p
 Notice to Rea«i
 one.cent stamp on I hi* notice.
 in the hands of our soldier* of
 No wrapping—no address. A.
readi.it ffci. magazine „
and it wil5 be i
    :or» dettinMt to pmffrd r/r.
    S. BURLE^OS. Penult,x
AUGUST
3rd
1919
20c
    PUBLISHED
TWICE A MONTH
  1  111             
     r 1 1           
     w a \y * I wi i 
m                f f 
    Ir A ^           
☆
ROBERT J. PEARSALL
BARONESS ORCZY
GORDON YOUNG
E. S. PLADWELL
CHARLES BEADLE
RUSSELL A. BOGGS
S. B. H. HURST
HAPSBURG LIEBE
WALT McDOUGALL
CLYDE B. HOUGH
Chesterfield
CIGARETTES
A cigarette of the finest TURKISH
and DOMESTIC tobaccos-blended
And the blend can’t be copied.
      -	tAey "Satisfy"
ADVENTURE
z
How I Improved My Memory
In One Evening
The Amazing Experience of Victor Jones
 "Of fount I place you! Mr. Addi-	I have prepared for home study. I show Since w; took it up you never hear
 son buns of Seattle.	you the basic principle of my whole	anyone in our office say, “I guess" or
 '11 I remember correctly—and I do	system and you will find it not hard	"I think it was about so much," or
 remember corrcctlv—Mr. Burroughs,	work as you might fear—'but just like	“I forget that right now.*' ot 1 can't
 the lumberman, introduced me to you	Paying a fascinating game. I will	remember." or "I must look up his
 at the luncheon of the Seattle Rotary	prove it to you.	name." Now they are right there with
 Club three years ago in May. This is He didn't have to prove it. His	lhe answer—like a shot,
 a pleasure indeed! I haven’t laid eyes	Course did: I got it the very next day Have you ever heard of ‘‘Multigraph"
 on you since that day. How is the	from his publishers, the Independent	Smith? Real name H. O Smi'h Di-
 pain business? And how did that	Corporation.	vision Manager of the Multigraph Sales
 amalgamation work out. When I tackled the first lesson. I	Company. Ltd.. in Montreal. Here’s
 The assurance of the speaker—in the	suppose I was the most surprised man	)ust a bit from a letter of his.that I saw
 crowded corridor of the Hotel McAlpin	in forty-eight states to find that I had	I*481 week:
 —compelled me to. turn and look at him	learned—in about one hour—how to -Here is the who'e thing i„ a nutshell:
 though I must say 11 is not my usual	remember a list of one hundred words	Mr. Ro-.h has a most remarkable Memory
 habit to listen in even in a hotel lobby,	so that I could call them off forwaid	Course. It is limplt, an.l tas\ as faUme
 "He is David M Roth, the most	and back without a single mistake.	off a log. Yet with one hour a day of
 famous, memory expert in the United That first lesson stuck. And so did	Pm tiee anyone—1 don't care vho he it—
 States, said my friend Kennedy, an-	the other six.	can improve his memory 100% */. a wtek
 swering my question before I could Read ,hJ . ttpr f	r	and iooo% months.''
 Srelt^aerf^e*h&	be McManus, of the firm of Olcott!	My advice to you is don't ’-rail an-
 KhrevSisovef''	Boriynge McManus & Ernst. Attor-	other minute. Send to Independent
 And he did	nevs and Counsellors at Law. 170	Corporation for M r. Roths amazing
 . . . ,	. Broadway, and one of the most famous	course and see what a wonderful mem-
 As we went into the	banquet room tnal lawyers in New York:	ory you havf got. Your dividends in
iMrtqrwwsar!	«« / age* w'"ns *■*' b-
 line and when it came my turn. Mr.	u 5eTV,ce "? S'vnii; tins system	VIP TOR rr, vpc
 Roth asked. "What are your initials ,to ,hJ ™r,ld a.s a public benrfaC 'he	\ ICTOR JONES.
 and te®^n^bc5r^?heScd \™*wttlTwhUh it* t^ipU?ma?>	Send No Money
lit	»,rt. .«i^,c*
 he named each man's business and tele-’	a<S,°" wh"h 1 a‘" aboul 10 '"sage."	home^wTsv h V °W°
 phone number, for good measure.	Mr. McManus didn't put it a bit too	tf* your m^.’W pOW^ in a
 I won t tell you all the other amazing	strong. 1 he Kota Course is priceless!	short hours that thcv are -villir.c to
 things this man did except to tell how	can a.isolutely count on my memory	send thecourse 00 free examination
 he called back, without a minute's hesi-	now- , *can C:l11 the name of most any	Don't '
 tation. long lists of numbers, bank clear-	man,1 have met before—and I am get-	^ money. Merely
 mgs. prices, lot numbers, parcel post	ting t>etler alJ the tiine- • can remember	IV‘ coupon or write a letter and
 rates and anything else the guests gave	a!ly fiS”res 1 wish to remember. Tele-	l h 7^ course will be sent, all
 him m rapid order.	phone numbers come to mind instantly	cn,lr8*S prepaid, at once. It you arc
, ,	once I have filed them by Mr. Roth's	|atIs^ed se?d ix back any
* •	easy method. Street addresses are lust	tune within ■SVe days aftCT >‘ou receive
When I met Mr. Roth again-which	US easy'	1 °WC nothing'
 you may be sure I did the first chance	The old fear of forgetting (you know	,,, a,!le other hand, if you are as
 I got -he rather bowled me over by	what that ist has vanished. 1 used to	1 ?s are thousands of other
 saying, in his quiet, modest way: be "scared stiff" on my. feci_because	m<n ,ln“ women who have used the
 There is nothing miraculous aboul	1 wasn't litre. I couldn't remember	0fll.y '5 in full payment,
 my remembering anything I want to	h:,t 1 wanl"1 to *»»•	nsk :,nd havr ^
 remember, whether it be names, faces.	„ I ™ sure of myself and con-	S,. rh^"*’ ~ fVi lh‘VC0UP°71
 figures, facts or something I have read	?dcnt and “easy as .in old shoe" when	drawn n.markable offer is with-
 in a magazine.	get on my feet at the chib, or at a
 " Yon ran do this just u< easilv nt	bimquet. or in a business meeting, or in ______
 I do. Anyone with an average mind	soaal gathering.	• ■ . —N COUPON
 ,e-!rn 'l«dckly to do exactly the	. Perhaps the most cnjovable part of
 same things which seem so miraculous	11 ;i11 « that I have become a good con-	T J J r>
 when I do them.	v.^tionaiist-and i used to lle d independent Corporation
 My own memory." continued Mr.	af a sPhm* when I got mto a Publi*h^r. Tk 1 j T ..
 Roth, was Originally very faulty. CTOWd of people who knew things.	ruDiisher* of The Independent Weekly
 o“‘mi4tinf7amafUiy Tmo^' v ,N'on' 1 can ca" UP Me a flash of D«P'- R-478. 119 W«l 40lh St.. New York
ass Tlli£rLs^£r~ ,rJi; Lr\sd cJSr-r
probably 10.000 men and to think a "hair trireer"	V Course ot seven lessons. I will either
:El,&	ted,* ^h^z,anJ iriS
 them	^ ,nslantl>' on meeting that kind of a memory if he only teW ,n fuU Pa>'men' of the Course. ■
 -T. t • „ . . .	h,,w to mal«- »t work right.
I intS^! ^	aftertKroo°U U is 2 wonderful thing. AW................................
 it. But how about me?" ' arS a‘to1L .Rropin« around in the dark for . ..
you^the sec»t"of i TT Ca" tCath lhC	^ ^nl	..............................
evening	want to ....................................
I» the fiToWX	will do wonders in - ....' .....................
                                                                                                          Ail*-«niiire 8-3-19
                        Kfa«y portion Advc„tll„ ta „ritin„ w Mnraar, „
ADVENTUKK
Will YOU Help Overcome this Shortage
of Motion Picture Stories?
  The m<>iion picture uuluau-y
  Producctu say it impoaaibi
 B* I McURI W WILLIS
 y ot UU*. F.n, PatIn'. Univcnu
                                  fueta ii irWn ICniMigli iioud stonai Art Bat to be 'ihtalnod-
 to obtain them. They admit tliey nn t'unijt'lkil to produce
 ntoriro that Off not *00*1 Inji-uuse of this hk’t. But MU’. With your help. I alli going to tiruik
 Clila . riil». I alii duliul to make ll puiiiblt Ui obtain llirlii And I alu gouui Ui tret thru. from
 n«n» writer) »uii troiu writer* whose iioritw have boen turned b*cK by' xhunu vary rtudlot, In
 slum. from you. And whether voU have <•vvr nnttvo one motion picture story in your whole
 III* in Immaterial Uf “ bother you have written a bun Ural urniui ■ vnsfui uim For up to no*
 (he outtid* writer lias nol been given a <han« to knuu b w tv prepare hi* plot properly
 alter he originated it-
    J ur over four yean I have been fnuurt writer m '!»• loainiw studio* I have written over
 two hundred produced Morlen. I have beeii4.9pee.utl writer for tin bl«cmi atarp, Now I u.tu
 kinlns to place uiy Kiiunlolut' at your dtafiaiB&l I utn (foiiut a dhow you the lnsKte way of writing
 - I’HE III It i t 1 lit I AIM l» .MIlHOli IIHI’UTAH VVHI I I KS! >1. IX St BM1TTINC.
 THK1H UH N KT*>11 IKS TO Till PROINTEKS Thle I- U. only BMrUwOd of wrttio* thut
 tun the personal mdon*tuem of it» moat no tod directore in the mot too iileture industry. And
 until >ou write yuur •crlpln lltu way. yon arc »titiii| your dm.-.
    It I? absolutely tin- Unit tlint writer* out id' the ts\ndlcw lavr cvrr Iw-en offered thta opimr-
  tiuuty And thi» iimlhud of writing '*n be lcar&«-4 in on* evening4* kiudy. If }ou can write
  ordinary. everyday Kiujlbb. you can write luollou pnturv >1 or lea the dtrvet. detadnd way.
                           A FRF.I: SALES BL'REAU
   I am going io rstiwd evt-ry po»uhli- aid to make you a successful writer,
   try to x-ll your Murh-n (or you without charging you oue penny for tn> Work.
I am even going to
I positively will
  not avcept am (e«- or iuniitiDiiun on any »ale whatenr.
  First. I want you to Have a copy of my book, The Ituddc story of Motion Picture Writing."
  It's free lor the .inkme. Then If you are really In earnest about writing photoplays. I want you
  to iMfome a pupil uf this Institute. Th«- full (tort of the entire count ui but TWELVE L>oL-
  1.ARS, mi'ludtus' tUr u?w of my fr«- ial<T> bureau. Nol n rent oiore. And I protect you by iui
  obmhltr money-back iruaraiiti-e
  Thin in my Inltuu offer. The price uiaj- go up ut any time I Choose. So 11 you are in caracal,
  write me ji onee. Do not remit any money. Just tnall me your mttne and tuMruut. Say
  send me your tree book.
The F. McGrew Willis Institute
 The wtt,Lta Wat
 Makeh wurn.NT. Pit"
 M' ORI-W WILLLS. S.;' H,*J
                         Dept. R
       Fourth Floor Wright Sc Caliender Building
       LOS ANGELES, .CALIFORNIA
 *2*101 a-u
 u'+y-
ZP. ~
&
  Lynn F. Reynold*. Jirrtltir of
I eat ure* tor (iniierwl, Triangle
and Fo*. and noiod for hi* won-
derful production* ot »tone* of
the great out-door*. *ay*;
H.
    * *. JSJl tion. rhnnfo* prepaid Examine carefullv—
 H luttifinl par 1^ ot pnienB.1 W>r(i it tviUiiK-eloTi monthly. II unvit »Uctory.return oiir
 rirpr i DON'T PAN’ \ CENTnnlr-.' von'fr runviacrrt 1 V'n ll ainon H .reSt PK.
 ftlOR VALl'E. Binding trinr»ut-r -ith each Dlamon't. F.«haiqgeaWe VEARl.Y
 INCREASE in VALUE tf% s»nd TODA\ I - FRFE C.vv.i: v • lo-a 10"/ IX*.
 Ouunt'inaUCasbrunhasm -I. M.LYON A CO.. I Mnideu l.»nt-.MJH YORK
Lincoln, “The Man for the Ages”
       The New Serial, about the greatest of all democrats, by the man, above all American
       authors, best qualified for the task—
IRVING BACHELLER
author of “Ebon Holden.' ’ Silas Strom:,” ' Light of th< Clearing"
       Begins in the Julv issue of
f * Pubiisl d h> the Pubi'sl r> I
». cm « » (vcryjboqys XHE
 Ntnui-stands. JLua Year	jMagazine C^*0 223 Spring Street, New York
Send IMo Money
Learn Piano!
                This Interesting Free Book
                       t>hows bow yon cnu become a ckilletl
                       I'layvrof pinno or orpin In yourown Iron.r,
                       at ona-quartar usual coat. IT. Quinn's
 famuusWritten Bethod te e<i lor-n byieiidliuju n>4>->an* i tidlo-ail* of
 8talu Cotiaet-vatiirlw!. SucoarfnlH	ITarchurdaetoneeandeom-
 plei<- pi noil in ••»«*!(•'>. within 4 laaaona. n tit iflr > ■ t e»*> to tin
 <l*r«tanil. Pull* illiiatrat^rl. V-’r hrgiiwrrm or teacher*. oM rMjns. Alt music
 (rea.niulomaeranla^l.WHta today f rill-naga frr* Iwa, l*w !•> trarn I'tann. "
 M. (.. Quinn Conservatory. Stunma.F. >ncial Union I Idt-. I oston. Mata.
       BALSAM
       A toilet j. repair at ion of merit
       Help* to eradicate dandruff.
 For Restoring Color and _ ,
 Beauty to Gray and Faded Hair.
63c. and f LOO x tdnnnn^ta._
 HINDERCORNS Eemoree Corns. CaHotnwa. etc,,
  stone all rutin, ensure* c*>nifnrt tn the fi'<-t. makes w-alklnc easy.
  IS omits bv Jr-nil or ut Druc^lsta. lltsoox Lbv&ilcal v'orts.
  Pateho-.me. N. Y.
Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE
“ We Must
FlyTo-nightl"
   Out of a deep sleep he woke her. She
thought she knew him so well. \ et now,
at two in the morning, he burst on her
with this terror—this mystery—this what?
   it’s the beginning of one of the best
mysteries ever solved by the great detective.
CRAIG KENNEDY
                                                                      He is the detective genius of
 our age. He has taken science —
 science that stands for this age
 ^IIV^ATnenCdTl bn-	—and allied it to the mystery and
               A TjTI Tf fO TJ t) CC\7C romance of detective fiction.
               jTVrvi llUXv .D. tvCCVXL Even to the smallest detail, every
Cpii^American ConcinDoylQ	bit of. ,the p1?1 »s worked out
'	scientifically. For nearly ten years
 America has been watching Craig Kennedy—marvelling at the strange, new, startling things that
 deiectivc hero would unfold. Such plots—such suspense—with real, vivid people moving through
 the maelstrom of life! Frenchmen have mastered the art of terror stories. English writers have
 thrilled whole nations by their artful heroes. Russian ingenuity has fashioned wild tales of
 mystery. But all of these seem old-fashioned—out-of-date—beside the infinite variety—the
 weird excitement of Arthur B. Reeve’s tales.
FREE — lO Volumes—POE
    To those who send the coupon promptly, we will give FREE a set of Edgar Allan Poe’s works in 10 volumes.
    When the police of New York failed to solve one of the most fearful murder mysteries of the time, Edgar
 Allan Poe—far off there in Paris—found the solution. The story is in these volumes.
    He was a detective by instinct—he was a story-teller by divine inspiration. ‘Before or since—no one has ever
 had his power to make your hair stand on end—to send chills up your back—to hold you in terror—horror! To
 read breathlessly—to try to guess the ending—to enjoy the perfect, flawless style—to feel the power of the
 master—that is what you can do in earh and all of Poe’s undying stories.
     This is a wonderful combination. Hen* an’ two of the yreatest writers of mystery and scientific detective stories.
  You can tret the Reeve at a remarkable low price and the Foe FREE for a shon time on!>. Send i
QUaX £lu/j COAjJp
 BROTHERS, New York e
TWO SHELVES OF
 Established 1817
 I no money.
 Harper
 & Brothers
 32 Franklin
 ~ " Sq.. New York
  Picas' wnd mr.
  all ch.irjtM ptcpaid,
  set o( Arthur B. kceve
  — in 12 volumes. Also
  send in**. <ct»n1ate!v free, the
  set at Edgar JUUa fot-ii 10
  volumes If the Uudcs arc not
  satisfactory I ■.ill return tvwh sets
within 10 days at vour e*pen«e_
  Othrrwise I will srn.l jrou >1 wiihrn
  ? days and «J a month tor i J months.
 OCCUPATION ...............................
 Semi for Our Special Canadian Offer
Kindly mention Adventure m writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE
What would
you do?
Suppose you told a good
friend of your success and
your good friend said, “I
don’t believe it!” What
would you say ?
Suppose you had hundreds
of good-paying permanent
positions to offer men who
had a little spare time and
who could use $25.00,
$50.00, $100.00 a month
extra and I said, “It isn’t
so!” What would you do
about it?
That is my case exactly.
What I’ve said about our subscription
work i> true. It offers you an opportunity
to make $5.00 to $250.00 a month, it
may take all your time or only a few
minutes a day—you work when you please
and where you please, And yet you say,
“It isn't so.”
What should I do about it ?
There you go, week after week, scratching
to make ends meet. 1/ you would sell
ur only t wenty or thirty minutes a day you
couU ha-ve all the extra mousy you r.eed.
But you won’t believe me!
You could Kft a complete outfit, and
prove what F say, by simply writing me,
but you won't do it! What more can I
say to you?
A tw-o-ccnt stamp invested in writing
me will put JUKI into vour pocket almost
before you know it. Every man and
every woman you know reads magazines.
They will read Adventvre, The I)e-
ijni-ator and Everybody's Magazine.
  HARRISON E. 1JI1.I-ER OF OHIO
And they’ll be only too glad to give their
subscriptions to you. Why, subscriptions
by the thousands are coming in to us
direct because we do not have enough
representatives to look after all the busi-
ness. Why don't you frj it out?
Instead of saying, “Oh, I can't do it”—
be independent and drop me a line today
and settle the argument for yourself.
Mr. Biller, whose picture is above, and
hundreds of other men know what it
means to receive a salary check every
month. They know that what I say about
subscription work is true.
This is what Mr. Biller says:
  "Geuine business for The Delineator
  and Everybody’s Magazine during
  the past twelve years has been boil)
  pleasant and very profitable for me."
And this is onlv one of hundreds of such
letters I have before me. Why, I could
♦ill this magazine with letter- from men
who have written in praise of our work
ami what it has meant to them.
But don’t t;tke their word for it. TRY
II OH T YOU R SELI . Wc need
some one to look after our interests rieht
in your vicinity. WE NEED YOLT!
Take out your pencil, write for full
particulars and MAIL IT AT ONCE.
Mnnager.Subscription Agency Division
350 Butterick Building. New York. N- Y.
Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your driller.
ADVENTURE
Don
  you never
 TEAR OUT MERE
INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS
BOX 2009 B, SCRANTON. PA.
 Explain, without obligating me, how 1 can quality lor the posi-
 tion, or In the subject, before which I mark X.
“Four years ago you and 1 worked at the same bench. We were both discon-
tented. Remember the noon we saw the International Correspondence Schools’
advertisement ? That woke me up. I realized that to get ahead 1 needed special
training, and I decided to let the I. C. S. help me. When I marked the coupon I
asked you to sign with me. You said,
‘Aw, forget it!’	I
 I	ii
“I made the most of my opportunity
and have been climbing ever since. You
had the same chance I had, but you turned
it down. No, Jim, you can’t expect more
money until you’ve trained yourself to
handle bigger work.”
There are lots of “Jims” in the world — in
stores, factories, offices, everywhere. Are you one
of them? Wake up! Every time you see an
I. C. S. coupon your chance is staring you in the
face. Don't turn it down.
Right now over one hundred thousand men
are preparing themselves for bigger jobs and bet-
ter pay through I. C. S. courses.
You can join them and get in line for promo-
tion. Mark and mail this coupon, and find out how.
INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS
Box 2009 B. Scranton, Pa.
  □	Ef.F.CTKlf*!, F.NGI.SKtK
  | J Electric Lighting and Railways
  □	Electric Wiring
  □	Telegraph Engineer
 □	Telephone Work
  □	MECIU.NICAI. F.NGI5EF.R
  □	Mechanical Draftsman
  □	Machine Shop Practice
 □	Toolmaker
  □	Gas Engine Operating
  □	OIVII, ENHINEEK
  ]Surveying nml Mapping
  1MIVK H)|[K>UN OK F.MU.NFFIt
  1 S I'ATI O N.4 IIY ENtilNEFK
  J Marine Engineer
  jShip Draftsman
  I ARCHITECT
  1 Contractor and Builder
  1 Architectural Draftsman
  J Concrete Builder
  JStructural Engineer
  JPI.I IMIIINU t.M) HE«TI!«(j
  ]Sheet Metal Worker
  J Textile Overseer or Supi.
 1 CHEMIST
 ] SALESMANSHIP
 ] ADVERTISING
 } Window Trimmer
 JShow Card Writer
 ISign Paint«*r
 j Railroad Trainman
 ] ILLUSTRATING
 J Cartooning
 J BOOKKEEPER
 J Stenographer and Typist
 ]Cert. Public Accountant
 ] TRAFFIC MANAGER
 IRnilway Accountant
 J Commercial Law
 GOOD ENGLISH
 J Teacher
 j Common School Subjects
 J Mathematics
 ]CIVIL SERVICE
 ) Railway Mail Clerk
 ) iUTOttOltlLE OPEKlTI.Mi
 ! Into Repairing
 :NsTlrstlnn !□ Spanish
 UtlHim.TTRF !□ Fr*nrh
 ! I'oolerr KsUlnr !□ Italian
 Name _
  Present
  Occupatio
  Street
  and No._
 City.
 . Stale .
Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE
Popularizing
the tin cow
  $8,150 a day for condensed
milk! Delineator families alone
pay this. It is but one instance
of the demand of the four and a
half million members of these
households for trade-marked
goods. And if canned milk
competes so successfully with the
milkman's daily visits, consider
the stimulus for your product
when you tell the million women
“purchasing agents"1 for these
homes about it in
The
Delineator
7~^e riaqaz:in& In
One Million Homes
Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
Photoplay Ideas
brin^ bip money
   •‘Give us NEW photoplay ideas—fresh, gripping
 plors—movie stories with new ‘twists' and ‘angles' to
 them! Cive u* m"vie stories that will move and
 thrill a photoplay-weary public "
    Thi* •» the Irantie cry ol motion picture producer* today' Never
 ••js tl'err iu. h a fitmint in good photoplay ideas' Ne»rr such an op-
 P>nun*'v to rum your photoplay idra% -nto money Cl'« er phot-s-
 plit ideas are br.ne^e Ir.im 5100 to S1O00. and remember-no one
 hat a monopol) on idea*. Yeur idea. properly developed, may be (UK
 a»	i,of	than that ol the mOM esperr writer,
    The Palmer Photoplay In.tiruic is really helping new writer* tode-
 vrlop their inovie oleas-rhat'« t*h» it ba> received the indorse-
 ment ncr c,v«rt ■> scenario institution by the leading producers,
 star*, directors and scenario editor*.
    Not a mere book nor a "school" nor a tedious corre-
 •pondi'nee course—but a concise, clean*<ut fi'anb'i
 Frederick. PJmcr, one ol the be*t known
 sere*n author* in America — the
 n •) month* wrote
 52 scenarios lor
 "Univerv
 kl*>
Today
                                          —wnd for our
                             _	illustrared booklet, ’’The
      Secret ofSucreutul Phot«>pU> Wrir-
      ..... Al-o—Special Supplement contain-
      ing autographed kttm horn the leading proJucm.
-	nsrs. direvtoet. etc. Eiplainv the Palmer Pijn in derail —
      ihown the benefit* of our Penonal Advisory Sen-keand Manuicnpt Sale* |
 Depamnrnt—*howi our iron-clad, money-back Guarantee. Send for your i
 copy todar—tCtfnt- Address—	i
PALMER PHOTOPLAY CORP-9^	|
Wouldn’t You Spend 2 Cents
 to find out how you can turn your span- time into
 dollars? That is all you need to invest — the price of
 postage to write us. We furnish full instructions and
 supplies free. We need some one to look after our sub-
 scription interests in your vicinity now. If you can use
 $50.00, $100.00. $1000.00. and will sell a little of your time—
 sign, cut out and mail this ad at once
 Name
Address.....................................
 Adventure 351. Buttcrick Building. New York, N. Y.
BUSH CAR-FREE
  TW» Flvo-Pa.aonc.r 37 H. P. e»r.
  Delco iRn.- Dyneto St*, and Lt*
 •	jataloa, Aifentt wanted
<‘an Kuar.inirr
  116 In *thl bass All bearing* TJmkon.
  Writ* nt omv for my itreat Free OfTVt nmi
  ■* urive un.l dvmon*.trata- Territory open.
 Prompt Shipment.* Curt Kuar.tntrcil or m<m-v barli 1919 earn ready.
BUSH MOTOR CO.
FREE
DIAMOND
RING OFFER
   Ju*l lo advertise our famaur Hawaiian im.
   diuri„*ml» ~thc irrcatosl discover? (hr world
   ha, over known Wu will urn,I ..fi.otulrly
   free thin 14k it,,1,1 I. rmir. xet wilh o l-3k
   rin wan tin tin diamond-in blnuliful rinir box
   pimiaito paid. I’ay paatmnKierSI 26C.O.D.
   c(i«tir,-» lo mvw postnpe, boxinr ndvercis-
   in*. handling, etc. II you rnn tell it from o
   yen! diamond return and money refunded.
   Only 10.Don r,». n uwav Send no money.
   Answer .julck Sen,) „|„. ,,f finier.
I KRAUTH & REED. Depf 415
  MASONIC TEMPLE CHICAGO
Vacation in the Pine Scented
Lakelands of Canada
 In the “Highlands of Ontario,” that
 wonderful region of scenic beauty,
 you can Fish, Swim, Golf, Canoe,
 Camp, Hunt—spend a vacation
 you will never regret or forget.
 Mirror-like lakes set in the gran-
 deur of forests of pine and balsam.
 The purest of air, 1,000 to 2,000
 feet above the sea, and hay fever
 is unknown.
Famous Playgrounds for
Outdoor Men and Women
 “Algonquin Park”—1“30,000 Islands
 of Georgian Bay” — “Kawartha
 Lakes”—“Muskoka Lakes”—
 “Timagami” and the “Lake of
 Bays.” Modern hotels — or
 “rough” it if you prefer. Any
 Grand Trunk Agent will gladly
 plan your trip for you. Write any
 of the following for descriptive
 literature:
ADVENTURE
  C. G. Orttenburger, 907 Merchants Loan & Trust Bldg.,
      Chicago, LI.
  W. JR. Eastman, Room 510, 294 Washington Street*
      Boston. Mass.
  H. M. Morgan, 1019 Chamber of Commerce Building,
      Buffalo. N. Y.
J. H. Burgii, 819 Dime Bank Bui’ding. Detroit. Mich.
A. B. Chown, 1270 Broadway, hew York City, N. Y.
For adults', boys' or girls" camp sites apply to
H. R. Charlton, General Passenger Department, Montreal.
Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
 igarettes
CAMELS are offered you as a cigarette
entirely out of the ordinary —a flavor and
smoothness never before attained. To best
realize their quality compare Camels with
any cigarette in the world at any price!
Camel’s flavor is so refreshing, so enticing, it will
win you at once- it is so new and unusual. That’s
what Camel's expert blend of choice Turkish and
choice Domestic tobacco gives you! You'll
prefer this blend to either kind of tobacco
smoked straight!
As you smoke Camels, you’ll note
absence of any unpleasant cigaretty
aftertaste or any unpleasant cigaretty
odor. And. you'll be delighted to
discover that you can smoke Camels
liberally without tiring your taste!
Take Camels at any angle—they
surely supply cigarette contentment
beyond anything you ever experi-
enced. They're a cigarette reve-
lation! You do not miss coupons,
premiums or gifts. You’ll prefer
Camel's quality!
Cnmflx are sold everywhere in scientifically
sealed package* of 20 cigarettes or ten packages
>300 cigarettes in a glaz»ine - paper - co\-ered
carton. We -strongly recommend thin carton for
the home or office supply or when you travel.
R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO.
WiutoD-Salrm. N. C.
Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
  Published Twice a Month by The Redgway Company
   J. H. GANNON. President	C. H. HOLMES, Secretary and Trauirw
                    Spring and Macdougal Street® - - New York City
                    6, Henrietta St., Covent Garden, London, W. C.. England
     Entered aj Second-Clots Matter, October 1, 1910, ot the	*bthi'D c, ■ i » rv* vt HAFFW a yj r
     Post-Office ot \etv York. N. Y„ under the Act ot 1879.	ARTHLR SLLLI\ ANT HOFFMAN. Editor
   Yearly Subscription, $3.00 in advance	Single Copy, Twenty Cents
      Foreign poatage, J2.M additional. Canadian Poatage, M centa.
      Trade-Mark Registered; Copyright, 1*19, by The Ridgway Company in the United Slate* and Great Britain.
      The editor aaaumea no riak (or manuscripca and lliuatrationa auhmitted (o (hia magazine, but he will uaa all due care while
      they are in hia hand*.
Contents for First August, 1919, Issue
The Boss of Mirage A Complete Novelette	E. S. Pladwell	3
     A paradise in the desert and a place of mystery is Lost Deer Valley. No sooner is Henry Carllon
     settled there than the stream 011 his ranch runs dry. and he knows some one is trying to drive him from
     his home. But Carlton is a fighter, and he has as ally the boss of Mirage.
So Ye Bring Me Back the Tale Poem.....Walter J. Coe	43
Needs Must .......... Baroness Orczy	44
     A story of Revolutionary France, a message left in a hollow tree—and the Scarlet Pimpernel.
West Africa and “Funkitis” An African Sketch	.	Thomas S. Miller	55
Rogues’ End..........Robert J. Pearsall	56 ^
      Remote and alone was built the house of Cragcastle, to which visitors find their way one dark night.
      Then the precipice by which it stands gets a new name.
Touching the Perils A Complete Novelette	. . S. B. H. Hurst	70
     The Psyche is only an old tub. and the owner wants the insurance. So temptation comes to Cap-
     tain Williams. But ships can make a man as well as break him.
Santanta A Sketch of Frontier Days.....W. A. Sternberg	87
A Night in the Wilderness .	.....Wall McDouall	89
     He is fresh from Ireland, and his first night in the New World is a wild one. You will lauph at
     Jams tale.
The Wagon-Box Fight A Bit of the Old West . . . . E. A. Brininstool	95
RCSCUp?	,.............. B- Hon«h	97
     Plundered from a hundred churches, they gleam and sparkle and shine in the jewel-box of Datto
     rarang. And Crawson, renegade, thinking of what they could buy in a white man’s country', makes
     careful plans. A story of the South Seas.
Day-Dream. p«m........LC.U	105
               (Continued on next page)	1
                                                                     \
(Continued from preceding page)
Howling Jim’* Pal........Hapiburg Liebe	106
     The best friends in the logging-camp are ‘‘Lonesome” and “Bvuling Jim,” and their friendship
     stands many hard tests. Then comes a day that threatens to break it.
Savages A Four-Part Story Part II......Gwdoa Young	11*6
     To the island where Gilbert Lang, lives with “Hurricane” Williams and his savages comes a white
     man’s boat. And the captain is Winston Willcrby, terror of the South Seas, li you missed the first
     part of this story of a curious quest ior vengeance, you will find it briefly retold in story iorm.
Agent Andy........-	Rowell A. Bogg»	143
     When "Steamboat" and the steel gangers come to Bel ham it looks as if Andy Ptck is going to lose his
     job. But Andy finds that jvhat seems a stumbling-block may sometimes be a stepping-stone. A
      railroad story.
The Tree of Life A Complete Novelette ..... Ckarle* Beadle	156
     It is a search for strange superstitions that takes Dr Herdwether into the French Congo. He finds
     one that is more strange than he expectcd. And more dangerous.
The Camp-Fire A free-to-all meeting-place for readers, writer* and adventurer*.....179
Looking Ahead for Democracy............185
Various Practical Services Free to Any Reader.........186
Ask Adventure...............187
Firearms, Past and Present.............188
Fishing in North America.............188
Lost Trails................191
The Trail Ahead......... ......192
Headings..............hrael Doikow
Cover Design . . . . . . . . -.....Paul Strayer
IN THE FAR PLACES
            ONLY one white man. has been there before. Far in
            the North Country it lies, an oasis of life in the frozen
            waste. For twenty-five years Jimmie Dunn and
            Marshall Wells planned the trip for Jimmie Lad when he
            should be a man. In “The Gift of the Barren Grounds,”
            in our next issue, Kathrene and Robert Pinkerton tell how
            Jimmie Lad starts out, to encounter in the snow the one
            thing for which their plans had not provided.
            "VTO ONE knows what had sent him ihere — the only
            white man in the Indian penal colony. And he has
            a secret, a great and terrible secret with which he offers
            to buy his freedom and which brings Sinclair to him—the
            same Sinclair who saved India and whose next adven-
            ture is told in “Bumps,” by S. B. H. Hurst, in our Mid-
            August issue.
 VOL. 22
 •NO.. 3
The BOSS of
MIRAGE
A Complete "Novelette
Author of “According to Bt
E RUSHED into the dance-hall
like a cyclone, jingling spurs and
holding ready hands on the pistols
at his hips. He stopped and
glowered about, seeking enemies. Finding
none, he declared war anyhow.
  “Yip-yip-yip!” he yeUed.“Yow-e-e-e! I’m
a zippin’, rippin’ terror on wheels! I’m
the man that invented cemeteries!” He
looked about fiercely, seeking contradic-
tion. “Watch my smoke!” he invited.
“I eat a cougar every mornin’ an' ten dozen
rattlesnakes at night! Yip-e-e-e-e! Every
man that crosses my path bites the dust!
Wow!”
  “Big Dan”’ Dolan wearily uncurled his
vast bulk from a chair in the rear of the
place, ambled over to the warrior, knocked
him down,^picked him up, kicked him into
the roadway and then returned to his chair
and table.
  “That’s the third this month,” he ex-
plained to his younger companion, seated
opposite. “Every time some four-flusher
gits full of licker, he thinks he’s an army.
Like that feller. Seems like I’ve seen him
before, but I can't quite place him.” And
Dolan’s broad face wrinkled.
  The eyes of the quiet, slim young man
were still bulging. Dolan’s mighty' fist
Copyright, 1919. ly The Ridgtvay Company in the I
i," “Highly Civilized,” etc.
had sounded like a hammer hitting a
board, and yet the other man had been
armed!
  “Nothin’ to be skeered about,” demurred
Dolan. “The real bad-man has his mouth
shut and his eyes open. This fool had his
mouth open. Nothin' to it. What was
you sayin' about your ranch?”
  The younger man began to aline in his
mind the story which was being shrewdly
wormed from him. He had not come here
for sympathy, but he found himself granted
it anyhow; so he decided to give Dolan his
confidence because the big owner of the
Gem Saloon and General Merchandise
Store seemed to ask it.
  Carlton was comparatively a newcomer.
The heavy-browed giant, with just a tinge
of gray in his black hair, was the boss of die
settlement and apparently the hardest
character in the district. By reputation
the world to him held two classes of people,
friends and enemies. The former could
have anything and the latter nothing, not
even decent tombstones. If he thought a
man should be eliminated, he would see him
killed without compunction. And yet Harry
Carlton found him friendly, sociable and
likeable.
  While the old saloon-keeper looked him
ted States and Great Britain. Alt rig hit reserved.	3
4
Adventure
over quizzically, Carkon let his absent gaze
go through a side window to where, thirty
miles to the south, a copper-colored moun-
tain stood out from a gaunt and treeless
range of hills and glistened in the sunlight
as if it held the treasures of the Iucas.
  “It—it sounds like a nightmare/’ he be-
gan cautiously. “You see, 1 m a civil
engineer. Six years ago I tame through
this country on a railroad survey. One day
while hunting in the hills I came into a little
valley that made my mouth water. There
was a bare copper mountain standing over
a timbered slope leading to a liLlle stream,
and that led to a big meadow and lost
itself in a little green marsh. Willows by
the marsh, and oaks in the meadows, and
pines up the slope. It was a lost valley—
only one way in. You pass a lot of loose-
dirt scenery till you turn around a bare
granite knoll and look into—paradise!”
  “That’s Lost Deer Valley, all right,”
nodded Dolan. “It’s a fine place.”
  The big man smiled a bit at the rhapsody.
Carlton's regular-featured, fine-drawn face
was alight. If it were not for his square
jaw and level eyes, Dolan might have ap-
praised liim differently. But, though Carl-
ton was a “city man,” he was not a tender-
foot. He was an engineer who had sur-
veyed part of the desert.
  “After I went away, I got office w'ork,”
continued Carlton. “It lasted five years,
and then I got—sick. Meantime I'd been
dreaming about that valley. So, before
the sickness pulled me down for keeps, I
decided to come out here with my wife and
settle down on the place. I had enough
money tp buy about one-third of the valley;
so I bought it. The fellow who owned
the place was Ebenezer Finch. A fine,
wholesouled, noble character. A regular
prince!”
  Dolan grinned. The bitter words seemed
to caricature the miser of Lost Deer Valley
—the stoop-shouldered, sharp-faced, red-
haired slouch whose cheating and sancti-
mony were known through the county.
  “He only asked a reasonable price for
the two hundred acres,” continued the
engineer. “It’s right at the lower end of
the valley, straddling the creek and strad-
dling the road that runs out. I made a
'topographic survey and planned an irriga-
tion system. The ground makes an easy
slope toward the lower end of the valley; so,
by diverting the stream where it enters my
proj>ertv on the higher ground. I could run
a ditch along the inner rim of the hills and
shoot the water down to any place I liked.
The stream runs all year from Lost Deer
Spring; so I figured I’d have water enough
to raise anything. My water-right s were
perfect. Everything was line as silk.
And then the stream quh business.”
  “I knew it,” grunted Dolan. “Hosses.”
“It was the horses,” nodded Carlton.
“Ebenezer Finch suddenly brought three
hundred head of stock over from his Esca-
lante ranch, and they drank the water at the
source.”
  “Did you speak to him abouL it?”
“Sjjeak? 1 spoke, argued, raved, prayed
and swore! He just stood there and
sniveled his regrets.” Carlton s bitter voice
took a high-pitched, mournful intonation
that mimicked Finch's whine exactly.
“I'm right sorry abaout it," he mocked,
“but I don’t see’s haow I kin change
things. O’ course, you got your rights to
the lower stream. 1 don’t deny no man his
rights. Live an' let live—that's my mot-
tow. The law sez the man on the upper
stream kin only hold water fer domestic an’
stock purposes; so I’m right glad to let
ye hev what I kin let through.” Carlton
took his own voice. “- him! He’s en-
titled to the upper stream for stock
purposes only, so he brought in the
stock!”
  ‘ Um. How did the talk wind up?"
grunted Dolan.
  “Why—he almost cried. Said I mustn’t
judge him wrongly. Told me how good a
friend he was. Described every neighborly
act he’d done. I didn’t know whether to
apologize or knock him down. Finally he
shook hands and left me standing there,
wondering. That was two months ago.
After that he’d drop over and give me help-
ful hints on how to run my ranch. Mean-
time, not a drop from Lost Deer Creek.
I	couldn’t decide whether I was being
helped or victimized till finally I stumbled
on to his full history.”
  Dan Dolan chuckled.
  “What happened next?”
  “Well—1 can’t afford to nurse a dry
ranch; so I put it up to him straight. First
he said, ‘Harsh words butter no parsnips;'
then he just yelled. I'm not very strong;
so I used a fence-rail. Then, when
my temper went down, I regretted
things.
The Boss
“I MADE threats. I said I’d get
that water if I had to clean out his
stock and him into the bargain.
That was a month ago. Since then the
valley hasn’t been healthy for any one.
Some one’s been poisoning his horses, and
somebody tried to burn my house. I sleep
now with a shotgun alongside my bed, and
the wife’s close to hysterics.”
  “Where did you learn about Finch?”
asked Dolan suddenly.
  “The old Government land-agent. He
knows the whole county.” Carlton tolled
off victims on his fingers. “A man named
Brady had the ranch before me. He died
two years ago, after selling the land back to
Finch cheaply. The man before that was
Dingle or Dingwall. The man before that
was one Tom Fulton.”
  “Tom Fulton?” interrupted Dolan. “Ful-
ton? Yeh, you’re right; it was Tom Fulton.
Go on.”
  “The man before that was named Mor-
ris, and I forget the rest. Every one of
them lacked water, couldn’t irrigate and
had to sell the ranch back to Finch—very
cheap. Two of them had lawsuits but
couldn’t prove anything. In other words,
Ebenezer Finch uses the prettiest little
valley in the county as bait for a legal,
logical skin-game. He sells the ranch,
parches the land, terrorizes the victims in
one way or another and then gets the
ranch back through a friendly deal!”
Dolan’s stubby fingers drummed on the
table, and he stared at Carlton as if to make
sure of his estimate of the man. He saw a
decent, clean young American, neither
blond nor dark, neither brilliant nor wit-
less, but just an ordinary well-educated
young fellow who looked as if he might
be worth helping.
  “That’s right,” he nodded. “It’s a
swindle. You’re stung. Might as well
pack up your duds and mosey along.
Only—I wouldn’t.”
  “You mean—fight it out?” asked Carlton.
“Stick,” grunted the big saloon-keeper.
Then suddenly he became halting and
diffident, as if trying to pick the words to
outline his attitude. “I’m sort of neutral,”
he explained. “I’m jest watchin’ on the
side-lines. Mebbe I'm playin’ my own
game, at that. We’ll see. I got no special
interest in you. I’m only a booster for the
county. What we need is decent people,
ou and your wife seem like what we want.
of Mirage	5
If your sort always gits froze out, there’s
nothin’ for this county but booze and
roughs forever. Savvy?”
  Carlton had hoped for understanding
from this burly, rough-handed saloon-
keeper in shirt-sleeves, but such idealism
from the owner of the worst “sin palace”
in the county was unexpected. The big
boss caught his look and frowned.
  “Yeh, I know what you’re thinkin’,”
boomed Dolan’s heavy voice in its choppy
manner. “Dolan keeps a dance-haU.
Booze. Women. Dolan, the merchant, may
be different. He’s gittin’ a little old.
Beginnin’ to look ahead like a merchant
should. This country’s got to have decent
people. She’s goin’ to git ’em!”
  Carlton was beginning to gage this new
friend. The big, heavy-browed fighter
stood alone in this community, and, a little
chastened by the years, without wife,
family or close pals, he was starting to feel
his loneliness. His talk was not reform.
It was friendship. The engineer knew he
had come to the right place.
  “I won’t take up your fight, but you’re
goin’ to git a square deal!” continued Dolan.
“Mebbe I’ll have a scheme for you pretty
soon. Mebbe not. Anyhow, go back and
fight it out!”
  “I will!” said the engineer, arising and
gripping the other’s big hand for just a
moment and then letting it go.
  Effusiveness would have spoiled things,
and he knew it. Then with a nod he
walked to the door and mounted his bay
horse and started for home, heartened by
the knowledge that the toughest, shrewdest
old ruffian in the district was a friend and
possibly an ally. He was ignorant of the
political and social conditions within this
tumultuous county, ignorant of the sub-
conscious motives of Dolan and totally
ignorant of the size of the battle he had
entered into. He only knew that he had
gained a friend whose advice and backing
might be well worth while, and, thus satis-
fied, he started on the long trail toward the
green valley under the copper mountain.
II
TWO hours later Carlton was riding
along a winding road on die side of
a barren, rocky mountain range,
Sometimes, when the dust settled or side-
hills failed to obstruct his view, he could see
6
Adventure
the great, hazy country spread iTelow him to
the westward, shimmering yellow and
brown in the heat-wave. Far to the north-
ward lay Dolan’s settlement, its buildings
hidden by the mist of the distance. Far to
the south the gray heat-wave blurred the
miles that led to the county-seat.
  Eastward, to the left, the rocks on the
steep mountain range above the rider re-
flected baleful glares from the late afternoon
sunlight, and above those rocks he could
see the tip of the big copper dome that stood
over his home. One mile more and he
would be in the valley. The rider managed
to urge his sweaty horse into a gallop just as
something stinging and vicious whined
through the air behind him.
  Carlton jumped. He jerked back on the
reins. The horse stood on its hind legs.
A muffled report came from somewhere
among the boulders above. Carlton's eyes
squinted toward a mass of gray rocks under
the shoulder of the copper mountain.
  “The devil!” muttered the engineer, un-
decided, while the horse pranced.
  Another bullet zipped past the animal’s
nose and spattered into a red rock below.
Carlton made up his mind instantly. He
jabbed spurs into the bay so savagely that
it laid back its ears and flew.
  Over shale rock, over hard ledges, over
sandy washes the panting bay sped toward
the gateway of gray-green boulders that
marked the entrance to the valley. The
bullets ceased coming. The marksman’s
vantage-point was out of range, hidden by
cliffs and side-hills. The engineer’s mind
was working fast. The man who fired at him
had a rifle. Carlton only had a pistol in a
holster under his light khaki jacket. If he
could get to close quarters, he might inves-
tigate things. That was his plan.
  The horse reached the comer of Lost Deer
Gap and started to turn in. Carlton halted
him, dismounted, slapped the animal on the
flank and walked deliberately along the
outer rim of the granile gates of Lost Deer
Valley. The horse started for home. Carl-
ton started to climb.
  Warily, carefully, trying to give no hint
of his coming, the engineer scrambled up-
ward over hot ledges of gray stone or little
wastes of yellow sand. Once the ugly flat
head of a diamond-back rattler disputed
him from the top of a bluish rock, but he
gave it the right of way. Higher up a
pungent smell told him he was coming into
a nest of them; so he detoured. Still higher
he came upon the trail of a bobcat in a patch
of streak)- brown dirt, but he noticed it only
subconsciously. He was on the spine of the
ridge now, and ahead was the giant pile of
gray rocks where his enemy had lurked.
Carlton surmised who it was, but he was
not quite sure. Ebenezer Finch seemed too
sanctimonious for this sort of business.
  The engineer began to cr?jwl. Hot rocks
blistered his hands, and the sun heated the
metal on his blue pistol-barrel, but he wiped
the sweat from Ills brow and kept going
ahead. He made for the western edge in
order to keep off the sky-line. His fooi
slipped on a rock which hit another, which
struck another, until a little avalanche of
rock and dirt thundered down the hill and
gathered momentum.
  A bullet whistled past Carlton. A rifle
roared almost in front of him, and a wisp of
smoke blew around the corner of a big
rock. Carlton started dodging forward in
zigzag leaps. The rifle cracked again, but
he reached the rock. The smoke liad just
come from its east side; so he ran around the
west side, just as he heard the lever of the
rifle throwing another cartridge into place.
Wild with anger, aching to deal with this
assassin, the engineer forgot his shortening
wind and cha ged like a wild bull.
  A vague figure moved in front of him.
blurred by the gloomy shade of the big
rock. Carlton pulled trigger just as a big-
bore rifle delivered its thundering load
through his hat. Carlton pulled trigger
twice more. The gusts of Are and smoke
turned the place into a smelly inferno.
  “Yow!” came a shrill, agonized scream
from the figure in front.
  Carlton's finger twitched on the trigger,
but he refrained. The man with the Win-
chester hurled it away and let it smash on
the rocks w'hile he hunched over and held
his right leg, moaning.
  “What does this mean?” roared Carlton.
  “Oh! Ouch!” cried Ebenezer Finch.
  He sat down and swayed while his lean,
WTinkled face contorted with pain.
  Carlton did not know whether to shoot,
strike, swear or laugh. The cold-blooded
attempt at assassination made him furious,
but the ludicrous figure rendered him help-
less to act.
  “Well?” he rasped.
  “It hurts!” complained Finch. “Wait
till I git my boot off. Ow! Wow!”
The Boss of Mirage
7
  “Serves you right!” snapped Carlton.
“I ought to have finished you, you dirty
sneak!” He stood undecided for a moment,
swayed between humanity and inhumanity,
but generosity won. “Let me see that
leg. Humph. Flesh-wound. Too bad it
didn’t drill your head! Cut away those
dirty clothes and give it a wash. Lick it if
you have to. Now take my bandanna and
bind it. I ought to ram the thing down
your sneaking throat! Confound you, why
didn’t you fight like a man? Are you just
plain dog? What’s the idea in trying to
kill me, anyhow? Or are you just trying
to scare me out of the valley. Speak!”
  Finch quit binding the red wound for a
second and looked up with the old expres-
sion of vague reproach and wonderment.
  “You pizened them hosses!” came his
mournful, regretful answer.
  “You lie!”
  “’Tain’t fair,” whined Finch, ignoring
the outburst. “The first time, I let it pass.
‘Youth will have its fling/ sez I; so I let it
go. Next time, eight yearlin’s was found
daid; so I calc’lated I’d speak to you
friendly. You only told me to git off’n
your ranch.” This was with reproach un-
utterable. “ ’Twam’t neighborly. I let
that go at last, because I sez, ‘Time heals all
wounds,’ sez I. Then six four-year-olds
died las’ week, an’ las’ night ten mewls
went.” And he nodded his head sadly at
thought of his wrongs.
  “You He!” blurted Carlton. “You lie!
I’m not poisoning horses!”
  “You sez one day as haow you’d git water
ef you hed to clean out me an’ that stock,”
accused Finch most regretfully. “I was
right sorry. ’Peared that neighbors ought
to git along. I was right hurt about it.
Ouch!” The last was addressed to the
leg.
  The monotonous insistence of that querul-
ous voice was beginning to get in its work.
Carlton somehow felt himself on the de-
fensive, and it maddened him.
  “You sniveling old crook!” he growled.
“You know what’s the trouble as well as
I do!”
  Finch shrugged a tired shoulder.
  “I’m right sorry abaout that water,”
he sighed. “Seems jest like it’s only come
to make trouble between good neighbors.
Ef I could send that stock back, I’d do it,
but I hain’t got the money right naow.
I m right sorry.” He wagged a mournful
head, but his calculating little eyes rolled
up suddenly. “Mebbe you’d like to sell
your ranch back. Heh?”
5‘ NOTING the look of cupidity in
, that foxy face, Carlton reversed
I the pistol and weighed the butt
in his hand as if wondering how deeply
it could crash into that mournful, drooling,
crooked head. But he took it out in won-
dering. Finch seemed to keep the engi-
neer’s temper just at the border-line of
murder, but Carlton couldn't cross the line.
He was angered, perplexed and baffled.
At length, to save his own sanity, he gave
it up.
  “Can you walk?” he snarled.
  “I—I might make it,” said Finch, screw-
ing up his face dubiously. “My hoss is
right yonder on t’other side of that brown
rock.”
  “Your getaway was well arranged,” ob-
served Carlton dryly. “Do you murder
many people in this way?”
  “You pizened them hosses,” reiterated
Finch in the same regretful voice. “I was
right sorry abaout it, but-”
  “Shut up!” screamed Carlton. “You
say one more word, and I’ll blow your head
off!”
  Hypnotized though he was by that soft,
sighing voice, an overdose of it broke the
spell, and, now that he had cast off the
numbing influence, he resolved to keep the
upper hand. He knew he was just im-
pulsive enough to make good his threat, and
he sought an excuse. He longed for an excuse.
But it never came. And then Carlton
wondered what to do with the man. He
couldn’t shoot him in cold blood. He
couldn’t kick a wounded man down the
hill. He couldn’t keep him on the hilltop
all night, and he couldn’t take him home.
In a more civilized land he might have
Finch arrested, but that seemed out of the
question.
  “Confound it!* puzzled the engineer.
  Finch seemed about to speak. Carlton's
face showed a queer smile. Finch sensed
he was very near to eternity. He clamped
his jaw and looked away. Carlton teetered
on his toes and then made his decision.
  “Stand up and hop!” ordered the engi-
neer.
  Finch uncoiled his lanky frame and
hopped. Carlton helped him toward a
horse that whinnied from the shadow of a
8	Adventure
hot granite pillar, and half-shoved, half-
kicked him into the saddle, while Finch
yelped with pain. When the job was com-
pleted, Carlton, who had put the pistol into
its holster, produced it again.
  “Travel!” he ordered sternly. “Git!
Vamose! And if you ever start anything
with me again, I’ll shoot on sight! Now
vanish!"
  Finch shook his doleful head, gathered
the reins, clucked dismally and started
down the rocky hillside toward the green
valley below. Carlton stood and watched
until the figure was far down into the lower
reaches. A dozen clever and snappy re-
marks came to his head now, and yet in
Finch’s reproachful and nonresistant pres-
ence he knew his brain had bogged down as
usual—and now he had let the cold-blooded
old assassin go! The thought made him
angry with himself.
  He turned his face away from the pitiless
glare of the setting sun and looked down
the eastern side of the ridge into his little
garden of Eden. The western country
was gaunt and godless, gray and yellow,
dancing in the blur of the purple heat-wave.
The valley was different. Pines clustered
in cool little groves under the side of the
copper mountain, and their tiny springs
gave verdure to the ground immediately
beneath him.
  Far away the ranch-house and bams
and coops of Ebenezer Finch stood like
to^ placed on a carpet of green, with
yellow haystacks here and there and peace-
ful animals grazing. But somehow the
nearer lands at the lower end of the valley
looked yellower, as if lacking something.
A little verdant spot stood alongside
Carlton’s tiny white house, almost beneath
him, but that was from a trickling spring
used mostly for drinking-water. He con-
templated the place for a long time; then
he turned away.
  “No water, little money and no friends
except one rip-snorting old saloon-keeper.
What am I going to do?” he asked of the
vast silence that seemed to mock him from
the treeless west.
  He looked downward to the gaunt foot-
hills and their mystic purple ravines and
gulches, spread before him for miles, in-
hospitable and inscrutable, as if enchanted
by demons. This was the unmerciful
world outside the gates of his home, and
his fate seemed to be driving him toward it
He could not leave the country for good.
He knew his disease, even though he was
conquering it The doctors had specified
the desert for him. and the desert it must be.
  It was only a question of happiness in
the valley of liis dreams or unhappiness
in the treeless, waterless plains below.
Standing on the mountain-top and looking
into the sinister western lands, tlie engineer
saw liis problem as plainly as if it were
written in two words: yes or no.
  “No!" he resolved. "Never! If 1 have
to. I'll kill him! Thi^ is my home, and mine
she’ll stay!'’
  There was a new swing to Carlton’s
shoulders a> he ambled down the mountain-
side later. He trudged toward the low-
lands and past a detached grove of pines,
whistling in spite of the heat The shad-
ows of late afternoon were dimming the
sunlight, and soon the air would l)e cooler.
Supper seemed to lje ready in the little
white-painted, two-story cottage. A wisp
of smoke curled from its chimney.
  Suddenly the man noticed a flash of blue
and white coming around the corner of the
house and running toward him. The figure
seemed agitated. Slightly alarmed, he
gained speed until he vaulted the little
fence that bounded his truck-garden, where
his brown-eyed wife met him.
  “Harry!” she cried, clutching at him.
  “What’s the matter?”
  “I don't know. What is it? The horse
galloped in a long time ago with an empty
saddle!” She was almost breathless, and
her eyes showed the strain she had under-
gone. “I thought of all sorts of horrible
things. Then Finch rode by with his leg
bound up. I called, but he wouldn’t stop;
so I stopped him.”
 “How?”
  Her eyes snapped sternly.
  “I took down that rifle over the mantel
and pointed it at him!”
  “Great Scott! What did he do?”
  “Oh, he grinned like an old wolf and
put up his hands. He said. ‘You’re larnin’,
ma’am,’ and I said he would, too. Then he
said. ‘Birds of a feather flock together’ and
chuckled. I’d forgotten to cock the ham-
mer of the rifle; so I pulled it back with my
thumb. The gun nearly went off. It was
awful!” She took a long, shuddering
breath. “I asked him where you were,
and he said he didn’t know. He seemed
more polite. May be that clicking sound
4
The Boss of Mirage	,	9
did it. He insisted he hadn't seen you;
so at last 1 had to let him go. He just left.
Then 1 really became worried.''
  The engineer’s brows were furrowed.
  “What a liar he is!” he exclaimed irri-
tably. “It's like—like coping with an eeL
Did he say anything else—make any
threats?”
  “N-no.” She seemed hesitant, as if
loath to alarm him. “He said something
about ‘widow’s weeds,’ but I didn’t quite
catch it. Nothing else much. His talk
seemed to be rambling. He said his best
horse died last night and a friend named
Jim Black was coming over to ‘dicker’ about
some land. He said Black had advised
him not to sell you the ranch but he took
a chance on you and now he’s sorry. That's
about ail, I guess.”
  “All?” gasped Carlton.
  The news made him wonder if the odds
against him were not too great. Black
had a reputation.
THE man belonged to the second
oldest profession in the world.
Back in the shadowy ages of an-
tiquity the kings of a legendary Egypt
employed his predecessors to do their
bidding. Cambyses, Claudius and Nero
used them lavishly. The Byzantine em-
perors posted them on every street corner,
and the age of the Borgias lifted their
craftsmanship almost into the arts. From
there they slowly declined in numbers and
power until today they are found only in
the toughest wards of the big cities or on
the last frontiers.
  “Silent Jim” Black was a professional
killer.
  This rough-and-ready section of the
country whispered about Black but could
prove nothing. He never harmed any one
except in self-defense, cleverly arranged.
He was not a fire-eater. It was not even
proven that he could be hired to kill. It
was only apparent that often, when two
men got into a quarrel, one of them was
likely to run against Jim Black. After the ,
funeral Black seemed a mite more pros-
perous, but that might be coincidence.
  The engineer’s wife felt there was some-
thing wrong. She read it in her husband's
face.
  “What’s the matter?” she asked. “Is
Black a dangerous man?”
  Carlton played the game and put his arm
about her. He had no intention of causing
alarm. Things were bad enough as they
were.
  “Oh, no,” he reassured her. “Black is
one of the most suave and courteous per-
sons in the country’.”
  “But what is he doing with Finch?”
  “I don’t know. Maybe I'll find out,”
he replied with hidden sarcasm. “Never
mind that. Let’s get supper.”
  The wife sensed there was some cruel
play going on around her, but her Eastern-
trained mind could not gage it. Later, as
the days passed, the mystery' became a
torment, equal to the question of the
poisoned horses. Her husband daily
seemed more nervous and worried. Once,
when Finch happened by, Carlton hurried
inside and stood by his rifle. Again, when
Finch and a black-clad stranger rode about
the former’s ranch, the engineer lay under
a pine tree and with field-glasses watched
them until the tour was over.
  Later, when the dark stranger rode by
alone and tossed a casual nod toward the
house, Carlton’s face went white, and he
kept his hand near a holster behind the
doorway. When Jim Black failed to make
the slightest hostile sign, the engineer felt
like a fool.
  That episode made things worse. At
times Carlton wondered if he were not a
mite too scary. The engineer did not know
what to think; so he puzzled and worried
until at length the strain and irritation
began to tell on him. Then his wife caught
the infection.
  To cap the climax, Ebenezer Finch began
to resume his visits when Carlton w^as too
far afield to forestall him. First he came
to “borry” something, just as if nothing
had happened. Later he called to bewail
the loss of a prime w'hite mare and twelve
mules by poison. The visits kept the
young woman exasperated and nervous,
though she felt that was what he aimed for.
It looked like part of his campaign of terror-
ism. She sensed that his evasive, whining,
wiseacre speech covered something sinister
and that he was watching, watching like a
coiled snake biding its time to strike.
  “I can’t stand it any longer!” she blurted
one October evening when she and Carlton
were seated on the steps of their narrow
little porch.
  "I know,” nodded the engineer, as he
puffed at his forbidden pipe and watched
IO
Adventure
the fading sunlight weave its red brocades
over the copper mountain. “Neither
can I”
  “And yet,” she hesitated, “it’s glorious.”
She sniffed the cooling October air, scented
from the pines and the dry grass and the
near-by rose-bushes. “Finch offered eight
hundred dollars for the land,” she con-
cluded paradoxically. “Then he offered
a little more.”
  “It cost us eight thousand," he stated.
“Would you like to give it up?”
  “No. And yet—can we stay?”
  He took the pipe from his mouth and
seemed to be watching a humming-bird
as it studied a new honeysuckle vine.
  “Maybe not,” he admitted. “If it
wasn’t for the confounded mysteries, maybe
we could. Who’s been poisoning those
horses?”
  “Perhaps they were not poisoned at all.”
“They were! I’ve seen the dead ani-
mals.”
  “Well, then they were” she sighed. “I
give it up. What can we do about it?”
“I’ve got a plan. I’ve been thinking it
over. We’ll go to town for a while. I’ll
come and farm the place at odd times and
hire a few huskies to relieve me in guarding
it.” The engineer was really contemplating
an offensive wrar, but of this he said nothing.
“In that way,” he explained, “we can run
the ranch and get away from this mystery.”
“For how long? Have we money
enough?”
  “I guess so. Maybe I can do a little land-
surveying outside. Anyhow, the change
will do us good. How about it?”
  •“But how can we leave with Finch
watching us?”
  “That’s easy. We’ll get things packed
quietly and wait till he starts out some
morning for supplies. He’ll leave Abe
Bilger, that half-witted hired man of his,
to guard the place. We’ll let him get well
started, and then wTe’ll follow on.”
  They discussed it all evening, measuring
things from every angle, but they had
decided beforehand. They had come to
realize that their single-handed battle was
a little too much for them at present.
They needed a respite. Thus it happened
that next day the wife got things in order,
and then they awaited the passing of
Finch. Black had disappeared from the
scene and almost from their minds.
  Two weeks later Finch went by with
empty saddle-bags and grain-sacks dangling
from his horse’s sides. He saw' the glint of
Carlton’s ready gun and kept at a respectful
distance. AJter he left the valley, the
engineer cautiously mounted the ridge to
make sure it was not some ruse, but Finch
kept on, past cliffs and foot-hills, till at
length his dust faded in the far white dis-
tance of the alkaline plains. Then Carlton
descended to his home.
  “It’s after nine o’clock,” he announced.
“Let’s hurry.”
  They took two saddle-horses and a pack-
inule, loading them carefully. They did
not want their departure to appear per-
manent. Then, with everything ready,
they trotted down the little lane and toward
the pass that led out of their valley of
dreams.
  Once, at the gap, they halted for a mo-
ment, and the wife looked back, wondering
if it were for the last time. The gentle
October sunlight glorified fields, pine-
groves, oaks and w-iilows, and the cool
breeze brought the gracious scent of pine
to their nostrils, while the old copper moun-
tain gave them benediction from above.
A meadow-lark sang them a little song. A
bee hummed by. The girl’s eyes moistened
from a queer homesickness, but she turned
her horse resolutely and started onward.
in
THEY arrived at the settlement
before dusk, meeting only a few
cattlemen or prospectors on the way.
Carlton took his wife to the ramshackle
hotel for the time and then sw'ung past
the seven saloons of the “street” to where
the porch of Dolan’s dance-hall and general
merchandise store jutted into a turn of the
road.
  A pianist was practising for the evening's
noise, and the quavery banging floated out
of many windows, past the dozen loungers
squatted on the wide porch or leaning
against hitching-posts as they performed
their evening (ask of watching the darkness
arrive. Inside another dozen was gathered
about the bar near the wide door. Dolan’s
heavy bass voice floated out, giving direc-
tions about trimming the lamps. WTien
Carlton ambled in, Dolan, in shirt-sleeves
as usual, dropped a rag and grabbed his
hand.
“Well!” he roared. “You still on earth?
The Boss of Mirage
How goes it?” He pulled Carlton forward
as if he were a doll. “Come back to a table
and have a drink. Not drinkin’ today,
hey? Well, have a drink anyhow!” And
with great gusto he yanked the engineer
toward a seat near a window in the rear
room, while the hangers-on laughed.
  Dolan’s attitude changed when he had
Carlton seated in the corner. He muffled
his voice somew’hat.
  “You darned fool!” he rasped. “What
did you come here for?” -
“Why? What’s the matter?”
  “Matter? Huh—if Jim Black sees you—
good night! He’s after you!”
The engineer felt his heart thump
strange])-. He pondered a moment; then:
“Why should he be seeking me now?”
“He needs money. He gits it from
Fitch—provided. See?”
  “Provided!” gulped Carlton. “Provided
he does the work, that is. I see.” He
stopped and tried to figure it all out.
“Then, if I go, Black gets the ranch. I see.
That’s about what Finch hinted one day
when he met my wife.”
  “Then he lied as usual,” contradicted
Dolan.
 “How?”
  “Huh. Think Finch wants Black for
a neighbor? Nix. Not. Ncin! Too dan-
gerous! Black gits cash!”
  The more Carlton studied the transaction,
the less natural it seemed. That sort of
business might be all right for the old Lhugs
of India or the mandarins of China, but the
thought of paid assassination in the civilized
year of 1903 in the State of California
seemed like a strain on the imagination.
Though Dolan’s bailiwick w'as in the wildest
and most lawless section of a go-as-you-
please county, it took only three days to
reach the railroad, and then the big modem
cities were in easy reach. Even here
their influence was felt. Dolan was
thinking of installing a telephone!
  “It’s nonsense!” blurted the engineer.
“It’s a plot to scare me out!1’
  Carlton looked at the saloon-keeper
queerly for an instant. Dolan had tried
to alarm him. Might it be—could it be—
that Dolan was also in the plot? Anything
seemed possible. Did this saloon-keeper
size him up for a tenderfoot after all—just
another “sucker” to be trimmed? Carlton
was not naturally suspicious, but he
was not wholly well yet, and of late he
had been filled with many perplexities.
  “Sure, it's a plot,” said Dolan tiredly.
“If they skeer you out, so much the better.
If not, you git out anyhow. See? That's
where Black comes in. Finch means busi-
ness. You hit him with a rail. His hosses
are pizened. You shot hira, I hear. He's
mad. Before that it wasn't personal.
You was only another sucker. Now it's
pers’nal. See?”
  “But,” argued Carlton, “Black was in the
valley several times. He didn’t start any-
thing.”
  “Why should he? No witnesses there.
He couldn't prove self-defense. Your wife
was always around. It has to be public.
See?”
  The engineer found his throat welling
and his lingers drumming on the table
nervously. The lamps of the dance-hall
were being hung, but he only saw them as
glassy blurs. He knew his face was white,
but he was able to meet Dolan's shrewd
gaze unflinchingly. There wras even de-
fiance in his eyes. The big man nodded.
  “Are—are you sure of all this?” insisted
the groping Carlton.
  “Certain. Finch came in several weeks
ago. Drank too much of Looey Bums’
snake-juice.” Dolan jerked his finger in
the direction of a rival sin-palace. “He
told Looey about his friend Black. Said
Black wras likely to git somebody soon.
Said it was all fixed. Said thereVI be one
less pest in Lost Deet Valley- That meant
you. Then he went to sleep under a table.
Forgot all about it. Looev told me next
evenin’. Perfesh'nul courtesy between sa-
loon-owners. Yes, I said courtesy. We
have to keep, tabs on people. A man's
credit may be no good. If he hangs around
too long, he’ll bust you. It’s business.”
  Carlton began to see into things he had
never dreamed of. He had stumbled upon
a regular, coordinated information-bureau!
  “Then who has been poisoning Finch’s
horses?” he demanded.
  “I don’t know,” admitted Dolan. “I
got my suspicions, but I ain’t sure yet.
Why the devil didn’t you stay away and
gimme time to w-ork things "out?” The
boss scratched his head. “Now Finch is
in town. Black’s here. You’re here. It’s
all mixed up. The devil only knows how
it’s cornin’ out!”
  “Well,” announced Carlton, “I'm not
going to run, anyhow.”
12
Adventure
  “No; only, lay low. No use to look for
trouble. Black’s deadly. Lay low'.”
  With this kindly admonition the giant
started to get up and go about his business,
but something in Carlton’s face arrested
him. The engineer, two shades paler, w'as
looking at something far past the boss.
Dolan turned and peered around.
BEYOND the loafers at the bar,
beyond the wide doorway, beyond
the hitching-posts and the dusty
roadway, tlie dark, immaculate figure of
Jim Black was seen passing a small knot
of men and ambling toward Dolan's door.
He stopped and nodded to some one; then
he sauntered onward. Carlton had hold of
his chair and was staring as if fascinated.
  “Lay low!” advised Dolan. “Sit tight!
It might not come now anyhow.”
  But Carlton’s jaw was set at last, and he
started to arise. He had come to the end
of the road. The long siege of w'orry and
doubt and fear and nervous tension had
caused something to snap within him, and,
though his teeth were chattering, he had
cast the die. He was afraid—scared blue—
but going forward. The eyes of the tough
old boss showed an admiring glint, and he
resolved to save this man from the results
of his own stubborn courage.
  “Sit down!” ordered Dolan.
  “I won’t!”
  “You will!” snapped the boss, laying a
mighty hand on his shoulder. “Nix on
this hero stuff! Lay low!”
  Carlton’s eyes were suddenly hard and
cold.
  “Let go of me!” he demanded. “Get
out of my way!”	*
  The boss hesitated only for an instant.
Then he grabbed the engineers right arm
and twisted it as if in a vise.
  “Don’t speak to me like that!” he snarled.
“Who do you think you are? Come on,
you! You’re goin’ into that linen-closet!”
And he grabbed Carl ton by the scruff of his
neck.
  “What?” exploded the outraged engineer,
savagely angry at last. “Why, you -”
  “Shut up!” roared the saloon-keeper.
Suddenly the crowd outside the front
door jumped. They scattered pell-mell.
Two men, in the semigloom, rushed around
an outside corner and cowered behind the
w'all of the building. Another yelled and
got behind a hitching-post. Sudden shouts
and the scuffle of feet told of an instan-
taneous crisis outside. People were rush-
ing to get out of line from something.
Dolan knew the symptoms and halted, un-
decided.
  A pistol cracked outside the window that
faced the side road. A piercing cry was
heard—then another shot. Then silence—
the queer, deathly silence that follows a
tragedy.
  The bystanders started running forward,
away from the saloon. Dolan rushed to the
side window', drawing Carlton with him.
The boss peered out to the roadway. In
front of an old blacksmith-shop opposite,
a prone figure was King, face forward,
wiUi arms outstretched grotesquely. An-
other figure was sitting near by, sagging
forward and nursing a shoulder. Men
came running up from every direction.
  “It’s done!” grunted Dolan, releasing
the engineer.
  “What is?”
  The old boss pointed a pudgy finger to-
ward the prone figure.
  “Know who that is?” he asked.
   The engineer looked closer.
  “It’s Ebenezer Finch!” he cried, almost
unbelieving.
  “Right. Finch it is. Died game, any-
how. He shot back. Cornered, I guess.
Had to be game. Know the other feller?”
  The bewildered engineer looked long and
hard. He had seen that middle-sized fig-
ure somew'here but couldn’t quite place
him.
  “That’s Tom Fulton,” announced the
boss.
  “Fulton. Fulton? You mean the man
that used to own my ranch? Never met
liim. And yet he seems familiar, at that.”
  Jim Black w'as lifting the suffering man,
but Black w'as an afterthought.
  “Sure you seen Fulton!” boomed Dolan’s
voice. “Remember the day you was here
last? ’Member the coot that came in
full of licker? Wanted to lick all creation?
Got thrown out? That wras Fulton.”
  Carlton began to grope. There was
something underneath it all, but he could
not grasp it. Dolan suddenly appeared as
satisfied as a cat full of cream.
  ‘‘This here tragedy cost me about twenty
dollars,” announced the big saloon-keeper
quite casually.
  Carlton became even more befuddled.
  “Twenty? How?” he asked.
The Boss of Mirage
13
  “Keepin’ Fulton full of Dutch courage,”
replied the amiable old thug. “He used
to own your ranch. Got froze out like you.
Woke up too late. Swore he'd kill Finch.
Didn’t make good. Got sick, went broke
and drifted away. I forgot all about it.
He ' didn’t. Came back here after five
years. Worked up his courage with licker.
Tried to git himself up to the killin’-point.
Got too noisy, and I threw him out.
  “Then you reminded me who he was.
You told me who’d owned your ranch
before you. You mentioned Tom Fulton.
Then I knew him. After you left, I went
after him. I sort of have it in for Finch
myself. Fulton told me all his troubles.
Got sympathy. Also licker. Buckets of
it. Got more courage every day< Waited
for Finch. Finch arrived today. Funeral
tomorrow.”
IV
IT WAS terse and to the point, but
Carlton felt his hair curling. This
broad-shouldered, black-haired giant
in front of him had arranged a killing
as casually as he would prepare a fishing
excursion. He even furnished the bait!
The engineer found himself dizzy.
  The old boss read his thoughts.
  “For the public good,” he grunted.
“Finch was a pest. Always in trouble.
Always snivelin’. Always cheatin’. I’ve
been waitin' for some one to put him out.
Now I’m glad he’s gone.”
  So was Carlton, in a way, but his soul
had not yet risen to such heights of altruis-
tic manslaughter, and the chills were running
down his spine. He was brave enough, but
this was different He changed the subject
abruptly.
  “Then maybe Fulton poisoned those
horses,” he surmised.
  "Mebbe. He went away mysterious
several times. He promised to do some-
thin' desp’rate. That’s about his size—
pizenin’ dumb animals. Mebbe, if I wanted
proof, I could git it, but—what’s the use?
I don’t care a hoot either way.”
  There was a wealth of scorn in Dolan’s
voice in commenting upon his tool, and the
the engineer realized how masterfully the
drunkard had been managed. While 'Carl-
ton was away in his valley, a little drama
had been staged in this rough pine-board
colony, with John Barleycorn as a prime
actor and himself as beneficiary—and Do-
lan as stage-manager. Carlton realized
that the big boss had mainly told him
the truth. He had supplied the shooting
because he despised Finch naturally, be-
cause of the general public good, because he
wanted to see a fight and partially because
of Carlton. Then another thought crossed
the engineer’s mind.
  “By the way,” he asked, “how about Jim
Black? What is he going to do?”
  Dolan’s reply was prompt.
  “Nothin’. Why should he? Finch is
dead. The deal’s off. This shootin’ leaves
Black up in the air. Nothin’ in it for him,
is there? He’s got nothin’ against you
personal, has he?”
  “It sounds reasonable,” conceded the
engineer.
  Here in the dusk, with the last faint
traces of red in the western sky, it seemed
that a great burden was lifted off his shoul-
ders, even though he did not exactly ap-
prove of the method. He felt that his life
seemed clear from now on and he could
live forever with his bride in the valley of
his heart’s delight, with the old copper
mountain giving them benediction to the
end. With his heart swelling, the engineer
turned away from the wrinkled face of the
sordid, crafty, loyal old thug who had
befriended him. He absently looked out-
side to where groups of men stood about
the actors in the pitiful tragedy. And then
his dreams vanished.
  The crowd in front of Finch had thinned
slightly, and the glimmer of a lantern
showed his head being raised on Jim
Black’s knee while another man was
sponging his hair, where a dark stream was
flowing from above the ear.
  Finch’s face was almost demoniac as the
lantern cast its lights and shadows upon the
sharp features, and from his mouth there
issued a volley of profanity that seemed to
flicker the light with its blasts. Nearer,
another group was putting Tom Fulton on
a shutter, lifting him with rough tenderness.
Beyond the groups of men, lights from
Looey’s place and the other saloons down
the street gave vague illumination to the
roadway, while the music of a tinny piano
jangled from one of them, playing a “coon
song’ as if nothing had "happened. But
above all came that high-pitched jabber
of Ebenezer Finch, very much alive. It
was not soft and regretful now; it was
Adventure
explosive. Among other thing’s it shrieked
“Gimme my gun!'' and “Lemme at him!”
“No!” came Uie voice of Jim Black dur-
ing a silence. “Stop that! Wait till you
get ’tended to!”
  A murmur of voices followed, broken by
another shrieking volley of wildcat profanity,
but the writhing form of the wounded
Tom Fulton had been carried out of sight,
and Finch had not seen him.
  Carlton, noting with interest tfiat Finch
had taken on another i'eud, felt queerly like
a front-seat spectator in a show arranged
for his benefit as he looked out of the win-
dow. Dolan, standing alongside him,
seemed angry.
  “-!” boomed the heavy voice of the
boss at length in infinite disgust. “Rotten
job! Rotten!” And that was all he could
say.
  A prospector came through the talking
crowd at Dolan’s doorway and approached
the boss, bringing news.
  “Didja see it?” he chirped. “A fella
named Fulton met old Finch in the road-
way and cussed him out. He ’peared to be
drunk. He reached for his gun, an’ so did
Finch. Finch shot him in the shoulder,
an’ he shot Finch in the head. They was
so close they jest couldn’t miss!”
  “Huh. What was the trouble?” asked
Dolan innocently.
  The prospector’s face looked perplexed.
trDarned if I know',” he answered. “Mebbe
it’s some one that Finch skinned.”
  “How?” asked the boss.
  “I don’t know,” answered the puzzled
prospector. “Somethin’ was said about a
ranch, but that was all I got.”
  The desert-rat seemed aggrieved about it.
After a long, lonely trip through unlimited
wastes, where he and his burro had probably
suffered all sorts of hardships, he had
witnessed a bang-up fight and didn’t un-
derstand all about the matter, thus feeling
deprived of something. He did not know
Fulton. Few did. The male population
drifted in and out continually—and five
years is a long time. Men did not generally
know each other very well in this country'. ’
“Is Finch hurt bad?” asked the boss."
  “I dunno. Somebody went after Doc
Davis, and mebbe we’ll see. There’s the
old doc now.” And the prospector ran
away to keep tab on the latest develop-
ments.
  A stocky man with a warty face and a
bulbous nose ambled gravely toward the
recumbent Finch. The crowd made way
for him as, with gestures of professional
interest, the elderly arrival examined the
wound and gave a few terse directions to
the bystanders. Dan Dolan chuckled.
  “It’s all right now. Doc Davis has got
the case. Finch’ll die.”
  The engineer looked nonplussed.
“Hoss-doctor,” explained Dolan. “Good
man once, but went wrong. Came from
New York. Had troubles. Drowned ’em.
Been drownin’ ’em ever since. If Finch is
hurt bad, he’ll die.”
SOMEHOW Carlton could not fall
into this mood. Dolan might hate
like that, but the engineer couldn'L
The engineer failed to realize that Dolan
looked on Finch as one might look on a
snake or any other pest which one did not
hate but simply struck on general principles.
Without realizing it fully, Dolan, busy with
engrossing business and political" fights,
had despised the old hypocrite for years but
never thought much about it until a man
he liked became a victim. Now he was
taking notice with a vengeance.
  “If Davis is loaded enough, he’ll operate,”
added the boss. “That’s him. If he’s
sober, he lets the patient alone. Patient
recovers. If he’s full, he wants to show off.
Tackles anything. He’d operate on the
Angel Gabriel!” And Dolan’s calculating
gaze went to the bottles stacked behind his
busy bar.
  “Don’t!” advised Carlton. “Isn’t there
any other doctor around here?”
  Dolan looked a little disappointed at this
squeamishness.
  “Nope,” he replied tersely. “There’s
three at the county-seat. None here but
Davis. No use to bring in another doctor.
Finch ain’t worth it.”
  The engineer felt properly rebuked.
“Well,” he decided cautiously, “anyhow,
maybe it’s best to be neutral Let ’em
alone. Let Davis kill or cure. That
makes it a sporting proposition.”
  Carlton calculated that the sporting ele-
ment would appeal to Dolan, and it did.
  “Fair enough,” acceded the boss. “I’ll
bet you ten he dies.”
  “Done!”
  A glance through the window showed
that Finch had been carried somewhere out
of sight. The side street was deserted
The Boss of Mirage
15
again except for its tethered horses and the
jangle of piano music. It was just as if
nothing had happened. Dolan and Carlton
ambled toward the front of the place, get-
ting out of the way for the dance about to
start. A few tired-looking girls had ap-
peared long before and mingled with the
crowd of prospectors, miners, ranchers and
cattlemen from every part of the hills. A
piano, a fiddle and a bass-drum had been
tuning up. The board walls were beginning
to rattle at the noise, and pictures of ac-
tresses, culled from the sporting journals,
were vibrating.
  The portly Doctor Davis came in at
length, strutting importantly at the head of
a retinue. Dolan’s practised eye estimated
he was half-sober, wliile those at the bar
plied the medical man with questions.
  “All he needs is a little time and nursing,”
announced the professional man. , ‘‘The
bullet struck the temporal bone, went along
the screamous portion, glanced off the more
peetreus tracts and avoided the mastoid,
making a welt, a track or what might be
called a crease. Except for possible con-
cussion, gen’lemen, I doubt that any ma-
terial complications can occur. He is rest-
ing easy at the hotel.”
  Ed Hendry, from the Willow Creek
country, leaned his tall frame against the
bar and voiced his curiosity loudl)'.
  “What made him yell like a wildcat when
he came to?”
  “Delirum,” responded the doctor courte-
ously. “Perfectly natural. Any one gets
twisted around after a blow like that.
Why, one-half an inch more and he’d have
been dead!”
“Huh. That’s the first time Finch ever
let himself out!*’ commented the rancher.
“He usu’lly snivels. Did he git over it?”
“He’s calmed down now,” admitted the
doctor. “Friend of yours?”
  “No!” snapped Hendry.
  “Ah,” said the horse-doctor, changing the
subject tactfully. “Bartender, set ’em up.
Your pleasure, gen’lemen, every one!”
  But Dan Dolan was loyal to his bet.
“No!” he countermanded. “No drinks
for the doc! Everybody but the doctor!”
The crowd turned. The insulted veter-
inarian sputtered.
  “Why?” he demanded.
  “No drinks till Finch is out of danger!”
Hendry, the Willow Creek rancher,
turned around and faced Dolan.
  “Is Finch a friend of yours?” he inter-
posed very quietly.
  The boss bristled.
  “What’s it to you?”
  The rancher’s face whitened, but he faced
Dolan without flinching.
  “Then you’re through!” he flared. “I
knew Finch in Escalante. If you’re a
friend of his, you’re a low-down, sneakin’,
lyin’, hoss-stealin’ skunk that a decent
rattlesnake wouldn’t be seen in company
with! Why, you-”
  The boss could not hesitate before an
audience like this. It was a matter of
prestige, decided instantly. The mighty
fist of Dan Dolan crashed into Hendry’s
face and whirled him backward into the
horse-doctor. The smack sounded like an
ax hitting a tree. The rancher and the
mcdical man rolled to the sawdust together.
  The crowd parted as if by magic. Dolan
stood alone, fist clenched, facing the prone
man. Two other Willow Creek men sidled
in, facing Dolan wrathfully.
  “Want some, too?” roared the boss.
  One of them grabbed his arm. He did
not argue. He shoved the man aside.
The other reached downward toward his
belt. Quick as light, the giant rushed him
and planted a pole-ax blow into his face.
That man also fell to the floor.
  Some one yelled. The place became tu-
multuous. Carlton edged toward the boss
loyally, but Dolan needed no help. He
stooped over quickly and disarmed the man
who had reached downward. Then he
stood up with a gleaming six-shooter in
his hand.
  “Any one else want in?” he roared, look-
ing around truculently.
  No one volunteered. Some of the crowd
even drew back. The boss, satisfied,
walked over to the first man he had struck.
Ed Hendry of Willow Creek was just com-
ing to. The horse-doctor was fanning him.
  “Here!” said the boss, pulling Hendry to
his feet “Git out!”
  He led the unresisting man to the door
and gave him a gentle shove. Then he re-
turned and picked up the second victim,
shook him a bit and helped him to the
door also. It had all happened within a
minute.
  “All right!” cried the boss, waving his
hand to the crowd in the dance-halL
“Track’s clear! On with the dance! Strike
up the music!”
i6
Adventure
  The “music” obeyed with great alacrity.
  Carlton had been a silent bystander, and
in a way he wondered what this giant might
do next. When the boss approached, he
was in a thundering black mood. His first
remark was wrathful but utterly unex-
pected.	m ^
  “Now I’m ag’in Finch for fair!” he an-
nounced, “’Tain’t your light alone now.
It’s mine!”
  Carlton was thunderstruck at this atti-
tude.
  “How?” he blurted.
  “Huh. Finch started all Lhe trouble in
the first place, didn’t he?”
  “Yes.”
  “Well, now he's lost me three good cus-
tomers!”
V
     HARRY CARLTON did not sleep
very well that night. His experien-
^ -* ces had brought him into a depres-
sive mood. It was not that he had lost out.
It was not that he lacked loyal backing. It
was because of his environment and the
sordidness of it and a species of homesick-
ness that had come over him. Carlton did
not feel above his fellows, but they were
different so that the roughness and harsh-
ness of this land and its people made him
wonder if it were worth while to continue
among them, even though his conquered
disease demanded it.
  The town was a hole-in-the-mud place.
The highest ideal of most of its inhabitants
was to win enough money at gambling to
keep cold drunk. The town was called
Mirage. Apt name! It was illusory, un-
stable, unreliable. A1 though it had lived
forty years, it still had the unpainted, un-
kempt appearance of a camp that might
blow away any minute and was not worth
improving.
  And Carlton was most worried about his
wife. Now that he had her in town, what
could he do with her? For the present they
had taken quarters at the hotel, made from
a defunct dance-hall, where thin board*
partitions had been nailed to make “rooms.”
For her there were no women to associate
with, no amusement, no little conveniences.
The hotel was used mainly by drunks
sleeping off their sprees. The place was
sordid and makeshift and depressing. The
whole atmosphere of the town, for a fine
young Eastern girl, was impossible—im-
possible!
  hi the sunlight of the next day it seemed
even worse. The signs on the cheap board
fronts of the cheap board saloons and the
Chinese restaurant and the old red black-
smith shop were half obliterated by the hot
suns of forty years. Dolan’s place, with
the windows unwashed and fly-specked,
looked dilapidated and sodden and cheer-
less. Beyond the turn of the road at Do-
lan's the hot, treeless spurs of gaunt moun-
tains sloped down into unlimited wastes of
hot, treeless, waterless plains that seemed
to stretch on forever. Carlton began to
curse the folly and the illusions that brought
him into this country'.
  Although the engineer did not know it,
he was suffering the maladies that come to
every secondary pioneer. The first pioneers
had come to this land and given their
natural wildness full sway, turning it into
a free-for-all hell and ignoring its possibili-
ties. Had Carlton understood, he might,
like the far-seeing Dolan, have visioned
himself clearly as among the first of the new
pioneers in this corner of the county—the
earnest, decent settlers who within ten
years were to transform the old West into
the new West and make it a land of pros-
perous homes, schools, auto roads, giant
irrigation systems and clean little towns.
  Carlton could not peer ahead and see the
great dam with which the Government was
to impound waters far in the mountains so
that this desert would be forever blessed.
As an engineer he knew the possibilities of
the country- in a vague way, but reality lay
in the future. He did not even fully realize
that the rest of the county was slowly com-
ing from its long sleep and that only in this
section was the last frontier. He only
knew he was disgusted and incredibly
lonely. He had not been so in his own
valley. That was his own.
  “You can’t stand much of this,” he an-
nounced to his wife in the morning, as he
looked at the bare board walls of his room
while the partitions echoed snores from
other boudoirs.
  “Why not?” she asked.
 “Why not? With nothing to do, no
place to go, no one to talk to? I ought to
have thought of that before we came.
Why, it’ll kill you!”
  “Well, you’re here, aren’t you?”
  It was simply said, but it made Carlton
The Boss of Mirage
17
tingle. The doubts and depressions were
swept away instantly as if banished by a
fairy hand. The knowledge that he pos-
sessed this beautiful girl made him realize
that, even though perplexities sprang up on
every side, his game was worth playing.
And then immediately another distraction
made his brows wrinkle. How long could
this beautiful young wife go about such
a place without complications starting?
Carlton knew the general chivalry of the
West, but he also knew the free-and-easy
attitude of men accustomed to dance-hall
girls and the less free-and-easy ideas of
certain others who were not accustomed to
being balked.
  The first complication along these lines
came late in the afternoon, when Carlton
returned to the hotel after looking over some
men who might assist him to hold his little
valley. His wife was seated on the ve-
randa, and alongside her was the quiet,
well-mannered Jim Black!
  Black arose courteously when the en-
gineer arrived, and the engineer seated him-
self, feeling that Black was just a bit enter-
prising.
  “Mr. Black has just been telling me about
Anam and Hue,” explained the wife, with a
smile.
  “What?”
  “Anam and Hue and Bangkok and Singa-
pore and a lot of other places. Mr. Black
has been all over the Orient!” She said it
as if she had made a find.
  The engineer’s eyes narrowed. He knew
from many instances how the East Coast
blunts the morals of all but the strongest of
men, and he began to appraise Black better.
Black was a Westerner, all right, but he did
not fit into this settlement. He belonged
in some seaport town like San Francisco or
Seattle. Yet he had been here for a long
time. What was the answer? What was
he hiding from?
  And Silent Jim had been talkative!
  “I’d like to hear of Mr. Black’s travels—
all of them,” said Carlton with malicious
courtesy.
  Black’s cold gray eyes flashed sideways
for an instant, but his reply was peace-
ful.
  “Pleased to, some day,” he replied,
arising. “I’ll have to move along now.
Got to see a friend. Good day, Mrs. Carl-
ton; good day, Carlton!” And, tipping
his hat, he was off.
2
  There was a long period of silence on the
porch.
  “He’s a mystery to me,” said the wife
at length.
  “To every one,” grunted Carlton. He
produced a pipe and started filling it. “I
guess it’s best to let him alone,” he con-
cluded.
  The girl’s brown eyes flickered as she
considered this.
  “Well,” she offered, “he seems to be
about the best in the camp.”
  “Maybe. Still, it might be wise to let
him alone. I don’t trust him.”
  “Neither do I, exactly,” she admitted.
“That’s why I’m curious about him.
There’s something—something going on
somewhere, and he’s in it, and I don’t know
what it is.”
  The engineer smiled grimly.
  “You mean you want to pump him?”
  “1 might be able to.”
  The calm optimism of this innocent young
girl made Carlton gulp. He changed his
tactics.
  “Know what a bobcat is?” he asked
suddenly. “It’s a lynx—a wildcat. Highly
excitable. Weil, if you want a real good
time, go get a nice lively one, bring it up
close to you and then ask it questions.
It’s no more dangerous than fooling with
Jim Black, and you'll get just as much
information!”
DAN DOLAN, however, tried it in
his own way and got something.
He was not really hoping for infor-
mation, but anything that came into his
net was welcome. He and Black hap-
pened to get together two days after
Carlton came to town, and they sat at
Dolan’s back-room table, where the boss
spun his webs.
  “How’s Finch gittin’ along?” asked
Dolan casually, over a glass of beer.
  “Dunno,” said Black.
  ‘‘They say he’s got eary-sipilis,” volun-
teered the boss. “Pizen. There’s dirt in
the wound.”
  Black nodded.
  “Bum doctor!” continued the boss.
  Black nodded again.
  “Doctor prob’ly let dirt git in,” offered
Dolan. “New doctor cornin’ from down-
country to look him over. Finch’Ll prob’ly
git well.”
  Black lifted a beer glass to his mouth.
i8
Adventure
 “I wish Finch’d gil out of town!” snapped
 the boss.
“Why?”
 “Yells and moans all night. Gittin’
 worse. Hurts the hotel. People can’t
 sleep. I own a half-interest in the hotel.’'
 Black’s eyes flickered at this barbarous
 commercialism, but still he said nothing.
 “That noise must be hard on the Carlton
 gal,” added the boss. “Darned shame.
 No way to treat a lady like that. Fine gal,
 ain’t she?”
 Black nodded again.
 “Worth havin’,” remarked the boss,
 looking crafty. “Bet, if there wasn't nothin’
 in the way, a young feller like you’d take a
 chance.”
 Black nodded again. The boss looked
 at him curiously.
 "If an accident hit that Carlton feller,
 there’d be a scramble, all right,” observed
 the boss very casually. He waited for
 some remark, but none came. “Best-
 lookin’ Ally that ever come to town,” he
 finished.
 Black looked wearied. Dolan changed
 the subject.
 “Think Finch may be all right soon?”
 he asked.
 Black sat back in his chair.
 “Why do you ask me?” he demanded.
 “Oh, I thought you was interested. Saw
 you stand by him when he was shot. You
 took him to the hotel.”
 “Oh.”
 “If he gits away, then he won’t disturb
 the hotel,” said the boss. “Fact is, I’m
 tired of him. Wish he’d go fer keeps. He’s
 a pest. I’d help put up a purse to plant
 him, jest for the public good.”
 Black’s gaze became direct and cold.
 “Not while I’m here!” he stated.
 The boss was taken aback. This man
 Black was believed to be for hire, and yet
 here he turned down a bid! The boss knew
 that Finch would not pay top prices for
 any job. Dolan could easily beat Finch’s
 bid, and yet Black had turned him down—
 cold!
 “Why?” asked the boss bluntly.
 “Friend of mine,” snapped Black.
 “How?” persisted Dolan.
 “Helped me once.”
 The boss looked curious. He knew that,
 if Finch lived, Black would probably carry-
 out his lethal contract against the engineer,
 but here was an angle that was hard to
understand. Dolan assumed his most in
gratia ting air and leaned forward.
  “How?” he asked.
  Black looked half-defiant, but he let the
words come to his mouth.
  “Two years ago I was broke. Sister
dying in Chicago. Also broke. Only rela-
tive 1 had. Best friend I ever had. Sick
and down and out. Pleaded for help. I
went crazy. Got desperate. Started ouL
with a gun to collect. New game for me—
don't like hold-ups. Caught Finch on the
road Got fifty dollars. 1 had a mask,
but he rcc’nized me. I said I had 10 have
the money. ^ He quit yelping and asked
me why. I told him. I’d have told any
one then. He said, ‘Keep the fifty.’
Then he took me to his ranch and gave me
fifteen hundred dollars.”
  The boss was staggered. Such a tale
about the crooked old miser of Lost Deer
Valley was incredible!
  “It went to your sister?” gasped Dolan.
  “She died happy.”
  “And Finch loaned it?”
  “No. He gave it.”
VI
THE boss nearly fell over. The
thought of the old miser of Lost
Deer Valley giving fifteen hundred
dollars to any one was incredible—unthink-
able! Black must l>e lying. If not . . .
  Dolan’s eyes narrowed at a new thought.
  “That was two years ago?” he asked.
  Black nodded.
  The boss lashed his memory for the
episodes of two years back. Black had
been present for three years. In the first
one he had acquired a big part of his repu-
tation. The boss remembered Black’s
initial battle, staged right by the bar of
this dance-hall. There were a few low-
voiced sentences between Black and some
cattleman, then a quick reach for guns.
When the lightning of Jim Black's pistol
had struck, the cattleman was beyond
talking forever. What it was all about,
nobody ever knew. They only saw that
Black had fired in legitimate self-defense,
where delay would have been fatal. And
then there were other episodes—several of
them,
  “My fault,” apologized the boss, mostly
to himself. “I oughta kept better track
of tilings. ”
The Boss of Mirage
19
  Of course Finch had paid Black the
money! If Dolan were the most vicious
old miser in the county and saw a chance
to put under obligations a prize gunman,
Dolan might have done the same thing,
even though the cost broke his heart. The
bfl&s was beginning to see into things he had
never dreamed of before. He had known
Finch casually, as he knew many others,
but that was all.
  The wily old boss, however, knew the
political line-ups in the county, and he
knew of certain things that had happened
recently in his vicinity. Certain episodes,
for instance, where men with property had
vanished. He felt now that Black was
implicated in some of them. Also Finch.
He put two and two together and made a
staggering total, but he was not sure yet.
He wished now that he had been less frank
in expressing enmity to Finch. He felt
that, if apparently neutral, he might have
learned more.
  But the boss had declared war; so he
decided to “stand pat.”
  “I’ve got friends, too,” said the giant
quite frankly. “I'm a good deal like you.
If anything happened to some of ’em, I’d
be sorry. Darned sorry. Mebbe I’d grieve
too much and git excited. Then there’d be
regrets all around.”
  Black’s gray eyes showed a flicker, but
he arose quite easily and stretched himself.
  “That’s the way it goes,” he nodded.
“Well, I’ll be going along. Got to see a
friend. So long.”
  The boss understood, and so did Black.
The big man now realized that, if it were
just an ordinary squabble about that little
Lost Deer Valley, things might have been
arranged with honor to both sides— but
Black had been elusive. It showed that a
deliberate program of some sort was being
carried out.
  Beyond Dolan’s doorway stood eighteen
horses and mules hitched to a great wagon
that drew a trailer almost as large as itself—
one of the many counterparts of the
“twenty-mule team” now advertised all
over the country. Twenty mules were
nothing remarkable here. This outfit was
one of Dolan’s freight-teams that voyaged
across the dusty desert miles to the far-
away branch-line railroad, bringing in
merchandise and mails and taking out the
assorted products of small mines and a few
scattered ranches. To this equipage Dolan
soon made his way, holding an envelope
in his hand.
  “Do you know Bill Campbell, down at
the county-seat?” he asked the driver.
  The teamster rolled a quid of tobacco
in his hair-hidden mouth and said he wasn’t
quite sure.
  “He’s a lawyer,” said the boss. “Got an
office in that shanty across from the court-
house. Tall feller. Good-lookin’. Light
hair. Give him this. Savvy?”
  “Yeh,” responded the teamster, indiffer-
ently.
  “Paste it in your hat!” roared the boss.
“That letter goes. See? Don’t forgit
it!”
  In a land where ever}- one is a free citizen,
mandates do not go. A city delivery-man
takes orders. A desert freighter is likely
to wave a hand to the team and say, “Take
’em.” A freighter is a high professional
man with a temperament like a grand-opera
prima-donna. He knows his own value.
This one looked at the boss speculatively
for a moment but decided at length to
accede to the request. Thus Caleb Snow,
teamster, pushed into the desert with the
missive in his hat. He started after noon
so as to reach by evening a certain water-
hole from which he could best start for the
rest of the journey. Dolan had a regular
schedule for his freight-teams.
THE boss met Carlton the next day
in the general merchandise store,
where Dolan generally put in a few
hours supervising his sallow clerk, a waif
he had picked up from nowhere and tried to
train into usefulness. The boss stood at
the hardware counter while Mrs. Carlton
inspected some bolts .of cloth at the tiny
clry-goods nook.
  “Fine gal,” opened Dolan to Carlton,
pointing with his thumb to the wife.
  The engineer agreed with a nod, wonder-
ing what was coming next.
  “How does she like it here?”
  “Oh, so-so.”
  “Lonely for her,” admitted the boss.
“How does she like Black?”
  “Not much. Why?”
  “How long before you can git back to the
valley?” asked the boss, ignoring the other’s
question.
  “About two days. As soon as Jerry
Martin and Bob Arnold can get ready to
go with me. Why?”
20
Adventure
  “Then take the wife along.”
  Carlton read a warning in it.
  “What's the idea?” he asked.
  “Jim Black. Been watchin’ him.
Finch’ll prob’ly git well. Coin’ to a hos-
pital down below, mebbe. May git well.
Savvy?”
  “You mean?”
  “I dunno. Not sure. Anyhow, git her
out of town. If Black likes her, there’s
trouble. If not, means trouble anyhow.
Mebbe Black might hang around a woman
jest to start somethin’. Husband flies off
the handle, mebbe. Brings things to a
show-down. Savvy?”
  “Oh—rats! It sounds too far-fetched!”
The eyes of the old boss narrowed under
their heavy brows.
  “Sure!” he admitted. “Sounds Like melly-
drammy. Only, let’s suppose things.
S’pose you was an old crook. Used a fine
valley to trap suckers. Trapped a lot.
Then a sucker came along who wouldn't
suck. Fought it out. Shot you in the leg.
Hit you with a fence-rail. Watched you
all the time with field-glasses. And s’pose
you had a gunman obliged to you for favors.
Then what?” The boss concluded very
slowly, making each word tell, “And s’pose
you was doin’ a lot of other queer business
and this young sucker was livin’ a mite too
close to you?”
  “Great Scott!” said Carlton. “But what
is this ‘other business’?”
  “Dunno. Mebbe I’ll find out soon. Sent
a letter down to the county-seat to a law-
yer.”
  “You? Dealing with a lawyer?”
  “Yep. Gotta git information. I work
through Bill Campbell. On the quiet.
I’m in bad with the county gang down
below.”
  “County gang?” *
  “Sure. Office-holders. They don’t like
me. Sheriff came up here once to git a
man. The man was innocent. I kicked
the sheriff out. The district attorney came.
I kicked him out. Deputy sheriffs came.
They got kicked out, too.”
  Carlton visualized the exciting picture.
  “Alone?” he asked.
  “No; I had a few huskies with me.
Held off the whole mob till we compermised.
They got the party they wanted. Gave
him a legal trial. Freed him, accordin’ to
agreement. T was made a deputy sheriff.
I am yet. They keep outa here. I keep
outa there. It works fine. More or less,
that is.”
  The engineer was getting a real insight
into the old saloou-man’s power. Here in
this last frontier, where the armed men of
the old West still flourished, Dan Dolan was
judge, jury and executioner. The laws^>f
a county and a State were dispensed—or
dispensed with—according to agreements
made after a free-for-all fight! And yet it
seemed in keeping. It was as natural to
I his country^ as its sage-brush, its rattle-
snakes, its heat and its careless population.
  “Huh,” commented the engineer, “it
must be a line gang of politicians down at
the county-seat!”
  “Fine gang is right!” grunted the boss.
“Cheap crooks. Held office too long.
Think they can git away with anything.
Some day they’ll wake up! But they let
me alone. I’m not in on their deals; they’re
out of mine. Peace rules—mebbe. Think
you’ll take the wife back to your ranch?”
  “I don’t know,” considered Carlton.
“Maybe I will. I’d like to have her with
me, anyhow.”
  “Got plenty money?”
  “Couple of thousand left. I guess I can
pull through.”
  “Plenty more if you want it. Your
credit’s good with me. Go as far as vou
like.”
  “Thanks.”
  Glad of the backing but not wishing to
take advantage of it unless necessary,
Carlton was about to join his wife, who
looked as if she had heard much of the
conversation. She opened her lips to say
something just as a husky, excited man in
corduroys and blue shirt came clattering
through the doorway.
  “Hey, Dolan!” he bawled. “Heard the
news?”
 “No. What?”
  “Cale Snow, your Leamster, was shot dead
at Mesquite Springs!”
vn
THE boss slammed a fist on the
counter. In an instant his face was
red with wrath. The cords on his
bull neck were swollen, while his eyes seemed
like lambent flames. The air seemed to be
charged with electricity.
  “Who did il?” he thundered. “Tell me—
quick!”
The Boss of Mirage
21
  “I don’t know,” said the informant.
‘‘Bob Lange, he was ridin’ by the springs
when he-”
  “Where’s Lange?”
  “Guess he’s over at Toby’s place. He
 jest got in.”
  “Go git him!”
  The informant jumped out. The boss,
occupied with his own sulfuric thoughts,
started walking up and down the one aisle
of his store, forgetting Carlton and every-
thing else. Dolan’s little clerk, who had
been writing in a small cage, peered over
his desk nervously.
  “Gee!” he gulped. “Somebody’s in for
 it!”
  Carlton and his wife turned toward him.
 “Somebody hurt one of the boss’s teams-
 ters before,” said the awestricken clerk.
 “The boss caught the feller that done it
 and broke him in two. With his hands!”
 Dolan happened to look around. The
 clerk ducked his head again just as two
 men came through the front door together.
 One was the informant, and the other was
 a short, stocky, round-faced man with the
 bow legs of a seasoned rider. The boss
 seemed to shoot a question straight into
 his face:
  “Lange, who shot Snow?”
  “1 dunno.”
  “Where’d you find him?”
  “Right alongside the spring. Under the
 mesquite.”
  “Killed?”
  “He cashed in about an hour after I
arrived.”
  “When did you git there?”
  “This momin’.”
  “Where was Aleck Jordan?” This ap-*
parently referred to Snow’s assistant. Some
one usually accompanies every desert-
freighter.
  “1 dunno. No trace of him.”
  “Ran away! I oughta known it! White-
livered skunk! -me; if I ever see him
 again he’ll jun, all right! WTiere was the
 team?”
  “Right by the wagons, with feed-bags
 still on ’em. The harness was off. My
 pardner’s bringin’ 'em in. We rode up to
 the wells this morn in’, and there was that
 team with nobody tendin’ ’em. That
 looked queer; so I hollered. Somebody
 gurgled from the well—you know that
 little spring under the mesquite—and so I
 went hootin’ over there. Snow was lyin’
 on his side, with red under his chest. He
 said ‘Dolan.’ Then he stopped. After
 I’d washed him some, he said:
  “ ‘They come up behind me. Last
night. Two of ’em. In masks. They
made Jordan hop into the desert. Then
they took away my money and a letter in my
hat.’ That was about all. He had a piece
of red bandanna in his hand—here it is.
From what I gather, they stopped and held
him up. Prob’ly they took his gun away.
Mebbe he had another under the wagon-
seat. He made a break for the wagon, I
guess, and then they tried to stop him.
There was signs of a struggle by the wheels.
Then he must ’a’ reached for the other
fellow’s gun and got plugged. He got
some of the mask, though. See it?”
  The stranger handed over a piece of red
bandanna with an exaggerated fleur-de-lis
pattern, torn on two sides. The boss
grabbed it savagely with a queer expres-
sion on his face. Carlton saw something
was coming and turned to his wife.
  “Go back to the hotel!” he whispered.
The girl looked curious but thought it
best to accede.
  The boss was in a storming rage by now.
He did not notice her going. He did not
notice anything except that piece of red
bandanna. He looked at it closely, and
then a cruel smile came to his face.
  “Where’s Tom Yager?” he asked the
informant suddenly.
  “Over at the hotel. Sleepin’ off last
night’s drunk.”
  “Where’s Axel Yager?”
  “I dunno.’' The informant's eyes turned
toward the other jnan. “Wasn’t he over
at Looey Bums’?” he asked. “Seems like
I seen him a short time ago.”
  “Yeh,” said the other.
  “Go over and git him!'' ordered Dolan
to Lange, the short man. “Tell him I
want to see liim about them samples from
his minin’ claim.”
  The messenger was apparently a trusted
friend of Dolans and ran out willingly.
The boss started pacing up and down the
aisle again like an angry lion, shaking his
shaggy head and clenching his great fists.
Carlton kept out of his wav.
  After a time the messenger returned with
another man—a gangling, stoop-shouldered
desert-rat with shifty blue eyes and faded
overalls hanging by one sweaty gallus.
Dolan seemed to control himself instantly
22
Adventure
when the newcomer entered. There was
a set smile on the boss’s face, and he almost
purred. The other men got away from
him, looking nervous.
  “ 'Lo, Yager,” greeted Dolan. “Where
you been lately? Ain’t seen you much.”
  The other answered laconically, and his
side-shifting eyes showed he was ill at ease.
  "Been up to the mine lately?” purred the
boss.
  "Yeh. A few days ago.”
  “Where was you yesterday? Wanted to
see you.”
 "Oh, I was around town. Over at
Looey’s, mostly."
  "Where was you last night?”
  It came like a whip-lash. The man’s
eyes shifted again, and he seemed non-
plused. He was not quick-witted. He
stood there like an oaf, sensing that some-
thing was wrong but not knowing just how
to reply.
  "You was at Mesquite Springs!” thun-
dered the boss.
  Carlton caught his breath. The other
turned white. He put up his hands as if
to fend off something. His jaw drooped,
and his eyes twitched.
  The boss sprang forward like a tiger.
  “I’ve got you now!" he snarled. "Thought
you’d git away with it. With me? With
me? Huh!”
DOLAN’S mighty left arm grasped
the back of the man’s neck. The
right hand reached forward. Its
muscled fingers clutched the throat and
lifted the screeching man off the floor,
flinging him backward pn to the counter.
There was a thud and a squeal. The man’s
eyes were popping from their sockets, and
his face was distorted inhumanly.
  "Who told you to do it?” bellowed the
boss.
  There was a gurgle from the wide mouth
that sounded like a stifled shriek. Dolan
ran a linger along the throat, under the
jaw.
  The man squirmed sicldshly and flailed
his long legs in every direction. Carlton
turned away, wondering what to do.
  "Who told you to kill Snow?” roared the
boss. "Quick! You’ve only got a second
to live!”
  Carlton couldn't stand it any longer.
 "Don’t!” he shouted. "Man alive—
don’tl”
  He dared the ferocious WTath of the boss
and laid a hand on the muscled shoulder,
trying to pull it away.
  “Shut up!’’ roared Dolan, turning his
savage eyes on the engineer. “Git out of
my way—quick!’’ And with one heave of
those powerful shoulders he shoved Carlton
across the aisle.
  Then the boss looked dowTi upon his
victim again. This time his voice was
very soft and smooth.
  “Tell me before I strangle you!”
  “Black!” gasped the suffering man.
  The boss bared his white teeth in a
w'ollish smile.
  "Jim Black!’’ he snarled. “I thought
so! What for? What did he want? Quick
—answer!”
  “Money!” choked the other.
  The boss ran his finger under the jaw
again. The other screeched.
  “A letter! A letter! Snow fought. Oh!
Leggo me!”
  “Was Black there?” insisted the boss.
  “No. It was Lige Hackett.” This re-
ferred to one of the worthless loafers hang-
ing around town.
  Carlton had recovered his "balance, but he
found himself trembling and perspiring as
the result of the fiendish scene he was wit-
nessing. Every nerve in his body was
tingling. He knew the boss was his friend;
he admired Dolan for many things, but
here the boss sickened him. Though the
man probably deserved this punishment,
Dolan’s wTatli was too inhuman, and Carl-
ton feared—knew—that before his eyes a
man’s neck was about to be broken. He
rushed forward with all his desperate
strength and tore at those cruel fingers
madly.
  “Quit it—quit it!” he pleaded. “Dolan
—come out of it! It’s murder—murder!
You’ll be as bad as he is!"
  The savage eyes of the boss glared at him
for an instant, and Carlton wondered if he,
too, were to be a victim; th^n the giant
passed an elbow in front of his eyes. And,
when they were cleared again, they were
sane.
  “Holy smoke!” came the voice of Lange,
behind Carlton, in awTe at the miracle.
  “What the—what do you want me to
do?” roared the boss. "Kiss him?”
  "No, but don’t kill him. You’re a
deputy sheriff. Why not arrest him?”
  The idea seemed to be utterly novel, and
The Boss of Mirage
23
the boss showed quizzical wrinkles about
his eyes.
  “I might,” he ruminated, “but how about
that county gang? Think I want them
cornin’ up here? Nix!”
  “Well, why not take the prisoner down
there?” suggested the engineer.
  The faces of the other men showed queer
smiles. Dolan also began to grin. The
thought of himself descending from his
high rookery in the foot-hills to parade a
prisoner into the county-seat, before the
astonished and nervous gaze of the enemy
politicians, struck the boss’s sense of humor
so that his grin became broad. Carlton
did not realize how deep was the line of
demarcation between the county’s office-
holders and the lord of this foot-hill settle-
ment.
  The engineer could not know of all the
tricks started by the politicians down below
with the purpose of “getting” Dolan for
past disfavors; neither did he ken of certain
crafty efforts to compel a willing but timor-
ous Board of Supervisors to cancel Dolan’s
county liquor license. Carlton was blithely
stepping into the history of fifteen years of
red feud between Dolan, -with his axes to
grind, and the politicians, with their axes
to grind—but he did not know it. Dolan
did.
  “No,” said the boss. “Better leave well
enough alone. I’ll arrest this man and let
some one else take him into town.” He
turned to the prisoner. “Hey, you—
you’re ’rested! Git that? You make a
move, and I’ll ram your heels into the back
of your throat!” The sight of the lout
seemed to make Dolan’s temper rise again.
“What did Black give you for the job?”
he roared suddenly.
  The other shuffled his feet.
  “Nawthin’,” he muttered.
  ‘‘What? Nothin’?” The boss reached
out his hand again. “Quit that lyin’, or
I’ll strangle you again!”
  The other flinched.
  “No!7’ he cried, anxious to appease and
now hasty with explanations. “Black
didn’t give me nothin’. It was Finch. A
long time ago. Finch grub-staked me
four times. He gits his supplies from the
Yampa mine-freighters; so nobody knew
about it. Then he called the debt. He
sez he didn’t want my mine. Sez he
wanted pers’nal service. Later on he sez
fer me to join Black when Black wanted
me. Then Black wanted me.” The man
gulped. “I didn’t intend to do it, but
Black sez it was easy. An’ then Snow
started scrappin’, and—things happened!”
“Yeh,” said Dolan bitterly. “I git you.
I’m gettin’ a lot of things! How long ago
did Finch call the loan?”
  “Oh, six months ago.”
  The boss seemed to ponder for some
time, looking at the floor. Suddenly he
grabbed the man, searched him, swept him
into a little bare cubby-hole in the back of
the store, locked the padlock, stormed
through the door into the dance-hall, took
a sawed-off shotgun from behind the bar,
examined it and then strode outside.
  It all happened so quickly that it left no
time for remarks from the others, and Dolan
seemed to invite none. When it was over,
the two men looked at Carlton and grinned.
  “Phew!” said the bow-legged Lange.
“He’s started now!”
  “Yeh,” agreed the other. “Goin’ after
Lige Hackett, the pal—or mebbe Jim
Black.”
  “Think we’d better follow him?” sug-
gested Carlton.
  “Not on your life! Don’t butt in!” The
man mopped his face with a bandanna.
“Let’s have a drink,” he offered.
  The engineer felt he needed something
just then; so they ambled up to the scarred
old mahogany bar.
MIKE, the bartender, served them
offhandedly. He was telling some
history to a few cattlemen and
could not stop his talk even when the boss
came for a shotgun. Mike was trained
not to interfere with the affairs of others,
and thus he had lived happily and gained
fat for many years.
  “ Yessir,” said Mike, “this here mahogany
bar was once the finest licker-chute in the
whole Southwest, bar none. Yessir! She’s
old and scarred and busted now, but time
was when folks used to cross the hull State
jest to drink here. That was after Dan
Dolan first got known in the countrv. But
he earned it; j'essir, he earned it!* Why,
the things that feller went through to git
that forty-foot piece of mahogany here
would drive a hull regiment plum starin*
crazy! Yessir! Dan Dolan nursed that bar
through three hundred an' eighty miles of
the dog-gonedest country the devil ever
built! Yessirl
24	Adventure
  “How? Why, he jest pulled her here
by the roots! Lemme see—that was about
’seventy-four or live; I forgit wljich. The
boss was jest a kid then—all vim an' go an’
muscle an5 ginger, fightin’ all day an’
dandn’ all night. There was nothin' to
this here town them days—only a few tents
an’ a few mewls an' a few men an' a few
burros. When the boss come, he seen there
was goin’ to be a lot of prospectors an’
ranchers in these parts; so he figgered on
gittin' ready for trade. First thing he
built was a saloon. Then he figgered on
a gen’ral merchandise store, but there wasn’t
no stock hereabouts lor a store; so he went
outside to git things.
  ■'In them days there wasn’t no branch-
line railroad. Only the main line, ’way
north. There wasn’t no road, only a trail.
Well, Dan lit out with twelve mewls an' a
big wagon. After he got to the railroad—
three hundred an' eighty miles in Winter,
gents—he made up his mind that, as long’s
he'd started business, he’d start right. So
along with the other things he orders a
gosh-woUopin’ bar from Saint Looey and
camps down an' waits till she arrives.
  “ Bout three months later that bar
lopes in on a freight-car. The boss had her
set up on the platform, an’, when he seen
how shiny an' line she was, with a lot of
dewdabs an’ dingbats an’ fancy scroll-work,
there was nothin’ on earth could make him
take her down again. D’ye think Dan
Dolan was goin’ to drag jest a lot of boards
around? No. sir; no style to that! He
wanted to advertise her. and he did. It
got so that the hull darned country up there
wanted to keep the bar; so he loaded her
on to the wagon quiet, pertected the wood-
work with sacks, tied her well down and
then pulled out fer home, with ten feet of
that bar stickin' out of the wagon.
  “The boss started from here with ten
men. Sort of an escort of honor. He
started back with twelve—two volunteers.
The men rode on lop of the bar. and the wet
goods an’ merchandise was packed under-
neath. maltin' a neat little cargo. Well,
this here parade went along line till up in
the Juniper Mountains some fool emptied
his pipe through the vents in the bar.
Underneath some licker had got loose; so
after the fire was out most of the mer-
chandise was overboard and the bar was
considerable black in spots, but still she
was there, and that w^as all the boss wanted
  “There was a bunch of Injuns on the
war-path about that lime over in western
Nevada. They scattered into little war-
parties to raise as much-as possible,
and one of these here parties run into Dan
an’ the l>ar. The boys lifted the tiling off'n
the wagon an’ made a little fort out of it
till the Injuns got de-pressed and lit out—
them that was left. The rest is there
yet,
  “Dan’s party was all shot up. Six men
was gone; two more was down; seven mewls
had drifted to heaven; the bar was full of
holes, an’ Dan Dolan was ragin’ mad.
They say it took him two days to cool
down. He wanted to chase them Injuns
all over Nevada for pluggin’ his bar.
  “Finally the boss reorgnized himself, an’
they started off again with everything
overlx>ard but the bar, seven men an’ a
fewr overloaded mewls. The boss had his
jaw set then. It looked like luck was trvin’
to beat him; so he swore to git that mahog-
any here if he had to drag it! But, except
for an axle or two breakin’ here an’ there
an' gittin' bogged down in the mountains
when the rain come, everything went along
so-so till they came to Mud Creek.
  “A big cloudburst arrived that evenin’,
sent forty billion gallons of water down
Mud Creek all at once, scooped out five
thousand acres of Mud Creek Canon an’
sent that bar ten miles down-stream!
  “Dolan swore enough bad language to
supply the State for twenty years, but still
he wouldn’t let go of that bar! Three men
went down-stream an' was never seen
again. Dolan an’ three others got the
animals to higher ground an’ watched the
wagon an’ bar breeze away at fifty miles per
hour, an’ still the boss wouldn’t give in!
  “When daylight come, the waters was
down some, an' the !x>ss found his wagon
’way down-stream. draped around a tree
that w as standin’ upside dow n. The other
fellers pried the wagon loose, but the boss
kept after that bar. He found her nice
polished top grindin’ the face off a half-acre
granite boulder, but still he'd found her, an’
that was what he wanted. Then another
trouble came. One of the comer-posts
had worked loose an’ was gone. That
meant tacklin' about twenty thousand
acres of swampy ground, lookin’ for that
post. But he found her, gents. It took
three days, but he found her! She’s right
under my foot now, gents—old style
The Boss of Mirage
25
mahogany and four foot wide—an’ that was
twenty-live years ago!
  “Well, in about a week he had that bar
up on the wagon, and they started off again.
There was only three of 'em then because
one had got too far into the swamp-waters.
There was only four mewls; there was
notiiin’ but rope for harness; there was no
provisions, no terbacker, no hope—but they
still had that bar!
  “Well, after livin’ on the country—
mostly jack-rabbit—this here procession
got within a hundred miles of home. The
boss was startin’ to feel better when up by
Sandy Mountain, on the Nevada line, the
off hind wheel of the wagon curled up an’
quit forever. Jest resigned unanimous.
Well, the boss, he sat on a rock an' swore
so bad he twisted the tails on the mewls,
but do you think that fellow’d quit? No,
sir! That bar was cornin’ into Mirage if
he had to bite it into chunks an’ bring the
pieces in his teeth! Yessir!
  '‘They pried some boards under the axle
to make a sling, but, when they tried to
start, them four mewls couldn’t budge the
thing. Sand was up to the hubs, anyhow.
There the boss was stuck again; so he
breezed out for some more animals. There
was a peaceful Injun camp a few miles
away where they had a lot of young hosses.
The boss tried to dicker, but they couldn't
savvy the lingo; so he borried them colts,
anyhow.
“WHEN Dan Dolan got them
eight wild Injun mustangs hitched
to them four mewls an’ that wagon,
things begun to happen. Yessir! First
thing Dan knew, that bar was makin’ sixty
miles per hour, bumpin’ over rocks, boulders
an' crags, with the hosses kickin’ an’ trvin’
to go in every direction an’ Dan trvin’ to
hold ’em down. He fell off once an’ got
dragged. He lost his last terbacker, lost
his matches, lost his watch, lost his temper,
lost his shirt an’ most of his pants, but still
he hung on to that bar. One feller got slid
off for good, but they wasn’t stoppin’ jest
then fer anything. They jest ripped an’
snorted an’ rattled an’ banged along them
trails like a drunken comet!
  “They got within fifty miles of here
when the outfit struck a chuck-hole. Dan
says that was the most gosh-wollopin’
chuck-hole ever invented, and she jest
happened to be in the wrong place. She
was a big crack where the trail quits cornin’
down-hill, turns quick, an' starts up-hill.
Dan’s brakes w'as gone an’ them mustangs
swept dowm that hill like a stampede—each
animal with his ears back, his eyes wild
an’ his tail stickin" straight out, humpin’
along like greased lightnin’, with Dan
pullin’ an’ sweatin' like a wild man. When
that outfit hit that chuck-hole—bang!
Kindlin’-wood!
  “Dan came to with a gash in his shoulder,
a piece of rope in his hands an’ that bar
standin’ on end, laughin’ at him. Then
the boss really got mad—so mad he couldn’t
even swear. But did he give up? No, sir;
he was jest startin’!
  “The mustangs was gone fer good.
Mebbe they was the daddies of that band
of wild hosses folks sometimes see up in the
Smoke Range country. Also, the mewds
was gone. They’d come home a-rampin.
What did Dan do, you say? Why, the boss
walked in here with no shirt an’ mostly no
pants, rested one night an’ then collected
an outfit the next day for the grand entry.
There w’asn't many wagons here then.
Only one old cart an’ some spare wheels.
So the boss took that cart, took them
wiieels, took eight mewls, took three men
an’ started out to git that bar.
  “Yessir, you’ve guessed it. He used
the cart fer the front, put the spare wheels
right on to the bar an’ sailed her into
Mirage one day like he was the King of
Spain returning from a victory! Proud?
Haughty? Why, all he needed was a
nigger to fan him so’s he’d look like Cle-
opatry on that there barge, like the picture
over there. Yessir! Half the town’s folks
was gone; most of the mewls was'dead; the
bar looked like scrambled eggs, and the boss
was all busted up an’ caved in—but Dan
Dolan got that bar into Mirage! Yessir.
She was rebuilt, an' she’s right here in front
of you. Your pleasure, gents!”
  “But,” interrupted one of the men,
“how did Dolan get the stock to go with
the bar?”
  “How?" demanded the bartender scorn-
fully. “Howr? Why, he started right back
an’ done it all over again with the supplies!
That s how he done it! There’s some people
can be made to quit, gents, but the boss,
he belongs to another family. Yessir!
Yes—sir!”
  Underneath it all, Carlton wondered at
the misguided tenacity and misdirected
26
Adventure
heroism which would cause a sane man
to suffer so nobly for such an utterly worth-
less cause. And yet, still further under-
neath—was it worthless? As the voluble
old bartender intimated, the incident ad-
vertised Dan Dolan and his goods through-
out the Southwest and laid the foundations
for a power which now seemed to hold this
district in the hollow of one mighty hand.
  Thus in its last analysis the thing was a
masterpiece of business acumen, and yet—
the man who had shown such acuteness was
probably out now, laying all his brains
aside, bringing himself into the gutter with
the rest and giving vent to his dangerous
passions by committing murder with a shot-
gun! Carlton was not sure, but he thought
he had heard a muffled report from some-
where outside during the bartender’s nar-
rative.
  The men drank in silence, as if waiting
for something to happen. The engineer
took a small drop for sociability, then
turned and looked outside the door toward
the ramshackle street. A shadow crossed
Dolan’s board walk; then heavy footsteps
sounded upon it. The boss strode in
with the shotgun still in his hand, looking
neither to right nor left. He passed behind
the bar, threw the gun open, tossed out an
empty shell, blew down the barrel, threw
in a fresh cartridge and put the weapon
under the bar. After which he wiped his
hands on his trousers.
  “Well, what happened?” asked Carlton.
  “Got him,” grunted Dolan.
  “WTio?” they all chorused.
  “Yager’s pal. Lige Hackett.”
  “Dead?” asked the engineer.
  “Yeh. He reached for a gun.”
  It was a calm, easy statement. Carlton
couldn't admire that side of his friend. It
gave him the chills. Also, there were con-
sequences to consider. Though the old
free-and-easy customs were still in effect
here, the laws of the State were gaining
ground daily and must be reckoned with.
And then Carlton remembered that Dolan
was “in bad*’ with certain persons “down
below” at the county-seat. And the boss
had taken the law into his own hands.
  “Well,” surmised the engineer slowly,
“I suppose we’ll have investigations and
things. The folks down below will all be up
here.”
  “They will not!” scorned the boss.
  “How do you make that out?”
  There was the old, shrewd, satisfied ex-
pression on Dolan’s face that showed he
had not laid his brains aside after all.
  “Confound it,” roared the boss, “Didn’t
you remind me I was a deputy sheriff?
Well, then Hackett died legal. He died
resistin’ an officer!’'
VIII
IT WAS a clincher. The genial old
thug was so satisfied about his flaw-
less act of manslaughter that Carlton
could only gasp. He felt himself coming
under the spell which made the others
bestow upon the boss an awe that was tinged
with admiration or fear, according to the
view-point. In a way the engineer was be-
ginning to be nervous about Dolan. It was
like asking water to put out a fire and
receiving a cloudburst. Carlton began to
wonder how it was all going to end. Then
he started wondering how it began.
  “Arc—are you sure you got the right
man?” he asked at length.
  “Sure? Why, didn’t Axel Yager say
Hackett helped to kill Snow?”
  “Yes. Yes. I heard that. But how
did you know Yager was the right man?”
“Didn’t he confess?”
  “Yes. But how’ did vou know before
that?”
  The boss leaned across the bar and spoke
very patiently.
  “Didn’t I tell you once I was a merchant?
Yeh. You remember. Well, 'bout twelve
years ago I got a lot of bandannas. One
set had a fioor-dc-lee pattern. I sold ’em
out years ago, ’ceptin’ one. Jest one. I
put her away among the old stock. She
roosted there for years. Then two weeks
ago the Yager brothers came in for a
bandanna. I served 'em myself. I was
out of the stuff right then; so I dug around,
Found that one. Sold it to Tom or Axel,
I forgit which. She was the only floor-de-
lee in the whole county. The pattern went
out years ago. Then Snow got killed. He
had hold of that rag. It was Tom or Axel
killed him, but I didn’t know which. Tom
was slecpin’ off a long jag; so it was Axel.
See? I t’s simple to guess things when you’re
a merchant, son!”
  Carlton gave in. The boss was too much
for him. As a deputy sheriff Dolan had
completed a comfortable killing; as a mer-
chant he had tracked down a murderer, and
The Boss of Mirage
27
as a saloon-keeper he had provided for the
shooting of Ebenezer Finch. Carlton won-
dered what other jobs or positions he
held.
  “Did you meet up with any one else?”
asked the engineer, meaning jim Black.
  “No.” The face of the boss skewered
into perplexed wrinkles again. “Come into
the store, Carlton; I want to see you.”
  The curious engineer followed him back to
the environment of barter and sale, and the
boss leaned against a pile of blue overalls.
  “Black's beat it. What do you make of it
all?” asked Dolan, assured of privacy here.
  “I don't know,” admitted the engineer.
“It seems as if one tiling has led to another.
I know it isn’t all about my little valley,
anyhow.”
  “No. That’s a side issue. Finch got
you in; then somethin’ came along bigger
than you. Then he wanted you out quick.
He tried the old boss game, but it wouldn’t
work. Takes too much time, anyhow.
So he got Black on your trail. He wanted
to git you out quick. Why? I’ll tell you.
It's because there’s somethin’ big doin’
in this county, and he’s got a finger in it.
It's crooked, or he'd be out of it. Black’s
in it, too. Now, what is it, and where’s
Black gone to?”
  “Maybe to the county-seat.”
  Dolan nodded.
  “I think, so. Prob’ly lit out as soon’s he
seen my note to Lawyer Campbell, after
Snow died. He must have watched me
talkin’ to Snow. I gave the letter to Snow,
and he seemed careless about it; so I yelled
at him. Black must have thought it was
important. Mebbe he wanted to know
how much I knew. That’s how Snow got
killed." The boss pondered for a moment.
“Funny thing—I didn’t know that letter
was important myself!”
  “What?”
  “Naw. I jest took a guess. I was
gropin’ in the dark. Do you know what
was in that note? I jest asked Campbell
to look over the county records. Wanted
to see how much land Finch or Black
owned in this country’.”
  “What got that idea into your head?”
“Because,” said the boss,* “there’s been
some funny doin’s in this county for the past
year, and I didn't pay much ’terition to them,
because I had my own troubles. I was
asleep at the switch. When you came into
the country7, you woke me up. I pulled
you along because I wanted to see what
was doin’. Then I begun to see there was
more goin’ on than I ever dreamed of. I
got to rememberin’ backward to certain
happenin’s where men took up land around
here and then blew away'. D’ye begin to
see?”
  Carlton saw. The boss abandoned his
choppy language and talked straight, and
the engineer was struck between the eyes
by the revelation.
  “There’s been a big land-grabbing deal
here, and Finch is in it. I see. But what's
the purpose of it? And what is there
crooked in that?”
  Dolan answered the last question first
“Nothin’—mebbe. Only, there was a
couple of people owed Finch money’ and
disappeared. They’ was friends of mine.
Good friends. They blew away sudden. I
didn't know they" owed Finch money. I
ain’t sure yet. I only got rumors long after
they went. But if the county records show
that Finch has their property-”
  The boss closed his fingers into a mighty
fist and looked down upon it.
  “Savvy? Supposin’ there was other folks
like that all over the county? How should
I know? People come and go. And sup-
posin’ there was a lot of prospectors tradin’
at the Yampa mine store? Finch owns
stock in the Yampa. I hear. Suppose them
prospectors had hard luck and ran up bills
they" couldn’t pay*? S'pose Finch asked
for pers’nal service? Suppose there was a
lot of dummy homesteaders in these lands
around here? What do you think of it?”
CARLTON did not know what to
think. In fact, it was hard to con-
ceive that the drooling old slouch of
Lost Deer Valley could amount to so much.
The tiling looked incongruous. And yet.
with Finch in combination with the suave
Jim Black, money- an^l unscrupulousness
were hand in hand, forming the age-old
alliance against which honest men have
battled for centuries.
  "Why did Black go to the county-seat?”
blurted Carlton. “That is, if he went
there?”
  “I don't know. Mebbe that’ll be for
you to find out.”
  “Me?”
  “Yes, you. When Black seen what was
in that note to Campbell, he streaked out
That s what it looked like, anyhow. So
28
Adventure
I'm goin’ to send that note to Campbell
again, by you. Savvy?”
  The engineer thought of his wife, his
ranch and all the other elements which
claimed his attention.
  “But how can I leave here?” he argued.
“Take your wife,” grunted Dolan. “The
trip'll do her good. Weather's cool now.
Take Bob Lange and Phil Johnson with
you. Take the pris’ner to the sheriff.
I’ll deputize you. It might be a good idea
for you to git acquainted down below,
anvhow.”
 “Why?”
  “Oh, I dunno,” said the boss vaguely.
“It may come in handy. You’re a per-
fesh’nul man. Helps business. Them two
hired men can ’tend to your ranch. No
trouble possible now. Finch is sick in bed.”
Carlton felt that he was being wafted
along in the tide of Dolan’s will, playing a
part in some larger drama than he suspecLed,
with the boss pulling the strings. And yet
he went. Dolan’s logic was good, and
Carlton w'as impelled by curiosity to visit
the county-seat, anyhow.
  Thus on the next morning, with his khaki-
clad wife astride a big black horse, Carlton
started out at the head of his cavalcade.
Under the engineer’s khaki Norfolk jacket
a short-barreled Colt nestled in a holster.
Somewhere in a pocket of the girl’s skirt
was a little two-barreled derringer, but the
other two travelers wore franker weapons,
swinging over the hips of their overalls.
Only the silent prisoner was unarmed. The
party was ready for anything.
  But nothing happened. No skulking
figures lurked in ambush in the long, sunny
vistas of sage-brush and greasewood, nor
in the rocks and w’ashed-out canons of the
foot-hills, nor in the miles of mesquite and
yucca-palms. Cool winds made the trip
easy, and they ambled along as if on a
picnic, taking thei* time and putting up at
scattered ranch-houses at night. Even the
prisoner caused no trouble. The others
were armed and had better horses, and
during the rests they stood guard over him.
  They arrived at the county-seat late in
the morning, heading for the county' jail
behind the ramshackle old court-house, upon
whose top stood a flagpole and a decorative
wooden statue of the period of 1870, once
chastely attractive but now grimy and
lacking a nose and two hands. Horses and
buggies went up and down the unpaved
main street. Others were alined along the
hitching-racks. Wagons arrived with goods
from near-by ranches, winding pasta Yampa
mine freight-team standing in front of a
blacksmith shop, with the leaders of its
fourteen big mules jingling bells from their
collars at every movement.
  Cow-punchers rode about the street or
loafed among the season’s remaining flies
where the board sidewalk jutted into the
roadway. The dingy old glass fronts of the
busy little stores advertised the wares in a
way, but the main attractions were sacks of
oats and bales of hay lying by each open
door and displaying the latest market
quotations on signs done crudely in lamp-
black.
  The whole town was a living contrast.
It was dreamy and bustling, civilized and
half-savage, modem and bucolic, as if the
new West and old West were being intro-
duced to each other here. A prospector,
toting many weapons and wearing the long
hair of a Buffalo Bill, led his two burros
up to a store and mopped his broad-
brimmed sombrero.
  A man in gray business clothes and a
derby hat went past him into the same store.
A cow-puncher in white angora “chaps,”
displaying guns and cartridge-belt, doffed
his hat to a schoolmaam in white, while a
yelping dog-fight around the corner brought
forth denizens from four saloons, including
two brisk Eastern commercial travelers
and three Indians wearing giddy red
blankets.
  To Carlton and the girl it seemed like a
return to the outside world. They did not
realize what hermits they had been in their
little vallev. Here the roadway had trees—
actual umbrella and locust trees, while up
above there wasn't a tree for miles, except
in Carlton’s own valley. Here there wras a
garden or two, with little white-painted
houses nestling among them. The sight
made them realize the community feeling
thev had lacked.
  The party registered at the old-fashioned
wooden hotel set within wide verandas,
and then Carlton and Bob Lange brought
the prisoner to the county jail, where the
lean-faced, mustached sheriff recovered
from his surprize, put the prisoner behind
bars and shot a string of questions at
Carlton.
  The engineer told him a straightforward
story about the prisoner’s confession but
The Boss of Mirage
29
neglected to speak of the other angles,
acting on advice from Dolan. 1 he sheriff
finally scratched his head.
  ••But why did the feller kill Snow?” he
asked. “What was the motive?”
  “Maybe it was robbery.”
  “Huh! All a freighter has is a whip an’
a chaw of terbacker! Fat chance! I guess
Dolan’s fell down. Gotta have better
motives than that to work on!”
  The engineer moved a bit so the light
from the window would fall squarely on
the sheriff’s face. He was about to “spring
something,” and he wanted to observe every
move of the man’s expression.
  “Snow’s murder was ordered by Jim
Black!” he announced very' quietly.
  “Hey?”
  The sheriff’s face underwent a trans-
formation for only a fraction of an instant,
but in that time Carlfbn learned what he
sought. There was some connection be-
tween this member of the “county gang”
and the mysterious gunman of Mirage!
  “Them's strong words, young man!”
snapped the sheriff. “It might be hard to
prove! ’Course, I don’t know this Black
very well, but still he’s a citizen, and such
remarks might land you in a peck o’
trouble!”
  Carlton shrugged his shoulders.
  “I didn’t charge it,” he retorted. “The
prisoner confessed it himself.”
  “Who to?”
  “Dan Dolan.”
  “Yeh. But how many witnesses?”
  “Three.”
  “Humph.” The sheriff seemed to cogi-
tate for some time, looking at the floor.
“I guess we’ll have to ’vestigate this.
You’re stayin’ at the hotel? All right.
You’ll be on hand if we want you. See
you later.”
  And with this easy dismissal the sheriff
went through the door into the cells, and
Carlton and his companion, feeling as if
something were wrong somewhere, walked
out of the place thoughtfully.
FACING the court-house was a
little one-story red-painted office,
and a sign over the door bore the
legend: “William J. Campbell, Attorney
at Law.” Carlton headed for this place
alone but found it locked. He learned
that Campbell would return later; so the
engineer went back toward the hotel,
which was off the main street. He turned
a comer. He passed a cottage and then
a big hav-barn. Suddenly a man came
around the barn and almost bumped into
him. It was Jim Black!
  They halted in surprize. The two men
appraised each other for a second; then
Black decided to speak.
  “Howdy!” he said. “What brings you
here?”
  “Why, I’m just looking around the
country.”
  “Huh. How far have you looked?”
  “Far enough.”
  The gray, calculating eyes of the killer
seemed to flash, but there was no overt act.
Black merely changed the subject a little.
  “Heard you brought in a prisoner," he
commented.
  “That’s correct.”
  “Who was it?”
  “Axel Yager.”
  Though Carlton watched Black closely,
the man did not seem as surprized as he
should be.* He merely nodded his head.
“Dolan sent you?” he asked.
  “Yes.”
  “I see. Dolan sent you in. Well! Are
you aimin’ to mix into local politics any?”
The question brought the engineer’s quick
temper boiling to the surface. Carlton
took it for a sneer and resented it. He was
sick of this Jim Black person, anyhow. He
had lived under a mental strain because of
the Jim Black myth that seemed to hold a
whole population in awe, and now he had a
fascination to reach into that myth and see
what it was made of.
  “What's it to you?” he flared. “I’ll do
as I-please!”
  The outburst had an opposite effect to
the one expected. Black put his hands in
his pockets and seemed to cogitate. With-
out Carlton knowing it, the other was con-
sidering whether to discommode his impor-
tant affairs just then and entangle with this
pesky engineer, with possible embarrass-
ments up-country, or wait till all his present
absorbing business affairs were disposed of.
  “It’s nothing to me,” he replied mildly at
length. “I was just wonderin’. I thought
it’d be better for all hands if you didn't.”
  “I will be the judge of that!”
  “Sure; sure. Go to it Right to the end
of the road. Go to it. Just so!” And.
waving an ironic hand, he turned and
walked away, leaving the bewildered
30
Adventure
engineer standing there and wondering
whether Jim Black were overestimated or
underestimated.
  Campbell was in when Carlton appeared
at his office later, and with the attorney was
a florid-faced, well-dressed, bald-headed
man with shrewd eyes, introduced as Lu-
cius Van Dorn, representing interests “look-
ing into the mines hereabouts.”
  ‘•I’d like you to take him into your coun-
try when you go back/' said Campbell.
“He wants to look at the Yampa mine and
the other properties around there.”
  The tall, pleasant-faced attorney had
read Dolan’s terse note And also an enclo-
sure concerning ihe engineer. When the
reading w-as over, he seemed very thought-
ful.
  “Tell me all about it,” he invited.
Carlton looked at Van Dorn, but the lat-
ter seemed thoroughly comfortable in his
chair. Campbell caught the glance.
  “Go ahead,” he said. “Van Dorn's a—
friend of mine. He wants to know the gen-
eral situation up-country, anyhow. I told
him it wfas a tough neighborhood. Maybe
you'll make him believe it.”
  Still a bit wary because of the third per-
son, but accepting Campbell’s judgment,
Carlton sat down and gave a detailed ac-
count of much that had happened since
first he went into his little valley. At the
end of it Campbell whistled.
  “Phew! That's a pretty mess! I can
hardly make head or tail of it! I won-
der—I wonder if Dolan’s intercepted note
has anything to do with certain powwows
the court-house bunch held last night with
some strangers. They kept the lights burn-
ing all night. There’s something big in the
wind, but—hello! Who’s there?”
  A knock rapped on the door, but before the
attorney could open it the sheriff turned the
knob and walked in, followed by a chubby
deputy. The sheriff wasted no time on
formalities.
  “Hey!” he bawled to Carlton. “What
sort of goin’s-on are you havin’ up in your
country, anyhow? What are you doin’?
Puttin’’ up a game on me?”
  “Game?” challenged Carlton, rising from
his chair. “What are you talking about?”
“What game?” The sheriff grinned
shrewdly. “Why, bringin’ down a pris’ner
that confessed to murder because he was
bein’ choked to death! Tell me. Did Dan
Dolan strangle this man or not?”
  “Dolan tried to get the truth out of
him!” snapped Carlton.
  “Yell.” Sarcastically. “Truth! Why,
if I was choked like that, I'd of confessed to
killin’ President Lincoln! So would you!
Truth! Gosh! And then Dolan has the
cold crust to send this man down here as
pris’ner on a charge of murder, after Dolan
himself killed that Hackett feller with a
shotgun! Say!” The sheriff was getting
excited. “What—what sort of a slam-bang
place have you fellers got up there, anyhow'?
Ain’t there no law' or order there at all? Is
the whole district jest one floatin' insane
asylum? How’d you happen to come into
this? How’d you come into cahoots with
Dolan?”
  “I’m not in cahoots with any one!” rasped
Carlton. “Dolan’s a friend of mine. Un-
derstand? He asked me to take a prisoner
down here, and I’v£ done it. If you have
anything to say to Dolan, go up there and
say it yourself!”
  “Say it?” roared the sheriff. “It w'oiddn't
do no good! That feller’s got a brain like
marble! The only thing he’ll listen to is a
grand jury indictment!”
  “What for?'' demanded the attorney.
“For everything! It might be for mur-
der an’ conspircy to railroad this feller,
Axel Yager, to the pen'tentiary! We’ve
had enough of Dolan in this country!”
“Well, go up and tell him so,” invited
Carlton.
  The sheriff waved it away angrily.
  “As for you, young feller,” he snapped,
“you’d better neglect to say much about
Jim Black promptin’ any one to kill Snow!
There’s nothin’ in it. Nothin’. See? I
I jest seen Jim Black.”
  “I knew you would,” nodded Carlton.
The sheriff did not know' which way to
take the remark; so he let it go. Campbell
broke in upon him.
  “Then you’re going to let Yager go?” he
asked.
  “Going to? No. I done it already!”
“On his own recognizance, I suppose?”
“Sure. The district attorney advised it.
What is there to hold him on?”
  Carlton’s brain w*as working fast. He
remembered how placid the prisoner had
been during his march into the countv-seat
and wondered if the man believed he was to
come among friends. Considering that a
murder charge was hanging over his head,
the man’s docility had been remarkable!
The Boss of Mirage
3i
  “Then my trip was all for nothing!” he
murmured.
  “Sure. What else could it be? The
whole thing's wrong. Everything’s wrong
with Dolan in it. You tell that feller I
want to see him. If he don’t come down in
a few days, we’ll go up after him! We'll
straighten out that buzzard-roost, or we’ll
know why!”
  Attorney Campbell pointed a mandatory
finger.
  “Sheriff,” he said, “you may do as you
see fit. I see no reason to interfere with
your duty—or with your personal grudges.
I only want to warn you that, if the prison-
er is guilty, you have laid yourself open to
serious charges as an official of this county!”
“I’ll take the advice of the district
attorney on that. I ain’t goin’ to you for
advice; that’s certain!”
  ••No,” said the attorney. “And it’s too
bad. Well, good day!”
  “Hey?”
  “I said good day!”
  The sheriff thought it over for a moment,
then took the hint. Silence ensued. Van
Dorn, who had not stirred a muscle before,
began mopping his fat face and bare fore-
head.
  “By George!” he exclaimed. “This is
the most interesting country I ever got into.
Do you stage these rows every day?”
  “Every other day,” smiled Campbell.
“It’s just routine business now. Some
day —” and his face lighted a bit—“we’ll
have a new deal in this county, and then
she'll begin to be worth while.”
  “What's the big trouble?” asked Van
Dorn.
  “Stick-in-the-mud ideas. New-fangled
tilings—like better roads or power lines or
sewer systems—bring in new folks, new
manners of running things and possibly
higher taxes. These are the main troubles,
except for crookedness, and that's hard to
prove. If I went into these courts with
anything but iron-clad, riveted, absolutely
proven cases, I’d be laughed out of court;
so I’m stuck. The whole county’s con-
trolled—even down to the janitor in the
court-house.”
  The illuminating talk struck Cariton
amidships. Carlton was one of those “new-
fangled” arrivals with “new-fangled" ideas.
It was a minor point, but it was just an-
other mite of e\idence pointing toward a
connection between the county politicians
and the slouchv old miser of Lost Deer
Valley.
  “You folks stay here,” finished Camp-
bell, reaching for his hat. “I’m going over
to the court-house to look at those records
for Dolan. He must be playing some
hunch. Make yourselves at home.” And
he vanished through the door.
  With Campbell well on his errand, Van
Dorn started asking shrewd questions about
Dolan’s country, keeping up the conversa-
tion while Carlton kept his eye on the big
old clock ticking on the dingy wall over a
rack of California reports and other law
books banked up from the desk. An hour
passed. Then Campbell strode through
the doonvav, laid his hat carefully over his
ink-well and turned to the other two.
  “Dolan will not get his information,” he
announced. “Part of the county records
have been ‘accidentally mislaid.’ ”
LX
BACK again in the valley. With
Finch lying in a far-off hospital,
with the knowledge that Dolan's
weighty backing was always ready and
with his own strength coming up gloriously
so that he little resembled the failing man
who had arrived months before, Carlton
again took up the work of completing his
little ranch under the copper mountain, just
as if the water were tumbling down Lost
Deer Creek already.
  In the upper valley, across the old
picket-fence which marked liis meadows
from Finch's, the engineer could see horses
and mules placidly- grazing, attended only
by Finch’s half-witted employee and by a
few others who came at times to help out.
To all outward signs the valley was the
abode of peace and pastoral beauty.
Autumn leaves were beginning to fail off
the oak trees: wild geese from some un-
known habitat flew southward to their
Winter homes; scudding clouds appeared in
the once-burning skies, and cool winds
soughed through pines, oaks, willows and
the long, dry grass of the meadowrs. Inside
the house the young wife kept a stove going
almost steadily, feeding it from piles of
cord-wood stacked up in a newly-built
woodshed.
  Carlton worked from mom to night, re-
pairing fences, fixing old roofs, improving
the fields and putting odd hours into that
32
Adventure
system of irrigating ditches on which he had
set his mind. With a transit he first ran
levels along the inner rim of the hills, using
one of his helpers as a rodman and placing
stakes so as to form a gentle grade for the
ditch. Then he started work, digging into
the ground, blasting away rocks and pine-
stumps and building gates and laterals to
connect the little toy ditches of the future
with the main irrigation system. He found
his muscles growing stronger daily and his
mind becoming keener. He enjoyed every
minute of it.
  Sometimes Carlton went outside and sur-
veyed boundaries for others, suaightening
out disputes concerning property lines,
which were often in helter-skelter condition.
In this way he became well acquainted
throughout the district, meeting all sorts of
men, some of them belonging to the pic-
turesque days of Bret Harte and others
hailing recently from Michigan or'Missouri
or Iowa. They were the fruits of the work
of the Western railroads in offering “colo-
nist rates” and attracting the great popula-
tion of settlers which was even then be-
ginning to make the new West. Some of
them went to the cities; some to the rich
farm-lands, and some of the more adven-
turous, willing to “take a chance,” drifted
into the desert.
  But Carlton gained the greatest collec-
tion of new acquaintances through his short
visit to the county-seat. After the episode
when Campbell learned that the county
records had been secreted, the lawyer had
taken the engineer about and introduced
him to acquaintances who had happened in
from all corners of the county. Some of
these met Carlton’s wife also. They were
mine-owners from the Black Rock country,
to the east; ranchers from the southern flat-
lands about Escalante Creek and W'illow
Creek; hay and grain traders from the
alfalfa tracts surrounding the county-seat,
and prospectors from all the hills and
valleys.
  Campbell had not t ried to regain the lost
records. He explained that he did not wish
to seem too eager; so he put in the rest of
the time going around with Carlton. The
meeting of Van Dorn and Lhe guiding of
that stout personage and two of the latter’s
Eastern friends to Mirage were mere inci-
dents. He had left them with Dolan.
  A month went by without happenings in
the valley and apparently with none out-
side. Even the sheriff had not made good
his threat to “clean Dolan out.” Carlton’s
little place was changing. A cow, a big
collie dog, two kittens, five ducks and two
ddzen chickens added life to the place and
made it more homelike. He had brought
them in from “down below,” and in his
heart he felt they constituted a sort of chal-
lenge. They made for a permanent resi-
dence, as if Jim Black and Ebenezer Finch
never existed.
  And then Finch came back.
  He rode by on a sorrel mare just at night-
fall one day, trailing two pack-mules laden
with supplies and bringing a nondescript
hired man in faded overalls, who paid no at-
tention to the Carlton domicile but plugged
right along for the upper ranch. Finch,
however, seemed to take an interest in the
Carlton improvements, noting the new
woodshed, chicken-coops and cow-bam with
appreciative eyes that peeped out from un-
der an antiseptic bandage. He even nodded
to Carlton, but the latter kept about his
business.
  The engineer sensed that there would be
further complications when Finch arrived,
and there were. A week later Finch
strolled across Lhe meadow and approached
the little green picket-fence of the garden,
waving a white handkerchief somewhat
ironically. Carlton was washing his face
behind the kitchen and strolled forth with a
towel in his hand.
  “Well, what do you want?” he de-
manded, across the fence.
  “Why—I sorter felt I'd like to have a little
neighborly talk with ye,” answered Finch
with the old persuading, wheedling, whining
voice. “I thought mebbe as haow we might
be able to patch up them little troubles so’s
we'd be right friendly again. There hain’t
been a hoss or a mewl pizened since I went
away, and 1 calc’lateyou been right neigh-
borly abaout it. I thought mebbe you’d
changed your mind; so I sez to myself, sez I,
‘Let bygones be bygones;’ so I come over
here to make things friendly again.”
  “That’s kind of you,’' nodded Carlton.
“Didn’t I say once I'd probably shoot you
on sight?”
     FINCH waggled the white rag
isIS hastily.
         “You was all excited an’ ruffled
up,” he deprecated. “A pusson's li'ble to
say anything when he’s that way. But,
The Boss of Mirage
33
sez I, ‘A soft answer turneth away wrath;’
so I’m a-trvin’ to make things neighborly
again. Now abaout them hosses.” Finch
waved them away. “It wasn’t the loss,
it was only the principle of the thing. It
don’t look friendly to pizen hosses. You
kin see that yourself. But now we kin forgit
them tilings—that is, if you want to stay
here. Mebbe you don’t want to.”
  Finch’s eyes showed a crafty look.
  “Let me’ hear your offer,” demanded
Carlton tersely.
  “Well—you been right decent abaout
that stock while I was away in the hors-
pittle; so I calc’late I kin skeer up mebbe
six thousan’ or so-”
  “I paid eight thousand!” reminded Carl-
ton.
  “Well, you couldn’t expect me to give
that much, considerin’ me bein’ sick with
eary-sipilis with all sorts of doctor bills and
a danged white nurse that cost me twenty-
five dollars a week. Tain’t fair. I’m a
sick man. You wouldn’t take advantage
of me bein’ sick, would you?”
  The wheedling, self-pitying whine made
Carlton want to hit the man.
  “Your price is too low!” he snapped.
“Well-—’tain’t exac’ly the right thing to
take advantage of a sick man that hain’t
hisself yit; it seems like things is cornin’
sorter hard fer me—sorter hard—but ‘Live
an’ let live’ is my mottow; so mebbe I kin
skeer up eight thousan’. Mebbe I kin
bony an’ put myself into debt.”
  He stopped and sighed but received no
satisfaction.
  “I might be able to git even nine thou-
san’.” He glanced sideways but got no
response. “Or mebbe ten thousan’. I
dunno. I reckon a man gits old an’ fool-
ish. That land ain’t wuth ten thousan’,
but you’re a young feller, an’ mebbe it’s
better fer you to have the money than a
poor ol’ man with jest a few years to live.”
He sighed lugubriously. “It’s takin’ ad-
vantage of a poor, sick ol’ man, but-”
  Carlton leaned over the fence.
  “Do you know how much I’ll take?” he
shouted.
  “Lemme hear it.”
  “One million dollars!”
  Finch’s jaw sagged.
  “Why—why—that’s plum’ foolish!” he
gasped. “It’s—it’s-”
  “Certainly! The whole talk is foolish!
You couldn’t get this ranch for all the
3
money you’ve got! Now you get across
that field and stay there! Move!”
  Finch’s jaw quit sagging and clamped to-
gether.
  “That hain't the way to talk!” he pro-
tested.
  “Git!” snapped Carlton, pointing toward
the upper ranch.
  The mandate seemed to touch some hid-
den spring that threw away a mask.
 “Who? Me?” The old miser trembled
for a moment. “Hey? Hey? You’ll talk
outa the other side of yer maouth pretty
soon! Dang you, I’ve hed abaout enough
of ye! You hoss-pizenin’, sneakin’, spyin’
city-bred mongrel—I’ve stood fer yer non-
sense abaout long enough! You git aout
of this valley in ten days—the hull pack an’
passel of ye—or I’ll give ye a taste of some-
thin’ you’ll never git over! I’ll show you!
Huh—I’ll show you!”
  The engineer, at first startled by the
transformation, looked one moment into
the hectic face of Finch and then quietly
started along the fence toward the front
gate. He reached the gate before Finch was
half finished, and he reached Finch just as
the latter came to the end. Finch backed
away with his feet, but his mouth held its
ground manfully.
  “Don’t you start nothin’,” he warned.
“You hit me, an’ I’ll make things so hot
you’ll wish you’d never saw the place!
Hey-”
  Carlton lashed out. It was his only
comment. An instant later he regretted it.
He had not properly gaged the growth of
his arm and shoulder muscles, and the crush-
ing blow knocked Finch half-wa v across the
lane. It crashed into that snarling, leering
face just below the eye, and, when the en-
gineer lifted the dizzy man up. he saw a
bluish welt on that countenance as big as an
egg-
  Carlton had struck a man just out of
the hospital. His temper disappeared in a
flood of blame for himself. He lifted the
man almost tenderly and stood him on his
feet.
  “I’m sorry,’’ he said contritely, before he
saw how foolish the remark sounded.
“Sorry you’re sick, that is,” he amended.
“If you were well, now, I'd take pleasure
in knocking your head off!”
  The victim gave him one look, and in that
glance the engineer saw a cold malevolence
as dangerous as the fangs of a snake. But
34
Adventure
Finch did not say anything. He didn’t
even brush himself. He simply turned away
and walked straight across the held to his
own lands, with the engineer watching until
he had passed the last oak tree up the
slope. Then Carlton finished washing his
face very thoughtfully.
  The wife had noticed the incident from a
window, and so had one of the helpers. But,
by the time they arrived, it was over. Later
on the engineer became nervous. The old
strain was returning. Some one always
kept awake of nights now, guarding the
place. And yet nothing happened.
  Dan Dolan arrived suddenly at the end of
a week, riding a buckskin horse that looked
piteous under the great load. The boss
came alone and unheralded, wearing an un-
accustomed khaki outfit, a broad-brimmed
hat and a pair of shining new boots just off
his counters.
  “Thought I'd put up for the night,” he
announced. “May stay two nights. On
my way to Red Rock, back in the moun-
tains. Movin’ on the quiet. Meet a friend
there Thursday, mebbe. Don’t say I was
here.”
  Carlton welcomed him, and the wife,
though somewhat reserved, prepared to
make him comfortable. Thus, while she
busied herself in the little kitchen for the
evening meal, the boss spread his great
bulk in a creaking chair before the open
fireplace while the engineer told him of the
latest incidents.
  “I knew all about it,” was Dolan's com-
ment. “I’m watchin’ things here. Finch
seems desp’rate to git you out of the way.”
  “Well, do you think he’ll carry out his
threats?”
  “Nope. He’s too busy now. Got too
many irons in the fire. If he hurt you, he’d
have too much extry trouble. He’s only
trvin’ to skeer you. Mebbe that’s all he
can think of jest now.”
  “Well, he won’t scare me, but I’ll admit
this thing keeps me nervous.”
  “It’ll be over pretty soon,” grunted the
boss.
  “What makes you think so?”
  Dolan gave the engineer one of his know-
ing glances.
  “Son,” he observed, “if anything hap-
pened to you, it’ll tear the county to pieces
with one big fight! For a year or more this
county's been wakin’—wakin’ like a man
from sleep. There’s a crowd here that’s
choked things for years. A combination.
It’s like a net—one strand tied to another.
I was a strand once. I got into a row with
the rest and backed out. I’d begun to see
where I was headin’. But the other strands
held strong together. They tied up with
still other strands. Only, it was all under-
ground. Couldn’t be traced.
  “Then you came in. You made me look
at Finch more careful. The more I looked
the more I seen. Finch seemed like one
of the strands. Biraeby he begun to ap-
pear like a main cable. Then I dug around
some more. There was men that hated
Finch for many reasons. There was men
that backed Finch for many reasons.
Savvy? They begun to take sides. The
lines are drawin* tight. Then there’s men
that’s workin’ for the county gang, and
there’s them that’s ag’in ’em. The whole
county’s organized—both ways—and you’re
the spark that’ll mebbe set off the sky-
rockets!”
  “Me?” gasped Carlton.
  “You or Finch. If any tiling happens to
either one, there's goin’ to be a crash! The
whole county’s lined up! If you'd paid
much ’tendon to politics, you’d ’a* seen it!”
The wife was taking a dish of steaming
soup to the table, but she halted, petrified,
with the lamplight setting off the astonish-
ment on her pretty face.
  “Great Scott!” exclaimed Carlton. “So
I’m a casus belli!”
  “I dunno what that is,” said the boss,
dubiously, “but there’s goin’ to be hap-
pening around here—darned soon!”
CARLTON was thunderstruck at
the importance thrust upon him.
He began to see why he had gone
to the county-seat and why Campbell had
introduced him around to thoughtful men
from every section of the county. There
was war on from Thunder Mountain to
South End, and he was one of the chief
factors!
  And yet the boss seemed to be comfort-
able about it—very. He appeared to have
the satisfied, exalted expression of the cat
that had swallowed the cream. It made
the engineer wonder whose funeral was com-
ing next. The boss was like some volcano
which, to eliminate an irritating ant-hill,
might blast away a whole province.
  “You set your mind easy, ma’am,” said
Dolan to the w-ife. “There w'on’t nothin’
 ;
The Boss of Mirage
35
happen to you folks. If she happens, she’ll
be the other way.”
  “I don’t want anything to happen,” she
responded. “Folks ought to live in peace.”
“Peace?” came Dolan’s deep voice, like
the lowing of a bull. “Yes, ma’am; we’re
goin’ to have peace in this county if we have
to turn her inside out! And I’m goin’ to
work for it!”
  The boss walked over to the waiting
dinner-table with the rest and made himself
comfortable, tucking his napkin into the
collar of his soft shirt and making the nearest
knife ready for business by wiping it care-
fully on the napkin—an impolite action
caused by years of eating in a certain Chi-
nese restaurant.
  “I’m gittin’ a little old, ma’am,” he con-
tinued. “I'm gittin’ tired of fights and ruc-
tions. There’s a new time cornin’ in this
land, ma’am. Please pass the butter.”
“You mean that things are going to be
entirely different?” she asked. “The—
saloons and gambling places and dance-
halls are all going to close?”
  “No, ma'am. There’ll still be some devil
in human nature. Only, there’ll be less
saloons and dance-halls and more schools.
Mebbe after my time they’ll all close.
Mebbe I’d be glad of it. If 1 could close my
dance-hall now, I’d do it, ma’am, but it
wouldn’t be right.”
  “Why not? Why not close it—or sell
it?”
  “Suppose I did. S’pose some other sin-
ner took my place. Ran the joint. Took
charge of the girls. Are you sure he’d treat
everybody like I do—feed ’em, look after
’em when they’re sick? Are you sure I’d be
doin’ right?”
  “But—it’s barbarous!” she exclaimed.
“Sure. The whole system’s wrong. I
know it now. I’m older than I was, ma’am.
But don’t you think it’s better now for me to
run the joint? If there must be crime and
riot up here, ain’t it better to have some one
around that can reg’late it?”
  Carlton changed the subject hastily.
The view-points of the tough old Western
saloon-keeper and the cultured girl, whose
mother was president of a Philadelphia
branch of the Women’s Christian Temper-
ance Union, were a trifle too divergent.
Thereafter they talked on various topics
until late, and peace reigned.
  As the hours wore on, Carlton began to
notice his wife thawing perceptibly toward
the boss. Though he was crude and coarse-
grained, lacking in morals except by his own
blunt code, there was a magnetism and an
inner strength which reached beyond the
lines of culture or prejudice and gripped like
a vise those upon whom he bestowed his
friendship. Here, before the firelight where
pine-logs blazed, the boss of the roughest
section of the West seemed a different man.
It was about the first home atmosphere he
was ever in, and, though he never quite over-
came his awkwardness, his soul seemed to
warm in the glow of the hearth-flames.
  He spoke of Indian-fights of bygone days,
of great gold-strikes, great feuds and queer
characters, until the whole colorful, tragic,
romantic Southwest'of the old days seemed
to appe^- before them as on a screen. He
spoke with the bland innocence of a child,
seeing things with the clear prejudices of a
child’s lucid, but elemental, mind. One
man was good, another bad; a well’s water
was good or bad; a community was good
or bad. There was no neutral between
them.
  Pie had picked a child out of a blizzard
and given it his scanty provisions until it
died despite his savage desire for its life.
One man he saved from a mob; another’s
life he blew out as one would snuff a candle.
He spoke of the one as blandly as the other.
And during his whole recital there was hon-
esty, honesty, honesty until the walls
seemed to ring under the spell of his down-
right soul.
  “Well, what do you think of him?” asked
Carlton of his wife later, when the stars
were shining coldly into their little dark up-
stairs room.
  “I pity him!” she responded. “I never
saw such a fine man gone to waste! I pity
him with all my heart!”
  “Well, don’t tell him that,” he advised,
sleepily; and then he forgot all about it.
  Carlton awroke with a start and peered
about the dark room.
  “WHiat was that?” he wdiispered, but the
ticking of the little alarm-clock was the
only response. *
  He strained to hear better. A cricket
chirped somewhere outside, and a watcher
in the dining-room rustled a newspaper.
The engineer, feeling foolish, slid back into
dreamland.
  Five minutes later he awoke again,
clutching at the coverlets. Far away, faint
to his ears, came a vague but persistent
36
Adventure
drumming, drumming, drumming that could
mean but one thing.
  “Horses!” he gasped. “They're going
through the pass! Hear it?” He shook
his wife out of her slumbers. “Hear that?”
She came to consciousness slowly.
  “I hear something,” she said at last,
"ft sounds like animals running.” She
stayed quiet for a time. “They’re com-
ing. not going!”
  Carlton sprang out of bed.
  “Maybe Finch is up to something!” he
surmised.
"They’re coming!” she reiterated. “Wait!
I heard a metallic sound. They’re going
past the lane. I wonder what time it is.”
Carlton lit a match and peered into the
clock.
  “Three in the morning,” he announced.
He went to ihe window and looked out,
seeing nothing but the cold stars and the
old copper mountain whose black silhouette
loomed high above. And still the eery
drumming continued. Carlton at length
thought lie could almost hear the creak
of saddle-leather. He grasped his trousers
and boots and pulled them on. He picked
up his Winchester and got ready to start
down-stairs, but, while he was organizing,
the noise of the spectral cavalcade grew
fainter and fainter until only the sound of
the cricket could be heard, seeming to
chuckle over the mystery.
  “It seems to be over,” announced the
wife. “They didn’t stop here. They went
up the valley. Better get back to bed. I
guess it won’t affect us.”
  “I'm not so sure!” responded Carlton.
“There’s something fishy here. It sounded
like a troop of cavalry—and Dolan’s in
this house. I wonder if they’re after him.
Great Scott, it may be the sheriff with a
posse, putting up at Finch’s for the night!’'
Carlton grabbed all his clothes off a chair
and began to move as if he were through
with sleeping.
  “What are you going to do?” she asked
at length.
  “Why, I’m going to look into this tiling!
There's some monkey-business going on
and-”
SfT” THE muffled crack of a shot came
to his ears from far across the upper
E_J fields. He ran to the window, but-
toning his shirt. There was a quick flash
from the brush near Finch’s house—then
another. Then another. The far-away
reports began to roll like musketry. There
was a faint, stifled yell—then a fusillade
that sounded like tire-crackers.
  A pin-point of steady flame arose from a
dark blotch that stood where a Finch barn
ought to be. It grew ^ bit. Then a lurid
yellow glare sprang up from the place as if
all the hay had caught lire at once. Horses
started stampeding in the distant fields,
thundering their hoofs as they milled around
inside their fences. The glare swung high,
illuminating the sides of the tumble-down
houses and barns.
  Carlton jumped down-stairs two steps
at a time, holding the Winchester. He
rushed upon the tenant less dining-room,
where the hearth-embers were still glow-
ing and a Ugh ted lamp stood upon the red
table-cloth. He looked out of the door.
One of the hired men was standing outside
the threshold, smoking a corn-cob ami
looking across the field.
  “Hello!” lie ejaculated. “You up?
Looks as if there’s trouble over there?
  “Where’s Dolan?” demanded the engi-
neer.
 “Him? Oh, mebbe he’s asleep. He
sleeps sound, Dolan does. No use to go
after him. Let him sleep.”
  Carlton grunted assent and walked for-
ward. swinging open his yard gate and
making for the oak groves on the upper
part of liis ranch. He was filled with
curiosity. It was a riot, nothing less. A
riot in his valley! What did it mean?’’
  He walked past the dark willow's of the
creek and neared his boundary', where the
half-built irrigation ditch lay. The shots
wrere keeping up, some singly and some in
gusts, and. as he went nearer, he could see
the silhouettes of men dodging about in
the light of the crackling fire.
  He came to the ditch and nearly fell in.
He started walking along it cautiously. A
horse whickered from an oak grove to the
left. He turned and approached it and
finally' discerned the dark forms of horses
massed under a tree. He put out his hand
and patted a soft muzzle, noting the bridle.
  A cry came to his ears. He sensed that a
form was staggering across the ditch and
approaching the horses. He held his rifle
read}- and walked toward the man warily.
The man's breath seemed to be sucking in
like a broken-down pump, but even in his
pain he noticed the engineer.
The Boss of Mirage
37
  “Hey!” he yelled. “Keep away! Who
are vou?”
  “I’m Carlton. I own this place.”
  “So did I!” snarled the other, with an
unearthly note of triumph in his voice.
“But I’m even now! I got him! Dang
his hide to Tophet, I got him—at last—
oh!” He started gurgling.
  Carlton bent over him quickly and struck
a match.
  “Tom Fulton!” he gasped. “You’re
shot, man—your shirt’s all red!”
  “Yeh!” snarled Fulton. “He got me.
He sat up in bed an’ shot till he keeled over.
But we got him. Oh!” And lie put his
hand to his chest.
  Carlton knew whom Fulton had shot.
In his mind he visualized the murderous
pistol-battle in Finch’s old shanty, with a
pack of vengeful demons spurting hot lead
through the dark doorway and the miser
dying as he had lived—alone in a corner.
  But Carlton heeded his duty to a helpless
man. The poor monomaniac who could
not forget an injury lay on Lhe ground,
gasping with pain. The engineer picked
him up gently and tried to lead him to
a horse, but the man collapsed. Carlton
dragged him a little way but soon noted
that others were coming across the dark
fields. The firing had ceased. The sides
of the old bam were tumbling down and
the flames were reducing. It all seemed to
be over.
  Another vague human form came toward
the horses, then some more. Carlton called
for assistance and explained who he was,
to make sure of them. Mysterious hands
grasped Fulton and put him over a horse.
Other ghostly hands lashed him into place.
Vague, bashful voices bade the engineer
take Fulton to his home, promising to
summon medical aid immediately. Then
the dark forms sprang to horses and gal-
loped away—presumably to hasten the
medical aid.
  Leading the horse and stumbling forward,
Carlton came to his house and yelled toward
the closed door. Every window was il-
luminated, but he did not notice that.
The door swung open, and his wife and the
two helpers appeared. And then he saw
Dolan.
  The boss was seated at the table, fully
dressed, with account-books and papers
and rough filing-cabinets piled hi^h in
front of him on the red table-cloth. Papers
were everywhere—yellow, white, blue and
green—littering the whole table and even
the floor. The boss seemed engrossed in
them to the exclusion of every'thing else.
   Carlton and the others took Fulton to a
room, after which the engineer rushed to
join Dolan. Then he stood irresolute.
The boss looked as if he had struck the
treasure of the ages.
  “Gosh!” he mumbled.
   Then he struck another find, and his eyes
opened still wider.
   “What is it?” interrupted Carlton.
. The boss looked up like some old lion
holding venison in his paw and loath to be
disturbed.
  “It’s the evidence,” he snapped. He
checked himself and explained. “The evi-
dence. Savvy? Somebody took it from the
Finch place and left it here accidental.”
   “A coincidence, of course,” said Carlton
with gentle irony.
  “Sure. Coincidence. But it’s jest
enough coincidence to bust open this
county from end to end! It’s changed the
whole deal. You thought you was in a
fight for your ranch. I thought I was in a
county political fight. Son, do you know
where the trail leads to?”
  “Where?”
   “Into the gen’ral offices of a big railroad,
into the Department of the Interior and
mebbe into the halls of the United States
Congress!”
X
“WHAT?” shouted the engineer.
   The boss lit a black cigar having
the dimensions and about the smell
of a sewer-pipe.
  “Abso-lutely!” he responded. “There’s
enough dynamite in them papers to rock
the State!”
   Carlton sank into a chair while his wife
joined him from the sick-room.
   “W'hat’s the general idea of it all?” he
demanded. “What's happened? Begin at
the beginning.”
   “Well, let's see. Near as I can make out,
there’s a plan up in Congress to build a big
dam across Thunder Mountain Creek for
irrigation. There was a lot of talk about
it some time ago, but it all died down. I’d
clean forgot about it. Then this year,
while Congress wjas fiddlin’ over bills, some-
body started the Thunder Mountain thing
again. Then a ’lectric comp’ny seen a
Adventure
chance for a power project, and the railroad
wanted to build a supply-line. Also
wanted to tap the country when the land
was irrigated and the settlers came in.
Savvy? Everything seemed to come at
once—the gosh-dangdest proj>osition the
county ever seen!”
  The boss’s eyes grew mystic, and he blew
a dozen smoke-rings. “She’d irrigate the
land from Thunder Mountain clear down to
Escalante. She'd bring in a new deal all
around. New settlers. Homes. Fruit-
ranches. Power lines. Roads. Schools.
Why, in five years real-estate here’d be
sellin’ in Chicago and New York, like they
do in Los Angeles. Hut all this was on
the quiet. Congress hadn’t done nothin’
yet, and neither had the railroad. Or the
power company. They was only considerin’
it, and they didn’t want it to git out so’s
to start land-speculation.
  "And then somebody leaked. I git this
from Finch’s papers, but some things is
mixed up. It may be congressman, rail-
road man or map-maker; 1 dunno. I only
know that right away some influence
started buy-in’ up all the land in sight, on
the quiet. Buy-in’, beggin’ or stealin’. I
knew there was somethin’ goin’ on, but I
couldn't lay my finger on it. Bimeby I seen
that the county gang was in it. Later on
I begun to see Finch and Black in it.
Finch seemed to be the main purchasin’-
agent for the crowd.
  “Mebbe they figgered nobody’d suspcct
him. Only, he couldn't play square, him
and Black. They slugged people with
guns, mortgages or grocery' bills. Bimeby
they had all sorts of land around the
foot-hills here. Meantime, they held up
their own crowd. They bought cheap and
padded the expcnse-accounts. That was
Finch all through. He jest grabbed. Could-
n’t play square even on a crooked deal.
Just wasn’t built that way. Savvy?”
  "Yes, I understand. But let’s get this
straight. How much actual crime is un-
covered?”
  “Huh—look here. Suppose some con-
gressman was makin’ money out of it?
S pose they was aimin’ to fix high prices
for rights of way for the Gov’ment or the
railroad or power comp’ny? S’po>e there
was others mixed up in Finch’s or Black’s
killin’s? S’pose Finch didn’t have to pay'
taxes on them lands he held? S’pose the
records in the recorder’s office was ‘mislaid’
so’s the County gang wouldn’t have to
pay for taxes either? S’pose it was proved
that dummy homesteaders was workin’
everywhere? S pose the whole county was
jest loot, loot, loot? I)’ye see where the
trail leads? Crime? Why, there's enough
crime to keep the jails busy' for twenty
years!”
  “Phew!” w'histled Carlton. “And W’hat
are y’ou going to do with all this evidence?”
  “Give it to Van Dorn. He’s a Gov’ment
man. He was ordered out here to snoop
around and look into things. Him and me
had a long powwow. He seen all that I
seen, but we couldn’t get no further. Even
the county records was closed to us. We
milled around like stray burros, me waichin’
the trails here and him diggin' up things
outside. Finally Van Dorn says the only
way to git anything was to git into Finch's
house and look over his papers. But there
wasn’t no way to do that except by breakin’
the law.”
  Dolan’s bland explanation made the
engineer smile.
  “I see,” he nodded. “And then, just
by luck, a lot of crazy hoodlums raided
Finch’s place and took out the papers by
accident.”
  “Jest so,” nodded the boss. “Coin-
cidence. Tom Fulton got over his bullet
and worked up his revengeful sperrits.
Then there w as others got het up, till finally
they all got so darned mad they jest couldn’t
stand it any longer. Savvy?”
  ‘‘Yes, I savvy,” admitted Carlton. “I
savvy it all. Quite a wonderful coincidence.
And then your being here tonight—a
miracle!”
  “Sure it was. I jest stopped here on my
way beyond to see a man. Now I’ve
changed myr mind; but if questions is ever
asked I can show- him for a witness.
Savvy?”
  “Yes, I understand,” said Carlton gently,
and then he sighed.
  Through whisky, chicanery^, arson, riot
and manslaughter his salvation had come,
and, though lie knew that the valley of his
home was saved to him for keeps, he won-
dered now if the price had not gone far
beyond him. The boss was watching him,
curious and puzzled, as if trying to interpret
the expression in Carlton’s face and that of
his wife.
  “Didn’t I do right?” he demanded with
the simple directness of a child.
The Boss of Mirage
39
  The engineer countered.
  “Do you think this riot will kill off the
chances for the dam?”
  “Not much! And, when she’s built, she’ll
be built fair and square. The water’ll
come down clean to a land that’s clean.”
“Well—in that case, I guess it’s worth
the price. I wonder who’s going to own
Finch’s place now?”
  “I dunno. Mebbe I will. Finch prob’ly
didn’t leave a will or have any heirs; so the
land’ll go back to the State. Mebbe I’ll
buy it.”
  Carlton’s mind took another tack.
  “Did you run across the trail of Jim
Black?” he asked, pointing to the papers.
  “Sure. Tracks all over the place. All
sorts of money passed between ’em.”
  “From Finch to Black, of course.”
  “No. That’s the queer part of it. From
Black to Finch!”
  “Why, Black didn’t have any money!”
“That’s what I thought. But look at
them receipt-books.”
  Carlton leaned over and began pawing
at the papers. Everything was there—
every transaction of Finch's for years back,
marked down with a scrupulousness that
amounted to a mania. He even had
duplicates of the receipts he gave, and
these showed the trail of Jim Black. The
more Carlton looked the more interested
he became, until at length his wife tapped
him on the shoulder. He looked up. The
darkness was gone. The lamp was burning
dimly, and the skies outside held the blue
haze of dawn. Dolan was sleeping in his
chair and snoring gently, with a smile on
his face as if he were living again in the
heroic days of his youth. The red embers
of the fireplace had turned to gray ashes.
  “Fulton is dead,” she announced very
quietly.
  “Dead?”
  Carlton stared at his wife, then looked
out of the window to where a bird on the
limb of a tree was just starting its first song
of the day, bidding the world to waken
to life and sunshine.
  The wife sighed.
  “Why should it. be like this?” she asked
helplessly. “It seems there’s been nothing
but tragedy since we came.”
  He took her hand.
  “Maybe it’s part of the price we must
pay,” lie said gently.
  “The price of our living here? If I
thought that, I wouldn’t stay another
minute!”
  “No. It isn’t the price for us. It’s a
bigger thing than us. We’re in it, but we’re
not the thing itself. It’s just the price
of civilization, girl—working up through
tragedies to happiness. Nothing is born
without a pang, and so these things are
natural.”
DAN DOLAN woke them an hour
later, when the sun was streaming
slantwise through the tidy curtains.
The engineer was sunk in a great chair,
and she was perched on its broad leathern
arm and sleeping peacefully on his shoulder.
The boss was loath to spoil the picture, but
the papers littering the room cried for
action.
  At Dolan’s yell the couple cajne to life,
and the embarrassed wife rushed off to
attend to her belated kitchen duties.
Carlton arose to bring in some wood.
  “What are you going to do now?” he
asked as he stretched himself.
  “Goin’ to bring this stuff into town.
Van Dorn’s there. You better come with
me. Mebbe there’ll be somethin’ doin’.”
  Thus within an hour the young engineer
and the old saloon-keeper loped through
the pass and into the long road that led
through bleak and barren lands to the
tumble-down settlement of Mirage.
  Van Dom was there, and so were many
others, who drank at Dolan’s bar or played
cards at tables or lounged about the
hitcliing-racks outside and swrapped yarns.
Except for a subdued air of excitement,
it appeared like a casual, go-as-you-please
gathering of strays from every section of
the lulls and valleys of the desert county.
Here was a prospector with frayed clothes
and heavy beard; yonder, a ranch-owner
wearing expensive high boots and Stetson
hat. Some had store-clothes, with car-
tridge-belts and pistols at their hips, while
others displayed the sheepskin “chaps”
of the range country further south. Some
were slouchv and dirty; some clean, and
still others bore the fresh dust of the road.
  When the boss arrived, every face was
turned toward him, but beyond a casual
nod to all and a short conversation with a
miner eager to impart some news, he
ignored the gathering for the time and
strode with his gunny-sack full of docu-
ments into the back of his store, wjhere
40
Adventure
the bald and smiling Van Dora was waiting
with his two companions.
  Dolan slammed book after book and file
upon file to the desk in back of liis clerk's
cage.
  “You keep 'em,” he advised. “If any-
thing happens, hide ’em. The whole
county’s heard about this Finch trouble,
and she's up in arms. Visitors is expected.
Carlton, you explain things to Van Dorn.
I'm goin inside.” And he strode into his
dance-hall.
  Every one lined up to the bar noisily
at a loud invitation from Dolan, but within
the half-darkened cage the bald-headed
Government man attacked his papers as
eagerly as a fisherman with tlie prize trout
of the year.
  “But,” he admitted at length in j>er-
plexity, “there’s one thing 1 can't under-
stand. and 'that’s this man Black. Here's
a batch-of receipts where he’s given all sorts
of money to Finch. See—received of Jim
Black, ten thousand dollars; Black, five
thousand—forty thousand—eighteen thou-
sand. Where did the man get all the
money? Who was he agent for? Some
of these receipts are three years old. Most
of them are very recent. What does it
mean?”
  “It’s all beyond me,” admitted Carlton.
And then he straightened suddenly.
  Into his ears came a noise like distant
thunder, made by the pounding hoofs of
trotting horses and coming nearer con-
stantly. He wrent to the door and looked
out. Swinging up the street came a score
of horsemen riding close together, with
spurs and bits jingling, rifles slung over
shoulders and pistol-butts protruding from
many holsters.
  “The sheriff!” gasped Carlton.
  Van Dorn jumped and thrust his loot
under a heap of tents and blankets. Carl-
ton hastened into the dance-hall, where
the boss stood in front of the bar and
chatted with a coterie of friends as if
nothing were happening. The cavalcade
drew up to the building. The loungers
on the porch ambled in through the door,
but not a comment was made bv any one.
The atmosphere* seemed charged with
something quiet and chilly and deadly.
In spite of the low murmur of conversation,
there seemed to be a silence that shrieked
through the big board dance-hall.
  And then the sheriff came in.
  ,He stamped through the doorway at the
head of an armed delegation that acted
like a company of militia taking charge of a
rioters’ headquarters, pointing no weapons
but lining up along the front wall and
standing ready for any tiling. The other
groups of silent men massed behind Dolan
toward the rear of the room.
  The sheriff advanced directly toward the
towering boss of Mirage.
  “i’ve come for an accountin'," he an-
nounced, holding hands warily at his hips.
“What sort o' madhouse you runnin’
up here? You're a deputy. Now
speak!”
  It was very direct, and it put the boss
on the defensive instantly. He stood there,
the largest man in the place and the center
of all eyes, figuring on how to avoid being
bullied and yet prevent a holocaust which
might exterminate the whole roomful. It
was a hair-trigger situation, and the boss
held his temper.
  “As how?’’ he inquired.
  “How? With killin's all around the place?
Murder an' arson everywhere? How about
Snow? How about Hackett? How about
Finch? Yeh, we heard about Finch this
mornin’ on the road. That’s why we camc
faster. How about it?”
  “Search me.” demurred Dolan. “I didn't
kill him. 1 wasn’t even there.”
  “Yeh? Well, why didn’t you arrest them
that was there? Hey? You’re a deputy
sheriff, ain't jfou? What kind o’ game you
playin’, anyhow?”
  The boss had stood about enough. He
did not want to start hostilities between
these masses of armed men, but bis choleric
temper was straining to the breaking-point.
He tried hard to fight it down, and at last
he succeeded.
  “Mike!” he bawled to his bartender.
“Where’s my deputy’s star?”
  “I dunno. Mebbe she’s in the nail-box.
No—no; I remember now'; you used it
to plug a leak in the drain-pipe durin' that
rain. She's been out there-”
  “Go git it!”
  Somebody snickered. Some one else
laughed outright. Even the most stem-
faced deputies smiled. The incident sapped
the tension from the atmosphere instantly,
though the sheriff still stood like a figure of
wrath.
  Mike returned in a few seconds, via the
rear door.
The Boss of Mirage
4i
  “I can’t git it!” lie shouted. “She’s
soldered in!”
  “Rip off the whole danged pipe!” snorted
the boss. “Gimme that star!”
  Rasping sounds ensued outside, and then
the bartender returned with a piece of pipe
with a deputy sheriff’s star stuck tightly
in the joint. Dolan grabbed it and thrust
it into the hands of the scowling sheriff.
  “I resign!” roared the boss. “I ain’t
vour danged deputy no more. Here’s my
star!”
  The sheriff dashed the pipe to the polished
floor.
  “That’s enough o’ that!” he snarled.
“This ain't play!” He stopped and straight-
ened and pointed a grim forefinger. “In
the name of the State of California, I arrest
ye for the murder of Elijah Hackett an’
for complic’ty in the murder of Ebenezer
Finch!”
  “What makes you think I was connected
with the Finch thing?” asked Dolan,
almost purring.
  “Aw, you got a finger in everything up
here. Don’t you think I git any infor-
mation from anybody? Huh—better keep
yourself under arrest. It’ll save trouble!”
The face of the boss was thunderous.
“You arrest me?” he roared, clenching
his mighty' fist and advancing straight
toward the backing sheriff despite the armed
men behind him. “You arrest me, hey?
Well, now you listen to me. You figgered
I was gittin’ too close on your trail, so you’d
grab me before I done any damage, didn’t
you? When you heard Finch was raided,
you rode hell-bent for fear somebody might
find out too much—didn’t you? Well,
you’re too slow! You and your gang is
cooked, finished and done forever! You’re
through!”
VAN DORN, who had stood quietly
watching the others, now came for-
ward. His attitude was offhand
and conversational, as if there wasn’t a fire-
arm or an excitable person in the room.
    “In the name of the United States Gov-
  ernment,” he announced easily, showing a
  badge on his vest, “I hereby arrest the
  sheriff of this county for complicity in a
  wholesale plot to swindle homesteaders out
  of their lands!”
    A dozen rifles almost fell from paralyzed
  hands. A score of men stood as if the earth
  had opened beneath them. The petrified
sheriff’s jawr sagged and his eyes bulged
with amazement, while his face turned
white.
  “What—what are you givin’ me?” he
fenced.
  “You know w'hat it is,” said Van Dorn
easily. “It’s about the Thunder Mountain
dam and the railroad. We might as well
speak about it openly now. The bill has
gone to Congress.-’
   “ ’Rah!” j elled some one.
  Somebody else joined in and started a
chorus of joyful profanity. The stricken
deputies lowered their rifles and stared.
They were regular deputies or political
friends of the sheriff or adventurous citi-
zens hastily sworn in for the anticipated
trump-card raid. The latter class started
for the door, milling into another group
of the sheriff’s men who were standing over
the threshold.
  “Hey!” yelled Van Dorn suddenly.
“Stop that man!”
  “Jim Black!” gasped Carlton.
  The man had been with the incon-
spicuous group at the doorway all along,
unobserved until nowr. He had started to
disappear, but Van Dorn had been noting
him from the first.
  The Government man strode fonvard. So
did Carlton. Black saw he could not jam
through the throng quickly enough; so he
turned. His hand whipped to his side. A
pistol flashed out and pointed straight at Van
Dorn. The men beside the latter jumped
out of the line of fire, while those behind
Jim Black also scattered. Dolan speeded
behind his bar, but nobody noticed him.
   “Quit that! \rou’re under arrest!” yelled
the white-faced Government man to Black.
“Put up that gun!”
  “Take me!” invited Black.
  He was smiling through slit eyes and
o-ouching fonvard like a cat about to spring.
  The Government man wras plucky enough,
but the pistol-barrel w-as unwavering, and
his round face began to give forth per-
spiration. He decided to spar for time.
  “So this is wrhere you’ve come to!” he
remarked, trying to appear easy. “We’ve
searched the wrhole United States for you,
Joe Barton. A man doesn’tvtake a hundred
thousand dollars from an Army transport
without the Government keeping after him
pretty fine. Pretty fine! Don’t you re-
member me? The fellow who checked
your accounts in San Francisco before you
42
Adventure
breezed away three years ago? Come on;
drop that gun. Quit it!”
  “Take me!” challenged Black, backing
away slowly.
  Men were getting behind chairs, tables,
walls, the bar and everything else handy.
The sheriff was flattening himself against
the picture of a prize-fighter. His deputies
had forgotten their errand and were scat-
tered all over the place. Carlton was a
little to one side of Van Dorn, standing his
ground and wondering just what to do.
He did not want to produce a pistol and
perhaps start something; neither did he
trust Black and his weapon. He therefore
kept his hands near his sides and awaited
developments. Black looked like a crouch-
ing panther.
  And yet the bald-headed Van Dorn,
palpably unarmed, started to walk forward
while holding his empty hands out. He had
made his decision. He was a Government
man and knew the power and weight of the
great, relentless moral forces behind him.
He figured that, as Black had been a Gov-
ernment man, he fully realized the useless-
ness of opposing those forces, thus being
amenable to a peaceful arrest. For Black
the jig. was up. Even he could see it. Van
Dorn had not been fed full of Black’s repu-
tation as a gunman; neither did he believe
that any man could kill an unarmed one in
cold blood. Therefore, part in earnest and
part as a bluff, he laid his human fears
aside and advanced.
  “Look out!” came a yell from the back
of the room.
  Black had backed to the threshold. The
Government man still walked forward, a
little overconfident, a little overeager to
make the arrest, with his hand stretched
out persuasively for Black's gun. For a
moment the silent crowd wondered if the
arrest were not to be made after all. Black
had a hunted look on his face. Then his
expression changed. Van Dorn took an-
other step.
 “Hey!” yelled an awed man. “Stop
him!”
 But it was too late. Even though
Black could not kill an unarmed man who
walked forward publicly with hands up.
Black could stop this Federal agent long
enough to get away, and he did. Black’s
pistol blazed a stream of fire right into Van
Dora’s shoulder. The roar of the shot
galvanized the room. The Government
  man, wounded purposely, yelled and stag-
gered. Then Black leaped backward.
  Instantly Carlton jerked out his pistol
and fired madly. The gun kicked in his
hand. Black half turned and brought the
muzzle of that deadly pistol toward him.
One instant, one quiver of Black’s muscles,
and the engineer might be in eternity.
  Suddenly a blast of heat and lead roared
across Carlton’s face, stunning him and
making his ears*ring. The gust of fire blew
away part of the doorway and hurled Black
straight backward like a piece of paper in a
heavy wind. A stream of acrid smoke
blurred the entrance, and, when it cleared
away, the boss, behind uhe bar, was taking
an empty shell from a shotgun.
  Black, lying queerly on the porch, was
a dead man.
  Carlton took one look and then turned
away, shuddering, to where Van Dora was
nursing his shoulder. The sheriff was ap-
proaching the bar with his hands up. The
boss jerked his thumb to somebody, and
that man took the sheriff’s armament away;
after which Dolan came from his trenches
and approached the suffering Van Dorn.
  “Say!” he asked. “I want to know
somethin’. This feller, Black, went into
pardnership with Finch, us in’ stolen money.
That’s clear enough. But did Black ever
have a sister?”
  The suffering man looked reproaclrful,
but he gave answer.
  “Never had a sister or any other rela-
tives.”
  “-!” said the boss ruefully. “And
I swallowed that vam! I guess I’m gittin’
old!”
I ONE year later. Again the boss
r/S A was PrePar*n£ f°r 311 evening’s
jLjhLf\ festivity in his enlarged dance-hall.
Again a knot of men congregated about the
bar or wandered around the lighted street
amid the sounds of tinkling music. It was
the same old settlement, and yet it had
changed a bit. Freight-teams were stream-
ing in with supplies for the new dam in the
hills to the northward. Two hotels, a
barber-shop. a hardware store, a feed store
and a telephone exchange had added to
the number of buildings. The population
had grown enormously, and Government
engineers, construction laborers and rail-
road right-of-way' men were big elements
in it.
The Boss of Mirage
43
  To the north, up at Thunder Mountain,
a new town had been built overnight for
the workers. To the south, four miles from
the entrance to Lost Deer Valley—and
buying its hay—a railroad camp was estab-
lished. Along the projected railroad line
settlers were taking up land daily, in ad-
vance of the coming irrigation waters.
Dolan’s store had four clerks. Down at
the county-seat a new collection of officials
had just been elected. The power company
was planning high-tension lines from Thun-
der Mountain to the coast and had the
franchises. The county was booming.
  With a check in his pocket for hay just
sold, Harry Carlton dismounted from liis
horse in front of the old dance-hall and
walked inside. A yell greeted him. Dan
Dolan, a little more gray-haired, came
from behind the bar and extended a hairy
paw.
  “Congratulations!” he roared.
  Then he turned to the assembled crowd
and held up his hand like a prize-fight
announcer.
  “Gents, one and aJI!” he shouted.
“Shake hands with Harry Carlton, new
member of the County Board of Super-
visors from Mirage!”
  They shook hands—prospectors and
miners, ranchers and grain-buvers, engi-
neers and laborers, until finally Carlton
broke away from them and dragged the
boss into the rear of his greatly enlarged
store, where there was more privacy.
  “Well, she’s all over,” he said, perching
on a counter and accepting one of the
deadly cigars. “I owe it to you, Dolan, and
so does the county. I want to thank you.”
The boss waved it away.
  “It wasn’t me,” he demurred. “If you
hadn’t stacked up pretty well that first
time when you went below and the boys
looked you over, you’d ’a’ been passed up.
You got what was cornin’.”
  Carlton chuckled.
  “Huh! With half the old gang in jail
and the rest skipped out, the election was
so one-sided there wasn’t any fun to it.
Campbell becomes superior judge by a
vote of four-thousand-and-thirty to one.
WTio wrote in that other name?”
  “I guess we needn’t worry about that,”
responded the amiable boss. “How’s the
wife and kid?”
  “That’s what I wanted to talk about.
I	told vou over the ’phone about the boy
coming, but I didn’t tell you the rest of it.
My wife’s mother is head of a W. C. T. U.
and bitter about alcohol; she’s up at the
house now, but we’ve decided to scandalize
her. That boy’s going to be named after
the toughest old saloon-keeper in the
State!”
  Dolan looked startled, and then he stared
out of the door for a long time. But, when
the leonine old face came back toward
Carlton again, it was very somber, and he
shook his head.
  “Not saloon-keeper, boy; not for very
long, anyhow. Times is changin’. You’re
goin’ to name that boy after a merchant!”
SO YE BRING ME BACK THE TALE
   BY W. J. COE
    npREK on, 0 ye of the restless feet
    Who follow the endless trail.
    Though triumph attend you, or defeat—
                  So ye bring me back the tale.
                 Trek on, though your search may have no end.
    Though your luck hold foul or fair,
    You carry the heart of an invalid
    Condemned to an invalid’s chair.
Author of “The Laughing Cavalier" and, "A Battle of Wits," etc.
THE children were all huddled
up together in one corner of
die room, fitienne 'and Valen-
tine, the two eldest, had their
arms round the little one. As for Lucile,
she would have told you herself that she
felt just like a bird between two snakes—
terrified and fascinated—especially by that
little man with the pale face and the light
gray eyes and the slender white hands
unstained by toil, one of which rested
lightly upon the desk and was only clenched
now and then at a word or a look from the
other man or from Lucile herself.
   As for that other, he just tried to brow-
beat her. It was not difficult, for in truth
she felt frightened enough already with all
this talk of traitors and that awful threat
of the guillotine.
  But Lucile Clamette would have re-
mained splendidly loyal in spite of all those
threats if it hadn’t been for the children.
She was little mother to them, for father
was a cripple with speech and mind already
impaired by creeping paralysis, and mama
had died when little Josephine was born.
And now those fiends threatened not only
her but Etienne, who was not fourteen,
and Valentine, who was not much more
than ten, with death, unless she—Luctle-7-
broke the solemn word which she had given
to M. le Marquis. At first she had tried
to deny all knowledge of M. le Marquis'
whereabouts.
  “I can assure M. le Commissairc that I
do not know,” she had persisted quietly,
even though her heart was beating so rapidly
in her bosom that she felt as if she must
choke.
  “Call me Citizen Commissary,” Lel>el had
riposted curtly. "‘I should take it as a
proof that your aristocratic sentiments are
not so deep-rooted as they appear to be.”
“Yes, citizen!” murmured Lucile under
her breath.
  Then the other one, he with the pale
eyes and# the slender white hands, leaned
fonvard over the desk, and the poor girl
felt as if a mighty and unseen force were
holding her tight, so tight that she could
neither move nor breathe nor turn her gaze
away from those pale, compelling eyes. In
the remote corner little Josephine was
whimpering, and Etienne's big, dark eyes
were fixed bravely upon his eldest sister.
  “There, there, little citizeness.” the
awful man said in a voice that sounded
low and almost caressing. “There is noth-
ing to be frightened of. No one is going
to hurt you or your little family. We only
want you to be reasonable. You have
promised to your former employer that
you would never tell any one of his where-
abouts. Well, we don’t ask you to tell us
anything. All that we want you to do is
to write a letter to M. le Marquis—one
that I myself will dictate to you. \ou
have written to M. le Marquis before now,
on business matters, have you not.'”
  “Yes, monsieur. Yes, citizen,” stam-
mered Lucile through her tears. “Father
was bailiff to M. le Marquis until he became
a cripple, and now- I-”
  “Do not write any letter, Lucile, ’
fitienne suddenly broke in with forceful
vehemence. “It is a trap set by these
miscreants to entrap M. le Marquis.”
  There was a second’s silence in the room
Needs Must
45
after this sudden outburst on the part of
the lad. Then the man with the pale face
said quietly:
  “Citizen Lebel, order the removal of
that boy. Let him be kept in custody
till he has learned to hold his tongue.”
  But, before Lebel could speak to the
two soldiers who were standing on guard
at the door, Lucile had uttered a loud cry
of agonized protest.
  “No! No! Monsieur! That is—citizen!'7
she implored. “Do not take Etienne away.
He will be silent. I promise you that he
will be silent. Only do not take him away!
fitienne, my little one!” she added, turning
her tear-filled eyes to her brother. “I
entreat thee to hold thy tongue!”
  The others, too, clung to Etienne, and
the lad, awed and subdued, relapsed into
silence.
  “Now then,” resumed Lebel roughly
after a while. “Let us get on with this
business. I am sick to death of it. It has
lasted far too long already.”
  He fixed his bloodshot, protruding eyes
upon Lucile and continued gruffly:
  “Now listen to me, my wench, for this
is going to be my last word. Citizen
Chauvelin here has already been very
lenient with you by allowing this let Lea:
business. If i had my way, I’d make you
speak here and now. As it is, you either
sit dowTi and write the letter at Citizen
Chauvelin’s dictation at once, or I send
you with that impudent brother of yours
and your imbecile father to jail, on a charge
of treason against the state, for aiding and
abetting the enemies of the republic. And
you know what the consequences of such
a charge usually are. The other two brats
will go to a House of Correction, there to
be detained during the pleasure of the
Committee of Public Safety. That is my
last word/’ he reiterated fiercely. “Now',
which is it to be?”
  He paused, and the girl's wan cheeks
turned the color of lead. She moistened her
lips once or twice with her tongue; beads
of perspiration appeared at the roots of
her hair. She gazed helplessly at her tor-
mentors, not daring to look on those three
huddled-up little figures there in the
corner.
  A few seconds sped away in silence. The
man with the pale eyes rose and pushed
his chair away. He went to the window
and stood there with his back to the room,
those slender white hands of his clasped
behind him. Neither the commissary nor
the girl appeared to interest him further.
He was just gazing out of the window'.
  The other was still sprawiing beside the
desk, liis large, coarse hand—how different
his hands were—w'as beating a devil’s
tatoo upon the arm of his chair.
      AFTER a fewr minutes Lucile made
iinufl a Solent effort to compose herself,
wiped the moisture from her pallid
forehead and dried the tears wrhich still
hung upon her lashes. Then she rose from
her chair and walked resolutely up to the
desk.
  “I will write the letter,” she said simply.
  Lebel gave a snort of satisfaction, but
the other did not move from his position
near the window. The boy, Etienne, had
uttered a cry of passionate protest.
  “Do not give M. le Marquis away,
Lucile!” he said hotly. “I am not afraid
to die.”
  But Lucile had made up her mind. How
could she do otherwise with these awful
threats hanging over them all? She and
Etienne and poor father gone, and the two
young ones in one of those awful Houses
of Correction, wrhere children were taught
to hate the Church, to shun the Sacraments
and to blaspheme God!
  “What am I to write?” she asked dully,
resoluteh" closing her ears against her
brother’s protest.
  Lebel pushed pen, ink and paper toward
her, and she sat down ready to begin.
  “Write!” now came in a curt command
from the man at the window.
  And Lucile wrote at his dictation:
MONSEECR LE M.-VRQCIS:
  We are in grave trouble. My brother fiticnne
and I have been arrested on a charge of treason.
This means the guillotine for us and for poor father,
who can no longer speak. The two little ones are
to be sent to one of those dreadful Houses of Cor-
rection, where children are taught to deny God
and to blaspheme. You alone can save us, SI lc
MarquisI I beg you on my knees to do it. The
citizen commissary here says that you have in
your possession certain papers which are of great
value to the state and that, if I can persuade you
to give these up, Etienne, father and I and 'the
little ones will be left unmolested. M. le Marquis,
you once said that you could never adequately
repay my poor father for all his devotion in your
service. You can do it now, M. lc Marquis, by
saving us all. I will be at the chateau a week from
today. I entreat you. M. Ur Marquis, to come to
me then and to bring the papers with you. Or,
46
Adventure
if you can devise some other means of sending the
papers to me, I will obey your behests.
        I am, M. U Marquis,
            Your faithful and devoted servant,
Lucan ClAMETTE.
  The pen dropped from the unfortunate
girl’s fingers. She buried her face in her
hands and sobbed convulsively. The chil-
dren were silent, awed and subdued—tired
out, too. Only fitienne’s dark eyes were
fixed upon liis sister with a look of mute
reproach.
  Lebel had made no attempt to interrupt
the flow of liis colleagues dictation. Only
once or twice did a hastily smothered
“What die -!” of astonishment escape
his lips. Now, when the letter was finished
and duly signed, he drew it to him and
strewed the sand over it. Chauveiin,
more impassive than ever, was once more
gazing out of the window.
  “How are the ci-devant aristos to get this
letter?” die commissary asked.
  “It must be put in the hollow tree which
stands by the side of the stable gate at
Montorgueil,', whispered Lucile.
  “And the aristos will find it there?”
  “Yes. M. le Vicomte goes there once
or twice a week to see if there is anything
there from one of us.”
  “They are in hiding somewhere close by,
then?”
  But to this the girl gave no reply. In-
deed, she felt as if any word now might
choke her.
  “Well, no matter where they are,” the
inhuman wretch resumed with brutal cyn-
icism, “we’ve got them now—both of them.
Marquis? Vicomte?" he added and spat
on the ground to express his contempt of
such tides. “Citizen Montorgueil, father
and son—that’s all they are! And as such
they’ll walk up in state to make their bow
to Mine, la Guillolinel”
  “May We go now?” stammered Lucile
dirough her tears.
  Lebel nodded in assent, and the girl rose
and turned to walk toward the door. She
called to the children, and the little ones
clustered round her skirts like chicks
around the mother hen. Only fitienne
remained aloof, wradiful against his sister
for what he deemed her treachery.
  “Women have no sense of honor!” he
muttered to himself with all the pride of
conscious manhood.
  But Lucile felt more than ever like a bird
who is vainly trying to evade the clutches
of a fowler. She gathered the two little
ones around her. Then, with a cry like
a wounded doe, she ran quickly out of the
room.
II
AS SOON as the sound of the chil-
dren’s footsteps had died away
down the corridor, Lebel turned
with a grunt to his sdll silent companion.
  “And now, Citizen Chauveiin,” he said
roughly, “perhaps you will be good enough
to explain what is the meaning of all this
tomfoolery.”
  ‘•Tomfoolery, citizen?” queried the other
blandly. “What tomfoolery, pray?”
“Why, about those papers!” growled
Lebel savagely. “Cui^e you for an inter-
fering busybody! It was I who got* infor-
mation diat those pestilential aristos, the
Montorgueils, far from having fled the
country, are in hiding somewhere in my
district. I could have made the girl give
up their hiding-place pretty soon without
any help from you. What right had you
to interfere, I should like to know?”
  “You know quite well what right I had.
Citizen Lebel,” replied Chauveiin with
perfect composure. “The right conferred
upon me by the Committee of Public
Safety, of whom I am sdll an unworthy
member. They sent me down here to lend
you a hand in an investigarion which is of
grave importance to them.”
  “I know that!” retorted Lebel sulkily.
“But why have you invented the story of
the papers?”
  “It is no invention, citizen,” rejoined
Chauveiin with slow emphasis. “The
papers do exist. They are in the possession
of the ci-dcvaut Montorgueils, father and
son. To capture the two aristos would be
not only a blunder but also criminal folly,
unless we can lay hands on the papers at
the same time.”
  “But what in Satan’s name are those
papers?” ejaculated Lebel with a fierce
oath.
  “Think, Citizen Lebel! Think!” was
Chauvelin’s cool rejoinder. “Metliinks you
might arrive at a pretty shrewd guess.”
Then, as the other’s bluster and bounce
suddenly collapsed under his colleague's
calm, accusing gaze, the latter continued
with impressive deliberation:
“The papers which the two aristos have
Needs Must
47
in their possession, citizen, are receipts for
money, for bribes paid to various members
of the Committee of Public Safety by royal-
ist agents for the overthrow of our glorious
republic. You know all about them, do
you not?”
  While Chauvelin spoke, a look of furtive
terror had crept into Lebel’s eyes; his
checks became the color of lead. But even
so he tried to keep up an air of incredulity
and of amazement.
  “I?” he exclaimed. “What do you
mean, Citizen Chauvelin? What should
I know about it?”
  “Some of those receipts are signed with
your name, Citizen Lebel,” riposted Chau-
velin forcefully. “Bah!” he added, and a
tone of savage contempt crept into his even,
calm voice now. “Henriot, Foucquier,
Ducros and the whole gang of you are in
it up to the neck: trafficking with our
enemies, trading with England, taking
bribes from every quarter for working
against the safety' of the republic. Ah,
if I had my way, I would let the hatred
of those aristos take its course. I would
let the Montorgueils and the whole pack
of royalist agents publish those infamous
proofs of your treachery and of your base-
ness to the entire world, and send the whole
lot of you to the guillotine!”
  He had spoken with so much concen-
trated fury and the hatred and contempt
expressed in his pale eyes were so fierce,
that an involuntary ice-cold shiver ran
down the length of Lebel’s spine. But
even so he would not give in; he tried to
sneer and to keep up something of his
former surly defiance.
  “Bah!” he exclaimed, and with a lower-
ing glance he gave hatred for hatred and
contempt for contempt. “What can you
do? An I am not mistaken, there is no
more discredited man in France today
than the unsuccessful tracker of the Scarlet
Pimpernel.”
  The taunt went home. It was Chauve-
lin’s turn now to lose countenance, to pale
to the lips. The glow of virtuous indig-
nation died out of his eyes; his look became
furtive and shamed.
  “You are right, Citizen Lebel,” he said
calmly after a while. “Recriminations be-
tween us are out of place. I am a dis-
credited man, as you say. Perhaps it
would have been better if the Committee
had sent me long ago to expiate my failures
on the guillotine. I should at least not
have suffered, as I am suffering now, daily,
hourly, humiliation at thought of the
triumph of an enemy whom I hate with a
passion that consumes my very soul. But
do not let us speak of me,” he went on
quietly. “There are graver affairs at
stake just now than mine own.”
  Lebel said nothing more for the moment.
Perhaps he was satisfied at the success of
his taunt, even though the terror within
his craven soul still caused the cold shiver
to course up and down his spine. Chauvelin
had once more turned to the window;
his gaze was fixed upon the distance far
away.
  The window gave on the north. That
way, in a straight line, lay Calais, Boulogne,
England—where he had been made to
suffer such bitter humiliation at the hands
of his elusive enemy. Far out to the west
lay Nantes, the scene of his latest defeat,
and immediately before him was Paris,
where the very walls seemed to echo that
mocking laugh of the daring Englishman
which would haunt him even to his
grave.
   Lebel, unnerved by his colleague’s silence,
broke in gruffly at last:
  “Well then, citizen,” he said with a
feeble attempt at another sneer, “if you
are not thinking of sending us all to the
guillotine just yet, perhaps you will be
good enough to explain just how the matter
stands?”
  “Fairly simply, alas!” replied Chauvelin
dryly. “The two Montorgueils, father
and son, under assumed names, were the
royalist agents who succeeded in suborning
men such as you, citizen, and the whole
gang of you. We have tracked them down
to this district, have confiscated their
lands and ransacked the old chateau for
valuables and so on. Twro days later the
first of a series of pestilential anonvmous
letters reached the Committee of Public
Safety, threatening the publication of a
whole series of compromising documents if
the Marquis and the Yicomte de Montor-
gueil were in any way molested and if all
the Montorgueil property is not immedi-
ately restored.”
  “I suppose it is quite certain that those
receipts and documents do exist?” sug-
gested Lebel.
  “Perfectly-certain. One of the receipts,
signed by Henriot, was sent as a specimen.”
48
Adventure
  “My-!” ejaculated Lebel and wiped
the cold sweat from his brow.
  “Yes, you'll all want help from some-
where,” retorted Chauvelin coolly. "From
above or from below, if the people get to
know what miscreants you are. 1 do be-
lieve,” he added with a vicious snap of his
thin lips, “that they would cheat the
guillotine of you and in the end drag you
out of the tumbrils and tear you to pieces
limb from limb!”
  Once more that look of furtive terror
crept into the commissary’s bloodshot eyes.
  “Thank the Lord,” he muttered, “that
we were able to get hold of the jvench
Clamette!”
  “At my suggestion,” retorted Chauvelin
curtly. “I always believe in threatening
the weak if you want to coerce the strong.
The Montorgueils can not resist the wench's
appeal. Even if they do at first, we can
apply the screw by clapping one of the
young ones in jail. Within a week we shall
have those papers, Citizen Lebel. And,
if in the meanwhile no one commits a
further blunder, we can close the trap on
the Montorgueils without further trouble.”
Lebel said nothing more, and after a
while Chauvelin went back to the desk,
picked up the letter which poor Lucile had
written and watered with her tears, folded
it deliberately and slipped it into the inner
pocket of his coat.
  “What are you going to do?” queried
Lebel anxiously.
  “Drop this letter into the hollow tree
by the side of the stable gate at Montor-
gueil,” replied Chauvelin simply.
  “What?” exclaimed the other. "Your-
self?”
  “Why, of course! Think you I would
entrust such an errand to another living
soul?”
Ill
(ryp SEVERAL hours later, when the
two children had had their dinner
and had settled down to play in
the garden and father had been cozily tucked
up for his afternoon sleep, Lucile called
her brother Etienne to her. The boy had
not spoken to her since that terrible time
spent in the presence of those two awful
men. He had eaten no dinner, only sat
glowering, staring straight out before him',
from time to time throwing a look of burn-
ing reproach upon his sister. Now, when
she called to him, he tried to run away
and was half-way up the stairs before she
could seize hold of him.
  "Etienne, nwn petit/” she implored as
her arms closed around his shrinking figure.
  "Let me go, Lucile!” the boy pleaded
obstinately.
  "Mon petit, listen to me!” she pleaded.
‘‘All is not lost, if you will stand by me.”
  "All is lost, Lucile!” Etienne cried,
striving t^> keep back a flood of passionate
tears. “Honor is lost. Your treachery
lias disgraced us all. If M. k Marquis and
M. le Viconik are brought to the guillotine,
their blood will be upon our heads.”
  “Upon mine alone, my little Etienne,”
she said sadly. “But God alone can judge
me. It was a terrible alternative: M. le
Marquis—or you and Valentine and little
Josephine and poor father, who is so help-
less! But don’t let us talk of it all. All
is not lost, I am sure. The last time that
I spoke with M. k Marquis—it was in
February* do you remember?—he was full
of hope and, oh, so kind! Well, he told
me then that, if ever I or any of us here
were in such grave trouble that we did not
know where to turn, one of us was to put
on our very oldest clothes, look as like a
barefooted beggar as we could and then go
to Paris to a place called the Cabaret de la
Liberte, in the Rue Christine. There we
are to ask for the Citizen Rateau. and we
are to tell him all our troubles, whatever
they are. Well, we are in such trouble
now, tnon petit, that we don’t know where
to turn. Put on the very oldest clothes,
little one, and run barefooted into Paris,
find the Citizen Rateau and tell him just
what has happened: the letter which
they have forced me to write, the threats
which they held over me if I did not write
it—everything. Dost hear?”
  Already the boy’s eyes were glowing.
The thought that he individually could do
something to retrieve the awful shame of
his sister's treachery spurred him to ac-
tivity. It needed no persuasion on Lucile’s
part to induce him to go. She made him
put on some old clothes and stuffed a piece
of bread and cheese into his breeches
pocket.
  It was close upon eight kilometers to
Paris, but that run was one of the happiest
which Etienne had ever made. And he
did it barefooted, too, feeling neither fatigue
nor soreness, despite the hardness of the
Needs Must
49
road after a three weeks’ drought which
had turned mud into hard cakes and ruts
into fissures which tore the lad’s feet till
they bled.
  He did not reach the Cabaret de la
Liberte till nightfall, and, when he got
there, he hardly dared to enter. The filth,
the squalor, the hoarse voices which rose
from that cellar-like place below the level
of the street repelled the country-bred lad.
Were it not for the desperate urgency of his
errand, he never would have dared to enter.
As it was, the fumes of alcohol and steam-
ing, dirty clothes nearly choked him. and
he could scarcely stammer the name of
Citizen Rateau when a gruff voice present-
ly demanded his purpose.
  He realized now how tired he was and
how hungry. He had not thought to pause
in order to consume the small provision of
bread and cheese with which thoughtful
Lucile had provided him. Now he was
ready to faint when a loud guffaw, which
echoed from one end of the horrible place
to the other, greeted his timid request.
  “Citizen Rateau!” the same gruff voice
called out hilariously. “Why, there he is!
Here, citizen! There’s a blooming aristo
to see you.”
  Etienne turned his weary eyes to the
corner which was being indicated to him.
There he saw a huge creature sprawling
across a bench, his long, powerful limbs
stretched out before him. Citizen Rateau
was clothed rather than dressed in a soiled
shirt, ragged breeches and tattered stock-
ings, with shoes down at heel and a faded
crimson cap. His face looked congested
and sunken about the eyes; he appeared
to be asleep, for stertorous breathing came
at intervals from between his parted lips.
Every now and then a racking cough
seemed to tear at his broad chest.
  Etienne gave him one look, shuddering
with horror despite himself at the aspect
of this bloated wretch from whom salvation
was to come. The whole place seemed to
him hideous' and loathsome in the extreme.
What it all meant he could not understand.
All that he knew was that this seemed
like another hideous trap into which he
and Lucile had fallen and that he must
fly from it—fly at all costs, before he be-
trayed M. le Marquis still further to these
drink-sodden brutes. Another moment
and he feared that he might faint. The
din of a bibulous song rang in his ears; the
reek of alcohol turned him giddy and sick.
He had only just enough strength to turn
and totter back into the open. There his
senses reeled; the lights in the houses oppo-
site began to dance wildly before his eyes—
and he remembered nothing more.
          IV
THERE is nothing now in the whole
countryside quite so desolate and
forlorn as the chateau of Montor-
gueil, with its once magnificent park, now
overgrown with weeds, its encircling walls
broken dow-n, its terraces devastated and
its stately gates rusty and tom.
  Just by the side of what was known in
happier times as the stable gate there stands
a hollow tree. It is not inside the park but
just outside, and it shelters the narrow
lane which skirts the park walls against the
blaze of the afternoon sun.
  Its beneficent • shade is a favorite spot
for an afternoon siesta, for there is a bit of
green sward under the tree and all along
the side of the road. But, as the shades
of evening gather in, the lane is usually
deserted, shunned by the neighboring
peasantry on account of its eery loneliness,
so different from the former bustle which
used to reign around the park gates when
M. le Marquis and his family were still in
residence. Nor does the lane lead any-
where, for it is a mere loop which gives
on the main road at either end.
  Henri de Montorgueil chose a peculiarly
dark night early in September for one of his
periodical visits to the hollow tree. It was
close on nine o’clock when he passed
stealthily down the feme, keeping close
to the park wall. A soft rain was falling,
the first since the prolonged drought, and,
though it made the road heavy and slippery
in places, it helped to deaden the sound
of the young man’s furtive footsteps.
  The air, except for the patter of the rain,
was absolutely still. Henri de Montor-
gueil paused from time to time with neck
craned forward, even’ sense on the alert,
listening like any poor, hunted beast for
the slightest sound which might betray
the approach of danger.
  As many a time before he reached the
hollow tree in safety, felt for and found
in the usual place the letter which the
unfortunate girl, Lucile, had written to him.
Then with it in his hand he turned to the
50
Adventure
stable gate. It had long since ceased to
be kept locked and bared. Pillaged and
ransacked by order of the Committee of
Public Safety, there was nothing left inside
the park walls worth keeping under lock
and key.
  Henri slipped stealthily through the
gates and made his way along the drive.
Every stone, every nook and cranny of
his former home was familiar to him, and
he turned into a shed where in former times
wheelbarrows and garden tools were wont
to be kept. Now it was full of debris,
lumber of every sort. A more safe or
secluded spot could not be imagined.
Henri crouched in the farthermost corner
of the shed. Then from his belt he de-
tached a small dark lantern, opened its
shutter and with the aid of the tiny, dim
light read the contents of the letter.
  For a long while after that he remained
quite still—as still as a man who has
received a stunning blow-on the head and
has partis lost consciousness. The blow
was indeed a staggering one. Lucile Cla-
met te, with the invincible power of her own
helplessness, was demanding the surrender
of a weapon which had been a safeguard
for the Montorgueils all this while. The
papers which compromised a number of
influential members of the Committee of
Public Safety had been the most perfect
arms of defense against persecution and
spoliation.
  And now these were to be given up. Oh,
there could be no question of that! Even
before consulting with his father, Henri
knew that the papers would have to be
given up. They were clever, those revo-
lutionaries. The thought of holding inno-
cent children as hostages could only have
originated in minds attuned to the villainies
of devils. But it was unthinkable that the
children should suffer.
  After a while the young man roused
himself from the torpor into which the
suddenness of this awful blow had plunged
him. By the light of the lantern he
scribbled a few words on a scrap of paper
tom from his pocketbook.
My rear Loctle:
   As you say, our debt to your father and to you all
never could he adequately repaid. You and the
children shall never suffer whilst we have the
power to save*you. You will find the papers in
the receptacle you know of inside the chimney
of what used to by my mother's boudoir. You
will find the receptacle unlocked. One day before
the term you name I myself will place the papers
there for you. With them my father and I do give
up our lives to save you and the little ones from
the persecution of those fiends. May the good
God guard you all.
  He signed the letter with his initials,
H. de M. Then he crept back to the gate
and dropped the message into the hollow
of the tree.
  A quarter of an hour later Henri de
Montorgueil was wending his way back
to the hiding-place which had sheltered
him and his father for so long. Silence
and darkness soon held undisputed sway
once more around the hollow tree. Even
the rain had ceased its gentle pattering.
From far away came the sound of a church
bell striking the hour of ten. Then nothing
more.
  A few more minutes of absolute silence;
then something dark and furtive began
to move out of the long grass which bor-
dered the roadside—something that in
movement was almost like a snake. It
dragged itself along close to the ground,
making no sound as it moved. Soon it
reached the hollow tree, rose to the height
of a man and flattened itself against the
tree trunk. Then it put out a hand, felt
for the hollow receptacle and groped for
the missive which Henri de Montorgueil
had dropped in there a while ago.
  The next moment a tiny ray of light
gleamed through the darkness like a star.
A small, almost fragile figure of a man,
dressed in the mud-stained clothes of a
country yokel, had turned up the shutter
of a small lantern. Bv its flickering light
he deciphered the letter which Henri de
Montorgueil had written to Lucile Clamette.
“One day before the term you name
I myself will place the papers there for you.”
  A sigh of satisfaction, quickly suppressed,
came through his thin, colorless lips, and
the light of the lantern caught the flash
of triumph in his pale, inscrutable eyes.
  Then the light was extinguished. Im-
penetrable darkness swallowed up that
slender, mysterious figure again.
V
SIX days had gone by since Chauveiin
had delivered his cruel “either—or”
to poor little Lucile Clamette; three
since he had found Henri de Montorgueils
reply to the girl’s appeal in the hollow of
Needs Must
5i
the tree. Since then he had made a careful
investigation of the chateau, and soon he
was able to settle it in his own mind as to
which room had been the boudoir of
Madame la Marquise in the past. It was
a small apartment, having direct access
to the first landing of the staircase, and the
one window gave on the rose garden at
the back of the house. Inside the monu-
mental hearth, at an arm's length up the
wide chimney, a receptacle had been con-
trived in the brickwork, with a small iron
door which opened and closed with a secret
spring. Chauvelin, whose nefarious calling
had rendered him proficient in such mat-
ters, had soon mastered the workings of
that spring. He could now open and close
the iron door at will.
  Up to a late hour on the sixth night of
this weary waiting the receptacle inside
the chimney was still empty. That night
Chauvelin had determined to spend at the
chateau. He could not have rested else-
where.
  Even his colleague, Lebel, could not know
what the possession of those papers would
mean to the discredited agent of the Com-
mittee of Public Safety. With them in his
hands, he could demand rehabilitation;
he could purchase immunity from those
sneers which had been so galling to his
arrogant soul—sneers which had become
more and more marked, more and more
unendurable, above all, more and more
menacing as he piled up failure on failure
with every encounter with the Scarlet
Pimpernel.
  Immunity and rehabilitation! This #ould
mean that he could once more measure
his wits and his power with that audacious
enemy who had brought about his downfall.
  “In Lhe name of Satan, bring us those
papers!” Robespierre himself had cried
vyith unwonted passion ere he sent him out
on this important mission. “None of us
could stand the scandal of such disclosures.
It would mean absolute ruin for us all.”
  And Chauvelin that night, as soon as
the shades of evening had drawn in, took
up his stand in the chateau in the small
inner room which was contiguous to the
boudoir.
  Here he sat beside the open wondow for
hour upon hour, his every sense on the
alert, listening for the first footfall upon
the gravel path below. Though the hours
went by leaden-footed, he was neither
excited nor anxious. The Clamette family
was such a precious hostage that the
Montorgueils were bound to comply with
Lucile’s demand for the papers by every
dictate of honor and of humanity.
  “While we have those people in our
power,” Chauvelin had reiterated to him-
self more than once during the course of
his long vigil, “even that meddlesome
Scarlet Pimpernel can do nothing to save
those cursed Montorgueils.”
  The night was dark and still. Not a
breath of air stirred the branches of the
trees or the shrubberies in the park; any
footsteps, however wary, must echo through
that perfect and absolute silence. Chauve-
lin’s keen, pale eyes tried to pierce the
gloom in the direction whence in all proba-
bility the aristo would come. Vaguely he
wondered if it would be Henri de Montor-
gueil or the old marquis himself who would
bring the papers.
  “Bah! Whichever one it is,” he mut-
tered, “we can easily get the other, once
those abominable papers are in our hands.
And, even if both Lhe aristos escape,” he
added menially, “ ’Lis no matter, once we
have the papers.”
  Far away a distant church bell struck
the midnight hour. The stillness of the
air had become oppressive. A kind of
torpor bom of intense fatigue lulled the
Terrorist’s senses to somnolence. His head
fell forward on his breast.
VI
SUDDENLY a shiver of excite-
ment went right through him. He
was fully awake now, with glowing
eyes wide open and the icy calm of perfect
confidence ruling every nerve. The sound
of stealthy footsleps had reached his ear.
  He could see nothing, either outside or
in, but his fingers felt for the pistol wrhich
he carried in his belt. The aristo was evi-
dently alone; only one solitary footstep
was approaching the chateau.
  Chauvelin had left ajar the door which
gave on the boudoir. The staircase was
on the other side of that fateful room, and
the door leading to that was closed. A
few minutes of tense expectancy went by.
Then through the silence there came the
sound of furtive footsteps on the stairs,
the creaking of a loose board and finally
the stealthy opening of the door.
52
Adventure
  In all liis adventurous carcer Chauvelin
had never fell so calm. His heart beat
quite evenly, and his senses were undis-
turbed by the slightest tingling of his
nerves. The stealthy sounds in the next
room brought the movements of the aristo
perfectly clearly before his menial vision.
The latter was earning a small dark lantern.
As soon as he entered, he flashed its light
about the room. Then he deposited the
lantern on the floor, close beside the hearth,
and started to feel up die chimney for the
hidden receptacle.
  Chauvelin watched him now as a cat
watches a mouse, savoring these few mo-
ments of anticipated triumph. Noiselessly
he pushed open the door which gave on the
boudoir. By the feeble light of the lantern
on the ground he could only see the vague
outline of the aristo’s back, bending for-
ward to his task, but a thrill went through
him as he saw a bundle of papers lying on
tiie ground close by.
  Everything was ready; the trap was set.
Here was a complete victor)' at last. It was
obviously the young Vicomte de Mont-
orgueil who had come to do the deed. His
head was up the chimney even now. The
old marquis’s back would have looked nar-
rower and more fragile. Chauvelin held his
breath; then he gave a sharp little cough
and took the pistol from his belt.
  The sound caused the aristo to turn.
The next moment a loud and merry laugh
roused the dormant echoes of the old cha-
teau, and a pleasant drawling voice said in
English:
  “I am demmed if this is not my dear old
friend M. Chambertin! Zounds, sir! Who’d
have thought of meeting you here!”
  Had a cannon suddenly exploded at
Chauvelin’s feet, he would have felt less
unnerved. For the space of two heart-
beats he stood there, his eyes glued on
his arch-enemy, that execrated Scarlet
Pimpernel, whose mocking glance, even
through the intervening gloom, seemed to
have deprived him of consciousness. But
that phase of helplessness only lasted for a
moment; the next, all the marvelous possi-
bilities of this encounter flashed through the
Terrorist's keen mind.
  Everything was ready. The trap was
set. The unfortunate Clamettes were still
the bait which now would bring a far more
noble quarry into the mesh than ever he—
Chauvelin—had dared to hope.
    He raised his pistol, ready to fire. But
 already Sir Percy Blakeney was on him,
 and, with a swift movement which the other
 was too weak to resist, he wrenched the
 weapon from his enemy's grasp.
   “Why, how hasty you are, my dear M.
 Chambertin," he said lightly. “Surely you
 are not in such a hurry to put a bullet into
 me!”
   The position now was one which would
 liave made even a braver man than Chau-
 velin quake. He stood alone and unarmed
 in face of an enemy from whom he could
 expect no mercy. But, even so, his first
 thought was not of escape. He had not
 only appraised his own danger but also the
 immense power which he held while the
 Clamettes remained as hostages in the
 hands of his colleague, Lebel.
   “You have me at a disadvantage, Sir
 Percy,” he said, speaking every whit as
 coolly as his foe. “ But only momentarily.
 You can kill me, of course, but. if 1 do not
 return from this expedition, not only safe
 and sound but with a certain packet of
 papers in my hands, my colleague, Lebel,
 has instructions to proceed at once against
 the girl, Clamette, and the whole family.'*
    “I know that well enough.” rejoined Sir
 Percy with a quaint laugh. “I know what
 * venemous reptiles you and those of your
 kidney are. You certainly do owe your life
 at the present moment to the unfortunate
 girl whom you are persecuting with such in-
 famous callousness.”
   Chauvelin drew a sigh of relief. The
 situation was shaping itself more to his sat-
 isfaction already. Through the gloom he
 could vaguely discern the Englishman’s
 massive form standing a few paces away,
 one hand buried in his breeches pocket, the
 other still holding t he pistol. On the ground
 close by the hearth was the small lantern,
 and in its dim light the packet of papers
 gleamed white and tempting in the dark-
 ness. Chauvelin’s keen eyes had fastened
 on it and saw the form of receipt for money
 with Henriot’s signature, which he recog-
 nized. on the top.
   He himself had never felt so calm. The
 only thing he could regret was that he was
 alone. Half a dozen men now, and this
 impudent foe could indeed be brought to his
 knees. And this time there would be no
 risks taken, no chances for escape. Some-
 how it seemed to Chauvelin as if something
 of the Scarlet Pimpernel’s audacity and
Needs Must
53
foresight had gone from him. As he stood
there, looking broad and physically power-
ful, there was something wavering and unde-
cided in his attitude, as if the edge had been
taken off his former recklessness and en-
thusiasm. He had brought the compromis-
ing papers here and had no doubt helped the
Montorgueils to escape. But, while Lucile
Clamette and her family were under the eye
of Lebel, no amount of impudence could
force a successful bargaining.
IT WAS Chauveiin now w'ho ap-
peared the more keen and the more
alert. The Englishman seemed un-
decided what to do next and remained
silent, toying with the pistol. He even
smothered a yawn. Chauveiin saw his op-
portunity. With the quick movement of a
cat pouncing upon a mouse, he stooped and
seized that packet of papers and would then
and there have made a dash for the door
with them; only that, as he seized the
packet, the string which held it together
gave way, and the papers were scattered all
over the floor.
  Receipts for money? Compromising let-
ters? No! Blank sheets of paper, all of
them—all except the one which had lain
tantalizingly on the top—the one receipt
signed by Citizen Henriot. Sir Percy
laughed lightly.
  “Did you really think, my good friend,”
he said, “that I would be such a demmed
fool as to place my best wreapon so readily
to your hand?”
  “Your best weapon, Sir Percy?” retorted
Chauveiin with a sneer. “What use is it to
you while we hold Lucile Clamette?”
  “While I hold Lucile Clamette, you
mean, my dear M. Chambertin,” riposted
Blakeney with elaborate blandness.
  “You hold Lucile Clamette? Bah! I
defy you to drag a whole family like that
out of our clutches. The man a cripple, the
children helpless! And you think they can
escape our vigilance when all our men are
warned! How do you think they are going
to get across the river, Sir Percy, when every
bridge is closely watched? How will they
get across Paris when at every gate our men
are on the lookout for them?”
  “They can’t do it, my dear M. Cham-
bertin,” rejoined Sir Percy blandly, “else
I were not here.”
  Then, as Chauveiin—fuming, irritated
despite himself as he always was when he
encountered that impudent Englishman—
shrugged his shoulders in token of contempt,
Blakeney’s powerful grasp suddenly clutched
his arm.
  “Let us understand one another, my
good M. Chambertin,” he said coolly.
“Those unfortunate Clamettes, as you say,
are too helpless and too numerous to
smuggle across Paris with any chance of
success. Therefore I look to you to take
them under your protection. They are all
stowed away comfortably at this moment
in a conveyance wiiich I have provided for
them. That conveyance is waiting at the
bridge-head now. We could not cross with-
out your help; we could not get across Paris
without your august presence and your tri-
color scarf of office. So you are coming
with us, my dear M. Chambertin,” he con-
tinued, and, with force which was quite ir-
resistible, he began to drag his enemy after
him toward the door. “You are going to
sit in that conveyance with the Clamettes,
and I myself will have the honor to drive
you. And at every bridge-head you will
show your pleasing countenance and your
scarf of office to the guard and demand free
passage for yourself and your family, as a
representative member of the Committee of
Public Safety.
  “And then we’ll enter Paris by the Porte
d’lvry and leave it by the Balignolles, and
everywhere your charming presence will lull
the guards’ suspicions to rest. I pray you,
come! There is no time to consider! At
noon tomorrow, without a moment’s grace,
my friend, Sir Andrew Ffoulkes, wrho has the
papers in his possession, will dispose of them
as he thinks best unless I myself claim
them from him.”
  While he spoke, he continued to drag his
enemy along with him with an assurance
and an impudence which was past belief.
Chauveiin wras trying to collect his thoughts,
a whirl of conflicting plans wrere running
riot in his mind. The Scarlet Pimpernel in
his power! At any point on the road he
could deliver him up to the nearest guard
and then still hold the Clamettes and de-
mand the papers . . .
  “Too late, my dear M. Chambertin!”
Sir Percy’s mocking voice broke in as
if divining his thoughts. “You do not
know where to find my friend, Ffoulkes,
and at noon tomorrow, if I do not arrive to
claim those papers, there will not be a single
ragamuffin in Paris who will not be crying
54
Adventure
your shame and that of your precious col-
leagues upon the housetops.’7
  Chauvelin’s whole nervous system was
writhing with the feeling of impotence.
Mechanically, unresisting now, he followed
his enemy down the main staircase of the
chateau and out through the wide open
gates. He could not bring himself to be-
lieve that he had been so completely foiled—
that this impudent adventurer had him
once more in the hollow of liis hand.
  “In the name of Satan, bring us back
those papers!” Robespierre had com-
manded, and now he—Chauvelin—was left
in a maze of doubt, and the vita! alterna-
tive was hammering in his brain, '‘The Scar-
let Pimpernel—or those papers.” Which,
in Satan's name, was the more important?
Passion whispered, “The Scarlet Pimper-
nel!” But common sense and the fuLure of
his party, the whole future of the Revolu-
tion mayhap, demanded those compro-
mising papers. And all the while he fol-
lowed that relentless enemy through the
avenues of the park and down the lonely
lane. Overhead the trees of the forest of
Sucy, nodding in a gentle breeze, seemed to
mock his perplexity.
  He had not arrived at a definite decision
wrhen the river came in sight and a carriage-
lantem threw a shaft of dim light through
the mist-laden air. Now* he felt as if he
were in a dream. He was thrust unresist-
ing into a closed chaise, wherein he felt the
presence of several other people—children
and an old man wrho was muttering cease-
lessly. As in a dream he answered ques-
tions at the bridge to a guard wrhom he
knew well.
  “You know me: Armand Chauvelin, of
the Committee of Public Safety!”
  As in a dream he heard the curt w'ords of
command—
  “Pass on, in the name of the republic!”
And all the while the thought hammered
in his brain:
  “Something must be done! This is im-
possible! This can not be! It is not I—
Chauvelin—who am sitting here, helpless,
unresisting. It is not that impudent Scarlet
Pimpernel who is sit ting there before me on
the box, driving me to utter humilia-
tion!’’
  And yet it was all true. All real. The
Clamette children w'ere sitting in front of
him, clinging to Lucile, terrified of him even
now. The old man was beside him—im-
becile and ununderstanding. The boy, Et-
iennc, was up on the box next to that auda-
cious adventurer, whose broad back ap-
peared to Chauvelin like a rock on which all
his hopes and dreams must forever be
shattered.
  The chaise rattled triumphantly through
the Batignolles. It was then broad day-
light. A brilliant early Autumn day after
the rains. The sun, the keen air, all
mocked Chauvclin's helplessness, his hu-
miliation. Long before noon they passed
St. Denis. Here the chaise turned ofF
the main road, halted at a small wayside
house—nothing more than a cottage. After
which everything seemed more dreamlike
than ever. All that Chauvelin remem-
bered of it afterward was that he was once
more alone m a room with his enemy, who
had demanded his signature to a number of
safe-conducts ere he finally handed over the
packet of papers to him.
  “How do I know' that they are all here?"
he heard himself vaguely muttering while
his trembling fingers handled that precious
packet.
  "That's just it!” his tormentor retorted
airily. “You don't know. I don’t know
myself,” he added with a light laugh.
“And personally I don't see how' either of us
can possibly ascertain. In the meanwhile
I must bid you an revoir, my dear M.
Chambertin. I am sorry that I can not
provide you with a conveyance, and you
will have to walk several kilometers ere you
meet one. I fear me. We, in the mean-
while, will be well on our way to Dieppe,
where my yacht, the Day-Dream, lies at
anchor, and I do not think that it will be
worth your while to try to overtake us. I
thank you for the sal'e-conducts. They
will make our journey exceedingly pleasant.
Shall I give your regards to M. le Marquis
de Montorgueilor to M. le Vicomtc? They
are on board the Day-Dream, you know.
Oh! I was forgetting! Lady Blakeney de-
sired to be remembered to you.”
  The next moment he was gone. Chau-
velin, standing at the window of the way-
side house, saw- Sir Percy Blakeney once
more mount the box of the chaise. This
time he ,had Sir Andrew Ffoulkes beside
him. The Clamette family were huddled
together—happy and free—inside the ve-
hicle. After which there was the usual
clatter of horses’ hoofs, the creaking of
wheels, the rattle of chains. Chauvelin
West Africa and Funkitis
55
saw and heard nothing of that. All that
he saw at the last was Sir Percy's slender
hail’d waving him a last adieu.
  After which he was left alone with
his thoughts. The packet of papers was
in his hand. He fingered it, felt its crisp-
ness, clutched it with a fierce gesture, which
was followed by a long-drawn-out sigh of in-
tense bitterness.
  No one would ever know what it had cost
him to obtain these papers. No one would
ever know how much he had sacrificed of
pride, revenge and hate in order to save a
few shreds of his own party’s honor.
WEST AFRICA AND “FUNKITIS”
            by THOMAS S. MILLER
TIEY call it the White Alan's Grave,
that western bulge in the pear-shape of
Africa,that comprises the Gold Coast,
Ivory Coast and, ominous term, the
Fever Coast. Fever Coast! And, as if
that name were not sufficiently frightening, the
young official or the young man going to a trading-
station on the Niger has to run the gantlet of
horrible tales of native deviltry and the insidious
ways of fever. It is a popular “sport” on the
out voyage for the ship’s officers and “old coasters”
to pump these tales into the newcomer, and by
dint of insistence and gravity of expression to
break through his morale, so that by the time
the ship noses into the exotic, fetid Niger delta
and dumps him into the silent, brooding, reeking,
stagnant mangrove swamps, his nerves are tensioned
to the worst.
  Perhaps his first sight is an emaciated white
being carried aboard ship, to die at sea and spare
the colony’s mortality statistics. Then there is
bound to be an idle white around to show him the
sights. He will be taken to a large shed where kit-
bags and steamer-trunks are piled high and bear
the appalling epitaph, “Effects of J—, and R— and
M—, deceased.” He may be a bidder at one of
the pathetic little auctions of these effects and do
his share in boosting the prices, for the benefit
of a mother or widow and orphans over the sea.
  He lies around that reeking swamp waiting
orders, nervously expectant of liis “first dose,”
his baptismal fever which the few whites in envy
of his beefy cheeks and obtrusive health take an
unholy delight in predicting. If he manages to
escape for a couple of weeks he becomes the target
of serious mock-sympathy and doleful prophecy.
  “If you’re not inoculated before the heat and
canned chop and the mosquitoes have enervated
you it’s a ten-to-one shot you croak. That’s the
way it was with S—. He-”
  Here follows a distressing tale. He will take to
surreptitiously popping a clinical thermometer
in his mouth.
  “Man,” he is told, “you’ve got fever, only you
don’t know it.”
  His life seems to hang on the verdict of the
mercury. He is victimized by a popular “joke”;
he is given an unreliable thermometer that adds
a few degrees to the actual condition, or the mercury
has been surreptitiously boosted. Come orders for
him to proceed to a certain station. Instantly he
is the focus of long, commiserating faces and cruel
sympathy.
  “That's the rottenest hole in Nigeria. J— died
up there, and when R— went up to relieve B—
all he found of B— was a mound in the swamp.
The niggers said he died of fever, but—it’s the
Jekri tribe up there. They’re an ugly bunch to
deal with.”
  He gets into a small launch or canoe and goes off
with blacks whom he can not talk to, into a strange
world of dense forests and glassy waters—strange
vegetation, strange animals, strange skies. He has
long, unfilled hours in which to brood himself into
“funkitis.” Eventually he arrives at the trading-
station, which is probably a rat-infested blackened
and ancient hulk moored to the jungle. The exile
there is pitifully' relieved to sec him. docs not try
to disguise the fact that to go home is to go from
hell to heaven, and with a view of “putting him
next” morbidly paints the treachery of the natives,
the deadliness of the rainy season, the awfulness
of the loneliness, the insidious peculiarities and
varieties of fever.
  “Are you well-stocked in quinine? You’d better
see that your nigger tastes your chow bt-fore you
eat; not that that is much of a safeguard, for he’ll
poison you himself if he takes a fancy to the pants
you’re wearing. There’s an interpreter here you'll
have to watch pretty close. Don’t present your
back to him. He carries a knife in his loin-cloth
and is a member of a secret society among the
blacks that is set on ridding the country of us
whites. You’ve got to be mighty careful, too,
not to offend their ju-ju superstitions. Did you
bring a deck of cards? If it hadn’t been for solitaire
I’d have gone crazy to know' how to kill time. The
white ants ate up my grips. D’ye want to sell
me your kit-bag? Ten-to-one you won't have any
use for it; this station is the rottenest on the
Niger.”
  Next day the young man finds himself a lone
white in a hostile world. Right there he starts
marking off the calendar and counting the days
to his relief and estimating his chances of living to
see it. In a word he has '‘funkitis.”
\
ROGUES' END
BY ROBERT J PEARSALL
Author of “Square," "Forty-Hint," elc.
SO, I understand, it is now called.
Then it was Land’s End—tliat
pretty little precipice behind
Cragcastle, where the rock falls
sheer a hundred feet to the usually turbulent
inlet. It lay at the narrow end of Break-
neck Gorge, the upper end of which em-
braced the isolated freak of a house known
as Cragcastle.
  Lawyer Osborne had told me his recently
deceased client, John Maxon, had built
the house. And, in truth, its remoteness
matched well with that ecc'entric provision
in his will which had caused me, a stranger
to everybody concerned, to take up a soli-
tary residence in Cragcastle. And which,
as a consequence, gave me the novel expe-
rience, on the first night of my stay there,
of sitting across the table from a visitor
whom I had just admitted and of whom
I knew absolutely nothing—except that he
intended to kill me.
  “As soon as I read of your father’s will,”
said this stranger, “I knew I had you."
  He was and was not a man of pre-
possessing appearance. Superficially, he
was handsome—well-formed, well-dressed,
in the late forties, with quite regular fea-
tures. A closer look, however, showed
that he had a coldly sensual mouth and a
brutal jaw and that liis eyes were bloodshot.
Crookdom and the underworld know such
faces well; they are the natural result of
years of vice and vicious profiteering
working upon unusual intelligence as a
basis. In my own person I should probably
never have known this man well enough to
have had him for an enemy.
  “Your father probably figured," he went
on, “that, if you were a coward, you
wouldn’t come back, and, if you changed
into a man of passable courage, fit to be
his son, you would. That was where he
made a mistake. You came back, and
still you're a coward. Li fact, you came
back because you're a coward. The money
you stole was all gone, of course. And you
figured I was probably dead or gone or
broken mentally—which last I might well
bt—and you'd rather take a chance ou
facing me than a certainty of beach-
combing it the rest of your life. A hundred
thousand is worth taking a chance for—
and even worth living in this mansion a
year for. Though mainly—” his eyes flitted
around the bare room—“it isn’t fit to house
ghosts in, and I hope yours will be—un-
comfortable.”
  Herein liis animosity caused him to
exaggerate. True, the room in which
we sat contained little else than our two
chairs and the old oak table on which he
had ordered me—somewhat to my amuse-
ment—to keep my hands. But that was
because I'd carefully denuded it of every-
thing else—sofas, chairs and the like—
before he came in. Even while he urged
the masquerade on me. Osborne had very
earnestly warned me against personal
danger, and I wanted to make quite sure
that, if I had a caller, we should sit where
we did.
  Really, Cragcastle was a fine rambling—
or rather climbing—old country house,
quite comfortably supplied, even to a tele-
phone and electric light and heat.
56
Rogues’ End
57
  But I suppose Hardridge, as my visitor
had named himself, referred mainly to its
isolation, perched as it was five hundred
yards up the seaward slope of Mount
Tamalpais, five miles from the nearest
village and four from the nearest house.
  I replied that he was hard to please,
since the setting couldn't be beaten for a
murder.
  And indeed Hardridge seemed outwardly
to have every chance of accomplishing his
intention. We both believed we were
alone in the house; he had also made
certain that I carried no weapon, and Ire
himself held an effective-looking revolver
in a clearly efficient hand. But he rested
that hand on the table, with the gun pointed
only in my general direction; so I could
have concluded the scene at any moment.
However, I didn’t want to check him yet,
there being too much I wanted to know to
let slip a chance for knowledge.
  On his part, up to now Hardridge had
been enjoying himself perfectly well in
gloating over my supposed helplessness.
Assassins are usually rhetoricians as well—
which fact has saved many lives.
  “However,” I added, “I’ll probably be
as comiortable as you, dead or alive. For,
of course, there'll be no doubt as to who
killed me. In fact, Osborne warned me
against you before I came over. He’s the
executor, you know. You’ll either hang
or go to San Quentin-”
  At that last word Hardridge’s face went
livid. His revolver flashed up, and for an
instant I thought we were both dead men.
  “- you.” he cried—it was his first
touch of real passion—“cut that. Don’t
you dare-’’
  “For a longer term than I caused you
to get last time,” I went on steadily.
“That'll be some consolation to my ghost.”
Few men will fire in the middle of
another man’s sentence; that was one
reason I completed mine. But there was
another reason, too. His outburst par-
tially confirmed a suspicion certain of his
remarks and certain things in his appearance
had given me—that he had been in prison
and believed I had sent him there, and I
wanted to prove or disprove it.
  You see, I hadn’t yet learned why he
wanted to kill me.
  “You think so,” he rasped, lowering his
revolver. “Well, you’ll not have that
comfort. Those of the ring that are left
are back of me in this, and they’ll see me
through. Because you’re a traitor doesn't
prove all men are. Because I trusted you
doesn’t prove I'm altogether a fool, either.
My getaway is safe. And I've money, too.
Plenty of it. My pro rain in that pool you
stole didn’t break me bv a long shot,
though it did break most of the others.
No, John Maxon, it’s not prison but life
that’s ahead of me—life!” he exulted.
“And for you, deaLh and the fishes! For
I’ll drop you into the bay; I wouldn't
poison the earth with you. Pah! Nothing
but poisonous toadstools could come irom
your carcass.’’
  It's not easy to hear oneself reviled so
and make no defense, but I could hardly
have opened my mouth without betraying
that I wasn’t the man he thought me.
Wliat I had gotten from Hardridge so far
was not as much knowledge as food for
conjecture. As for the smooth-talking
lawyer, Osborne, who’d drawn me into the
affair and got me to come to Cragcastle,
he’d really said nothing about Hardridge
but only warned me against danger in
general.
  Anyway, I placed little confidence in
anyUiing Osborne had told me. His ap-
pearance of candor had been too perfect
to be genuine. I’ve learned to beware of
the confessed rascal who looks me straight
in the eye—there’s always some other
deviltry hidden behind his confession.
This, I was sure, was Osborne's case.
Although the will itself—John Maxon,
Sr.’s, disposing of Cragcastle and the rest oi
the Maxon estate—was evidently genuine.
  Osborne had calmly proposed to me. a
stranger, a plan involving false impersona-
tion, perjury, theft and perhaps a few
other violations of the law. Profit, about
fifty thousand each. I couldn't pick out
the unsound spots in his proposal, except
that he wasn’t a man wrho would be content
to divide such profits evenly. Naturally
I wanted to see what was behind his
proposal, and a week must necessarily
elapse before I could sail on my own busi-
ness; so I came in with him.
  I came the more readily since I knew
I really needed some amusment to take
my mind off the absorbing problem into
which I would presently plunge It can
hardly be hinted at in the present con-
nection, but, if you remember that throne-
shattering society, the Ko Lao Hui, the
53
Adventure
part it played in die Chinese revolution
and the part it would have played had its
monstrous leader, Koshinga, lived, then
you’ll know what it meant when the word
was passed to a few of us that Koshinga
had not died. Or, rather, that a eertain
man had arisen in China who claimed to
be Koshinga. China has been my hobby
for years—anti in face of this rumor I was
chained to San Francisco for a week.
  But, to return, within twenty-four hours
after meeting Osborne I took up my solitary
residence in Cragcastle, which was the
peculiar punishment, test or merely eccen-
tric requirement imposed by the senior
Maxon’s will upon his only son and heir.
At ten o’clock of my first evening there
Osborne’s warning of immediate danger
had been substantiated. In answer to a
knock, 1 had opened the door, and Hard-
ridge had thrust his revolver against my
chest.
  To his desire to punish before killing, to
view my writhing soul as weli as my writh-
ing body, I probably owed my life. But
I'd disappointed him in the first respect,
and I felt he would soon seek the ultimate
satisfaction.
  “You’re far from complimentary,” I said.
“Crook, coward, traitor—well, maybe I’m
all three. -But you haven't yet accused
me of being a fool, and a fool I’d certainly
be if I came and played with death in this
house without seeing to my cards. And
would a coward sit in such a game quite as
calmly as I’m sitting unless he was sui'e
he held the winning hand?”
  I could tell by the violence of his re-
joinder that these two questions had been
troubling him all along.
  “A cur like you—” he began.
  I didn’t feel like enduring any more;
so I raised my right hand, that had never
shifted from its first position on the table,
a short three inches. The movement/-
caught his attention, and his eyes shifted
to the taut string that extended downward
from my closed hand, and disappeared
through a hole in the top of the table.
AND the sentence he had begun
died on his lips. It was inter-
esdng to note how, like a weakening
shadow, uncertainty flitted over his face.
There’s no threat so unnerving as a mys-
tery.
  I smiled.
  “Puzzling, isn’t it? If I were to lower
the top—so—and curve it—so—it forms a
question-mark. Well, I’ll answer the
question.” 1 pulled the string taut again
and caught his eyes and held them. “The
other end of the string—” I measured
my words—“is tied to the trigger of an
automatic. The muzzle is about two
inches from your vest. You may feel of it
if you like.
  “Oh,” I added swiftly as almost brainless
rage Hashed into his eyes, “you’d be willing
to die killing me, of course. But you can’t.;
I’ve made sure of that. I can riddle you
with bullets before you can get your re-
volver up, and the shock of the first one
will destroy your aim. That's right; sit
still— There—” as his left hand stole
under the edge of the table—“touch it
lightly, for your health’s sake. You see.
Now put your hand on the table again
and shove your revolver across the table
with your finger-dps, butt forward.
  “Don’t be foolish.” I said reasonably
as he hesitated. “Don't you understand
I’m going to let you go and give you another
chance for murder and myself another
chance for entertainment?”
  “Don’t tell me that,” rasped Hardridge
roughly but obeying me nevertheless.
“What's your game? Why don’t you
end it?”
  Of course, I was playing the part of
John Maxon, Jr., badly—that is. judg-
ing from Hardndge's conception of that
gentleman. But to act as Hardridge sug-
gested might involve unpleasant conse-
quences, being myself without the law.
Then, too. Hardridge was the only possible
open sesame I knew of to the mystery of
Osbornes real motive in persuading me
into my present masquerade.
  “We all change with the years,” I said
carelessly. “You mav leave when vou
like.”
  I picked his revolver up, glanced at it,
leveled it at him and arose.
  “But next time—” I hinted.
  “Next time,” he grated harshly, “you
get no chance for monkey-shines'”
  “Thanks!” I said. “Good night!”
  He got to his feet slowly and turned away
slowly, glaring at me the while and plainly
loath’ to go. The fury that was in his eyes,
the fixed hatred that smoldered behind
it, told me what a dangerous enemy I was
loosing. And no wonder. For it was I,
Rogues’ End
59
according to his evident belief, who had
wreaked havoc upon his life and con-
demned him to years of solitary brooding
in a prison cell.
  I recalled with an inward grimace how
Osborne had shaken hands with me that
morning and wished me well, knowing,
as he must have known, that I was marked
for the vengeance of this man. What
chance had he really-felt there was that he
would ever see me again? Or had it really
been his belief—and possibly his hope—
that I’d kill Hardridge instead? Every
thread of the tangle went back to the
central mystery of Osborne’s purpose in
the matter.
  I remembered that I had had to give
some proof* of my ability to take care of
myself in a pinch before Osborne would
open negotiations with me at all. Surely
that indicated no desire to furnish Hard-
ridge with a victim.
  Mystified as I was, however, I think I did
not permit Hardridge to guess it, and it
was with an intent to carry the tiling off
lightly that I said to liim—
  ‘‘I suppose you’ll haunt the house like a
specter and all that sort of thing.”
  “By -, you know I will,” he shot
viciously over his shoulder.
  Letting him go was really taking a little
flyer in Death, Limited, and I knew it.
  Then happened the second peculiar thing
of the night. Just as Hardridge put out
his hand to open the door, in the silence,
following the cessation of our footsteps,
I heard unmistakably the sound of some
one else moving in the house.
  It was difficult to believe, for early in
the afternoon I had carefully barred all
doors and windows. It could hardly be
an accomplice of Hartridge, but, to cover
the sound from him, I asked him if he had
another gun and ran my hand over his
pockets. His snarl at my touch was like a
wild beast’s.
  “Then you may need this one,” I said
as I pushed him out into the night.
  And, as I closed the door upon him,
I	flung his revolver after him. The act
was, I think, based upon sound strategic
principles. It would be very easy for him to
get another gun but very difficult to forget
my carelessness as to whether he had one.
  But, the moment the key was turned in
the lock, I wiiirled and darted across the
room. The inner door of the room opened
into a hall that ran the length of the house.
I passed through that door and was about
to cross the hall into the parlor opposite
when another sound decided me. I ran
down the hall and through the first door
to the left into the library, which adjoined
the parlor to the rear. After fumbling for
a moment for the electric light switch,
I finally found it.
  I'd been prepared for strange things when
I came to Cragcastle. Indeed, the remote-
ness and solitude of its setting, surrounded
by miles of black rock and chaparral-
covered mountainside, save to the east,
where the water eternally beat and lapped
against its foundations, gave the house an
appearance of being fashioned for mystery
and framed in it. And my interview with
Hardridge had been sufficiently remarkable
to have prepared me for almost anything.
Nevertheless, I admit my credulity was
staggered then.
  A woman’s figure flashed through the
doorway that led back into the parlor.
The door slammed shut behind her.
  It was in no gentle mood that I pursued
her. Remember, to me she was at best a
housebreaker, and I suppose my nerves
were somewhat tense and jumpy, too.
She got into the hall before I caught her arm
in a grip that must have hurt, and I'm
afraid it was with scant courtesy that I
drew her back into the parlor.
  But, once there and the Tights turned on,
I like to remember I released her quickly.
  “I beg your pardon, miss,” I said.
II
IT’S been a saving principle of mine
to apply as little thought as possible
to feminine beauty. This from,
I hope, no innate lack of appreciation in
me—but I’ll omit self-analysis and simplv
say that it was something more than beauty
that made me instinctively apologize to the
intruder. Character was stamped on her
sensitive yet sanely strong and sensible
face. Whatever the reason for her presence
in Cragcastle, it could not be a guilty
one, and suddenly I felt guilty under the
blazing wrath of her clear blue eyes. As
for the unveiled contempt in them, it was
as hard to endure as it was, for a moment,
to understand.
  But, when she spoke, I understood it—
at least in part.
6o
Adventure
  “Well, Cousin John,” with icy bitterness,
“what are you going to do?”
  She, too, like Hardridge, had imme-
diately accepted me in my assumed char-
acter of John Maxon. That was quite
natural, for who else would be occupying
Cragcastle? But to be addressed by her
as “Cousin” was somewhat different. The
late John Maxon, Jr., had, according
to Osborne, no near relatives at all. That
had been one of Osborne’s best arguments
why I might, in safety and with no great
moral guilt, lake his place. If it had been
a lie, Osborne must have known I would
very shortly discover it. I suppose my
stare at the girl must have been quite
idiotic.
  “Have you come back witless as well as
everything else?” she asked sharply. “Can’t
you speak?”
  I could see that under the surface she
was really frightened. She was trying the
old device of simulating—and perhaps
stimulating—courage by hard words.
  “I’m naturally astonished,” I said.
“What are you doing here?”
  “Merely paying a cousinly call, of
course.” She laughed mirthlessly.
  “I think you'd better answer me,” I told
her quietly. “This is my house; it’s nearly
midnight; you’ve evidently gained entrance
by steal til. In other words, you’re in the
position of a common burglar. The fact
that you’re my cousin will not prevent
me from turning you over to the police.”
  “I suppose not. The tarred stick would
blacken the whole branch. The family
name-”
  “You should have thought of that before
breaking into my house.” It was a rare
part, for me, playing the stem landlord.
  “I’m not begging,” she replied tartly.
“Do what you will. Of course, you know
what I’m doing here. There’s only one
thing worth coming for—and that by
rights belongs to me, anyway. Or rather,
to my father. If your father hadn’t
stolen it——”
  “What do you mean? Don’t say that.”
“He did, and you know it. It belonged
to father. It w'as willed to him—all he
got out of the estate—because he was the
eldest son. It’s always been so, and grand-
father wouldn’t break the chain even for
your father’s lies. Then it disappeared.
Who could have taken it except the man
who got everything else, who had every
opportunity—your father! Why, didn’t
he tell fa tier he had it—gloat over it—
and that it would never be discovered save
by his son, you?”
  1 was getting quite beyond my depth.
One thing was clear, however; 1 was
relieved of all obligation toward Lawyer
Osborne. By his multiplied falsehoods
he had discredited once more the prettv
bedraggled saying, “Honor among thieves.”
Moreover, it seemed likely I might progress
faster in solving the riddle if I doffed my
mask before this girl—in whose presence,
I admit, the wearing of it had become
rather odious.	-
  “Why, no.” I said. “I must admit all
that’s a riddle to me. Because, you see,
I’m not your cousin.”	•
  “Not my—cousin?”
  In her bewilderment and increased fear
she retreated a step, her hand going up as
if to ward me off.
  “Merely an imposter,” I told her as
gently as I could, “but, I assure you,
a perfectly harmless one. Your cousin
being dead, 1 planned to take his place—
for a day or so, and-”
  In the middle of my stumbling half-
explanation I observed incredulity come
into her face, part of which, I flattered
myself, was caused by a new and swift
appraisal of me.
  “But that’s impossible,” she interrupted.
“Thank you,” I said, “but it's unfor-
tunately true.”
  “But how'— I don’t understand! Oh,
it isn’t possible!”
  Neither could I understand why her
credulity had passed so swiftly into absolute
disbelief. Her only question now seemed
to be as to my motive in denying myself.
  It was unpleasant. I’m not accustomed
to having my word doubted, and I par-
ticularly wanted to be believed by this girl.
So I told her as convincingly as possible
and in as few’ words the whole story of mv
presence in Cragcastle.
  I’d really been brought into touch with
Lawyer Osborne through a want ad.,
obviously designed to attract every near-
respectable world tramp in San Francisco
between certain age, weight and height
limits. Osborne had quizzed me until he
discovered that I had no acquaintances
within a thousand miles and that I appar-
ently matched his misuse of the law
with a profound contempt for it—which,
Rogues’ End
61
incidentally, was his error. Then he’d told
me that one of his clients, John Maxon,
had just died; that his son and only heir,
John Maxon, Jr., had been killed about
the same time in a saloon brawl in Hong
Kong; that this son had been absent
about five years, a ne’er-do-well wanderer,
much of the time under assumed names;
that in feature and stature I bore a very
strong resemblance to him, and that only
he, Osborne, knew of this son’s death.
  Osborne’s proposal was, of course, that
I substitute for this dead son, which I
might do the more easily since a freak
provision in old man Maxon’s will provided
that his son live alone in Cragcastle six
months before inheriting. This evidently
because he had fled from some danger and
his father wished to test his courage and
worthiness—but of this Osborne knew
nothing. At the end of six months my
identity as John Maxon would be easily
established—to Osborne’s satisfaction, at
least—and Osborne and I would split the
estate.
      WHILE I was telling her this, the
girl's expression gradually changed
from incredulity to utter amaze-
ment, and she apparently had hard work
to keep from interrupting me. At the end,
after hesitating a moment, she confounded
me and upset my whole tale by four as-
tounding words—
  “But John isn’t dead.”
  “What!”
  The girl’s confidence came slowly. But,
after all, I had given her mine, and frank-
ness begets frankness. Finally, after ap-
parently considering the matter, she went
on:
  “No! At least he sailed from China
alive. Osborne himself showed me his
cable at date of sailing. Then I have a
letter he wrote a few days before—a very
brief business letter. We weren’t friends.
His ship reached San Francisco last Satur-
day.”
  “Then Osborne lied all around,” I said
slowly. “After all, I sensed it. But, in
the name of reason, why?”
  It appeared like a stiff enough problem,
but I was more than ever glad I’d come to
Cragcastle.
  The girl continued to regard me ap-
praisingly, cautiously, but I seemed to
have leaped several points in her estimation
from legal cousin to illegal imposter—
as strong a commentary- as I’d yet had on
John Maxon’s character. Nevertheless, I
still considered her apparent lack of fear
as largely brave subterfuge, and I tried
hard to reassure her. We were both
searchers—I for the truth, she for some-
thing materially valuable—and, if I could
win her confidence, there might be a chance
of mutual help.
  “I want you to believe,” I told her
earnestly and truthfully, “that I didn't
intend to go through with the thing.
Curiosity isn't wholly a feminine vice.
Miss Maxon. I knew Osborne was lying,
and I wanted to see what was really in his
mind. And he never said a word about
you. According to him, John Maxon
was the only heir. I thought I’d step
into the affair without troubling any one,
and get out the same way. If I'd really
intended to stick, would I have confessed
my masquerade to you as quickly as I did?”
  I still think that last was a logical argu-
ment, and it was to that I returned several
times during the five minutes talk that
followed. But perhaps the reason Miss
Maxon finally permitted herself to believe
me was that she wanted to. Perhaps she
had all the time held the idea of enlisting
me in her own search. But, when I finally
brought the talk around to it again, she
refused to discuss it.
  “No,” she said. “It doesn’t matter.
I shouldn’t have come, anyhow. Oh, I must
go now.”
  And she made a hurried move as if to
escape into the night.
  At that I suddenly remembered that
Death watched Cragcastle that night, and,
though I stood squarely in her path, I
refused to stir.
  “Wait!” I said earnestly. “I’ve some-
thing else to tell you. Something for your
own safety. Tell me first when and how
you came here and how you got into the
house?”
  “Why, I walked out from the village—
Mill Valiev*, I mean—this morning. I had
a bundle of old keys and finally got the
front door open. I was here when you
came. We had a fine game of hide-and-
seek, though you didn’t know it. I thought
I’d escape discovery till you went to sleep
and then leave,”
  “After searching a little more. I suppose.'
I supplied. “Well, you came out of your
6 2
Adventure
hiding-place to see if I’d settled down,
and— Did you hear voices just before
I caught you?”
  “Yes."
  And then 1 told her of my interview
with Hardridge and tried to make it clear
to her that it would be difficult to leave
Cragcastle that night without stopping a
bullet. I argued the more convincingly
because even then, in a nebulous way, the
plan I later acted on was forming in my
mind.
  But, to put it through, I must win Miss
Maxon’s confidence completely.
  My exact arguments don’t matter. And,
anyway, the personal element figures mainly
in matters of this kind. Any one would
find it hard to tell me why she should not
have stayed in the house. And she ad-
mitted, at last, that no one would be
concerned about her whereabouts. She
was teaching in San Bernardino, had come
north during the few days of vacation and
was merely registered at one of the San
Francisco hotels.
  After that she quite readily told me
the object of her search in Cragcastle.
I’d already divined that it was family
jewelry; she centered the search to a single
sapphire—a sapphire that had come down
in the Maxon family for many generations,
always from telder son to elder son, until
John Maxon, Sr., had broken the chain.
He was the younger of two brothers and the
favorite with their father. Indeed, be-
tween the other son and their parent had
come a wide estrangement—the girl gave
me to understand that it was through some
machination on the part of John Maxon.
Anyway, all the family estate had been
willed to John Maxon, except only' the
famous sapphire—and that had disap-
peared.
  And Miss Maxon was sure her uncle,
John Maxon, had stolen it and, being un-
willing to dispose of it and unable to display
it, had kept it hidden all these years. She
said he had even boasted of the theft to
her father. And she was sure it was still
in Cragcastle, where he had suddenly and
unexpectedly died.
  Was it? It seemed a fantastic tale but
not an incredible one. A great gem and
family strife—how related are the two
ideas! And I had — considering the
proverb, “Like father, like son”—no reason
to think over highly of the paternal an-
cestor of John Maxon, Jr. He might
easil) be a man who would steal for spite
and gloat over his stealings in secret. Of
all forms of wealth, jewels lend themselves
most easily to this form of vice—as witness
history. Truly the love of jewels—but
1 suppose my belief in Esther Maxon's
story was very largely based on my real
desire to help her.
  “Please don't think that—that it’s for
myself. But my father’s quite ill—has
been for years. He's never had—proper
care. 1 don’t make enough as a teacher,
and, if we could get the sapphire and sell
it-”
  “1 11 get it for you/’ I said. “Or 1 think
I can.”
  For her tale of the sapphire had given
me the second half of the idea I needed.
 “Oh! How?”
  “Not by searching. We might search
a year and never find it. Your uncle had
a good many years to contrive a hiding-
place. But, if it's in this house, I think
I can get it. I’ll try, anyway.”
  I wasn't too sure. But. if my mental
laborings had borne true fruit—if I'd
judged accurately the character of the
suddenly resurrected John Maxon and his
motive in having Osborne inveigle me into
impersonating him at Cragcastle—then we
had a chance.
  For, of course, if John Maxon were alive,
he was the principal, Osborne only the
agent. I thought it quite clear, too, why
he should temporarily desire an understudy
in the play called life. In short, I simply
took for granted the truth of Hardridge s
description of him, thought what such a
man would do in such a case as he had
found himself on reading his father’s will—
and in such and such another case—and
mapped my moves accordingly.
  Without telling her any tiling of my plan,
I finally got Miss Maxon to retire for the
night. Indeed, she was very tired. There
were bedrooms in the second story of the
house, and 1 led her to one that had strong
shutters over the window and confidence-
inspiring bolts.
  Then I went to the cellar, got twenty
feet of light rope and passed through the
house again to the front door. Taking
my revolver in my hand, I opened the door
and darted through it. Hastily I turned
the key in the lock. Then I leaped away
from the door and across the roadway
Rogues' End
63
  into a narrow trail that led through
  the chaparral down the mountainside.
  Throughout I made it appear that I was
  rather clumsily and nervously trying to
  escape unseen.
     Of course, my intention was precisely
   the opposite.
     I assumed that Hardridge would be as
   easily fooled in such matters as the average
   city-bred man.
Ill
        IT WAS a quite dark night. A
  ■j&S? low, thin mist had drifted up from
  the sea, and through it the light
  of the stars and of a ghostly hall-moon
  filtered uncertainly. From the beginning
  of the trail I looked back a scant twenty
  yards to the house and saw only a bulky
  gray shadow. Besides that and the near-by
  chaparral I could see nothing. The light
  of the string of villages from the foot of
  Tamalpais to the ferry passage, the inter-
  mittent flash of Alcatraz and even the
  white radiance that San Francisco usually
  flings against the sky were all blotted out
  by the mist.
    So, although I knew that humanity,
  society and the law were all very close at
  hand, it didn’t seem so strange that I should
  be crouching primitively in the edge of the
  brush, my nerves strung up, straining my
  senses for a sign of Hardridge.
    Which wasn’t long coming. The
  chaparral crackled to my right. A cautious
  foot planted itself on the roadway—I
  judged about thirty paces lower down.
  There were more footsteps; Hardridge
  came closer. Just when, by craning my
  neck out of the brush, I could see him
  outlined shadowily, I made a slight noise
  with my foot. Instantly a revolver
  cracked, and the bullet hit the road a
  little beyond me.
    And instantly I had turned and was
  moving cautiously—yet not so cautiously
  that Hardridge could not hear my move-
  ments—down the trail.
Hardridge, of course, started in pursuit,
as I had intended, and—ostensibly hunted,
really hunter—I quickened my flight. I
made only enough noise so that the sound
. of my movements would come to Hard-
| ridge’s ears above the noise of his own.
f Which was really considerable. Hard-
ridge’s pursuit, at once freighted by excess
of caution and hurried by hate, was so
laughably awkward that I knew—barring
accidents—I'd be able to accomplish at
least the first item of my plan.
  The trail here descended sharply. On
both sides the shrubbery was as thick
as an abandoned vineyard. Here and
there low chaparral thrust arresting, thorn-
tipped branches across the trail and tore
at my flesh and clothing. Underfoot the
ground was uneven, uncertain, strewn with
small stones that were easily dislodged and
with dead leaves that crackled. Still I
was able in some way to control the sound
of my passage and to move with less and
less of noise every minute.
  Hardridge was now about twenty yards
behind me, but he was rapidly lessening
the distance. Also, he was rapidly lessen-
ing his caution. Probably the diminishing
sound of my flight excited him with the
thought that I was escaping. Now and
then I purposely broke a twig or brushed
a branch so he’d know I w’as still in motion.
Once, straightening up. I thrust my head
above the chaparral. He fired, but I had
ducked out of sight again before his finger
jerked the trigger. I intended the move-
ment to enrage him still further, like a
mocking gesture.
  The game was, I suppose, slightly unfair,
for Hardridge was blinded both by passion
and inexperience. But he had brought it
on himself. Besides, as things stood now,
I was really working toward the end Hard-
ridge himself desired. At least I so
believed.
  A little farther and my flight ended.
The trail led straight on, but to the right
a narrow opening between two clumps of
shrubbery attracted me. I stopped oppo-
site that opening, drew up my feet and
backed into it. Then I picked up a pebble
and tossed it down the trail. It struck
the ground perhaps five yards beyond where
I lay and bounced and rolled a little.
  Hardridge probably believed, as I in-
tended he should, that the pebble had been
dislodged by my foot. Anyway, he came
blindly 011 until I could have reached out
and touched him. There he stopped as if
he had sensed my nearness and was men-
tally feeling for me. If it hadn’t been for
his labored breatiling, he might have heard
me stir and set myself for the leap.
  As it was, the butt of my revolver crashed
against his forehead while he still stood
64
Adventure
there—waiting, it seemed, for the blow.
He reeled backward, and I caught him and
twisted his arms behind his back. He was
only partially stunned, and he struggled
feebly while I tied his wrists together.
  “Maxon! - you, Maxon!” he mut-
tered. And, as full strength and con-
sciousness came to him with* complete
realization of his helplessness, the strength
of his expletives kept pace with his growing
rage. Nevertheless, 1 could hardly dis-
agree with most of his expletives as applied
to die individual whose life I’d borrowed;
so, while I finished binding his arms securely
to his body, 1 let him talk on. Then—
  “Why don’t I kill you, dien, if I’m all
that?” I asked.
  It was my intention to give him a doubt
to start on. If I’d flatly denied being John
Maxon, Hardridge would hardly have be-
lieved me; besides, it wasn’t in the game.
But it was in the game that he be made
to regard that possibility—as a possibility.
  “Whyr didn’t I kill you a few hours ago
or a few minutes or any time between?
I could’ve, you know. As easily as I could
kill you now. Of course, you realize that.
You’re really as helpless out here as an
infant.”
  “Cut that, you-”
  It is unpleasant to see a man fairly sob
with rage. I suppose part of that rage
was at himself for being so easily trapped
and mastered.
  “I’m going to gag you,” I went on when
he’d quite finished, “take you back to die
house and lock you in a closet. There
you’ll stay all day. You’ll be regularly
fed; I want you to keep up your strength.
In fact, I’ve a particular reason for wanting
it. In the evening you’ll be unbound and
die gag removed, but you’ll be still kept
in die closet—and be sure the door of it will
be covered by my gun. You should know
by this time that I don’t make mistakes.
Now, why do you suppose I’m doing all
that?”
  “How the devil should I know? I sup-
pose you’re calling in your friends, the
police.”
  “Try again,” I said. “I needn’t go to
all that trouble to get the police. But
Fra merely suggesting that maybe you
haven’t quite plumbed this thing yet.
Put your diink-tank to w'ork and try to
figure things out. You’ll have lots of time
in that closet.”
  He emitted a sound between a curse and
a groan. I think he was looking forward
into those black hours when he’d be alone
with his hatred, balked, bound and help-
less.
  “You d better kill me now, John Maxon,”
ne said.
  “John Maxon probably would,” I replied.
  And then I dapped on the gag, giving
him that besides a new thought to chew on.
It was perhaps the impact of that new
thought on his brain that made him quite
easy to manage on thejvay back to Crag-
casde.
  I put him into the hall closet, which was
built into the wall between the doors of
the dining-room and reception-room. It
was small enough that he w-ould have
practically no liberty of movement even if
he got free from the rope; the door was
strong, and I could figure no chance of his
escape. Nevertheless, I placed a barricade
of furniture against the wall. Then I went
to the telephone.
  The wires of which—think of it!—Hard-
ridge had omitted to cut. I’ve often won-
dered, of dunderwittedness and crime,
which is the cause and which the effect.
Hardridge had been, as I was to learn next
day, among the higher-ups of crimedom,
but even he neglected so obvious a thing
as the cutting of a telephone wire.
mOF COURSE, I’d provided myself
with Osborne’s home as well as
office address, and. bv employing
the ancient but usually effective catch
phrase, “Matter of life or death.” I finally
got a sleepy somebody to promise to call
him. I admit that, aside from the fact
that the hour was a suitable one for the
message I had for him, there was something
satisfying in the idea of dragging the com-
fort-loving lawyer from his bed at two in
the morning.
  “Hello! Hello! Yes, this is Osborne.
What is it?”
  I hardly recognized the voice whose
suave tones had drawn me into this ad-
venture. Irritable as it was, there was
clearly a touch of nervous dread in it, too.
That nervous dread, the jerky, frightened
notes of my own voice were by no means
intended to allay.
  “This is Part— No, no, I mean it’s
Maxon. That’s it, John Maxon. Are
you alone?”
Rogues’ End
65
  It was interesting to notice how the
alchemy of imagination and an evil con-
science transmuted my make-believe agi-
tation into real panic at the other end of the
wire. Osborne’s voice, when it came again,
fairly shook.
  “Yes. Practically, that is. I don’t
think— Wait a minute.” 1 think he
closed a door. “Now. But be careful over
the ’phone. What lias happened?”
“Nothing! That is— Well, I’m leav-
ing, that’s all. I can’t go through with it.
That’s aU. Good-”
  “Here, wait a minute,” Osborne cried in
alarm. “Don’t hang up. Wait a minute.
Where are you?”
  “In Cragcastle, where you sent me,”
I said nervously and half angrily.
  “Well— Has any tiling— What’s hap-
pened?”
  “Nothing. I told you—nothing.”
  “But something has. It must’ve, or
you wouldn't— You’re right to be careful,
but I must know. For your sake—pro-
tection, as well as— Listen! I’ll ask ques-
tions. I warned you of danger, you re-
member.”
  “Yes.”
  “Well, did it materialize?”
  “Yes.”
  “Ah!” Osborne’s voice dropped a key.
“Is it—ended?”
  He pronounced the last word so signifi-
cantly that there was no mistaking the
meaning. It was the lawyer’s safe way of
asking, over the wire, if Hardridge was
dead.
  “Yes,” I replied.
  And thought I heard, over the twenty
miles that separated us, a quick, sharp
breath of relief.
  “And—and I’m going,” I continued.
“It’ll be—discovered. I had to-”
  “All right,” he interrupted me sharply.
“Take care. I quite understand. You
had to— But I suppose you’re quite
right—to go away. We’ll have to give up
the other project.”
  I thought he was almost too quick, for
realism, to put aside the hope we were both
supposed to have of dividing the Maxon
estate. But, of course, I was also sup-
posed to be quite unsuspicious that our
contract in regard to that estate was a
farce and that my function from the be-
ginning had been to kill or be killed by
Hardridge.
  “I’m glad you agree. Well, good-by!”
“Wait a minute. Tell me. Was it only
one? Was he alone?”
  “Yes.”
  “Have you any money?”
  I was waiting for that question. I knew
he’d ask it, because both he and his principal
would certainly desire that I travel far and
speedily, and I’d led him to believe I was
penniless.
   I laughed in a self-satisfied a fashion as I
could manage and threw a touch of im-
pudent boasting into my tone.
  “Plenty of it.”
  “Good,” said Osborne somewhat per-
plexedly. “I’m glad of that. But I’d
like to know— Can’t you tell me-”
  “I’m off,” I warned.
  “Where it is?” he finished desperately.
“It’ll have to be disposed of, you know.
Where’ll I—whoever goes over—find it?”
It was clear, of course, that he spoke of
Hardridge’s body—another inquiry that it
was quite inevitable he should make.
  “You might look,” I said with a sort of
boastful gibe, “near the place old man
Maxon hid his sapphire.”
  “What’s that? What do you know
about—” The lawyer’s voice mounted
excitedly.
  “Goo'd-by.”
  I hung up the receiver.
  A moment later the ’phone began ringing
furiously as if Osborne had managed to
communicate to the inanimate instrument
something of his own agitation. Then
I cut the wire—as Hardridge should have
done.
  And I pulled a couch out of the parlor,
placed it near the door behind which
Hardridge was imprisoned, lay down on it
and was soon asleep. Morning was only
a few hours off, and I was quite confident
nothing would happen till then. Or, in-
deed, till the covering darkness of the follow-
ing night. That is, if I divined correctly
the nature of the man for whom I waited.
  Which was, of course, not Osborne.
Osborne was strictly an office worker. He
might be imagined playing any sort of
crooked game in the world—but through
intermediaries only. His own physical
participation and his own personal peril
would always be missing elements. No;
the man who would come to see to the
safety of the Maxon sapphire would be the
man who thought it his property—the
66
Adventure
man who, using Osborne as agent, had
attempted to bejfool me to his own place
under the Damoelean sword.
IV
LOOKING back, I’ve always felt
the day that followed was one of
the most remarkable of my life—
and I speak of the day, not of the night
with its element of tragedy. The day was
remarkable for its very lack of that element
—for its very unremarkableness. I hold
that, with such a night as had passed fresh
in our memories, with Hardridge impris-
oned, with the arrival of the man whom
Hardridge had vowed to kill presumably
impending and with the girl's fortune and
possibly more than one life depending upon
the denouement, it was no commonplace
thing that the day slipped by, to Miss
Maxon and me, much like a pleasant holi-
day outing.
  For I finally persuaded her to stay until
the working out of my plan. Concerning
which, by the way, I told her as little as
possible. It’s always much easier to agree
on an end than on the means, and it doesn’t
always pay to tell everything even to the
people in whose interest one may be
working.
  We talked about a great many things,
mainly impersonal, and even took several
short walks. One of those walks took us to
the place that was then called Land’s End.
It was Miss Maxon who suggested it; I
knew nothing until then of the trap-like
canon at the rear of the house, with its
wide mouth and narrow exit upon the sea.
But we had no sooner arrived at the railing
that guarded that exiL, where we could
look down some hundred feel into white
surf, than Miss Maxon was seized with a
violent fit. of trembling and suggested that
we return. It was the only sign of real
agitation I saw in her that day.
  That was late m the afternoon and the
last time we left the house.
  Breakfast and lunch had been largely
makeshifts, but dinner that evening was
a triumph, Osborne having supplied the
house for my residence fairly well and Miss
Maxon proving herself a miraculous cook.
After we’d eaten, I took his share of the
meal in to Hardridge, whom I found in a
state of eager expectancy. He evidently
remembered my promise that he’d be un-
bound at nightfall, and I didn't disappoint
him. Instead of standing over him with
drawn revolver while he ate, as I’d done
before, I simply released his hands and left,
him fumbling wildly but with stiff and
awkward fingers at his gag. I wanted to
get away from him More lie could ask me
in words the eager question Lhat had been
staring out of his overbright eves all day.
  “Now, don’t be a fool," I told him
through the closing door. “You can't
get out, and you don’t want to get out,
and you don’t want to make a noise. Be
quiet, and you’ll lie-glad of it later/’
  And I bolted the door without locking it
and then pressed a button that projected
from tiie wall near the d<x»r jamb. I heard
a pleased exclamation from Hardridge as
the electric light came on within liis cell.
Thereafter he was silent, but, whether
because of my advice or because Miss
Maxon and I remained so close to the closet
that he could hear our occasional move-
ments, I do not know.
  For by then it was quite dark, and. after
another little preparation for what was
to come, I joined Miss Maxon in the dining-
room. The partition between this room
and the reception-room split the inner wall
of the closet, and the house was so quiet
that we could sometimes hear Hardridge
breathe. We had turned on no lights save
that within the closet; so from without
the place no doubt appeared absolutely
deserted.
  Everything was silent and dark. In the
two hours that wTe sat there, I found time
to go over several times every incident
connected with my peculiar visit to Crag-
castle. My interest—desultory at first but
rapidly quickening—in the Chronicle want
ad.; my carefully worded letter in answer
and Osborne's skilfully alluring and yet
noncommittal reply; our meeting—I sup-
pose I was one of some hundreds of appli-
cants. most of whom were disposed of by
the oflice boy; Osborne's quick inspection,
his clever cross-examination, his devious
approach to the subject of the missing heir.
Our agreement, and my arrival in mas-
querade at Cragcastle. My interview with
Hardridge, not wholly unexpected, yet a
very curious one, filled with much that
needed explanation. My startling discov-
ery of the presence of the girl, and her still
more startling revelations. The conception
and partial working out of my plan, the
Rogues’ End
67
success of which hung on the next few
hours.
  Throughout, I reflected, I had been for-
tunate; things had worked out very much
as I had planned and expected. My first
motive in the affair had been almost com-
pletely satisfied; only one question re-
mained unanswered—that of the cause of
Hardridge’s hatred of John Maxon. There
remained my awakened desire to serve
Miss Maxon, and in that I hoped that
Fate—it is my egotistic conceit to some-
times regard myself as Fate’s co-con-
spirator—would help me.
  As for Miss Maxon, she would have been
either more or less than the very natural
woman she was had she not felt fear in
those hours. Indeed, she had no tangible
reason for placing confidence in me—
rather the reverse. It was largely because
of that fact that I had urged her to stay
in Cragcastle. Sometimes I thought it
was partly because of that fact that she
had stayed. Perhaps she wanted to be
on hand at the finding of the sapphire—
if it were found. Well, my wish corre-
sponded. If it were not found, I wanted
her to know it and be sure of it.
  I had, in fact, a remarkably strong desire
to stand well in the estimation of Miss
Maxon. And I was meditating upon this
and also upon the problems connected
with the Ko Lao Hui when we both heard
quick, nervous steps coming up the gravel
path in front of the house. I whispered a
wholly unnecessary' warning to Miss Maxon
to keep quiet. Neither of us made a sound,
but both were on our feet when the key
of the newcomer grated in the lock of the
front door.
WHEN—after the front door had
opened and closed again—the hall
lights were switched on by some
one who seemed perfectly familiar with
their surroundings, I was standing just
within the dining-room door, with Miss
Maxon perhaps a pace behind me. As the
man for whom we had waited started down
the hall, I heard the slightest stirring in
the closet, which indicated that Hard-
ridge was also alert.
  The visitor, however, passed the door
of the closet without pausing and came on
unhesitatingly down the hall. The parlor
and the reception-room he had already
passed; there remained but two possible
objectives, the library and the room wherein
Miss Maxon and I watched. That he
should turn into the latter had been a
chance I had been compelled to take; if
he did, the adventure would be apt to end
speedily and crudely. But great jewels,
I had reasoned, are not often concealed in
dining-rooms.
  Yet, as the girl and I held our breaths,
he passed our door, too, without a glance
at the obscurity beyond it.
  Though he could hardly have seen us
had he looked our way, he was fully re-
vealed by the hall light. The one look
I had of him was hardly reassuring for the
success of the game I had in mind. If we
had ever looked alike, then I owed it to my
self-respect to believe that Maxon had
changed greatly. But, indeed, I suppose
he had, for life stamps every face with
life’s own mark, and Maxon’s face had
become a danger signal of vice and coward-
ice. Now I was -very glad I hadn’t worn
my borrowed identity long.
  There was now' only one door into which
Maxon could turn, and he entered the
library .across the hall without hesitation,
like one sure of his objective. I felt a
touch on my arm and looked around into
Miss Maxon’s eyes, very close. They
seemed to flash me at once a warning and
question, and I shook my head reas-
suringly. There wras no chance of Maxon’s
passing out except by the front door. To
a man of his temperament nothing could
be less attractive than the gloom and
desolation of the black rocks that flanked
the rear exit.
  The sound of Maxon’s movements had
ceased. He had only been feeling for the
switch, for now', peering obliquely dowm
the hall, I saw the library lights flash on.
It seemed that he crossed the room; there
was another moment of silence and then
a sort of rending, scraping sound.
  Which sound was, w'e afterward learned,
the spring-impelled opening of a small
door in the library wall and the tearing of
the wall-paper that had been put on over it.
Behind which door was a small vault, of
which I suppose only John Maxon, Sr.,
had the knowledge and the key until he had
passed it on to his son.
  Maxon had the sapphire—I knew so
much from his low exclamation of relief.
Hardridge must have heard it, too, for he
stirred uneasily in his prison room. Miss
68
Adventure
Maxon’s breathing quickened, while I—
Well, I held in ray hand almost literally
the key to the unexpected, and ray egotism
was pleasantly stirred.
  Maxon came out of the library, now with
a quickened movement and on tiptoe.
He passed our door, bent over, fleeing.
We heard something. Was it a bolt that
had been drawn? John Maxon stopped
short.
  A door was flung \iolentlv open. It was
the door behind which Hardridge, up to a
scanty thirty seconds before, had been
confined. And instantly I stepped out into
the hall behind Maxon. In fact, I stepped
out and Hardridge burst out at the same
minute. The effect was that we faced each
other in the well-lighted hall with Maxon
midway between us.
  Hardridge looked—well, to exaggerate
but slightly, like a devil’s nightmare come
alive, crouching for the spring. For, of
course, he instantly thought of me, whom
he’d got into the habit of trying to kill.
But he saw Maxon in the hall instead
and then me over Maxon s shoulder, and
bewilderment flashed into his face and
matched his rage. The doubt I’d tried
to suggest to him, suddenly reinforced,
checked his rush.
  I had intended, when I'd shaped mat ters
so far, to put that doubt fairly in the form
of a question, but John Maxon himself
made it unnecessary, had answered that
question before it was asked in a gesture
of self-betrayal He staggered back—
threw up his hands.
  “Hardridge!” he croaked.
  Something in his right hand left a streak
of light behind it, like a shooting star.
  Aijd Hardridge, arriving at the truth too
quickly for memory or logic, recognizing
his enemy by a species of instinct, would
have leaped in dreadful silence at Maxon’s
throat. But I jerked my revolver up and
covered them both.
  “One minute,” I said. “Well, Maxon.
Yes. I’m the man. Fra the man your tool,
Osborne, picked to take your place here.
Keep back, Hardridge. No, there’ll be no
killing here—not till 1 find out what it’s all
about, anyway.
  “Speak up, Hardridge,” I ordered, turn-
ing from Maxon’s twitching features to
Hard ridge’s inflamed and deadly face.
“What have you against this man?'’
  “That, —— him!” exploded Hardridge.
“That traitor and thief! He stole the
money that would have saved me from
prison—me aud the rest of us. That
coward and cur! Why, blast you,” this
directly to Maxon, “you knew that without
that money we were lost. The—re-
formers-”
  “He has a license to talk, he has,”
quavered Maxon, standing sidewise in die
hall, alternately glancing apprehensively
at Hardridge and beseechingly at me.
  Unhappy, indeed, was his situation, his
only hope of life being in me, whom he’d
planned to dupe to the same death that now
threatened him.
  “Who was he?" I asked Maxon. “Come
to the point, quick.”
  “He! He was a dirtv gambling-house
keeper and dive-keeper and worse. King
of crookdom through his pull in the City
Hall. And the money he savs I stole was
a slush fund to keep the politician crooks
in office. Because the other side won and
he went to San Quentin where he belonged,
he blamed me-”
  “You whining sneak,” cried Hardridge,
“you were thick enough with us while the
going was good.”
  “That'll do, the pair of you,” I said. “I
quite understand.”
  I did, well enough. Details were missing,
but they were unessential. These two
were part of the ring that had in the old
days debauched the city government of
San Francisco. To me that crime con-
stitutes one of the baser forms of treason,
and I admit my linger twitched to shoot
them both.
  Then I thought of the sapphire. I’d
formed no definite plan as to acquiring it
once John Mason had taken it out of its
hiding-place. Circumstances must guide
me, and—here were the circumstances.
I SUPPOSE in a way I was re-
sponsible for what followed. I sup-
pose that my apparent indecision
encouraged Hardridge, and I may even
have stepped a little to one side. But I
know I didn't plan the thing or even
foresee it. I did have a peculiar flashing
vision of that dark canon at the rear of
the house, that dark canon with its smooth,
steep, narrowing sides and its floor dipping
ever more rapidly toward the jumping-off
place at the end.
  Anyway, all of a sudden Hardridge
Rogues’ End
69
started for Maxon. Maxon did the natural
thing for him; he whirled and ran. I could
hardly have stopped him if I had tried.
He brushed me back against Miss Maxon
and half-way through the dining-room
door, and Hardridge tore after him without
a word.
  There was a chair near the end of the wall,
and Maxon had sanity enough left to push
it before him through the window. He
followed the chair head first, and Hardridge
plunged through the opening after him.
  I was delayed a little in unlocking the
door. I stepped out into a fantastic hollow
of ragged rocks, flooded here at the ravine’s
beginning with moonlight. There was a
narrow’ pass to the right, but Maxon had
missed that pass. And he and Hardridge
were leaping like shadows straight down
toward Land’s End.
  Maxon seemed to be straining to stop.
Perhaps he saw the railing and memory
came to him of what was beyond it. But
his pace was so great and the grade was
so steep that he could not check himself
all at once, and he brought up against the
railing with such force that it creaked and
sagged outward under the impact. But it
still held.
  And Hardridge clutched him. But, by
the time I got close enough to see clearly,
Maxon had seized Hardridge’s wrists and
was prying them outward and slowly
loosing Hardridge's grip on his throat.
He wrenched Hardridge’s hands away,
and Hardridge gripped him around the
body.
  But Maxon gripped him likewise and
began to bend Hardridge’s body backward.
  “Oh, they’ll be killed. Can’t you—
Oh!”
  Miss Maxon had come up, frightened,
sobbing. She would have run up to them
and thus put herself in danger, but I held
her back.
  “My dear Miss Maxon! My 'dear Miss
Maxon!”
  There was nothing else I could say.
  I turned and saw how very like an open
door was the end of the canon. Beyond
that door the sky sparkled with stars,
and the waters beneath the stars reflected
their light. But the water at the base
of the cliff must have been too unquiet to
reflect it. I could hear it roaring as it
surged over the rocks, and I imagined it
stretching up white and hungry fingers.
  “Can’t you stop them!” cried Miss
Maxon.
  One more look I took at the place where
the two men had struggled. Then I
stepped between Miss Maxon and that
placfe and urged her gently back toward
CragcasUe. For Hardridge, knowing him-
self overmastered, had suddenly yielded
and somehow dragged Maxon with him
under the railing. Maxon gripped the edge
of the rock, but Hardridge tore his grip
relentlessly away. And so there came an
end to the bad beginning made many years
before.
  I reflected, as I picked a w-ay up the
uneven canon bottom, that the quivering
woman whom I led would probably some
day be mistress of Cragcastle, since her
father was now heir to the Maxon fortune.
In that case they could well afford the loss
of the sapphire.
WE PARTED at the base of the
mountain, Miss Maxon and I. It
was not late, and we could go
different ways quite unnoticed into Mill
Valley and thence to San Francisco. If
the thing that had happened at Cragcastle
were ever discovered, there was no possi-
bility that she’d be connected with it, even
in thought. While as for me. . . .
  “I’m sorry you’re going back to China,”
she said. N
  Of course she would be, for I’d told her
absolutely nothing of my errand there,
unraveling the mystery of the Ko Lao Hui
leadership. If she had known w-hat was
ahead of me, she would have been
glad my eagerness to be at it was to be
gratified.
  “You have been—well, fine,” she said.
  I murmured a few deprecating phrases.
  “And—wonderful. I've been trying to
guess—how much of it all you had planned
out ahead. The escape of Hardridge, for
instance.”
  “Well?” I questioned noncommittedlv.
  “You pretended it was accidental. But
I found the string with which you pulled
back the bolt of the closet door. That was
no accident.’1
  “Maybe not,” I replied.
  Frankly, it pleased me a little that she
had discovered it.
  “And then you knew—that father would
inherit-”
  “Miss Maxon,” I said, “there’s no
70
Adventure
pursuit so interesting as the pursuit of
motives, and none as profitless.’’
She laughed a little.
“To think,” she remarked, “that, when
I think of you—as I shall quite often - 1 11
always have to call you to myself just
‘that man.’ ”
1 suppose it had seemed to her a curious
omission; however, names are so far acci-
dents that they seem to count for but
little in the scheme of things. And I’ve
rather lost the habit of giving my true
name to every one I meet in passing
through this world as if I were some
article of merchandise that needed to
be perpetually tagged, ticketed and labeled.
But there is no reason why I should not
give it.
  “My name Ls Partridge, John Partridge,”
I said as I released her hand.
CAPTAIN WILLIAMS, master of
the tramp Psyche, leaned upon
the rail of liis steamer’s bridge,
looking at a mellow “lovers’
moon” and swearing with melancholy
ardor, while his chief officer, from the
other side of the bridge, regarded him
with a sort of disciplined disgust.
  Surely it was bad enough to sail on an
old biscuit-box like the Psyche, without
having a skipper who allowed his private
troubles to influence him more than he
(lid the weather. And always after supper,
in the chief’s watch, when a man was
having enough to do to digest the mis-
called food that their miserly owner, Silas
Rutherford, picked up in some gutter,
did the old man come up on the bridge
and make things worse. The chief officer
snorted loudly.
  As if it were an answer to the inter-
pretation of that snort, t he captain growled,
“You can go and take a smoke, if you want,
mister,” in such a way that any generosity
the permission might have contained was
wrung out of it like water from a swab.
If he had said, “Get to the devil out of
here, and leave me to my troubles,” the
chief officer would li^ve gone below with
the same “Thank you, sir,” and told the
same lurid tale to the second engineer in
the starboard alleyway—a tale which even
a Boccacio would find it necessary to
censor. -
  But Williams would not have cared very
much if he had overheard. As a meed
of self-respect, he might have thrashed his
chief officer, but liis anger would have
been but superficial. For a far deeper
wound was stinging him, and the Psyche’s
nearness to her home port, Newcastle-on-
Tyne, was sending up the temperature of
the sore.
  He began to stump up and down the
bridge, indifferent to a perfect Summer’s
evening. Tomorrow night and the Psyche
would lie in dock. Then would come the
usual two weeks of torturing desire, of his
praying to the girl to marry him and of her
answer, so galling to liis pride.
  More money. Always more money.
Other men made more; why couldn’t he?
Touching the
Perils
Corn pi ate Novelette
BY S. B. H. TfURST
Touching the Perils
7i
And to his answer, that Silas Rutherford
would not raise his salary and always
managed to cheat him out of his bonus,
would come the irritating question—
  “Why don’t you get another ship?”
  As if ships were so easy to get. He
thought he had done very' well to get
command at twenty-seven, but the girl
was as blind to his merits as Silas was to
his need of more salary. And yet she kept
him hanging on, pretending to love him.
Not that the captain realized the pretense.
Being his ideal, liis divinity, she was be-
yond such a thing. And he loved her and
wanted her. Had the opportunity offered,
he felt that he would turn pirate to win her.
Then he cursed himself for not being his
own boss, for being dependent upon the
money of Silas Rutherford and his kind.
  So, taking it altogether, he was an un-
pleasant commander, and, when he went
to his room shortly after eight bells, the
third mate, who had come on duty, breathed
more relievedly.
  While the Psyche was pounding her way
to port, her owner was reading a document
that had to do with her insurance. As a
matter of fact, old Silas Rutherford could
recite the wording of that policy, but it
assisted his complex and criminal cogita-
tions to read and reread it while he planned.
The old phrase, handed down from genera-
tion to generation of marine underwriters,
brought to him visions of delightful possi-
bilities. “Now, touching upon the perils
—such as—” They wrere all there, from
“The act of God and the king’s enemies”
to all the chances of sea-disaster, and Silas
loved to dwell on them, hoping his ships
would fall foul of one or all of them, for
he greatly disliked paving premiums.
  This was before the Great Killing put
the breath of life into old hulks, when
freights were so low that dead ships paid
better than live ones; when, because of this
latter fact, insurance policies were some-
times converted into cash by the unmoral.
xAnd Silas owned eight vessels that just
scraped into the A 1 classification by the
skin of their paint.
  Not that he could be accused of lack of
effort in regard to striving for profit, even
when freights denied it—and Captain
Williams and the other captains and
officers in the ships of Silas were not the
only people aware of his scraping. His
name was a byword, and his stinginess
something to refer to as the acme of human
meanness. But Silas cared nothing about
that.
  Indeed, he probably enjoyed his reputa-
tion and went on serving out paint with
the care of a chemist serving attar of roses,
while seeing to it that his crews, tired of
fighting for life against the board of trade
allowance—weighed out to them by partisan
scales and dredged from the dusty corners
of condemned ship-chandlers’ stores, de-
serted at the first port—with wages, of
course, unpaid. And Captain Williams and
the other captains and officers, as already
mentioned, slaved on low salaries for a
bonus which always mysteriously eluded
them.
  But even such careful business methods
failed to produce a dividend. Which
caused Silas to take his insurance policies
out of the safe to yearn over them.
  And the one he fondled most was the
policy that covered the ancient Psyche.
He had paid many premiums on that
promising piece of paper, all of them clear
gain to the insurance company, and by
exactly the amount of that premium had
the Psyche been a dead loss to him for more
than a year. Surely the coincidence was
meant as a hint. A deacon of his church
for more than forty years. . . .
  He sat in his lonely, dingy office, the
warm breeze of the Summer evening bring-
ing through the window the noise of
rattling winches on ships loading and dis-
charging in the near-by docks. He usually
sat there until bedtime, because he had no
friends and because to spend money on
amusement was an impossible vice to a man
who would rather have the money than
the amusement. And he wasn’t worth
more than a million pounds, exclusive of
his exasperating investment in ships.
  So for many evenings had he deliberated
over an untimely end for the Psyche.
Neither did the idea leave him altogether
during the day. But the one large obstacle
in the scheme was the need of an accom-
plice. He would have to find a man
willing to undertake the sinking or burning
of the ship, and that man would have to
be well-paid. Of course, the captain was
the best man for the job. But, then, the
captain would not only have more at stake
than an ordinary man, but he would also
be more expensive.
  He would be risking his certificate in
72
Adventure
addition to taking the chance of going
to prison, and he would know the value
of the insurance policy. Yet Silas clung
to the notion of getting the captain to help
him. If he could only “get around” Wil-
liams in some way. There must be a way,
for every man has his weak side, or else
there is something he wants so badly that
he will do anything to get it.
SO HE reasoned. Yet, when the
weakness of Captain Williams came
into the office next morning, Silas
nearly missed his opportunity.
  She came early, her good looks and pre-
tended embarrassment signaling for help—
which three clerks immediately attempted
to give her. But Silas prevented them.
That is, he happened to come into the office
at that moment, and the clerks scurried
back to their desks as he brushed past the
girl on the way to his roofti—leaving her
standing in the middle of Lhe floor, appealing
to the universe with a studied pose. The
clerks peered over their desks at her, re-
markably like three scared mice peering
out of their holes at a tempting piece of
cheese which the proximity of the cat
prevented them from appropriating, until
with a shrug she turned and walked boldly
into the private office, astonishing Silas
by asking sweedy when the Psyche would
be in port.
  “How did you get in here?" he barked.
  The girl pouted and indicated the door
with a gesture.
  “Well, what do you want?”
  “When will the Psyche come in?”
  “What do you want to know for?”
  “Because—because Captain Williams is—
is a friend of mine.”
  A remarkable change came over Silas.
He became almost polite, closing the door
and dragging a chair to the desk for the
lady.
  “Sit down, won’t you? So you’re a friend
of the captain’s, ch. Very lucky man!”
And he giggled in the senile way of men
unaccustomed to women.
 “Yes—we—we—you see-”
  She blushed with the acquired art of long
practise.
  “I do see—you are going to marrv him,
eh?”
  “Perhaps,” she stiffened slightly.
 “Ump ”
  Silas was thinking hard, but the girl,
believing him at the limit of his conver-
sational powers, decided, for reasons of.
her own, to help him.
  "It s the way I’ve been brought up,”
she hinted. She had been “brought up”
in the unpleasant environment of a cheap
saloon—a “tied house,” owned by a brew-
ery—of which her father had been the
ostensible proprietor. “I’ve had so many
good offers that the wages of a ship-captain
look kind of small. But, oh my, what am
I saying—you must think i’m oreful,
talking to a stranger this way.”
  •'Not at all. my dear.” Silas found him-
self thinking he needed a new’ suit.
  “So,” she further elucidated, “I am
making him waiL till he gets better off.”
Greater luck can no man have than that
a woman will hare her fool soul to him,
but the somewhat fascinated Silas missed
the revelation, seeing only a pretty girl
whose power over the captain of the Psyche
could be used advantageously.
“You w’on't tell him I was here.” she
rattled on. “He's so jealous, you know.”
She wondered wiiat it would be like to be
married to a man w'orth a million pounds,
even if he w*ere old.
  “No, I won’t tell him you were here.”
Silas held her unresisting hand. He had
never known a woman like her, which was
perhaps unfortunate, because there was
no memory' she could revive to bring back
the taste of rotten fruit—which most men
have lipped and remember only with
feelings of the deepest shame. He was
sorry when she left, and she had shown
him that Williams could be handled.
Later on he recollected that he had not
answered her question about the docking
of the Psyche. She was too good for
Williams, anyhow!
  But the captain w*as an honest man,
and Silas was nervous about broaching the
subject. He waited until the Psyche had
been in port two days. Then, in the
middle of business details, he suddenly
remarked—
  “Hear you’re going to get married?”
  The captain flushed but said nothing.
“Girl want to wait till there’s more money
in the bank?” suggested Silas crudely.
  “Something like that.” admitted Wil-
liams gruffly, his face showing how the
w’oman had fascinated him, how he craved
her.
  “Well—” Silas seemed to sneer—“if I
Touching the Perils
73
wanted a girl and was a big, strong, young
fellow like you, I’d do more than sit
around—I’d rob a bank before I’d let her
get away from me.”
  “That would only get me in jail,” re-
torted Williams.
  Silas laughed to hide his nervousness—
“Would you do it if you knew you
wouldn’t get caught?”
“I’d do anything,” growled the captain.
“But what’s the good of talking about it?”
“Well,” Silas hesitated, then took the
plunge, “well, I can show you a way to
make money.”
  Williams was first astonished; then he
was effusively grateful—
  “If you do that, Mr. Rutherford, I’ll
give my life for you any time.”
  “Don't want you to do that.” Silas
got up, walked to the door,' opened it sud-
denly, saw that no one was listening and
went back to his desk. “Don’t want you
to do that,” he cackled at the surprized
captain.
  He stopped talking—it was a difficult
job, this, even harder than he had expected.
He wondered how Williams would face the
Board of Trade investigation after the thing
was done. Lawyers have a way of making
sailors tell more than they want. He had
seen ’em.
  “The fact is,” he managed after a few
minutes, “the fact is, Captain, the Psyche
has been a dead loss to me for some time.”
“I’ve done my best, sir.”
  “Yes, yes, I know you have. But all
the same, you know, I can not be expected
to keep on taking losses. I’m not in busi-
ness for the fun of it any more than you
are. But, while you get your pay every
voyage, whether the ship makes a profit
or not, I don’t.”
  “You aren’t thinking of laying her up,
are you, sir?'’ The captain was naturally
distressed at such a possibility.
  “May have to,” Silas sighed, “unless
you can help me out.”
  “Me, sir? What would you suggest, sir?
I	can not see where I can cut down expenses
anywhere.”
  Silas appeared to think deeply. Then
he went to the safe and brought back the
insurance policy.
  “I suppose that, like every other captain
afloat, you’ve often thought about the
insurance, haven’t you?”
  “Yes, and with the way things are I’ve
often felt like I’d like to make a profit for
you that way, sir,” was the astounding
answer.
  “Do you mean it?” Silas almost shouted.
“Why, no, of course not. I was just
joking,” replied the somewhat shame-
faced Williams. “You know, just as you
said, nearly every skipper thinks about the
insurance now and then—and wonders.”
“Well,” Silas spoke very' quietly now,
“I am not joking—not a bit of it. Things
have come to the place where I don't joke
about insurance. See here, help me to
realize on this, and I’ll give you command
of my best ship with increase of pay and
five hundred pounds as well.”
  He had said it. He had taken the leap,
and now he watched the captain—who for
the moment was speechless—with some
apprehension.
  “What do you mean?” growled the cap-
tain. “Want me to turn crook?”
  “You know what you just said?”
  “Yes, but that was in fun.”
“IS IT fun about your wanting to
get married, too?” Silas grinned—
the captain had given him far less
trouble than he had expected. “If you
won’t sink the Psyche for me, I’ll get a man
who will, fire you and give you no reference.
Where would your marriage be then?”
Where would it? The unhappy sailor
could easily answer that question. And
there was hardly a chance of being found
out. Wasn’t she worth taking that chance
for.
  “Suppose I tell the insurance com-
pany what you asked me to do?” he spoke
desperately.
  “I'll have you arrested for criminal libel
and send you to prison. You have no
witness, you know. But why be foolish?
Only you and me will know—and its my
ship, anyway. I'll be hanged if I can
understand why you even hesitate—and
a fine young lady like that waiting for you,
too. And the money all’s between you.”
Williams said nothing. Every cell in his
great body craved the girl, and. when in
such a condition, a man’s morals are
smothered by very primitive emotions.
And, as he had said, most sailors look upon
insurance from the owners’ standpoint.
  “Just think,” urged Silas, “you’re char-
tered to a Spanish port. Easy cargo to
fire. Open the sea-cocks to drown it.
74
Adventure
She'll sink in no time. You’ll be back
in a few weeks, and then—your wedding-
day."
  But th£ captain still fought feebly.
  “What about my ticket?"
  “They won’t touch it. How can they?
’Taint your fault if the cargo catches lire.
The crew will only be too eager to get clear.
You’ll probably be a hero for not losing
a man. You know just where to start
things. And afterward you’ll get my best
ship, you know. And, yes, I’ll let you take
your wife to sea with you. Chances are
that, if you don't take this offer and get
some money, she’ll marry some other man.
And you know it.”
  Williaras did know it. And he remem-
bered vividly an unpleasant scene of the
previous evening when the lady had taunted
him about his lack of ability t6 make
money. She wanted a diamond ring,
which his scant savings made impossible.
And here was five hundred pounds going
begging. The job was easy enough. And
in six weeks, at the most, he could be
married, get a better ship with more pay
and take her to sea with him. That last
pulled hardest.
  '‘What are the terms?” he asked gruffly,
not looking at Silas.
  “Fifty pounds dowm and the balance
when the job’s done. Your pay increased
two pounds a month from today. And,
of course, no lay-off when the Psyche sinks.”
Still the captain hesitated. He loved
ships and felt not unlike a prospective
murderer. Indeed, this sentiment weighed
more on the moral side than did the chance
of being found out. But, then, Silas, old
scoundrel, would get another man to do it
unless he did it. And the girl. . . .
Williams got out of the chair.
  “I’ll let you know tomorrow,” he prom-
ised and went to see the lady.*
 He saw her. What chance had his
scruples in her presence, that had been
weak enough in the office of Silas Ruther-
ford. For sailors are really myopic about
the rights of insurance companies. Then,
their last parting still in his mind, he
greeted her with—
  “How would you like a fifty-pound
diamond ring?”
  “You darling. How did you do it?”
  “I didn’t say I’d got it. I just asked
you how you’d like one."
  She moved away from him:
  “You know I want one. Do you think
it clever to talk that way. It’s bad enough
to think of marrying a man too poor to
buy a girl what every other engaged girl
has, without him making a joke about it.
You’d be ashamed if you had any.” And
a cloudburst settled the matter.
  A little later, after he had promised
to buy the ring next day, she again asked
where he raised the money. He told her
of his raise of pay, the best ship, permission
to take his wife—did she know who that
lady was—and invented a savings-account
of long duration to account for the ring.
But, if a man must sell his soul, why not
for kisses? For has any philosopher yet
proven them to be w’orth less than pieces
of silver?
II
      SO A few wreeks later Captain
Williams wralked down the> rocky,
dog-smelly street of a tiny Spanish
fishing village, the stars looking at him from
a windy sky and his mouth gritty with
curses. It was after midnight, and, but
for spasmodic barkings and the moan of
the flood tide, the place was quiet and
sleep-suggesting. But Williams could not
sleep. Indeed, he doubted if he would
ever sleep again, for his thoughts were a
roaring cyclone that would not still. So
he had left his bed in the smugglers' retreat
of an inn and gone dowm to the shore.
  And everything had looked so bright.
Things had gone just as he had planned.
The Psyche had caught fire in six places
and shortly afterward slipped to the bottom
of the sea without making much fuss.
Ten hours in the boats—Williams had been
favored with a nice fair wind—and all
hands had been safely landed. Then, the
news cabled to Silas, the captain had waited
for orders and congratulations wrhile he
arranged for the crew to be sent home
by the distressed seaman’s route.
  By rights he should have gone with them,
but his conscience had gathered to itself
all manner of intangible fears, and he had
decided to wrait in the village. Then Silas
had replied to the cable—by letter, to save
money. And with the letter from Silas
had come another.
  The old man had been abusive. Why
had the captain been so careless as to lose
a valuable ship and cargo? This w'as to be
Touching the Perils
75
expected, and Williams had grinned at
what he imagined to be cunning and,
while grinning, did not trouble to finish
the letter. Instead, he opened the other,
which he was itching to read.
  And the other letter had opened his eyes,
broken his heart, as he believed, and shown
him that Silas had meant what he had
written. For Silas had married the girl,
who wrote saying she could never marry
a man who lost his ship, who would never
get another ship, and who hadn’t a penny
to his name. But she forgot to send the
ring. That was all, except that she loved
Mr. Rutherford.
  There was no word from Silas about the
four hundred and fifty pounds he had prom-
ised to pay and nothing about the command
of his best steamer. No; just the curt
letter of abuse and the reminder that
Williams would get no reference from him.
And the illuminating scrawl from the
woman. No wonder Wrilliams could not
sleep. But he would get even. Oh, yes,
he would show them. But how? To
write to the insurance company would be
foolish.
  Silas would have him arrested for libel—
the libel of a disappointed suitor—and the
company would arrest him for barratry.
And what chance would his word have
against that of Silas? Silas, with a million
pounds to hire lawyers, and W7illiams
without—the girl had spoken at least
one true w-ord—a penny. He even owed
the keepeF of the cheap inn.
  But Williams saw nothing strange about
the wedding. The woman’s cleverness
escaped him. He was so infatuated with
her that it never occurred to him that
Silas was an old fool who had fallen as
he himself had fallen. For Williams still
believed that any man would marry her
if she were willing, and he thought Silas
lucky. To have thought otherwise would
have done away with the urge for revenge.
That was all that mattered now—to get
even.
  But when a few nights later the dirty
keeper of the inn shut the door in his face
about bedtime, shrieking shrill abuse which
had to do with the payment of debt, and
Williams had no place to go but the beach—
the desire tor revenge had grown colder.
Immediate need had fogged its clarity,
and kisses were of less wrorth than square
meals and warm beds. But there were
neither beds, meals nor kisses in sight.
Yet, its shadow beckoning across the calm,
moonlit sea, was a small fishing-boat at
anchor and untenanted.
  So, shivering slightly, the captain
stripped, bundled his clothes on his head
and, swimming high, made his way to her.
Climbing on board, he dressed, wrapped
himself in the sail and after a time slept.
No doubt the graybeards of that village
will tell for many years the legend about
the thief of an Englishman who, not
content with robbing the keeper of the inn,
stole also a fishing-boat. But, like most
legends, the tale will lack truth. For
Williams did not steal the boat. On the
contrary, the boat stole the captain.
   That is, while he slept, it tugged uneasily
at its anchor until the grass rope doing
duty as a cable parted, and Williams, still
sleeping, was carried out to sea on the ebb
tide. He awoke with the call to breakfast.
But the call was but the echo of other
meals, for there wasn’t a crust on board.
And the land was a mere haze, and no
ships were in sight.
  The tale of thirst and hunger has been
too often told to be here repeated. Be-
sides, there is nothing pleasing about the
tale. More pleasing to Williams is the
fact that three days later he reached
Gibraltar in the dark, was mistaken for
a denizen of the place and met a shrewd
Rock scorpion who had no ears for tales
but who gave him five pounds for the boat,
which, of course, was worth much more.
But five pounds to the captain was the
beginning of fortune. Once more he could
eat, sleep and smoke. And revenge still
called him, but its voice was not so near.
  It was obviously his duty, both to him-
self and the underwriters, to go back to
England for the Board of Trade investiga-
tion. Silas had been right when he had
said the captain’s certificate would not be
blackened, but a guilty conscience saw
less clearly. As it was, he might find an
out-of-the-way owner who would not ask
questions—for the ticket and his previous
discharges were in his possession.
   But Gib. was no place to find such owners,
although it w'as an excellent place to get
word of them. The five pounds melted
rapidly, and W illiams had no desire to see
another door shut in his face about bed-
time when friendly fish-boats might not
beckon so kindly. And, once broke, he
76
Adventure
would be harried into some ship's fore-
castle without chance of holding back.
So one sunlit morning he went in search
of the Rock scorpion and found him easily.
  ‘‘Howdy?" the scorpion was affable.
  Williams replied in kind and began to
collect the memories having to do with
scorpions. He had heard about their
many underground methods of doing busi-
ness and their supposed vast wealth. The
rumors that they formed a sort of trust,
which had a finger in all Gibraltar business,
had also come his way. He knew that,
while willing to buy a fishing-boat and
in league with the many smugglers in the
district, it was no uncommon event to see
a scorpion bid for a steamer at auction
and pay fifty or sixty thousand pounds
cash when it was knocked down to him.
  But whether the scorpions worked as a
league or as individuals was no concern
of Williams’, because this shabby, some-
what unclean, English-language-mangling
mixture of a hundred different breeds was
obviously not only his star of hope but
also his last resort—excepting, of course,
some ship’s forecastle, under a new name.
  “Like to talk business with you.”
Williams succeeded in making his voice
sound comfortably indifferent, although back
in liis mind the final episode of the kid-
naping fish-boat loomed largely.
  “Oh, ha, of course—we go to my horfice.”
THEY walked along the warm,
dusty, winding road until they
arrived at a sort of wine-shop, with
the customary sign relating to the purity
and antiquity of the goods sold within
and the usual heavy population of flies.
Near the door a young Spaniard made
querulous demand of a starved donkey,
emphasizing his wishes with a stick. But
the animal continued to study the sign
of the wine-shop as if he sought patiently
for some degree of truth, and blow's could
not penetrate to his absorbed mind. They
passed inside, where the apparent owner
slept comfortably, quite indifferent to his
likeness to a fly-paper—waking into a
million smiles when the scorpion kicked
him.
  “This my home and horfice,” the scorpion
made some unnecessary remark. “Into
the back room this son of ten thousand
thieves will bring us drink, where we may
talk in peace, eh?”
  The gentleman of the penitentiary family
increased the ratio of his smiling at the
reference to his ancestors, produced two
not overly clean glasses and a bottle and
led the way into the back room—a dingy
place, which, however, was gratefully cool
after the street.
  “What the business you have?”
  The preliminaries were over, and the
scorpion made inquiry.
  Captain Williams hesitated. In the hard,
curious eyes of the scorpion he saw the
answer to any request for a job, the answer
to any asking for assistance—a sneering
“nothing for you”—and a sickening feeling
of failure was succeeded by a gust, of anger
at himself for ha\ing stooped so low. And
then suddenly he felt himself in the
unusual position of being, as it were,
behind those eyes—of looking at himself
through the eyes of another man. And
what he saw' made him ashamed.
  Then he realized that all men who have
the courage to sail their own ships—the
men w'ho do not depend on “jobs”—must
regard him as the scorpion would do the
moment he mentioned the “business”—
as a sort of weakling, as a failure, as one
of the sort that wants things arranged for
him, much as a mule needs harnessing
before it can work. Yes, he saw himseS
as one lacking that something which causes
a man to struggle towrard an ideal, heedless
of the mire he must go through—to inde-
pendence.
  And then he asked himself why? Why
should he not be his own boss when this
wretched Rock scorpion could be? Surely
he had as much intelligence. The other
was not even a white man—was a mongrel
of a hundred mixtures. Yet he had made
something of himself. Better a burglar
than a beggar. Williams saw himself,
almost cringing to this mongrel for a job,
doing the rotten bidding of old Silas, a
slave to his lust for a woman—even this,
in his moment of clarity, did he see. And
—for such things do actually happen—
in that moment Williams became something.
  Just as a chemical solution remains a
mere grouping of molecules until the
addition of the needed constituent causes
precipitation, so had Williams lived in
the inchoate condition of the majority of
mankind—until this moment in the grimy
wine-shop. What really happened he never
knew or troubled to know. He felt his
Touching the Perils
77
mouth and chin stiffen to the latent power
in him that had found its motive, and his
eyes, now grimly smiling, fought down
very easily those of the scorpion.
  Still, there was no business that he knew
of, but in his new condition such an ad-
mittance was unthinkable. Therefore he
fenced. And luck was with his first
passage with the swords of business, with
his lirst job as his own boss.
  “How many ships do you want?” he
asked carelessly, rapidly deciding that,
if the scorpion had bought ships once, he
might buy them again and, if nothing
came of his question, he had saved his face
by the pretense of having something for
sale. To his astonishment the scorpion
seemed startled, most upset. So many
words rushed for outlet that they jammed
in his throat like a panic-stricken crowd
trying to escape from a burning building.
And this agitation grew rapidly.
  “Who told you? What you mean, eh?
Have you just pretend? You come in
fish-boat; look like you broke. Not fair,
that. Oh, ha, no, not at all fair. I think
you all the time were fooling. Yes, I told
my wife that. You ask her. She say so,
too. Now, what the game, eh?”
  Williams laughed and continued to
laugh to give himself time to think. Why
should the scorpion be so excited? Even
supposing that he had some deal on that
had to do with the buying of ships—why
on earth should the mere mention of it
throw him into such a state of mingled
fear and anger? Things were so bad all
over the world that only an unprecedented
buying could send prices up—nothing
that the scorpion could be connected with.
Yet, what was he afraid of?
  “Well,” Williams spoke quietly, delight-
ing in the new feeling of power, “I had my
reasons for coming to Gib. in that old boat
and for selling her to you at far below
her proper price. Mavbe I hadn’t been
quite so far out to sea as I looked.” He
paused, wondering what the owner of the
boat had thought, meaning to pay him
some day. “But you don’t expect me to
tell you all that, do you?”
  The scorpion rapped loudly on the table,
cursed the lazy innkeeper when he appeared,
and gave great orders about setting up-the
very best wine in the house in a hurry.
He had a notion that hospitality greases
the ways.
  “We are friends, no?” he professed.
  “If you like to put it that way—I’m not
particular,” Wrilliams crushed down the
weakening memory of what he had 'been
an hour ago.
  The wine arrived*, and Williams was
amused at the ceremonious manner of the
scorpion. It reminded him of something.
Whom had he seen drink that way?
  But the wine did not loosen the tongue
of the scorpion, although Williams ques-
tioned him quite cleverly. Consequently,
the captain was driven to invention. He
had a fair knowledge of financial methods,
even if most of it had been acquired in the
bucket-shops that had prevented his savings
from rising to diamond rings. And he
understood something of the wrays of ship-
brokers. That reference to ships seemed
to be trumps. At any rate, it was the
only card in his hand. He decided to
play it.
  “Now, look here, Sylvester,” he began
to lie fluently, “what I have been doing
is all my business. I took that boat just
as I always take what I happen to want,
but what caused me to take her is also
my business. Now, the two men who
I have had watching you-”
  Sylvester jumped out of his chair, his
eyes popping. For why had the captain
had him watched? Had they not always
been the best of friends. If the captain
wanted more for the fish-boat, he had
only to say so, and the money would be
given him at once. He knew they wrere
friends. They had drunk much" wine
together. He had always loved the captain
and had heard of the great deeds of that
wonderful man, the captain’s father, before
him. For why had he been w*atched as if
he wrere a thief?
  With an effort Williams put an end
to this unexpected but very satisfactory
outburst. It was obvious that Sylvester
was interested in ships, queer though it
seemed. And he knew the methods of
scorpions pretty well. If this one were
buying ships—and he appeared to be—
he would buy them on options. For,
whether he w’ere buying for himself or for
some Asiatic who w-anted to become an
owner—which often happened—or buying
on speculation—whatever reason, he would
first buy an option on the vessel or vessels
he wanted.
  This deduction was so simple that to
78
Adventure
spring it on Sylvester would surprize him
no more than it would suqjrize a stock-
gambler to tell him you knew he was buying
on margin. But, if Williams could get
the scorpion to believe he knew why he
was buying or whom he was buying for—
why, in that case, he might do business.
Because people who wanted to buy ships
in anything but a very small way were at
that time rare.
  “Of course, I wanted to know about you,
and I paid to lind out,” he growled. “How
do you think 1 made my money—by selling
boats? So I made up my mind to see you,
because there wras money in it. Because,
of course, 1 found out you are trying to
tie up a bunch of steamers on options.”
I*! AGAIN Sylvester rapidly worked
feiita his hands and tongue, but his
denial was weak. What would he
throw away money like that for—ships
not worth anything? Did the captain
think him a fool to buy options when ships
were not paying the owners enough to buy
paint? He went on hastily to explain
that he knew this because he sold paint,
and he went off at a tangent, gabbling
about the paint business until Williams
shut him up again, grinning.
  He filled one of the glasses to the brim
and drank to the staring scorpion.
  “Now—” he put down the empty glass,
“I know you’re after options, but you’re
not getting them as fast as you want
because you have to go awful quiet about
it. I, too, have bought options. Now,
it doesn’t matter who will take them up—
you know, and I know. The difference is
that you are buying the options directly
for the final buyers of the steamers, w'hile
I am buying on spec, with my own money.
If I didn’t know that your people will be
glad to take my options off my hands at a
profit to me, you don’t think I’d have been
fool enough to buy them, with times as
they are, do you?”
  The fascinated Sylvester shook his head
in agreement.
  “So 1 know who you’re working for,
and I know they want a lot of ships. 1
have between twenty and thirty Ai
steamers tied up that I will turn over to
your people, and I have another fleet of
seven right under my hand.” He was
thinking of Silas and his unfortunate in-
vestment in shipping. “Now, don’t ask
me questions, because you won’t get any-
thing out of me. Tell the chap who is
behind you that he can come to my hotel
tomorrow morning if he wants to do busi-
ness at the right price. That’s all.”
  He shot a glance at the scorpion and saw
that his surmise had been correct. There
was some man behind Sylvester, and that
man was in Gibraltar. So far, so good.
And he had learned that often the most
shrewd men are the most credulous,
especially when their suspicions can be
aroused.
  “When can you deliver?” Sylvester,
admitting everything, spoke like one deeply
grieved.
  “Whenever I want to. Charters and
ship can be transferred together, if neces-
sary, but most of them are only chartered
from voyage to voyage. Not a one of
them is tied up for more than a month.
But, of course, I have to give, in most cases,
a certain number of days’ notice.” For
a moment Williams was afraid his limited
knowledge had caused liim to make a slip,
but the scorpion appeared quite satisfied;
so he went on. “But don't imagine
that I tied up forty or fifty thousand
pounds for the fun of it. Use your brain,
Sylvester. Why did I come to you in that
dirty fish-boat?”
  That w'as a clever move, for the scorpion’s
mind loved the curved route, and the
action of his backer depended greatly upon
Sylvester’s opinion of Williams. The cap-
tain did not know it, but the scorpion,
seeing profits for himself without much
labor, had already decided to tell his man
that he had known Williams for thirty
years, knew him to be worth at least a
hundred and fifty thousand pounds—
there are many men of millions not known
to Bradstreet—knew his word to be as
good as a bond and knew all about his
good old English family before him.
  Later, when the way looked very smooth,
Williams was to realize this character-
painting of the scorpion, and now his
lucky words helped the selection of the
brightest colors. For Sylvester’s mind
loved the crooked lane, the while he be-
lieved it to be straight. The dim, the
dark, the mysterious appealed to him w’hen
square buying and spiling wouldn’t rouse
him to interest. Yes, and he believed
every word Williams had told him, al-
though he would have called a straight
Touching the Perils
79
tale a lie. He thought over all he knew
of the captain.
  The night he had slipped into Gib.,
dodging the customs and all, liis worn-
out state hinting at anything; his laughing
when he had asked the scorpion if he cared
to buy “so small a ship”—Sylvester had
not remarked the significance of the phrase
at the time, but now it gripped him with
the pinch of a million suggestions—his tak-
ing the money without counting it; his
lazing around ever since until his mys-
terious coming that morning. And this
wras what it meant. It would be w-ell to
keep on the right side of this man. A man
of parts—and clever. How had he found
out who wanted those options?
  Sylvester did not know this himself.
He only knew Smith, the agent for the
capitalists. But he would never let Wil-
liams know that he knew so little. Later
on, when the captain had made much
money because of what Sylvester told
Smith—then, good friends, he would make
the captain very drunk—oh, he knew
the way—and he would find out. But just
now was no time to take any chances with
a promising friendship. Not that it mat-
tered who was putting up the money.
  “And we are good friends, no?” he
repeated as Williams swung his bulk out
of the shop.
  “Not a bit particular—would do business
with a jackal. Tell your man tomorrow
morning, if he wants to see me. Very
busy. Expect to go to London in a day
or two—back right away. Keep your eyes
open for anything good not in the shipping
line, and let me know. May help you to
make a shilling or two.”
 He threw one of his few remaining
shillings at the dirty innkeeper, conscious
that Sylvester would force him to divide,
and left the place to which he had come as a
suppliant—as a man.
Ill
WILLIAMS awoke early from a
dream in which old Silas Rutherford
had begged for a penny, and with
Silas, needing bread, had been the woman
and a long line of small Rutherfords. He
got out of bed feeling like an expectant
child on Christmas morning. And wrhat
did the stocking hold for him? He shaved,
remembering the previous day and the
days before that with an angry shame.
But he would never be a crawler again.
He thrilled to the joy of rebirth. What a
pile of lies he had told Sylvester. Who the
devil wras behind the scorpion, anyhow?
Yet he was proud of those lies. How much
would he make out of this chance if he
handled it right? Might get enough out
of it to make up for the four hundred and
fifty.
  Then he made a large breakfast, lit a
cigar and went out to the veranda. The
man behind the scorpion would come to
him, all right. And he did come, which
further stimulated the intuitive faith Wil-
liams had in himself. He was half-way
through the cigar when a boy brought
him a card bearing the name “J. P. Smith,”
with no address or prefix.
  And Smith himself was just as indefinite
in appearance. An Englishman, appar-
ently, with no trace of an accent to indicate
his county. He was dressed neatly but
simply, clean-shaven and about the same
age as Williams.
  “Know ships well, eh?” he remarked as
they sat down in a quiet corner.
  “Yes,” Williams studied him; “went to
sea for a w'hile, until I came into my money.
And you?”
  “Never wrent to sea, but I served some
time in an engineering shop. Got this scar
there—a furnace-tender hit me with a hot
slice-bar.”
  He turned his head so that Williams
could see a scar across liis left cheek, about
three inches in length.
  “I savvy,” Williams grinned. “Had a
few scraps myself, but they mostly left me
alone on account of my size.”
  This exhausted their introductory sub-
stance. For a few minutes neither spoke;
then Smith said thoughtfully:
  “Sylvester gave me a great account of
you, and, as he dare not fool me, I believe
him and am willing to do business with you.
He says you have already bought some
options on ships, which seems to prove what
he also says—that you know who the
people are behind this thing. Do you?”
Williams looked at the other, their eyes
met and held. The captain spoke quietly:
‘‘I have the options, winch, as you say,
seems to prove that I do know. But don’t
you think it better—for me—to act as if
I did not know who is really going to get
the ships? I know I’d like it better if I
8o
Adventure
thought I was only selling to Mr. Smith.
If we have to speak of—of those others—
suppose we call them ‘the firm?”
  Smith laughed softly and dropped his eyes.
  "So,” he murmured, “that’s it. Well,
I don't blame you, and I feel safe you won’t
talk. Now suppose I put my cards on the
table. We have only just begun to buy
options, and I was given the job of getting
them because I am not a shipping man
and would not be suspected. I had to
come to Gibraltar on another matter, and,
having heard about these scorpions and
their ability to get ships cheap, I tied up
this Sylvester—telling him nothing. So
far we have done but little, but soon
I will go to London and get busy, with
more men to help me. But 1 have to have
your options, of course, and, of course,
you want to sell—bought them for that
reason.	*
  “Suppose you transfer all you have
over to me and go out and get all you can
in addition—I will agree to take all you
can get. But, first, can you guarantee
to a transfer from your option-forms to
these—which are perhaps more generous?”
  He handed Williams a printed option-
form, which the captain read rapidly. As
he had Thought no options, he naturally
had no objection to saying he could use
the forms.
  “I will buy,” Smith was saying, “at ten
shillings a ton for six months from date of
transfer to me. You can make your com-
mission and profit from the difference
between the ten shillings and what you
have to pay, can you not?”
  Williams thought rapidly. His numerous
conversations with other shipmasters had
given him much inside information about
the losses of many firms of ship-owners,
apart from what was general knowledge.
He had no doubt that many were anxious
to sell and would welcome the chance to
get a few shillings a ton for options. He
knew, too, that his credit and reputation
stood very high with Smith—Sylvester’s
extraordinary agitation had seen to that.
By the way, why had Sylvester been so
upset? He questioned Smith.
  “Oh,” Smith’s face hardened with a
curious expression, “oh, he was just scared
you were going to cut in on him; that’s all.”
  He became silent, as if with the suspicion
that Sylvester knew more than he was
supposed to.
  “How much will you agree to deliver?”
Smith seemed anxious to keep to business
and get the matter settled.
  YVilliams breathed deeply. This was
his first plunge.
  “Oh, I can promise a hundred thousand
tons if you will agree to take all I can get
over that at ten shillings a ton. Purchase
price to be not more than an advance of a
fourth of insured value.”
  “Will you sign a binding contract to that
effect, agreeing to pay me ten shillings a ton
damages for all of the hundred thousand
you fail to deliver?”
  “Got a copy of that contract?”
  From among his many printed forms
Smith produced a blank contract, pointing
out the various clauses. It was a clear
and concise form.
  “You will have thirty days in which to
deliver a hundred thousand tons to me,
each option to run for six months from the
date it is signed. Is all that satisfactory?”
“Seems so,” Williams spoke slowly.
“I am to contract to deliver to you options
for six months on a hundred thousand
tons of Ai steamers, no ship to be less than
twentv-five-hundred tons, net, at ten shil-
lings a ton to me. The options to be
drawTi on your forms, which you supply.
If I fail to deliver, I am to pay you ten
shillings a ton for all I lack of the hundred
thousand. You also agree to buy, on the
same terms, all over the hundred thousand
that I can get hold of?”
  “That last may be canceled at any time,
though, wlien we get all w'e want,” supple-
mented Smith.
  “Sure—you’re not buying all the earth.
I know that. Of course, you know that
I already have most of that hundred
thousand. The options are with my lawyer
in London; so all I have to do is transfer
them from my forms to yours. I got them
for longer than six months; so that’s easy.
And the final buyer in all cases, at no more
than a fourth in excess of insured value,
is to be J. P. Smith, not the firm, eh?"
  “Don’t talk like that,” snapped Smith.
“You’re not supposed to know about the
firm, vou know."
  “All right, Mr. Smith/; Williams re-
torted, “but I do know this: that, while
the firm has lots of money, you may not
have. I have only your word, you knowr,
that you represent them. If you want me
to sign this contract—it means a lot to me,
Touching the Perils
81
and I’m financially responsible, you know—
you must show me you do represent the
firm. That is, you must show me the
color of your money."
  Which was rather a neat speech for a
man with less than a shilling in the world
and with a hotel bill of about seven pounds.
But Smith was all smiles.
  “My dear fellow, 1 didn’t mean to be
offensive. Of course you shall have the
money. I meant cash, anyhow. I know
all about you, and I want those options.
Come over to the bank and sign the con-
tract. If the fifty is not enough, you can
have all the cash you need. Sylvester told
me that you had tied up most of your loose
capital—quite a lot in those options, of
course.”
  “Oh, fifty will do,” Williams spoke
vaguely, having decided to let Smith run
things at this stage, because his own knowl-
edge of finance was hardly sufficient to let
him lead.
  At the bank the contract was signed in
duplicate and duly witnessed. Then Smith
handed Williams a check, and the husky
sailor came nearer to fainting than ever
before during his twenty-seven years. For
Williams had expected fifty pounds as a
sort of binder, and the check was for fifty
thousand.
  Through a sort of fog he heard Smith:
  “You will deliver the options to my bank
in London as fast as you get them. Here
is the address. I will be in London myself
shortly, as I said. Good luck to you,
because I don’t want damages but options.”
  “You’ll get them, all right,” mumbled
Williams, marveling at his first experience
of the wonders of good credit.
  Yet it was all simple enough. Smith
believed that Williams already had some
options and could get more, and he wanted
them. Sylvester—and Sylvester dared not
fool Smith—had rated Williams as first-
class credit. What more natural than
Smith should imagine it good business to tie
Williams to a contract and pay cash?
Williams was safe, and, if he failed to
deliver, it simply meant the return of the
unused money.
  Besides, Mr. Smith knew a lot of things
that he knew Williams could not know,
even if he were willing to believe the
captain knew who the final buyer would be.
He knew, for instance, that Williams could
not know why the firm was buying ships.
Which reason Smith knew warranted his
taking chances with much larger sums than
he had given to the supposedly responsible
Williams.
  Yet, the firm, doing business in a large
way, load, of course, its owti corps of private
detectives and kept a line on every man
with whom it did business. Williams never
knew that the charming American girl who
made his voyage to London so pleasant
and who put Mrs. Silas entirely out of his
mind was Mrs. Smith minus her wredding-
ring—who had been set to keep track of his
doings until the last option had been de-
livered.
IV
THE Yellow' Star Navigation Com-
pany was in bad shape, and the fact
of its not being alone in its trouble
did not compensate it for its difficulties.
Freights were so low that the twenty
freighters sailing with the yellow' star on
their funnels might as wrell have traveled
in ballast for any profit they made. And
the Pilling Brothers, sole owners, who had
inherited the business from their father,
saw only ruin ahead unless they could sell.
But who would buy, with the books showing
a loss for many months and practically
every ship-owner in the United Kingdom
with ships listed in the brokers’ offices?
  This being their mental and financial
attitude, it was no wonder they almost
doubted the cessation of miracles when
Captain Williams—looking tremendous and
prosperous in his new, shiny top-hat and
frock coat—walked into their office, smiled
pleasantly and told them he wanted to
purchase a few steamers. Could they
oblige him by selling?
  They, of course, hadn’t thought of doing
such a thing. They owned twrenty of the
sweetest tramps on the seas, and there was
a sentimental value about every keel,
because their dead father had laid the
foundations of the business. Besides, they
hadn’t an idle vessel.
  Captain Williams was very sorry, but
he intimated that he was willing to buy a
six-months option on the twenty vessels,
at five shillings a ton. The purchase price
to be one-sixth in advance of the insured
value.
  The Pilling Brothers, gasping like men
learning to swim in cold w>ater, managed
to ask for a few minutes alone so that they
82
Adventure
could consider the offer. Williams pulled
out a new watch, mentioned that he was
very busy, that opiious could be picked
up, he believed, at even better terms, and
said he would wait live minutes.
  Now, the total tonnage of the Yellow
Star Line amounted to eighty thousand
tons. Consequently, Williams had offered
the Fillings twenty thousand pounds lor
the privilege of buying the twenty ships
any time during the next six months.
ll‘ he did not buy, the twenty thousand
would be a clear gain to the Fillings; if
he bought, it meant that they could sell
out at about what the ships had cost them.
It was all very satisfactory if the man were
sane and responsible. For, with shipping
conditions what they were, what on earth,
or rather water, did a man want to buy
options for?
  The form was liberal, too. Thirty days
notice, charters to be taken over if they
were not fulfilled, but no charter for longer
than usual voyage to be signed during
option, and steamers to be delivered at a
port to be later designated. Ten days in
that port for inspection, during which
demurrage would be paid by prospective
buyer. Option money not to count toward
purchase price. Yes, it was very satis-
factory, if the man were responsible. If
he were, well, it was his money, and he
could spend it on wine, women, song or
ships—and the least wise investment of the
four would be ships.
  The Pillings looked back on many a
headache that lacked the pleasant memories
of either song, sips or kisses but only reeked
with columns of figures, crowding like dis-
tracted humans to the left side of the
ledger. Yes, they would sell the options.
The terms alter calling wrere very liberal,
and the purchase price was satisfactory.
They never tried to bargain. They were
too anxious, too much afraid the large
angel might go elsewhere for his options.
  The buyer was J. P. Smith. So, and
Mr. Williams was his agent. Well and
good. So, with details which may be
omitted, the deal was closed, and Williams
delivered eighty thousand tons of ship-
options to Smith's bank, clearing for himself
the decent profit of twenty thousand
pounds. There was still in his possession
ten thousand pounds cf Smith’s check,
which he intended to put to the credit of
Silas Rutherford.
  This notion amused him. Since his re-
birth he had so expanded that he felt too
big for any petty revenge. Of course,
he wouldn’t mind doing tome tiling big,
thus making the woman sorry she had
turned him down. Hut nothing petty.
Besides, he wanted to earn some more
money, and he felt sure that Silas would
sell. Thus he thought, very contented,
a^ the train whirled him north to the city
of Silas Rutherford, looking forward to
the interview. The old man would cer-
tainly be startled.
  But the black town, enveloped him with
a certain degree of nervousness as its grimy,
outlying suburbs began to throw their
tentacle-like streets about the railroad
track, slowing the train. He had to light
down the heart-beats roused by the asso-
ciation of ideas, forcing himself to look
upon bis love for the woman as if it were a
disgusting disease, stripping her of the halo
with which he had once endowed her,
seeing her as “a rag and a bone and a hank
of hair” —and not too clean hair or rags
at that. And finally, when the train
reached the station, he achieved calm.
  There was satisfaction about signing his
name in the register of the best hotel, with
his tall liat somewhat on the back of his
head. Then, wisely, he took a cab to the
office of a first-class lawyer, told him about
the loss of the Psyche, omitting no details
and leaving a handsome retainer against
the possible Board of Trade investigation,
which, however, would be unlikely to drag
in anything about liis crime. But it seemed
best to play safe. He could put up good
bail, if the wrorst happened, and leave Silas
to hold the bag as he deserved. For Silas
was not in the happy position of having
all his assets comfortably stowed in his
breast pocket and could never make a
run for it, because he was anchored to
his investments by the steel cable of miser-
liness
  Worse, the poor old fool was stranded
on the shoals of matrimony, unable to run
for the open sea and safety, with a woman
scraping at a hole in his ribs with every' lift
and settle he made to the tide of life.
Williams, reveling in his metaphofs, began
to realize the benefits of freedom and to
feel that what he had taken for the shackles
of love was mere tissue-paper disguised in
tinfoil. He devoured an excellent dinner
and walked happily through the smoky
Touching the Perils
83
early dark of September, puffing no longer
at a pipe but at a two-shilling cigar.
  It was after office hours, but Williams
had waited purposely, knowing the ways
of Silas and wanting to meet him when
alone. Of course, there was the chance
of his staying home, now that he was
married. But the captain thought other-
wise, remembering cynically that the wed-
ding had occurred some weeks before.
  And he was right. True, for a few days
the old man had lingered by his fireside—at
home, rather, for Silas allowed no heat
in his house before late October—but he
had soon pleaded the call of business and
gone back to his old habit of sitting in his
lonely office, bemoaning liis unlucky invest-
ment in ships. And his wife had made no
objection. She had pretended, of course,
but had secretly rejoiced when he left her.
And Williams, stepping quietly, found the
outer door open and went in.
  He paused to think for a moment on the
number of times he had entered that office
full of a craven fear that he might lose his
job. Then he squared hi? shoulders and
went forward, still so quiet that Silas did
not hear him but saw him framed in the
doorway of the private office when he
happened to look up. And for a moment
the old man imagined he was looking at a
ghost.
  Then the captain shut the door, sat down
by the desk and lit another cigar, but he did
not remove his shiny hat.
  “Didn’t expect to see me, did you, you old
thief?” he began pleasantly.
  Silas made no reply. Williams was cer-
tainly not a ghost, but he was decidedly
an apparition—what with the frock coat,
the tall hat, the jewelry, the cigar and,
above all, the assured manner. He was so
unlike the old Williams that he was only
just recognizable as that person. And the
first coherent thought of Silas was the wish
that Williams had always been as he then
was—in which case the woman would have
never thrown him down.
  “I don’t need that dirty four hundred
and fifty—I’m a rich man now—but I’m
going to make you sorry for what you did.”
  “I am sorry, Williams, very sorry.” And
so full of truth was the old voice that the
captain believed him.
  “You mean it?”
  “Yes, I mean it. But not about the
money. You wouldn’t believe me if I said
I was sorry about the moneys and I don't
blame you. But I’ll give you a check for
that right away, Williams. I wish I could
give you back all I robbed you of so easily.”
He looked so old, seemed so tired, so
utterly disappointed with life, that Wil-
liams, who had come in anger, became
sympathetic. He watched the veined,
trembling hand writing the check and
coughed to hide an unexpected swell of
emotion.
  “Yes, Williams—” the old man handed
the captain the check—“maybe I was
alone too long; maybe I was never meant
for a married man, and maybe I got the
wrong sort of a woman. But, just as I sit
here, she sits at home-1-! want my ships to
sink; she wants me to die. And I must
leave her my money. It don’t seem right
not to, does it?”
  There is a clannishness about sex. Wil-
liams had gone to Silas with anything but
friendly feelings, but now he found himself
taking sides with him—against the woman.
   “If I was you, I’d give her fifty thousand
and tell her to get a divorce. Get drunk,
tell her to have witnesses and take a
strange woman home with you some night.
She’d jump at the chance to cry in court.
It’s the best wray out of it—infidelity and
cruelty, you know.”
  “But,” wailed Silas, “I’m a deacon of my
church—have been for forty-odd years.”
“It’s the devil how a man’s youthful
follies dog liis life, isn’t it?” answered
Williams gravely. “But I wouldn’t let
that stop me. You can easily square the
church with a fat check and a public con-
fession of sin. Weep a bit and beg ’em
to take you back into the fold. They'’11
like you all the better for it. It’s a cinch.”
The old man brightened; then he became
unhappy.
  “But think of the expense, W'illiams;
think of the expense,” he groaned. “With
shipping the way it is.”
  “Why, as to that, I can help you,”
W’illiams exclaimed as if the idea had just
come to him. “I have come into a tidy
bit of money, you see. Not got it all
through the courts yet, but got a good bit
of it. I’ve always wanted to be a ship-
owner—all skippers do—and I wouldn’t
wonder if things looked up soon. As I said,
I	can not get hold of all my money just nowr,
but I'll pay you five shillings a ton for an
option to purchase your seven ships, at
84
Adventure
their insured value. Option to run for six
months.”
  “Sav that all over again,” the old man
nearly screamed.
      WILLIAMS repealed his statement,
and the old man began to think, to
look for a trap. This looked too good
to be true, but, then, Williams always was
a fool, and, if he wanted to tie up his inheri-
tance in ships, that was his lookout. There
was no way Sikte could be cheated if he
watched out.
  “Looks to me like a temporary drop,
that’s all,” he said oihly. “It wouldn't sur-
prize me a bit to see freights take a big jump
pretty soon. Who left you the money?”
  “None of your bally business,” snarled
Williams. “And you can’t fool me about
freights going up. Me and my partner
want seven steamers. If you won’t sell
at the price I mentioned—the option is
because my money may be six months
before getting through the court—I can
easily get some one who will. Now, what
are you going to do?”
  “Price is till right if the form is.” Silas
spoke hastily.
  It would never do to let this golden oppor-
tunity get aw'ay from him.
  Williams gave him one of Smith’s printed
forms, and the old man read and rereau it
carefully.
  “Tliat’s all right and regular. You
must be buying from more than me to go
to the expense of getting these special forms
printed. But I ought to get more than the
insured value.”
  Y’ou can either take what I offered or
keep your ships,” Williams retorted, deter-
mined to keep Silas down to the price,
although the agreement with Smith per-
mitted him a fairly wide margin above it.
  And finally Silas agreed, very inquisitive
about the Smith party and the source of the
inheritance—a curiosity Williams did not
satisfy.
  And finally the captain left the city
without troubling to see the woman he
had once adored and unaware that she
had waited for him every day after her
husband had told her about his wonderful
change in condition and circumstance.
He left without being troubled by the Board
of Trade, feeling sorry for Silas. Asa matter
of fact, he was doing too wrell to hate any-
body, for a telegram from Smith in Loudon
liad invited him to dinner and to bring
all the options with him he might have
succeeded in buying.
  And Smith was radiant. Admitting that
everything was going splendidly, he paid
Williams for his options and promised to
pay for any more he could get. The con-
tract, which had been carried out, was
returned. Then they dined in a place
which Williams had only heard about.
But in his new dress-suit he acted as if
he had eaten in such places ever since he
began on solid food. And the wine flowed
very freely.
  “I can get you more options yet,” prom-
ised Williams.
  “Excellent, my dear friend, excellent.
Do you want die money now or when you
deliver?”
  “Lord,” Williams grinned expansively,
some curious intuition making him pretend
that the wine had affected liim more than
it really had. “Lord. I can trust you. We
are all in die same boat, aren't we?”
  Smith smiled as one knowing himself to
be sober smiles at one he imagines to be
drunk.
  “Yes,” he murmured, “all in the same
boat, my dear Williams, but we didn't
all get into the boat the same way, did
we?”
  W’illiams laughed fatuously. Then, his
voice rather hoarse:
  “No, w*e did not. You know how I got
in. How did you—pier-head jump or first-
class passenger?”
  It was hardly a polite question, not a
politely worded quesrion. but Smith merely
looked at the bottle and smiled again.
“As if you didn't know?'' he suggested.
“Oh,” Williams felt very much as when
he first talked to the scorpion—as if he
were trying to find his way in the dark.
“Oh, I suppose you were bom that way?”
  11	w'as a silly remark, but Smith glanced
at him keenly—
  “Think so?’’ he asked shortly.
  “Know it. just as I know that I wasn’t.”
“You’re a clever man." Smith com-
plimented. “Far more so than even I at
first believed.” He spoke thoughtfully.
“But we are the best of friends and can
trust one anodier. Tell me, how did you
find out that Sylvester was buying options—
Gib’s a queer place, in a way, for that.
And how did you discover who is to be die
final buyer—who are the firm, eh?"
Touching the Perils
85
  Williams fumbled with the tip of a cigar,
then clumsily bit it, again laughing foolishly.
  “You know, Smith/' he went on with the
portentous gravity of the intoxicated,
“I'm a good Englishman, but I ain’t a fool
about it. There's lots of people don’t
like to see an English ship sold to foreigners.
But I don’t care if the red ensign is changed
to the Hottentot flag, if I can make money
out of it. Did you say the Czar of Russia
was president of the firm? Would you say
that?”
  “No, I wouldn’t, but I will say you’re
drunk,” Smith spoke impatiently. “What’s
the use of all this fencing about the thing.
As you'll find when you try to buy, we have
picked up about all the options we want.
You know as well as I do that American
capital is behind this buying. Of course,
we had to keep it quiet and don’t intend
to talk now, but it was kind of annoying
for you and me to pretend there was a mys-
tery about it. You knew from the first
meeting that I was an American, just as
you know that America has been sorry
she hadn’t a merchant fleet.
  “Where you got the hint I do not know,
but you knew America lacked building
facilities and that it would be cheaper to
buy from the British, especially with
shipping on the blink, as it has been.
Besides, it would have taken too long to
have built our own fleet. And watch
freights go up when we call our options.
But it’s a bit of a joke on your country, eh?
Won’t the lion roar? Better become an
American citizen, old man.”
  Williams’ head sank forward as if he were
falling asleep, and Smith raised his hand to
shake him into wakefulness, muttering—
“Wonder if he only guessed—knowing
that America was the only place with
enough private capital to swing such a
deal?”
, V
SO THAT was it. What a blind
bat he had been not to see through
the scheme, Williams, still pretend-
ing drunkenness, thought as Smith saw him
to his room. But it was all right. If
Americans wanted to buy what the" British
wanted to sell, whose business was it? Of
course, there would be a howi from the
press. But why couldn’t the British ship-
owners have thought of a gigantic combine
which would have given them powrer to
make their own freight rates as the American
buyers intended to do? Well, let them
howl. They needed waking up in England.
  Smith, leaving London the next day
for some place he did not mention, called
to say good-by and to remind Williams
of his promise to say nothing about the
big deal until it was consummated. And,
when Williams promised readily enough,
Smith rewarded him with the advice that
he would be wrasting his lime to look for
more options. There might be one or two
ships not tied up wrhich the owners were
willing to sell, but he doubted it. And
Williams found he was right. Liverpool,
London, Belfast—every shipping town in
the kingdom was visited by the captain.
But not a single option could he purchase.
  “Whew, some deal,” he muttered as the
size of the thing dawned upon him. “Well,
I can’t kick. It helped me.”
  And he decided to visit the town of his
birth and indulge in a gentle spree.
  But the spree did not stop at the gentle
stage. It developed into the most involved
experience of its kind in the captain’s
eventful life. Famous among his brother
officers for his capacity, he was now finan-
cially able to do himself proud. So, when
he had hajd enough of it, what with the time
consumed running about England looking
for options and the time taken up by that
remarkable dissipation, some months had
passed since his farewell with Smith. And
events had occurred w’hich the captain,
never a reading man, had not heard about.
For whenev er a boon companion had at-
tempted to discuss the news of the day,
Williams had choked him off with more
palatable suggestion.
  Thus it happened, when coming out of
the Turkish bath, he encountered one of the
Pilling brothers, who looked as if he. also,
had indulged freely.
  “Been having a good time?” asked the
jovial captain.
  “I have. Smith has called the option,
you knowr. In about a week our first ship
will be delivered at the port designated.
It’s a relief to be free.”
  “What port?”
   \\ illiams wras uninterested but asked for
the sake of something to say, and Pilling
told him, adding the information that the
options given by several other ship-owners,
friends of his, had likewise been called—
for delivery at the same or adjacent ports.
86
Adventure
  “Humph,” muttered Williams to himself
as he walked along the beach, “the firm
must have charters already from there—
aren't wasting any time.”
  So he walked along the beach of the
large watering-place that he remembered
as a boy as a small fishing village and,
arriving at the end of the esplanade, sat
down on a bench to smoke. Presently an
old man sat down by his side and began to
read a newspaper.
  “Terrible time coming,” remarked the
old man after a while.
  “What do you mean?” drawled Williams
indifferently.
 “What do I mean?” The old was
annoyed. “Well, I’ll explain, if you can
not see it for yourself. It means war.
That shooting of the archduke was the
starter.”
  “Oh?” The captain dimly remembered
hearing of that affair.
  “Yes,” went on the other, “I believe it
was arranged. Those Germans would do
anything. Cunning devils.”
  “Well, wre should trouble,” remarked
Williams; “we won’t get into any scrap.
If we did, we have the navy.”
  The old man snorted.
  “Yes, we have. But we’ll be into it;
you’ll see that. And the Germans will find
some way of starving us out.”
  “Eh?” Williams was interested at last.
  “Yes, they will. Cunning devils. You
can not tell them from Englishmen or
Americans; they speak the language so
well. Starve us out, they will. And the
country’s full of them-4ill spies. Why,
there goes one of them now.”
  Williams stared at the well-dressed man
with the single, eyeglass w'ho walked slowly
past them.
  “How do you know he’s a German?” he
whispered.
  “That scar—on his cheek—look, quick,”
hissed the old man. “They get them
dueling.”
  For a moment Williams sat as if petrified.
Then with an oath he jumped to his feet
and began to run toward the railway
station, leaving the astounded old gentle-
man to speculate upon his sanity.
  But Captain Williams was quite sane—
as sane, if not more so, than ever before
in his life—even if his mind was racing with
maddening thoughts.
  For it w*as all clear now. He saw the
scheme from the very beginning. Yet its
cleverness might w'ell have been too much
for the brightest of men. Sylvester had
been scared because he had guessed—or
knew—that Smith was a German—or,
more likely, he w-as really a German spy
and afraid of being discovered by the
British. For Gib. is a had place for cap-
tured spies. Besides, Sylvester was a
British subject—consequently, if be were
a spy, he was also a traitor. Which ex-
plained his agitation and Smith’s curious
expression when Williams had referred to it.
And how careless Smith had been about
the price to be paid for the steamers on
delivery.
  lie had hardly mentioned it, allowing
Williams to suggest the price. No wonder,
when he knew that there was no intention
of paying any delivery money. And how
easy Smith had been about parting with the
fifty thousand. Of course, such a tiling
might happen in business, and the contract
signed by Williams in the Gibraltar bank
had mentioned everything, gone into all
the usual clauses, such as bottomry’ bonds,
attachments and the like. How Smith
must have smiled at that.
  What did he care about attachments,
once the ships were delivered into German
ports? And wiiat was fifty thousand in
such a deal—when the option money was
all that they were going to pay? Oh, he
sawr it. He saw it. And the options were
called. Options on at least eight-tenths of
the shipping of the British Empire. On the
eve of war they were being delivered to
German ports. The old man on the bench
had said that Germany was only waiting
till some prearranged moment before de-
claring war, and Williams believed him.
But would any one else believe?
  By God, he would force them to! Eight-
tenths of British shipping lured into Ger-
man ports for ten shillings or less a ton.
Williams had given little heed that after-
noon w'hen Pilling had told him that all his
ships were to be delivered in Hamburg
and that the ships of other owners who
had sold options were going to Bremen,
Hamburg and other German ports. But
he heeded now. Why, in a week or so all
those ships would be in German ports,
and, while the owners waited for their
money, war would come! How cunning
that time arrangement, which could be
extended on excuse, with liberal demurrage.
Santanta
87
  Cunning. And the cunning of Smith
up to the last. He had known Williams
was pretending to be drunk, and, when he
shook him in the restaurant, he had spoken
as if he believed he were speaking to a
drunken man—must have “guessed that
America was the only country with enough
private capital to swing such a deal.”
Cunning. Yes, he had been cunning. If
the old man had not called attention
to the scar on the face of that passing
German or if that German had not
passed at the time—but for that, Germany
would have starved England into sur-
render in a few weeks. On what tiny
incidents do the fates of empires hang.
But would others believe as Williams be-
lieved?
  Running frantically along the platform,
his tall hat in his waving hand, the captain
just caught the train. But would lie be
in time? Would he be believed? Not
about the options—that could be proved—
but about the certainty of war? There
was no sense in senamg a telegram. He
would be considered crazy and arrested.
And there was only one man to see—the
Prime Minister. But whsft could the
minister do, even if Williams made him
believe that the option-buying was a war
move?
  The captain had no idea, but he had
great faith in that important official. He
would see him—even if he had to fight his
way to him. The shipping of the empire
tricked irfto Germany’s ports—at ten shil-
lings or less a ton. Yes, they were clever.
But for the scar he would never have
guessed it. Slice-bar,-! He had thought
it a queer, unhandy sort of weapon when
Smith had told him the lie.
  Williams did not sleep that night, and,
when in the very early morning he reached
London, he raced to the first taxi on the
stand, shouting to the surprized driver—
  “Number 10 Downing Street, and drive
like-!”
  And the minister’s servants were also
surprized. They were accustomed to
cranks of all sorts, but this big man seemed
different. He didn’t shout or rave, and
his low, tense voice was commanding.
Still, they couldn’t let him in. It was too
early, they explained. Would he come
again later? Later they would be pre-
pared for him.
  But Williams refused to come later. He
wanted to see the Prime Minister right
away. If he were still in bed, he must be
wakened. The matter could not wait.
And he made as if to push by them.
  The servants looked at one another—
two big footmen, but neither of them
anxious to tackle this big madman. One
made a sign—phone the police while he
held the fellow off with talk. But the
captain saw the sign and guessed its mean-
ing. With head down—top hat still in
place—he was preparing to charge as he
would have charged refractory sailors,
when another voice broke in—
  “What is it, James?”
  And Williams saw the Prime Minister
coming dqwn the hall. He never remem-
bered how he obtained that interview.
His torrent of words was beyond his con-
trol. But he found himself sitting in a
famous room alone with the great man—
where the fate of Britain had so often been
decided.
WHILE the world knows that, just
before the outbreak of war, Ger-
many nearly succeeded in trapping
a part of the British navy in Kiel, this is
the first published account of her almost
successful attempt to trap eight-tenths of
the British merchant fleet and so starve
England into an early and ignominious
surrender.
santanta
BY W. A. STERNBERG
TIAT portion of Kansas now
included within the boundaries
of Ellswwth County was diffi-
cult to reclaim from the red
men. The country was well grassed and
watered, with sheltering belts of timber
along the streams, making it a favorite
Indian hunting-ground, swarming as it was
with buffalo, elk, antelope and smaller
game. White buffalo-hunters soon learned
how desirable the country was and made
persistent and finally successful efforts to
88
Adventure
establish homes there; all praise to those
courageous pioneers!
  General Hancock, in the Summer of
1867, was at Fort Harker organising an
expedition against the Indians; that cam-
paign and its failure have passed into
history, but an amusing incident connected
with it will be recalled by surviving “old
settlers.” This incident might properly
be entitled, “How the famous war-chief,
Santanta, bull-conned the general.”
  Hancock made great effort, to conciliate
the hostiles. He had several talks with
Santanta and his chiefs, carefully observing
traditional Indian council formalities. The
pipe of peace was smoked in solemn state
and much big talk followed. The love and
affection of the Great Father at Washing-
ton for liis red children was carefully
explained, as it had been time and again
for more than a hundred years. Many
valuable presents were made the Indians,
and among others General Hancock gave
Santanta a complete major-general’s uni-
form; sword, sash, epaulets, and gorgeous
cocked hat and plume. But the talks all
ended in smoke.
  General Hancock wanted to get his
troops alongside the Indian camp, but
Santanta divined his purpose and pro-
longed the talk until all his women and
children got away; as soon as this was
safely accomplished, he and his warriors
made themselves scarce. This expedition
proving a failure, it was soon disbanded.
  Not long before General Hancock’s first
talk with Santanta the Indians Lad cap-
tured a Government ambulance with its
team of four mules. Santanta represented
to the general the capture of this ambulance
was not approved by him, that it was the act
of some of his young men, who, he was
sorry to say, did not love their Father in
Washington as Santanta did. That it
would afford him great pleasure to return
the Great Father his mules and ambulance,
but unfortunately at that moment he was
off color with liis braves by reason of his
great love for the white man, ami Aval
chiefs pointed the finger of scorn at
him, saying he had a white man’s heart.
That if Santanta should take these mules
and ambulance from the young men, thev
would not listen when he should urge
them to be like Santanta, a friend of the
while man and obey the great white chief
And much more of the same chaff—all with
one object, which he accomplished. The
capture of the mules and ambulance—and
the killing of the driver—was passed over,
and they tacitly went with the oilier
presents.
  I have a vivid recollection—the danger
from Indians having passed until grass
should be green again—being at Fort
Harker one day. of seeing a four-mule
ambulance rapidly approaching the post
along the Fort Zara trail, the mules lashed
to a gallop by a filthy breech-clouted
Indian. The curtains had been cut away,
and there in his major-general’s uniform,
epaulets, cocked hat, plume and all, with
boiled shirt worn outside his trousers, arms
folded, face covered^ith dirt and dignity,
sat the renowned terror of the plains, the
redoubtable Santanta. His driver put the
mules around the parade-ground once or
twice, encouraging them with such fiendish
yells as only an Indian can produce.
When the importance of his chief had been
sufficiently exhibited, he stopped, and
Santanta paid a visit of state to liis brother.
General Sully.
  Santanta was low in stature, broad-
shouldered, deep-chested and crooked-
legged, and, seated there in a captured
Government ambulance, wearing the uni-
form of a major-general in the United
Slates Army, his broad face greasy and
horrid, he made a picture which was not a
caricature but a sad commentary on the
Government's then paternal method of
dealing with Indians.
  With the next season's grass came those
dark and bloody days which are burned
deep into the memory of the surviving early
settlers of Lincoln and Ellsworth Counties
and which established Santanta's reputa-
tion as one of the most cruel ravages the
plains ever produced.
 A Night in
the Wilderness
BY
 'WAL7' McDOVGALL
Author of “Pikers Afloat.”
I HAD been in the out-of-the-way Eng-
lish inn for three days before I noticed
that Jarvis wore service stripes. He
was flitting noiselessly, like a bam
swallow, about the low-ceiled tap-room
where I had sat alone for an idle hour,
when I remarked—
  “I see you’ve served, Jarvis.”
  “Harrdly, sor. I got strafed the very
first day I landed in Belgium, sor. In the
neck, sor. I wasn’t out of England a
week.”
“Are you an Irishman, Jarvis?” I queried.
“Well, not exactly, sor. Me mother
was a Jewess and me father a Yorkshire-
man, but I was born and raised in Dublin
until I was seventeen years old.”
  “Ireland must be some melting-pot!”
I mused aloud.
  “Well, sor, it is in a way, but not like
the States, sor. I’ve been to Hamerica,
sor.”
  “Oho! I thought I detected an .American
accent!”
  “Well, ye’d harrdly say that, sor. I
wasn’t there long enough for that!”
  “Were you in New York?” I questioned,
for his respectful and serious air seemed to
mask a certain sly humor that promised
some amusement.
  He seemed more like a schoolmaster
than a waiter.
  “In New York, yes, sor, and to Green-
wood Lake, New Jersey. Do you know
that place, sor?” he asked.
  “Every foot of it,” I replied. “I’ve
been going there since I was a boy.”
  “Indade! I’ve only met three people in
me life that had visited it. Then, sor,
you may have known Degraw’s Hotel,
loikely?”
a.
  “As well as my own club. But I don’t
recall you, Jarvis.”
  “ ’Twas manny years ago, sor, and I
wasn’t there long,” he said with a sigh,
gazing reflectively down the hedge-bor-
dered lane. “It’s sorry I am, often enough,
that I didn’t stick it out.”
  “What was the matter with Greenwood
Lake?” I demanded.
  “Faith, nawthin’ at alt sor!” he an-
swered as if surprized. “The Lake was
perfectly satisfactory—a good bit of all
right, sor. But I had a peculiar experience
there, one that I don't talk about much.”
Without a hint of warning that I was
about to get a jolt from out of the halcyon,
carefree life of long ago, I spoke up:
  “Wrell, this is a good talking day. Loosen
up the tale! Shoot!”
’TWAS whin I was just cornin’
twinty-one, whin I was workin' in a
hotel in Liverpool, that I got the
notion of immigratin’ to Hamerica, sor;
whin one o’ thim steamship wars was on
and tickets were cheap. I landed in New
Y'ork with a letter of ricommendation to a
parrty in Omaha, but the very day I landed,
before I found out where Omaha was,
Mr. Degraw hired me for a bartender, at
the Imployment Bureau. He took me
across the ferry and put me on the train,
intinding to send me alone, but then he
changed his mind. Says he:
  “I'm afraid. Yer so new to the counLhry
that somebody’ll be snatchin’ you and
puttin’ yer into a silo! I'll go with yer!”
’Twas a fine counthry, sor, rollin’ and
with manny fine towns and houses. Whin
we got up into the mountains where ’twas
wild and wooded, he says to me—
90
Adventure
“And what is it you’re lookin’ for so
sharply, me man?”
Whin 1 told him that I was watching for
to see the aborigines and the buffaloes, he
says, says he:
  “Buffalo Bill killed the last one in New
Jersey in the Spring of ’85, and the Injins all
wear regular clothes now like human bein’s.
But you’ll find they haven’t changed their
manners, me lad, whin you see them lined
up before the bar, especially the ones from
Essex County, d’ye mind!”
  “And the cowboys, sor, with their
lassoos and horses? I’ve seen only farmin’
machinery,” I says.
  “Oh, you’ll not see a cowboy this side of
Chicago!” says Mr. Degraw. “You must
know,' says he, “that there’s little excite-
ment up here in the mountains. All the
bad-men, gun-fighters and train-robbers
hang out in the big cities, and, if you’re
keen for that sort of life, you should have
stayed in New York.”
  The weather was bally hot, sor, the
thermometer hanging in the car registerin’
all of eighty-tnree. Quite bloomin’ trop-
ical, indeed! But, about the time I was
minded to remove my coat as my employer
and everybody else had done, we arrived
in higher regions, and I preserved my self-
respect, sor. It was much cooler at the
Lake.
  The bar, sor, was in the pool-room, near
the water some distance from the hotel;
the stock was very superior, and I thought
that whole situation wasn’t half bad. The
landlord instructed me in misan’ many
Hamerican drinks next mornin’. In the
daytime ’twas mostly lydies who frequented
the pool-room, playin’ lhe game very skill-
fully, 1 should say, but I gathered from
their conversation that Saturdays and
Sundays were much enlivened by the
presence of husbands.
  It was an extraordinary quiet spot, sor,
my word! I anticipated much from the
expected arrival towards evening of a favor-
ite visitor, a newspaper-man from Newark,
in the Province of New Jersey, by name of
Mack, who was an inveterate joker.
  I gathered the idea that he was some sort
of a big mogul from hearing Mrs. Degraw
tell another lydy that Mack was a prince;
that he was a genuine Indian. I was
charmed at the idea, don’t you know, of
encountering one of the aboriginal princes,
for Mr. Degraw had told me that they were
rapidly passing away because of their
adoption of the vice of dgaret smoking.
  It was an orfal hot day, incredible hot,
sor, witherin’, as you might sav, but
nobody seemed to mind it. Actually, the
landlord’s wife had worn a beaver’ cape
over her shoulders that mornin’. ’Twas
eighty six at three o’clock when Mr. Mack
and his friends arrived, bringing with him,
for their entertainment, a brass hand of five
men. He was a man in his forties, fat,
dark-haired, with piercing brown eyes
and a grand out jutting nose. But his skin
was as fair as your own, sor.
  Still, he had the gloomy stem look that
one naturally would expect in an Indian
chief, and the preposterous heat seemed
to have no effect upon him or his friends
except to give ’em a thirst. He was very
affable indeed—no royal airs at all—and he
asked me manny questions about the old
counthry after the landlord told him I was
from Ireland—especially about banshees,
pLxies and the likes o’ that.
  There was two of them that hadn't come,
by name of O’Toole and O'Keefe, being
kept by other ingagements until night,
when they were cornin' by carriage, a fifty-
mile trip! Sorry the day they ever started!
The German band serenaded the ladies
at the hotel, and then they all took posses-
sion' of the pool-room—all but the Indian
prince and an artist chap. who went out
fishin’. I asked Mr. Degraw what his
Highness preferred in the way of liquor.
  “What d’ve mean, Highness?” says he.
  “The Indian prince, sor. Mr. Mack,
sor,” I says.
  “Who told you he was an Injin?” he
asks.
  “I heard your good lydy say so, sor,
yesterday. I presume tiiis is the same
gentleman, sor,” says I.
  “Gosh! It’s a mighty good thing, young
feller, that you spoke to me about him.
If he suspected that you knew he was an
Injin, it’s ten to one that he’d scalp you
before you knew he had his knife out!
Don’t open your face and let out any
‘highness’ or 'prince’ stuff while he’s here—
not on your hatpin! Not on your hat-
pin!” says he!
  If all Hamericans were like that parrty,
Prohibition would have come in the States
long years ago through a natural failure of
supplies, sor! Sure, they kept Degraw
and me busy ordering tilings by names that
A Night in the Wilderness
9i
I more than suspect they invented right
there, and more than one deadly quarrel
Degraw only previnted by smoothness
and blarney, the wise man! The German
band, doubtless, aided him in that, begad!
It was a fine one!
WHEN the prince returned, he
brought with him a snake he’d
just caught. He handled it in a
manner to chili your blood. They told
me he had a fondness for the creatures and
often carried them about in his pockets.
He said it was a brindled rattlesnake and
extremely poisonous but that he had it
charmed, as you might say, and offered to
let me hold it in my hands.
  Wurroo! Sor, I can feel at this minute
the deadly chill that struck down my
legs as he reached the squirmin’ sarpent
toward me! He said he'd keep it to show
Petey O’Toole, who was addicted to snakes
even when he was sober, and he put it into
his trousers pocket!
  For men of their age—for they were all
years older than me—that was the liveliest
crowd I ever saw. They frolicked like
schoolboys and drank like bloomin’ hatters.
With wrastlin’ and boxin’ and jumpin’ in
that torrid heat, sor, they sported till sun-
down, and in the cool o’ the evenin' they
sat around listening to the sweet strains
of the band.
  By and by they began to boast of their
doin’s to annoy Mr. Degraw, for I had
soon discovered that he was the county
sheriff. And, sor, I heard some shockin’
details of crime. But Degratv only laughed
and said it was lucky for them that these
deeds had been outlawed by the Immunity
Act, or they’d be dissolving in quick-
lime that very hour. And a milder-lookin’
lot of blokes you couldn't have found on
anny Summer night the world over!
  Every onct in a while somebody would
regret the absince of O’Toole and O’Keefe,
and that would start another story about
one or the other of these men, something
that would start off innocint, belike, and
wind up with the creeps in your liver, sor!
  “D’ye mind,” says one, “the time they
stole the red-hot stove from the Mamin’
Register Office and piled pavin’ stones agin
the door and sat there in the snow-storm
till daylight drinkin’ applejack while the
police was cartin’ away the stones, afraid to
meddle with 'em?”
  “I do that!” says the prince. “ ’Twas
the very next day that O’Keefe attacked
me with a Cuban machete in Murray’s
saloon, and I had to lay him out with a
brass cuspidor. I carry the scar of the
cut he gave me to this day. But those
were rough old times! You remember the
night O’Toole got the cab-drivers into
Mink’s to buy them a drink and we stole
every cab in Newark and drove to Belleville
with them?”
  “Yes. That was awful! O'Keefe had
no excuse for killin' the mayor of Belleville,
even if it was a Prohibition town!” says
another chap. “Just because the mayor
called him a white-livered Home Rule mick
from Galway! T wasn’t right!”
  You may see, sor, that I did not regret
the absince of these two men from this
social gatherin’, for I could readily perceive
that they were desperate characters of the
type depicted by Bret Harrte in his “ Jumpin'
Frog” stories, although I gathered that they
were Irishmen of a sort. But a bit later
we heard shots in the distance, and almost
immediately afterward came the two des-
peraydoes in the vehicle they call by the
curious name of “buggy,” sor. One of
them—that was O’Toole—was a small, red-
headed, skinny chap with a mild eye, the
verry last you’d take for a bad one, and the
other was more like a parson than a hard-
ened murderer, a fine, tall, clean-lookin'
lad with curly hair but very profane with
his language.
  “Hurroo! We did the fifty miles in two
and a half hours, swoppin’ horses every five
miles!” sings out O’Keefe.
  “You’re a liar. It can’t be did!” says
the prince.
  “You’re no gentleman, you decrepit old
horse-thief. It was did!” says O’Toole,
climbin’ down in a hurry. “We'll have
the constables of nine towns after us for
shooting up each burg we passed through!”
They all crowded indoors, and O’Keefe
yells out:
  “Rum! Rum! And a bucket of blood!”
  Mr. Degraw whispers to me:
  “Be discreet, me boy, in talkin’ to these
birds. They’ve been drinkin’ some; I can
see that. We don’t want anv trouble here
tonight!”
  “Give us a couple of nitroglvcerin cock-
tails!” yells O’Keefe.
  “We are all out of nitroglycerin,” says
Mr. Degraw very smooth.
92
Adventure
  “Nix! Nix! None of that stuff!” O’Toole
bawls out, and the man reaches for his hip
pocket, his little eyes blazin’.
  “Hold on! Don’t draw, for you might
have to shoot ! ’ says Degraw as cool as you
please. “I may have some up at the
house.”
  He went after it, and he was gone-some
time. The prince motioned O’Toole to
come outside, and I could see him talkin’
earnestly to him in the light from the
doorway. 1 conjectured that he was ad-
visin’ him to act with discretion.
  Well, sor, if I could have been whisked
out o' that and over to old Ireland by
givin’ up ten years o’ my life, I’d gladly
have done it! Every time O’Toole's eye
rested on me, ray insides froze—and ’twas
a hot night, d’ye mind! When Mr. Degraw
came back, he had a tumbler half full of
some white stuff that he hands to O’Toole,
and says he:
  “Here’s your soul-poisoner, and may you
choke! I had to steal it from under old
Duy Foster’s bed while he was asleep. If
he’d woke up, he would have bored me!”
O'Toole takes it, and says he:
  “None of your tricks! Are you sure
you’re not trying to slip over some of that
turpentine flavorin’ or French perfume like
you did the last time!”
  “Taste it, you rattlesnake!” says Degraw.
O'Toole tasted it, smiled and passed it to
O’Keefe.
  “ ’Tis the real old safe-blowin’ juice—and
fresh!” says he. “Mix the cocktails—and
for all hands, d’ye mind.”
  Then they all began to protest that they
didn't drink that deadly stuff, but O’Keefe
pulls out a pistol, sor. and, when the drinks
was mixed, they drank them without
objectin’. O’Toole shook his head with
his mouth wide open, and says he, “Boys,
if I gritted my teeth, I’d blast my jaw off!
Now it’s whisky and other soft stuff that
I’ll have to stick to tonight. O’Keefe, I’ll
play you a game of pool, though my hands
are raw from drivin’ them fiery, untamed
steeds.”
  With that they went to playing pool,
me v'atchin' them, and divvle a one of ’em
was showin’ any effects from drinkin’ the
stuff, sor! The prince whispered to De-
graw, and he came to me and told me to
water some whisky in a bottle and serve
these two with it as they were like to make
trouble. I done that same, and the very
next time they took a drink they spat and
looked hard at me. My blood’ turned to
ice, sor! O’Toole put his hand across
O’Keefe’s chest, and says he:
  “Hold on, John, no killin'! Mabbe the
boy has a mother as you had onct.”
  “Since when has a mere mother—or even
a mother-in-law, for the matter o’ that-
stopped you or me, Petey O’Toole! He’s
watered our booze!”
  The whole crowd threw themselves on
them, and Degraw told them I’d given
them whisky out of the bottle reserved for
the man with delirium trimmins that was
boarding there. Finally O’Keefe calmed
down and went back to the pool-table.
The prince called on the band for music.
I could see that there was bad blood between
the two, and I never took my eyes off them,
sor. In the midst of the music they began
to quarrel over the game, callin’ each other
mortal bad names. Just as the band
stopped playin’, O’Keefe shook his fist
in O’Toole’s face, and says he—
  “You half-portion of a Hackensack
coprolite!”
  I mind the word well. O’Toole stepped
back, pulled out a revolver and with a yell
fired straight at O’Keefe’s stomach, not a
yard away! He fell without a word—just
crumpled up, dropped on his face, turned
over and lay still there beside the pool-
table.
EVEN in that horrible moment,
sor, 1 noticed that all of them turned
and looked at me instead of at the
murderer. That is, all except the German
band, who were too frightened to move.
O’Toole dropped the pistol and darted out
into the darkness, but-the crowd fell over
each other to get out after him. I did
not feel that it was my duty to join them,
as I was a foreigner, don’t you know, but
I would have been of no service as I was
badly funked.
  I suppose I was as pale as the band-
leader, who sat staring at the corpse in
horror. One man soon returned and asked
me where he could get a rope to hang the
murderer with when they caught him.
Before I could reply, he took down Mrs.
Degraw’s beaver cape that hung on a peg
on the wall and covered up the head and
shoulders of the dead man in a solemn
and reverent manner that quite touched me,
sor.
A Night in the Wilderness
93
  I could hear them yellin’ and makin
uncouth sounds in the distance for some
time as they searched, but soon they all
drifted in—all but the prince and Degraw.
They told me that these two, who were old
woodsmen, would soon round up the black-
hearted spalpeen and bring him back dead
or alive. The prince, they said, was quite
likely to kill him first and ask questions
afterward. They told me to remember
every detail, for I w'ould be the most im-
portant witness, and this made me very
nervous. Every few minutes one or two
of them were compelled by their emotions
to go outside.
  Suddenly there came a wild, thrillin’
yell from out of the dark, starless night.
Out they rushed. Between the dead man
inside and a murderer loose outside I felt
like siftin' tight, sor. When they came in,
they had the artist chap, drippin’ wet, who
said that he had been pushed into the
lake by some unseen hand. lie thought
it was O'Toole’s. I was much upset by
their indecent levity, sor, for they split
their sides at his misfortune even in the
presence of the corpse. It was quite
shockin’!
  None of them knew the bally counthry
about there, and they were afraid of bein’
lost in the dark. Besides, O'Toole was
well armed, having another pistol besides
the one he had dropped, as I omitted to
mention, beside the corpse and which had
been laid behind the bar right near me,
which increased my nervous horrors. They
knew so many details about the lives of
O'Toole and O’Keefe and related so many
of them, sor, that I was really made
quite ill.
  Finally along about midnight a loud
war-whoop that chilled my veins called
them out, and soon they returned with the
villain O’Toole. They had evidently
handled him roughly enough, and Sheriff
Degraw had handcuffed him so that he was
quite harmless, as you might say. But he
glared at me as if about to spring at me,
and the artist chap got between us. And
he says:
  “Let us give this fiend in human shape
a dose of lynch-law right here and now and
string him up. He’s as guilty as-says
he, "and he’s cheated the gallow's many
times already. You remember how he got
off after killing Lhe old woman over at
Smoky Hollow?”
  “We do that,” says the prince. “And do
you mind how he slipped out of the noose
the time he cut the throats of the two
school-teachers in Goshen?”
  “Sure! He’s a bally bad one!” gaid the
sheriff. “It’s agin my oath of office to
countenance such work, but we’ll try him
tonight.”
  “Can’t you wait until tomorrow so I can
send for a lawyer?” asks O’Toole with a
groan.
  “We can not!” says the prince. “You’ll
have to play your hand alone this time,
Petey, me boy.”
  So they started to try him. They made
me give my testimony first. It was a
sweatin’ job, sor, with O’Toole’s devilish
eyes burnin’ holes into me bewhilst. When
I was through, Degraw says:
  “We saw it all. A hundred witnesses
wouldn’t add to the proof. We’ll hang
him on young Jarvis’ evidence alone.”
“He’s done for me!” says O’Toole. “It’s
lucky for him that this is a dirty lynch-law
trial, or I’d get him sure later: As it is,
my spook will hant you, young feller, till
your dyin’ day! May your food choke you!
May your booze taste like bilge-water!
May your feet be cold in Winter and roast
in Summer! And may your wife take your
earnings to Asbury Park!”
  “Be reasonable, O’Toole!'’ says the
prince. “The boy’s only done his duty
to the counthry-”
  “He’s no better than a lousy informer!,,
cries O’Toole. “Men, I ask you as a per-
sonal favor not to hang me like a horse-
thief! Shoot me and let me die like the
good old scout I am! O’Keefe only got
what was cornin’ to him, and well he de-
served it. He stole both my wives. I
forgave him and, in fact, paid the carfare
on- one occasion. I overlooks his weakness
when he double-crossed me the time we
robbed the Prudential Bank and killed the
old cashier, w'ho was my second-cousin.
But he wrent too far for human endurance
the night he set the opera house on fire
and burned up ninety-six women and
children!”
  “Ah! Did he do that deed?” asks
Degraw. He was that overcome he leans
on the shoulder of the prince, and both of
them were sobbin’, sor. But the prince
with a deep frown says:
  “Raw stuff, Pete3', and old! This isn’t
a Newark jury.”
94
Adventure
  “Take off these cuffs and shoot me
quick!” says the man. “I have thirty
dollars in me jeans. Send them to the
Elk’s Lodge for to bury me with.”
  “Hand them here,” says the artist chap.
“I’ll attend to that.”
 “The - you will!” says O’Toole.
“Only over my dead body, you four-eyed
ink-slinger! I’ll match you for the thirty!”
Degraw took off the handcuffs and says,
says he:
  “Now, stand over here by the corpse.
Jarvis, you hand me that gun on the shelf
yonder. I'll shoot you myself.”
  Faith, I was mighty slow in reachin’ for
the weapon, as you may well believe, sor,
and, before I laid my hand on it, O’Toole
leaped through the door like a bloomin’
rabbit and was gone wid the whole pack
after him, yellin’ like fiends! All, that is,
but the artist chap, and he says in great
alarm:
  “Hide behind the bar, lad! You’re as
good as dead if he doubles back in the dark
to get you! It was your evidence that
convicted him, and he’ll take a chance
to pay ypu back!”
  I laid myself down behind the bar, and
there I stayed until they all returned.
  “We’ll put the bloodhounds on his trail
in the morning—if I can finish with my
havin’,” says the sheriff.
  “It’s on my mind that he’ll drown hisself
in the lake,” says the prince. “He'll never
be able to survive the loss of O'Keefe.
They were partners in crime for many years,
and O’Keefe’s ghost will hant him until
he makes away with hisself—you can
gamble on that.”
  Just then the bandmaster stands up
rather unsteadily, and says he—
  “Vot iss the matter mil playin' a dirge
for dot dead man, alretty?”
  “That’s a splendid idea. O’Keefe w^as
fond of music!”
WELL, sor, the band, which was
pretty well soused, as you might
say, played somethin’ slow and sad-
like, and*it affected their hearers so that
some of them had to go outside to hide
their feelin’s. But the prince spoiled
it all by ordering drinks, and then they
missed me. Degraw came behind the bar,
and says he—
  “And what do you there?” he asks.
  “They say he’s apt to come back for me,”
says I. “Sor, could I go to my room?”
“Shucks! That cheap Irish loafer! That
imitation barroom scrapper! He won’t
have the sand to come within five miles
of me! I’d bore him as full of holes as a
Swiss cheese!” says Degraw.
  With l hat I looks up, and there stands
O*Toole, glaring down through the window.
I he sheriff yelled, and everybody rushed
outside. I stood up and grabbed the
pistol just as he leaps into the room. Sor,
1 was that scared 1 points the gun straight
at his chest and fires, but he never turns
a hair! I never fired a pistol before in my
life, and 1 expected to see him drop at my
feet. But instead he steps up and says:
“You’d do better work with a brick!
Gimme a drink, you poor boob!”
  I drops the gun and hands him the bottle,
and there he stood drinkin' out of it when
the gang rushes back.
  “Boys, I give up!” he sings out. “I’m
through! I’m afraid of the dark out there,
and the Willies are chasin' me. O'Keefe's
spook, all pale and wavin’ blue flames,
follows me about and calls me a four-
flushin’ piker! String me up and end my
misery!”
  My word, sor, I was flabbergasted!
“O'Keefe’s spook!” said the prince.
“That man hasn’t been croaked long
enough to have a spook! The human jack-
rabbit never had soul enough to get an
X-ray of a spook that would show three
feet away! For that matter, we’ve been
prancin’ around here for two hours without
overhauling the corpse. How do we know
that he is dead, at all, at all?”
  “Oh, he’s croaked, all right!” says the
artist chap. “Rigor mortis and alco-
holic decomposition set in long ago. He
smells like sour mash! He’s laid there
under that fur cape without twit chin’ since
ten o’clock, but let the murderer lay his
hand on the dead body and make a test.
That will prove it!’’
  “Never! Never!” groaned the murderer,
shrink in’ back and takin' a pull on the
bottle. “Let this bartender do it!”
“Nonsense!” says the prince. “There’s
one sure test. Tickle the stiff just under
the first rib. If he moves, there’s life in him. ”
Well, sor, just as one of them stepped
toward the corpse, it drew up its legs over
its stomach! My flesh crept, and my
hair stood up. Then I saw that it was
protectin' itself against the expected
HI
The Wagon-Box Fight
95
tickling. But, before I could realize what it
meant, O’Keefe throws off the fur cape and
gets up on his feet! Says he:
  “You-fools must think this is a five-
reel film production! Gimme a drink,
quick! My -! My mouth tastes like
the subway, and my belly is so sore from
holdin in the laughs that I feel as if I had
appendicitis!’’
IISI! JARVIS paused a moment before
||||||| he made the final confession of his
tale.
  “Then, sor, it came to me in a flash that
they' had been spoofin’ me all along! They
were blank cartridges in the pistols!”
  “And then, Jarvis, you went over the top
and tried to clean out the bunch.”
  “I did that, sor! I handed that O’Toole
desperaydo one that jolted him a good bit,
but they overpowered me. They told me
that one poke proved my courage, and theyr
all shook hands with me, and the band
played ‘The Wearin’.of the Green,’ and, sor,
I think we got a bit drunk, sor. But how
did you happen to guess what I did, sor?”
  “I didn’t guess, Jarvis. I was there
that night. I am the artist chap, and
Harry Mack, the prince, was ray brother.
I fell in the lake while trying to get a peep
at your face. Man! Man! If I should
laugh now as we laughed that night, I’d
crack something! Ah, that was long, long
ago, old-timer. O’Toole has been county
treasurer for years; O’Keefe owns a news-
paper. And Harry has gone over, and
there’s nobody can do such things now!”
“But, sor, for the life of me, I never could
understand why they did it, sor. They
couldn’t have expected to find me there,
the poor greenhorn, and yet they started
off their spoofin’ the minute they’ came!
And them two the worst of all, sor! Did
the landlord play the trick on me, sor?”
“Never, Jarvis! He was no jokesmith.
It was your innocent Irish face did it,
all on the spur of the moment, for those were
gifted improvisers, and a hint to O’Toole
and O’Keefe was enough.”
  “Well, axmyway, I went back to old Ire-
land three days after, and that’s all I ever
see of the States, sor.”
THE WAGON-BOX FIGHT
       by E. _A. BRININSTOOL
U[QUESTIONABLY the greatest
battle between white men and
Indians ever fought in the West—
taking into consideration the
small number of whites and the awful
death-toll they inflicted—was what is
known historically as the W’agon-box
Fight of August 2, 1867, which occurred
some twenty miles southeast of the present
city of Sheridan, Wyoming, and about six
miles from old Fort Phil Kearney, at that
time one of the important military posts
on the new wagon road which had been
opened by the Government to Bozeman,
Montana. In this fight, thirty-two sol-
diers and civilian wood-choppers, stationed
at the fort, were surrounded in a corral
made of the beds of the wagons used in
transporting logs to the fort, by three
thousand Sioux warriors under command
of Chief Red Cloud, and after a most
terrific engagement lasting from about
seven in the morning until two or three
in the afternoon were relieved by a de-
tachment from the fort.
  The most amazing part of this fight is
the fact that the whites lost but three men
killed and four or five wounded, while the
Indian loss, as acknowledged some years
later by Red Cloud, and verified from
other Indian sources, was 1137. This
was the first real battle between whites and
Indians in which breech-loading rifles were
used by the former against the bows and
arrows and old-fashioned firearms of the
savages.
  In anticipation of a battle during the
process of cutting and transporting logs
to the fort to finish needed buildings, the
boxes from fourteen wagons had been
removed and arranged in a semicircle on
the level plain a short distance from where
96
Adventure
the wood-choppers were at work, being
guarded at their task by soldiers from the
fort. Several extra rifles apiece and ten
thousand rounds of ammunition were two
of the reasons for the awful slaughter
inflicted by the soldiers and wood-
choppers. On the morning of August 2,
1807, the wood-choppers were barely at
their task when Indians by the hundreds
swarmed from the ravines and gullies
where the pine logs were being cut.
  Of the number at work, thirty-two man-
aged to retreat in safety to the wagon-box
corral, where, under the command of Capt.
J. W. Powell and Lieut. John -Jenness,
preparations for a stubborn light were im-
mediately begun, although their enemies
outnumbered them nearly a hundred to one.
  Confident of being able to overwhelm
the little party, Chief Red Cloud devoted
some little time to preparations for the
battle. Then a force of five hundred of
his leading warriors, mounted on their war-
ponies, detached themselves from the main
command and started for the little corral
out on the level plain. Whooping and yell-
ing, on they came with ponies on the run.
Not a shot was fired from the corral until
the horde of screeching savages were within
fifty yards, when a perfect sheet of flame
ringed the corral, and a rain of bullets was
poured into the advancing ranks.
  The firing was not one solid volley and
then, silence, as the Indians had anticipated,
but it was a steady and persistent stream
of fire, which mowed them down in scores.
The astonished braves could not under-
stand the rapidity of the firing, knowing
nothing of the new breech-loading arms
which had been supplied to the soldiers
but a very few days before. In the front
of lhe corral where the brunt of the charge
had been met, horses and men were cut
down as by some giant mowing-machine.
  Dazed and chagrined by the failure of
the first charge, the Sioux fled back out
of range of those deadly rifles, where Red
Cloud consulted with other chiefs upon
another plan. Seven hundred Indians were
ordered to prepare themselves as a skirmish-
ing party. They were led by the great
Red Cloud’s nephew in person. Support-
ing them and intended to constitute the
main attack were the w'hole remaining body,
numbering nearly two thousand warriors.
  In the first attack but one of the whites
was killed and two severely wounded.
Again the Indians advanced and again the
fire belched forth from the corral, mowing
down the savages in scores. The Indians
could not account for the sustained and
frightful fire.
  “The white man must have made bad
medicine,” they said afterward.
  Charge after charge w-as made on the
heroic little band huddled within their
miniature fort, but each w-as successfully
repulsed. The firing was heard at the
fort and relief was sent, before wrhich the
Indians retreated. They had “got enough.”
Today but three men are known to be
alive who took part in that most remark-
able battle. They are Sergt. Sara S.
Gibson of Omaha, Nebraska, Frederick
Claus of Lincoln, Nebraska, and M. Litt-
man of St. Louis.
  Some liistorians have contended that the
w’agon-boxes were lined with boiler iron,
which accounted for the small loss suffered
by the whites, but Sergt. Gibson has in-
formed the writer that such is not the case.
  “They were the ordinary wagon-boxes
made out of inch pine boards,” said Gibson.
“Most of the bullets fired by the Sioux
splintered the tops of the boxes to slivers,
but our loss was slight compared to that
which we inflicted.”
  In reminiscing regarding the Wagon-box
Fight, about 18S8 on the Pine Ridge reser-
vation, Chief Red Cloud, then an old man,
said he went into the fight with over three
thousand braves and lost over half. He
was asked if he meant that over fifteen
hundred were killed. The old chief sorrow-
fully shook his head and replied:
  “I lost them. They never fought again.”
Author of “Tfic Vengeance of Rooney,” “An Hour,” etc.
IT WAS a barbarously decorated big
room in the casa of Datto Parang.
The casa stood on the west coast of
Tawi Tawi, away down under the
pale rays of the Southern Cross.
  Hanging against the walls of the room on
all sides were coarse-woven, gorgeously
colored tapestries, and fastened to them
were spears, shields, bolos and krises of
various designs. Also there was a dried
and shriveled head or two—silent, grue-
some proof of Parang’s personal prowess as a
warrior. The furniture consisted of a
number of chairs made of some hard, red-
dish wood, crudely but fantastically car-
ved. In the center of the room was a
long table of pure ebony, its top polished
to a mirror finish. At one side of the
table sat the datto, and opposite him was
Crawson, white man, renegade, commander-
in-chief of the datto1 s motley but vicious
army.
  On the table between them stood a teak-
wood box which was about ten inches long,
six by six, bound with heavy iron bands and
secured with six powerful locks—two on
either side and one at each end. There
were also iron rings for handles at each end.
The box had no hinges. To open it, the
smooth, snug-fitting lid was merely lifted off
after all six locks had been unfastened.
  Parang .produced a ring containing six
keys, unlocked each of the locks, lifted off
the lid and burrowed his hand, wrist-deep,
into the contents five hundred thousand
dollars in jewels. There were diamonds,
rubies, pearls, emeralds and a plentiful
mixture of the other and less noted kinds.
7
The datto lifted his hand, palm up, and
slowly spread his fingers. There followed a
shower Like the falling of varigated hail, and
the jewels dropped back into the box,
scintillating, flashing every color of the
rainbow.
  Crawson gazed at the little pebbles
hungrily as they fell through the datto’s
fingers, sparkling and flashing signals of
ease, of creature comfort. Five hundred
thousand dollars in portable, disposable
form. In Sydney, in Paris, with that box
—what a life! Crawson had not been in
Sydney or in Paris, but he had imagination
and gave it free rein.
  Parang’s small black eyes glowed fanat-
ically. Here, indeed, was wealth to buy
many guns and more bullets with which to
slay the hated Christians. The datto plan-
ned to unite the entire Moro forces and
sweep the archipelago from Sulu to Luzon,
to drive out the Americans and enslave all
Christian natives. Crawson had made him
believe it possible.
  In fact, it was Crawson who had origi-
nated the idea of accumulating a fund to
buy arms and ammunition. Shortly after he
had established himself as commander of
the datto’s army, he laid before the latter his
plan for a systematic session of looting to
be perpetrated in Mindanao, the proceeds of
these incursions to be saved until the sum
reached a total of five hundred thousand
dollars.
  “But, sciior” protested the datto, “all of
the rice and bullocks and potatoes in Tawi
Tawi and Mindanao put together are not
worth five hundred thousand dollars.”
98
Adventure
  “That's just the trouble with you, Dal to.
You think only of such cheap trash as rice
and bullocks and potatoes. Forget that
stuff and go after the big game. Now,
these Catholic churches over iu Mindanao
have gold candlesticks and gold cups they
call chalices, and the padres have got all
kinds of gold money and precious stones.
What we want to do is to rig up some good,
strong double outriggers that will stand a
trip from here to the coast of Mindanao, go
over in small parties and relieve these
church gentlemen of their wealth. They
took it from the poor dev ils over there, and
it’s past time that somebody took it from
them.
  “And another thing, Datto. Any of these
filibusters who'll be willing to run guns in
here to us won't be willing to accept Spanish
money or gold candlesticks. Either one
would create suspicion against them. But
convert everything into jewels—diamonds,
rubies, pearls and the like—and they’ll take
those fast enough.”
  The datto had fallen in readily enough
with both ideas. The outriggers were
built, and the business of robbing churches
and almost everything else was promptly
begun. The results were highly pleasing
to Crawson and Datto Parang but deeply
distressing to numerous padres. The hard
part, however, for Crawson, had been to
keep Parang from buying guns in small
quantities and thus preventing the accumu-
lation from reaching the intended amount.
  But finally he convinced the datto that
it was safer to take one big chance of landing
all the guns and ammunition at one time
than to risk a number of small shipments.
Thus the wealth now' in hand had reached
the five-hundred-thousand-dollar mark.
There was no excuse for further delay. In
fact, Crawson did not wish to delay any
longer. The time had come to gather the
fruit of his labor and his planning.
  The little box had been brought out on
this particular occasion to put into it more
gems—the result of the last raid. Craw-son
drew from his pocket a small leather bag
•and poured its contents into the box.
Parang closed and locked it, rose and took
it into an adjoining room—his owti sleeping-
apartment.
  Crawson wished that he knew the exact
hiding-place for the box, but several subtle
attempts to find out had failed.
  When the datto returned, Crawson looked
at his watch, pleaded fatigue and said he
wished to retire for the night.
  As a rule Crawson chose to sleep in his
tent even when at headquarters. However,
there w'as always a sleeping-apartment
ready for him in the datto's casa, and to-
night he said that he preferred a soft bed.
So the datto called a slave, who lighted a
large brass lamp and stood waiting to lead
the way to Crawson's apartment.
  The white man rose and starLed to follow
the servant; then he stopped suddenly as if
he had just thought of something.
  “Ah,” he said, “1 must not forget my
little courtesy.”
  He opened his cigaret case and studied
its contents closely for a moment. Then
he carefully selected a cigaret, placed it be-
tween the datlo’s lips and held out a lighted
match. This was a custom which Crawson
had established early in his associations
with Datto Parang.
  “It is a token of my loyalty,” he told the
datto on that first occasion.
  The Mohammedan had been much flat-
tered, and since that lime they had never
parted until the little ceremony was per-
formed.
  When he reached his room, Crawson
went to bed but not to sleep. He did not
want to sleep. Besides, his nerves were
taut, and he fought continually to suppress
excitement. FinaUy he lit a cigaret. It
was a native production, and he threw it
away in disgust, found a brown paper and
some American tobacco and rolled a
smoke. Then he settled back and in the
pages of a six-months-old magazine tried
to forget the passing of time. Nevertheless,
he looked at his watch often, and at last the
hands pointed to one o’clock. He judged
that the time for his work had arrived.
  He arose, dressed in an outfit of native
clothes instead of his uniform and buckled
about his w^aist a belt to which hung two
large revolvers and one small kris. The
belt contained one hundred cartridges.
Crawson made his way without a sound
back to the big room and with his left
hand gently tried the door to Parang’s
bedroom while his right hand gripped the
hilt of the small kris. He was not sure that
Parang was asleep, and. in case he was dis-
covered, a pistol-shot was out of the
question.
  Crawson found that the door w-as fastened
on the inside. He waited breathlessly, his
Rescued
99
 ears strained for a sound. He could
 hear his watch tick off the seconds. A
 minute passed; no sound came. Then he
 carefully stuck the kris through the split-
 wattled door just below the wooden latch
 which fastened it on the inside. Next he
 • pressed down on the handle of the kris, thus
 lifting the latch with the blade. The
 door opened readily, and Crawson stepped
 in.
 ’ A lamp was still burning. Parang was
 stretched on his bed crosswise, dead for the
 time being, his clothes still on. Crawson’s
 cigaret had fulfilled its purpose. Another
 detail of his plan had worked out as cal-
 culated. This was encouragement.
   The next step was to find the teak-wood
 box. He looked about the room. The
 box was not in sight. The walls of the
 house were split-wattled bamboo and
 thatched on the outside; there was no
 chance of its being hidden there. A thor-
 ough investigation of the furniture re-
 vealed nothing, and Crawson grew anxious.
 That the treasure was somewhere in the
 room, he was positive, for more than once he
 had seen Parang carry it there. And he
 knew that the datto was too well acquainted
 with Moro nature to have intrusted the box
 to any one.
   Still, apparently, his search had already
 eliminated every possible hiding-place.
 No; there was one other. Happy thought.
 Why had it taken so long to come?
   On his hands and knees Crawson began
 going over the floor. At last he moved the
 foot-mat beside Parang’s bed, and there his
 search ended. A square panel had been
 cut out of the floor and a sort of trap-door
 made. Crawson raised the door, lifted
 out the box and started to leave the room.
 Then he thought of the six keys. He
 found them in the pocket of Parang’s tunic.
 OUTSIDE of the casa Crawson
 walked to a small, shabby tent and
 _ rapped on the closed flap. A few
 seconds passed, and then two husky Moros
 emerged from the tent and saluted in soldier
 fashion, their bare, bronze shoulders glist-
 ening under the full moon. These were the
 white man’s personal servants.
   “Chow,” ordered Crawson. "Enough
 for two days.”
   The two servants were accustomed to
 sudden trips started in the middle of the
 night. They were used to the demand for
chow and were always prepared to produce
it quickly. Silently the two disappeared
and in a few minutes returned with food for
a two days7 journey.
  “To the boats pronto,” Crawson ordered
and fell in behind them.
  At the beach Crawson pointed to a large
outrigger. The Moros clambered aboard
and took their places at the oars. The
white man followed, and, as he seated him-
self in the stern of the boat, he saw one of
the Moros make a slight gesture toward the
box. Also, he noted that tjie two were
whispering furtively to each other. He
wondered if some rumor of the box and its
treasure had reached them. It was pos-
sible. Yes, even probable. Secrets were
hard to keep. At any rate, it was plain that
his servants were suspicious, and Crawson
decided that the sooner he asserted himself
the better. He whipped out one of his
revolvers and said curtly:
  “I’m leaving this-country of yours,
and you two may as well know it now as any
time. Shove off, and the first one that
makes a sound is meat for the sharks.”
  For half an hour the men rowed vigor-
ously under the stimulus of the white man’s
gun. Then he ordered a halt and called
one of them over to him.
  “Take off that bolo,” he said, “and throw
it into the sea. Now, have you got any
more knives stored away about you?”
  “No, senor,” answered the Moro.
  “Turn your back,” said Crawson, “and
I’ll soon find out.”
  When the man’s back was turned, Craw-
son pressed the muzzle of his revolver
against the brown neck just below the ear
and with his left hand felt around the waist-
band of the fellow’s breech-clout and
brought out a wavey little double-edged
kris.
  “I thought so,” said the white man and
threw the thing overboard after its larger
brother.
  “Now, go back and take your place at the
oar,” he ordered.
  When the first servant was seated, Craw-
son called the other one over and searched
him also.
  “Now,” said Crawson, “if I turn my back
for the fifth part of a second, you hombres
won’t be able to whiz a knife into me. And
don’t forget to put some muscle behind
them oars. If you do, I might get careless
with these six-shooters.”
IOO
Adventure
  After that he settled back to guard the
two men who were sending the boat north-
ward with long, sweeping strokes.
  It was a trip of about one hundred and
ninety miJes that Crawson was intending
to make, and he figured that he could force
the two Moros to row that distance in
seventy-two hours. He had planned to
run north from Tawi Tawi until he passed
Zamboanga City, which is at the southern
end of the Zamboanga Peninsula.
  Then he proposed to change his course
east and pick up the coast of Mindanao off
San Ramon, which is about twenty miles
north of Zamboanga City. Here he would
land among the peaceable Subanos, where
there were no Moros and where he was
reasonably sure there would be no troops.
He could not afford to meet any soldiers—or
any white people at all, for that matter.
He did not know just how much the author-
ities knew about his raids in Mindanao or
just how badly he might be wanted.
  After landing he intended to go into the
jungle near San Ramon, tie the Moros hand
and foot and hold them prisoners. There
in the jungle he would remain until he
could learn of some steamer that was
sailing from Zamboanga to Australia.
Then he would turn his prisoners loose at
the last minute, slip down in the night and
get aboard the ship. And the new life
would begin.
  It was a clear night. The moon silvered
the smooth, green water, and the arms of
the outrigger hissed as they skimmed
lightly along the surface.
  With his gun in his right hand and the
tiller in his left, Crawson held his boat to the
north. Far astern of him, low in the sky,
hung the Southern Cross, symbolic of the
tropics, of adventure. At his feet lay five
hundred thousand dollars—not in humdrum,
commonplace money but in clean, pulse-
stirring jewels. The blood coursed hotly
through his veins. He felt the thrill of
lawlessness—of piracy. He had defied all
conventions, alJ law. He liad set aside all
scruples and taken for himself what he
wanted out of the wealth of the world.
And now he rode, a very monarch on the
broad sea, forcing by sheer power two hu-
man beings to do his absolute will. Thus in
exhilaration of possession, Crawson coaxed
and threatened and drove the Moros on to
greater effort. He knew that daylight
would bring discovery and that the land
and the sea would then be searched in all
directions.
  The precious hours from 2:30—the time
when Crawson left the beach—till daylight
sped id1 too swiftly. When day dawned,
the two Moros were extremely tired, and
Crawson’s direst threats, accompanied by
an occasional blow, failed to speed up the
swing of their oars. To make the prospect
less rosy, black clouds were gathering in the
heavens and the wind was steadily increas-'
ing. About eleven o’clock in the morning
Crawson saw two outriggers rise on the
crest of a long sw-ell well astern of him.
There were at least a dozen men in each of
the boats. Crawson had expected to be
pursued, but he hardly thought they would
have overtaken him so soon. At first he
was inclined to doubt that they were pur-
suers. But any question as to who they
were was promptly settled by a puff of
w'hite smoke which rose from one of the
oncoming boats and a Mauser bullet which
came whining across the water.
  Crawson knew that it was no miracle
that the Moros should have picked up his
course so easily. Had he gone in any other
direction, they would have sighted him just
as quickly. For these were only two of a
dozen boats sent out in fan-shape formation
so as to cover the entire surface for miles
around. The wrhite man now prayed for
the storm which he had so recently dreaded;
it would at least put an end to the firing and
perhaps give him a chance to elude the
A loros.
  The pursuers wrere pulling nowr with all
their might, and with the strength of their
many oars they were gaining fast. It
seemed but a question of time until the
erstwhile general would be overhauled and
taken prisoner or else shot by his own sol-
diers. Crawson realized that he must do
some tiling—that in some wav he must
drive the two men in his owti boat on to
greater effort. He fired two shots in quick
succession into the gunwales of the boat,
one shot at the elbow of each of the Moros.
  “Pull!” he shouted. “Pull! Or the next
will lodge in your hides."
THE terror of the shots and the
fierceness of Crawson’s voice sent
fear to their hearts; they forgot
their fatigue, leaned far forward and then
bent their oars with long backward sweeps.
The boat shot out with doubled speed, and
Rescued
IOI
the pursuers ceased to gain for a short time.
But the exertion that Crawson’s men had
been driven to was short-lived; it was be-
yond their powers to keep it up.
  In the meantime the waves were rapidly
rising, for the wind, which had been blowing
briskly from the northwest, suddenly shifted
to the southwest with increased force.
And now, instead of being compelled to
pull partly against the wind, Crawson had
both wind and water at his back driving
him along his proper course faster than
twenty oars could have done. But the
same wind which drove his boat up the
watery mountains and down across the
seething valleys did the same for his pur-
suers. Nevertheless, Crawson welcomed
the storm, which by now had turned the
sky to a black shroud and the sea to a
roaring, tearing monster.
  By this time the two oarsmen had let
their oars go and turned all their attention
to the business of staying in the boat. And
the little box was bouncing around in a way
that was alarming. Crawson sheathed
his revolver—there was no danger from his
servants just then—and knelt astride the til-
ler, thus holding the boat on its course.
Then he felt under the seat and found a
short coil of rope. This he ran through the
iron handles of the box and bound it to his
shoulders.
  Often now, as the frail craft scurried up
the. green wall of some gigantic billow,
Crawson felt sure that it would pitch
backward, bottom up, and be crushed by
the great rolling mass of water immediately
behind. Still the boat continued to climb
up the sheer, green banks, its arms out-
spread like some monstrous spider, and
Crawson would lean to the bottom lest he
fall out backward.
  Then, when the little shell would shoot
over a curving ridge and cling there for a
breathless second, Crawson was transported
to raptures. In those few brief moments
he would live ages at the pinnacle of life.
And yet again, as the stinging salt spray
whipped his face and the boat raced down
at a speed which no engine could propel and
the combing crests of the waves lapped out
at him like hungry tongues, Crawson
shouted in joy and defiance at the wild,
whirling elements about him. But through
it all he never forgot to use his tiller. With
that he kept the stern of his boat to the
wind—kept it from turning broadside and
being swamped. It was a glorious battle,
the pigmy man outwitting and overriding
limitless power.
  So filled was Crawson’s mind with sen-
sations that he had forgotten he was not
alone until reminded by the sight of his two
servants diving overboard. He realized
that only some imminent danger could have
driven them to leave the boat and brave
such a boiling tumult. So he began
scanning the horizon as closely as possi-
ble for an explanation of this sudden rash-
ness.
  First he eyed the boat up and down for a
leak, but there was none. There was no
water in the bottom to speak of—merely
what had splashed aboard in the form of
spray \ the little craft was riding the waves
buoy antly. At that instant the boat was
on the crest of a towering billow, and Craw-
son was in a position to see much of the
watery^ space about him, but the two ser-
vants were not in sight. Doubtless they
had been carried down.
  From the elevation of its position the
little craft dived to the seemingly bottom-
less depth of a watery chasm. Then on
the crest of the next wave Crawson learned
why his oarsmen had chosen to go over-
board. Scarcely had he seen it when his
boat, rushing down the opposite side of the
great wave with a scud-driving speed,
crashed upon the reef and shattered to
splinters. The Moros had feared this
more than the raging water.
  There was a swirl of water about Craw-
son’s ears, an impression of tangled rafts
of kindling wood, and then he found himself
clinging to the reef, although the sharp
coral cut his hands terribly. Instinctively',
half-consciously, he freed one hand and
reached up to his shoulder. The box was
still there, intact.
  Taking conditions as they were, the thing
of most and immediate importance was to
find some sort of shelter from the tremen-
dous weight of onrushing water. Unless he
did this, Crawson knew that he would soon
be beaten insensible. He dragged himself
up and crawled slowly over the reef,
holding grimly with hands and feet to the
irregular surface to brace his body against
the ever-surging water. Thus he worked
his way slowly and painfully to the western
edge of the reef. Once there, he crawled
down the rough side and found a ledge that
afforded him a foothold. The ledge was
                                                                                               1
102	Adventure
several feet below the surface. And, stand-
ing on this with more than half of his body
under water and clinging to the edge of the
reef with both hands, he was partially pro-
tected from the storm-driven water which
broke and spent most of its force on the
opposite side.
  Crawson remained clinging here for what
seemed to him an unendurable length of
time. His shoulders ached from the weight
of the box, which had become to him not a
thing of pounds but of tons. His fingers
were cramped and bleeding from holding to
the ledge, and he felt that he had been hold-
ing on there since the first ray of the first
dawn. But in reality it was less than an
hour, for the storm broke quickly, as they
so often do in tropical waters. The clouds
melted, and the siui shone forth, dazzling,
searing.
  As soon as the commotion of the water
began to subside, Crawson left his perch
on the ledge and drew himself up to the
surface of the reef. The seas were still
running high, but the force was no longer
behind them. Crawson was able to stand
up and survey his surroundings.
H ALMOST the first thing he saw was
a 1owt, flat speck of land. It was a
mere dot on the face of Lhe ocean.
He could see across it. There were no
inhabitants, no growth—just a bare, bald
sand-dune with a rocky formation at one
end, completely surrounded by a coral
reef. Yet to Crawson it was a paradise,
an oasis in the desert. He judged the
island to be about a mile from the reef, and
even in his present condition he felt equal
to a swim of that distance.
  The seas were fast getting down to nor-
mal. Crawson scanned the horizon in
search of the Moros. They were not to be
seen. The white man was glad for this.
He might be able to swim a mile, but he
was in no shape for an encounter with a
gang of Moros. Moreover, he had no
weapon except his two hands with which to
defend himself. When his boat had been
wrecked, his belt was torn off in some way,
and with it went his dagger, his revolvers
and ammunition.
  Crawson sat down and took off his shoes
and trousers, Lied the shoes together and
swung them over his neck, stuffed the trousers
in between his back and the jewel box,
slipped into the water and struck out for
the island with a long, steady stroke that he
knew- he would be able to maintain.
  As soon as he reached the island, which
he judged to be about five miles in circum-
ference, Crawson began going over it in the
hope of finding fresh water. But, much to
his dismay, there was not a drop to be
found. But he did come upon numerous
birds. Some of the more timid ones flew a
little away at his approach, but most of
them merely waddled to one side as he
came near. He recognized them for gun-
nies and terns, and by the great quantities
of eggs strewn on the sand he knew they
were there for the purpose of breeding.
This, then, solved the problem of food.
However, Crawson’s thirst was greater
than his hunger just then; so he determined
to look again for water before trying Lhe
eggs.
  While pursuing his search for water,
Crawson discovered the hull of an old
wreck, a small sailing craft. It was piled
on the beach and half buried in the sand,
indicating that it had been wrecked years
before. He ripped an oaken plank from the
side of the old hull, broke it at a convenient
length, w’ent back about two hundred yards
from the beach and began to dig. He had
expected that he would have to try in many
places, but to his surprize water began to
bubble up through the sand when he had
dug down less than five feet.
  Crawson cupped his hands and tasted it.
It was cool and fresh—not the slightest
tinge of salt. He thought it a miracle that
he had struck water al the first place he
tried. Later he w'as to learn that he could
strike water anywhere on the island as soon
as he dug down to the level of the ocean’s
surface. It was merely the ocean water
that seeped through the sand and was fil-
tered in the process.
  When Crawson had slaked his thirst at
the little well of his own making, his incen-
tive for further exertion was removed.
For the present, at least, his hunger was
forgotten in the crying need of his body—
his entire body from molecule to muscle—
for relaxation, rest.
  The ancient schooner had come on to the
beach at the north side of the island with its
nose pointing southward. Therefore, as
the time was afternoon, the western side of
it offered a small space of shade. Crawson
strelched out in the coolness of this spot
and gave himself up to slumber—that
Rescued
103
slumber which is absolute oblivion the
oblivion that comes to the utterly ex-
hausted.
  Crawson was aroused some hours later
by the lapping of cool water about his body.
The waves had actually reached the height
of his neck. It was high tide. He crawled
out of the thin sheet of rising and receding
water and stood up, once more fresh, in-
vigorated, hungry, ready for the eggs.
  He scooped out a slight depression in the
sand, placed in it half a dozen eggs and
covered them with more sand. Then he
ripped a plank from the old wreck and with
a heavy chunk of coral broke it into fine
splinters and piled them over the eggs
ready to fire. But, when he drew' from his
pocket a supposedly w’aterproof match-box,
he found that his matches were totally
dissolved by water. However, this did not
daunt Crawson, nor did he mean that he
would eat his eggs raw. He looked around
for a w'hile and found some dry grass, a few
scrawny turfs of which grew on the island.
He took some of the grass between his
hands and ground it into fine chaff. Then
over the chaff he held two stones and struck
them together. A spark fell; the chaff
ignited. This he set to the splinters, and
soon the eggs were roasted.
  When Crawson finished eating, it was
about an hour before sunset, and the day
was exceptionally clear. Looking off to the
east, in the hazy distance he could distin-
guish the dim shape of a great mountain.
This, he knew, was on the Island of Jolo;
no other island so near lifted its peak to
that height. And by his proximity to Jolo
Crawson knew that he was marooned on
one of the many nameless, uncharted islands
that are a part of the Sulu Archipelago.
  To the west of him he could see another
island, which was, apparently, about five
miles away. This island was larger and had
a much greater elevation than the one on
which he was located. Also, it appeared to
have a considerable growth of coco-palms.
These trees interested Crawson a great deal.
If he could only get to the other island, he
would find some way of making these tall,
straight spires into a raft. He knew that
ships never came into that labyrinth of
coral reefs; so his one hope of getting to the
mainland was a raft of some sort.
  At first Crawson had thought to con-
struct a raft out of timber from the old
wreck, but half an hour's consideration of
this project proved it impractical. Any
raft that he could rig out with boards and
cross-beams would be too light and too frail
for a hundred-mile sea voyage. On the
other hand, a raft of heavy logs would not
be so easily capsized.
  As Crawson sat thinking these things
over, twilight effaced the gold of the sunset;
a myriad stars dotted the sky; cold, pale
moonbeams fell like shattered lances on the
dark bosom of the ocean; a mating bird
called sleepily to its loved one, and the
sound blended and harmonized with the
dull boom of the waves on the distant reef.
Then at last the castaway, lulled by the
balmy, salt air, threw aside his problems
and fell asleep.
  Crawson spent the next morning working
the roof off the galley of the old hull. He
had nothing but a chunk of coral and a
length of cross-beam to work with, and it
was a tedious job. But he finally pried the
thing off in good condition. It made a
flimsy raft, one that he would never dare the
sea with, but he thought he could get to
the other island on it. However, he de-
cided not to make the trip for several days
to come. If there were any Moros—his
late pursuers—marooned over there, they
would probably rig up a raft and either
start for Tawi Tawi or come looking for
him in the next day or two.
IT WAS noon when Crawson com-
pleted his task with the galley roof,
and he was again hungry. He
roasted more eggs and w^as much annoyed to
find, upon peeling the shells off, that two of
them were exceedingly strong and that one
had in it a half-hatched bird. He was al-
ready beginning to feel the w-ant of variety
in food, and the sight of a half-hatched bird
in his dinner did not increase his relish for
a straight egg diet. Crawson determined
that it should not happen again. He found
a piece of board, the one he had used to dig
the well, and with it drew’ a large circle in
the sand and moved every egg out of the
circle. He knew then that the eggs he
would find in this circle for the next few
days would be fresh.
  Three days passed. No Moros showed,
and Crawson decided that he wTould risk a
trip to the other island. He buried his box
of jewels deep under the lee of the old hulL
If the Moros were on the other island, he
had no intention of carrying the treasure
104
Adventure
over to them. Then, when the tide came in
and washed away all traces of his digging, he
rolled his clothes into a small bundle, made
them secure on the raft, took a board of con-
venient length and rowed out to a gap in
the reef, worked his raft through and started
on liis perilous voyage.
  He had not gone far before he noticed a
single sharp fin about two inches above the
water. Crawson did not need to look to
know what was beneath the fin; it was a
long, gray cigar-shaped thing—a man-
eater—slinking along with ghoulish stealth
just across from the little raft. Crawson
slapped the water loudly with the llat of his
paddle, and for a few minutes the fin disap-
peared. But soon it was back again,
slinking along even closer than before.
And so the man rowed on, and so the silent,
gray ghoul dogged his course. That the
shark might attack Crawson on his flimsy
raft was not altogether improbable, and, if
it did, the result was certain—the raft
upset, a flash of red jaws, of gleaming teeth
and—the end. But this ever present pos-
sibility did not greatly worry Crawson;
rather, it made the situation interesting—
added zest to existence.
  After about three hours the raft crossed a
slightly submerged reef, and the shark disap-
peared. A little more and Crawson landed.
A few minutes proved that there were no
Moros on the island. It was not a sand
formation like the island he had just left,
but one of those humps of earth that have
been pushed up above water surface by
some subterianean upheaval. Having been
raised from the bed of the ocean, the island
was fertile and its foliage rank. There
were coconuts and bananas and nipa in
abundance. Also, Crawson found a spring
of clear, fresh water bubbling through a
crevice in the side of a rock-walled cliff.
After allowing himself the luxury of half a
dozen bananas and the milk from two half-
grown coconuts, he set about the work of
constructing a raft.
  First he gathered nipa and plaited it into
ihree-ply strands of about forty feet each.
These he tied from tree to tree, stretching
them tight and leaving them to dry.
Bundle alter bundle he plaited, and strand
after strand he stretched among the trees,
till he had more than twelve hundred feet of
nipa rope. This work occupied the best
part of ten days, and, when it was finished,
his next item was logs.
  Crawson had no tool to cut down and
trim trees; so he searched out fallen logs—
not rotten ones, but sound ones blown down
by typhoons Naturally, these logs were of
various lengths, and, tt/get them all of one
length, he rolled and dragged them to-
gether, side by side, the butt ends even.
Then he brought dry grass and branches
and built a fire across the logs where it
would bum them off evenly and at a proper
length. Then, laying them in two tiers,
crosswise, and using the grass rope for
laslung, he soon completed a much-roped
and fairly durable raft.
  Out of some small boughs and vines Craw-
son constructed a sort of bin at the front
end of tlie raft, and this he filled with coco-
nuts, the milk of which would take the
place of water on the voyage. Building
the raft had taken altogether fifteen day's,
and during that time Crawson had eaten
nothing but coconuts and bananas. So
he was glad to set out for the sand island
again, where he could eat eggs.
  Crawson started about ten o’clock in the
morning, but his raft was heavy, broad-
ended and consequently hard to row. He
was all day covering the five or six miles
between the Islands.
  Shortly before sundown he made his raft
fast to the old wreck and immediately began
digging to see whether his treasure was still
safe. He had spent some anxious nights
about that, but now he found it just as he
had left it. So he roasted himself a meal of
eggs and then placed several dozen more
under a large fire and left them to roast
during the night. These were for th*
voyage.
THE next morning Crawson started
on his voyage to the small coast
town of San Ramon. For eight
days Crawson rowed diligently, stopping to
snatch a few hours of sleep only when
nature became too insistent to be denied.
The end of the eighth day found him in a
bad way, indeed. For three days he had
not seen sun, moon or stars. He had com-
pletely lost all idea of direction. Day and
night, hour and minute, he dwelt on the
probability of his location. Where was he?
Was he going toward San Ramon or out to
sea? These questions reiterated them-
selves again and again. They preyed on
his nerves. Panic seized him. His muscles
were stiff and sore from rowing and his
Day-Dreams
105
hands blistered. His mind was on the verge of
dissolution. Then, at last, nature came to
his relief, and Crawson slept.
  There was a whistle, shrill, metallic. It
seemed faintly to pierce dim, invisible walls
wherein Crawson was confined. The whistle
died out, but the walls had been pierced.
There came the clang of bells. Crawson had
heard bells like that before. Where? Oh, yes,
to be sure—in the engine-room on a ship.
That’s where he had heard those bells.
They were signals to the engineer.
  The invisible walls around Crawson were
shattered. He now heard clearly. A voice
of authority was giving commands. But
where was he, Crawson? Where had he
come from? How had he come to be here
so close to a ship and yet not on the ship?
He opened his eyes. A long blade of light
slanted down on him and revealed his raft
of logs, coconuts piled at one end and water
all about. Ah, yes, he knew then. He had
been lost at sea on a raft. He had fallen
asleep, and this was a ship come to rescue
him. At last he would get off of the raft
and feel the comfort and certainty of know-
ing where he was.
  The life-boat was alongside of his raft.
Crawson’s jewel box, as usual, was roped to
his shoulders. He scrambled to his hands
and knees and crawled stiffly to the edge of
the raft. He was weak, exhausted. The
sailors helped him gently into their boat and
then aboard the ship.
  Hours later Crawson awoke in a bunk in
the forecastle. He moved, and there was a
clank of chains. His wrists and his ankles
were in irons. Crawson held up his man-
acled hands and demanded of the sailor
across from him:
  “WTiat the-does this mean?”
  “It means that the skipper’s had a look
into that little teak-wood box,” responded
the sailor, '‘and he’s decided that you’re
Crawson, the fellow who’s been leadin’
Moros and lootin’ down around Zambo-
anga.”
  “What right has this skipper got to be
nosing into my belongings?” snarled Craw-
son.
  “Say, son,” grinned the other. “You’re
aboard of a United States revenue cutter.”
Crawson turned his back to the sailor.
There was nothing more to be said.
 DAY-DREAM S
           BY £. C. LINCOLN
’T ONG about this time of year, when the city’s hot,
     Feller seems to lose his head—cusses quite a lot.
’Tain t as if he’d never lived out where things are big—
Seven years at ridin’ range sometimes gives a dig!
            Down the coulee, leathers squeakin’,
             N-Bar’s ridin’, work all through.
            All of God’s free air above ’em,
             Sunset crimsonin’ before ’em.
            Purple sagebrush hills about ’em—
             Gosh! I’d like to be there, too!
            Cook, he yells, “Come on ’n’ git it,”
             Sees ’em cornin’ up the crick.
             1 wistin dust cloud rollin' homeward,
            Twenty ponies tearin’ homeward,
            All the old gang racin’ homeward—
            Gee, but clerkin’ makes me sick!
uvn? ,JVhat’s tha± fbout a shipment? Fourteen stoves to J. McKirk?
Well, slong, you N-bar fellers; me, I’ve got to go to work
Howling Jims
Pal
By HATSBURG L1EHE
Author of "Big Balsam Joe," "Pcep-Eyc,” etc.
FOR three hours the snow had been
falling steadily. The white blanket
that covered Little Brother Moun-
tain and Big Brother Mountain —
and the broad and thickly wooded valley
that lay between them—was five inches
deep. In the center of the valley Big
Brother Creek flowed merrily, passing the
Morgan-Haley Lumber Company’s logging
outfit and pouring its crystal waters into
Laurel River some four miles below.
  Night had come. Supper was over at the
Morgan-Haley camp, and the majority
of the timberjacks had deserted the big
and rough boarding-house for the commis-
sary’s glowing cast-iron stove. These were
stalwart and sunburned fellows, all moun-
taineers and all dressed alike in laced boots
and broad hats, blue flannel shirts and clay-
colored corduroys.
  Gideon Ashford, a big logger whose beard
was so black that his freshly-shaven face
had a bluish look, had just begun a harangue,
setting forth in his uncouth way the extraor-
dinary beauty of one Miss Nancy Kirk-
land, when an interrupting voice came from
the other side of the red-hot stove.
  “Shet up!” with an icy snap. “When ye
ain’t got nothin‘■to say, say it!”
  “Humph!” grunted the impudent Ash-
ford. He was the bully and smart Aleck
of the camp. “Is that you, 'Lonesome?
Why, I thought ye was asleep. It’s got to
be that ye’re real sassy when ‘Howlin’
Jim’ ain’t around to keep ye quiet. Fust
thing ye know, ye’ll have some trouble,
Lonesome, a-tellin’ grown folks to shet up
thatawayl”
  His words carried a bite. The man called
“Lonesome” sat on a soap box with his lees
crossed and with his forearms resting on his
upper knee. He was a tall and rangey
young man, as hard as hickory and as lithe
as a panther and remarkably taciturn at
times—which, of course, had bred for him
his nickname. For six months he had been
with the Morgan-Haley crew, and still no-
body seemed to know any tiling about him
save Howling Jim Baskin—unless it was old
Nathan Kirkland’s daughter, Nancy.
  Howling Jim—he had a voice that would
have made a fog-horn blush, and he used it
at every decent opportunity—had come to
the camp on Big Brother Creek with Lone-
some Bentley. He was at least thirty-five,
and ten years older than Bentley. But
theirs had been a wonderfully tight friend-
ship for all of that.
  Lonesome did not favor Ashford with a
reply. A few of the onlooking timberjacks
snickered, because they didn’t know what
else to do. Ashford laughed outright at
that which he was pleased to think of as
the other’s discomfiture. Just then there
came to the ears of those in the commissary
a snatch of a foolish old song in the ringing
voice of Howling Jim, who was leaving the
boarding-house for the big stove.
“I’m a-goin’ to live, anyhow, till I die—
Anyhow, anyhow, till I die!”
  “Howlin’s a-comin!,” grinned Ashford.
“I reckon ye’ll behave yerself now, Lone-
some.”
Bentley stuck fast to his motto, “When
ye ain’t got nothin’ to say, say it,” and was
Howling Jim’s Pal
107
silent. As Baskin stepped into the com-
missary' doorway, he shook the snow from
his hat, his broad shoulders and his boots.
  “Hi, men! Good evenin’ to ye! Any-
body seed anything o’ Lonesome?'’ he shot
all in one breath at the crowd by the stove.
  “Here,” the bully answered in tones
colored with ridicule, pointing.
  Baskin closed the door behind him,
walked smilingly over and halted beside
his pal. Something was wrong, he saw at
once. Then he caught sight of the still
leering face of the bully, and he understood.
He stepped toward Ashford, folded his
arms across his chest and looked Ashford
straight in the eye.
  “All right, Gid,” he said narrowly;
“keep it up. You’ll git yores, all right, ef
ye’ll jest keep it up. It won’t be me that
hands it to ye, neither; it’ll be Lonesome
hisself. ■ He shore carries a su’prize package
in each paw, and he'll lay a wallopin’ on ye
that four hosses cain’t pull off!”
  Gideon Ashford laughed to save his face,
so to speak. As yet he had not fought
either Howling Jim or Bentley; they were to
him unknown quantities. He found an
empty box close to Lonesome and sat down.
Another minute and the commissary door
opened again. This time a slender and
nicely-figured girl of not much more than
twenty’ came in. Snow particles glistened
like diamond chips on her pale-blue home-
knit and tasseled headgear and on her cheap
but warm imitation Paisley shawl. Her
cheeks were as rosy as red apples from the
cold air and good health, and her long brown
eyes were full of laughter twinkles.
  Smiling for no reason whatever, she
walked across to the counter. She paid
not the slightest notice to the score of log-
gers, who had fallen as still as death at the
sight of her and who now watched her as if
she were the very last woman in the world.
Those big, rugged men adored Nancy
Kirkland.
  “My dad ain’t got any tob'accy,” she
drawled softly to Billy Allison, the clerk, a
pale youth who hailed from the lowland.
   Allison gave her a tin of smoking tobacco.
She put a little silver coin on the counter
and turned for the door.
  Lonesome Bentley^’s gaze had been fast-
ened sternly and defiantly upon Gideon
Ashford’s dark countenance from the mo-
ment of the girl’s coming. Asliford now
put his hands on his knees and was about
to go to his feet. Bentley tapped him
sharply on the arm.
  “Set still,” said Lonesome.
 “But-”
  “Set still!” Lonesome snapped.
  Ashford stared in amazement at having
his hand thus called. Then his face
clouded.
  “I got as good a right to go home with
her as you have.”
  “No, you ain’t!” Bentley’s low, steely
voice cut him off. “You ain’t fit!”
  The girl was gone. Ashford rose, and
his huge and hairy hands curled up into
fists. Bentley slipped to his feet without
any apparent effort.
  “You ain't fit,” he reiterated. “Any
man what lies and steals and drinks and
gambles ain’t fit to go with any decent
woman anywhere. I’ve shore said it. Ef
you want to fight me about it, go to it.
I’ve took all o’ yore fim-makin’ and mouth-
in’ I’ll ever take. Ef you want to start
somethin’ wi’ me, start it right now; I'm
ready and a-waitin’.”
  Lonesome’s face was pale save for a tiny
pink spot under the sunburn of either
cheek. His eyes fairly sparkled. He held
himself as tense as a coiled steel spring.
The bully turned red and glanced with a
sickly grin toward the men who watched
and waited at Bentley^s elbows. Ashford
knew that he had to fight or else let the
outfit take it for granted that he was afraid.
And that steel spring of a man who stood
before him dared him to so much as lift a
finger!
  For a moment there was charged silence.
It was broken by a silly little guffaw from
the lowland youth who held forth as com-
missary clerk, and with that all the loggers
except the two belligerents themselves
joined in a roar of derisive laughter. Gid
Ashford, the fallen false god, became still
redder. He slumped back to his box, took
paper and tobacco from his pocket and
nervously began to roll for himself a cigaret.
  Now that the thing was over, Howling
Jim Baskin turned and placed a hand
proudly on his pal’s shoulder. To the sur-
prize of everybody, Lonesome Bentley
threw Howling Jim’s hand off angrily.
  “Never mind,” said Lonesome.
  Baskin stared, looked hurt, stepped
slowly to the counter and leaned against
it rather heavily. Bentley gave the crest-
fallen erstwhile bully a look of contempt
io8
Adventure
and went alone toward the boarding-
house.
  Not long afterward the commissary crowd
began to thin out. At closing time only
Ashford and Billy Allison, the clerk, were
there. And Ashford watched young Allison
keenly as he took the day’s gleanings from
the money-drawer and placed them in the
small iron safe.
  The Morgan-Ilaley Company’s commis-
sary banked but once each month, and these
deposits ran anywhere from four to eight
hundred dollars.
HWHEN Lonesome Bentley went
toward the boarding-house, Howling
Jim followed him. Bentley did
not even look around until he had reached
the up-stairs sleeping-quarters of the crew,
in which a big hanging oil lamp burned
dimly. He gave Baskin a glance that was
part scowl, undressed without a word to his
former great crony and crept silently under
his blankets. Baskin followed suit, and
for five minutes the two big man lay so still
there in their narrow beds, within six feet
of each other, that they seemed to be hardly
breathing.
  Then Howling Jim put the soft pedal on
his fog-horn voice and spoke.
  “ Lonesome!”
  No answer.
  “Lonesome,” Baskin pursued, “what is it
that’s come between you and me?”
  “Never mind,” Bentley said sharply.
  And not another word could Howling
Jim get out of him that night.
  Howling Jim found slumber forsaking
him. As for Lonesome, neither did he go
to sleep readily. His thoughts wouldn’t
let him sleep. Those thoughts would have
been highly enlightening to Baskin if only
he could have read them!
  A week before Lonesome Bentley and
old Nathan Kirkland’s daughter, who lived
with her parents in a big hewn-log cabin a
mile down Big Brother Creek, had quar-
reled bitterly—so bitterly, in fact, that
Nancy had snapped off her engagement
to Bentley as if it had been of no more
importance than a pie-crust! Lonesome
didn’t know what they had quarreled about
and Nancy didn’t remember. That is how it
goes when young human beings set other
young human beings up on pedestals as
models of perfection to worship them.
The fault was humanity’s, rather than either
Nancy Kirkland’s or Lonesome Bentley’s
individually, no doubt. And then-
  Four days after the misunderstanding,
on a bright Sunday afternoon, Bentley had
decided that he would try to bridge the
abyss that yawned between him and his
sweetheart by going to her and confessing
that he had been a fool. He had started for
her home, and by the merest chance he had
come upon a scene that distressed him
sorely. Nancy and Howling Jim were
sitting together under a big poplar; Baskin
was holding her hand in his, and she was
smiling at him in her very best way!
Then Lonesome Bentley had stolen back to
the camp with red-hot iron in his soul.
  It seemed doubly hard to bear, following,
as it did, on the heels of news to the effect
that the Morgan-Haley Company looked
upon him—Lonesome Bentley, as the very
best logger in the outfit. Bentley, for all of
his taciturni ty, was an ambitious young man.
THOUGH they had lost some sleep,
Bentley and Baskin sprang from
their beds at the first ringing blow
on the railroad iron triangle-gong which
hung just outside the kitchen door. Neither
had anything to say. Lonesome was the
first to get his clothing on. He snatched
up his hat and hastened down to the dimly-
lighted back porch to bathe his face and his
hands.
  He had no more than finished his washing
when Howling Jim addressed him from the
open doorway behind him:
  “The super wants to see ye. Lonesome.
In his office. Said for me to tell ye. By
grab! That’s good luck, Lonesome!”
  It was a fine bid for talk; however,
Lonesome failed to nibble. Without a
single word Bentley threw the icy-cold
towel to its peg on the wall and went toward
Superintendent Bradshaw’s little office on
the first floor. He wondered just what
the good luck was. A raise in wages,
maybe.
  The high light of the Morgan-Haley
camp was a big and bronzed elderly man,
and he now sat before a small sheet-iron
stove, which w'as glowing hot.
  "Sit down, Bentley,” he said, pointing
toward a cheap straight-back. Lonesome
dropped into the chair, and Bradshaw went
on: “Nobody knows loggin’ better than
you know it, Bentley, and I’ve recom-
mended you for the super’s job here. I’m
Howling Jim's Pal
109
leavin’ in just fifteen more days. What
do you think of it? Can you hold it?”
  “1 can read and write and figger enough
to keep the time-sheets,” Lonesome said
softly, more to him self than to Bradshaw,
perhaps. “Shore, I can hold it. I'm
much obliged to ye, Brad!’’
  Honest appreciation beamed from his
eyes. To be the superintendent of a log-
ging outfit, that was his fondest dream but
one—and that one concerned Nancy Kirk-
land, himself and a preacher! He had
worked hard and for years in the attempt
to fit himself for a superintendent’s place.
  Bradshaw was about to speak again when
the door banged open to admit a miniature
hurricane of cold air and the youthful
figure of Billy Allison, the commissary
clerk. Allison snapped the door shut be-
hind him and turned nervously to the two
men.
  “The commissary’s front door was broken
open last night, Brad,” he announced in a
low and somewhat shaky voice. “Whoever
it was used a peavy spike which was left
lying in the snow by the step. But the
safe is all right, and I didn’t notice that
anything was gone.”
  Bradshaw rose, and so did Bentley.
Then the superintendent beckoned to the
logger, and the three of them went toward
the company’s general store. Dawn was
just spreading its great, rose-colored fan
upward from the crest of Little Brother
Mountain; the new day promised to be
clear and bright.
  AJlison had already lighted the great oil
lamp that hung in the cenLer of the big,
long room, and he and the other two quickly
looked over the stock. So far as they were
able to see, nothing had been stolen. Brad-
shaw walked back to the safe, which stood
under the rear end of the counter; it was
tightly locked.
   “Sure this is all right, Billy?” he asked.
  “I haven't looked inside,” frowned young
Allison.
  He hastened to the safe, knelt before it
and within another minute swung open the
iron door. Then he shot to his feet.
  “It’s all gone—six hundred dollars!” he
exclaimed.
  He had spoken correctly. The six hun-
dred dollars in cash was not there. Bentley
pressed forward and leaned over the counter.
  “Funny how that happened,” was his
drawling, puzzled comment. “It must ha’
been somebody that knowed the combina-
tion!”
   Billy Allison flashed a quick look toward
the hillman, as at an accuser. Another
second and he was staring anxiously into
the superintendent’s bronzed face.
  “Brad, do you think—” he began.
  Bradshaw interrupted.
  “The lad didn’t do it, Lonesome,” he
said a trifle sharply. “And I didn’t do it,
and only us two and Stapleton Haley knows
the combination. There’s been a smooth
job pulled off here, Lonesome. We’d better
send to Jones ville for the sheriff as soon as
possible. But first maybe we’d better see
whether there’s any footprints leadin’ off
from the commissary. Eh?”
   Bentley nodded, and Allison said eagerly:
  “Yes; the snow had stopped falling when
I closed last night, and the robber couldn’t
have gone anywhere except to the boarding-
house without his footprints giving him
away.”
  It was now light enough for them to see
even the track of a rabbit in the snow out-
side. They walked a wide circle in the
clearing, encompassing both the commissary
and the boarding-house without coming
upon a single footprint that couldn’t be
easily accounted for. Which was con-
clusive proof that both the thief and the
money were still in camp.
  When they had come to the commissary’s
front doorway again, Bradshaw turned to
Bentley with this:
  “One of the loggin’-engines ought to
have some fire in it from yesterday, Lone-
some. Sneak over to the tracks and take
one dawn to Jones ville and bring the
sheriff. It’s down-grade nearly all the
way, and you can raise steam as you go.
Hurry!”
   Bentley ran to the tracks, leaped aboard
one of the geared locomotives and loosed
the brakes. The wheels began to turn.
  The passing of an hour found him in the
foot-hills with a fair head of steam coming
on. Two hours after sunrise he was speak-
ing hastily with Garrett Henry, the lanky
and serious, blue-clad and broad-hatted
Jonesville sheriff.
IT WAS not far from noontime
when the thundering staccato of
the small, geared engine’s laboring
exhaust reached the ears of those who waited
at the Morgan-Hale}' camp on Big Brother
no
Adventure
Creek. The crew had not gone to work in
the woods that day. When at last the
little locomotive came to a halt in the camp
clearing, Garrett Henry and Bentley leaped
to the snowy ground and went to meet
Superintendent Bradshaw.
  “Find out anything more?” growled the
officer.
  Bradshaw shook his head.
  “But the thief is still here, and the money,
too. You’ve got a chance to show us how
smart you are, all right I”
  Henry merely grunted. The trio walked
on and entered the commissary, which was
half filled with expectant timberjacks. An
accommodating logger passed to the sheriff
the peavy that had been used in breaking
open the door. Henry looked it over,
saw that it was only an ordinary implement
of its kind and put it down. Then he and
the superintendent and Bentley went back
to the safe, where the officer asked questions
soberly, nodded a great deal and made a
superficial examination. Howling Jim Bas-
kin had followed them; he idly dropped a
friendly hand to Lonesome Bentley’s arm,
and Bentley threw it off as if it were a tiling
of unspeakable contamination!
  “Somebody who knowed the combina-
tion,” decided Henry.
  “It was not,” firmly replied Bradshaw.
  He himself had vouched for the honesty
of Billy Allison.
  The sheriff began to strike matches that
he might better see into dark corners about
the safe. Suddenly he bent lower and
picked up a small, square object that was
mostly white. As he straightened to bring
it into better light—Henry’s eyes had never
been so good as his courage—a muscular
arm in corduroy shot over his shoulder and
seized it, and, before the passing of another
second, the man to whom that arm belonged
was running like a race-horse for the door-
way!
  it was Howling Jim, who had, by chance,
been standing directly behind the officer.
Henry snatched his revolver from its
holster and called upon Baskin to halt.
Half a dozen loggers stepped out of the
path of a possible bullet. But Howling
Jim didn’t stop; he drove through the door-
way, turned sharply to his left and out of
the sheriff’s range of vision and made for
the near-by woods.
  Henry followed rapidly to the door-sill,
and Lonesome Bentley was within a yard of
him when he reached it. Then Garrett
Henry leveled his revolver at the fleeing
figure. Baskin was running unwisely in a
straight line, his brown-clad body making a
plain and almost stationary target against
the dead white of the snow. But before
Henry could fire, Bentley caught his right
shoulder and pulled him backward.
  “Not that!” growled Lonesome, ashen-
faced and defiant. “You don’t kill Jim
Baskin as easy as that!”
  When Henry recovered himself, Baskin
was in the laurels and his escape assured.
The officer now turned his attention to
Bentley, and there was a queer smile about
liis lips. *
  “Pals, eh?”
  “Mighty good pals—” began Lonesome,
remembering Nancy' Kirkland and breaking
off short.
  For the fractional part of a minute he
looked away at nothing, and, when he
again turned his eyes toward the JonesviJle
sheriff, he found himself staring straight
into the muzzle of a Colt .45.
  “It’s my duty to arrest you,” quietly said
Garrett Henry, “as a pardner in this
robbery'.”
  Lonesome Bentley' lived a long time in the
moment that followed tin’s announcement.
In his mind?s eye he saw himself and Nancy
—when he had asked her—when she had
agreed to marry’ him. He saw himself and
Nancy when they had quarreled over—he
didn’t remember what. And he saw Howl-
ing Jim, his pal, holding the girl’s hand
while she smiled her best smile into his
rugged face. All of it—his bright hopes of
a superin tendency, the robbery, the accusa-
tion and all the rest of it—somehow tangled
him, muddled him. dazed him. It seemed
unreal, like a bad dream. . . .
  The sheriff was speaking again—
  “I’ll have to search you, Bentley.”
Lonesome gave no sign that he had heard.
As Henry began to go through the pockets
of his prisoner, Nancy Kirkland walked
smilingly into the commissary and turned
toward Billy Allison, who now stood in his
place behind the counter.
  “I want some sug-”
  That was as far as she ever got with it,
for at that instant she caught sight of the
sheriff and Lonesome Bentley. She .went
immediately toward them.
  “What—what’s that for?” she demanded
in a small, thin voice.
Howling Jim’s Pal
111
  Nobody answered. The officer went on
with his slow and exceedingly careful search
of Bentley’s clothing. Lonesome looked
toward her, smiled a tiny smile that seemed
desperate rather than merry and turned his
gaze aside. Gideon Ashford, wrho had been
watching the entire proceedings with tri-
umph written largely over his dark coun-
tenance, touched Nancy Kirkland’s arm
and whispered—
   “I’ll tell ye ef nobody else won’t.”
  With several backward glances toward
BentJey the girl went with Ashford to the
snow-covered ground outside. There Ash-
ford blew sparks from his home-made
cigaret and bent forward with this:
  “Lonesome was cuniinger’n I thought he
was,” in low tones. “He was cunning
enough to open the commissary safe and
take out the six hundred dollars the’ was in
it and leave it locked up jest like it was
afore! It’s shore a joke on him—he went
and brung the sheriff out and ’en got ar-
rested hisself!”
  “He never done the robbin’!” flared
Nancy, her brown eyes wide and sparkling
with resentment. “He wouldn’t never do
it!”
  Ashford shrugged his ox-like shoulders.
“Forchunitly or onforchunitly, ye don’t
haf to take my word for it. Look here!”
Through the open door he had seen
Garrett Henry unhook a safety-pin from
the upper edge of one of Bentley’s inside
coat pockets and take out a sizeable roll of
bank-notes! Ashford stepped hastily back
across the door-sill, and Nancy Kirkland
followed with a lump in her throat. With
one eye still on his prisoner Henry counted
the money through, after which he said to
Bentley:
“Six hundred, I believe you told me.
Here’s two hundred and ten. You didn’t
quite get your share, did you, Lonesome?”
Bentley was still ashen-faced, still defiant.
He straightened even a little more.
 “You mean that me and Howlin’
Jim-”
  “I mean that you and Howlin’ Jim wrent
pardners in the deal,” hazarded the sheriff.
“Better confess, Lonesome. It’ll go easier
with you, you know. Now just how did
you and Howlin’ manage to get the money
without workin’ the combination?”
  “Charmed it-out,” drawled Bentley in the
keenest sarcasm. He brought his’ hands
up to the lapels of his corduroy coat and
with a forefinger rubbed his chin as if re-
flectively. “One of us stood on each side o’
the safe. How'lin’ would say, ‘Keeno,
Presto,’ and I’d say, ‘Pr«sto, Keeno.’ And
purty soon the money jest tumbled right
out.”
  Lonesome interrupted himself with a
master play. He brought his two hands
downward and in one lightning-like move-
ment drove Garrett Henry’s revolver fifteen
feet out of his grip and seized the roll of two
hundred and ten dollars in bank-notes.
That money represented Bentley’s savings
for a year. Henry sprang to recover his
weapon, and Lonesome sprang for the out-
side. As the sheriff ran toward the door
with his revolver in his hand, a peavy came
hurtling before his legs, tripping him,
causing him to fall heavily. When he rose,
Bentley was in the laurels.
  Seeing that Lonesome, too, had escaped
him, the fuming sheriff turned back and
stopped squarely before Nancy Kirkland.
  “You, too!” he exclaimed. “You throwed
the peavy, eh?”
  “I shore did,” Nancy admitted. “It
ain’t any secret. What're ye a-goin’ to do
about it?”
  Henry’s countenance was threatening—
and, considering that morning’s run of
luck for him, one may hardly blame him.
  “I’ll arrest you as a—a accomplice; that’s
what I’m a-goin’ to do about it!” he said.
  It was then that the camp rose and spoke
as a single man.
   “I’ll be danged ef ye do!”
  Hemy faced the loggers—loggers who
adored Nathan Kirkland’s daughter.
  “What’s that?” he demanded.
  “I’ll be danged ef ye do!” the camp spoke
yet again, and it came a little more deter-
minedly than before.
FOR the first hundred yards after he
had gained the snowy underbrush,
_Bentley’s thoughts wrere occupied
wholly with making good his escape. No
man of his people had ever been to jail, and
he wasn't going so long as he could avoid it.
Then, seeing that he was in no immediate
danger of capture—the average down-South
sheriff knows the hopelessness of chasing a
mountaineer in the laurels—Bentley began
to wonder what the small white object was
that Garrett Henry had found Hong under
the safe. Soon he decided that he would
strike Baskin’s trail in the snow, overtake
112
Adventure
him and find out. Also, he would bring the-
lit tie matter of Howling Jim’s love-making
to Nancy to a show-down.
  fifteen minutes more and he had come
upon the footprints for which he had been
searching. They led him up a bank of the
creek for a mile and then turned to the left
and were lost tin bare ground under a great
patch of hemlocks that stood so thickly
that their interlaced branches had caught
nearly all the snow that had fallen on them.
Howling Jim had brought into effect a
woodsman’s trick here in order to halt pos-
sible pursuit, and Lonesome suspected it at
once. Lonesome began to look for the
answer, and soon his gaze rested upon a
spot at which the bare ground ran within
half a dozen yards of Big Brother Creek.
  Bentley nodded understanding. Just as
Baskin had done, he backed off, ran hard
and leaped over the few yards of snowy
ground, landing somewhere near the middle
of die shallow stream.
  He walked a mile up the stony little creek
before he found Howling Jim’s footprints
leading out of it. The trail now took him
high on the side of Little Brother Mountain
and then across an outstanding spur and
into a deep cove, and he was not more than
half-way down the side of this cove when
darkness closed in upon liiin. It was im-
possible, of course, for him to follow the
string of footprints farther before daylight
came again. Lonesome Bentley halted.
He was chagrined but by no means beaten.
He was cold now. His wet feet seemed
frozen, and he stamped them on the ground
to help the circulation in them.
  It was still, very still, and Lonesome
stood and listened. A few minutes later
he heard faintly, coming from somewhere
in the bottom of the dark cove below him,
a snatch of the foolish old song that Howling
Jim was so fond of singing in a sort of
abandon—
"I'm a-goin’ to live, anyhow, till I die!”
  Bentley stole softly onward, downward,
heading for a tiny point of llame that had
suddenly come to life in the woods
below.
  Howling Jim Baskin sat before a brush-
wood fire that he had just made at the
base of an overhanging cliff. The fire made
dancing and grotesque shadows there in the
wild forest. Baskin held his wet feet in his
wet boots near the flames. The muffled
sound of a twig being broken in the snow
caused him to look around quickly.
  Lonesome Bentley, seeming doubly stal-
wart and doubly serious in the flickering
firelight, walked slowly up and stood
looking straight into the upturned and
smiling lace of his pal. He had suffered
an almost overpowering wave of sudden,
insensate anger. It was his intention to de-
nounce Howling Jim as a black traitor to all
iriendship. But in a second’s time there
flashed on the palimpsest of his brain scenes
from the good old days that he and Baskin
had spent together, scenes that pictured
little kindnesses, confidences, almost tender-
nesses.
  So, when Lonesome finally spoke, he said
only this—
  “My feet's about froze, Howlin'.”
“Shore,” grinned Baskin. “Mine was
too, by grab! Set down and w'arm 'em.
Have any trouble a-trackin’ me, Lone-
some ?” His voice was full of gladness.
  “Not much,” Bentley answered. He
went on, “Do ye reckon Garrett Henry
can foller us. Howlin’?”
  “Him? Humph! No, by grab! He
ain’t smart enough for that, nor enough
used to the woods. But—but they didn’t
have nothin’ agin you, Lonesome!”
  Bentley shrugged his shoulders.
  “No, nothin’—only-they arrested me as a
pardner in the rob'ry; that’s all. And they
s’arched me and took my money; that’s all.
But I got it back. Jail? Not for me,
Howlin', ef anybody happens to name it
to ye!”
   He dragged up a flat stone, turned the dry
side up, sat down on it and put his feet over
the fire. He was at the point of asking
Howling Jim w’hat it was that he had
snatched from Sheriff Henry's hand, when
Baskin said slowly:
  “Leather burns quick when it’s wTet,
Lonesome; don’t stick ’em too dost. By
the way, Lonesome, I got somethin’ here
what belongs to you.”
  From an inside coat pocket he drew an
opened and unstamped and somewhat
crumpled letter that had Bentley’s name in
a thin, feminine scrawl on the envelope,
and this he passed into the hands of his
pal.
   “I never read it, o’ course,” he said.
Bentley took the missive and pocketed it
almost without looking at it. He had been
careful of the few letters Nancy had wTitten
Howling Jim’s Pal
113
him, and it amazed him to think that he
had lost one.
  “Much obliged, Howlin’,” he muttered.
“Where’d ye find it?”
  “It was that,” said Baskin, “that the
sheriff picked up from under the commissary
safe, which I took from him and run with.
I seed the ad-dress afore he did, and I—I
knowed you never had no business back
there—and I thought—I thought you-”
  “I see,” cut in Lonesome. “You thought
it’d put me in bad about the safe-robbin’,
and you done it to clear me. Well, it was a
fool thing to do, for I never lost the letter
there, I’m shore! But—btit you-”
  He broke off, flushed slightly and began
to stir the fire with a boot-heel. Baskin
took up the thread that he had dropped:
“Brad had told me jest afore he sent me
to ye this mornin’, Lonesome, that you was
might’ nigh shore to be the camp’s high-
boy purty soon, and I was a-thinkin’ about
that when I took the letter and cut the
mustard for the timber. It’d ha’ sp’iled
the job for ye. Lonesome, at least. I
knowed, y’see, how much ye wanted to be
a super. And, as for me,” smiling, his eyes
twinkling, “I—well, it don’t matter about
me. ’Cause I’m a-goin’ to live, anyhow,
till I die! Now ain’t 1?”
  He looked back to the fire. Lonesome
turned his gaze hard upon the rugged profile
of his pal. So this was the fellow whom he
had been about to denounce as a black
traitor to their friendship. Lonesome Bent-
ley wished vaguely that he were another
man in order that he might kick himself
clean across Little Brother Mountain.
  “You been mad at me, Lonesome,”
suddenly said Howling Jim, without taking
his eyes from the glowing coals. “It was
partly that, too, what made me take the
letter and run with it. I wisht I knowed
what you been mad at me about, Lone-
some.”
  Bentley told him straightforwardly:
  “I seed you a-holdin’ Nancy’s hand.
There on the creek, at the big poplar. It
flew all over me like powder a-burnin’;
I’ve died a thousand times sence that one
minute, Howlin’. I reckon I ain’t got any
sense. I reckon ye must ha’ had some good
reason for a-doin’ that, but I shore couldn’t
see it thataway till now.”
  Howling Jim sat up straight, smiling.
  “I did have a good reason, Lonesome,”
he said. “That is, I think I did, by grab!
8
I’ll leave it to you. Y^’see, I could easy tell
that somethin’ had come between you and
her, and I was a-beggin” her to take ye back
—and a-tellin her what a fine, good young
man ye was and how much ye liked her
and how happy she’d alius be with you!”
“Was—that—it?” gasped Bentley.
  “God knows it was,” said Baskin.
  He went into his corduroy coat and came
back with something wrapped neatly in a
blue bandanna. Ever so carefully he took
the bandamia from it with his big and bun-
gling but wonderfully gentle hands and
passed it over to his pal. Lonesome took it
and held it up to the dancing firelight. It
was an old-fashioned tintype picture of a
bareheaded and barefooted mountain lass,
a smiling and pretty little mountain lass in
calico.
  “My sweetheart,” Howling Jim said.
“This is the only real secret I’ve ever kept
from you, Lonesome. I never talk about it.”
“Where is she now?”
  “Under the snow.”
  After a minute of silence Baskin went on:
“I ain’t never seed nobody else what
could tak,e her place, and I know I never
will. That’s why I go along a-singin’ and
a-whoopin’ through life, jest to forgit,
a-doin’ the best I can with the little that the
Almighty put into my wo’thless cyarcass,
for I’m mostly jest plain meat, I reckon.
It wasn’t much o’ my business, I know,
Lonesome, for me to go to Nancy and ax her
to take ye back. But—well, I thought
mebbe-”
  “It’s all right,” said Lonesome. “I
thank ye for that, Howlin’. A man never
had a better pal ’an you, Howlin’. I shore
beg yer pardon for a bein’ so low-down mean
to ye! Here’s the little picture.”
  He gave Baskin the tintype and rose.
He would go straight back to Garrett
Henry and tell him everything, though it
surely meant jail for him. Baskin put the
picture into his pocket, and he, too, went to
liis feet. Just then there came a most sur-
prizing addition to the little drama there
in the snowy wilderness.
THOSE two were not the only men
in that wild country who knew
woodcraft. An eavesdropper who
had stationed himself on the cliff just
above had lost his perilous footing, and he
now came hurtling down with a resounding
thump between Lonesome Bentley and
ii4
Adventure
Howling Jim Baskin. The newcomer car-
ried a revolver in a holster, and he wore a
deputy's shield on his coat. It was Gideon
Ashford.
  Lonesome drew back a little as the Big
Brother ('reek camp's erstwhile bully
turned a drawn and ashen face upward.
  “You was shore in a devil of a hurry to
get here, Gid!" he exclaimed mockingly.
“Why couldn't ye jest ha' walked in like a
decent white man?”
  Baskin forgot himseLf and raised his fog-
horn voice:
  “Drapped right down out o’ the blue sky,
by grab! Do ye bring us any glad message
from the moon, Gid?”
  Ashford struggled there on the ground
between them, trying in vain to rise.
 “My laig—” he mumbled. “Oh—my
laig-”
  “By grab!” suddenly cried Howling Jim.
“Ef his laig ain’t broke plumb in two, might’
nigh! Look there, Lonesome—it’s all
doubled up, and a bone is a-stickin’ through
below his knee!”
  Bentley stooped over and saw, and he
shuddered in spite of himself.
  “It’s a-bleedin\” Ashford said nerve-
lessly ; “it’s a-bleedin’—Lonesome. You and
Howlin’ git me to a doctor ef ye can.”
  “WTe can, all right,” Bentley replied
narrowly. “We could simply take ye to
the camp, and Super Brad'd shoot ye'down
to Jonesville on a loggin’-inglne. But you
know what’s a-waitin’ for us at the camp!”
“What—Garrett Henry?”
  “Yeuh, Garrett Henry,” Baskin nodded.
“And maybe a jail sentence or two. Ye
cain’t ax us to face it, Gid, a-hatin’ jail like
we does. But we’re sorry for ye, ’count o’
seein’ ve so bad hurt. Though it might ha’
sarved ye jest about right for a-snoopin’ up
there on the clitt, a-listenin’ to us open our
hearts to the bottom. Still, we’re sorry for
ye, Gid.”
  “I’m much obliged, shore,” tremulously
growled Ashford. “But you a-bein’ sorry
for me don’t do me a dang bit o’ good!"
  “Ef I might ax,” drawled Lonesome,
pointing to the deputy’s shield that Ashford
wore, “how comes it that ye’re a sportin’
that little bright thing on ye coat ? ’Cause
it's purty?”
  At this thrust Gideon Ashford stared
silently. His broken limb was beginning
to give him exerutiating pain now. Baskin
winked slyly at his sober-faced pal.
  “And he’s a-carryin’ that .45, I reckon,
Lonesome, to keep anybody from a-takin’
the badge offen him! Say, Gid, that shore
looks to me like Sheriff Henry’s gun. How
much did he offer ye to bring us in? Tell
the truth, or I wisht I may drap dead in my
tracks ef I turn a hand to he'p ye. And
goodness knows ye’re in a bad fix' out here
miles from nowhere and not able to walk
a step and ready to bleed to death.”
Ashford didn’t answer. He glanced to-
ward the widening red circle in the snow
under his leg, and fear gripped his heart-
strings. Lonesome Bentley looked mean-
ingly at Howling Jim.
  "We’d better light a rag awfay from here,
Howlin’,” said he. “The sheriff might
come enny minute. Come on; le's go.
Good night to ye, Gid!”
  The two turned from the fire, leaving
.Ashford staring after them with eyes that
w'ere afraid and full of pain, and started up
the cove in the silent darkness. When they
had gone well out of the circle of firelight,
Baskin nudged his companion and whis-
pered :
  “Do ye really mean to leave him that-
away, Lonesome? Wasn’t we a little
rough to him?”
  “We won’t go far,” Bentley whispered
back. “Maybe we was a little rough to
him, but it was in self-defense. Don’t
y’see, Howlin’? Ef Gid knows anything
aboul the rob’rv, mebbe he’ll tell it as the
price of us a-carrvin’ him to the camp.
He knows he’ll die here, and jail is alius
betler’n death to a skunk. I got a notion
Gid is the robber hisself. Howlin’, ’cause
he’s die only man in the outfit what's
low-down enough to pull off a job like
that.”
  “I’ve wondered ef it could possibly ha’
been Billy Allison. He’s sort o’ light-
headed. Lonesome, a-bein ■’ not much more’n
a boy. IIow could Gid ha’ got the safe
open?”
  “Ax somebody else. I don’t know.
But-”
  A jerking, agonized yell from Gideon
Ashford cut Bentley’s speech short:
  “Lonesome, come back! I’ll make it safe
for ye at the camp!”
  The two pals turned and walked slowly
to the now low-burned fire. Ashford
slopped his groaning long enough to suggest
that they carry him to the edge of the
camp clearing and leave him there. They
Howling Jim’s Pal
115
wouldn’t listen, and Ashford began to
groan again. Finally he broke down com-
pletely.
  “Take me to Garrett Henry,” he begged,
“and I’ll dear ye both. It was me that
robbed the safe. It was me that drapped
the letter there at the safe, but I didn’t do
it a-purpose. I never knowed I’d lost it
till Henry found it. I hid the six hundred
dollars in the up-stairs o’ the boardin’-
house. Nancy, she handed me that letter
to give to you, Lonesome, and I—I-”
  “Opened it and read it,” clipped Bentley,
“like .skunks alius does. Go on wi’ the
cat-killin’. How did ye git in the safe,
Gid?”
  “I watched Billy Allison when he put
the money in it the night afore,” confessed
the pain-wracked Ashford, “and he—I seed
that the fool boy’d forgot to lock it! Hurry,
Lonesome, for I’m a-hurtin’ awful, and I'd
ruther go to jail ’an to die out here in the
cold.”
  “Well, by grab!” almost shouted Howling
Jim Baskin as he knelt to fashion a blue
bandanna tourniquet for Ashford’s tom and
bleeding limb.
  While Baskin worked with the injured
man, Lonesome took Nancy’s letter from
his pocket, the letter that he had thought an
old one, and read it by the firelight. In it
Nancy declared that she had hardly slept
since she had broken her engagement with
him and asked him to forgive her, if he
could, for having been such a fool. Bent-
ley’s heart leaped almost to liis throat, and
his smile was broad as he remembered that
he had once started to her to beg her for-
giveness for that same white little sin.
FIFTEEN days later, more or less,
there came a bright and sunny
Sunday afternoon when the snow
was all gone. Bentley and Nancy walked
up the woods path that led from old Nathan
Kirkland’s hewn-log cabin, entered the
grassy clearing that held the logging-camp
on Big Brother Creek and went to the
boarding-house porch. There they turned
to face smilingly some thirty stalwart
timberjacks who had just broken off their
usual Sunday afternoon horse-play to watch
them.
  “Boys,” began the strong young man on
the porch, removing his broad-brimmed hat
with a rather grandiose sweep of his right
hand, “I beg permission to interduce Missis
Superintendent Lonesome Bentley. Wish
us well, boys!”
  At first there was a mere murmur of
sound among the loggers; then a ripple—
then a wild and hearty yell rose from their
throats and shattered itself against the two
mountainsides. Bentley began to look the
loggers over a trifle anxiously. WTiere was
Howling Jim? He had invited Baskin to
be present at his wedding, but Baskin
hadn’t promised. A hundred times before
he had located his pal by merely listening
for him; so now he raised a hand for silence,
and silence came.
  From somewhere high on the laurel-
covered breast of the everlasting Big
Brother there came to the ears of those in
the valley a half-sad voice lifted up in a sort
of abandon:
“Ye may break-a my bones with-a sticks ana
    stones—
   I’m a-goin’ to live, anyhow, till I die!”
        Author oj “Heathens," “The Devil's Own," etc.
The first part of the story briefly retold in story form.
" U URRICANE” WILLIAMS, clad in a pair
of trousers cut off at the knee, his skin burned
black as that of a savage by the sun of the Southern
Pacific, looked out from under heavy brows at the
slender young man before him.
  “Gilbert Lang,” he said, “I am an outlaw—a#
nigger-lover. The most hated and despised white
man in the South Sea Islands. Why do you want
to come with me?”
  Silently Lang held out a hand which bore a heavy
ring on which were carved Greek Letters. Williams
seized the hand and gazed at the ring keenly. Then
he asked a question.
 “Man or woman?”
  “Both—probably. I know they came to some
one of these islands, and I was told that you went
about on these islands more than any man. So I
came to you.”
 Williams motioned to two handsome young
savages, who came running.
  “They will get your traps ashore and bring
them here,” he said to Lang.
  So Gilbert Lang came to be the only while
follower of Hurricane Williams. Of black followers
Williams had many. A swarm of Tongans and
Samoans, men and women, boys and girls, followed
Williams as he went about the Soulh Seas, trading,
fishing, wandering, lie was known as a terror.
He was far more intelligent than I he traders who
hated him. And he had nothing to do with white
men until Gilbert Lang came to him.
  “Vengeance is mine," was written in Greek on
the ring that l>ang wore, and the three words told
what had brought him to the South Sea*. It was to
revenge himself on the man and woman—brother
and sister, supposedly—who had killed his brother.
George and Alice Brown were their names, and
Alice Brown had been his brother’s wife. Lang
had never seen either. He had sought them across
the earth to the South Seas and joined fortunes
with Williams that he might seek them the
belter.
  Slowly he became accustomed to the strange Lite.
The savages he found childlike in their happiness
and love of play. The old men and women petted
him; the young men became his comrades; the
young girls coquetted with him; the children played
with him.
  Then Williams took the whole party on board
his ship, the Mary, and sailed to an island where
he knew of oyster-beds. Williams half expected
a light at the oyster beds. Not with the natives,
for lie quickly made friends with Ghorki, chief of
the Gopassa people, and with Baraka, the devil-
devil man. But with Willerby, king of the South
Seas, who also knew of the wealth of the place.
  As Lang sat alone one day. Uala. most beautiful
of the native girls, crept up to him.
  "f love you," she said softly.
  Lang was lonesome and homesick. Uala was
beautiful. He kissed her.
  “Langl” He heard an angry voice behind him,
and he turned to see Williams glare at him a moment
and then stride away.
GILBERT Lang was suffused with
a feeling of guilt and shame. He,
on a quest of vengeance, had
stooped to dalliance, and with a
savage! Memory of it would have been
distressing enough without having to re-
member that Williams had come upon them.
Williams was an enigma. Much about
him was distasteful, yet his tense, dominant,
personality in a certain way compelled
admiration, and though Gilbert Lang tried
to tell himself that he cared not one way or
the other for Williams’ approval, yet he
knew that it was not so. He did care.
He wished that he might not have to face
Williams again.
116
SAVAGES
A Tour-Vart Story
Part f]
BY GORDON TOl/NG
Savages
117
  What tidal folly could have so swept him
from his senses? True, Uala was beautiful
and sweet. But at best she was a native.
Perhaps those pretty teeth of hers had
picked dead men’s bones! He shivered.
He had kissed her again and again.
  Tears of rage and shame came to his eyes
and stood there glistening. The very
thought of her evoked something of the
fascination of her presence, and he tried
to loath himself for his weakness in not
being thoroughly disgusted.
  Gilbert Lang was one of those complex
organisms that can only be bred far from
fields and forests. The noblesse oblige of
culture was ingrained in him—or, rather, had
veneered him. All men are emotionally
alike deep down in their hearts; only in some
the emotions are rarely, if ever, stirred.
He was a clean-hearted, pure-eyed boy; but
he was very young, and he had come from a
hot-house world into jungles. He was be-
wildered that there was within him unsus-
pected emotions—weaknesses, to his way
of thinking—that leaped up like monsters
conjured by a wizard.
  He had killed men; he had pressed his
lips to the mouth of a savage woman! No.
Gilbert Lang did not know, could not
know, that the roots of him were down the
mold; that he was a human being and
nothing more; that the only difference be-
tween him and a bushman was the
superficial difference of color and culture.
He was no more aware of that than he was
aware that he, aVid all men, carry within
them traces of the gills that served then-
amphibian ancestors.	*
  So he lay homesick, heart-sick and
shamed; lay on his face, and his face was
buried in the crook of his arm.
  It was late in the afternoon when he
looked up, and he rubbed his eyes from
surprize.
  Three ships had entered the bay. He
knew nothing of ships, but one was larger
than Lhe other two.
   The first flash into his brain was that he
could get passage out on one of them.
  He got up and hurried down to the beach,
and even he thought it strange that there
were so few natives in sight. When the
Mary had come in, the water was alive with
outriggers, and the beach crowded. Now
not only the beach but the village seemed
deserted. Here and there a little group of
natives stood watching, but that was all.
  A boat was being rowed in from one of
the ships.
  Gilbert Lang went out on the jetty’ built
of coral rocks that ran some distance out
to deep water, and there he waited.
  As the boat made for the jetty, he could
see that it contained three white men be-
sides the black boys at the oars.
  “What the-’s the matter?” a roaring
voice called at him some fifty yards from
the landing as the boat came on.
  “Nothing,” he shouted back.
  Gilbert Lang soon thought—and never
afterward changed his opinion—that the
burly, short-legged man with the great
roaring voice was the most profane individ-
ual on earth.
  Jeb Jackson never spoke without swear-
ing. If one undertook to set down his
remarks literally, the account would re-
semble nothing that ever got into print;
and to indicate the censored oaths would be
to scar the pages with unending dots and
dashes.
  His next remark, set down as near as one
dares, was:
 “Then why the - - ain’t these
---niggers down at the -
beach? And who the--are you?”
  The boat, skilfully guided by the white
man, who steered with an oar, slipped
alongside, missing the rocks by the width
of a lady’s hand, and Jeb Jackson leaped
to the jetty before the other men in
the boat had even steadied themselves
upright.
  “My name is Gilbert La—”
  “Gilbert, eh?” said Jackson, looking
him over critically. “Well, Gilbert, I’m
giad to meet you.”
  And he thrust out a hand like a lumpy,
knotted ham.
  “What you doin’ here? Trader? Look
more like a stray globe-trotter. WTiat’re
the niggers doin’, fattenin’ you up? And
what’s the matter with these spit images
of Satan? Want trouble, do they? They’ll
get it. Yes, son, they’ll get it. Why
ain’t they down here beggin’ tobacco
and try in’ to trade smoked copra for new
rifles? WTiat’s wrong?
 “Hey, you fellow, come quick. Me
fellow gammon you. Hurry up for the
love of Judas Priest. Why you fellows no
here? Want temback? Come here—’’and
Jeb Jackson let go of a spurt of profanity
that almost gave the air a sulfur odor as he
Ii8
Adventure
shouted at the lone figure of a withered old
native who came slowly, hesitatingly along
the jetty.
  Jackson liked to talk, or at least he
seemed to like it. He always did most of
it, aud there was scant chance of any one
interrupting him, for his was the booming
voice of an old-time mate, who, in addition
to a leather throat, had a barrel-like chest.
WHILE he was talking, the two
other white men, both heavily
armed, climbed on the jetty and
stood curiously looking at Gilbert Lang.
One of these men was obviously a sailor, a
boatswain perhaps. The other was a man
who seemed almost as much out of place at
Gopassa as Gilbert.
  He was rather thin and dark-hued, but
with die darkness and body of the Latin.
His eyes were black and cunning, and the
mouth wore an unconscious, wicked sneer.
He was neatly dressed in white duck and
wore a yachting cap. He carried a rifle
and wore two revolvers. The other man
was as heavily equipped. Jeb Jackson did
not have anything in the way of a weapon.
  “Come here' you seventh son of the
mother of Satan,’’Jackson shoutedat the lone
native; then, changing to the pidgin English
used and understood throughout almost the
whole of the South Seas, he demanded again
that “you fellow'’ come closer.
  Baraka cautiously edged nearer.
  “DuBeque, this is Gilbert. Ain’t a
missionary', are you?” Jackson said, un-
dertaking to introduce the man in white
duck and at the same time make sure that
the boy was not one of those most dreaded
and hated persons in the islands. That is,
dreaded and hated by the men who sailed
with and for Willerby. The large ship
moored out in the bay was the Bcbe.
  “Pleased to meet you,*’ said DuBeque
quickly, politely, perhaps influenced by
Gilbert Lang’s embarrassed but emphatic
denial that he was a missionary.
  And in his momentary' confusion he
neglected to explain that his name was not
Gilbert but Gilbert Lang.
  DuBeque talked with a soft and fluid
ease; words came from his tongue smooth as
dripping oil, and his voice was low-pitched,
almost melodious, but just a little too
unctuous.
  While Jackson was trying to hold conver-
sation with the wily Baraka, DuBeque
pitched his voice low and in about thirty
confidential seconds explained that he and
his cousin were the guests of Winston
Willerby, who had quite a party on board -
a charmmg and lively party—and they had
not expected to find any white men at
Gopassa. They were very much puzzled
at the attitude of the* natives, for it was
unnatural and usually indicated hostile
intention for the natives to stay off the
water and beach when a ship came in.
  DuBeque obviously said what he did in
the expectation that Gilbert would in turn
sjjeak of himself.
  And Gilbert did. He had at first no
liking for DuBeque’s face, but DuBeque
seemed a gentleman. It was a pleasure to
hear English spoken fluently and quietly
again. And Gilbert was interested and
hopeful to learn that there was a party of
white people on the Bebe. He said that he
had'been traveling about with Hurricane
Williams, who came to Gopassa some weeks
before after pearls, and he could not imagine
what was the matter with the natives, for
they were certainly not hostile but friendly,
very friendly.
  DuBeque scarcely heard the last of
Gilbert Lang’s septence. He hastily glided
forward and prodded Jacksdn into an al-
titude of attention, saying excitedly:
“Hurricane Williams is here. Pearling,
and Gilbert came with him. Williams
has stirred up the niggers, as usual.”
Jackson gave a questioning grunt and
stared at Gilbert Lang doubtfully.
  “You come with Williams?”
  Jackson seemed skeptical. Gilbert did
not look at all like the sort of a man Wil-
liams w'ould take up with.
  “Yes.”
  “So that tiger-shark is here? Pearling?
Funny fellow, that Williams, ain’t he?”
Jackson asked in a tone that passed for
low with him, but his voice rumbled like
distant thunder.
  Gilbert readily admitted that Williams
was strange at times.
  “So you say he’s got these niggers primed
for trouble with us, eh?”
  “No, he didn’t say that,” DuBeque
hastily put in. “I did You know wher-
ever this beach-comber goes he makes
trouble for white men.”
  “Does he now?” Jackson asked. There
was something peculiar in his manner of
asking it.
Savages
119
  “He’s notorious,” DuBeque insisted.
  “Yes. Seems to me I’ve heard o’ him,”
said Jackson with a shade of irony in his
voice, and the irony, though lost to Du-
Beque’s cars, caught Gilbert Lang’s atten-
tion.
  Jeb Jackson had formerly been mate on a
Yankee whaler. That was years ago. He
had beaten up a bullying, half-crazed skip-
per, then had taken to the beach and had
stayed in the South Seas ever since, eventu-
ally going into the employ of Winston
Willerby.
  DuBeque swore viciously in his low, oily,
smooth way, and said there was not a decent
man in the South Seas who had not heard of
Williams. And said that he was a trouble-
maker.
  “You’re right. You’re right, son,” Jack-
son answered casually. “He’s the greatest
little trouble-maker—an’ finisher—in these
parts. Old W. W. ought to be quite inter-
ested. He’s wished ’nough times he could
run across him.”
  “By the way, Gilbert,” DuBeque asked
quickly, “come back with us to the ship?
I want to introduce you to Willerby.
Fine fellow to know. Will you?”
  “I shall be pleased,” said Gilbert Lang.
  Jackson grunted. He knew Paul Du-
Beque and why DuBeque wanted to carry
Gilbert back to the ship, where he and
Willerby could question him about Wil-
liams.
  “Hey, you, below there!” Jackson shouted
down at the boat. “Throw up that
raffle.”
  The “raffle” was odds and ends of trade
goods, which the black boys threw up to
Jackson. He had brought presents for the
village, but, as none other than Baraka ap-
proached, Jackson generously presented the
whole lot to him. Jackson was not a
trader. He was a seaman. Willerby was
a goods eaman himself when sober, but he
kept Jackson near him and gave him the
hard and dangerous work to do—as going
ashore to a village that appeared hostile.
  Paul DuBeque was a man after Willerby’s
heart. He had known Paul for years.
Also he had known Paul’s cousin—Lania—
pronounced La-nigh-a—DuBeque. Some
months before there had been trouble be-
tween Willerby and the DuBeques, and the
latter fled into hiding, but recently every-
thing had been patched over and the old
relations resumed.
  Gilbert Lang got into the boat, and, when
it shoved away from the jetty, he wished
that he might never again set foot on that
island. He expected to, however. He was
going on board the Bebe with no intention
of not returning. He was beginning rather
to like DuBeque, who was more friendly and
courteous than any other man met since
leaving Honolulu. And Jackson, too, in
spite of profanity, seemed to be only a big,
"hale, hearty fellow. But Gilbert Lang
sensed that Jackson had a kind of veiled
contempt for DuBeque.
V
HTHE Bebe was moored a hundred
and fifty yards from the jetty and
within shouting distance of one of
the luggers.
  An awning that served to keep away rain
or sun was stretched over the poop. A
six-pound brass cannon with a carriage that
could be run to port or starboard was in
the waist. This was ostensibly for pro-
tection, but Winston WTillerby occasionally
took upon himself the prerogatives of Euro-
pean men-of-war and shelled a village. In
those days and until recently, very re-
cently, if a white man got killed or hurt in
a coast village—no matter why or how—
and a war-ship happened to come along,
even months afterward, the village was
shelled to show the savages that they could
not trifle with the lives of civilized men.
  Willerby was a big man in many a way.
He really was. He had a genius for trade,
for commerce, and what he may have lacked
in attention to details and good manage-
ment he made up in jealously keeping
rivals from the field. He was a large-
bodied man with a shaven red face, a heavy-
jowled face, and gray eyes. His magnifi-
cence was unapproached in the South
Seas, in Australia even. The Bebe was a
beautiful ship and a floating palace. Wil-
lerby made money and spent it, and not
the least of his expenditures were for food
and drink. The chef on the Bebe had been
drawn by Willerby’s princely wage from a
passenger-steamer. Her immense refriger-
ator was stored with ice. Rumor had it
that Willerby every six months had a ship-
load of ice brought to his plantation in the
Fijis.
  Willerby spent most of his time at sea
and in good company. He kept a small
120
Adventure
orchestra that furnished music for the
nightly dance, for, now that he was in
wealth and influence—if not officially—a
king, he never hailed without companions,
a half dozen or more guests. Trading-
s tat ions were to be visited, the Australian
markets investigated and the footholds of
independent traders to be jarred loose.
  He combined business with pleasure and
carried new stocks for his traders, took on
board the contents of their warehouses,
was ever ready to carry out any new scheme
that had money in it. And pearling had a
peculiar fascination for him, not only be-
cause the shell was valuable but because he
seemed to have a genuine passion for pearls.
He had luggers at Thursday Island and a
schooner that every year visited Paumotu
reefs. Any one who reported a new oyster-
bed coidd always gain his ear.
  The sun disappeared with almost the
suddenness of being swallowed by some
black cosmic monster .that lurked near the
western horizon just as the boat bearing
Gilbert Lang approached the Bcbe, but her
poop was ablaze with lanterns, and the
shadowy shapes of men and women could
be seen through the rays of the lanterns;
voices raised in laughter and bantering
could be heard far out on the water.
  Gilbert Lang followed DuBeque up the
sea-ladder and to the poop. After them
came the burly, barrel body of Jackson.
  Gilbert Lang’s first impression was of
some attractive though unreal world into
which he had been thrown. Two white-
coated Chinese boys moved about on noise-
less feet with trays and glasses in which
the tinkling of ice wras heard. Women,
beautiful w'omen, white w'omen, in brilliant
gowns and jewels—scarcely less resplendent
in the lantern-light than if they all had been
genuine—were grouped about men in pressed
duck suits.
  The soft lights took much of the hardness
from the faces that he saw'. The honest
sun would have shown him that there was
not a face there unmarked with a kind of
cunning or without the scars of sin: no face
but one, and hers was beautiful in the way
that the evilest of women’s often are for
some few years.
  Lania DuBeque had the flashing bizarre
face that lures even the wise, the unillu-
sioned, to folly. Some men, many in fact,
might be sufficiently inexpert in character
perception to believe her words and pose
when she assumed a certain innocence
Others, most others, might know all there
was to knowr about her and yet not care.
Hei voice, too, was soft and smooth; sw'eet
and plausible her words—unless she spoke
in anger, when a fishwife might well have
shrunk.
    She sat in a chair, a long wicker chair, and
 by her sat Winston Willerby.
    I hough it could at once be perceived that
 she l-Hjre a family resemblance to DuBeque,
 still she did not have either his eyes or his
 mouth Her face was not regular in the
 1 lassical fashion. The faces of fascinating wo-
 men never are. In such faces there is a unique
 irregularity that first arrests the surprized
 attention; then the beholder more or less
 swiftly is likely to come under the spell of
 her serpentine personality. There seems
 to be something serpentine, wicked, about
 all really fascinating women.
   “Hurricane Williams is over there!”
 DuBeque shouted breathlessly to Willerby.
   The people about the deck drew near to
 listen. Most of them stared at Gilbert
 Lang, stared in that curious noncommital
 way that leaves people free to accept the
 stranger as a comrade or a spoil-sport.
 But their stares were not long nor steady.
 Most of them looked at DuBeque, who was
 very much excited, and some of them who
 knew of Hurricane Williams glanced re-
 peatedly at Willerby to see how he was
 taking DuBeque’s information.
9^9 BUT Lania did not take her eyes
off Gilbert Lang’s face. From un-
der her long lashes she watched him
steadily. Two long pendant black pearls
were at her ears—not pear-shaped pearls,
but baroques that had been matched with
some care and a great deal of luck. Any
one finding a large, shield-like baroque
would never expect to find its mate, and the
chances would be infinitely reduced if the
baroque were black. 'Tis an old saying,
and true; j>erhaps old as the pearl-fishers of
Arabian w’aters from whence were drawn
pearls of great price for Solomon, “Match
a pearl, and you double the value of both."
   Those pendant earrings were without
 price. They could not be purchased.
 Many women had worn them. They were,
 in a wav, the tiara of Willerby’s court. If
 a herald had cried it forth in a stentorian
 voice, it would not have been better known
 that the woman who wore them was not to
Savages
121
 receive attention from other men: it would
 be perilous for her and for the men. Lania
 had first worn those earrings a year and
 more before and the eldest son of a lord
 had fallen in love with her. Lania and
 Paul DuBeque fled. The lord was notified
 by letter that reached to his English
 manor house that his son and heir had been
 hauled under by sharks.
  Gilbert Lang did not notice how she was
watching him. He, too, was listening to
DuBeque and looking again and again
at Willerby.
  “He’s trying to make trouble. Look at
the way the natives act! And pearling on
your grounds! Here is the chance to catch
that pirate. He—” indicating Gilbert—
“can give you the details,” DuBeque con-
cluded.
  Willerby’s fingers opened and shut writh-
ingly on the arms of the chair, and liis face
grew red and more red with apoplectic rage.
He looked Gilbert up and down and through
him, too. Willerby was something of a
judge of men. He sometimes said that
none were to be trusted, which is a common
opinion among men of large financial
affairs, but still he had had to pick his
traders, his agents and managers. He
knew some tiling of men, and he was trying
to comprehend what that frail boy with the
refined, not quite matured, face was doing
with W’illiams.
  “So you’re in with him. are you?”
Willerby said hoarsely, menacingly.
  “No,” said Gilbert Lang; “I took pas-
sage with him out of the Carolines. I
know nothing about his business. He said
he was an outlaw, and he has influence with
the natives, and he is pearl-fishing. That
is about all I know of him.”
  Now Gilbert Lang spoke the truth, and
he was glad that he could say that and know
it was true. He had no love for Williams,
though a certain exasperating admiration—
much like the charm of Uala—rose from
time to time. But just at that moment,
or rather afternoon and evening, he was
glad to be able to say that they were not
closely associated, scarcely acquaintances,
certainly not friends.
  A heavy guttural grunt rolled up from
the chest of Jackson, who had been standing
impassively near-by.
  Gilbert Lang glanced at him. Jackson said
nothing; he merely looked back at Gilbert
Lang. But the look made the boy angry
with Jackson, angry with himself, angry
with Williams. The huge sailor seemed
silently expressing contempt for one who
denied his friend.
  Now Gilbert Lang did not consider
Williams his friend. He said so. He said
so to Willerby, but it was for Jackson that
he spoke. And every second Lania’s steady-
dark eyes, peering alertly from under
slumbrous lids, were on him.
  “I’m glad to know' that. Glad to know
that, boy,” said W'illerby, who believed
him.
  Willerby spoke not in a hospitable man-
ner but ratlier as a judge who has dis-
covered that the suspected person is inno-
cent of everything but bad company.
  “But what are you doin’ down here?
Tell me that.”
  Gilbert Lang was impaled by that ques-
tion. Willerby required an answer. He
assumed the right to know the wrherefore
and wrhy of every man's presence if there
was the remote chance of it interfering with
the Willerby interests. Gilbert Lang
could no more tell his story than he could
have been gratuitously insulting. The
rebuke that Williams had given him when
he had ventured to mention the tragedy back
of his request had left a scar deep within
him, and, besides, here were many ears,
none of them sympathetic. But Gilbert
Lang could not pose as a trader or a scien-
tist or any of those tilings.
  “Mr. Willerby,” he said, “I came dowm
to the South Seas to rather look around,
and I didn’t have the faintest idea that it
w’as nearly as large as it is. I wouldn't
wrant to call myself an ‘adventurer’, but
that is about the nearest to it.”
  “Has Williams been gettin’ pearls?”
  “Not that I know of.”
  “He’s got that gang of niggers with him,
hasn’t he?”
  “Samoans and Tongans.”
  “By - I’ll get him and get him to-
night!” Willerby cried, springing up and
not wholly unconscious of the dramatic
value of his words and manner.
  He was angry, but he was not too beside
himself to note the admiring murmurs and
eyes of his guests—if such a parasitical lot
could be called by that ancient and honor-
able name.
  “We’ll steal a march on him,” Willerby
went on, interrupting the statement of his
intentions at this point to curse the soul
122
Adventure
and body of Williams. Then: “Jackson,
you take what men you need. No lights,
understand. Land on the beach. This
boy’ll go along and show you the way.
Grab him and get back before his niggers
know you have him. I want to tell that
fellow to his face what I think of him;
then-”
  Willerby ended abruptly with a signifi-
cant sweep of his arm that suggested push-
ing somebody overboard into the black
water.
  “I’ll make your fortune for you,” he
said to the horrified boy. “From this day
on Winston Willerby is behind you. And
that means something down in this country.
Don’t it?”
  His question was an appeal to those who
stood about him, and emphatic words
flashing hastily from male and female
throats, many of them loud words so that
he might be sure which throat had spoken,
agreed that it meant much: it was the great-
est thing that could happen to a man in the
South Seas. Some of the women cast
speculating glances at Gilbert Lang. He
had suddenly become worth while.
  Only Lania DuBeque remained silent.
She was above such flattery. Hers was
more subtle. Besides, she was sure of her
position on board the Bebe or at the home
plantation in the Fijis. But not for one
second did she take her eyes off Gilbert
Lang. There was something about the
boy that more than interested her—almost
disturbed her. She could not tell what it
was.
  “Well,” Willerby continued, in the large
way that a man may assume when by a
smile or a frown he has the power to affect
the fortunes of others, ^‘you’re in with
Winston Willerby from now on. Just go
along with Jackson here and point out
that--’s hut, and Jackson and his
men’ll do the rest.”
  Now Gilbert Lang had found Williams a
peculiarly unfriendly man and disagreeable
as well as at times terrifying. The boy had
been born into a home and raised in sur-
roundings where a very deep and sincere
religious feeling existed. Williams had
been constantly blasphemous. More even
than that, Williams had on one horrible
occasion said that he would not crook a
finger to stop a cannibal feast. He had
many reasons for disliking as well as fearing
Williams, and few were known for liking him.
  True, he had awakened out of his feverish
delirium to find himself in Williams* hut
and hammock, but Gilbert Lang knew
nothing of Williams’ vigils, his unremitting
attention. He knew 110 more of those
things than of Lula’s gift of her precious
knife to Baraka as the price for exorcising
the devil out of him. It was natural that
Gilbert Lang would, almost invariably,
mistake discourtesy—such as was con-
tinuous in Williams—for a kind of re-
pulsiveness of character.
  He did not feel the jiersonal loyalty of
the comrade for Williams, and, being very
young, as well as more or less unconsciously
eager to tell something—to give information
—which is an impulse by no means re-
stricted to the youthful—he had been un-
aware of the ugly sound his words had had
when he disclaimed all knowledge of Wil-
liams’ business and all friendship for him.
  But Willerby’s suggestion smote Gilbert
Lang as an insult would have done. In a
way it was an insult To deny friendship
for Williams was one thing: to deliver him
into the hands of the unfriendly was another.
  “Mr. Willerby,” he said, his voice trem-
bling from the effort to remain calm, “I
could not think of doing such a thing as
you propose!”
THERE was silence about the deck
as those unexpected words fell from
his lips. Willerby looked at him;
just looked, as a monarch might stare at
some poor fool who had done an incom-
prehensible thing. DuBeque’s evil lips
I>arted in a kind of amazed gasp. Jeb
Jackson slipped his thumbs into his belt,
leaned against the railing and sort of re-
laxed into the attitude of a spectator.
Jackson’s face was heavily bearded; so no
one could detect the sort of a smile that ran
along his mouth. Lania DuBeque nar-
rowed her eyes and leaned slightly forward.
  Then Willerby cut loose. He cursed the
boy with a boatswain’s tongue, accused him
of being a Williams spy, of the same breed
and ilk as that thrice-damnable thief and
white cannibal, as well as an ingrate! For
wasn’t he, Willerby, about to make his,
Gilbert Lang’s, fortune? And that was the
manner of his repay!
  “Jackson,” he concluded, “throw him
into irons! He’ll never get off this ship
again—alive!”
  Then it was that Lania DuBeque gasped.
Savages
123
Her black eyes, suddenly fierce, shifted to
Willerby’s face, and she put out a hand as
if tc protest. But the hand fell again
to the arm of her chair. She lay back and
kept silent, watching Gilbert Lang in-
tently.
  The boy, slender, pale with anger, con-
fused by the injustice, stared at Willerby.
Willerby was furious, but Gilbert Lang
thought such an order must at most be
only a threat. Men did not do such things!
  But Jackson, taking a half dozen steps
forward, called from the poop for Grogan,
the.third mate, and Grogan came.
  “Irons. An’ drop him down the for-
ward hatch,” said Jackson carelessly with
a gesture toward Gilbert Lang.
  “Git!” cried DuBeque, ever anxious in
some distinguishing way to aid the wishes
of Willerby, as he gave the boy a shove and
kicked him.
  Gilbert Lang wheeled and leaped. He
smote the fastidious DuBeque on Lhe mouth
anci whirled another fist to the jaw. The
dormant blood of his fighting forefathers
who had raised to prestige the name of
Lang was foaming in his veins. Again, as
among the raiding bushmen, he knew no
fear and had no thought of it. Injustice set
him wild. Wrillerby’s order to throw him
into irons had made him like a barrel of
dry powder, but it was DuBeque who ap-
plied the match.
  Lauia DuBeque sprang to her feet and
drew back. She did not cry out. Others
were doing that.
  The fight was short. Its length was
scarcely countable in seconds. It was not
really a fight, for Paul DuBeque did noth-
ing but scream and try to protect himself
by bending down and covering his face.
  When Jackson, profanity flowing from
his bearded mouth, reached out a powerful,
deliberate arm and gripped Gilbert Lang,
then DuBeque remembered the revolvers
at his side and snatched at them.
  WiLh feline swiftness Lania pushed him
to one side, crying—
  “You fool!”
  Willerby was storming and ordering all
manner of terrible things at once to be done
Jo Gilbert Lang—whose name he even did
not know, had not heard.
  But Jackson, half pushing and half
carrying the boy down the poop ladder
t urned him over to Grogan.
  “Put him somewhere so W. W. don’t
stumble across him. Stick him some place
—to keep him from ’scaping—an’ DuBeque
from knifin’ him,” said Jackson to Grogan
in a whisper.
  Then aloud with lurid oaths he roared for
Grogan to make Gilbert Lang lament the
day of his birth and that he had never
learned manners enough not to strike
gentlemen in the face.
  “A-r-r-right!” said Grogan hoarsely and
fiercely, jerking the struggling, dazed boy
along as easily as a man might pull a frail
child.
  Willerby was beside himself. He was
often beside himself. But familiarity with
his rage did not breed contempt in those
who lived on the ship with him. True,
Lania DuBeque had a way of seeming un-
impressed. But, if there was something
of the roaring bull in him. there was a good
deal of the tiger in her. Probably no other
woman would ever have returned as she
did to face Willerby’s jealous rage when she
had fled it; possibly she was ashamed of
herself for having fled, and that was why
she returned.
  Too, she may have been aware of her
charms and confident. It is the conscious-
ness of beauty, not of brains, that makes
women daring in that picaresque, sensa-
tional way that frequently startles not only
communities but nations.
  As Willerby stamped the deck and
stormed, all but Lania and Paul DuBeque
drew respectfully away from him. Du-
Beque, presuming somewhat on his bat-
tered face, solicitiously felt of his swollen
lips, and a finger with a delicate touch ran
along his jawr to see if it wTere really broken.
  “Take the crews off the luggers and every
man off the Bcbc and go get that fellow
W'illiams!” Willerby shouted at Jackson.
“Bring him here! I’ll tend to him! I'll
show him that Winston Willerby can’t
be made a fool of. Send that girlish kid
here as a spy, will he? By - 1*11 cut
his eyes out and use ’em for fish-bait! Do
you hear me?”
  “Yes,” Jackson rumbled. “I hear you.
But-”
  “But what?” Willerby demanded im-
patiently.
  “We can muster about ten white men.”
He paused to let his eyes sweep the guests
in the background, who. though white men
—and women—were not included in the
muster. “And Williams—he ain’t called
I24
Advent ure
a ‘Hurricane’ 'cause he has a windy mouth,
either—is the best rifle-shot ’tween here an’
hell an’ has a hundred niggers, too.”
“You’re afraid!” Willerby sneered.
“LET me go, W. W.? I’ll bring
him!” said DuBeque speaking with
effort at articulation because of his
swollen lips.
  But, at the same time as he spoke, Paul
DuBeque assumed what he thought was an
attitude of utter exhaustion and physical
debility which a courageous fighting-spirit
was trying to overcome. He was pretty
confident that Willerby would tell him to
go to bed instead. DuBeque’s histrionics
were not lost on anybody but Willerby.
They all played the same game of flattery,
sympathy and pose and were jealous when
one was more successful than the others.
All. that is, of Willerby’s guests and social
associates.
  “Hear that,” said Willerby in rising anger
to Jackson. “This boy’s willing to do it. An’
you're afraid. You give me excuses-”
  “Let him,” said Jackson, whose temper
was like touchwood anyway and whose
respect for DuBeque was only to be re-
presented by a minus quantity.
  For Willerby he did have respect and a
certain, though not exaggerated, liking.
Willerby had faults, and of late years was
given to wanton overbearing, but he was a
bold, ruthless fellow and, if cruel, not with-
out courage.
  “Let him,” Jackson repeated. “An’, if
Williams ever starts for him, he’ll think he’s
tangled up with a couple o’ bolts o’ light-
ning. Now listen, W. W. I know this fel-
low Williams. I don’t simply know of
him, like the rest o’ you. I know him.
When I was a young fellow in the States, I
went out West to what they called cow-
towns and mining-camps. An’ this fellow
Williams is what them people ’d call a
killer'. You send a gang over there alter
him, an’ some o’ us may come back, an’
some won’t, an’ you won’t be no nearer to
Williams than you are now.
  “He’s not over there asleep. I’ll bet he’s
got black boys' with rifles squatting all
along back of the beach, an’ at the first
whoop out o’ him all - ’11 break loose.
I’m not afraid o’ him or no man, but I
don’t wrant to commit suicide.”
  Jackson could have told, had he chosen—
but he never told any one—that his intro-
duction to Williams had been swift and
painful. Jackson, for scarcely more of a
reason than that he was half-drunk and
hard-fisted, had once upon a time knocked
down a black boy on a beach, when there
suddenly appeared a man, half-mated,
seemingly scarcely more than half of Jack-
son's size. Jackson's shipmates were
ashore and around him; they had laughed
when he liit the nigger.
  “Apologize to that boy,” said the strange
white man, in a strange quiet, tense way
as the moaning native rose fearfully and
unsteadily.
  Jackson’s reply was what any one might
expect it to have been.
  The answer of the strange white man was
most unexpected.
  When Jackson somewhat recovered con-
sciousness, after passing through a sort of
blurred haze of bumps and blows, he had
raised himself from the sand and saw the
man and native walking off together while
his own shipmates stood in a kind of silent
wonder, watching.
  Jackson cursed them for their inaction
that they should so go back on a shipmate
as to let the fellow get away.
  “That’s Hurricane Williams,” said a
grizzly old harpooner who had been much
in those waters.
  “An’, if you don’t want 'im t’ git awye,”
said an English sailor, “just shout fer im
to come byke. ’E’ll come ha-runninV
  In the three or four years since that
Jackson had not met him again or mentioned
their first introduction. He had heard
much of Williams, of his amazing suddenness
and strength, his readiness to fight or to
kill, of his cunning and boldness.
  “Don’t want to commit suicide?” Wil-
lerby repeated contemptuously. “DuBeque,
take what men you want and bring that
fellow here—alive!”
Willerby said it with a majestic flourish.
He laid his hand on DuBeque’s shoulder as
a king might lay an accolade on some
obscure soldiet who was being raised to the
post of honor and danger abandoned by a
craven captain. But the dramatic climax
was close to being ruined by something
resembling a snicker that ran thfough the
group, and DuBeque’s knees threatened to
give way beneath his amazement. Even
Lania smiled understanding^ and not
without enjoyment.
  Jackson was a good sailor and in those
Savages
125
largely ill-charted or uncharted waters as
good a navigator as Willerby could expect
to find in combination with a certain un-
scrupulousness and close-mouthed loyalty.
He valued the last as much as seamanship,
and so Jackson often presumed upon that
value, as in the instance of his refusal to
try kidnaping Hurricane Williams.
  DuBeque, having bluffed, realised well
enough that it was ruinous not to pretend
at least to be proud and make the effort.
  Some of the things which DuBeque may
have lacked in courage he replaced with
cunning.
  ‘TU go alone,” he said. “Just let me
have enough men to row the boat.”
  There probably was not a person who
heard him, excepting Willerby, who did
not believe that DuBeque rejected com-
panions so there would be no witnesses to
deny the story he could tell by way of ex-
plaining his failure. And that is probably
exactly what DuBeque at first had in mind.
  “Hear that., Jackson? This lad is going
alone. Or willing to. I won’t allow it,
Paul. No. Take fifty or a hundred men.
By-we’ll all go!”
  It made no difference that Willerby could
not possibly have mustered a hundred men;
he was given to speaking in large numbers.
  But DuBeque protested, and his pro-
tests were sincere. He said that many
would attract attention and they would
have the whole villages and Williams’
natives on them in the darkness. He be-
lieved he could manage alone better. Just
get the boat ready and give him time to
wash up a little. A vague idea of what he
might be able to do had come to him.
  And he walked to the companion way
with the conscious importance of a hero.
  Willerby was pleased with him, said
things of praise, and others had to agree
readily with the compliments.
  Lania slipped away unnoticed and follow-
ed DuBeque, coming into his cabin as he
stood with a wash-rag in hand before a
mirror.
  “I'm proud of you, Paul. Proud of you,”
she said sweetly and suiting her expression
to the words.
  He took the words as a hungry shark takes
pork.
  “I’ll show that bunch of cheaps! I
know what they’ve all been saying. They’re
crazy with jealousy since we got in so good
with W. W. again.”
  “Oh, those cats and snakes! Does it
hurt much?” she asked with am appearance
of tenderness, coming closer and letting a
sinuous arm slip around his waist.
  “How’d you like to have your face
battered up! Say, and why’d you stop me
when I was going to kill that fellow?”
  There was a touch of menace in the
question.
  “Paul!” she exclaimed injuredly. “And
when you know how all those people hate
us—and if something should happen to
Willerby? You wouldn’t have had a
chance before the British Commissioner.
They’d have sworn it was cold-blooded
murder. There would have been seven or
eight against just us two. You must
think of such things.”
  He was thoughtful for a moment. Lania’s
reasoning was a little far-fetched but
plausible enough if one admitted that some-
thing might happen to W illerby.
  “Nothing will happen to him!”
  “Let us hope not! But you can’t tell.
He’s drinking hard. And this Williams-”
  “Leave that fellow to me,” he said
mysteriously.
  “But W. W. said he wanted him alive!”
“Don’t worry. He’ll be alive. But that
Gilbert—he won’t long!”
  “What did you say his name was?” she
asked quickly.
  “Gilbert. I’m going to stick a knife in
him.”
  “Gilbert? Gilbert. Mr. Gilbert,” she
repeated thoughtfully.
  There was something about the boy but
nothing about the name that stirred vague
things somewhere in Lania’s brain. He
was a beautiful, poised, refined boy such as
few women of the far places have ever met.
“Who is he?” she asked.
  “1 don’t know. And I don’t care. lean
tell you what he’ll be in less ’an a week, if
that’ll interest you. A corpse!”
  Lania, motionless, looked at him from the
comers of her eyes.
  “Say,” he flashed at her, turning from
the mirror, “and you’ve got to hit it up
harder. You’ve been cold as an icicle round
W. W. lately. Beginning to be again like you
were just before you met Ballantyne.”
Ballantyne was the eldest son of the
English lord who, so liis father had been
told, was pulled down by a shark.
   “If I drank like the rest of those cats, I’d
soon look like them,” she said, at once
126
Adventure
explaining and evading his remark. “I have
to keep my head and face. I don’t wear
these—” touching the black pearl pendants
—“because I go to bed drunk every morn-
ing.”
  “You take care not to pull any more fool
plays. I’m in good with Willerby now, and
I'm not going to lose out for you or any-
body.”
  “ You wouldn’t throw me to the sharks,
would you, Paul?” she asked with just a
perceptible trace of lightness.
  The question was at once figurative and
literal.
  “No,” he replied with frank irony, dab-
bing his swollen face with ointment, “I
wouldn’t throw you overboard any sooner
than you’d throw me. All along you’ve
been the one that was in good and me just
hanging on by my eyelashes. But I’m
solid now, and after tonight—you can all
go to-if you don ’ t like my ways. W. W.
won’t forget in a hurry who brought this
Huricane Williams on board.”
  There was some truth in that. Much.
Lania had no love for Paul—no more than
he had for her. But down deep in her
heart she was afraid of him. She always
had been afraid of him. And he was far
from being indifferent to her anger. So
they had somewhat pooled their fortunes
and, though rather distrustful of each other,
had accepted a common alliance against
the others with whom Willerby took up.
Besides, there was the tie of blood which
rather singled them out for the “alliance”
rather than gave strength to it.
  If Paul should be killed, Lania would
shed tears, appear inconsolable and really
miss him. But she would be relieved.
She rather wished at times that something
would happen to him. But she never
showed it, and not altogether futilely she
kept up a pretense of affection: not so much
because she was a hypocrite as because she
knew very well that “something” would
happen to her if Paul ever became aware of
hei real feeling toward him.
Pfcnlll WHEN DuBeque came on deck, the
p ^four-piece orchestra was strumming
P^H.iwav below, and the harmony came
to deck through the- open skylight. Some
few, one or two couples, were dancing; the
others sat around laughing and drinking
from the trays of the white-clad, noiseless-
footed Chinamen.
  It was far from being the gay, social,
light-hearted group that it appeared to be—
that those in it tried to deceive themselves
into believing that it was. Normal people
on shipboard quickly grow tired of one
another. And these people were not nor-
mal. They had no common denominator
of interest except what they could get out
of Willerby. Each was jealous of the other;
they gossiped furiously, sometimes quar-
reled and were nightly drunk. Yet the
women wore gaudy dresses and imitation
stones; the men had clean pressed duck
from day to day.
  “Oh, Paul, don’t get hurted,” cooed a
sharp-tongued little blonde.
  “What’re you going to do? Take the
brass cannon?”
  “Yes, where’s your artillery, Paul?”
   “If that kid had hit him on the other side of
the face, he’d look like a nigger with the
mumps,” said the little blonde.
  But, as Willerby came up with Lania on
his arm, the voices fell and the jibes were
less audible.
  “I’m ready, W. W.,” said DuBeque.
  “Why, you've forgot your guns, boy!”
exclaimed Willerby.
  “I’ve a Derringer in my pocket. I’d
cam' two holsters if I was going over there
to bluff.” he said with all the aplomb of a
hero. “But I'm going to bring him back
with me.”
  And Paul let his eyes stray around the
group.'
  “That’s the talk, old boy!” said the
blonde.
  “He’ll do it, too!” loudly remarked a fat
roue who suffered from a perpetual short-
ness of breath.
  But he had a seemingly endless supply of
“good” stories: that is, the sort of stories
that were appreciated on the Bebe.
  “Paul,” said Willerby, again laying his
hand on the young man’s shoulder with a
kind of rough affection, “I oughtn’t to let
you go. It’s too risky. Don't take any
chances with that-”
  And what Williams was in Willerby’s
opinion had best be left to inference.
  “I’m doing this for you, W. W. You’ve
been good to me and Lania—” something
that resembled a very determined effort at
tenderness came into his voice at the men-
tion of Lania— “and anything we might do
is only pacing the interest on our debt, so*
to speak.”
Savages
127
  And the blonde whispered to the fat
raconteur:
  “Can you b’lieve it! And the old boy
swal lows that gush.
  And the fat man, with a. wheeze and a
puff, whispered back:
  “It’s Lania the old boy’s swallowed.
Paul’s just hangin’ on to her petticoat.”
“That snake!” hissed the little blonde,
who hated tail dark women as a matter of
esthetic principle.
  “Boy,” said Willerby, “I haven’t done a
thing for you more ’an you richly deserved.
From now on I’Ll show you what the
friendship of Winston Willerby is worth.
By-I’ll see that you make money-”
  “Not money, W. W. Just your friend-
ship. That’s all I want!”
  It was raw; not another person on board
would have had the consummate nerve to
say such things in the presence of others,
though any one who could quietly get to
Willerby’s ear went as far or further.
Many of the so-called big men of the earth
want their flattery raw and strong, as
others want their liquor. They have no
appreciation of flavors and delicacy.
  DuBeque had long perceived what the
others had not noticed or, if so, had not
had nerve enough to act on: Willerby
liked to be praised in public; he enjoyed
having spectators. Others shrank from the
ridicule of their companions. Paul endured
the ridicule and won the guerdon. But
then he had more cunning than most people.
Any of the others would have been confused,,
routed, if they had ventured the bluff of
going after Hurricane Williams and had
unexpectedly been sent.
  “All ready there, Grogan?” Jackson
shouted down from the side.
  A thick Irish voice rolled back up.
  “All ready, DuBeque/’
  “Good luck an’ look out!” said Willerby.
Voices shouted their best wishes, tinged
with compliments, as Paul went down to
the sea-ladder and got into the boat.
  “Oh, I don’t know what would become of
me!" said Lania in soft-voiced agony to
Willerby’s ears alone.
  “I’ll take care of you—always! Paul’s a
fine boy. May no harm come to him.
But you—God! You look great to-
night!”
  Then at the secret shrine of her inner
heart Lania prayed that her cousin would
meet Hurricane Williams and die.
VI
f m. 'I THE BOAT, after some delay in
I ©) I locating it, landed at the jetty.
LJ5&J “Give me a lantern,” said Du
Beque.
   It was a black night, with that forbidding,
tropic blackness that is most ominous under
a half-clouded, half-starlit sky when all the
land and bush is one solid shadow.
  Grogan thought it a strange request for a
man who was about to slip into a village.
But he produced a lantern out of the locker.
  “Lightit,” said DuBeque.
  He was very uncomfortable and wished
himself headed for the brilliantly lighted
Bebe rather than the labyrinthine blackness
of the shore.
  “Phwat the devil does yez want wid a
lanthem whin-”
  “Will you light that lantern and leave me
and my business alone?” stormed DuBeque.
“Think I want to break my neck wandering
around in that bush?”
  Grogan sullenly lighted the lantern and
had some difficulty in concealing the wish
that some such thing would happen to
DuBeque.
  “Wait here till I come back,” said Du
Beque as he started off, his mouth in his
throat, every nerve taut and his fingers
tightly gripping the derringer that he had
withdrawn from his pocket.
  He wished that he had not only brought
two holsters but every man who could
earn* a gun. He. began to be exceedingly
fearful that he had undertaken more than
was wise and seriously debated blowing out
the lantern and sitting himself down for an
hour, then reappearing with some stirring
story of what he had tried to do. But he
was stung by the knowledge that almost
everybody on board expected him to do
some such thing as that.
  His story might not even fool Willerby.
The old man had surprizing and fiery moods,
and he was not a pleasant one to whom to re-
port failures, no matter how they were gar-
nished with details of the efforts made.
  Now it is not for one minute to be sup-
posed that DuBeque would have ventured
into Gopassa if he had really believed any
of the more barbarous tilings that he and
others pretended to believe about Williams.
When the Bebe came in, those on board had
been surprized and a little suspicious of
trouble because the natives kept out of
128
Adventure
sight, but DuBeque very craftily realized,
after he had blundered into his request to
go for Williams, that, if Gilbert Lang had
lived among these natives for weeks and felt
no fear, it was comparatively safe for him,
DuBeque, to go into the village.
  It was pretty well known, too, that Wil-
liams tried to avoid trouble, but crowd him,
threaten him, and it was something like
tying a flaming torch to the tail and a red
rag to the horn of a wild bull. That was
the reason why DuBeque had summoned up
courage enough to appear to be unarmed.
DuBeque knew that he was really running
but little risk, but he had a difficult time to
feel that way about it. He had lived in the
South Seas long enough to be familiar with
the fact that the coast natives, as a rule, are
not wanton murderers.
  True, some head-hunter is always likely
to be the prowling exception, and the of-
fenses of one white man are apt to be vicari-
ously expiated by feasting from the next
who comes. But, if Gilbert Lang had had
the run of the village, he, DuBeque, would
be reasonably safe. DuBeque had been
cunning enough to see that, though he had
some trouble in summoning up courage
enough to act on it. And, while there were
none to deny that Hurricane Williams was a
dangerous man, there were some to defend
his character: particularly the old-timers
who had married native wives and settled
down to patriarchal dignity and who re-
sented the encroachment of civilization.
  DuBeque was confident that, if he could
come face to face with Williams, he would
come to the end of his scheme all right. He
was cold with fear, jumpy and nervous by
being forced to walk alone in the ever-
mysterious night, fringed—one might sa\—
by the jungle growth. Yet he had to come
alone. He would not, for almost anything,
have let those on the Bebe know what words
he intended to use to Williams. There
were depths within depths to the cunning of
Paul DuBeque.
  DuBeque had left the jetty and was walk-
ing up the beach toward a hut, the shaggy
roof of which was faintly perceptible in the
dimmest of starlight.
  A voice close at hand called out in painful
English—
  “Who you?”
  The jerk of the lantern showed how high
DuBeque jumped, and in his fear he came
near shooting blindly.
  With some effort DuBeque stammered in
the trade vernacular:
  “Me fellow come gammon him fellow
Williams. You fellow go me quick.”
  There was no direct answer for some time,
but he could hear voices clacking and mur-
muring where his remark was evidently
being debated. The delay and suspense
came near to stiffening DuBeque’s hair.
The impulse to drop the lantern and run
was strong, and the cold sweat stood on him
as on the body of one dead from fright,
but he succeeded not only in standing his
ground but in calling out:
  “You fellows like-quick* No plenty
time.”
  The voices grew a lit tie more loud. Then
the crunch of sand, and out of the darkness of
pandanus bushes shapes moved toward him
  DuBeque lifted his lantern to get a look.
Three stalwart native^, not Solomon Island-
ers, approached, and each carried a rifle.
That was a little unusual, more so than one
might think when rifles are the chief desire of
a native toward a trader. But the tropic
rust, particularly in the wet Solomons, soon
reduces the uncared for rifle to such a state
of junk that even the native throws it away.
Of course, it is alwa)^ evil spirits that ruin
the precious rifle.
  “Me go with you,” said one who spoke
English after a fashion.
  “Who are you?” DuBeque asked as he
scrutinized the handsome face—handsome,
that is, for a native.
  “Banoo.”
  Then Banoo strode off, leading the way.
  Williams sat in his hut with the door
drawn. It was drawn not for protection or
fear of peering eyes but somewhat to shut
out the insects that would swarm and fall
finger-deep about the light, flap themselves
on the pages of t he book he was reading and
crawl over his body with irritating slowness.
The book he read was a book of his own
writing, a sort of amplified log, not of ad-
ventures and what he saw, but a thing full
of nautical findings, of winds and depths and
tides and sightings.
  Banoo scratched on the door and spoke;
then Williams slipped it back.
  Banoo told him that this lone man had
come off the Bebe to talk.
  “What do you want?’’ Williams asked be-
fore Banoo had finished.
  The question came out like the uneven
volley of a squad.
Savages
129
DUBEQUE stepped closer, came
into the square of light that the
lantern, hung from the hut rafter,
shot through the doorway. The lantern
that he carried had made only a pool of
light about his feet.
  Then DuBeque lied as with all of his
practise he had never lied before. He did
not choose his words with care but spoke
with that fluent earnestness that is so
amazing to truth-tellers, who are not only
surprized that some people will deliberately
misstate facts but elaborately relate false
details.
  DuBeque began by saying “that boy Gil-
bert” had got himself into trouble. He had
heard that Willerby was no friend of yours,
Williams, and said that he was not one
either.
  “I’m one of Willerby’s managers, Wil-
liams, and he has often been angry at you.
He thinks you’ve interfered with his traders
and recruiters before now, but down deep
the old man’s had to admire you. I’ve
often heard him say so. He is a good deal of
a fighter himself. Especially in his younger
days, and, whenever he has thought you
have hurt his pocketbook—why, of course,
he has been furious. But, when that fellow
Gilbert came on board and said he heard
that Hurricane Williams was an outlaw and
pirate and that Willerby wanted him and
that he, Gilbert, would be glad to point out
your hut so a party could sneak up and grab
you—why, Williams, W. W. very nearly
tramped the deck in. He was that mad.
  “He just tore around, and I got this—”
indicating his blackened face—“by stepping
in between them when he was swinging on
that fellow Gilbert. W. W.’s a big man, and
that fellow’s nothing but a boy, and I knew
W. W. ’d be sorry—he always is—if he hurt
the boy. But the idea of anybody suggest-
ing such a thing to him made him clear
crazy. He sent me over here to tell you
about it. Gilbert’s praying the old man
won’t put him ashore, and the old man
won’t have him on the ship.”
  Williams listened closely. His body was
stiff and rigid, his eyes agleam. Out of the
bitterness of experience with his fellow men
he saw no reason for doubting that Gilbert
Lang had done precisely as DuBeque said.
The boy had never concealed dislike for him,
and that afternoon he had undoubtedly
been frightened by having Williams sur-
prize him with Uala. Treachery was what
Williams expected from all men, all white
ones. He had thought Gilbert Lang dif-
ferent.
  The boy was different from most men, but
in them all was the streak of treachery. So,
though he might believe what was reported
ill of Gilbert Lang, he saw no reason for ac-
cepting what was reported gallant of Wins-
ton Willerby. He had never met WTillerby,
but he had met men who told of Willerby’s
anything but gallant threats toward him.
  “Is that all you have to say?” Williams
asked through a strained throat, though his
voice was not loud.
  “Why, yes,” DuBeque replied, surprized,
disconcerted, “about all-”
 “Then go to-!”
  Those words came slowly, deliberately, as
if .definitely ridding himself of DuBeque,
Willerby and Gilbert Lang.
  Williams turned abruptly to the table
and sat down, his back toward the door out-
side of which stood DuBeque and Banoo.
  “But, Williams,” DuBeque protested,
scarcely knowing what he would say next
but determined to say something, anything,
that might possibly get through the baffling
reserve of this man.
   “ B u t,'Wil liams, ” he repea t ed,speaking very
earnestly, for he was in earnest,“I knew how
you feel about that boy, and I don’t blame
you. I know the chance of you and Wil-
lerby ever really being friends is too remote
to suggest. I know you don’t care what
Willerby or anybody else that trades or re-
cruits thinks of you—” the words were com-
ing easier now; DuBeque could see a clear
course of argument—“but here is a chance
for you to meet Willerby, and you can tell
him just what his traders and blackbirders do
do. He doesn’t believe the reports, Williams.
  “We’ve all hinted at the way they rob
and kidnap, but it makes him furious, be-
cause he simply doesn’t believe it. And, to
be honest with you, all of us are afraid to tell
him the cold truth. You are not. And, as I
told you before, the old man admires you.
You should hear the w^ay he makes fun to
their faces of the officers that go poking
about in gunboats trying to locate you. Of
course, that's only if none of his traders or
captains have recently had a run-in with
you. W. W.’s a queer old fellow, Williams,
but he has a big heart. He wants to meet
you. He sent me over here to ask you to
come aboard this evening. You can see, I
came alone.”
130
Adventure
  The last sentence was the most eloquent
(hat DuBeque had said. It left to plain in-
ference much that no amount of words could
have made so effective.
  Now Hurricane Williams was, for reasons
of his own, an exile. He had taken up with
and lived entirely among those who are called
savages because their society, cast of mind
and values—hut more especially their na-
kedness—differ from those of the earth’s
dominant nations. He hated white men
with an intensity that could not have en-
dured without being perpetually nourished
by memories. Yet tlie roots of his being ran
too deeply into the white race, which had
borne him and his fathers, to be torn out
even by all the strength and fierceness with
which he had tom at them.
  His conscience was clear. It was sheer
bitterness that made him hate liis race, yet
he knew, though he might try not to ac-
knowledge it within his own thoughts, that
there were men other than the treacherous,
dishonest, brutal, sneaking fellows it seemed
bis fortune to have always encountered.
Gilbert Lang had seemed such a one. It
was a surprize, but scarcely a disappoint-
ment, to hear that he was not. However, it
was a surprize to hear what he had of Wil-
lerby.
  He did not feel enraged toward Gilbert
Lang. When a man has been disappointed
oft in much the same way, he ceases to feel a
sense of injury against any one in particu-
lar but holds a grudge against the general
class, as the misogynist, misanthrope,
Anglophobe—or, as in Williams’case, against
white men.
  He wheeled on DuBeque with the words:
  “I’ll go—as you came. Alone.”
  Again the inextinguishable hope, like a
fire that could not be tramped out or dead
ened by water, lifted a tiny flame. Perhaps
Willerby was such a man as DuBeque had
said.
  DuBeque did not know it, but he had his
battered features, swollen lips and eyes
largely to thank for his success. One glance
at his normal face and Williams would have
distrusted him. As it *as, Williams did not
really believe him. He simply did not en-
tirely doubt him.
  Williams went as he was; that is, naked
except for trousers cut off above the knees
and unarmed except for a sheath-knife with
lanyard to it which he could slip over his
wrist. He wore the knife because it was
handy in the brush or water; if occasion re-
quired, it might serve to rip a shark. Wil-
liams was as much at his ease in Lhe water
as any native, and those of die coast are
practically amphibious.
  He walked swiftly along the street, and
DuBeque was hard put to keep up with
him, and, though he spoke from time to
time, Williams did not answer.
  Not only Banoo but a group of armed
natives joined him on the way and followed
to the end of the jetty.
  Before he got into the boat, Williams said
something to Banoo that the white men did
not understand, but one of the blade boys
at the oars heard and shivered. He chanced
to be a Samoan.
  Williams dropped lightly into the boat
and sat down. DuBeque followed with the
order to shove off.
  “Mr. Grogan,” said DuBeque, too pleased
with himself to keep quiet, “this is Mr.
Williams!”
GROGAN was embarrassed. He
had no use for DuBeque. He won-
dered if Williams could be the man
rumor made him out, since DuBeque had
brought him so easily. DuBeque had not
said that as an introduction—at least W’il-
liams took no notice of it—but rather a
veiled wav of gloating. However, Grogan,
being of that rough class among whom an
introduction invariably implies a hand-
shake, put out his hand and took it back.
Williams stared at him but said nothing,
made no move.
  “Mr. Grogan is one of our officers,”
DuBeque hurried on explanatorially and ap-
parently a little afraid that he had made
what the French call a faux pas.
  DuBeque did not intend to conceal from
anybody that he had cajoled Williams into
the trap. He was proud of that. But he
was quite sure that even Willerby would not
approve of the mamier in which it had been
done if he knew of it That was really the
chief reason DuBeque had dared to go
alone. Willerby would be furious to know
that, even to serve his ends, it had been said
that he ever admired Williams or would
treat him otherwise than contemptuously.
DuBeque was something of an adept at
judging men. He had unerringly, one
might almost say instinctively, made about
the only possible appeal to Williams that
could have been effective.
Savages
131
  Williams said nothing. Perhaps he sensed
the trap. It would not have been the
first time that he walked into danger, fully
suspecting all that was to come and
apparently both unsuspicious and unpro-
tected.
  The nightly gaiety on the Bebe floated in
drunken laughter and sportive cries to the
boat that was slowly approaching, and shad-
ows glided and drifted under the brilliantly
lighted awning.
  “Grogan?” called a heavy voice in a kind
of subdued tone as the boat drew near.
  “Yez, soir.”
  “Is DuBeque with you?”
  “I’m here,” DuBeque called loudly, “and
so is Williams!”
  Jackson said something loud but indis-
tinct—something like an oath of surprize
that struggled out in spite of himself.
  Williams scrambled up the ladder swiftly
as a monkey runs up a vine. Less rapidly,
but helped by eagerness, DuBeque came
after.
  As Grogan put his hand to the ladder, the
Samoan sailor spoke to him, and the mate
stopped to listen in amazement.
  "Williams?” said the loud-voiced Jackson.
  Williams stopped, and his eyes flashed on
Jackson’s bearded face.
  “You don’t remember me?”
  “No,” said Williams gruffly, abruptly.
  “Just as well,” Jackson replied. “I
never hold a grudge ’gainst a better man
than me.” Then, lowering his face, he
added swifdy: “I don’t know why you
come. But look out!”
  And Jackson turned with a cheerful
greeting to give DuBeque a hand over the
freeboard.
  “Aye, Skipper, wan woird wid yez,”
Grogan called up.
  “What is it, Grogan?” Jackson answered
down.
  “Oi’ll bay r-right up,” and Grogan came
fast, and Jackson waited. But DuBeque and
Williams had gone aft at once.
  On the poop there was that noise which
passes for gaiety. The seven or eight peo-
ple who made up Willerby’s guests were
drinking and dancing. Existence on the
Bebe would have been intolerable without
the elixir of heady wine, not so much be-
cause they loved the wine—though they did
that, too—as because of the insufferable
ennui which only the inspiriting grape
would cause to vanish.
  DuBeque flung himself up the poop lad-
der, followed by Williams.
  “Oh, W. W.,” DuBeque called shrilly,
elated, “here’s Williams!”
  For a moment those words seemed to
smother the Lips of all who heard: the
quick silence of surprize, and no movement
but the turning of heads and craning of
necks. Then all edged nearer, gaping vul-
ture-eyed to look upon the man who had
almost become a legend in the South
Seas.
  He seemed to fill the part that rumor gave
him: naked, fierce-eyed, short-bearded, with
hair unevenly, carelessly cut short. And he
stood firm-footed, legs apart, like a statue of
bronze. Every muscle was tense, and the
body, though not huge, or even big, was
gnarled with the knotted muscles which
were supple and smooth enough in his
quieter moods.
  He was hedged about. The women, low-
waisted, in flimsy gowns of rainbowed silk,
gaped tipsily, and the men in those gro-
tesque attitudes of surprize and drunken-
ness stared through frog-lidded eyes and
with mouths dropped.
  Then Willerby, drunk but scarcely show-
ing itr, for like a barrel—the more solid
when filled—he seemed physically im-
pervious to wine in any quantity, roughly
shoved his way through. And on his arm
came Lania, forgetting the pose of tipsiness
which was nightly assumed to account for
the glasses she managed to pour overboard.
Inside the circle she slipped from his arm
and stepped back, crowding against those
behind her, sensing danger, seeing it, since
her eyes were clear, in that bronzed body
that stood as if cast from molten metal to
convey Lhe great artist’s idea of a dangerous
man at bay.
  Such refinement of perception was denied
the fume-blurred eyes about her, for Du
Beque was as drunk with pride as any
other man with wine, and Jackson, who had
quietly come up the ladder, was some dis-
tance away and at Williams’ back.
  Willerby swelled out, planted both hands
on his hips and glared. The great mo-
ment w’as at hand. His sycophants were
about him, waiting to listen.
  But, before Willerby spoke, Williams did.
He had been long ago, or long as time is
valued in such a crisis, disillusioned. His
voice was hard and cold.
  “Where’s that boy?”
132
Adventure
  Something resembling a shock was felt by
those who stood around. Here was not a
prisoner but a challenger!
   Willerby raised his voice and said slowly,
as insolently as he could—
  “He is where you will be - quick—
in irons!” Then he continued, his voice
quavering rhetorically, like a poor actor in a
big scene, for, though he was not acting, he
was sj>eaking to the ears of the gallery gods
on his poop as much as to Williams. He
cursed the man, spoke of the yardarm and
hemp, mentioned “white cannibals.’’
  Only once did Williams take his gleaming
eyes from Willerby's face. He shifted them
for a barely preccptible instant as if to
mark the place where DuBeque stood.
  Willerby at length paused for breath, and
Williams spoke again. It was as if he
had not heard anything that had been said
except the first sentence.
  ‘‘In chains—why?”
  Williams' questions were like grappling-
hooks that jerked out answers by sheer
force.
  “Because he’s a friend of yours! Why
else do you suppose? I offered to make his
fortune,” Willerby went on in a slightly ag-
grieved voice as a missionary might say he
had tried to save an unregenerate sinner,
‘'but—” the wine perhaps was a little con-
fusing to brain though not to his legs—“he
told me to go to-! And I’ll send him
there, and you with him!”
     THEN IT happened as men who
know of him say it always hap-
pened with Williams. As the hurri-
cane strikes with scarcely a warning for
those who are not watchf ul, Williams struck.
He half wheeled; an arm flashed out;
DuBeque was down unconscious for min-
utes and sickened for days to come.
  Cries, shouts, screams. A roar of “kill
him” from Willerby throwm to the ship at
large but more or less directly at the burly
form of Jackson. Yells from amidships.
Women and men on the poop, fearful yet
fascinated, screamed and jostled but did not
turn away their faces, and some drunken
hands half clutched at Williams as he
bounded back from where DuBeque lay.
Lania glided to one side. Only she and
Williams were silent.
  Williams glanced quickly to right and
left; then he rushed straight into the huge fist
of Willerby, taking a glancing blow on the
neck and going on right up against him. A
hand, steel-fingered, closed on Willerby’s
f ull throat, and a blow like the drive of a pis-
ton smashed into his face. He dropped.
  A swift backward glance over his shoulder,
and Williams wheeled to meet Jackson.
But Jackson stopped. Jackson was no cow-
ard, but lor one thing his heart was not in
in the fight. He had plenty of sins on his
head, but the gospel of fair-play was at least
faintly ingrained within him. * Besides, he
had once been at grips with Williams; be-
sides, still further, sailors were swarming
from forecastle and amidships, and Grogan
was coming up the poop ladder. Perhaps a
little influence from all those things caused
Jackson to stop. He began to talk about
it and raised his hand in a kind of repress-
ing, soothing gesture.
  “We’ve got you. Williams. There’s no
use making more trouble. Here come-”
  A half smile seemed to appear on Wil-
liams lips. It may have been that he
merely parted them in a strained way to
suck his lungs full of air. Anyway, his eyes
darted toward the top of poop ladder. Men
were coming. Sheer numbers would pile
him down.
  He turned and lunged aft. Those in his
way were too surprized and slow to get clear
of his road, and a man and a woman were
bowled over as ten-pins fly from the side of
the ball. The little blonde crazily clutched
out at him. With drunken luck her fingers
slipped into the waistband of his trousers
and tightened. Williams scarcely looked
around: a back-handed blow and he was
free and her beauty was spoiled for a month.
  Then he leaped. Between taffrail and
awning he dived and into the water.
  A rush to the rail, shouting and pointing
to where the phosphorescent water like a
trail of fire-sparks marked his course.
  “The boat—after him—kill him!” Wil-
lerby shouted hoarsely.
  His throat was painfully wrenched. The
windpipe seemed to have been almost
jerked out. and. as he came unsteadily to his
feet, he felt as if the ship were swinging
and swaying in an oily sea.
  “Tell that lugger to lower away, too,”
Willerby shouted again.
  Voices screamed across the water toward
the lugger that lay nearest. But Jackson
had gone, and his was the only voice that
would carry easily now that Willerby’s was
choked down to hoarseness, and the few
Savages
133
men on board the lugger were slow to get the
order into their ears or through their heads.
  The boat alongside was delayed a little in
getting away. Rifles were fetched. Then
it was found to be overcrowded, and some
of the crew were sent up, leaving just
enough to man the oars, excepting Jackson
and Grogan. A white sailor steered.
  Williams was a fast swimmer, but he had
a hundred and fifty yards to go.
  The boat swung out clear of the ship.
Grogan and Jackson fired. The mark was
not visible, only the phosphorescent wake of
the swimmer, and the bullets striking the
water—unless an almost spent ricochet—
rarely leave even a passing flashing of water-
sparks.
  But, after they fired, the phosphorescent
trail vanished; the water disturbed in swim-
ming smoothed out.
  “-, did we get him!” Jackson ex-
claimed anxiously.
  “Oi shot hoigh,” said Grogan, and both
looked back a little apprehensively toward
the Bebe, where cheering and compliments
came from over the rail.
  Then the cheering died, and shouts of
“Look!” “There!” rose.
  Again the water betrayed Williams after a
long dive.
  Jackson and Grogan shot again, and
again Wiliams dived.
  The lugger had lowered away.
  “-them!” said Jackson, glancing in the
direction of the reinforcements as shooting
began from that boat.
  Williams was swimming fast, and his
dives were long. But oars bent in the water,
and the boats gained and gained. There
was little chance of hitting him until the
boats were almost on top of him, but they
would be there before he could reach shore.
  Then from the water and through his
cupped hands as he treaded it, Williams
shouted one word twice:
  “Banoo! Banoo!”
  The shore suddenly seemed alive with
savages. Yells and howls, the fire of rifles,
and presently the streaks of phosphorescent
wakes as the canoes took to the water.
  All Gopassa was on the beach. What
Banoo and those with him had heard and
seen when Williams left with DuBeque had
rapidly been repeated, and all the Sa-
moans, Tongans and Gopassans had come to
the beach, where they had squatted and
talked wonderingly, awaiting the dawn.
  The pursuers were abruptly turned into
the pursued, and the boats went about and
made for the ships as fast as the frightened
oarsmen could take them. Both boats
fired and in earnest, but little harm could be
done in the darkness.
  The water was alive with canoes and as
if all the fiends of hell were on it.
Howls and yells of derision, taunts, were
flung from the distance, the lessening dis-
tance, as the canoes swept on.
  Then there broke from the Bebe a mighty
flash and roar. The old brass camion split
the cup of heaven, and its echoes crashed
amid cliffs and hills: It had never failed to
intimidate natives, and there was mo-
mentarily a quiet and hush when its thun-
dering echoes died away.
  But shouts rose. The shouts were from
Banoo, Nauma and Chief Ghorki calling
their warriors home, for Williams had been
picked up and had told them to go back to
the beach. The shouts set the howling and
yells loose again. The canoes turned beach-
ward with much the reluctance that children
show in leaving a street-fight. and cries of
derision at the “white” boats for fleeing
gave the natives a sense of victory.
  “We’re lucky,” said Jackson in a throaty
whisper to Grogan.
  Grogan loosened a big, big sigh of relief
and some thick profanity, too.
  “The old man wouldn’t believe it; so we
might as well say nothin’.”
  “R-r-right,” said Grogan as he put out his
hand to steady himself against the side of the
Bebe as the boat came alongside the ladder.
  The Samoan sailor who had overheard
Williams speak to Banoo had told Grogan,
and Grogan had told Jackson, and they,
being men who had often crossed Williams’
trail, did not doubt that the sailor had been
right when he claimed that Williams had
said to the savages on the jetty—
  “If I don’t come back, blow up their ship
at dawm!”
VII
WILLERBY- held a council of war.
A number of things were decided.
He decided them. The others ac-
quiesced, no matter what secret misgivings
they may have had.
  First, however, everybody wanted to
know of DuBeque how on earth he had
managed to get Hurricane Williams on
board the Bebe.
134
Adventure
  For the moment DuBeque considered
his broken jaw providential. Then some
one suggested lhat he write it out. Du-
Ueque was really very miserable. He did
not feel like writing. One of the men, not
entirely sober at the time, who claimed
to have been a medical student in liis youth,
took DuBeque in band, wrenched the jaw
painfully in locating the break, swathed his
head in bandages and, making a “straw”
oi oiled paper, let him suck down a drink.
  Thereupon DuBeque wrote that he had
gone ashore with the intention of putting
a gun to Williams’ head and ordering him
to come along, but Williams had asked
about the boy, Gilbert, and DuBeque had
scud he had been put in irons. Williams
was angry about that, but DuBeque had
said he had better tell his troubles to
Willerby. Williams said he would go right
on board and do that very thing, and
DuBeque had replied that it was just as
well because he, DuBeque, had come after
him for the purpose of taking him back,
without trouble if possible.
  “What? Send but one man after me?”
Williams had exclaimed.
  “Why not? You are only one man,”
DuBeque had said.
   “I’ll go,” said Williams.
  Thus it all happened according to
DuBeque.
  That wras an adroit and plausible ex-
planation and seemed, in its essential
features, true, but some of those who read
it wondered what would have happened
had DuBeque not been lucky enough to
find Williams in a humor for coming, and a
few were inclined to think that DuBeque
had been braver than they suspected in
taking the chance.
  Then Willerby proceeded with his council
of war..
  Hurricane Williams was to be wiped off
the face of the earth.
  Somewhere near in one of the many
bays and islets he had his ship. That
must be captured, li would in a way
serve as an indemnity for the trouble of
wiping him off the earth.
  The Gopassans must be stirred up to
make trouble for him and his natives.
  What shell and pearls he had obtained
must l^e apprehended, as they were more
or less anyhow the personal property of
Willerby—or, at least, such was his feeling
about them.
   But all of those w^ere incidental to the
sale and sure move contemplated. A Ger-
man gunboat, the Print, was some two
hundred miles away at Shortland Island.
Willerby knew the officers well, and they
liked hjm—or, rather, had liked his wine and
friends. With that far-sightedness that
always characterizes the successful man
of business, Willerby had foreseen that
German influence would be strong enough
to get a portion of the South Seas, and he
wished to keep on the agreeable side of
the Germans. In other words, he foresaw
the coming agreement that would put some
of the smaller islands and Bougainville
under the Kaiser's protectorate.
  The Prinz was now at Shortland making
surveys of the little island, Morgusaia,
with that methodical exactitude which
Germans use in picking up the crums
dropped by empire-grabbing nations. That
exhaustive survey and charting would add
w’eight to German claims in the South Seas.
The capture of Williams would also be
very agreeable to the Prinz, and the Ger-
mans would remember the favor Willerby
had done them.
   So it was decided that the next morning
the larger lugger should take on fresh
water, get aboard a few of the best sailors
from the Bebt and slip dowm the coast to
the Prinz.
   The next morning it was raining—as usual.
   Willerby and his friends lay late abed—
as usual.
  Grogan went on board the lugger as
skipper and found her in need of refilling
water-casks. One way to fill them was to
go to the stream that flowed dowm to the
bay from around the east side of the
village. Another was to spread canvas
and catch the rain.
  Willerby awoke in an irritable mood.
For one thing, his throat was more painful
than ever. Instead of a glass of raw
brandy poured down by way of letting
his stomach know he was up, he was
compelled to sip a hot toddy. He went
on deck and found the rain. He w'as tired
of rain. It seemed to him that not even
Noah had endured so much rain. He was
in the mood for ripping somebody up for
something. But the poop had already
been washed down and the brass work
shined. There were no raffle about and
everything looked shipshape.
  Only a man who has looked for trouble
Savages
135
knows how irritating'it is to find things in
order. He looked out at the lugger. Why
hadn’t she got under weigh hours ago?
And what on earth were they doing?
Catching rain-water when a fresh water
stream was in plain sight. He would show
them, he would! He sent for his speaking-
trumpet, but at the first shout through it
he was reminded of Williams’ fingers. That
did nothing to relieve his temper.
  He ordered the boat manned, and over
to the lugger he went. His voice was
rather hoarse, and it was not easy to speak,
but he spoke.
  Afraid of the natives, was Grogan? Well,
in the name of all that was profane and
much that was obscene, no niggers should
ever have the satisfaction of knowing that
Winston Willerby was afraid of them.
Empty those casks that had already been
filled, and overboard with the string of them.
He would send a guard along. He would
do better than that; he would send presents,
too. Here was a chance to make friends
with the natives.
  To hear him tell of it, one would have
thought that Grogan had been deliberately
trying to cheat Winston Willerby of the
opportunity of making friends with the
natives, and, having more or less stumbled
on to the idea, he began to make the filling
of the kegs a great occasion.
  So Willerby went back to the Bebe.
Trade goods were broken out, bottles of
cheap whisky brought up, rifles taken from
their oiled rags.
  A bottle of whisky in one hand and a rifle
in the other: thus does the civilized white
man ever meet the savage.
  The native village was sleepy. It had
been up the night before. Besides, it was
raining.
       AND at dawn, long before it was
BPgd time to get up, particularly after a
late vigil, Baraka came into the
street, prancing and yowling. True, he
had first gone to the hut of Williams to
consult concerning affairs of magic, but
Williams was gone. But the sun-maker
had been effective the day before; so why
not again? Barak$ knew that his fees and
promises of pay for sun would not be forth-
coming if he did not make it stay out a
reasonable length of time. True "enough,
he could easily have found a way to put the
blame on the villagers themselves.
  There were a thousand little infractions
of tabu that could always be invoked as
having spoiled the delicate charms of the
devil-devil man. But Baraka, no matter
what lack of faith he may have had in his
own wizardry, put implicit confidence in
the strange box that Williams had given
him. So he went early into the street,
swung his child’s toy and made magic.
  But it rained harder and harder.
  Baraka was an old man, and he did not
like the exertion. Moreover, he did not
like the rain. It came in torrents.
  He had committed himself so far that he
could not stop without rendering his village
a little skeptical. True, he could think up
explanations, but explanations had to be
convincing. And there were some of the
Tongans, for instance, who did not believe
in his magic. They made slighting re-
marks. Their influence was bad.
  By eleven o’clock Baraka was pretty
much disgusted. The rain swept down in
sheets. It was a cold, chilling rain, too.
  Then he saw the boats coming for shore
and towing the water-casks. He was sur-
prized. Other natives were surprized.
Here was something to be watched and
talked over. There was a flurry of excite-
ment in the village. Were they coming
to attack? Should they be attacked?
  Neither Williams nor Banoo could be
found. Nauma had been given no in-
structions concerning such an emergency,
and by nature he was—as most Samoans
are—peaceable without being cowardly.
The Tongans are somewhat the same, too,
but the Tongans are much more ready to
fight than any other peaceable folk. Per-
haps one of the reasons is that they do it
exceedingly well. But the Gopassans were
very much in doubt as to what to do, and
moreover, Baraka, who held “peace” or
“war” in any one of the gourds he cared to
peep into, remembered the amazing wealth
that had been showered on him the after-
noon before by the generous Jackson.
  In some respects the native is much like
everybody else. His appetite for wealth,
if he is at all avaricious, as devil-devil men
always are, grows by what it is fed on. In
some other respects the native is exceed-
ingly peculiar. He buys children to raise
as his own from the bushmen with whom
he has an inveterate feud, yet bushmen and
women come into the coastal marts and
purchase salt and—if they eat it—fish-
136
Adventure
   In some places fish are regarded with as
much repugnance by bushmen as human
flesh by Eurojjeans. If a party of natives
board a trading-ship and one of them is killed
while trying on his own initiative to murder
the trader, the others are likely as not
to go on bartering as if nothing had
happened. Such incidents have occurred
time and again. The unfortunate native
aspired to win distinction and failed. It
was his own lookout.
  So it may be seen that their attitudes
may not be judged by white men's logic.
Anti in this respect it may not be amiss to
here mention the obscure sentence tucked
away in a little-known book that has con-
tributed enormously to the success of the
British Empire. In his Majesty’s “Hints
to Young Officers on Out Stations,” it is
specifically pointed out that natives are
not “inferior” to white men but merely
different.
   Out of his long experience with natives,
Willerby knew that they were just about
as likely to greet him in a trading spirit
as with clubs. Nobody had been killed
the night before; there was nothing to
have engendered a special feeling of bitter-
ness. He rather expected that Williams
would make trouble, but that was a chance
he had to take if he wished to make trouble
for Williams. And he had come prepared.
In the day his white men were easily the
superiors of the blacks as rifle-shots, and
moreover he was in a way protected from
the ship by the brass cannon, the roar of
which carried much farther than its missile.
   He did not head for the jetty but for the
stream, and the boats came stern-on to
shore and waited. For some minutes not
a native appeared, though everybody knew
the bush was full of them. Whether they
were to announce their presence with a
volley followed by howls or would come
slipping forward timidly with coconuts and
chickens for trade, was to be seen.
   Presently a native edged into sight and
stood waiting. He took that more or less
risky method of finding out whether or not
the white men would shoot at him. But
Jackson stood up and greeted him with
shouts of welcome and waved a bottle of
whisky to show friendliness. Other natives
came out. They were urged to come closer
but were hesitant. They were unarmed,
which meant that they had left their arms
in the bush some ten or twenty feet away.
   Jackson and W'illerby climbs out and
 started wading up the beach. Behind them
 rifles were held just below the gunwales,
 ready in an instant to fire if needed.
   Jackson and Willerby carried whisky,
 tobacco and fish-hooks. They came up
 to the sand and waited, holding out pres-
 ents but insisting that the natives come for
 them. An animal-trainer requires less pa-
 tience than a irader. The. natives stood
 and looked, now would take a step forward,
 now retreat two, now squat, then stand,
 walk three or four paces nearer, stop, go
 backward and sit down.
   Both white men swore feelingly, but they
 knew it was part of the game and so wore
 their friendliest smiles and never ceased
 gestures of welcome and generosity.
   And it rained, rained, rained.
   Then Baraka came out. He showed that
 he remembered Jackson, called to him
 and stood looking hungrily toward the
 bottle that Jackson carried.
   “Hi, old boy, you fellow come catch
him? Jackson shouted.
   “You no catch’em for shippy?” asked
Baraka, inquiring whether or not Jackson
was after labor recruits.
   Baraka himself stood in no fear of being
 nabbed by a blackbirder. He was too old.
 But the others were much disturbed about
 that. And long ago both Baraka and
 Chief Ghorki had forgotten what Williams
 had said about there being trouble if the
 natives welcomed the Bebe.
   “No, no,” Jackson expostulated. “Him
 missionary shippy,” waving a broad hand
 toward the Bebe. “No catch ’em black boys.
 Give whiky, temback—plenty whiky.”
   There was nothing incongruous to native
 minds in that. Gopassans knew of mission-
 aries only by the vaguest reports. Good
 people, but foolish. Throughout the South
 Seas the missionaries are called foolish,
 even when influential. The Samoan word
 for missionary is “afoolaAnd mission-
 aries w'ere often—perhaps are yet—im-
 personated by blackbirders.
   “Come catch him,” Jackson finished.
   ‘'Him,” “fellow,” “plenty,” “catch” and
 “quick,” aided by pantomime, pretty well
 dispenses with all interpreters. The na-
 tives readily leam fragments of English;
 they will under pressure leam a little of the
 “oui cmi'’ as they call French, but it is as
 if there were a taboo on all German
 words. They will not or can not leam them.
Savages
137
  Baraka came forward carrying his child’s
rattle.
   “Here, old boy, get a little o’ this m you.
said Jackson, opening the bottle and hand-
ing it to Baraka, who promptly drank long
and deep, coughing and spluttering over the
fiery liquor but delighted.
  Other of the natives edged closer. More
bottles were opened. Tobacco was dis-
tributed. Fish-hooks were handed around.
A new supply of gifts was brought from the
boat. The natives were thick about them.
  “Come to shippy—any time—plenty
whiky,” said the generous Willerby as he
passed out gifts with both hands. “But
no Williams, no Williams boys. No. Bad!”
  The unutterable “badness” of Williams
was conveyed by Willerby’s face and
gestures rather than by liis words.
  “That a he!” said a shrill voice, high-
pitched in rage.
  Jackson and Willerby looked around and
saw a beautiful native girl, poised in anger,
flashing her dark eyes upon them.
WILLERBY had been long in the
tropics. He had seen hundreds,
thousands of native girls and been
susceptible to the charms of many. But
at that moment he thought Uala the most
beautiful of any he had ever seen. It wras
nol true perhaps. Beauty, like other things
that have superlatives, is comparative, and
the lithe Samoan belle was resplendent
among the flat-featured women of the
Solomons—blacker of skin than the Poly-
nesians and often, even when not in mourn-
ing, plastered with lime.
  “Oh ho!” said Willerby.
  “Whew!” Jackson commented.
  “That a lie!” Uala repeated. “Misser
Williams good man!”
  “Full o’ fire!” said Willerby admiringly.
  Fie cast about for some present that
would be agreeable to feminine vanity, but,
when he looked up, Uala was gone. And
she had disobeyed Nauma by going within
speaking-distance of the Bebe men, but
the story she carried to his ears somewhat
palliated the offense: Bebe men were making
Gopassans fool drunk and telling them
Williams was bad man; much trouble
would come sure, and she hoped yaws,
cramps, bad dreams and sharks would get
every last one of the Gopassans!
  Willerby did not lose sight of his main
purpose: to poison the natives with whisky
and words; also to find out what he could
about Williams, where his ship was and
anything else of the kind that might be
of value. But, familiar with native lore, he
did not forget Uala when he added pay to
generosity to get Baraka to make him a
love-charm.
  In no place in the world, as among the
Solomons, are love or any other charms so
effective. Let a native know' that a witch-
doctor has prepared a “ghost-shooler”
against him, and that native will die. Let
a woman see a love-charm, made with devil-
devil magic, in the hands of a suitor, and,
though she be the wife of a chief, she will
yield. What the chief may afterward do
to her, to her lover or, if a bold chief, to the
wizard, is none of her concern. She would
no more think of resisting the charm than
of entering a tambu house. It simply is
not done, and that is all there is to it.
  Willerby’s big red face beamed with
pleasure as the natives grew drunk and
noisy. He began to have hopes that
Williams might be killed—scuppered—and
toward that end gave broad hints, together
with pledges of valuable friendship. He
was well pleased with his work and made
Baraka well pleased with his attentions.
He made sport of the child’s rattle, told
him Williams had given him a “woman’s
toy” as an insult to the great devil-devil
spirits and, truthfully enough, tliat it
could not possibly affect the sun.
  No. Willerby promised to give Baraka
information concerning the weather from
day to day and not to insult the devil-
devil spirits by presents of a “woman's toy.”
And Baraka was to make a love-charm and
give it to Uala, telling her that she could
not resist the affection of Willerby. It was
not usual for the wizard to have the suitor
present the charm by proxy, but Willerby
thought in this instance it was advisable.
He did not care to remain until Baraka
was sober enough to dabble with the magic
from his gourds.
  The casks were filled, the full supply of
gifts distributed, and Willerby and his
party returned to the ship.
  As Willerby came on deck, flushed and
pleased, he was met by Lania, who, clear-
eyed and fresh, carefully dressed, was alone
under the awning, waiting. He forgot all
about the dusky Uala. Lania was incom-
parable, and she then showed a spirit, a
vivacity which Willerby could not see was
138
Adventure
forced but which had been markedly
lacking in her for some time. If Lania
had done as she wished, she would have gone
to her couch and wept: she was torn and
liarassed as she had never been.
  No woman is ever her real self—or dis-
plays it—except in intense anger. She
wears robe over robe, herself unaware of
the number that clothe her nakedness.
Sometimes in the ecstasy of her first love
she will very nearly bare her soul, but for
her second and third, and after, she is dis-
guised as an actress. And Lania was old
in the ways of the world, and like all
women who are—being more so than even
the tender, wide-eyed maidens—she was
heart-hungry. But, being cynical-minded,
knowing men and women, too, she was, or
thought she was, wholly disillusioned.
  Disillusionment, often as not, merely sub-
stitutes one illusion for another. She hated
Willerby; she hated Paul DuBeque; she
hated all whom she knew. She thought
it was love—deep, passionate, binding
love—she wanted: love that would anguish
her with intense delights. Women know
and always have known what psycho-
logists have only lately revealed to men:
that delight is edged with pain. Women
are the more passionate; and “passion,” as
the etymologists will tell all who ask means
literally “a state of suffering.” Lania
wanted love that would hurt; “true love”
it is called often by women who merely
misname “novelty.”
  Women have so many various textured
and colored vestments about their naked
desires that not even in sincerest moments
can they distinguish between what they
try to conjure to them and what they really
want.
  Lania had been loved. She could not
remember the times her face had been
lighted by men whose passions for her
burned them up. She had never loved
Willerby. At times she liked him, yes.
But he was an investment, and the pleasure
got from his company was that of being his
favorite, of wearing the black pearl ear-
rings, of seeing other women envious.
  But other men had struck fire from her.
Clive Stanley—at any hour of night or day
that name streaked across her brain, Lania
felt something grip her flesh. Whatever
else may have caused that sensation, there
was fear, too. She had loved him with
flaming pa'ssion—and grown tired in time.
She always grew tired. But Clive Stanley
—she had told him how she hated her
husband; how he abused her, mistreated
her. And Stanley, the strangest man she
had ever known, brilliant, wealthy, bitter
against the world, had swept her into his
arms and carried her off.
  But, before he tarried her, he made sure
that the husband would not follow.. The
dogs of justice had followed instead. They
caught Clive Stanley and hanged him for the
murder of her husband. They had hanged
him. There was no doubt of that. But
she was still afraid of him, afraid that he
was alive. There had been something
about the man that precluded the idea of
death touching him. It was all rather
vague and superstitious, but it troubled
her dreams.
  Also there had been within easy remem-
brance Ballantyne, the son of the English
lord: that affair was only a matter of days,
tense and ending in violence. Always
something violent seemed to attend her.
He died. She fled.
yTHEN more recently there had been
another man. She had tried to,
rather than did, love him. She
told herself that she loved; perhaps all of
her life she would think that she really had:
at least she was grateful to his memory.
He had been from the world of gentlemen:
not of titles and registered blood, but of—
there is no other word to convey it—gentle-
men. Though a man of some years and
traveling, he had been innocent to believe
that one can tell enough about a woman
by looking at her, by talking to her, by
taking kisses from her mouth and—all
within a few weeks, to make her his
wife.
  Lania had married him—but not until
Paul had assured her that there were
enough reasons for believing him wealthy
to take the chance. There were times
when she really thought that she would
have married him anyway. But Paul, like
the devil’s advocate with the book of her
life under his arm. stood ever behind her
ready to read her shame aloud and more
destructively than the horns of Jericho
shattered any wall with which love—“un-
profitable” love—tried to hedge her about.
  She had gone with her husband, pleased
with his affection and joy rather than de-
lighted by her own. The feeling of security
Savages
139
and comfort charmed her at first, but, like
a sailor who has scarcely slept ashore after
riding out a typhoon before he grows weary
of land’s solid footing, so she wished that
life might be a little more lively than placid
dinners, the quiet, reserved conversation
of callers, the boredom of dull theaters.
She knew she did not belong among the
people to whom her husband had brought
her—and that they knew it, no matter
how little they might show it. And, too, she
grew aweary of her husband’s satisfaction in
moon-gazing and the quiet words and
gentleness of his love-making.
  Paul grew more weary than she of con-
ditions. He proposed a hideous relief.
With combined fright and repugnance she
had rebelled. But he had only to threaten
from the book of her life, and she grew
quiet. She did not agree; she simply
became impassive—then it was more with
that instinctive impulse to flee which
possesses all persons who have seen a wrong
done, taken even ever so passive a part in it,
than with relief and desire to be gone, that
she fled again to the vast seclusion of the
South Seas and to Willerby.
  Ever since her return she had been
inwardly discontented, more so than ever
before. Willerby was, so to speak, un-
bearable^-and Paul DuBeque more so.
She wished to be well rid of them all.
There was no way out. Money was not
lacking, but it was in Paul’s hands. With
foresighted prodigality he had seen to it
that her wardrobe was all she wished,
but there was nothing beyond that. Yet
she was yet young, full of life’s hot energies;
also, heart-hungry.
  When she had first laid her eyes on
Gilbert Lang, seen his clean, almost beau-
tiful boyish face, the gentlemanly though
youthful poise of him, vague things stirred
within her. The harder she stared at him
the less he seemed to resemble any one she
had met. He seemed so far from wherever
he belonged—so astray and alone among
the men one met around the islands.
Something about him fascinated her and
was reminiscent of something—she could
not remember what. She had not taken
her eyes from his face, and the whole of that
night she had scarcely taken her thoughts
from him—and, when she did, it had been
to think of Williams the berserker, who was
evidently closely connected with the boy.
  She feared that Paul DuBeque would not
hesitate to stick a knife into the boy, and
she knew very well that Willerby could
readily find a wav to have him dropped
overboard. But Paul was very much
concerned with his broken jaw, and Wil-
lerby, too, at the moment had other matters
on his mind.
  The next morning Paul stayed in bed.
Most of the others did, too. They sipped
coffee and rum on awakening and dozed
off again. Anything to put in the time,
to kill it. W'hen they awoke again, they
had another drink, and, when well saturated
with rum. they would get up. Lania, bored
as any, but more far-sighted, endured the
intolerable confinement of ship life without
recourse to stimulants in any such quan-
tities. She arose to a bath and a few
minutes of deep breathing, scrutinized her
face for wrinkles and plucked at the flesh
under her chin to see how distant was that
nightmare of the fleshy throat. She wasted
as much time in one way or another as the
others did in bed.
  When she came on deck, Willerby and
his boats had gone ashore. There were no
sailors left but the while boatswain and
two or three natives to man the brass
cannon in case it was needed. As usual,
there was nothing to do. There were some
Minerva Press novels scattered about, a
few paper-backed French stories, but Lania
did not care for reading. Fiction bored
"her, and anything else was not always in-
telligible. Also as usual it was raining.
  Lania stood about for some minutes; then
she hastened for the steward.
  Where, she asked carelessly as one might
inquire for anything out of idle curiosity,
was that boy?
  He was in one of the storerooms, irons on
his feet. Yes, the steward had the key.
Why had he been put there? The steward
did not know. Grogan had told him the
boy was to be kept there and the door was
to be kept locked. Certainly she could see
him.
  The steward liked Lania. Most men did.
She was beautiful.
WHEN Lania stood in the opened
door, Gilbert Lang sat on the deck,
his head dejectedly propped against
his hands. About him were boxes and bar-
rels. He had been given nothing to break
the hardness of the deck.
  He did not look up until he heard her
140
Adventure
voice saying to the steward that she would
be all right and that she would lock the
door when she left.
  Gilbert Lang remembered her. She was
the sort of a woman that is always remem-
bered: black-haired, black-eyed * a slender
oval face, long lashes and red lips; also
what might be called a multitude of hair,
black, glossy and fine. Vain as they are
of the glory, wom£n will never realize fully
until they begin clipping it how much of
their feminine distinction is due to their
hair. There never was, there never could
be, a clipped-headed sorceress. Lania’s
hair, had she worn it down, would have hung
in massive braids, and it was only by adroit
and studied arrangement that she escaped
a top-heavy appearance and made her
hair literally a crowning glory.
  Gilbert Lang with some difficulty got
to his feet.
  “You poor boy!" she said, unaffectedly.
  “What are they going to do with me?”
  “I don’t know. They are brutes!” She
was not posing.
  “Have they caught Mr. Williams?”
  “No, hardly! He—” she stopped. Then
gazing at him intently—“Would you do
what Willerby asked if he would turn you
loose?”
  He shook his head slowly, and he looked
at her with something of disappointment in
his eyes, as much as to say—
  “That is why you came!”
  “You wouldn’t? Not ii they were going
to hurt you?”
  “No.”
  “You said he was no friend of yours.
You said it two or three times.”
  “He isn’t what could be called a friend.
He hardly ever spoke to me. And some
way he seemed always angry. It made
me very uncomfortable, though I suppose
it is only his manner. He hates white men,
and I am beginning to understand why!”
“Did he hate you?” she asked.
  “I don’t know. He seemed to at times.
I suppose he does—now.”
  Gilbert Lang was thinking of how Wil-
liams had glared at him when he came upon
Uala and him under the palms.
  “Didn't any one tell you what happened
last night?”
  “What happened? No. T didn’t hear
anything. Did they get him?”
  Then Lania told of how Williams had
come on board the Bebe—and left.
  “He must be a wonder I” Gilbert Lang
exclaimed admiringly, for Lania had not
in any way minimized Williams’ blows.
  “Men call him a hurricane. How did you
come to be with him, Mr. Gilbert?”
  “Mr. Lang,” he corrected. “Gilbert
Lang.”
  Then it was as if lightning had struck
Lania. By the flash of the bolt that
stunned her she saw what it was about
Gilbert Lang that had stirred vague things
within her. They were no longer vague.
The heart-hungriness that had seemed to
pull her toward him was rather the hungri-
ness and memory of his brother, Frank
Lang. This boy was her brother by law,
and the name of Gilbert, as “that kid
brother of mine,” had often been on Frank’s
lips.
  There was scarcely a family resemblance,
for Gilbert was the more delicate, but
there was much suggestive of his mother.
Lania had sought him out largely through
restlessness and not through passion, but
within her w'as the feeling that she could
love him. Except for a certain untar-
nished youth, it w^s not because of Gilbert
Lang’s personality, but because of her own
discontent.
  He saw that she was very much agitated,
and he asked w'hat was the matter.
  Hers was a quick brain:
  “I overheard Willerby and Paul say they
would have to put Lang out of the way.
Kill him. I didn’t know that was your
name! I thought it was Gilbert. Oh,
1 won’t let them kill you! I won’t!”
  Fire flashed in Lania’s eves; her body
stiffened. She meant it. Of course, she
had overheard nothing of the kind, but,
while she had swiftly fabricated that in-
formation to cover her own agitation, she
nevertheless knew that either Paul Du-
Beque or Winston Willerby would readily
enough kill the boy. But that did not
begin to explain her attitude. There was
that deep, deep feeling of gratitude, amount-
ing to a tenderness more pervading than
any emotion she had ever called “love,”
for Gilbert Lang’s brother. He had been
a gentleman, and, though his presence was
sometimes wearisome, the memory of him,
his devotion, courtesy, worshipful inno-
cence, was dear to her.
  In retrospect she appreciated him, his
home, his father and mother, and in her
retrospective bitterness at DuBeque for
Savages
141
having robbed her of those things—much
more precious viewed from the tedious deck
of the Bebe than when they had been within
fingers’ reach—she neglected to remember,
utterly forgot and would have denied, that
she had been guiltily acquiescent in the
murder. True, there had been the book
of her life from which DuBeque threatened
to read, but, had she loved Frank Lang or
been another kind of woman, she would
have dared the harpies, given herself over
to be plucked by scandal and cast out and
have saved him from the poison which
DuBeque—her cousin, not her brother as
had been pretended under the name of
Brown—had managed to procure against
emergency from an old devil-doctor of the
Santa Cruzians—the most artful of South
Sea poisoners.
  It did not at once occur to her why
Gilbert Lang was in the South Seas. The
thing that did bear in upon her was that
this boy should not be harmed. Without
at all reasoning the matter out—women
seldom reason anything out—she flamed
up with resolution. It was as if in a
vague, chaotic way she would try to atone
for the wrong done his brother. But she
had no clear idea of doing that; she did
not even think of it. Perhaps it might be
said that she felt it.
  What women feel and what they think
do not necessarily have a logical con-
nection. The enigmatic quality in them,
intuition, that so baffles the male is like
the magic catpels of Arabian wizards and
carries them instantly from point to point.
  “Why,” asked Gilbert Lang simply but
convinced, “should they want to kill
me?”
  “Because they are that kind of men.
You hit Paul. That is reason enough for
him. And that Paul wants to do it is
reason enough for Willerby.” And she very
nearly voiced the wish, which was sincere,
that Williams had killed both!
  “But look how they treated me!”
  “Can you swim?” she asked.
  He shook his head.
  “I don’t know how you can get away
then.”
   Bui may not Williams make them give
me up? I feel awfully for saying I was no
friend of his and-”
   He can do nothing. If he comes any-
where near the ship, they will kill him.”
   But surely men don’t commit murder
like that? Isn’t there any law? Nothing?”
It was of himself as much as Williams that
he was thinking.
  “The Solomons are not like Philadelphia,
Gilbert Lang! War-ships make the laws—
and Willerby tells the officers what is right
and what is wrong, and he usually keeps
them so drunk that they believe him!”
“How did you know I came from Phila-
delphia?” he exclaimed.
  It was a perilous slip, but she did not
hesitate:
“Williams said so. I don’t remember
just how, but he mentioned it in some way.”
“I don’t think I ever told him where my
home-”
  “You must have,” she said definitely.
“Listen, I am going to bring you a revolver.
If anybody tries to hurt you, shoot! I’ll
see if it can be arranged so you can get
away.”
GILBERT LANG did not know
what to say. He was in the posi-
tion of believing her while feeling
it was unbelievable that anybody should
wish to kill him. He was grateful to her
but surprized at her intensity: she was
a stranger to him, yet there was a certain
indefinable intimacy about her, a kind of
intimate familiarity, which, combined with
her peculiarly vivid beauty, added some-
thing to his feeling of depression. Gilbert
Lang was not cast in the heroic mold;
whatever courage he may have had was
not the sort that made him a man of easy
adventures, and he had none of the facile
gallantry that carries men along dashingly
with strange women.
  He thanked her, but she seemed scarcely
to hear "him. She went away and came back
with a revolver, loaded. Lania gave it to
him, urging him not to hesitate in using it.
  She had some difficulty in not venturing
into dangerous questions. It flashed on
her as strange that Gilbert Lang should be
in the South Seas, yet she rejected the idea
that he had come to search her out. First,
she did not think it likely that she and
DuBeque had been tracked westward,
and also, being unable to imagine how little
Gilbert Lang had known of the South Seas,
she could not believe that he had come
into them, their myriad islands and great
distances, to look for her and DuBeque.
  She did ask why a boy such as he was
there.
' 41'-'
• 1
Ay
I42
Adventure
  Gilbert Lang answered evasively even
as he looked at her, wanting to say some-
thing of how his ironed ankles and the
danger from Willerby seemed merely the
persistence of the tragedy that had come
on his family.
  And she in turn could hardly repress the
name of “Alice Blown,” thinking of how
she could pretend to have known “Miss
Brown” and to have remembered “Miss
Brown’s” mentioning a Philadelphian fam-
ily of Langs. But common sense restrained
the name.
  She left after urging him again not to
hesitate to use the revolver if he saw he
was in danger. Nothing had been said
that let him know DuBeque was in any way
tied to her by blood; nothing tliat had
revealed to him her name. She seemed
a very wonderful woman. But, in thinking
of her, he thought of Uala, and to think of
the two at once was in a degree to compare
them, not critically, not appraisingly but
as one might set side by side to view at once
some piece of earthwork out of Tuscany
and porcelain out of Limoges. He flushed
at remembrance of Uala, yet the charm
of her was evoked by the flush.
  When Lania had left him, she went back
to the poop to await the return of Willerby.
She was very agitated and perturbed, know-
ing scarcely what to do—in fact, scarcely
knowing what to hope for. Then the devil
thrust a thought into her brain that thrilled
and frightened: supposing Paul DuBeque
were artfully egged on to remember his
threat against the boy and the boy killed
him! It would be the fate he deserved
and she w'ould be rid of DuBeque's spectral’ /
sinister shadow. She did not decide upon
it but nursed the thought tentatively, and
it.came to seem less revolting.
  She soon regarded it as less of her own
planning than that of Nemesis, of justice.
Those seeking desired ends through violence
always manage with more or less sincerity
to put the full responsibility to God,
Destiny or the abstraction, Justice. It
is as if something innate within most
of mankind shrinks from murder, until—
as savages with their own hands make
monstrous images which can only be
satisfied with an altar-heap of dripping
heads—they have created some idea that
not only sanctions the killing but often
commands it: vengeance, by the avenger,
anyway, is always looked upon as an un-
masked headsman who wears the insignia
of Justice.
  Lania never gave such matters as these
even a trace of thought, but by the same
psychological processes just mentioned she
arrived at the feeling that it w'ould be right
for DuBeque to die by the hand of Gilbert
Lang.
  And so almost resolved, thrilled, appear-
ing vivacious, but agitated, she stood
awaiting the coming of Willerby.
  And he came proud and boastful. He
gloated over the way he had turned Gopassa
into a drunken village, seduced Baraka
into dislike for Williams and prepared what
he thought would be death-dealing trouble
for the alien Samoans and Tongans.
                                   TO BE CONTINUED
AGENT Amy
   IBy
THIS SELL A. BOGGS
Author of “The Cool Hand”
CARRICK, superintendent of the
Northern Division of the R. S.
& T. railroad, had the reputa-
tion of being an obstinate man,
one difficult to persuade from any view
but his own, and it was said of him that
he never forgot anything, good or bad.
This being the case, it is not strange that
he should keep in mind the first dereliction
of Andy Peck, agent at Belham.
  It was in the Spring of the year 1916
that Superintendent Carrick started out
with the general manager and several
general superintendents and a number of
other officials of high and low degree on a
trip of inspection. They came to Belham
on their special train and found the station
locked and the agent absent. They waited
and fussed around for the better part of
ten minutes, the general manager and the
other high officials casting coldly question-
ing glances at the fuming Carrick and in-
quiring of one another—in distantly om-
inous voices that they made certain the
luckless superintendent would hear—what
sort of a doings was this? But no agent
came, and the inspection of the Belham
station was abandoned. The special rolled
away with its indignant passengers.
  You may be sure that a subsequent
investigation came. Oh, yes! And this
investigation brought out the' fact that,
while tie high and mighty members of the
•inspection party were wasting a precious
ten minutes in vain waiting for Andy Peck.
,lDan Kurrie's Inning," elc.
to come and let them in so they could
have a look-see, said Andy was calmly
stretched out on the chair in a barber-shop
several minutes walk distant from the
depot, receiving certain tonsorial atten-
tions.
  “You kept us waiting for that!” stormed
Carrick. “Kept us waiting while you got
a shave and a hair-cut!’'
  “And a shampoo,” corrected young Andy
with proper humility.
  His face was perfectly sober, though
inwardly he was feeling somehow mighty
pleased with himself. For this, you must
understand, was before he had met Ina,
the miller’s daughter, and learned responsi-
bility.
  “It’s the most outrageous thing I ever
heard of!” gasped the superintendent,
glaring.
  “Business was slack,” murmured the
wicked Andy. “And I didn’t know you
were coming.” He sighed. “If \rou’d only
sent me word.”
  Carrick glared some more. Send word,
indeed—and spoil the very purpose of the
inspection.
  “We’ll see!’’ he cried and pounded the
top of the desk. “We’ll lay vou off for
thirty days for this offense! And mind
this: if ever again I find you absent from
your office when you should be on duty,
I’ll discharge you completely!”
  So Andy got his thirty days. But he
didn’t care—enjoyed the enforced vacation,
144	Adventure
in fact. In those thirty days he got properly
acquainted with the folks of Belham
town—to which he hail but shortly come.
And, best of all, he met black-eyed Ina,
daughter of Duncan, the miller.
  The more he met Ina the more Andy
became convinced that this Belham job
was just the thing for him. And, as the
days passed, Ina came to agree with him.
So, by the fime Summer had gone and early
Fall had come, things between them were
pretty well settled.
  “There’s Lane’s little bungalow,” he
said one evening. “It’ll be empty the first
of November.”
  “Well—” she hesitated, coloring prettily.
  “Set the day,” he insisted.
  “Well—yes, all right!” She placed her
hand on his arm. “Just give me a day
or two to decide, Andy,” she said—just
like a woman.
BUT the very next afternoon Super-
intendent Carrick dropped off a
slowly moving freight as it passed
Belham depot. He tried the waiting-room
door; it was unlocked, and he entered.
He tried the office door; it was locked.
  He rattled the knob of the office door
vigorously. No response. He peered in
through the glass of the closed ticket
window. No one in sight. He went
outside and peered through the front office
window, where he had a complete view of
the interior. No person was within.
  “Ah, ha!” said Carrick and went back
into the silent waiting-room and seated
himself.
  A half-hour passed. No agent. Forty-
five minutes. Still no agent. The super-
intendent rose, stumped out of the building
and started to walk down the track.
  On a short siding just west of the station
stood six camp-cars, the quarters of the
members of the steel gang, at present la\*ing
steel rail near Belham, and all colored—
brought from the South during the past
Summer. As Carrick was passing one of
the cars, he heard voices speaking behind
its closed door. He paused.
  “I don’ know, Mistuh Agent,” said one
speaker. “ ‘Steamboat,’ he say-”
  “Don’t you listen to Steamboat,” cut
in the unmistakable voice of Agent Andy
Peck. “You listen to me. I’m telling
you the truth.”
  Carrick waited for no more. He shoved
  that door open with a bang. Seated on
the edge of a wooden bunk were two colored
men—one with a bandaged foot, the other
with a wrapped-up hand. On a soap-box
opposite them sat Andy.
  “Is this where you spend your time now?”
asked Carrick grimly.
  The agent looked a little dismayed.
 “I can explain—” he began.	•
  “Come out here,” interrupted the super-
intendent. “I’ve something to say to
you.”
  The agent descended from the car and
followed Carrick. Out of earshot of the
big-eyed colored men the superintendent
stopped and faced Peck.
  “You remember what I told you last
Spring,” he said firmiy to the agent.
“You ve been absent from your office for
at least forty-five minutes this afternoon.
I know, because I was at the station waiting.
You’re done—fired.”
  “But you ought to let me explain,”
remonstrated Andy. “I was working for
the interests of the R. S. & T. when I was
in that camp-car just now.”
  “Likely!’’ scoffed Carrick.
  Peck flushed.
  “Yes, sir,” jje affirmed steadily. “These
steel gang boys are threatening to quit and
go back South. They’re worrying about
the coming Winter up North here—afraid,
if they stay, they’ll freeze. One of the gang
is egging the others to go—a fellow they
call Steamboat Jackson. I’ve been trying
to queer his efforts and persuade them to
stay; that’s why I was talking to those two
men when you came.”
  Carrick listened incredulously until Andy
finished his tale.
  “Bosh!” he snapped.
  “It’s the truth,” declared Andy.
  He kept his mind fixed on Ina and thus
was able to choke back the hot words
that surged to his lips.
  “No matter,” said Carrick shortly. <fI
don’t believe they’ll leave—and, even if
they should, it’s none of your affair. Your
business was to stay in your office and take
care of tilings there. Anyhow, you re
done. I’ll have a man here in a couple of
days to relieve you.”
  Andy saw it was useless to talk any fur- v
ther to the headstrong superintendent.
  “Very good,” he said.
  Turning on his heel, he walked toward
the depot.
Agent Andy
145
n
yIT WAS that very Thursday eve-
ning that Track Supervisor Quinn,
of the maintenance-of-way depart-
ment, entered the superintendent’s office
at Wharton, division headquarters, twenty
miles east of Belham.
  “I don’t know,” said Quinn to Carrick
abruptly, “but I’m afraid our colored steel
gang is not going to stick with us. Now
that there’s a nip of frost in these Fall morn-
ings, they’re getting restless; their thoughts
are turning back to their sunny South.”
  Carrick looked up quickly. Recollection
of what Agent Peck had said that afternoon
flashed through his head.
  “You think so?” he said, frowning.
  “Yes,” returned 'Quinn. “They’ve an
exaggerated idea of the severity of our
Northern Winter. That’s one trouble.
And another is that they’re continually
being stirred up by the more shiftless,
restless spirits among them—by one man
named Steamboat, especially. If we only
could discreetly eliminate both troubles!”
  More confirmation of what Peck had
said. Carrick’s face grew more dour.
But no difference, he decided; Relief Agent
Manott had already been instructed to
relieve Peck the coming Monday. And,
anyway, these agents ought to learn their
place; Peck had not been called on to take
a hand with the steel gang.
  “That agent at Belham was saying some-
thing along the same line,” he observed
aloud, however.
  “Andy Peck,” said Quinn. “Yes, he
knows. Good boy; been trying to keep ’em
straight. It will be little less than a calamity
for us if we can’t hold them,” he went on.
“Now that practically all the foreigners
have gone back to the old countries to get
in the big mix-up over there—and even
those who didn’t have entered the mills
and factories—our last reserve, our last
hope, is the colored labor from the South.
You’ve said yourself that we absolutely
must get this new rail laid to stand the
heavy traffic that’s coming this Winter and
next ^ Spring. The old steel that we’re
replacing is done for, as you know. If we
should be compelled to try to make it stand
up under the demand that will be made
upon it, we’re going to be left in a sad
state.”
  Carrick knew that this was sober truth.
 10
But he refused to be convinced that the
steel gang situation was serious.
  “It’s probably just talk,” he said. “I
don’t believe they’ll actually go.”
  “I’m afraid of it,” persisted Quinn.
“However, I believe that, if we could
eliminate the uneasy element that keeps
the others in a state of unrest, we could
calm their fears about the coming cold
weather. But the eliminating would have
to be done in a most diplomatic manner.
The whole gang is at the skittish point,
ready to jump at the first move that looks
suspicious to them. If we fire one and he
goes, the entire crowd goes. That’s the
way I figure it.”
  “Well,” said Carrick, “what are you going
to do about it?” It was plain that he still
was skeptical about the supervisor’s fears.
  “I'm stumped,” said Quinn glumly.
“I’m worried sick about the whole busi-
ness.” He walked toward the door. “And
I’m expecting there’ll be some sort of a
crisis within the next few days, too.”
  “Oh, bother!” said Carrick. “It’s prob-
ably nothing. But, if you really are
alarmed, do whatever you think best.”
  “I would,” said Quinn, “if I only knew
what was best. I’m trying to think up
something.”
  He went out.
m
THE steel gang was holding forth
down at the far edge of the station
platform, gathered in a ring at the
edge of the circle of light made by the single
platform lamp there.
  The early October moon tipped the
eastern hills. The evening still was warm
after the balmy windless day. By morning
the colored men might be shivering under
Jack Frost’s caress, but tonight their hearts
were light. The reason was simple. The
coming Saturday, less than forty-eight
hours away, would be pay-day. So now,
this Thursday evening, by turns they
clogged, buck-and-winging with fantastic
and grotesque shufflings of the feet, the on-
lookers applauding with boisterously en-
thusiastic cries. At frequent intervals their
voices rose in song—wonderfully har-
monious, vibrate with natural melody.
  Andy Peck, having nothing much to do
just then but wait until the last evening
passenger-train, No. 73<should arrive, stood
146
Adventure
in Lhe waiting-room doorway and for a time
dispiritedly watched the merrymaking down
at the far end of tlie freight house. lie
certainly was feeling blue.
AFTER supper he had stopped
in at Duncan’s before returning
to Lhe station. Ina had met him
at Lhe door. By his expression she imme-
diately perceived that he brought bad news.
  “Our wedding is off—for a while!” he
blurted out. “i’ve been fired.”
  “Oh, Andy!” she faltered. “How? Why?”
Into her sympathetic ears he quickly
poured his sad tale.
  “The nasty old thing!” she said in-
dignantly when he had finished. “I’d just
like to get my fingers in his hair a minute;
I'd shake some sense into him!”
  It is indicative of Andy’s extreme misery
that he did not even smile at that—the
superintendenl’s crown being so devoid of
hair that it would have been impossible to
get anything approximating a grasp of it.
  “I was looking at Lane’s bungalow, too,”
she continued. “Just this afternoon. -It’s
-—it’s the dearest little house.” She put
her face close to his. “Couldn’t we—
couldn’t we be married anyway, Andy?”
“We could,” he replied, “but we won’t.
Not till I get a job.”
  “You could find one afterward,” she said.
“I’ll find one first,” he had answered,
and forthwith he had lorn himself away.
  For, despite his firmness, he felt himself
weakening, and that, he felt, was a poor
tiling to do under the circumstances.
IN CONSEQUENCE Andy now
brooded in the doorway of the
station while he contemplaled the
steel gang. Presently he strolled
toward them, found a spike keg
lying near the side of the freight house,
up-ended it and sat down just outside the
circle of light. One “Memphis Joe” was
performing at the time. Directly Mem-
phis—as he was called for short—cut a
final figure in his clog and concluded his
whirl.
  “ ’Nough!” he cried and dropped down
against the freight house, close to where
Andy sat.
  Cries now arose for “Steamboat! Steam-
boat!” Faces were turned expectantly
toward the side of the ring directly opposite
the agent.
lively
down
  “Git in, Steamboat! Hit ’er up!”
  “Shake dem feeL, Steamboat!”
  “Show us-all whut you got!”
  But Sleamboat Jackson, burly and tall
and extremely black, morosely shook his
head. Of all the crowd he was Lhe single
man—besides Andy—who appeared down-
hearLed.
  “No, suli!” he said, a trace of sullenness
in his voice.
  “Come on, Steamboal! Be a spobt!”
“No, suh!” reiteratedSleamboat. “Don1
boLher me!”
  Thereupon, perceiving that Steamboat
was not Lo be moved, anoLher aspiranl for
acclaim stepped to the center. Agent Andy
leaned over toward Memphis Joe.
  “What’s the matler with. Steamboat,
Memphis?”
  “Don’ know, Mistuh Agent. Steamboat,
he’s had a grouch on all day. He didn’
go ouL with the gang—didn’ help lay no
rail a-lall today.”
  “Sore at Lhe foreman?”
  Memphis Joe shook his head.
  “No, I don’ Lhink so. Don’ know jest
whul ’tis.”
  “Maybe he's worrying about the coming
cold weather,” suggesied Andy. “Maybe
he wants to Lravel SouLh?”
  “Thai mighl be." agreed Memphis. “I
heard him say no col’ weather wasn’t goin’
ketch him up here. He’s blowed that,
w'en he did go South ag'in, he’s goin’ well-
heeled—with his pockels full ’nough to
keep him ’thout workin’ till nex’ Spring.”
“And he hasn’l got the money yet, eh?”
“No, suh! Jest this minute I bet Steam-
boat ain’t got ’nough in his jeans to take
him half-way back Lo Mcksburg, whar he
come from.”
  “Well, day afler tomorrow is pay-day,”
observed Andy. “He’ll gel some ihen.”
“He’ll draw ’bout the same as me for
the las’ two weeks,” replied Memphis.
“ ’Bout forty dollars. An’ forty dollars
ain’t goin’ keep no man over Winter.”
“That’s right,” assenled Peck. “So
then, if Steamboat goes back soon, it looks
like his blow was no good?”
  “Sure do! An’ say,'Boss, I liadn’
thoughl of ii much before, bul I’ll bet you’ve
done hi I il! I’ll bet that’s whut is puttin’
Steamboal in sech a stedy. He wants that
money so’s he kin hole up this Winter down
in Vicksburg—an’ he ain’t got it! An’,
whut’s mo’, he ain’t li’ble to gil il fore col’
Agent Andy
147
weather comes, an’, w’en col’ weather does
come, he don’ want to be here! ’
  “I understand Steamboat wants the rest
of you boys to go back with him? said
Andy abruptly.
  Memphis shifted uneasily.
  “I’ve heerd some talk,” he admitted.
“Steamboat’s been tellin’ stuff.’’
  “He’s talking through his hat,” said
Andy. And then, as Memphis kept silent,
he added, “They tell me Steamboat is a
bad actor when he gets going good?”
Memphis cast a wary glance at the
sullen, glum Steamboat.
  “ ’Deed, Mistuh Agent, that’s right!
W’en Steamboat starts to spread hisself,
other folks jest sort o’ ease back! They do
if they’s* wise.”
  No. 73’s whistle sounded far up the track.
Andy Peck rose from his keg.
  “Well, it looks like hard luck for Steam-
boat; I guess he'll have to stay here or else
go without hi3 roll.”
  Memphis Joe also got up. He dropped
his voice carefully.
  “It does,” he agreed. “But I b’lieve he’s
goin’—roll or no roll. I’se only hopin’,
though, that, if he does go, he goes ’thout
raisin’ no ruckus like he done las’ pay-day.
If he does start a ruckus, it’s dead sure all
the rest or us colored boys goin’ to leave
whether we was aimin’ to or not.”
  No. 73’s deep whistle drowned out any
reply Andy might have attempted. He
hurried toward his baggage truck.
IV
          V
fajj ON FRIDAY afternoon Steamboat
imui Jackson, sprawled in the sunshine
just around a protected corner of
the depot building, heard a rapid put-put up
the tracks. A quick glance in that direc-
tion revealed to him that the sound was
made by Supervisor Quinn’s motor speeder
as it swiftly drew nearer the station.
Steamboat quickly decided it might be
best not to let the supervisor see him lying
around the depot instead of being out
laying rails with the rest of the steel gang.
Not that Steamboat cared much—but it
would save useless talk.
  At once the colored man rose and slunk
around to the back of the depot building,
it being too late for him to regain the shelter
of the string of camp-cars that the
steel gang used. He paused near the
rear window of the agent’s little office.
  The supervisor’s speeder drew up to the
station and stopped. Stepping off,,• Quinn
lifted the wheels from the rails and rolled
the speeder back from the tracks. Then
he entered the station, going into the office
where Andy Peck sat at his desk, com-
pleting his daily accounts. As the after-
noon was rather warm, the agent had
slightly raised the rear office window for
ventilation. The voices of Peck and Quinn
carried out clearly to the squatting Steam-
boat.
  “Hello, Andy!” said Quinn. “How’re
things today?”
  “Poor,” responded the agent. “Rotten!”
This was so different from the usually
blithe Andy’s speech that the supervisor
stared in surprize.
  “Why?” he exclaimed. “What’s the
trouble?”
  “Been canned,” jerked out Andy. “Yes-
terday—by the right honorable Mr. Car-
rick. Am waiting now for the relief man;
expect he’ll get here about Monday.”
“Tell me about it,” pressed Quinn.
  Peck did. When he was through, the
supervisor whistled softly.
  “The dickens!” he said. ^He was silent
a moment. “Of course, I can’t say much—
but you know how I feel.”
  “Thanks,” replied Andy. “But let’s talk
about something else. What’s on your
own mind today?”
  “Trouble, too,” said Quinn. “Nothing
but trouble. I’m trying to fix a way to
get these steel gangers to stick with us.
Foreman Walsh tells me there’s open talk
among the men that most of them are going
to leave right after they get their pay to-
morrow. It’s that Steamboat fellow who’s
prodding them to it.”
  “I know they’re nervous,” said Andy.
“As 1 told the old man yesterday, I was
down in that camp-car doing a little pro-
paganda stuff. But he couldn’t see it.”
  “I understand,” said Quinn warmly.
“I appreciate what you’ve done, even if he
doesn’t.” He paused. “If we could only
eliminate that Steamboat without scaring
the others off, I believe we could hold ’em.
Just now it looks as if his influence over
them was great enough to get them to do
what he wants. But, if we could get rid
of him in the right way or could overcome
his influence in some manner, I believe
they’d stay here.”
148
Adventure
  “Have you anything in mind?"
  “Oh, I have a little scheme,” answered
Quinn, “but I’ll admit I have my doubts
of its success. Anyway, that's my chief
reason for coming to see you today."
  “Let's hear about it,” urged Andy.
  “It’s just this. We’re going to try a
little psychology on the steel gangers—
going to pay them in cash tomorrow instead
of with the usual checks. A bunch of bills
in a colored man's hand looks a lot bigger
to him than a little slip of paper, even if
the paper is worth as much."
  “I see," said Peck. “You're figuring
that, when a man sees all that ready cash
in his fist and realizes that he can get as
much more every two weeks if he stays on
the job. he’s not going to be so ready to
leave right off.”
  “Exactly," stated the supervisor. “You
can see for yourself, though, that it’s not
much to base our hopes on. But we’re
going to give it a trial."
  “How you going to pay them?" asked
Andy.
  “That’s where you come in," answered
Quinn. “We’re going to send a special pay-
roll out to you and let you do it."
  “But how about the money?" questioned
Andy. “Where’s it to come from?”
  At this question the attentive Steamboat
pricked up his ears.
  “That’ll come with the pay-roll sheets,”
replied Quinn. His words reached Steam-
boat distinctly. “Sheets and money will
be done up in a package and will reach
you tonight on No. 73. That’ll give you
a chance to go over it and get things
lined up befefre the men call tomorrow
morning. The money will be in bills—
about three thousand dollars.”
  A sort of gentle sigh escaped Steamboat.
Three thousand dollars! Many, many
times the amount that would keep him in
comfort, in luxury, over Winter. To-
morrow he’d draw around forty dollars.
That forty dollars, plus seven dollars and
thirty cents—the latter amount almost
wholly the result of a recent lucky session
at craps—represented his total assets.
Steamboat sighed deeply again. Three
thousand dollars! He hearkened once more
to the conversation within the office.
  “All right,” Agent Peck was saying.
“Let it come. I’ll do my best—even though
the old man has given me the can. I
haven’t any safe here, though, to keep
the money in overnight. And there’s no
bank in town.”
  “Take it home with you?”
  “No,” objected Andy. “That’d throw
me responsible if the stuff should dis-
appear.”
  There was silence for a moment. Then
Quinn spoke:
  “in that case, then, I expect the only
thing to do will be to conceal it some
place here in the office. It ought to be safe
enough, especially as no one else needs to
know it’s here."
  “It ought to be," assented Andy. “Any-
way, that’s what I'll have to do.”
  “Sure, it’ll be all right,” said Quinn.
He walked toward the door. “Well, I’ll
have to be moving along. Hasn’t been
any trouble since last pay-day, has there?
Men behaving?”
  “No; no trouble since,” replied Andy.
“The colored boys are doing as well as
could be expected, I guess.”
  “Just what did happen last time?” asked
Quinn. “I never did hear precisely, and
I’ve been wanting to ask you. Trouble
with the townfollc, wasn't it?”
  “Yes. A few of the steel gangers got a
little too much gin and made some excite-
ment up-town. 1 wasn’t there myself,
but the next day I heard there’d been
threats made. Some of the white folks
were for coming down here and cleaning
out the camp-cars. I heard they claimed
they’d do it if the colored men started
anything again.”
  “That’s the deuce of it—when they get
a little booze!” said Quinn. “Well, let’s
trust they’ll behave. But, if anything
should break loose, you wire to head-
quarters, and we’ll get some of our raiJroad
cops out here quick. A man can’t fool with
that sort of thing. No telling.”
  “All right,” responded Andy. “But I
guess there’s not much danger. Mostly
hot air, I expect.”
  “Hope so,” said the supervisor. “But
don’t take any chances. So long. I'll
drop in tomorrow and see how things are
working out.”
       V
IT WrAS shortly after dark Friday
evening when Andy Peck stepped
around the end of the station to get
the baggage truck there and pull it out to
the front, ready for No. 73’s arrival. Loud
Agent Andy
149
laughter and singing came from most of the
camp-cars that stood on the siding west
of the station. The car that stood nearest
to the depot was that wherein Steamboat
Jackson and some of his special cronies
abode. Andy paused and listened for a
few moments. From this last car came
the loudest of the sounds—and the sounds
were neither those of laughter nor singing.
High, declamatory voices sounded there,
and the words that floated out were plenti-
fully besprinkled with oaths.
  A voice came from the rear comer of the
station, close at hand/
  “Mistuh Agent!”
 “Yes?” answered Andy. The voice,
though low-pitched, was unmistakably that
of Memphis Joe. “What is it, Memphis?”
“Step over close here, please. I don’
want none them other steel gangers see me
talkin’ to you.”
  Wondering, Andy moved over into the
gloom of the corner.
  “What’s the matter, Memphis?”.
“Mistuh Agent, I don’ like the way
that Steamboat man is actin’!” Memphis
spoke with swift earnestness. “He’s done
got sev’ral bottles gin some’eres, an’ he’s
been settin’ up the drinks to that crowd
of his in his camp-car. They all cert’nly
been talkin’ high an’ free this las’ hour or
so. I been listenin’.”
  “I was trying to hear them myself just
now,” said Peck. “What they talking
about, Memphis—you know?”
  “They’s aimin’ to make big trouble,
Mistuh Agent—an’ that’s a fact! Some
folks, white an’ colored, bound to git hurt
if Steamboat’s crowd do whut they’s
blowin’!”
  “And what’s next?”
  “Whut I tol’ you las’ night—like Steam-
boat an’ his gang done up at Scanlon’s
s’loon las’ pay-day. They’s blowin’ they’s
goin’ back up there tonight an’ make the
townfolks stan’ round!”
  “You don’t say!” exclaimed Andy. “But
do you think they’ll really try it?”
  Memphis spoke with conviction.
  “They got lot o’ gin in ’em,” he declared.
“An’ some colored folks li’ble do most
anything w’en they gits the booze. They’ll
try it; that’s cert’n!”
  “That’s bad!" said Andy, frowning in the
darkness.
  “Yes, suh!” affirmed Memphis. “Goin’
make big trouble for lot o’ us colored folks
whut don’ want no trouble. W ’en Steam-
boat an’ his crowd goes up-town, folks
there most likely’H chase ’em back down
here to the camp-cars. Then there’ll be
a mix—an’ all colored folks’ll look alike!”
“By Jove, Memphis!” ejaculated Andy.
“I believe you’re not far wrong. First
thing we know there’ll be a race war on!”
“Yes, suh, that's jest whut I figger. But
I’se not said nothin’ yet to nobody but
you.”
  “Can’t some of you stop Steamboat and
his bunch?”
  “No, suh, boss, I’se ’fraid not. Ain’t
no colored man goin’ tackle Steamboat—
not no time, an* least of all w’en he’s
drinkin’!”
  The door of Steamboat’s car was flung
open while Andy stood considering, and a
broad beam of light shone out. A roaring
voice—Steamboat’s—reached them.
   “I’se not goin’ ’low nobod}- interfere in my
bizness! No, suh! If I want go up an’
buy me a li’l drink, tha’s my bizness, an’
ain’t no w'hite folks goin’ stop me! Can’t
nobody-”
  The door was slammed shut again, and
the roaring voice and the howls of approval
were partially shut off. Andy looked
around to where Memphis Joe had been
standing. But Memphis Joe was moving
away—a deeper shadow' in the shadow's that
lay along the side of the depot. That
roaring voice obviously had been too much
for his nerves.
  “Memphis!” called the agent.
  But Memphis paused not.
  “You do whut you kin, Mistuh Agent,”
The words floated back from the retreating
steel ganger pleadingly. “Might be yo’
could call on the company foJ help.”
  Memphis Joe faded around the far comer
of the building and was gone.
  Andy, worried and perplexed, hauled
the truck out to the front of the station
and then entered his office. He went to
the key of the train wire and called Dis-
patcher Potts, whose office was at Wharton.
   “Some of the steel gang men are threaten-
ing to make trouble tonight,” he said w’hen
the dispatcher had answered his call.
“Could you get some police officers out here
soon?”
          yes—likely,” replied Potts.
What seems to be the matter, Andy?”
“They got some booze and are showing
signs of going on the w^ar-path. Liable
15°
Adventure
to be a battle on between them and the
townfolk if things are not stopped.”
  “The devil!" said the dispatcher, plainly
aroused. “Stick there a few minutes, and
111 call you.”
  Peck waited impatiently. It was five
minutes before the dispatcher called.
  “Captain Caney of our police force was
still in his office,” spelled Potts. “He’s
gathering up several of his men, and they’ll
leave here on a special, likely a light engine,
inside of ten or fifteen minutes. That
means they should get to Belham inside of
forty-five minutes.”
 “Good!” said Andy. “They’ll be
needed.”
  “We got hold of Superintendent Carrick
and Supervisor Quinn, too. They’ll be on
the special. No actual trouble yet, is
there?”
  Peck held the key open a few seconds.
So Carrick was coming. He wondered
if the superintendent still considered what
the steel gang did as none of his—Andy’s—
affair. He thought of Ina and his spoiled
wedding-day, and his jaw set grimly.
When he came, the old man better not say
much, or he might hear something.
  He tapped the key again.
  “No,” he said to Potts, “but it’s liable
to break soon, judging by the signs. Tell
’em to hit the ball.”
  “They sure will. Hold the gang down,
if you can, till they come and keep me
posted as much as possible.”
  “I will,” promised Andy. “Good-by—
here comes 73.”
  He dashed out of the station as the train
drew in and pulled his truck up to the
express-car door. Several small boxes of
express matter were unloaded, and then
the messenger handed Peck a sealed
package.
  “Here’s a package the W'harton people
told me to be sure to get to you tonight,”
said the man in the express-car. “Sign
here.”
  Andy signed the messenger’s book, and
the train departed. lie ran the truck
around the station, dumped the boxes into
the wareroom and then reentered the office,
the sealed package under his arm. It
was, he knew, the package containing the
pay-roll sheets and the money with which
the steel gang was to be paid.
  As Andy entered the office, an unseen
pair of eager eyes, outside, watched him
closely through the rear office window.
The furtive, glistening eyes saw the agent
place the package on his desk and examine
it for a moment. But the agent’s next move
was not so pleasing. Stepping to the front
of the office, Peck pulled down the shades
of the two windows there and then moved
to the one rear window and pulled down
that shade.
   The silent watcher in the darkness outside
moved back as Peck approached the last
window, and he muttered in disappointment
as the blind was lowered. Fortune, though,
seemed to favor him, for near the bottom
there was a small slit in the worn, thread-
bare shade. Quickly the watcher applied
an eye opposite the slit. He muttered
triumphantly; he could see in.
  The shades drawn, Peck approached the
stationery cupboard that stood against
the wall at one side of the office, opened
the doors of it and from a shelf took a
stack of large envelopes. Next he took
the sealed package, shoved it to the back
of the shelf and replaced the envelopes
where the)' had been. Then he dosed the
cupboard doors.
  That done, Andy glanced at the office
clock. It had been 8:05 when he talked to
the dispatcher. It was 8:20 now; the
special should be on its way. He went to
the key and called.
   “Has the special started?” he asked Potts.
  “Just pulled out.51 answered the man
who ran the trains. “Things all right yet?”
  “Yes, as far as I know,” replied Andy.
“I’m going up-town now and see how
affairs are developing. Will try to get back
here soon and report.”
\T
      THERE was a perfect buzz of
excitement around Scanlon's Hotel
as Andy Peck drew near. The hotel
stood on the main street between the post-
office and a general store and was several
squares from the depot. The barroom was
a long room at one side of the building.
On the street corners near-by different
small groups of Belham citizens stood,
talking low and seriously and eying the
window's of the saloon.
   As Peck approadied the side door of the
barroom, the door was pushed open from
the outside and a man went in—Steamboat.
Andy was a little surprized, because he
Agent Andy
151
had supposed that Steamboat and his
crowd were already all within; their camp-
car had been dark and silent when he left
the station. He stepped to the door him-
self, pushed it open an inch or so and put
his eye to the opening.
  Standing lined up along one end of the
bar were half a dozen of Steamboat’s
fellow steel gangers. Steamboat was just
joining them, and they were greeting him
with noisy sallies. At the other end of the
bar stood “Big” Noonan, an oil-well driller
and Bclham’s cock-of-the-walk. Near him
stood five or six other town men, all of
them watching the steel gangers and
muttering to one another, their faces
frowning, their eyes unfriendly. In back
of the bar was Scanlon’s barkeeper, plainly
ill at ease.
  “Give us all li’l drink o’ gin. white man!”
called Steamboat to the barkeeper.
The words, as he uttered them, were
deliberately offensive. There was a slur
to them, an innuendo on the “white man.”
The barkeeper hesitated, glancing at the
frowning faces of Big Noonan and his men.
Steamboat swaggered closer to the bar.
“Step ’long, white man!” he said loudly.
“Whut you ’fraid ’bout?”
  The barkeeper’s face flushed; he took
up a bottle from the array behind him.
  Andy tarried no longer at the door.
He let it swing to, went around to the
front and entered the hotel office. From
an inner room Proprietor Scanlon himself
entered the office as Peck stepped in. His
face was anxious; its ruddy glow was a
shade paler than usual.
  “Scanlon!” exclaimed Peck. “Just the
man I want. You must refuse to give
those colored men out there any more
booze!”
  He jerked his thumb toward the door that
led from the office into the barroom.
  Scanlon shook his head.
  “I’d like to, Peck, but I’m more afraid
to refuse than to give it to them. They’ve
been acting ugly ever since they came in.”
“But they'll only get worse if they keep
on with the stuff!" remonstrated Peck.
“First thing you know there’ll be a riot
on! Remember how it started before!”
  “I know!” exclaimed Scanlon. He threw
up his hands. “But I can’t-”
  A shout interrupted him—a shout that
came from the barroom. Mingled with it
was the crash of breaking glass. Then a
roar arose, deeper shouts, and the sound
of shattering glass was redoubled.
  “My -!” cried Scanlon. “Listen to
that!”
  Andy leaped for the barroom door and
swung it open, Scanlon close behind.
The barroom was filled with the furious
clashing of bodies. All lights save a single
one above the bar were out, smashed to
bits. Fists thrashed about; vigorous, pro-
fane phrases were uttered aloud. And then
in a second something flew through the air;
there was another crash—and the one
remaining light vanished.
  “Come on, boys,” called Big Noonan’s
voice. “Come on, get outside! Everybody
go get his gun! We’ll go down and clean
this black camp-car bunch out right!”
  A yell of approval came from what must
have been the white belligerents. There
was a rush in the darkened room, and the
outer side door burst open. The sound
of swiftly moving feet came to the tense
Andy and Proprietor Scanlon. Apparently
the steel gangers had followed the Belham
citizens out, for the barroom became silent.
Then, before Peck or Scanlon had moved,
the barkeeper appeared, his face white.
  “What started it?” demanded Scanlon,
seizing the man’s shoulder.
  “That nigger—that Steamboat—tried to
shove Big Noonan aside—and called him
a name!” stumbled the frightened bar-
keeper. “Then Noonan landed on him—
and they all waded in!”
  That was enough for Andy; he waited
to hear no more. Things, he felt, were
moving too swiftly for him to control.
He ran out of the office, down the street,
popped into a side alley and legged it for
the depot. He saw men running; cries
carried to him. Some of the shouts, he
thought, sounded as if they were coming
from Steamboat’s crowd-defiant cries.
He ran his best.
  There was confusion around the camp-
cars as Peck neared the station—high-
pitched chatter, figures flitting in and out
of the doors. Andy avoided the cars and
came to the depot. Quickly he unlocked
the waiting-room door, entered and snapped
the lock again behind him, entered the
office and closed that door also.
  Upon leaving, he had turned off all the
inside station lights. Now he did not re-
light them. He had raised the shades
before departing, and a platform light just
152
Adventure
outside shone ihrough the front office
windows, making enough light for him to
find his way about in the familiar office.
He opened the train wire key.
   ‘ She’s broke!” he said to the dispatcher.
“The fight is on! Started up-town and is
working this way last, lloyv’s the special
coming?"
  “She’s getting along,” replied Potts
quickly. “Ought to show up there inside
of ten minutes.”
   “If she doesn’t do better than that, she’s
liable to find nothing but pieces left,” said
Andy.
   “She’s rolling!” assured the dispatcher.
“Anybody hurt?”
  “Can’t tell—hope not,” answered Peck.
He paused as a sudden fusillade of shots
rang out somewhere up around the camp-
cars. “They're shooting now!” he said to
Potts.
  “They are!” flashed the dispatcher.
“Are you in any danger yourself, boy?”
  “Guess not,” lied Andy, and he smiled
a little.
  He had heard several things plunk
against the station right after the volley
of shots. The marksmen were shooting
high and wild and hitting the depot.
  “Watch yourself,” began Potts—and
that was as far as Andy paid any attention
to what the dispatcher was saying.
  There was a sudden crash at the rear
window of the office. Glass flew in a
shower over the office floor.
  “Hoky!” breathed Andy and at once
dropped to the floor, crouching down in the
obscurity and protection of the comer at
the end of the telegraph desk.
  Several lesser crashes followed at the
window, as if something were being used
to knock out the ragged pieces of glass left
sticking there after the first blow. Then
a black blur abruptly appeared between
the broken sashes, and a figure dropped
quickly inside the office. A faint ray of
light from the platform lamp outside fell
on the intruder’s face.
  Steamboat Jackson!
THE agent crouched lower in his
corner, astonished but silent.
  Without an instant’s delay Steam-
boat moved to the stationery cupboard. He
jerked the doors open, reached in and
pulled out a bunch of big envelopes. He
reached in again, brought out something
else and laid it on the ledge of the ticket
window, dose beside the aiplward. Dark
as the office was, the agent knew what the
colored man had placed on the window
ledge. It was the package of pay-roll
money!
   A sort of savage ejaculation of pleasure
came from the steel gang man as he put
down the package of money. But he did
not linger over his rejoicing. From the
cupboard then he quick!) pulled out
envelopes, tissue sheets and various sizes
of paper forms. These he pulled apart
swiftly and piJed on the floor in a heap
about the corner of the wooden cupboard.
There was the scratching of a match, and
a little burst of flame flared up. Steamboat
reached down and touched the flame to the
edge of a sheet of paper in the heap that he
had made.
  Steamboat’s back, as he stood at the
cupboard, had been turned to Andy Peck.
The agent's amazement at the colored
man’s entrance had only been increased
by his further surprize at Steamboat’s
bringing forth of the money—by his sur-
prize that the man should have knowledge
of it and of its hiding-place.
  And then, as Steamboat piled the paper
on the floor, some flash of explanation
came to Andy—some perception of Steam-
boat’s true reason for inciting the riot. If
Steamboat had started the trouble pay-day
night after receiving his wages, the agent
w-ould not have been so perplexed. Andy
had wondered, though, why the fellow had
cut loose tonight, the night before pay-day.
But now he knewr.
  Up around the camp-cars the shouts
had risen in volume, but so far there had
been no repetition of the shooting. As
Steamboat struck the match and bent
forward. Andy Peck, silent as a cat, rose
on the balls of liis feet. As the match
flame was touched to the paper, he grabbed
his stout-legged office chair from the floor
beside him and swmng it in the air.
   “You treacherous devil!” cried Andy and
brought the chair down on Steamboat's
head.
   The blow was true, but the colored man’s
head also w'as true—to type. The steel
ganger staggered erect as the swif tlv spread-
ing flame on the floor lit up the office.
Surprized and slightly bewildered he was,
but his eyes flashed wickedly as he faced
the agent.
Agent Andy
153
  “I’ll tear your heart out!” he roared and
made a lunge at Peck.
  “Try it!” invited Andy, swinging his
chair again.
  And this time he didn’t aim at the head—
he aimed a smashing sidewise blow at the
black man’s shins. Steamboat’s legs were
swept from under him like straws. He fell
to the floor with a tremendous thump, his
howls filling the office.
  “Oh, name o’ God!” he moaned. “Don’
do that! Don’ do that no mo’, Mistuh
Agent!”
  Agent Andy, chair poised again, held
back.
  “Will you be good?” he demanded.
  “Yes, suli! Yes, suh!” groaned Steam-
boat. “Only jes’ don’ hit my laigs no mo’!”
  There was an abrupt grinding of brakes
out in front of the office before Andy could
say mOre and a hissing of steam. Un-
perceived, the special had arrived—a light
engine. The waiting-room door flew open
with a crash as stout shoulders were set
against the lock’s resistance. There was
a tramping of heavy feet inside. Andy
flung open the office door. Carrick, Quinn,
Capt. Caney and three other men swept in,
flashlights and pistols in hand.
  “Peck!” cried the superintendent, amazed
at the sight in the office. “What in the
devil! What’s this fire? We saw it through
the window!”
  But Peck was all business; he had a plan
in mind.
  “Watch that man on the floor!” he ex-
claimed. “Grab him up and make him
walk!” And without further ado he
snatched up the office water bucket and
dashed its contents on the burning heap
of paper. The fire by that time had been
licking eagerly at the stationery case.
But the water was sufficient; the flames
abruptly expired.
  “Come along! WTe got to hurry!” cried
Andy then. He grabbed up the package
of pay-roll money from the ticket window
ledge and thrust it into Quinn’s hands.
“Hang on to that!” he said.
  Capt. Caney meanwhile had hauled the
abject Steamboat to his feet. Peck clutched
the colored man’s other arm. Pushing and
tugging, he started for the door.
  Amazed and not comprehending, they
seemed all to recognize .Andy’s leadership.
In a group they burst out of the station
and headed toward the near-by camp-cars,
Caney and Peck in the lead, dragging the
reluctant steel ganger between them.
  “W'hat’s the idea?” grunted Caney as
they stumbled on. “What’re you work-
ing at?”
  “Wait!” panted Andy. <fNot time now
to explain. Have to get this thing headed
off before some one gets killed—if some one
hasn’t already been. You just follow my
lead and back me up!”
  The moon had come up since Andy’s
hasty return to the office from up-town,
revealing the camp-cars and surroundings
clearly as the party approached. All lights
in the cars were now out, the cars5 occupants
lurking in the obscurity inside.
  As the party rounded the end of the
string of cars, the Belham citizens, gathered
in the shadow of a warehouse at the head
of the siding, apparently mistook them
for charging steel gangers. A shout arose.
  “Here they come, boys!” It was Big
Noonan’s voice. “Out and at them!”
There was a mighty shout in answer,
and the Belliamites leaped out for battle.
From Steamboat’s darkened car an answer-
ing cry went forth, and some shots flashed
out. Andy Peck dropped Steamboat’s
arm and jumped ahead of his party.
  “Keep back, men!” he shouted to the
oncoming townfolk. “Keep 'em back,
Noonan! Everything's all right now!”
The Belhamites, recognizing Peck’s voice
and perceiving their mistake as to the
party’s identity, faltered and came to a halt.
Only Noonan pressed forward.
  “What!” he cried. “That you, Andy?”
“Yes,” replied the agent. “Just hold
your men a minute! I’m going to fix
things.”
  He turned and grasped Steamboat by
the arm.
  “Tell your men in that car to let up!”
he commanded sternly. “Tell them to
come out here, quick!”
  Steamboat, overawed, did not demur.
He faced liis car.
  “Come on out, Geo’ge!” he called de-
jectedly. “Come on, you an’ all the boys!”
“Fo’ the lan’ sakes, that you, Steam-
boat?” said one in the car, evidently
Geo’ge; his head was cautiously sticking
out an open window. “We-aU been won-
d’ring wliar you been!”
  “It’s me,” admitted the gloomy Steam-
boat.
  “You’ll not be harmed,” put in Peck
154
Adventure
to the men in the car. “And, when you
get out here, I'll tell you where Steamboat’s
been.”	*
  From the car next to Steamboat’s a
voice now spoke—Memphis Joe’s voice,
coming from the doorway.
  “Am that you, Mistuh Agent?”
  “It is,” answered Andy. “Get the boys
all out, Memphis, and bring ’em here.
Nobody’ll get hurt.”
  A joyous whoop came from Memphis,
and in a second he and the other men in
his car tumbled out, arriving on the ground
as soon as Steamboat’s crowd. From other
cars steel gangers did likewise, whooping
as the word spread. They gathered to-
gether near where Andy, Carrick, Quinn,
Steamboat, Caney and the other officers
stood. Quietly now, perceiving that some
strange thing was happening, the Belham
men and Big Noonan edged nearer, lining
up on one side of the agent and his party,
while the colored men lined up on the
other.
“YOU men have been easy marks—
suckers!” said Andy, addressing
himself particularly to Steamboat’s
wondering, rather sheepish-looking half
dozen. “Steamboat’s been making you
play tricks for him—tricks so he’d get the
good things and you’d get nothing. Did
you know that, George?”
  “Whut you-all mean?” nervously said
George, a tall, rangy buck.
  “Why, you know how Steamboat’s been
blowing he was going South this Winter
with a pocketful of money. But he hadn’t
got his pocketful. Today, though, he must
have learned some way that I was expecting
a package of cash on this evening’s train.
He decided that was just the cash he
wanted.
  “So he got some booze, managed to get
you fellows worked up and finally got a
good-looking riot started. Then, while
you men did the fighting, he sneaked down
to the station, broke in, found the money
and tried to set the station on fire. The
fire would be blamed on the riot, see—
and his theft of the money would be
covered up. But I happened to be in the
station, and Steamboat came to grief!”
  A stir—as of resentment—was visible
among the half-dozen.
  “Fo’ Lawd’s sake, Steamboat!” said
George. “Am that right?”
  But Sleamboat made no answer. He
merely hung his head and mumbled un-
intelligibly.
  “Sure, it's right!” declared Andy. “Look
at him. and you can tell for vourselves.
And, of course, you don’t know what the
money Steamboat tried to swipe was for,
do you, George?”
  “No, suh,” answered George.
  “Well, I’ll tell you. It’s pay money
that’s to be us-ed to pay the steel gang men
tomorrow. That’s the kind of man Steam-
boal is. He was going to take it all, and
you fellows wouldn’t have got any—not
tomorrow, anyway. You’d have had to
wait several days longer until another pay-
roll was fixed up.”
  This time the wave of resentment that
swept over the steel gang was not confined
to the men from Steamboat’s car; it went
over the entire crowd, and there was a
muttering of imprecations and threats.
Seeing their bad-man subdued, the rest
of the gang felt emboldened.
  But Andy had turned away from them
for a moment. He faced Big Noonan and
the Belham men.
  “You see how it is, Noonan.” he said.
“This Steamboat man here is really the
only one to blame—and we’ll get rid of him.
He prodded on a few others, for the reasons
I just gave. But most of these colored
men didn’t want any trouble. One of
them came to me just before train-time
tonight, told me he was afraid Steamboat
was trying to stir up something and asked
me to do what I could to stop it.”
  “I’d say you did what you could!”
boomed Big Noonan. “You certainly
stopped it!”
  “Hurrah for Andy!” called several of the
Belham citizens behind Noonan.
  And three cheers were given; exuberandy.
And then, to the embarrassed agent’s
confusion, they were echoed by the steel
gang side. But Agent Andy kept his wits.
He faced the colored men again.
  “And, now that the fuss is over and you’re
going to get your money tomorrow, the
railroad wants all you men to stay!” he
cried. “All but Steamboat. It’s he that’s
been making all the trouble—filling you
full of lies about the cold weather and
trying to scare you out—just" out of pure
devilishness. You stick with the railroad,
and they’ll see that you’re kept warm—
get lots of coal and plenty to eat. Here re
Agent Andy-
155
the big bosses—the superintendent and the
supervisor. They’ll tell you the same!”
 Andy turned to the big bosses.
 “How about it, gentlemen?” he said.
 He looked at Quinn, and then he looked
 at Carrick. When he looked at Carrick,
 Andy’s eyes were a little defiant.
 But the superintendent was not slow to
 respond.
“That’s right!” he affirmed loudly.
“What the agent said goes. We’ll take
care of you! It’s a promise! W7ill you
 stay?”
 There was a half instant’s hesitation.
 Then Memphis Joe spoke.
“Yes, suh!” he shouted. “I’se goin’
stay! We-all goin’ stay! WTiat you-all say,
big boys?”
 He turned to his fellows. And a great
 shout of affirmation greeted him.
“Goin’ stay!” roared the steel gang.
“Goin’ stay!”'
 “That’s the stuff!” called Carrick en-
 thusiastically. “We’D count on you, every
 one!”
He faced about to where Andy Peck
stood. And then—-for the first time in his
1 ife so far as any man there knew—he openly
confessed to an error.
 “Son,” said Carrick quietly, “I’ve made
 a mistake. I’m just beginning to get an
 idea of what you’ve done here for us. And,
 if I’m not too late, I want to ask you to
 forget what I said the other day—forget it
 and stay here on this job. Will you do it?”
 Andy could scarcely believe his ears.
 Somehow the possibility of anything like
this had never occurred to him. For a
moment the thought swept through his
head that here was a most excellent oppor-
tunity to say something that would scorch
Carrick’s hide. But consideration of Ina
and knowledge of what his staying would
mean to her and to him checked his tongue
—if not a certain sense of whimsicality that
always was lurking at the back of his brain.
  “I'll be so pleased!” he murmured.
IT WAS somewhat less than ten
minutes after he had given the su-
perintendent his answer that Andy
came to the residence of Duncan, the miller.
He was about to press the bell when the
door flew open and Ina came out, appar-
ently bound for somewhere in great haste.
She stopped abruptly at sight of him.
  “Andy!” she exclaimed. “I’ve been so
worried and afraid—all that noise and
shooting! I was just going out to hunt
you!”
  “You needn't now,” he said, his face
beaming. “I’m here.”
_ “Is—is everything all right?” she ques-
tioned, seemingly a little puzzled at his very
obvious joy.
  “All right? Well, I guess yes!” He
seized her in his arms. “We’re going to
have our little bungalow after all, little girl!’'
  “Andy!”
  “Yes, indeedy!” he cried. “Old man
Carrick is going to keep me on the job,
and-”
  But that was as far as he got just then—
for reasons that may be surmised.
The Tree of Life
          A Complete 7Voveleti
/
&
 ray
C7JARLES
tt&TXLE
Author of "The Winged Avenger,” “Witch-Doctorsdr.
 /I VEIN of platinum on a jade
 ^% ring was the river Mfunyaballa
flowing through the forests of
A. m. the French Congo. Above the
place of a thousand islands is a slight rise
of ground like a furry tongue protruding
from the cavern of the forests, brown with
the huts of the village of Basayaguru.
  On a hot afternoon, when the only moving
things were the scraggy goats, lazily scratch-
ing, open-beaked native chickens and
chromatic lizards, a faint throb vibrated on
the sulky air like the pulse of a distant
drum. A yodeling cry from the steamy
cavern of the. forest caused the village to
swarm with lithe ebon figures whose heads
were decorated with frizzly hair, built a
foot high above the forehead, streaming with
long-bladed spears in their hands, like a
flood of ants, to a point upon the riverside.
Again came the cry from the forest from
down the river. The distant throb grew
into the “Eh! Ahh! Eh! Ahh! Eh! Ahh!”
of the chant of paddlers. Presently around
a bend appeared a canoe. As the host of
natives squatted in silence, came stalking
solemnly a tall figure with an ivory comb
like a dagger stuck through the head-dress
of hair and carrying an Express rifle. In
the midst of his people he sank upon liis
haunches, gazing from a masklike face
down the river with Lhe eyes of a repressed
child. The strange canoe hugged the far
bank of the river, indicating by neglect of
the rowers to avoid the sweep of the stream
that they were uncertain of their reception.
  Amidship of the leading canoe was a hood
of woven grass from which protruded the
helmet of a white man. When the canoe
was immediately opposite the village, the
paddlers backed water, and a tall man
garbed in w’hite calico with a green turban
after the Arab manner stood up in the bow
and chanted rapidly in a loud voice. The
mob of natives watching gravely on the
beach listened in silence. When the stran-
ger had ceased, one cried back and was again
answered by a chant and a signal made with
the right hand raised.
  Immediately the tall chief with the Ex-
press rifle rose to his feet, cried out imperi-
ously and sat down. The canoe continued
up-stream for fifty yards, swung round,
came diagonally across the current and
nosed its way through a flotilla of small
and large canoes upon the village strand.
  From the canoe sprang a short slender
man clad in weather-worn khaki and wear-
ing a small dark beard. The chief rose to
his feet as the white approached and raised
one hand, murmuring the Arabic word-
  “SdUwmaV*
  “SalaarnaJ” responded the white. ‘
  As he raised his hand in the salute, his
quick dark eyes were upon the Express
rifle.
  Solemnly the chief turned and led the
way through the mob of his people up the
hill to an open dusty space littered with
goats, chickens and calabashes, where
stood a thatched roof upon half a dozen
poles, the palaver-house. Opposite to each
other upon carved wooden stools, with the
white man's interpreter in the green turban
beside him. they began the formal palaver.
  After more greetings and the solemn
sniffing by the white man of the snuff
proffered in a tiny gourd, the young chief
156
The Tree of Life
157
indifferently accepted presents of several
bales of cloth and a Snider rifle with cart-
ridges. During the interview the white
man’s sharp eyes were unobtrusively
noting details. The interpreter informed
him that the chief had graciously permitted
the strange white man to camp in the open
space of the village.
  The white recalled the topographical sur-
roundings, and after swift reflection he con-
sented, knowing that, except for field clear-
ings in the dense forest, there probably was
no other ground suitable for a camp. These
matters having been arranged, the chief
intimated that he would present the cre-
dentials to his august father, Basayaguru,
which entailed the presentation of another
Snider rifle. As the young chief rose to
depart, the white man eyed the Express as
the warrior handed it to his superior.
  <fNotice that .450, Ali?” he commented
to the interpreter as they continued to sit
in the shade while their equipment was
brought from the canoes. “D’you think
there are any white traders round here?”
“Allah is all-wise,” responded Ali Mo-
hammed. “Perhaps the person has traded
it from the South, sir.”
  “South!” exclaimed the little doctor
briskly. “These people are not nomadic,
are they? I’ve understood from the agent
at Kavaballa's that no whites have yet
been here; district only touched by oc-
casional countrymen of yours. Isn’t that
right?”
  “Allah is all-wise.” repeated Ali mono-
tonously, blinking both eyelids. “But my
countrymen are not disposed to carry
weapons of that kind, Doctor.”
  “Urn, Um,” muttered the little doctor.
“Hi/” he shouted in broken Kiswahili,
pointing his cane. “Make those men
clear up this ground before you pitch the
tent. Fahamshi ? Tell ’em, Ali. This
ground is nothing but a bug-preserve.”
He took out a cigar and lighted it. “What’s
the particular pet superstition here, Ali?
Same as below or a new pope or something,
 “Allah is-”
  “1 asked you what you think?” snapped
the doctor.
  “I do not think, sir,” returned Ali
imperturbably. “The savage think many
things that they dream.”
  “Dream! Dream!” He glanced at Ali
and grinned like a friendly terrier through
his short beard. “Um. You’re right. All
this ju-ju business is merely the projection
of a dream.”
  “In my country that is what our wise men
say.”
  “Do they, begad? Then they’re a-
sight wiser than ours! Um. Um. Ali,
do you know what particular legend they
have here?”
  “No, Doctor,” admitted Ali. “I do not.
There are many strange and mystical
things in Africa.”
  “Mystical tommyrot!” snorted Dr. Herd-
wether. “I don’t believe you know much
about it all.”
  “Only Allah knows the truth.”
  “I didn’t bring you here to know Allah’s
opinion upon every- thing from yams
to folklore. As soon as you possibly can,
get them to talk.”
  “They will not tell us,” said Ali, “for
these peoples always seek to hide their
cult from the infidel eyes of strangers.”
“Um. Um. Well, try, confound it, try!”
The energetic little man jumped to his
feet, inspected the tent, sniffed disgustedly
and walked with short nervous steps to
the outskirts of the village with the object
of seeking another site free from native
garbage and the ubiquitous flea. But there
seemed no hope, for the up-river side was
as unpromising as he had observed the down
side to be.
  The river swirled around the small
peninsula and away on its main course,
leaving a series of flat swamps and tiny
creeks, crocodile invested, worming into the
dense forests in all directions; from the
land side of the village was a vista of regi-
ments of tree-stumps in native fields
hewn out of the primeval forest, fields in
which women—many with babies wrapped
in skins upon their arched backs—worked
diligently with the small native hoe pre-
paring the ground for the annual sowing.
Away high over the sullen edge of the forest
soared lazily a pallid halfmoon.
fw! BACK through the village, noting
gjiujg the square hut of Arab influence
surrounded by a small palisade with
a large wild fig in the center, the little doctor
tramped, batting at the myriad flies. As,
perspiring and hot , he plunged into his green
canvas chair, his personal boy emerged with
whisky and a sparklet siphon. Each ges-
ture of making, drinking, striking a match,
158
Adventure
lighting a cigar and the tones of the voice
irritably demanding the preparation of his
rubber-bath was observed solemnly by the
circle of boys and warriors tickling their
curiosity while their wives, mothers and
sisters toiled in the blazing sun in the fields.
  As the purple shadows elongated, came a
procession from the hill, led by the tall
chief, Basafingu. Advancing to within
three feet of the white man, he squatted
down. His followers placed before him
two elephant tusks of great weight and good
condition. According to the etiquette of
a great chief the little doctor pretended
not to notice their presence. For some
minutes he continued to smoke his cigar,
interested in the swelling of the sun as it
sank within the humid atmosphere above
the trees.
  As silently and abstractedly sat Basa-
fingu and his ebon retainers. From another
green tent, the replica of the doctor’s,
emerged Ali in the green turban and a
green gown and, stalking with much dignity,
sank upon a stool beside the doctor without
as much as a twitch of the eyelid to ac-
knowledge the presence of the young
chief. In impressed silence the audience
of warriors and boys and children watched
the statuesque poses of the actors. At last
Ali gravely permitted his eyes to rest upon
Basafingu and, turning very slowly, ob-
served quietly:
  “There appears to be some of the savages
bearing presents for you, Doctor. Probably
it would be as well to observe them now. ”
  ‘‘Probably it would,” assented the doc-
tor. “This sort of thing gets on my nerves.
You bargain and begin the debate, Ali.”
  “Permit your eyes to see them, and I will
speak.”
  The doctor accordingly turned his head
and regarded the gathering with a bored
stare. After some five minutes of formal
greetings Ali observed:
  “The chief, Basayaguru, the father of
this person, sends you these unworthy and
trifling presents. Nod your head with the
utmost carelessness, Doctor. Perfectly ad-
mirable, sir. He intimates that he will be
pleased to receive you in audience upon the
morrow before the sun is yet high. Nod
again if you please, and I will dismiss these
savages.”
  Ali made the set reply, whereupon the
young chief, apparently impressed, re-
sponded and rose. But, when the bearers of
the tusks had departed in his wake, there
remained an old man whose head-dress was
not so high as those of the young men and
was like a bunch of greasy white wool.
The face was wizened and as finely net-
worked with lines as knitted black silk;
on each side of the tufts of white wool
which was his beard swung lumps of quartz
as big as a walnut, suspended from the
distended lobes; skeleton arms and limbs
protruded from his robes of wildcat skins.
He bent liis bead after the manner of an
Arabic salaam until he revealed the scraggy
wrinkles on the back of his neck; then he
spoke, mumbling toothlessly-
  “This exquisitely wrinkled person,” ob-
served Ali, “intimates that he is a doctor,
sir.”
  “Not of divinity, I trust?” queried the
little man with a twitching lip.
  “It is injudicious to exhibit levity in the
presence of the ignorant,” admonished Ali
gravely.
  “Perfectly correct, Ali, perfectly correct.
But what may the creature want?'7
  “He is, I deduce, the tribal medicine-
man.”
  “Oh. A brother witch-doctor, begad!
Um. Er—just the beggar we ought to
make friends with, eh, Ali? What does
he want?”
  “As ever in this world among the infidel,
he wishes undoubtedly a present of worldly
goods of some denomination.”
  “Talk, man, for heaven’s sake, talk,”
snapped the little doctor, “or I shall have
to go into the tent to laugh. Ask him what
the current ju-ju is.”
  “The moment is most inopportune.”
retorted Ali woodenlv. “With your per-
mission I will instruct Yamagulu to present
him with two knives and a small bale of
cloLh and your most august respects.”
  “All right, but add a Snider to the re-
spects. And find out how much we can
buy him for?”
  “The time is most injudic-”
  “Never mind; try him.”
  “As you wish, Doctor."
  After commanding the head man. Yama-
gulu, to bring the presents specified, Ali
engaged the witch-doctor in polite conver-
sation regarding the exalted status of the
white chief, all that appertained to him
and the imaginary objects of the expedi-
tion. The rifle and goods were brought
and placed at the feet of the old man, who
The Tree of Life
T59
apparently remained unaware of them.
At length Yamala, the witch-doctor, made
his adieux and rose, leaving the presents
upon the ground to be collected by his people.
  “Well, what did he say?” demanded the
doctor.
  “In this case, Doctor, I have considered
it inexpedient to obey you.’'
 “-you!”
  “I wish to remind Lhe doctor that I have
lived and traded among such savages as
these for a period of fifteen years; therefore
it is Lo be presumed lhal I may possibly
be permitted Lo be belter acquainted with
them and their minds lhan the doclor.”
“Possibly, .Ali, but—well, this confounded
beating about lhe bush irritates me.”
  “The doctor will permit me to remark
that, if he persists in applying the Occi-
dental attitude Lo Lhe Oriental mind, the
chance of gaining the desired information,
economical and social, will be considerably
diminished thereby.”
  “You’re a dear!” exclaimed the little
doctor, showing his teeth in a grin. “But
—all right, Ali, go your own way, but for_
heaven’s sake don’t mull it.”
  “As Allah wills!” observed Ali and turned
his bronze Arab-Somali features toward the
two tusks, appraising ihem with bright
expert eyes. “Have you remarked, Doctor,
the exceptional generosity of the chief?
These tusks are considerably over one
hundred pounds each and therefore, at the
present market-price, of value considerably
over one hundred guineas. Never have I
known any of these savage chiefs to recom-
pense a stranger so disproporlionately to
the value of the present bestowed. Never,
Doctor.”
  “All right, Ali; so much the better for
you. Keep ’em, my boy; only don’t forget
to pump my ancient medical colleague.”
  “A thousand thanks to you, Doctor,”
said Ali, salaaming. “I will assuredly en-
deavor to recompense you to the best
ability.”
  “Oh, shut up, Ali. I like you, but you’re
a bore sometimes. Hi, Yamagulu, whisky
soda. Upesil”
U
VIOLET twilight stained with green
died hurriedly, leaving the dented
moon as if battered with the bore-
dom of the chiliads to gaze incuriouslv
upon microcosmical contorlions. From the
village of Basayaguru rose continuously,
like puffs of invisible steam from an engine-
exhaust, the rhythm of a drum above the
murmur of the forest and the swirl of the
river in the sulky air.
  Like the red eye of a familiar, winking in
masonic import to old Yamala, the witch-
doctor, squalling like an idol carved in
ebony, was the glow of the little doctors
cigar as he sat in the doorway of his tenl
in Lhe lee of the greenwrood fire. Half in
shadow beside him was Ali, his robes a
volume of carven Lurquoise supporting the
dignity of his turbaned head, a cameo in
lazulite.
  “Now, Ali,” said the doctor, “it’s really
about time you got to business. W'e’ve had
a week of this fooling. We’ve got a general
idea of the supply of ivory and that your
confounded people ruined the vine rubber
ages ago. But wre could have got that
almost anywhere. Now try to find out
exactly w'hat is the basis of their cult—
whether it is the same in this part as down-
country. Understand?”
  “It most usually is so, Doctor,” responded
Ali.
  “Well, but you don’t know. I want
facts, not suppositions.”
  “I still venture to doubt whether the
moment be expedient yet,” objected Ali
tonelessly.
  “Do as I tell you, confound you!”
  “The Occidental and the Oriental-”
  “Shut up!”
  “Very good, Doctor. But you will
please note that I do not take the responsi-
bility. I obey.”
  As tonelessly as an oracle Ali spoke
fluently to the old man Yamala, who at
length replied as monotonously.
  “The witch-doctor states that they have
a goddess who dwells in the woods.”
“Well?”
  “Please to contain your most natural
emotions,” reproved Ali. “It is not the
custom of the Orient-”
  “Oh,-the Orient!”
  “Please to be patient.” remonstrated .Ali
and began anew' to talk with the witch-doc-
tor.
  The old man rumbled on in periods, punc-
tuated by assenting grunts from Ali. The
doctor finished his cigar and lighted an-
other. Yet slill lhe Lwo voices blended as
if in a liturgy to the rhythmic throb of the
single drum and the faint anthem of the
i6o
Adventure
mosquitoes. The old man ceased and re-
lapsed i#to immobility.
  “Well, well? What is it?*’
  Ali was undoubtedly in a state of excite-
ment indicated by a slight half-tone raise
in the timbre of his voice.
  “These peoples have, as you know,
Doctor, been much influenced by the in-
cursions of my own people. They were at
one remote period the storehouse of our
slaves, although in these days of your
exquisite civilization one is compelled to
take tribute in the form of merchandise
only. I desire to point out that our ancient
truths have influenced even these savages.”
“You have,” interrupted the doctor
dryly. “Get on.”
  “The Occidental are not the ways of the
Oriental-”
  “Ah, shut up and get along with the
yam!”
  “I hasten to obey, Doctor. I desire to
state that these savages have confused an
ancient philosophy with their own ig-
norant superstitions.”
  “Never mind that. What is the super-
stition?”
  “As you will doubtless have read or
learned, Doctor, each of these peoples have,
with scarcely any exception, a belief in the
spirits of the trees and the rivers. The
correct word flees from me.”
  “Animism.”
  “Thank you. Doctor. Animism. But
in this case they have confused-”
  “Confound it,” grumbled Herdw-ether,
“never mind that!”
  “They, as I wish to express, believe in
the spirits of the wood and the plants.
They have, tlft? priest tells me, here a
sacred and holy tree, which is the mother—
I desire to express that it is the mother.”
“Well, you have. What about it?”
“Because all other trees are male.”
  “The devil they are! Trees have sex as
well as anybody else.”
  “Indeed true words as your exquisite
education has taught me. But not with
these peoples. It is that I wish to express
that they have confused their superstition
with the truths of my peoples, the Berbers.
As may and yet may not be known to you,
Doctor, the Berbers of the Atlas before the
coming of the true believers-”
  “Meaning your crowd, eh?”
  “Indeed surely, Doctor. The Berbers, I
may state, had faith in the mother of the
universe, the sun, w'hich is, they said with
admirable logic, the source of heat and there-
fore of all things and therefore was fecund
and therefore was a female, the mother of
all.”
  “What the devil’s that got to do with
this ju-ju idol?”
“THERE is no idol, Doctor. It
is a tree.”
“What?”
  “Truly indeed what, Doctor. The priest
here informs that upon the mother tree
depends quite, and undoubtedly logically
fr6m their point of view, the crops and all
that is grown and therefore their alimen-
tation.”
  “Yes, yes, the old idea from Jack in the
Green to the Flarnen Dialis. W'ell?”
  “And therefore, with exquisite logic, that
it is necessary for the tree to be fertilized
and therefore to be married. At the
first moon of the sowing, wrhich is close unto
us nowr, is the ceremony of the marriage of
the magic tree.”
  “Married? To whom?”
  “To whom the sacred tree is married I
can not say. Such is without doubt as in
all religions a matter forbidden to infldels
and the ignorant.”
  “Well, buy the information then.”
  “It is not possible to buy faith. With
one thousand pardons I will express myself
for the reason of my excitement/' replied
Ali as coldly as the liturgy. “According
to my wav* of thinking, the priest is most
friendly disposed toward us. Indeed, he
has invited—even more in the limits of his
language—he has prayed that we stop to
see the ceremony of the marriage of the
sacred tree.”
 “Um. Urn.” mumbled the doctor,
scratching a mosquito-bite on his left ear.
“But do they usually invite strangers to
witness these sacred rites?”
  “Undoubtedly not. Undoubtedly not.
Doctor. That is also one reason for the
state of excitement in which you see me.”
“Um. Um.” The red eye of the doctor’s
familiar glared ferociously at the carven
image in ebony by the dull embers. The
throb of the drum pulsed steadily. “It
appears to me that there must be a reason
behind the invitation. What can it be? Is
it money? I mean more presents? Yet
they’ve been most unusually lavish already,
haven't they?”
The Tree of Life
161
  “More than exquisitely lavish,” asserted
Ali. “The reason is known to Allah.’5
“Confound Allah!”
  “The doctor is unconsciously blasphe-
mous,” reproved Ali.
  “No; it’s a gift, I assure you,” grinned the
doctor. “Um. Um. Well, about the cere-
mony business. What else did he say?”
“Is it not sufficiently astonishing that he
should tell us these things? The doctor
does not perceive the exquisite abyss be-
tween the Occidental and the Oriental.”
“Exquisite twaddle. Is there a sacrifice?
These devils invariably want lakes of blood
to bathe their gods in.”
  “That is unknown to me, Doctor.”
  “Well, ask him, confound it!”
  “His lips will be tighter than the shell
upon the ocean shore, but, if it amuses the
doctor, I will hasten to obey.”
  Again there followed the solemn litur-
gical conversation. The doctor moved rest-
lessly as if the continuous beat of the drum
sought his pulse.
  “The doctor will observe that my words
are as true as the Koran. The tongue of the
black priest is swollen, which is to say, as
the doctor will perceive, that he refuses to
speak concerning that which is to him
sacred and forbidden.”
 “Tabu, eh? Um. Well, ask him di-
rectly why he wishes us to see the ceremony;
whether all strangers are invited, or whether
he has just taken a fancy to our pretty
faces?”
  “1 hasten to obey, but the product thereof
will be excessively more lies than the leaves
on the sacred tree. His ears, as I have in-
timated, are made deaf by the clamor of
our words,” reported Ali. “He intimates
exquisitely politely that he would retire
with the offerings of the white chief, saying
that the bird of happiness will bang her
wings in his breast so excessively that he
will not be able to sleep, because the white
chief has willingly taken the acceptance to
the marriage-feast.”
 “Um. Well, tell Yamagulu to give
him whatever you think, Ali, and bundle
him off to bed.”	%
  Ah’s voice raised to summon Yamagulu,
then appeared muffled as if deliberately
hushed by clammy hands of the air on
which rolled, with the rhythmic certainty
of an Atlantic swell, the somber notes of
the drum.
^ “What the devil’s that drum for, Ali?”
inquired the doctor irritably as he gazed at
the fire, pondering.
  “It is designed to prepare the mind and
the body for the marriage-feast upon the
full moon, Doctor.”
  “Why, that’s about tomorrow or the next
day, isn't it?” observed the doctor, glancing
up at the battered moon.
  “Two nights more yet.”
Ill
IN THE steamy heat of the morn-
ing the first conscious impression
of the doctor was that a pulse was
beating in his brain. The mental effort of
an automatic medical diagnosis awoke him
to the reality of the merciless beat of the
drum. He swore violently and shouted for
coffee. Outside the net the flies had al-
ready taken over the duty of torment from
the mosquitoes. The doctor breakfasted
on river-fish in an exceedingly bad temper.
  The inconvenience of the camp-site began
to weaken his resolution to stay even the
few days. In the jungle one had not to
scratch all day as well as all night. He
consulted Ali but as ever merely elicited
the imperturbable, “Allah only knows.”
The doctor gulped the quinine he was in the
act of swallowing. The brilliant black eyes
of Ali in his bronze cameo features regarded
him coldly.
  “If the doctor would permit himself to
meditate upon the Occidental and the
Or-”
“Meditate!” spluttered the doctor, covet-
ing the irrefragable composure of the Arab.
*l-it, I believe I’ve a touch of malaria.
Tell Yamagulu to get me the thermometer.”
  But his temperature was normal and his
pulse as steady as the drum-throb. Later
in the morning he persisted in visiting the
old chief, Basayaguru, in spite of Airs as-
surance that no more information would be
forthcoming. But at any rate an audience
would serve to fill up time. The old man, in
token of his greatness and beauty, was so fat
that he could scarcely walk. He lay like a
baby hippopotamus upon his skins in the
perpetual shadows of his square hut and ap-
peared to do nothing save eat, drink, snuff
and sleep, leaving affairs of war and peace
to his son and politics perforce to Yamala,
the witch-doctor.
To each of the questions put by Ali on
the white man's behalf, he merely grunted
Adventure,
non-committally, a process which led one to
suppose that he was innocent of every crime
as well as virtue that the black mind could
conceive. The only articulate sentence elic-
ited was an order to a slave to send the
white chief another present of a large tusk
of ivory. The doctor regarded the tusk in
dismay.
  “What’s the meaning of this?” he de-
manded of Ali. “We can’t possibly make
return presents of anywhere near the value
of these three tusks and the small ones.
What do you think he’s after? My Ex-
press? Because he won’t get that, natu-
rally.”
  “Allah only knows.”
  “Oh!” The doctor plucked savagely at
his beard. “Ali, I ask what you think,
not what Allah thinks.”
  “It is impossible to state, Doctor. Never
have I witnessed such exquisite generosity
from a native negro.”
  The little doctor returned to the camp,
feeling, as he remarked to Ali, that there
was something in this confounded country
that would make a saint irritable. And, as he
retired beneath the mosquito-net for a
siesta, he grinned at the recollection of the
sage advice based on theoretical knowledge
he had given to clients about to leave for
the tropics, to guard against irritation and
liquor. During the hottest hours, when man
and beast and bird, but not woman, made
obeisance to the sun, the heart-throb of the
drum continued mercilessly until the doctor
in his sudorific bath struggled with an im-
pulse to seize his Express and make an end
of the tormentor.
  At about four he suddenly grabbed the
gun and, summoning Yamagulu, decided
that he would seek something upon which
he could wreak his exasperation. Yama-
gulu very naturally protested that neither
bird nor beast would be stirring before the
cool of the sinking sun, but the little doctor
felt that in such a country to thrust forward
reason was positively indecent and as in-
congruous as a Socratian debate in a lunatic
asylum.
  In the village not a body stirred. Unno-
ticed they selected the small canoe and em-
barked. The doctor directed the sullen
Yamagulu to paddle down-stream along
the bank until they should find fairly solid
ground to land. About half a mile away, as
they coasted just outside the guardian
swamp, he perceived a narrow passage in
the dense reed as if made by canoes. Up
this turgid waterway the doctor insisted
upon going. Fifty yards’ paddling and reed
hauling brought them within the line of the
great trees and upon fairly solid earth be-
neath the dense jungle.
  The doctor and the sullen Yamagulu
landed and tore their way for some dis-
tance, earning a bath of sweat in the proc-
ess. But this did not deter the doctor, who
had obstinately made up his mind that he
wanted distraction from the deadly ennui
of the village. Farther on they struck
higher ground and came upoD a grove of
considerable size.
  Suddenly the sulky Yamagulu came to
life and, touching the doctor’s arm, pointed
with his spear down the grove. The doctor
failed to distinguish anything in the tangle
of grass and bush. Then, just as he was
about to whisper, he detected part of a bush
that seemed to move. Slowly grew the
form of some large animaL Calculating for
the region of the heart, the doctor fired. A
convulsive motion of the bush, and there
leaped forth a big buck, high in the shoul-
ders and dappled like forest light and
shadow.
  Again the doctor fired. The beast swerved
to the right and disappeared. Yamagulu
raced forward. The doctor followed and
found him beside the buck. The first shot
had been a fluke; striking the animal in the
quarters as it had turned to flee, the bullet
had lodged in the spine, killing it instantly.
  “Okapi!” gasped the exultant doctor.
  But, as he stoojied, Yamagulu. grinning
delightedly, drew his attention to a broad
spoor through the dense grass which ten
yards from the kill was streaked with blood,
revealing that in all probability the mate
was severely if not mortally wounded. Ex-
citedly the doctor bade Yamagulu to stay
and skin the slain animal and hurried off on
the trail.
  The beast was big and evidently bleeding
heavily; so the spoor was easy to follow even
for a white man. On panted the doctor,
forgetful, as ever a hunter is, that time after
all is an arbitrary affair. The ground rose
steadily. The going became better at every
yard. Where the trail led through thick
bush, the beast had already forced a pas-
sage. As the ground sank into a slight val-
ley, he caught a glimpse of the okapi as it
dashed off from a shelter where it had ap-
parently rested for a moment.
The Tree of Life
  Wiping raining sweat from his eyes, the
enthusiastic doctor plugged on down into a
bog to his waist, dragged himself up the
other side and on—and on—and on the
littje man struggled until quite suddenly
the trail disappeared in a patch of jungle as
thick as a grass mat. The doctor hunted
furiously about—then with more care. No
sign of blood; the blood-trail had disap-
peared entirely; not even a broken grass
stem or twig could he find. Perhaps he
had overrun the trail?
  He cast about in circles. Fatigued and
panting, he sat down to rest and wipe his
streaming face. Just as he was about to
make another effort, it suddenly occurred to
him that the shadows seemed very dense.
He glanced up through the leafy roof. The
glittering ball of the sun was topping the
trees. In a panic he snatched his watch.
He stared incredulously at the nands point-
ing to a quarter past five. Only another
three-quarters of an hour to sunset.
  “-!” he muttered disappointedly.
“I’ll have to give him up now. I’ll go back
and help Yamagulu finish the skinning.”
  A rational and wise decision of the doc-
tor’s. He stepped forward briskly, hesi-
tated, made a pace and stopped altogether.
He glanced about in a bewildered childlike
fashion at the wall of tree trunks festooned
with creepers.
  “When the devil—what the—oh.”
  Again he stared around more incredu-
lously. Then very softly he said—
  “Oh, God!”
HE HAD no more idea of the direc-
tion from which he had come than
of the secret of the cult. He was
fatigued. So he sat down again, sagely
concluding that he might as well rest while
he thought the matter out systematically.
Yes. Systematically; that was the thing to
do. Now where was the sun when they had
killed the buck? Um. Ah. At first he
was sure that it had been over his right
shoulder; then as equally positive that it
had been behind him. Finally he con-
cluded that there hadn't been any-sun
at all.
  For a few moments the doctor was occu-
pied in informing himself exactly how many
different kinds of a fool he was; he be-
thought himself of Yamagulu and proceeded
to inform the. African continent what par-
ticular species of criminal idiots it pro-
163
duced. Then he plucked at his beard and
glanced at his watch again. Remained
about forty minutes of daylight—that is,
forest semi-gloom. Tropical twilight was
the only thing in Africa in a hurry, decided
the doctor bitterly. Then he rose deter-
minedly and, choosing a direction at ran-
dom, made the amusing assertion that he
would continue in a straight line.
  Within twenty yards he was bogged; he
tried another direction and found impene-
trable thicket; a third attempt found an-
other bog. A puzzled wonder as to how the
deuce he had ever arrived where he was
if the confounded jungle was nothing but
swamp-holes was broken by a brilliant idea.
Of course! He would just fire a few shots
which would bring the fool Yamagulu to
him. Accordingly at intervals of half a
minute he proceeded to carry out the
scheme, which, however, was arrested by the
appalling discovery that he only had left
another ten cartridges—with the probability
of spending the night in the jungle.
   For a while he stood still, trying to con-
centrate upon listening for the expected yell
from the succoring Yamagulu. In a few
moments he became aware of the voice of
the forest: a continued twittering hum,
murmurs like lachrymose sighs, tiny squeaks
and whispers, mysterious rustles, a sudden
chatter and a harsh squawk, then a faint
hooting. He fired another two cartridges
in rapid succession. The echoes appeared
like derisive laughter. A sudden screech
behind him made him start convulsively.
  “-!’’ he muttered as if afraid to speak
too loud lest some one hear. “I need a dose
of bromide.”
  The gloom appeared to be deepening with
a hissing noise as if it were slithering through
the leaves. Erupted unbidden into his
mind an exact knowledge of African car-
nivora. He glanced questioninglv toward a
tree. Images of gorillas and snakes shut-
tered his eyes swiftly. He grew violently
angry with himself at the discovery that he
was searching for things in the darkness.
Suddenly he cursed aloud, as if challenging
the whole menagerie of animals, and started
off swiftly straight ahead of him.
  Fighting with an impulse to run, strug-
gling to suppress imagination, the doctor
plowed on, tearing far more desperately
than he realized, through thickets of creep-
ers, tacking beside swamp-holes. Firmly he
persisted in telling himself his exact medical
164
Adventure
condition. The forest appeared to over-
hear his thoughts and to laugh in rustling,
weeping, insidious chuckles. Against his
will he pulled out his watch repeatedly to
peer at it in the gloom. Then he tore on to
stop a moment to listen for Yamagulu’s cry,
only to hear the forest tuning up for the
nocturnal anthem.
  The gloom was so dense now that he
could not see ahead of him. The canopied
roof seemed writhing with innumerable
arms, groping down—down. He crashed
hastily through a tangle of creepers which
seemed to be trying to strangle him,
splashed in water and saw the gleam of
moonlight on water. He stopped, drown-
ing mosquitoes in his own sweat, wondered
where he was, hoped that it was the creek
and shouted—
  “Yama-gu-o-o-o-o-o.”
  “Oo-oo-oo-o!” answered him.
  A violent .squawk brought him face
about with his rille to his shoulder. The
forest murmured and sighed; mosquitoes
buzzed in clouds.
  Yie-e! squealed a bird at him.
  Muttering something about a tree, he
blundered on along the swamp edge, fell
over something and grabbed. His hand
clutched the edge of a small canoe drawn
up on the swamp grass. At first hope
made him think that it was his canoe and
that Yamagulu was in the forest looking
for him. He gave a mighty yell. That
sobbing echo closed his mouth. A short
investigation showed him that the canoe
was smaller than his own. He glanced
across the glimmer of water at the dense
wall of the opposite jungle. Then sud-
denly like a caress he became aware of the
regular pulse of a distant drum.
  Desire carried the conviction that he had
landed on the farther side of the creek from
the village and that therefore by crossing
he could make the camp by following the
drum. He placed the rifle in, pushed the
canoe hurriedly over the swamp up to his
knees and clambered aboard. Pulling the
canoe along the swamp-grass, he made deep
water and began to paddle with his hands.
A dark object near the other side, which he
thought was a floating log, suddenly
splashed and disappeared.
  “Crocodiles!” he gasped and paddled
furiously.
  He landed without mishap, dragged the
canoe up as far as possible and stopped to
listen for the drum. He could hear noth-
ing save the weep of the jungle. The cur-
tain of the trees cut off the vibrations. He
hesitated a moment before plunging into the
dense shadows. The ground became firmer;
it began to rise. On and on he struggled’
scarcely conscious of the mosquitoes. Again
he saw the moon and a few paces farther on
stood on to the edge of a great glade. A
glow caught his eager eyes. He hastened
toward it. In the moonlight was the faint
outline of a hut.
  “Thank God!" he muttered. “The vil-
lage!”
  As he hurried on, he perceived a great
fence around the hut in which was the glow
of a fire at the base of an enormous tree.
The doctor reached the fence and peered
through. He put up his hand and wiped
his eyes.
  “My God!" he murmured. “Am I crazy?”
  Seated beneath the great tree in a camp-
chair in the moonlight was a bearded white
man in full evening dress; an opera hat was
tilted on liis head; the firelight glowed upon
the expanse of shirtfront.
rv
“HALLUCINATION!” muttered
the doctor and pawed at his damp
faceagain. But the image remained.
The head wras sunk forward slightly; the
brown beard straggled over the shirtfront;
one black-sleeved arm hung listlessly out-
side the chair, the other upon the right
knee. In the moonlight the eyes glinted
blue as the man stared at the fire.
  “But a white man in evening kit!” whis-
pered the doctor incredulously. “Here!
Good God! No, no,” he added after par-
ing at the outline of a square hut built be-
neath the enormous boughs of the giant
tree. “It is. I’m not crazy. The feller’s
crazy. Evening kit—good God! What
the—he must be crazy, poor devil!”
  The impulse to call out was inhibited.
He began to form excuses to himself.
  “I mustn’t call out suddenly,” he reflected,
“or maybe I shall scare the fife out of him.
I must humor the poor devil. Yes, yes.
Of course—unbalanced. They do go that
way out here. Queer. Understand it, too,
begad! Been in the forest all night per-
haps, poor devil,” he added quite as uncon-
scious of the ludicrous as of the fact jhat he
was in reality talking about himself.
The Tree of Life
165
  He opened his mouth and drew in his
breath, yet he did not call out. He
wriggled his shoulders as if trying to shake
off an incubus. Then he realized that he
was fearful that, if he shouted, the vision
would disappear and he would know that he
was crazy. He peered silently for a few
moments, blinking his eyes.
 “No,” he decided. “It is real. -
queer. That bloody forest upset my
nerves. Um, Um. Better find the gate
and let him see me when I shout. Mustn’t
scare the poor devil.”
  He began to move cautiously along the
palisade, six feet high, made of stout sap-
lings, swallowing and muttering excuses to
account to himself for not shouting. Stop-
ping occasionally to peep through the in-
terstices, he followed the circle until he came
to the great trunk of the tree, fully fifteen
feet in diameter. He paused again for an-
other look. That the vision was still there
he noted with a feeling of reassurance. As
he walked around the trunk, he was vaguely
conscious that it faced an open expanse of
the great grove, a cavern of basalt floored
with jade and topped with fantastic pinna-
cles of chrysoprase.
  On the other side he came upon the gate
barred with great heavy balks of timber.
The man sat exactly in the same position;
had not moved a finger apparently. A
wild thought that he was dead flitted across
the doctor's mind. He began to draw
breath to shout but stopped in indecision.
What should he say? “Hi? Hullo?” Per-
haps the man was not English. Probably
not? What then? The question grew into
absurd importance. Still the doctor stared
through the balk gate. The rustle of some-
thing in the grass behind him evoked an un-
easy movement and a clutching at the rifle,
destroyed the fascination in the ludicrous
argument as to exactly what he should say.
  “I say, hullo!”
  The man did not stir. Then the doctor
was aware that 'he had whispered. He
gripped his rifle lightly and with effort
shouted—
  “Hull-o!”
  “O-o!” repeated the grove.
  The doctor glared anxiously, dreading
that the figure would disappear. But the
head rose slowly; the eyes moved. Again
the head sank despondently.
  “lhank God, he is there,” muttered the
doctor, “but he thinks I’m an owl.”
  “I say—er—hullo!”
  Once more the beard rose slowly.
  “I say, I’m here!” continued the doctor
fatuously. He could see the eyes staring
as if mildly inquiring in the moonlight. “I
say, old chap, are you English? It’s all
right! Er—would you mind letting me in?”
He perceived the beard to part suddenly,
disclosing white teeth. The man was
smiling.
  “Good God,” murmured the doctor.
“He is crazy. Poor feller!
  “I say,” he began again, enunciating care-
fully, “I’ve lost—my—way, y’know. Would
you mind—letting me in? I’m Herd-
wether—Borden Millar Herd wether. Oh
-! Hi! I’m an English doctor, Mag-
dalen and London. I say, aren’t you En-
glish? Par/ez-vous franqais ? Eh?”
  Still smiling distinctly in the moonlight,
the man raised a white hand and slowly
waved it toward the doctor.
  “My God!” ejaculated the doctor, shud-
dering involuntarily. “.Am I crazy or are
you?”
  He stared. The eyes resumed the de-
spondent contemplation of the fire.
  “What on earth am I to do? He thinks
I’m not here, and I thought he wasn’t.” He
pawed at his damp hair. “If I throw any-
thing to attract his attention, he’ll think I’m
a lion or some wild animal. And I’m not.”
The little doctor was unconscious of the
whimper in his voice. “I can’t stop out
here all uight, -it, and who is he, any-
way? But what’s he want to dress for?”
he complained bitterly and glanced behind
him at the cavern of the grove.
  The doctor became aware of an illusion
that he was within a barred cage like a cap-
tive monkey and that the man inside the
fence was free. “There must be wild ani-
mals, or else he wouldn’t have this con-
founded fence. Um.”
  The strange man rose to his feet, yawned
and stretched his arms.
  “O God, he’s going to bed!” muttered the
doctor resentfully. “It can’t be more than
nine o’clock.” Then desperately, as the tall
black back revealed the swallow tails, he
shouted: “Hii! For God’s sake, let me in!”
The tall figure turned sharply in his direc-
tion.
  “Yes!” bawled the doctor. “It’s all
right! I’m here, I tell you! Herdwetlier!”
The man was staring in his direction.
“Yes, yes, come and let me in, and I’ll
i66
Adventure
explain!” The beard waggled slowly as if in
regretful dissent. “I am here!” yelled Lhe
doctor frantically. “Englishman. Doctor.
I’m lost. Help!”
  The man took two paces, stopped, and
spoke incomprehensible words.
  “No! no!” screamed the doctor. “Speak
English! P cadet franqaisl”
  He could sec the beard move as if the
man were talking to himself. Suddenly
the fellow stoo]>ed, picked up a glowing fire-
brand and slowly walked toward the gate.
   “God, he thinks I'm a gorilla,” muttered
the doctor and involuntarily brought up his
ritie.
   “For God’s sake, speak, man!” he yelled.
“I’m real, 1 tell you! I’m a white man!”
The bearded man in full evening dress with
a firebrand in his hand stopped abruptly
and stared toward the fence.
  “A white man!” he exclaimed. “Where?
Oh, my God, where?”
  “Here! Here! I’m lost! Let me in! I’m
lost!”
  The man hesitated, moved as if to throw
away the brand, arrested his arm and
stooped again to peer at the fence.
  “Who and what are you?” he demanded.
“Are you real—or am I crazy? Speak!”
"“No. No. I’m real!” shouted the doctor.
“I’m English, I tell you.”
       THE man appeared satisfied, for
he threw away the firebrand and
advanced with long eager strides '
toward the gate, wrenched up the balks of
timber and then, as if suddenly suspicious,
leaped backward clear of the entrance.
The doctor walked through, took off his hel-
met and held out his hand.
“How d'you do, sir! I’m Herdwether.”
The big man gazed down at him and
placed a hand to his forehead perplexedly.
  “I suppose it’s all right,” he mumbled.
“-if I know. Er—how d’vou do!” He
touched the extended hand perfunctorily.
“I—er—don’t quite understand—yet. You
said—are you a white man?”
  “Yes, yes,” said the doctor soothingly.
“Wliite, I assure you. English doctor,
y’know. I—er—lost my way and—and
saw your fire; so I just came along.”
  “Oh.”
   The eyes were still regarding him rather
like a great child, uncertain as to w-hether
the visitor was a tramp or an angel.
  “My name’s Herdwether—Borden Millar
Herdwether. I'm here on a commission,
y’know. Forgive me. I haven’t the pleas^
ure-”
  “Eh? Oh.”
   Gazing incredulously, the man shook his
l>eard as if trying to throw off an illusion.
“Sorry. Er—I'm Bukely—Warren-Dukelv,
y’know.”
   “What! Warren-Dukely, the explorer?”
exclaimed the doctor in astonishment.
   The man giggled, throwing Ijack his head.
  “I beg your pardon!” he added more
rationally.
   “Not at all,” said the doctor. “Not at
all. Er—I wonder if you’d mind if we sit
down? I—er—I'm rather fagged out.”
  “Fagged out, what?” The words ap-
peared to act as a restorative. “I say,
I’m awfully sorry. Of course! Come
along." He started off toward the fire,
stopped abruptly and, murmuring, “For-
gotten the door, old boy!” hurried back and
readjusted the balks.
  The doctor waited for him. trying to
catch a glimpse of the face. The man re-
turned with great eager strides and to the
doctor’s amazement caught him by the
shoulders and spun him around face to the
moon.
  “Good God Almighty!” he exclaimed.
“That's good!" He dropped him as sud-
denly. “I say, I beg your pardon! You
must forgive me, I—er—I'm a little off my
chump, y’know. I—well, as a matter of
fact. I haven’t seen a white man for years.
1 don’t know. I—but come and sit down.”
He strode forward to the hut, his swallow
tails flirting in the moonlight, and emerged,
dragging another camp-chair. “Sit down,
old man. By the way, I didn’t quite
catch? Herwether?”
   “Herdwether,” said the doctor, sitting,
and he almost giggled as he saw the man
pick up his tails as he sat as if he were in a
club.
   Dukely still stared a little incredulously.
The doctor observed in the fire-glow the
gauntness of the cheek-bones and the sunken
eyes. Embarrassed, he looked at the fire,
thinking—
   “He can’t be quite crazy if he knows it,
but what on earth is he dressed for!”
   Conscious of the eyes devouring him, he
sat still, considerately waiting for his host to
speak.
“My God, it’s good to see you!” exclaimed
Dukely at length. “I—d’you know I heard
The Tree of Life
your voice calling, but—but, - it, I
thought I was dreaming.”
  “I understand,” said the doctor quietly.
“One gets rather ratty after a while.
Begin to see things if you’re not careful.
Er—V you camping near here?”
  “Yes,” assented the doctor. “Down at
Basa-something’s village, wherever that is.
I was out shooting, y’know, and got lost.”
“Oh yes.”
  As he stole a glance at the man, a black
sleeve crept out, and a hand lightly touched
his arm. Involuntarily the doctor started.
Yet he had noticed that the hand was well
kept, the nails polished.
  There was silence for some minutes. The
forest murmured and whispered and wept.
Yet the sinister note was missing to the doc-
tor’s ears. Twice he glanced up at the
bearded gaunt face. The man continued
to stare almost like a yokel gawping at
a circus fat lady. The doctor was embar-
rassed. A thousand questions leaped to his
mind.
  “Er,” he broke out at length. - “I wonder
whether you have such a thing as a glass of
water? I’m simply parched.”
  Dukely leaped from his chair as if gal-
vanized.
  “Certainly, certainly!” he muttered. “I’m
an awful rotter!” and he disappeared into
the hut to emerge writh a calabash of water.
  “Oh, thanks very much!” The doctor
hesitated, glanced at the hut and up at the
tall man in evening dress. He fumbled at
his hip pocket. “Um. I—you don’t mind
if I—do you care for whisky?”
  “Whisky!” echoed Dukely. The eyes
brightened at the glint of a silver flask and
were masked politely. “Good God, I
haven’t tasted whisky for—oh thanks!”
  He almost grabbed, swallowed at a gulp,
the tot of spirit which the doctor had prof-
erred in the screw-cap; then he gasped, shak-
ing his head at Lhe calabash. The doctor took
his share and a deep drink of water. As he
placed the calabash on the ground beside
him, the man sat down slowly and fell to
gazing at his visitor again without speaking.
  “Good God,” thought the doctor, “is he
going to stare at me all night?”
  “Er by the way,” said he desperately,
“have you—are you staying here long?”
  The man started and seemed to shiver.
He said slowly—
  “Well, I’m going to be married in a day or
so.”
  “Oh, yes, ah, of course,” assented the doc-
tor politely.
“I’m the King of the Wood, y’know.”
“Oh, yes, yes,” ejaculated the doctor as he
thought, “My God, he’s as mad as a hatter.”
V
      THE man with the beard laughed,
      a rusty throaty sound, and stroked
      his nose delicately.
  “I beg your pardon,” said he. “I’m a
little ratty. I mean I’ve been so long—er—
here that—I forget that everybody doesn’t
know—well, who I am and that sort of
thing.”
  “Quite so, quite so. Very usual phe-
nomenon.”
  “Of course,” continued the explorer,
gaining more rationality in the tone of his
speech and leaning forward in his chair;
“you probably think I’m as mad as a
hatter.” The doctor looked away. “Not
quite—yet.” He stared at the fire medi-
tatively. “By the way, what did you say
you were here for, sir?”
  “I’m on a commission; economic and
social investigation, y’know.”
  “Social, eh? That’s good!” Again he
emitted a throaty chuckle. “We’re fright-
fully keen on sociolog}' here. Oh-, yesl
Er—but didn’t you say you were a medical
man?”
  “Yes.”
  “H’m. Perhaps you’ll understand a
little better. Although I don’t see why
you should. I mean you won’t be so
inclined to think I'm quite insane.”
  “Not at all. Not at all.”
  “But you do! Oh yes. Quite natural.
I should myself. By the way, you’re not
in a hurry, are you?”
  “Oh no, not at all.”
  The teeth gleamed through the beard
in a smile at the fire. Dukely shifted rest-
lessly and looked up again.
  “That whisky of yours, Doctor, has
bucked me up a lot—pulled me together.
I ran out six months ago. You know I’m
not insane.”
  “No, no,” assented the doctor, still won-
dering. “But have another.”
  “Thanks, old man!”
  The skinny white hand again just re-
frained from grabbing the screw-cap.
  “By the Lord, that’s good!” he gasped
as he handed back the flask. “Queer
168
Adventure
how the bally stuff stings after so long.
Er. H’m.”
  “Have a cigar?” added the doctor.
“Good Lord!” Heartiness was creeping
in to the voice. “That's awfully good of
you! No, don’t bother for a match.”
  He bent forward, picked a firebrand with
delicate fingers and sighed at the first
puff. He sat back seemingly absorbed
in the joy of the inhalation. The doctor
began to note details: that the shirt was
soft and yellow, frayed; the parched skin
drawn tightly over an acquiline nose, and
the care bestowed on the liands; even the
beard had been trimmed.
  “Yes,” began Warren-D ukely reflec-
tively. “I’m the King of the Wood.”
Again the doctor was conscious of the
thrill imparted by insanity. “No, I’m
not insane, Doc. I—am exactly what
I say. Let me see. Confound it, there is
something the matter with my mind.
Difficult of—er—grasping what I want
to say. You ought to understand that,
eh?”
  “Perhaps you haven’t spoken English
for a long time. Do you think in English?”
“No, that’s it, by God! Good Lord,
I never realized il until now. Never
realized that I was so far gone. H’m.
Now I will get started! Are vou listening.
Doc?”
  “Yes, yes, of course.”
  “Well, I was—or am, I suppose—am
Warren-D ukely—I told you that, didn’t I?
Yes. All right. Now I’m the King of
the Wood. - it! Do you hear that
drum?”
  The doctor listened and was aware of
the faintest possible vibration.
  “Yes. It’s the drum in the village,
isn’t it?”
  “Oh yes, the drum all right. Only—”
He sighed and suddenly placed one hand
over his eyes as if shutting out a vision.
“I beg your pardon. I’ll try to get on—
and tell vou what a mess you’re in.”
  “I am?”
  “Oh, I’ll tell you. Er—about three
years ago—or was it four? Wrhat’s the
date, old man?”
  “Date? Oh—er—about the fourteenth of
February, I think.”
  “God, yes, my stick’s right. That’s the
drum.”	,
  “What drum?”
  “My drum. But never mind. Er—
well—oh yes. -it, I wish you’d give mt
something. But, of course, you can’t—
here. 1 mean I boggle so. * Don’t you
nolice it?”
   "A little. l ake your time, old man.”
“Malaria, 1 suppose. And my quinine
ran out some time ago.”
“Oh, I shall be glad to let you have some.’'
“Let me have some?” The eyes stared
at the little doctor. “That’s 'good—all
right. I’ll go on. By the way, did you
say you were Jesus?”
  “No; Magdalen.’’
  Warren-p ukely smiled at the fire and
puffed at his cigar, seeming tohaveforgotlen
his guest The pulse of the drum was
so faint lliat it appeared like the strokes
of an invisible baton conducting the noc-
turnal anthem. A cricket shrilled piercingly
£nd ceased. A distant prolonged yowl
was just audible. The doctor was watch-
ing Warren-Dukely with professionally
keen eyes; he observed certain spasmodic
twitches of the bare toes and a persistent
scratching at the chair arm with one
polished finger-nail.
  “1 guess I must have been before your
time, anyway,” he said conversationally.
  “Eh?” The start was convulsive. He
stared at the doctor; then the eyes smiled.
“Oh, I beg your pardon. One gets to
dreaming—more or less. Er—what the
mischief was I gassing about?”
  “You were going to tell me how you
became King of the Wood.”
  “King of the Wood? Did I say that—
really? This cigar seems awful strong, by
the way. Still, years since I smoked one.”
Suddenly he sprang to his feet and,
bending over -the doctor’s chair, touched
his bare hand as he picked up the calabash.
He stood with the water in his hand and
smiled down at the visitor in a relieved
manner.
  “I wonder whether you could spare?” he
insinuated.
   “I don’t think you had better,” observed
the doctor quietly. “A little later perhaps.
You’re not accustomed to it, y’know.”
“Quite right! Quite right! And you’ll
need it yourself. I’d forgotten that.”
  “I’ll need it? Oh, you mean—it isn’t
that. I’ve a good supply with me.”
   “So had I, old boy; so had I,” muttered
Warren-Dukely as he turned away with
the calabash of water in his hand. By the
chair he stopped, glanced at it and threw
The Tree of Life
it away irritably. “- it, I continually
do that. Carry things about. Still what
does it matter?’'
  Sticking the cigar in his mouth, he be-
gan to pace up and down before the fire,
staring at the ground. The doctor did
not disturb him. Presently he began with
a jerk:
“I’VE got it, by Jove. I know. I
began yarning about that first
expedition, didn’t I? Well, after
that Africa seemed to get in my blood.
I broke off the engagement with Sybil.
Had to, only decent thing to do. Can’t
expect a woman to wait—like a sergeant’s
wife? An’ one can’t drag her around
here, eh? 'Sides, I’m not a marrying
man. Never was. Poor old Sybby. I
wonder whether she’s still running the
Cheshire?
  “Oh well, on the second trip I had a
mania to come through Tchad, pick np
Boyd .Alexander’s trail—poor old boy—
and zigzag down through the Albert Lakes
and land eventually in Rhodesia. I circled
Tchad and went off to the Dinka country.
Told you all that though, didn’t I? Well,
never mind. I tacked back here an’ barged
into old Basayaguru as you -did, eh? An’
the -- old cutthroat made me King of
the Wood!”
  He stopped to raise his head and emit
that throaty chuckle. The doctor, watch-
ing him keenly, began to revise his opinion
of his sanity. He wheeled round, one hand
stuck under the tails of his coat and the
other holding the cigar.
  “Bally idiot, ain’t I?” he demanded.
“You wait, ol’ boy! Your inning’s next for
King of the Wood.” He barked rather
than laughed this time.
  “Still, I’ve played the game, - your
eyes!” He appeared to be addressing
somebody unseen, but he said, “No, I
mean you, Doc.” He began to pace again
moodily. “Sorry, ol’ chap,” he said as
abruptly. “You’ll understand as soon
as I can spit it out. I say, the old boy’s
very generous with his ivory an’ stuff,
isn’t he?”
  “Yes."
 “H’m. Thought so. Invited you to
witness the Marriage of the Sacred Tree,
didn’t he?”
  “Y-yes,” admitted the little doctor,
wondering why he felt uneasy.
 “Same hellish trick. Still, it would have
 been the same anyway. How many men
 have you, Doc?”
 “Twenty-five. Three canoes.”
 “All armed?”
 “Well—Sniders enough for all of ’em,
 but-”
 “Oh pish!” he waved an impatient hand.
 “Wrhat bally rot I’m talking. Isn’t a
 dog’s chance. My dear old boy, I had
 fifty—all armed with Martinis.”
 I’m afraid I don’t understand.”
 “Good God, of course you don’t! I say,
 know anything about folklore?”
 “A little.”
 “Talked about the Sacred Tree, didn’t
 they?”
 “Yes.”
 “Well, that’s the bloody thing there!”
 He raised a hand to the giant tree above
 him. “Mother of all an’ has to have a
 husband every year.”
 “So I understand. My head man, Ali
 Mohammed, told me that they have
 muddled some ancient Arab philosophy
 with their own superstitions. Very inter-
 esting ceremony, I should imagine.”
 “Interestin’ ceremony! -!”
 Agitatedly the tall man began to pace
 up and down before the fire again, sucking
 fiercely at the stump of the cigar.
 “I’m to be the - thing’s husband,”
 he jerked out.
 “Indeed,” said the doctor interestedly,
 for he knew of many ceremonies prevalent
 in Europe as elsewhere of the symbolical
 marriage of a girl to a tree. Then sud-
 denly, “Oh, you mean that they’ve kept
 you here a prisoner for this ceremony of
 theirs? But that’s nonsense. I mean of
 course I’ll help you to-”
 Warren-Dukely wheeled upon him
 swiftly and, pointing his cigar at him,
 cried:
 “But you - fool. I’ve told you
 you're trapped for the next husband.”
 “Husband!” repeated the little doctor
 bewilderedly.
 “Yes, yes.”
 “But what—w’hat happens to you?”
 “Me? I’m sacrificed to this confounded
 ju-ju. Are you blind? The night of the
 marriage orgy they carve me up, wipe out
 your camp and stick you here to make
 magic for twelve moons.”
 “My God!” ejaculated the little doctor,
 half rising to his feet.
iyo
Adventure
          VI
WARREN-DUKELY hurled his
cigar stump into the fire, turned on
his heel and flung his body into his
chair. The doctor remained for a moment,
staring incredulously; then, as if he had
grasped the import of the man’s words
and had decided that they were sane, he
stood up abruptly and came over to
Warren-Dukely.
  “This—this seems incredible! Ifi the
twentieth century! I-”
  The polished nails gleamed in the fire-
light as the delicate hand patted the
doctor’s arm half-caressingly, half-reas-
suringly.
  “It isn’t, my dear old boy; this isn’t!
It’s before the flood. Sit down, Doc; I feel
better now I’ve got that off my chest.
For twelve moons I’ve been dying to tell
a white man that! My God!”
  “But—is it true?” demanded the doctor,
conscious of the fingers spasmodically
clutching his arm.
  “It’s true, all right; true as death!”
The eyes gleamed as the beard emitted the
throaty chuckle. “Sit down, old boy.”
Doctor Herdwether returned to his chair
confusedly, unable yet to decide whether
or no the story was the result of a dis-
ordered brain. Warren-Dukely dragged
over his chair close beside the doctor’s
and leaned forward.
  “My brain’s all right now, Doc. Er—
forgive me, but I can’t resist touching you—
to see if you’re there, y’know. By the way,
that’s why I dress sometimes. Just to try
to keep myself sane. Helps. Can’t fool
around all day an’ night doin’ nothin’.
I mean even cleanin’ oneself an’ pretendin’
things keeps—oh, reminds one of what
one was. Otherwise—well, it isn’t done,
is it? Not playing the game.”
  “But if—what you inferred—we might
escape—ought not to lose any time.”
“Time! You dear old thing! I’ve been
sitting here for twelve moons wastin’ time,
ain’t I? This is an island: crocs all
round.”
  “But I’ve got a canoe!” exclaimed the
doctor. “I came in it.”
  “Really? An’ what the blazes ’s the
good of that? I tried, old boy. You bet
your life I did. I hadn’t got a canoe, but
I got across on a log in spite of the bloody
crocs. I wished I hadn’t. They got me
 three days—or centuries—later. I dunno.
 Want to live in the jungle, eh?”
   “God!’ said the doctor and shuddered.
 "But we could make my camp an'-”
   “Your camp! In the village, isn't it?
 ‘Sides, did you blaze your trail here, eh?
 W'hich direction did you come from?”
 The little doctor made an inarticulate noise
 as he glanced over liis shoulder. “No, it
 wasn’t that way. That’s where the village
 is. And, I say, for how long d’you think
 we two an’ your twenty-five rats could
 put up a scrap against the mob? My dear
 old boy, we haven’t got a dog’s chance.
 I’ve known it for twelve moons. Come,
 buck up’ an’ we’ll have a chat before we
 go—or rather I go! But I’m not goin’.
 that way, by God! Playing the game or
 not!” v*
   “What do you mean?”
   One long arm shot up like a salute to
 the great bough above them.
   “You’ll see in daylight. Has a pod
 thing. Poison.”
  “But—but—” exclaimed the doctor,
 jumping to his feet.	\
  “But! But!” mocked Warren-Dukelv
 harshly. “What the devil’s the use of
 butting? W’e’re not goats. ’Sides, I've
 butted for twelve bloody moons. Come,
 old boy, let’s have a drink, an’—an’ we’ll
 toddle along to Stone’s an’ finish up at the
 Empire! -! Sit down, man!”
   Suddenly he sprang to his height and
 slapped the doctor on the shoulder so that
 he sat down hurriedly. Then, tilting the
 opera hat upon the side of his head like a
 comedian, he lifted up his beard toward the
 moon and trolled in a husky tenor:
  “Come, landlord, fill the flowing bowl until it doth
    run over—ove-er!
  For tonight we'll mem-, merry be!
  For tonieht we’ll merry, merry be!
  For tonight we'll merry, mcrr-y b-e-e-!
  Tomorrow we’ll be so-ber!’’
   At the last w'ord he snatched off his hat
 and stood bareheaded in the moonlight as
 the forest answered coldly—
 \ “O-be-r.”
   “Listen!” he cried, gesturing largely.
 “There’s my faithful pal! Never goes back.
 Always kgrees with me! The only English
 voice I’ve heard for fourteen moons! Come
 on, old boy! Let’s have a drink. God
 knows I’m dry enough! -!” he ex-
 claimed, crushing the hat beneath his arm
The Tree of Life
 and bowing satirically to the doctor. “For
 God’s sake, buck up! I’m neither drunk
 nor crazy! But, Lord, you’re the first
 entertainment I’ve had for twelve moons!
 Fourteen moons! Moon! Moons! Moons!
Nothing but moons! Wilde knew-little
about moons to what I know! I’ve
watched; I’ve studied; I've wooed—every
bloody one of the fourteen moons!”
  “Sit down!” said the doctor sharply.
  “Eh.”
  The tall figure wheeled toward him.
  “Sit down, and we’ll have a drink. But
don’t get excited.”
  “Excited! You dear old duck, I haven’t
had such a time since ma died!”
  The hat went careering wildly through
the moonlight, turned a somersault and
settled drunkenly on one rim. Warren-
Dukely dragged his chair a foot, lumped
into it and caught his hand to his eyes.
  “Sorry, old man; I’ll be good. Fire
ahead with that drink though.” Then in
a dreary voice as the doctor pulled out the
flask, “You know' you haven’t an idea as
to what this means to me. One gets used
to anything in life. But—well, I did want
to speak to a white man once more. Tribal,
of course, but—” He dropped his hand
to watch at the gurgle of liquid. “You
know, Doc, old pal, I’m so - glad to
see you! I feel like a bally woman wel-
comin her lover an’ all that sort of thin*.
I’m glad, but I guess you ain’t.”
  “Here, drink this, and you’ll feel better,”
said the doctor, proffering the screw-cap.
  “Thanks!” Warren-Dukely gulped the
liquor at a draft. “Lord, how it bites!
Now you have a drink, an’ I’ll try to tell
you what sort of a picnic you’re in for.
Oh, thanks a million times!”
  He accepted the cigar, lighted it with a
brand, leaned back and puffed reflectively.
The distant anthem pulsed steadily. A
night-bird squawked persistently. The
faint vibration of the drum just reached
them. After lighting his cigar, the doctor
said quietly:
  “You know, Dukely, I can’t quite realize
this. I-”
  “Of course, you can’t! It’s taken me
twelve moons to realize it. Oh,-those
moons.”
  “No; I mean there must be some way-
out of it. We can’t be murdered by these
savages.”
  “I object, I admit.” The throaty chuckle
wTas repeated. “Now let me tell you, an’
then you’ll understand, I’ll guarantee.
Er. H’m. My mind’s foggin’ again. Oh,
yes, I know-.”
  He stared up at the sinister boughs of
the giant tree. The eyes hardened.
  The nervous twitching of the fingers
began again.
  “Yes, I think I can do it. You need
it, anyhow—to understand.” He leaned
forward, kicked the embers of the fire into
a blaze and plunged abruptly:
  “I told you how they caught me, eh?
With the same trick of apparent friendliness.
Invited me to the show, y’know. Very
well. Two days before that drum there
began. Sound physiological idea. Works
’em up. All right. On the openin’ night
I was led here an’ given an orchestra stall
while the orchestra was tunin’ up. Same
moon. Same tree. Whole crowd of ’em
here. Mumblin’ an’ chantin’ just beyond
there in the open space. Old chief on his
bally throne tiling an’ the young ’un.
Master of ceremonies—your pal— Yes,
I’ll bet he’s been your special friend, eh?
With his head-dress—looked like a lord
mayor’s hat.
  “Well, whole bunch of young girls an’
my illustrious predecessor, the King of the
Wood. He sat beneath the tree there
just outside the gate. Of course. I didn't
twig the game—then. D’you see ’em in
the moonlight? Then that - drum-
ming—all the time—persistent—seemed to
get in your bally head, y’know, or your
veins—heart. I felt excited myself. Seen
various sort of dances before an’ all that.
But—somehow this was different. Real
thing, I suppose.
  “Sort of tiling they never do for white
men except when they’re—they’re to be
the piece de resistance, y’know. But I
didn’t. They had told me somethin’ about
the principle of the thing: the marriage
of the husband person—a great big devil
by the way, more negro than these people.
Came from the Kameroons, I believe;
prisoner of war. They have an amusing
idea that the bigger the man the more
the lady—I mean the tree—is pleased. More
power, I suppose. Of course, white man an*
white magic an’ all that.
  “Well, they kept up this - drum-
ming an’ wnigglin’ about—usual witch-
doctor business—for the devil of a time.
Drinkin’ all the time native beer, y’know.
172
Adventure
Fermented corn. Then the girls’ stomach-
dances an’ all that. Meanwhile the big
feller sat up there in the shadow of the
tree, sulky, silent. God knows whether
he knew what was coming. I began to get
bored.” Again that throaty chuckle with
a harsh rasp to it. “God—see the same
old thing all over again. Then, just as the
moon spilled over that big bough there
and covered the big negro, there came a
change. That must have been the mystic
sign, I suppose.
  “Well, your pal, Yamala, prancing about
suddenly ceased his croonin’ row and
darted at the fellow, together with a crowd
of other black devils. I heard the scream.
I didn’t realize what. They had him
stripped over there in the moonlight—an’
a knife—old Yamala.” The beard jerked
as if he were biting his lips.
  “God—I’ve seen things. Of course, you’re
a doctor an’ used to carvin’—but, God, it
would have made you sick.” Again he
moved restlessly in his chair. “They cut
him alive—screeches—poor devil—then
they—they put it up there.” He actually
pointed to the exact spot. Up there in the
fork of that bough. See? I vomited.”
  The hum of the insectile anthem con-
tinued remorselessly to the beat of the
invisible baton. A cricket sang a shrill
solo and ceased. Far away was the effect
of sorrow in a hyena. Only one cigar
glowed like the fierce eye of a dragon.
From the doctor came an inarUculate noise.
VII
      WARREN-DUKELY stooped for a
      brand to relight his cigar. He
      puffed thirstily.
  “Twelve moons ago. The Cycle eh? Still.
Well, then I wanted to go. My head man
was with me—poor devil! They were too
busy to notice me. Then—I went off and
down to the canoes. But there weren’t any
canoes—at least not where we had landed.
They must have hidden them somewhere
else on the island. Of course, I didn’t know
then that it was an island. Well, I was in a
-of a rage. I came blunderin’ back here.
Blood-drunk an’ crazy. Orgy, of course.
  “Just over there cookin’ parts of the
body on great fires. Blood an’ hair and wo-
men all over the place. Saturnalia. I might
as well have expected a rational answer
from a lunatic asylum. My boy was gone.
I wish to God I’d shot 'em. I couldn't
have got 'em all, of course, but most of ’em
before they had come to their senses. But
I didn't know. I cleared off an’ walked
about all night. Then—of course, 1 had not
a notion—what—what—well, you know
now.
  “I came back in the dawn. The drums
were going. Some still dancin’ like stuffed
vultures. Others gorged, slept. They
made me sick. I went off an’ sat under a
tree—that one over there. I decided to
clear out next day, as I couldn’t undertake
to wipe out the tribe. Yet I recollect that
I thought what a toppin account it would
make in a book. Queer ideas one gets—
when Fate’s playin’ round. Oh God!
Y'know, Doc, I’ve wondered sometimes—
since—when I’ve been wooin’ the moon
there, whether we aren’t all merely charac-
ters—an’-rotten ones mostly, eh? In
a book? What? But, Lord, I’d like to get
my hands on my author who put me here—
an’ you. Sorry.”
  He ceased abruptly, puffed twice and
shot out—
   “Well, what are you goin’ to do about it,
Doc?”
  “I really don’t know.” The little doc-
tor’s voice had lost the irritable note; he
appeared to have regained his consult ing-
room tone—suave, impersonal. “But what
did you do then—in the morning?”
  “I do? - an’ Tommy, what d you
think I could do? They pinched my rifle
while I slept. Then they trotted me up to
this place. Oh yes, I objected. Still, they
were an ugly crowd, an’ lots of ’em. Of
course, I didn’t know what was up at the
time. As a matter of fact they flung me in
here and then skedaddled. I roamed
around to find out that the darned place was
an island. Among other things I found
were about a couple of dozen heads of my
men, on the trees down there, courteous re-
minder, y’know.
   “They starved me for three days, an’ then I
began to find goats left in the stockade here
while I was away huntin’ round for some
one to kill. After about ten days of that
sort of thing, I dunno—they brought one
of my men in a canoe an’ made him inter-
pret for me. Of course, I got as mad as —*-
when the feller told me about the husband
business of the magic tree an’ all that. He
said they had all been wiped—except him-
self—and eaten.
V
The Tree of Life
173
  “After that I tried to escape. I told you,
eh? That cured me—or broke me. I dun-
no. I was delirious when they brought me
back here. I pulled through an’ found all
mv gear here—more or less—except guns.
The other things they thought were magic
an’ were scared to interfere with ’em, even
the whisky, thank Heaven.”
  “The whisky?” queried the doctor sharp-
ly. “Didn’t they drink that?”
  “No. Brought up all, nearly all, my gear
except my rifles. Didn’t know what whisky
was probably—or thought it was magic
stuff.”
 “Oh,” commented the doctor. “Um.
Um. I say, how about your medicine-chest?
Have you got it still?”
  “Oh yes; quinine all finished.”
 “Um. How about opium?”
  “Finished, too. You see, old boy, that
was rather useful sometimes—when the
whisky had run out. Gives you sleep at
at any rate.”
  “Got any aconite?”
  “No.”
 “Laudanum?”
  “Finished, too. Partly for same reason;
also had dysentery, y’know. Why?”
“Why because I don’t intend to provide
a post-mortem lecture for your witch-
doctor friend.”
  “Oh, well you’ll have twelve moons to
think it over.”
  “Nonsense.”
  Warren-Dukely yawned lazily.
  “You’ll find out, old boy, same as I did.
A year of contemplation sobers you up a bit.
What’s it matter after all? I don’t care
what they do afterward.”
  “Look here, Dukely; get that out of your
mind.”
  “That’s all right, Doc. You’re fresh an’
eager—same as I was then. I was mad to
see a white once more. An’ you’ve given
me that. Of course, I'm sorry that you’ll
have to pay such a price for my amusement,
but,-it, old man, 1 didn’t lug you here,
did I? I wish you better luck than I’ve
had. By the way, you’ll find in my effects
various letters an’ things for my people.
An’, Doc, if God’s kinder to you than He
is to me, I want you not to give away
the cheap horrors to—to my own people
and pals, an’ don’t let the papers get hold
of the yarn.
  “I’m not dancin’ round in hell to make
a journalists’ holiday. All details of my
trip an’ notes on customs, particularly
the legends an’ practises among our dear
friends here, are together in the canvas-
covered book addressed to the R. G. S.”
He glanced at the doctor, who was leaning
forward, elbow's on knees, staring fixedly
at embers. “Don’t seem interested, eh,
Doc? You’re right. Talkin’ rot, ain’t I?
I mean, how the blazes ’re you goin* to get
’em out yourself? I tried—all sorts of
crazy ideas.
  “Put notes in bottles an’ chucked ’em
in the swamp. Island don’t touch the
main stream; of course they stopped there—
unless old Surgeon Yamala has found ’em
an’ turned ’em into ju-ju medicine or
somethin’. Well, I’m goin’ to turn in.
Get plenty of rest for the show tomorrow
night—or is it today.” He glanced at the
moon. “No; can’t be more than eleven.
Ha! All the theaters cornin’ out, eh? Poor
old Piccadilly. Recollect that night I was
chucked out of the Empire! Ah well—
I can give you a dose on the floor, Doc,
same as me.”
“SIT down,” snapped the doctor
as he began to rise from his chair.
“I’ve got an idea.”
  “Sweet infant! So had I by the dozen.
Brilliant ideas every ten minutes. I know.”
“Shut up and sit down!”
  “All right, old man. I'm not pressed
for time. Fire ahead!”
  “Look here; as far as I can make out
from wrhat you tell me and wrhat I’ve seen,
we may have a sportin’ chance.”
  “- sportin’!”
  “Shut up, Dukely! You’re fagged.
With twelve months of this an’ fever an’
all that 3'our nerves are in a rotten condi-
tion, naturally; your constitution’s under-
mined, which affects your will. You see
things-”
  “See things! Oh my hat!”
  “I said see things as they are not. Now
Irv to pull yourself together an’ answer my
questions.”
  “Certainly, old boy. Fire ahead!”
  “Sit up in your chair with your head
forward and your back stiff, Dukely,”
commanded the doctor. “Get that spine-
less despair out of your mind—just for five
minutes—and I'll give you a tonic that’ll
buck you up. That’s'it! Now! What
time exactly do they begin the—the show?”
“Eight-thirty; early doors seven!”
174
Adventure
“Don’t be a - fool, Dukely. I’m
 serious.”
 “Sorry, old boy; thought it was a joke!”
 “Well, what time? Before sunset or
 after?”
 “At the rising of the moon. But what
 that’s got to-”
 “Shut up and listen! Do they start
 drinking immediately?”
 “You bet they do!”
 “Good. What’s the beer kept in? Large
 calabashes?”
 “Yes ”
 “Where?”
 “All over the place. Mostly near the
 tree.”
 “When do they bring the beer?”
 “Bring the beer? Why several days
 beforehand. Has to settle, y’know.”
 “Is it here now, then?”
 “Yes.” Dukely gestured behind him.
 “At the back of my hut there. Gallons of
 the stuff.”
 “Um.” The little doctor wriggled
 slightly. “Now about this tree. What
 is it?”
 “The magic tree. Tree of Life they call
 it.”
 “You said it was poisonous?”
 “Yes.”
 “Of what species is it?”
 “I dunno. Seems to be- of the same
 family as the baobab—Andansonia^’know.
 But yet quite unlike the baobabs of the
 South. Never seen one like it before.”
 “Um. Citric tribasic,” muttered the
 doctor. “No good.” He stared up at the
 great boughs and, jumping to his feet in his
 nervous- manner, went across and began
 to pick at the bark of the great bole.
 “That’s not Andansonia!” he commented
 with a leap in his voice as he returned to his
 chair. ‘*Don’l know what it is. Un-
 classified, I should say.”
 “No, I don’t think it’s baobab. Wouldn’t
 be poisonous if it were.”
 “Do they ever use it?”
 “Yes. On the—husband. They say that
 it is the blood of the mother which he must
 eat before he is—married.”
 “Ah! What’s the effect?”
 “Oh God, Doc, that’s what I want to
 know. They—they don’t give the poor
 devil a chance to die. The stuff of the pod
 is thrust down his throat an’ then—
 what I described. But what’s the scheme?
 Shove it in the beer an’ poison the swine?
My hairy aunt!” Dukely leaped to his feet
with a yell. “You've got it, by God, old
man!”
  “Wait a minute,” said the doctor quietly.
“Not so fast.”
  “By God. I feel alive once more! We
must do it, Doc. That’ll fix them.”
“That’s the—sit down, Dukely. The
point is: will it fix ’em? How do we
know what poison it is? What quantity
is required to produce the desired effect?”
“Oh the devil! Oh, it must.”
  “Desire has no effect on organic matter,
my friend. Um. Um. Haven’t got any
animals around here to experiment on?”
“Not a thing. They bring me food every
morning: fowls and sometimes goats but
always ready killed.”
 “Um. Wish to heaven we knew what
family it is.” He stared at the great tree
by which Lhe moon in midarc was almost
obscured. “Have you got anything to
knock down one of these pods?”
  “No, but I’ve some here,” said Warren-
Dukely, fumbling in his pocket. “I—I
thought they might be useful in case any-
thing happened before schedule, y’know.”
The doctor took one, split it open and
examined the con ten Ls: seeds embedded in
a yellowish creamy malLer.
  “Um. Um,” he mullered, sniffing iL.
“Wonder w'hat the devil it can be. The
odor seems familiar. Very. What the—
-if I know. Tastes sweetish,” he added
putting a grain upon his tongue-tip.
  “For God’s sake be careful, old man!”
cried Warren-Dukely.
  The doctor held the pod in one hand and
stared at the moonlit glade.
  “If only I could think what that reminds
me of. I might get a clue. I’ve half a
mind to try. Have you any mustard for an
emetic?”
  “Don’t be crazy, Doc! And I haven’t
any, anyway. It may be anything; mavbe
the stuff some of these devils poison their
arrows with. I knowr that’s a vegetable
poison of some sort and absolutely deadly.’’
“True!”
  “Besides, if it takes a long time, the actual
knowledge won’t do us any good. I mean
that’s our only chance either way.”
  “True again. What time do they come
in with food?”
  “Sunrise or before.”
  “Well, we’ll have to take the chance,
that’s all. Come, we must fix up the stuff
The Tree of Life
175
now. Grind it up, I suppose, as much as
possible, and stick it in their beer. Thank
heaven it’s sweetish. They probably won’t
notice it or rather like the sweet effect.
How much have you got there of the stuff?”
“Oh, only about a handful, I thought
that would be enough for me.”
  “Put that idea out of your head,” said
the doctor sharply. “Now come along.
I’ll bunk you up on that bough and you
grab the pods. About a quarter of a pound
per gallon ought to be enough. If it were
aconite, it would knock ’em stiff at the first
gulp.”
  Into the gloom of the great tree’s interior
disappeared the coat-tails of Warren-Dukely,
looking like some monstrous wliite-breasted
bird clumsily seeking to roost.
vra
AS A lover hastens to a tryst, so
rose the sun and rising seemed to
dally in the pleasance of liis love.
With the hot kiss upon the dew-tipped
crest of the giant tree the two white men
hustled the last of the empty pods into the
latrine behind the hut. Just as a bird
raucously announced the capture of his
prey to his nearby mate, W’arren-Dukely,
peering through the fence, saw the first
of the six young girls who daily brought his
food, for to a layman or woman of the age
of puberty was it worse than death to come
within the orbit of the sacred magician’s
sight, the husband of the Tree of Life,
arbiter of fecundity in crops and women,
mother of all, potent and terrible.
  Across the glade tTiey came: lithe young
forms of ebony moving lissomely from their
slender waists, bearing upon their immobile
heads a slain goat, chickens and calabashes
of sweet water, milk and eggs—for must the
holy mate of the goddess be propitiated
and fed sumptuously to avoid his great
displeasure.
  “Better lie perdue. Doc,” warned Warren-
Dukely, “while I find out whether they
know where you are or not—that’s if these
children know.”
  At the entrance to the palisade the six
stooped and, having placed the loads upon
the ground, called shrilly the prescribed
greeting. Dukely replied. One responded
in the chanting speech which was obligatory
in addressing a sacred person. Then in
single file they turned and glided down the
glade as if well content to have completed
their dangerous duties.
  “As I thought, old man,” reported
Dukely, returning into the hut with the
groceries. “They know that you’re here.
And, by way of precaution, I instructed ’em
to tell our invaluable friend, Yamala, that
I had summoned you, my brother, to take
my place after I had—entered into con-
nubial felicity.”
  “D’you think they’ll swallow that?”
inquired the little doctor, squatted upon an
overturned calabash, stroking his beard.
  “Oh Lord, yes! You haven’t learned
as I have the great prestige of a medicine-
man. They will expect crops an’ what not
as never before by the union of such a great
white magician as I. God, so thoughtful,
too! I even provide a successor as mighty!”
“Why,” demanded the doctor with a
calabash of milk in his hands, “don’t they
cultivate the glade here near to the source
of magic power? Seems queer.”
  “Oh no. They dare not do that. The
island is sacred, as I’ve told you. They
seem to look upon the ground here as a
part of the body of the great mother and
’re scared to hurt her feelings by seratchin’
her skin. That’s the idea as I’ve under-
stood.”
  “H’m, homeopathic magic as usual.”
Dukely sank down upon the camp-bed.
“Phew! I'm fagged out. Sorry, old
man,” he added swiftly, “I’m forgettin’
my duties. You must be starving. There’s
some cold goat in that calabash beside you
an’ some combread of a sort—sourdough,
y’know. WTien you’ve eaten, we’d better
have a sleep. You must need it, by Jove—
so’s we’ll be fit for the—Diamond Sculls
tonight,” he added with a chuckle that
was less harsh. “Oh, by the way, we'll
need your gun. Doc; so let me have it,
and I’ll toddle along an’ hide it in a bough
near where I know now the canoes will be.
We can pick it up as we go.”
  '‘Good. And you may as well take
these few cartridges in case they should
take a fancy to them, eh?”
  As soon as he had gone with the rifle
and the belt, the little doctor, whose curi-
osity had been excited by the first glimpse
of the interior of the hut by daylight, rose
to note the contents. At one end wras the
camp-bed with a bepatched mosquito-net;
in the middle, lacing the door, was a chair
beside a crude bookcase of shelves formed
i?6
Adventure
of sapling logs burned off and strung
together with bark fiber, containing about
a dozen volumes, of which the most con-
spicuous were a volume of the Royal
Geographical Society’s journals, a Swin-
burne and a Rabelais and some chunky
volumes bound in canvas; at the far end
was a green canvas table on which, set in
orderly array before a shaving-mirror, were
a number of small objects which gleamed
in the half-light.
  Chewing a rib of goat, the doctor rose
stealthily for a surreptitious peep at a
complete manicure-set and hair-brushes in
ivory, gold inlaid. As he handled them
curiously, he observed on each one a crest
of what appeared to be a naked scimitar
blade clasped by a mailed hand. The little
man took the bone from the nest of his
beard to grin as he remarked:
  “Totemism! Complete case. Most in-
teresting, bless the dear! No wonder they
wanted him for a medicine-man!”
  The sound of the balks of the gate being
dropped into place sent him scuttling back
guiltily to his seat on the calabash.
  “Do yourself well!” he observed as
Dukely entered.
  “Oh yes. But, by the Lord, Doc, old
man, if it hadn’t been for my pals there,
I couldn't have stood it. My God, no!”
The expression in his eyes as they glanced
at the primitive library w'as almost like
a dog who knew’ he is about to be parted
from his master. He swore quietly and
remarked, “D’you know. Doc, the hardest
thing’s goin’ to be to leave my pals there
tonight.”
  “Rot,” said the doctor with the rib of
goat in his beard. “You can get other
editions.” But with a glance at the bulky
canvas books, “It does seem a pity to leave
these note-books. They are, aren’t thev?
Um.”
  Warren-Dukely sighed as he stretched
himself on the bed.
  “Queer,” he observed, staring at the
grass roof, “a while ago I was willing to—
oh, cut a dean’s throat to get out of this
hell, an’ now, when I think I’m good as free,
I’m wanting to raise Cain ’cause I can’t take
my worldly goods an’ chattels with me.”
  “Human nature, ol’ boy,” commented
the doctor, chewing away as contentedly
as a terrier at the bone.
  “Oh, I beg your pardon, ol’ man!” sud-
denly cried Dukely, springing from his bed.
“Look here, you make yourself comfortable
here! Yes, yes. Courtesy goes to the
devil an’ all here!”
  “Umgh, Uragh,” grunted the doctor
through his bone. “Sit down an’ don’t be a
fool. I’m all right.”
  “No, no.” Dukely dragged one yellow
pillow from the bed and sprawled on the
floor. “Turn in when you feel like it.
Anyway, as soon as you’ve finished sitting
on my wardrobe, I’ll change. They’d
probably put me in gaol at Kavaballa’s
if I arrived in this kit!” he added with a
slight return of the hysterical note in his
voice.
THE doctor, who appeared to have
lost every trace of his normal irri-
tability, did not dispute the point
but, having finished another bone and drunk
some more milk, rolled on to the bed and
was asleep in five minutes. Flies buzzed
in freedom, walked upon the doctor’s nose
and danced upon his eyelids with im-
punity; they essayed to hold a carnival upon
the long figure in khaki crouched upon the
floor but were repulsed by the bony hand
of perfect nails. Shadow's dwindled toward
the west. Parrots began to squawk; a
wart-hog and his family nosed inquisitively
around the palisade and went a truffling
farther up the glade.
  Hornets played busily between the forest
and a nest of clay beneath the eaves. A
lizard progressed in suspicious darts across
the earthen floor, reached the calabash of
goat abandoned by the doctor and feasted
most lizardlv upon the swarming flies.
Suddenly a streak of cobalt blue struck the
empurpled lizard like dulled lightning,
and a small snake, startled by a throttled
gurgle, slithered into a hollow in the wattle
and daub wall. From the southern end
of the glade parrots streamed, screeching a
pessimistic warning.
  Warrcn-Dukelv stirred and arose as
his keen ears caught a distant chanting.
He awoke the slumbering doctor.
  “What the—” mumbled the doctor
resentfully. “Oh.” He sat up abruptly.
“Oh Lord, yes, I’d forgotten. What’s the
matter?”
  “Curtain’s going up, old man. Pull
yourself together. You stop here an’ don’t
come out unless I call. I’ve got to go an?
parley with our pal, Yamala. He’s chant-
ing Gilbert an’ Sullivan stuff down there
ft
The Tree of Life	17 7
at the end of the grove.”
  “What! Are they beginning already?”
“Not until sunset. My magic is too
powerful for any except the anoiqted
sorcerers or whatever you like to call 'em
while the sun is up. Then the crowd
comes 'with a rush, an’ they start with a
song an’ dance act.”
  “But—Dukely, d’you think that they’ve
already wiped out my camp? That Arab
of mine, Ali, will put up a fight if he gets
any warning, an’ he’s no slouch.”
  “God knows! Perhaps they’ll bring him
up to see the show an’—or—else they may
take it into their heads to keep him for
the next year’s magician—particularly if
he’s a pure-blooded Arab; that is, looks it.”
“Um. If he knows, he’ll fight like a wild-
cat. Fine chap, Ah, even if he is tiresome
sometimes.” A smile twitched the doctor’s
shaggy eyebrows. “I hope they do bring
him along if only to see a carven image get
excited for once. Dear me, how sentimental
one becomes in post-mortem contemplation.”
“Oh, shut up!” exclaimed Dukely sharply.
Then, turning away abruptly, “Look here,
I’ll toddle along!”'
  As he strode from the hut, the little
doctor watched him keenly.
  “Um,” he remarked sotto voce, “careless
of me—very. Nerves in rags. Still, rather
natural. Um. That food and sleep did
me good though.” His eyes wandered over
the ground and alighted on an empty pod
of the Tree of Life. He picked it up and
sniffed at it again. “Queer, familiar odor.”
He stared reflectively at the glare of sun-
shine without. “-if 1 can recall what
it reminds me of. Um.”
  From without came Warren-Dukely’s
voice pitched in the high native chant.
As it ceased, above the recurring buzz of
flies came the response like a thin streak
of troubled sound from a distance. The
doctor moved toward the door and saw
the bearded white man turn away from the
fence to regard the giant tree; he noted a cer-
tain rigidity in the body and the clenching
of the fists. The doctor dodged back
swiftly as Warren-Dukely came to the
hut.
  “Come on, old man!” he shouted a trifle
boisterously. “It’s about an hour to sun-
set. Let’s feed, an’ I’ll fry some eggs
an’ goat. We can stuff ’em in our pockets
for the trip tonight.” Averting his eyes,
he plumped down into the chair by the
library. “An’, by God, we mustn’t forget
to stir up the beer before—before the bar
opens!”
  “Certainly,” assented the doctor, “an’,
talkin’ about bars, there’s another wee
droppie left, laddie!”
  “Thank Heaven!” exclaimed Dukely.
“Let’s drink to—to the holy estate of
matrimony, by the Lord!”
  “Um,” reflected the little doctor as he
unscrewed the flask, “he’s fightin’ it
through, but he may collapse on my hands
at any moment. Confound it, what does
that stuff remind me of?”
DC
        IN A field of malachite within a
wg canon of the basalt forest before
Rj' the domed majesty of the Tree of
Life was spread a quivering fan of ebony,
whose writhing squirming figures were
sheened in the blue flood of the moon. In
the center upon a carven stool was draped
the girth of the chief, Basayaguru; upon
his left squatted his son, Basafingu, and
upon his right, a bearded face of ivory
and jet, squatted the little doctor beside
the immobile carving in turquoise of Ali
Mohammed.
  Before them pranced Yamala, smeared
in clay, a frenzied skeleton of chalcedony
from whose high-crested head streamed a
pennant of red parrot feathers, dancing in
the humid air as if in wild pursuit of the
glittering snake which wras the sacred spear,
to the screeching chant and the throb of the
drums. Beyond him, beneath the great
bough in the blue womb of the tree, was
the glimmer of a white body crouching.
  Around a wriggling group of the six
doomed and holy maidens leaped the men
and shuffled the wromen, grunting and
squealing to the impulse of the drums.
On every side like giant mushrooms stood
the great calabashes of the beer from which
he who willed could drink his fill.
  “God,” muttered the doctor, nervously
plucking at his beard, “when is this con-
founded stuff going to work? I don’t even
know what reactions to look for! AH!
How far do you reckon that moonlight is
from Mr. Dukely now?”
  “Undoubtedly within one foot, Doctor.”
The doctor glanced at the clear-cut
features which were as cold as rock, and
he swore resentfully.
i;8
Adventure
  “Dukely,” shouted the doctor above
the racket, “are you all right?”
  “Yes,” came the reply in a steady voice.
'They’ll get me in a minute or two.”
Continuously the blue-sheened limbs
pranced on; untiringly yelled hysteric
voices; remorselessly the blue tide of the
moon rose nearer the bole of the Tree of
Life, the Mother of All, where crouched the
unwilling bridegroom.
  After an anxious stare about him the
doctor fidgeted restlessly and gazed fas-
cinatedly at die line of creeping moonlight.
  “Is that stuff ever going to work? Ali,”
sharply, “d’you think we’ve made a mis-
take? Perhaps it's merely harmless—just
citric acid of the baobab? Ali!”
  “Allah only knows,” responded Ali tone-
lessly.
  The doctor swore and began again to
pluck at his beard.
  “God, Uiis tension’s—look!” he whis-
pered and clutched at Ali’s robe.
  The enormous bulk of the chief, Basaya-
guru, beside him was heaving convulsively;
the head was thrown back until the head-
dress was almost peqx*ndicular, and the
mouth was wide open, the jelly face creased
in a thousand winkles; the eyes were
dilated, flashing the blue whites; the
blobby hands clutched at the flabby mass
of the strained throat.
  “He is drunk, Doctor,” said Ah gravely.
“He wishes to laugh—exquisitely.”
 “Laugh! Good God, what at?” ex-
claimed the doctor.
  As he spoke, the ghosdy figure of Yamala,
the witch-doctor, doubled up in front of
him, holding his sides as his open mouth
gasped in a paroxysm of laughter. As sud-
denly as if indeed a magic wand had been
waved above them, the drums ceased—the
screeches died away. Five leaping war-
riors turned in amazement and stared. A
yell was turned into a gasping sob.
  Astonished the dot tor stood up. Every
savage except the six holy maidens was
rolling about in the grass, holding his sides
and gasping with laughter. The chief
beside his son was kicking his fat legs like
a baby hippopotamus. Into the moon-
light stepped the ivory figure of the bride-
groom. Several figures ceased to struggle.
They lay quietly in the grass.
  “For God’s sake!” began Dukely. “What
on earth-”
  “Come!” yelled the doctor. “Run for it,
Dukely, for your life! Ali!” And without ex-
planation the doctor sprang over the squirm-
ing figure of the chief, followed by Dukely
and the sedate Ali. Not until thev had
reached the tree where the doctor’s gun
was hidden did he have breath to explain.
  “That smell! ’Course I knew it!” he
gasped as they trotted through the forest
to the canoes. “Dentist!”
  “Dentist! Wrhat on earth—” panted
the ghosdy form of Warren-Dukely.
  “Yes, yes, nitrogen monoxid—probably
form—pentoxid—Laughing Gas, y'know!
Asphyxiate ’em for hours—if doesn’t—kill
’em! There’s the canoes!”
 THE CAMP-T1KE
A ’Free"to-all TVtoeting-Place for
Headers Writers & Adventurers
     A WORD from .Clyde B. Hough
     concerning his story in this issue:
Oakland, Calif.
   At one time I spent a little over eleven months
on just such an island as is described in this story.
The size of the island, the reef completely around it,
the birds and eggs and the method of obtaining
water, are all statements of facts. The island in the
story is a true, accurate and complete reproduction
of the one where I was located.—C. B. Hough.
HERE’S an answer to the inquiry about
“Cattle Kate” from one who knew her
and the circumstances of her hempen de-
parture. Here’s hoping he tells us other
incidents of the old days of the West.
Denver, Colo.
   Used to ramble around the map a little myself,
putting in about fifteen years of my life looking for
the place where the other fellow "wasn’t.”
QINCE settling down I get a lot of fun out of
our magazine and frequently read of men I
have whacked blankets with in various parts of the
West. Was acquainted with a lot of the old-time
gun-fighters, who, as a general rule, were quiet, un-
assuming men and the best of partners.
   Have been intending to write a few lines to Camp-
Fire for some time but kept putting it off until in a
recent issue some comrade inquired for information
of “Cattle Kate,” and as I happened to know her
and a little of her history I thought you would be
interested.
J^ATE MAXWELL was bom north of Des
Moines. Iowa. Her father died when she was a
little girl, her mother married again, and died when
Kate was about fifteen. She continued to live with
her step-dad, who abused her something shameful,
until she was twenty, when she ran away from home,
tackling one job after another, until she wound up
in a dance-hall. Kate arrived in Wyoming and got
to running with a bunch of rust.lers of which she was
soon the recognized leader.
  I met her at her hang-out on the Sweetwater
several months before she was lynched. Was
about forty-five years old, with a face burnt, the color
of old brick, black hair streaked with gray, flying
loose to the wind, a man’s coat and hat, and two big
forty-fives and the grit of a wildcat.
*•- Was living with jim Avery, who, I believe, was
post-master at Sweetwater. Six other hard cases
made up the gang, Kate being head and shoulders
the worst of the bunch. As long as she kept to or-
dinary mailing the cattlemen overlooked her faults.
Later she got to shooting cows and running off the
dogies, and then the mob got busy.
IN THE Spring of 1899 a bunch of twenty men
1 rode quietly up to her ranch. The gang, with
the exception of Avery and her nephew, were all
away. Surrounding the house, part of the crowd
covered the three of them from the windows, while
others broke in the door. Both Avery and Kate
were unarmed, their belts hanging on the wall, so
got no chance to do any shooting.
  Avery quit cold, and begged, but Kate fought the
whole bunch bare-handed and the boy tried to knife
one and got a pistol-butt over the head and was out
of it.
  The two were rushed out to the corral, a wagon-
tongue hoisted in the air and both hung with the
same rope. It is said that Kate offered to fight the
entire mob with one pistol, and was still cursing
them until the rope shut her off. The rest of the
gang swore vengeance, and in less than a year prac-
tically the whole mob had died with their boots on.—
Frank L. Schott.
f I 'HERE follows a slightly different ver-
sion of the passing of “Cattle Kate.”
Both the names “Avery” and “Averill”
are used. And there’s also a word on
McCoy.
Shoshoni, Wyo.
  I note in your last issue that L. B. W. wants to
know something about Cattle Kale and some noto-
rious outlaw by the name of McCoy. Jim Averill,
who helped run the eighth Standard Parallel in this
State, lived on the Sweetwater River, some time in
the last of the 80’s, with a woman by the name of
Ella Watson, who had the nickname of Cattle
Kate. She was a courtezan and while living with
Averill plied her trade and some of the neighboring
punchers and owners paid her for favors received in
mavericks.
^YERY also was a land surveyor and knew too
much about the choice bits of Government
lands which some of the big cow outfits had fenced
up. Between these two tilings the hatred of some
of these outfits grew to such an extent that one day
when Averill and Ella were going to the then new
town of Casper they were ambushed on the road
north of the Sweetwater and near the mouth of Dry
Creek and both were hung on a tree which was still
standing some four years ago.
  The required coroner’s inquest was held, but the
paties were never prosecuted. It was a cowardly
and dastardly crime. Cattle Kate was written up
179
i8o
Adventure
in Lhe newspapers in luri<l and fanciful colors as a
dashing cowgirl, dead shot and a few other things.
There was nothing to that but hot air.
  As for McCoy the only one answering to the de-
scription was Bob McCoy of Therutopolis, who was
killed some few years ago uhder peculiar circum-
stances. He was shot by unknown parties; his
body then dragged to the river edge and a nosebag
strapped around his head and then the body a* far
as the shoulders put under water. Hob was sup-
posed to be pretty swift in the use of a rope. Other-
wise he was not a particularly hard citizen.—. —. —.
\X70ULDNT it be a sort of good idea
  *	▼ for our magazine to have a kind of
emblem or sign or whatever you want to
call it? An ‘“Adventure, its Mark” affair?
Might use it on its stationery some day, and
there are various little purposes for which it
might come in handy. Tried it out, for
example, on the preceding page. Here it
is in large size—a kind of coat-of-arms ar-
rangement. Does it get by?
OUR Camp-Fire is the best agency in
existence for collecting hitherto un-
published chanteys, ballads and other sea-
songs and rescuing them before they are
lost forever. It’s another job for us, and
one as interesting as it is worth while.
  We have been fortunate in getting, to
aid us in this work, the friendly cooperation
of John F. Lomax, who is perhaps the best
authority on this subject. With him as
guide and expert we can be sure that what
we collect will be assessed at its right
and full value.
  Whenever any of you sends in a hitherto
unpublished chantey or sea-song or a ballad
of the Great Lakes or Erie Canal we’ll try
to have it at our Camp-Fire for the benefit
of all of us. And we hope that later on
Mr. Lomax will have enough of them to
embody in a book for still more permanent
keeping.
   Of course original productions have no
place in this collodion.
   Some time in the future we might try
our hand at collecting unpublished cowboy
songs and songs of the old West in general.
And perhaps the lumberjack songs some
day.
   •Some of the songs are of course too broad
to be printable, but some of these have
merits that offset that point and, if you
have any of Lhe latter, no doubt Mr. Lomax
will be interesled in them. •
tpOLLOWING is a list of the published
chanteys and songs so far as accessible
in Lhe New York Public Library. These
we do not want. What we are afler is
Lhose lhaL have not yet been preserved
in prinl.
   If you know any that are not in the
following list, please send them to Mr.
Lomax, Y. M. C. A. Building, Austin,
Texas, and he’ll see that they are properly
handled and classified and that the suitable
ones come Lo us for Camp-Fire. If you
can send music wilh w'ords, so much Lhe
beLLer, buL for most of us that, I fear, will
be impossible.
   Titles are given in italics; first lines in
ordinary letLers. They are published in
one or more of Lhe following: Journal of
American Folk Lore: “Old Sea Chanteys,”
by Bradford & Fogge; “Naval Songs,”
by S. B. Luce; “Sea Songs and Ballads,”
by Christopher Stone; “Real Sea Songs,”
by R. B. Whall in the Nautical Magazine;
“A Sailor’s Garland,” by John Masefield;
“The Chantey Man Sings,” by Wm. Brown
Meloney in Everybody's for August, 1915.
All Hands on Deck
     All hands on deck, the bos'a cries.
.-1,1 I Woi Going
    As I was going to Rig.unarow
    I say so. and I hope so.
Blark Ball Line
    In the Black Ball Line I served my time.
Blaek Dali Line
    Come all you young fellows that follow the sea
    With a yo. ho—blow the man down.
Bicru- she Man Down
    Blow the man down.
    Blow the man down.
    Way; Hi; Blow the man down.
Boncy
    Boncy was a warrior.
        Oh, aye, oh.
California
    Good-by, my love, good-by.
    1 can not tell you why
    I'm off to Califomv
    To dig the yellow gold.
A Iso—
    Blow. boys, blow!
    For Califomy Ol
    We’re bound for Sacramento
    To dig the yellow gold.
And other forms.
The Camp-Fire
181
Capstan Bar
    Walk her round, for we're rolling homeward.
        Heave, my boys together.
Conit Roll Him Over
    Oho, why don't you blow?
    Aha, come roll him over.
Come Roll the Collon
    Come roll the cotton down, my boys.
         Roll the cotton down.
Dreadnought
    There's a saucy wild packet.
    And a packet of fame.
          (Several forms.)
Give Me the Gal
    Give me the gal can dance fandango
    Running down to Cuba.
Hand Over Hand
    A handy ship and a handy crew—
        Handy, my boys, so handy.
Haul Away
    Away, haul away, boys.
        Haul away together.
    Away, haul away, boys,
        Haul away.
Haul on Ike Bowline
    Haul on the (Kiwline
The bully ship's a-rollingl
flaw/ the Bowline
    Haul upon the bowline, the fore and main top bowline.
Haul the Bowline
     Kitty is my darling,
    Haul the bowline, haul.
High Barbery
    There were two lofty ships from England came,
    Blow high! Blow low! And so sailed we.
Homeward Bound
    Oh, to Pensacola town we'll bid adieu.
         (Used with names of any seaport.)
Homeward Bound
    We're homeward bound this very day
    Good-by, fare you well.
I'll Sing You a Song
    i'll sing you a song, a good song of the cea—
    To my aye, heigh, blow the man down.
         And I trust that you'll join in the chorus with me—
         Give me some time to blow the man down.
It's Time for Us to Leave Her
    Oh. the times are hard and the wages low.
         Leave her, Johnny, leave her.
Knock a Man Down
    I wish I was a Mobile Bay
    Wey, hey, knock a man down.
Let the Bulgine Run
    Oh, the wildest packet you can find—
    Oh, he! Oh, ha! Are you 'most done?
         Is the Margaret Evans of the Black X Line.
    Clear the rail! Let the Bulgine run.
Liverpool Jack
    Oh, Liverpool Jack with your tarpaulin hat,
Amelia, where you bound to?
Long Time Ago
    A long, long time and a long time ago—
    For me. way, hey, Ohio!
Long Time Ago
    I wish to God I'd never been bom,
    To me way, hay, hay, yah! 9
Lowlands
    I dreamt a dream the other night.
    Lowlands, lowlands, hurrah, my John!
Lowlands
    I thought I heard the old man say
    Lowlands, lowlands my Johnny.
Maid of Amsterdam
    In Amsterdam there dwelt a maid—
    Mark well what I do say I
     or
    And her you ought to see!
My Sal	•
    My Sal. she's a 'Bad!an bright mulatto.
     Wa-ay sing Satliel
Oh. Betsy Baker
    Oh. Betsy Baker!
Heigh hoi
Oh, Polly Brown
    Oh, Polly Brown. I love your daughter,
         Away my rolling river!
Oh, Shake Her Up
    Oh. shake her up from down below,
    So handy, my boys, so handy!
Ol' Joe
    or Joe, buUy ol' Joe:
     Hi. pretty yaller girl.
Oh, Blow
    Oh. blow ye winds, I long to hear you.
     Blow, bullies, blow.
Our Anchor We'll Weigh
Our anchor we’ll weigh and our sails we will set.
Good-by, fare ye weul
Paddy Come Work on the Railway
In eighteen sixty-three
I came across a stormy sea.
Paddy Doyle
    To my
    Aye!
     And we’ll furl!
    Aye!
    And pay Paddy Doyle for his boots.
Outward Bound
    We're outward bound from New York town.
    Heave bullies, heave and pawl!
Johnny Boker
Oh. do my Johnny Boker.
Coine rock and roll me over.
Poor Old Joe
     Old Joe is dead and gone to hell.
We say so, and we hope so!
Ratcliffe Highway (Or any seaport street)
    As I was a walking down Ratcliffe Highway.
    Away, hay, blow the man down!
Reuben Ranso
Oh. my poor Reuben Ranzo.
Ranzo, boys. Ranzo.
Rio Grande
     I'll sing you a song of the fish of the sea.
Rolling Rio Grande!
Rio Grande
    Where are you going, my pretty maid?
    Oh, away. Rio.
Rio Grande
    I'm bound away this very day!
    Oh, you Rio!
Roll and Go
     There was a ship, she sailed to Spain,
     0	roll and go.
Royal Artillery Man
My bleeding fancy man,
My Royal Artillery man,
He—wears—spurs.
Runaway Chorus
    What shall we do with a drunker, sailor?
Sally Brown
    Seven long years I courted Sally
    Way! High! Roll and go, oh!
Sally Brown
    Oh. Sally Brown of New York City,
Aye! Aye! Roll and go!
Sally Brown
    Oh, Sally Brown was a bright mulatto.
Sally Brown
    1	love my gal across the water.
Aye! Aye! Roll and go.
Santa Anna
    Oh. Santa Anna's dead and gone.
Sebastopol
    The Crimean War is over now;
Sebastopol is taken.
Shanadore (Shenandoah)
     Shanador's a rolling river
     Hurrah, you rolling river—
Shanandoah
    Shanandoah, I love your daughter.
Away, ye rolling river—
Sometimes
    Sometimes we're bound for England
    Sometimes we’re bound for France.
    Heave away, my bullies, heave away.
Shallow Brown
Come get my clothes in order,
Shallow. Shallow Brown.
Shanghai Brown
    O. Shanghai Brown he loves us sailors—
    Blow, boys. blow.
Storm Along John
    Old Stormy he is dead and gone!
    To my weigh hey.
    Storm along John
Susan on My Knee
    'Twas on the twenty-fourth of June
    I sailed away to sea.
Tommy’s Gone to High Low
    My Tommy's gone and I'll go too.
To my very hey hey ajola.
Whisky Johnny
Whisky is the life of man,
Whisky for Johnny!
We're All Afloat
     We’re all afloat in a very fine clipper.
    Blow, boys, blow!
182
Adventure
    What Do You Thinkt
     Who do you think’s the skipper of her?
     Blow, boys, blow!
    Yankee Ship
    Yankee ship come down the river.
    Blow, boys, blow I
BALLADS OR PORE-BITTERS
Admiral Benbou>
     Ob. we sailed to Virginia und then to FayaL
Ben Backstay
**■ Ben Backstay was a boatman.
Ben fiioik
     Ben Block was a veteran of naval renown.
Billy I aylJr
     Billy Taylor was a brisk young stailor.
Board ot Trade Akoyi
     I'm only a sailor man.
    Tradesman would I were.
     For I’ve ever rued the day 1 became a tar.
Boston
     Prom Boston Harbor wc set sail.
Captain Glen
     There was a ship, a ship of fame.
Come loose every sail to (hr breae
(Title and first line)
Voo M e A ma
    As Jack was walking
    Through the square.
Female .Smuttier
     Oh. come rest a while and
     You soon shall hear.
Fishers
     Oh. a ship she was rigged and ready for 6ea.
Golden Vanity
     I have a ship in the North Country.
Harry Grady and Miss Elinor Ford
    In Coursand Bay lying, the
    Blue Peter flying.
Henry Martin
     In Scotland lived three brothers of late.
Honor of Bristol
     Attend you and give ear a while.
     I am a brisk and sprightly lad.
Jack the Guinea Pig
    When the anchor's weighed
    And the ship's unmoored.
Jack Mainmast
     Jack Mainmast once got half seas over.
La Pique
     'Tis of a fine frigate.
    La Pique was her name.
Rolling Home	\
     All hands to man the capstan.
Sailor's Only Delight
     The George Aloe and the Sweepstake too
     With hey. with ho, for and a nony no.
Sir Francis Drake
     Some years of late, in *68.
Sir Walter Raleigh .Sailing in the Netherlands
     Sir Walter Raleigh has twill a ship in the Netherlands.
Song of the Fishers
     Come all ye bold fishermen, listen to me.
Spanish Ladies
     Farewell and adieu to you, Spanish Ladies.
Sailor's Resolution
    How little do landsmen know.
Shannon and Chesapeake
     Now the Chesapeake so bold, sailed from Boston
     I've been told.
Will H atch
    Otic day when the wind
    From the northward blew keenly.
The U hale
     Oh, 'twas in the year of '94
     And June the second day.
When I Come Back
    When I come hack to Bonny Shari well Dock,
     Pol de rol tal do rara folderolla
     f low the girls will stare at their friend Jack Block!
     With his chip cherry chow.
Admiral Benbow's Death
     Come all you sailors bold, lend an ear.
A Sailor
     A sailor is blythe and bonny, O.
Bald Sawyer
     Come all ye jolly sailors, with courage stout and bold.
Brave Sews from Admiral Vernon
     Come, loyal Britons, all rejoice, with joyful acclama-
           tion.
Distressed Sailor's Garland
     When first I drew the breath of life
     'Twas in the merry month of June.
Second of November
     It was one November—the second day.
     Ballads listed as anonymous by Masefield
Benjamin s Lamentations
     Captain Quiver's gone U» sea
     I Boys, O Boys.
Cap't Bwer
     Where have you been, my bonny honey?
Uamrkar the Dutchman
     Sing wc seamen now and then.
Fight at Malaga
     Come all you brave sailors
     That sails 00 the Main.
Fair Maid's Choict
     Being a pleasant song, made of a sailor.
Fight Between Captain Ward and Dover
btrike up, you lusty gallants.
Gallant Seaman's Resolution
     A gallant youth at Gravesend lived, a seaman neithe*
nch or poor,
i'ramijw'j Reply
     Hark! Hark! I hear the trumpet sound, it calleth
         me to come away.
Gallant Seaman's Return from the Indies
     I am a stout seaman and newiv come on shore.
Gallant .Seaman's Sana at Meeting Bis Betty
     We ll meet, pretty Betty, my joy and my dear.
Greenwich Pensioner
     'Twas in the good ship Rorn
     I sailed the world all round.
Honor of Briitol
     Attend you and give ear awhile.
Ho for Lubber land
     There is a ship, we understand.
     Now riding in the river.
John Dory
     It fell upon a holy day.
Lass of Lochroyan
     Oh. who will shoe my bonny foot.
Lowlands of Holland
     My love has built a bonny ship and set her on the sea.
Haydens of London
     Come all you very merry London girls that are disposed
          to travel.
Mermaid
     On Friday noon as we art sail.
North Country Collitr
     At the head of Wear Water
     About twelve at noon.
Press Gang
     Here's the tender coming
     Pressing all the men.
Sailor Laddie
     My love has been in London City.
Seaman s Compass
     As lately I traveled towards Gravesend
Smuggler
     O. my true lover's a smuggler, and sails upon the sea.
Teach, the Rover
     Will you hear of a bloody battle?
Salcomhe Seaman's Flaunt to the Proud Pirate
     A lofty ship from Salcombe came,
     Blow high.
   Do you know any others? If so, lend
a hand in this Camp-Fire work of saving
these old chanteys and songs before it is
too late. Send to Mr. Lomax direct,
V. M. C. A. Building, Austin, Texas.
A NOTHER definition of the spirit of
adventure, though whether it is “bio-
logically considered” I have my doubts.
But then, I’m a bit shaky as to just what
“biologically considered” means when it
comes right down to brass tacks.
                                  Bermuda.
In the March issue I saw a quoted opinion of
Jai k London on this subject, and the late famous
yam-spinner uttered a thought so widely at variance
with my own ideas that I am giving you in brief my
conccption of the adventure spirit as it has affected
and still affects myself.
The Camp-Fire	183
  Curiosity, pure and simple—that’s the adventure
spirit! Somewhere beyond the limit of physical
vision lies the unknown, the supposedly inaccessible.
Comes curiosity. Curiosity proves too strong for
mental fear, though it may give a sharp jolt to mere
physical courage; and out goes the adventurer,
bound to satisfy his curiosity even at the cost of
his life, even though the object prove after all a
will-o’-the-wisp. The adventure lies not in the
finding, but in the seeking, while yet the goal re-
mains unseen and unknown. And the adventurer
is a great or small adventurer in the proportion
by which curiosity conquers fear.
  Such is my notion of the spirit which moves so
many men to perform otherwise unaccountable
actions. I know it is so in my own case. Let some
one tell me that there is some place I can not reach,
something I can not do, and up rises All Powerful
Curiosity. What is it? Where? If foot free,
I want immediately to have a go.—A. E. Dingle.
A DAINTY morsel from Henry Oyen of
our writers’ brigade:
  Just noticed in one of the recent numbers of
Adventure that there’s mention of “Liver-Eating
Johnson,” of the Yellowstone country. Did your
correspondent tell you how he got his name? Don’t
think it was because he had a weakness for “liver
and.” Far be it from such. 1 have it straight
from a man who hunted with him a few years before
he died: Johnson played king to his neck of the coun-
try, and there was only one young Indian, a Chey-
enne chief, who dared to defy him. Said chief
raided and burned Johnson’s camp once while
Johnson was away at his traps. “The-!” said
Johnson, when he returned and saw the ruins. “I’ll
eat his liver!” And, tradition saith, he made good
the threat.—Oyen.
 A S PREVIOUSLY announced, ourCamp-
Fire buttons are now ready for de-
livery. I think there’s going to be no
doubt as to a big demand for them. At
this writing the first announcement of
their being ready has not reached you,
yet requests have been coming in right
along, though Uie askers had only the
vague preliminary announcements^ to go
on, without knowing price or date of de-
livery. As the buttons were delivered
to us long before we could notify you in
print we have been sending them out to
these early seekers. There will be enough
for all. Though this first order may be
exhausted before long, more will be ordered
before it entirely disappears and, now that
the die is made, re-orders will not take so
long.
  The button or badge is small, neat, in-
conspicuous and yet individual and easily
seen. Enamel with gold-washed edgings,
round, three-eighths of an inch in diameter,
screw-back, with a clinch pin to hold in
place. Three fields, blue, brown and green,
for sky, earth and sea. The numeral 71
is the only lettering or design of any kind
that appears on the badge, 71 being the
sum of the letters of “Camp-Fire” when
assigned their numerical positions in the
alphabet.
  Membership in our Camp-Fire is open
to any one who has the desire to be a com-
rade. There is no ceremony of admission.
And any member may apply for a badge.
They are sent out at cost price, 25 cents
covering badge and return postage to any
part of the world.
  I’m glad the badges are assured of a
strong demand. There is a good idea
back of their use and the badges themselves
will, I think, win favor when you see them.
Personally I’ll be glad when I can locate
a comrade among apparent strangers and
I think most of us feel the same way.
TN RESPONSE to a Camp-Fire sugges-
-*• tion, a number of you have written
in their own experiences in getting out of
the clutches of old Mr. Demon Rum. No
preaching, you understand; we’re not con-
ducting any temperance crusade. Just
plain facts, given on the chance they may
be of practical help to other comrades who
are trying to cut it out. Here is one
of the letters. It is our comrade E. E.
Harriman, of our writers’ brigade and “Ask
Adventure,” to whom he refers.
Pasadena, Calif.
   For several years, having the restless foot, wan-
dered around the country and very naturally
picked up booze. First came malaria, then a
morning drink, which soon grew into a quart a
day. The fever was not cured, so I visited Hot
Springs, Ark., taking four months’ water cure.
It proved a success, for I have never had the fever
since, but the booze appetite remained.
   For several years I hit it up pretty hard, then
tried to quit, and I guess I swore off several hundred
times only to go back again. I never reached the
“bum a drink stage,” but came very close.
T^REE years ago I decided it was either quit
or go under, for I am a lunger and have been
for twelve years, and booze was not helping me.
Knowing I could not stand the pace much longer,
I rolled my bed and struck out for Trinity County,
Calif., landing in Hyampom, a valley, not a town.
   As far as the eye could reach there was nothing
but pines and mountains, valleys and streams.
The sort of country that lifts a man out of himself,
raises him to a higher plane and makes him dean
whether he wants to or not. I spent four months
in and close to Hyampom. Fishing, hunting and
hiking. 1 forgot about booze, and to thic day
I have no desire for it and do not drink even beer.
Adventure
 184
  Understand me, I ant no anti-booze man, but
I have seen some fine men go under from it and
I know from experience that old John B. has a fierce
kick. He always wins if you stay long enough.
YY^HILlv on the subject let me tell you something
     about the trip.
  Two of us left here on Sept. 16, 1916, by auto
and, on arriving in Red Bluff, hired a truck and
driver to take us and our outfit to Hayfork, about
one hundred and fifty miles. From Hayfork to
Hyampom on foot without outfit on mule back,
about thirty miles. We walked about twenty
miles, I guess, for we rode to the end of the highway
about eight miles.
  When we reached Hyampom my booze-soaked
muscles were screaming with pain. We spent the
night at a Mr. Butler's, and early the next morning
started for the summit of Hayfork Mountain where
we intended camping a few days to enjoy some real
good hunting.
  Don’t think I will say much about that trip,
for I always want to go back to bed and rest when-
ever it comes into my mind. We made it all right
and after a short rest took a look at the country.
J ’LL never forget the first sunset, and you know
this country is noted for its beautiful sunsets,
of which I have seen many but nothing to equal
that one. Can you imagine hundreds of miles
of country standing on end, thickly covered with
pine trees and every known color and shade and
many unknown covering the whole thing? Can
you imagine the west a blaze of color and the east
tinted yellow with a great big moon? Well, that
is what I saw, only it don't come anywhere near
telling you of the wonderful beauty.
  I tell you, a man couldn't be anything but clean
in this country.
KJEVER saw so many deer in my life, or such
streams of fish. Rainbow, steel-head and
salmon trout. Quail and grouse are positively
thick. Believe me, it’s a man’s country. I am
crazy to go back, but can’t get enough money
together. I work two or three months, then have
to rest the same length of time. Some day I hope
to collect the correct amount and, believe me, I will
hike for Trinity, locate a homestead and Live.
  If you care to use this, hop to it, only please
don’t use my name.
jDY THE way, to come Jback lo the booze ques-
tion. Tell any chap who wants to quit to go
see Mr. Harriman. Just to look at him will make
anything on two legs straighten his shoulders and
take a brace. He sure is a man's man, and then
some. He is aU man.
  If any one ever asks anything about Trinity
County let me know. I sure will boost.
  Excuse me for taking up so much of your time,
but thoughts of Trinity send me back to the trails
I dearly love.---.
*	I 'HE Federal Board for Vocational Edu-
cation, 200 New Jersey Avenue, North-
west, Washington, D. C., sent us a state-
ment of the many practical helps and
services they offer in reeducating disabled
soldiers and sailors but there is not spat •
to print them all, concisely stated though
they are. Artificial limbs free, free medical
treatment after discharge (for disability
incurred in service), free vocational training
with War-Risk insuranc^provision cover-
ing period of training and period of further
disability, help toward suitable positions
following training, etc. Fourteen district
offices through the country.
  If you were disabled in service make sure
that you know definitely and in full all
the many things the Board will do to help
you. Personally I was amazed at the
extent of the service offered. But all that
service was fully and honestly earned by
those in need of it and it would be only
childish and wrong lo refuse the service
because of any mistaken pride. You might
just as well refuse the ‘ charity” of a decora-
tion for valor.
'"THE adventures of our identificAtion-
  -*• cards in the Great War—if collected
what a book they would make! Here is a
sample, from a letter written before hos-
tilities ceased:
Warrington, England.
   It may interest you to receive a friendly word
 from one who has carried one of Adventure's serial
 idenlification-cards in his pocket for many years.
 The card remains with me yet, but as it is in the safe
 of this hospital along with other papers of value,
 Masonic certificates, etc., I can not give you its
 number.
   Nevertheless it has traveled via Canada from
Boston, U. S. A., over to the camps of Blighty and
the wastes of Franee, where its bearer has during the
past two years alternated between laying rails for
France, iindcr General “Jack" Stewart, and dodging
“Jerry’s’’ shrapnel, bombs, “flying pigs," and many
of the other pleasant surprises "Jerry’’ entertains
our boys with.
   Your card was present at the Battle of Vimy, April
 1917, at the Cambrai push of November, 1917, in the
 big retreat of March, 1918, and between times was
 all over the place in the terrain bounded by Arras,
 Cambrai, Peronne, Amiens, Paris. Abbeville and the
 Channel coast. Quite a big territory to cover, em-
 bracing nearly all of the ancient domains of Picardy
 and Artois. “Somme” battlefield it was! Never
 have Dumas romances seemed so real as when I
 saw Bcthune, Le Fdre, Beauvais, etc., etc. ad. lib.—
 No. 749285 Sapper Roger F. Gardener, 12th
 Canadian Railway Troops.
OOMETHING for us to be considering.
^ Wouldn’t it be a fine thing if we could
gradually establish Camp-Fire "stations"
or local headquarters all over the map?
A place where we could register ourselves
or leave word for a comrade who would
or might follow later, or run a good chance
Looking Ahead
of meeting other wandering or resident
comrades?
Nothing pretentious. Just a “station,”
which might be in a tobacco-shop or any
old place that was reputable. Bar-rooms
and such barred. (Oh, yes, I know the
objections to barring them, but this matter
for Democracy	185
has to be considered from the general aspect
and there are sound reasons for not making
bar-rooms our permanent and “official”
homes.)
How about it? Yes or no? If yes, what
suggestions?
—Arthur Sullivant Hoffman.
LOOKING
AHEAD
FOR
DEMOCRACY
J£Y THE time this readies you in print we shall
know the result of the call for action on June
twenty-fifth. I do not expect that the world will
be set on fire, but T do hope that here and there
some seeds will be sown, some publidty given to
the needed work and enough workers enlisted to
form the nucleus of an organization that itself is
built on democratic lines.
  A choice had to be made. First, organize by the
usual method with the usual backing from men with
money and the usual control by a few men at the
head. It is the easier method and far more likely
to succeed than the second, but it would lie trying
to further real democracy by an organization that
is itself an autocracy. So the second mediod was
chosen, despite the fact that it is almost impossible
to make much headway at first by means of it. At
least it does not betray democracy from the start.
And in the long run it will be of more avail.
  The movement must be from the people them-
selves, of them, by them, at all times under their
control. Better a small right one than a big wrong
one.
gINCE this is being written in the middle of
May, there can be no guessing whether the
response to the call will be very small or fairly con-
siderable. But there is always the fact that even a
few seeds sown will be working—in ways no man
can measure—the right leaven into the national fer-
ment. Sooner or later enough of the people to be
effective will see the need and take hold.
  So far as I personally am concerned, I have done
what little I could in the way that seemed soundest
and there is nothing more that I can do except con-
tinue preaching and working in a small way. Little
enough, but 1 am only one American. You are
another. There are many millions of us. It is no
more my work than it is yours or any other Ameri-
can’s. It lies with you fully as much as with any-
body else.
TUST what shape this department will take from
J now on 1 do not know. Many interesting let-
ters have come in, proving the seriousness witli
which many Americans are considering the road
ahead of this people. Perhaps we can make the
department a torum. You will remember that it
was started as a forum but, the war being not yet
over, there were not enough who saw the coming
problems of peace to keep it going. Now it is dif-
ferent. The future has become the present. The
difficulty would be in selecting, from so many opin-
ions on so many subjects, letters for print m such
way that balance and fair hearing could be main-
tained in our small space.
  The department will have to be worked out as it
goes along.—A. S. H.
VARIOUS PRACTICAL
SERVICES FREE TO
ANY READER
THESE services of Adventure are free to any one. They involve much time, work and expense on our
part, but we oiler them gladly and ask in return only that you read and observe the simple rttUs, thus
saving needless delay and trouble for you and us. The whole spirit of this magazine is one of friend-
liness. No formality between editors and readers. Whenever we can help you we’re ready and willing to try.
Identification Cards
  Free to any reader. Juat send us (i) your name and ad-
dress, (a) name and address of party to be notified, (3) a
stamped and self-addressed return envelope.
   Each card bears this inscription, each printed in English.
French, Spanish. German, Portuguese, Dutch. Italian.
Arabic, Chinese. Russian and Japanese:
   "In case of death or serious emergency to bearer, address
serial number of this card, care of Adventure, New York,
stating full particulars, and friends will be notified."
   In our office, under each serial number, will be registered
the name of bearer and of one or two friends, with per-
manent address of each. No name appears on the card.
Letters will be forwarded to friend, unopened by us. Names
and addresses treated as confidential. We assume no other
obligations. Cards not for business identification. Cards
furnished free provided stamped and addressed envelope ac-
companies application. We reserve the right to use our
own discretion in all matters pertaining to these.cards.
  Metal Cards—For twenty-five cents we will send you,
postpaid, the same card in aluminum composition, perfo-
rated at each end. Enclose a self-addressed return enve-
lope, but no postage. Twenty-five cents covers every-
thing. Give same data as for pasteboard cards. Holders
of pasteboard cards can be registered under both paste-
board and metal cards if desired, but old numbers can not
be duplicated on metal cards. If you no longer wish your
old card, destroy it carefully and notify us. to avoid con-
fusion and possible false alarms to your friends registered
under that card.
  A moment's thought will show the value of this system
of card-identific&tion for any one, whether in civilization or
out of it. Remember to furnish stamped and addressed
envelope and to give in full the names and addresses of self
and friend or friends wlutn applying.
Camp-Fire Buttons
  Neat, inconspicuous emblem to be worn in lapel of coat
by members of Camp-Fire—auy one belongs who wishes to.
Designed to indicate the common interest which is the only
requisite for membership and to enable members to recognize
each other when they meet in far places or at home. Twen-
ty-livc cents, postpaid, anywhere.
Back Issues of Adventure
  WILL SELL: First October and Mid-December. 1918;
First and Mid-January. Mid-February. First and Mid-
April. First and Mid-May. iqiq. Fifteen cents a copy or
St.io for the set. postpaid.—Walter M. Evans, 69 Gil-
mour St., Ottawa, Canada.
Missing Friends or Relatives
  Our free service department “Lost Trails” in the pages
following, though frequently used in cases where detective
agencies, newspapers, nod all other methods have failed, or
for finding people long since dead, has located a very high
percentage of those inquired for. Exccpt in case of rela-
tives, inquiries from one sex to the other are barred.
Manuscripts
  Glad to look at any manuscript. We have no "regular
staff" of writer*. A welcome for new writer*. It is nnt
necessary to wile asking to submit your work.
  When submitting a manuscript, if you write a letter con-
cerning it. enclose it uilk the manuscript; do not send it
under separate cover. Enclose stamped and addressed
envelope for return. All manuscripts should be type-
written double-spaced, with wide margins, not rolled, name
and address on first page. We assume no risk for manu-
scripts or illustrations submitted, but use all due care while
they are in our hands. Payment on acceptance.
  We want only dean stories. Sex, morbid, "oroblem.'
psychological and supernatural stories barred. Use almost
no fact-articles. Can not furnish or suggest collaborators.
Use fiction of almost any length; under 3000 welcomed.
Mail Address and Forwarding Service
  This office, assuming no responsibility, will be glad to act
as a forwarding address for its readers or to hold mail till
called for. provided accessary postage is supplied.
Expeditions and Employment
  While we should like to be of aid in these matters, expe-
rience has shown that it is not practicable.
General Questions from Readers
  In addition to our free service department "Ask Adven-
ture" on the pages following. Adventure can sometimes
answer other questions within our general field. When it
can, it will. Expeditions and employment excepted.
Addresses
  Order of the Restless—Organizing to unite for fel-
lowship all who feel the wanderlust. First suggested in this
magazine, though having no connection with it aside from
our friendly interest. Address Wayne Ebkrly. 1833
SSt.. N. W.. Washington, D. C.
  Camp-Fire—Any one belongs who wishes to.
  High-School Volunteers of the U. S.—An organiza-
tion promoting a democratic: system of military training in
American hij;h schools. Address Everybody's, Spring and
Macdougal Streets, New York City.
  Rifle Clubs—Address Nat. Rifle Ass’n of America, no*
Woodward Bldg., Washington. D. C.
  (5err also under “Standing Information" tn "Ask Adven-
ture.'’)
Remember
  Magazines are made up ahead of time. An Item re-
ceived today is too late for the current issue: allow for two
or three months between sending and publication.
               A Free Question and Answer Service Bureau of Infor-
             mation on Outdoor Life and Activities Everywhere and
             Upon the Various Commodities Required Therein. Con-
             Upon the Various Commodities Kequirea i nerein. ^on-
             ducted for Adventure Magazine by Our Staff of Experts.
Q
.UESTIONS should be sent, not to this office, but direct to the
expert in charge of the department in whose field it falls. So
that service may be as prompt as possible, he will answer you
by mail direct. But he will also send to us a copy of each question and
answer, and from these we shall select those of most general interest
and publish them each issue in this department, thus making it itself
an exceedingly valuable standing source of practical information.
Unless otherwise requested, inquirer’s name and town are printed with
question; street numbers not given.
    When you ask for general information on a given district or subject
the expert will probably give you some valuable general pointers and
refer you to books or to local or special sources of information.
     Our experts will in all cases answer to the best of their ability, using
their own discretion in all matters perlaining to their departments
subject only to our general rules for “Ask Adventure,” but neither they nor the magazine assumes any
responsibility beyond the moral one of trying to do the best that is possible. These experts have been
chosen by us not only for their knowledge and experience but for their integrity and reliability. We have
emphatically assured each of them that his advice or information is not to be affected in any way by
whether a given commodity is or is not advertised in this magazine.
1.	Service free to anybody, provided stamped and addressed envelope is enclosed.
   Correspondents writing to or from foreign coqntries will please enclose Inter-
   national Reply Coupons, purchasable at any post-office, and exchangeable for stamps
   of any country in the International Postal Union.
2.	Send each question direct to the expert in charge of the particular department whose
    field covers it. He will reply by mail. Do NOT send questions to this magazine.
3.	No reply will be made to requests for partners, for financial backing, or for chances
    to join expeditions. “Ask Adventure” covers business and work opportunities, but
    only if they are outdoor activities, and only in the way of general data and advice. It
    is in no sense an employment bureau.
4.	Make your questions definite and specific. State exactly your wants, qualifications
   and intentions. Explain your case sufficiently to guide the expert you question.
5.	Send no question until you have read very carefully the exact ground covered by
   the particular expert in whose department it seems to belong.
L ★ Islands and Coasts
Captain A. E. Dingle. Cove Cottage. Pembroke West.
Bermuda. Islands of Indian and Atlantic oceans; the
Mediterranean; Cape Horn and Magellan Straits. Ports,
trade, peoples, travel.
2.	The Sea Part 1
B. W. Brintnall, 5527 Thirty-third Ave., N. E., Seattle,
Wash. Covering ships, seamen and shipping; nautical his-
tory. seamanship, navigation, yachting; commercial fish-
eries of North America; marine bibliography of U. S. and
British Empire; seafaring on fisliing-vessels of the North
Atlantic and Pacific banks, small-boat sailing, and old-time
shipping and seafaring.
3.	★ The Sea Part 2
Captain A. E. Dingle. Cove Cottage. Pembroke West.
Bermuda. Such questions as pertain to the sea. 'hips and
men local to the U. S. should be sent to Captain Dingle,
not Mr. Brintnall.
4.	Eastern U. S. Part 1
Raymond S. Spears, Little Falls. N, Y. Covering Missis-
sippi. Ohio. Tennessee. Michigan and Hudson valleys;
Great Lakes. Adirondack's, Chesapeake Bay; river, lake
and road travel, game, fish and woodcraft; furs, fresh-
water pearls, herbs; and their markets.
5.	Eastern U. S. Part 2
Hapsburc Lie be. Orlando, Fla. Covering Tennessee.
Alabama, Mississippi, and N. and S. Carolina. Florida and
Georgia except Tennessee River and Atlantic seaboard.
Hunting, fishing, camping; logging, lumbering, sawmill-
ing, saws.
6.	Eastern U. S. Part 3
Dr. G. E. Hathorne, 44 Central Street, Bangor, Maine.
Covering Maine; fishing, hunting, canoeing, guides, outfits,
supplies.
7.	Middle Western U. S. Part 1
Capt.-Adj. Joseph Mills Hanson, care Adventure. Cov-
ering the Dakotas. Nebraska, Iowa. Kansas. Hunting,
fishing, travel. Especially early history of Missouri valley.
8.	Middle Western U. S. Part 2
John B. Thompson, P. 0. Box 1374. St. Louis. Mo.
Covering Missouri. Arkansas and the Missouri Valley up to
Sioux City. Iowa. Wilder countries of the Ozarks, and
swamps; hunting, fishing, trapping, fanning, mining and
range lands; big timber sections.
9.	Western U. S. Part 1
E.	E. Harriman. 2303 W. 23d St.. Los Angeles, Calif. Cover-
ing California,Oregon. Washington, Utah, Nevada, Arizona.
Game. fur. fish; camp, cabin; mines, minerals; mountains.
10.	Western U. S. Part 2 and
   Mexico Part 1
(Editor to be appointed.) Covering Texas. Oklahoma.
New Mexico, and the border states of old Mexico: Sonora,
C hihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo Leon and Tamaulipas.
11.	Mexico Part 2 Southern
Edgar Young. 84 Court St.. Brooklyn. N. Y. Covering
that part of Mexico lying south of a line drawn from Tam-
pico to Mazatlan. Mining, agriculture, topography, travel,
hunting, lumbering, history, natives, commerce.
12.	North American Snow Countries Parti
Raymond S. Spears. Little Falls. N. Y. Covering Min-
nesota, Wisconsin. Hunting, fishing, trapping. Canoes and
snow-shoes; methods and materials of Summer and Winter
subsistence, shelter and travel, for recreation or business.
                   -kiEnrJose addressed envelope with 5 cents in coin NOT
 Return postage not required from U. S. or Canadian soldiers, sailors or marines in service outside the V. S.,
its possessions, or Canada.
187
Adventure
13.	★ North American Snow Countries Part 2
S. E. Sangstkk ("Canuck''). L. B. .93. 0*t»«a. Canada.
Covering Height ol Land and northern porta of Ouebec
and Ontario (except strip between Minn, and C. P. R'y):
southeastern parts ol Ungava and Keewatin. Trips for
sport, canoe routes, big game, fish, fur; equipment; Summer,
Autumn and Winter outfits; Indian life and habits, Hud-
son's Hay Co. posts; mineral's, timber ; customs r«-gulations.
No questions answered on trapping for profit.
14.	★ North American Snow Countries Part 3
George L. Cation. Gravcnhunst, Muskoka. Ont.. Canada.
Covering Southern Ontario and Georgian Bay. Fishing,
hunting, trapping, canoeing.
15.	North American Snow Countries Part 4
Ed. L. Carson, Burlington. W'ash. Covering Yukon. Brit-
ish Columbia and Alberta including Peace River district;
to Great Slave Lake. Outfits and equipment, guides, big
game, minerals, forest, prairie; travel; customs regulations.
16.	North American Snow Countries Part 5
Theodorb S. Solomons. 28.47 Fulton St.. Berkeley, Calif,
Covering Alaska. Arctic life and travel; boats, packing,
hack-packing, tractinu. triuisport, routes; equipments,
clothing, food; physics, hygiene; mountain work.
17.	North American Snow Countries. Part 6
H.	S. Belcher. 'The Hudson’s Bay Company, Ft.
Alexander, Manitoba, Canada. Covering Manitoba. Sas-
katchewan, MacKcnzie and Northern Keewatin. Home-
steading, mining, hunting, trapping, lumbering and traveL
18.	Hawaiian Islands and China
F.	J. Halton, Honolulu. T. H. Covering customs, travel,
natural history, resources, agriculture, fishing, hunting.
19.	Central America
Edgar Young, 84 Court Street, Brooklyn. N. Y. Covering
Canal Zone, Panama. Costa Rica. Nicaragua. Honduras.
British Hondiuas, Salvador, Guatemala. Travel, customs,
language, game, local conditions, minerals, trading.
20.	South America. Part 1
Edgar Young. 84 Court St., Brooklyn, N. Y. Covering
Colombia. Ecuador. Peru, Bolivia and Chile; geography,
inhabitants, history, industries, topography, minerals, game,
languages, customs.
21.	South America Part 2	•
P. H. Goldsmith, Inter-American Magazine. 407 West
117th St., New York. N. Y. Covering Venezuela, The
Gui.inas, Brazil. Uruguay, Paraguay and Argentine Re-
public. Travel, history, customs, industries, topography,
natives, languages, hunting and fishing.
    Asia. Southern
   ujon McCrkagh, 21 East 14th St.. New York City.
Gordon	____
Covering Red Sea. Persian Gulf. India, Tibet, Burma,
Western China, Siam, Andamans, Malay States, Borneo,
the Treaty Ports; hunting, trading, traveling.
23.	Philippine Islands
Buck Connor, Box 807A.—R. F. D. No. 10, Los Angeles.
California. Covering history, natives, topography, customs,
travel, hunting, fishing, minerals, agriculture, exports and
imports, manufacturing.	,
24.	Japan
Grace P. T. Knudson, Castine. Maine. Covering Japan:
Commerce, politics, people, customs, history, .geography,
tra\*cl, agriculture, art, curios.
25.	Russia and Eastern Siberia
Captain A. M. Lociiwit7.ky (Formerly Lieut.-Col. I. R. A.,
Rot.).Quartermaster, U. S. Troops. Mercedes. Texas. Cover-
ing Petroffrnd and its pmvince;Finland, Northern Caucasus;
Primorsk District. Island of Sakhalien; travel, hunting, fish-
ing, explorations among native tribes; markets, trade,curios.
2b. Africa Parti	,,	.
Thomas S. Miller, Eagle Bird Mine. Washington. Nevada
Co.. Calif. Covering the Gold, Ivory and Fever Coasts
of West Africa, the Niger River from the delta to Jebba,
Northern Nigeria. Canoeing, labor, trails, trade, expenses,
outfitting, flora; tribal histories, witchcraft, savagery.
Covering Morocco;
 Covering
 27. Africa Part 2
 George E. Holt. Frederick. Md.
 travel, tribes, customs, history, etc.
29 bt	P»n C Transvasl, N. W. and Southern
 Rhodesia. AriUsh East Africa, ligandu and the Ud-
    per < .ongo	v
 Charles Beadle, 7 Place de Tertre. Paris, XVIII
 V	ranee. Covering geography, hunting, equipment trad I
 mg. climate, mining, transport, customs, living conditions
 witchcraft, opportunities for adventure and sport.
                   Cook I*lands and Samoa
 Tan L. M.ua, The FeiUtmg Mur Peildmg. New Zealand.
 Cowring New Zealand. Cook Islands and Samoa. Travel
 history, customs; opportunities for adventurers, explorers
 and sportsmen.
 31. ★ Australia and Tasmania
 Albert Goldie, Hotel Sydney, Sydney, Australia.
 Covering customs, resources, travel, hunting, sports
 politics, history.
FIREARMS, PAST AND PRESENT
 Rifles, shot-guns, pistols, revolvers and ammunition.
 (Any questions on the arms adapted to a particular lo> ality
 should nol be sent to this department but to the Ask Ad-
 venture" editor covering the district in question.!
 A.—All	Shot-Guns (including foreign and American
 makes.) J. B. Thompson, Bo* 1374. St. Louis, Mo.
 B.—All	Rifles, Pistols and Revolvers 'including
 foreign and American makes). D. Wiggins. Saltan, Ore.
FISHING IN NORTH AMERICA
Salt and Fresh Water Fishing
 J. B. Thompson, Box 1374. St.. Louis. Mo. Covering
 iisking-tackle and equipment; fly and bait casting; lave bait;
 camping outfits.
STANDING INFORMATION
 For general information on U. S. and its possessions, write
 Sup t of Public Documents. Wash.. D. C.. for catalog of all
 Government publications.
 For the Philippines and Porto Rico, the Bureau of Insu-
 lar Affairs. War Dep't. Wash.. D. C. 1
 For Alaska, the Alaska Bureau, Chamber of Commerce,
 Central Bldg., Seattle, Wash.
 For Hawaii, Hawaii Promotion Committee, Chamber of
 Commerce. Honolulu, T. H. Also, Dep't of the Interior.
 Wash.. D. C.
 For Cuba, Bureau of Information, Dcp’x of Agrl, Com.,
 and Labor. Havana, Cuba.
 For Central and South America. John Barrett. Dir. Gen.
 Pan-American Union, Wash., D. C.
 For R. N. W. M. P.. Comptroller Royal Northwest
 Mounted Police. Ottawa. Can.. or Commissioner. R. N. W.
 M. P., Regina, Sask. Only unmarried British subjects, age
 22 to 30. above s ft- 8 in. and under 17s lbs., accepted.
 For Cana! Zone, the Panama Canal Commission, Wash.,
 D. C.
Tlic fallowing'
                                                   For U. S., its possessions and most foreign countries, the
                                                   Dep't of Com., Wash.. D. C.
             ★ (Enclose addressed envelope with s cents in stamps NOT attached)
Ask Adventure” editors are now serving i»i our military forces. We hope you will be Patient if their answers are
         at times delayed: Capt.-Adj. Joseph Mills Uanson, Copt. A. M. Lochwitzky.
British East Africa
IF YOU mean to go a-roaming don’t land
on the East African coast expecting to
pick up a job simply because you’re a
white man. Mr. Beadle explains' why a
white can only boss:
Question:—“I woukl like to ask you about British
East Africa. What are the opportunities for ad-
venture and sport? Are there many dangerous
reptiles and animals there?
  “What arc the living conditions for white men
there? What would the opportunities be for two
healthy boys?”—Harold Hibbard. Portland, Me.
  Answer, by Mr. Beadle:—In answer to your first
question, British East Africa is one of, if not the
greatest countries for sport in Africa, big game
Ask Adventure
and small; adventure, too, if you arc made that
way and are lucky.
  There are quite a number of dangerous reptiles,
crocodiles and many kinds of snakes. The Black
Mamba is the most deadly. And of animals, lion
in plenty, rhinoceros, 'buffalo, elephant and
leopard.
  White men there do only boss jobs; all other
work is done by natives, Indians or Goanese (a
half-breed from the island of Goa, India). So, for
the answer to Lhe last question, I am sorry that
I can not encourage you to go there until you have
a profession or trade—and then such profession or
trade would be limited to a few, such as rubber
planting, fiber, or as agent for some commercial
firm; and then you would have little opportunity
for adventure or shooting. Native trading is no
good now as the Indians compete against the white
man.
The Sunken Lands of Arkansas
DID you know the Mississippi once ran
up-stream? Or that the famous, re-
cently reclaimed farming land in the
sunken country of Northeastern Arkansas
was the result of a great earthquake, still
remembered by oldest inhabitants? You
may want to take a fishing or hunting trip
there-; or even to buy a farm in this super-
fertile section:
  Question:—'‘Please give me some information
regarding Big Lake, Arkansas. Is it a Govt,
game preserve? Can one fish there?
  “Also, what and where are the sunken lands of
Missouri and Arkansas? Is there good farming
land there? Has the land been reclaimed?"—
F. R. Sptegielle, Charles City, Iowa.
  Answer, by Mr. Thompson:—There are sunken
lands in both Southeast Missouri and Northern
Arkansas. The greatest Missouri tract is in the
overflow formed by Cane Creek and Little Black
River. Those best known to the writer are in
Mississippi County, Arkansas.
  Big Lake, Arkansas, is a Government preserve.
You can fish there, but commercial fishing is under
control of the Government. It is formed by the
widening of Little River and was for many years
the source of much rivalry between clubs and
market hunters, and was the largest shipping
section for wild ducks in the U. S.
  The sunken lands commence a little below Cape
Girardeau. Missouri, and extend into most of north-
eastern Arkansas. The present conditions were
created by the earthquake of 1813 when the land
sunk and earthquakes were felt at intervals for
almost a year. Audubon, the naturalist, made
considerable note of it. For a short time the
Mississippi River ran up-stream. Until drainage
ensued, creating the most fertile farming area on
the globe, it was a wilderness of swamp and of
veritable fish and game paradise. Similar con-
ditions prevailed in southern Tennessee, and Reel-
foot Lake is a result of the earthquake.
  For years it supported a population of market
hunters, fishermen and trappers. These were
recently forced to other pursuits when inundated
lands were redeemed.
I89
Rifles and Six-Guns
PERHAPS the rifle won the West, per-
haps the six-gun. Then again, both
may have lent a hand. Anyhow, here is
a lot of interesting comment by two men
who know what they’re talking about:
  Question:—"Just to get in on this gun chatter,
let me say that I learned to use a gun at the tender
age of 8, in the big timber of Minnesota. The
first time that I ever fired a gun was away prior
to that time, however. My mother, sister and
three brothers had allowed me to visit the sugar
camp with them. On the way to camp my oldest
brother shot a ruffled grouse—partridge, we called
them.
  He reloaded the single-barreled Harper's Ferry
smoothbore, set it against the log cabin, and began
to gather sap. .All the rest moved off. I tackled
the gun, got it over a small log, braced my belly
against the butt, locked both middle fingers over
the trigger and—gosh, how quick I sat down!
I had to set the butt on the ground and cock the
gun by pushing down with both hands, but I had
done it.
  I scared the women folks crazy, got a shaking
from Frank, my senior, had a sore spot on my front
elevation, but, Lordy, how big I felt!
  I have, hunted with Mississippi Yaegers, Ken-
tucky squirrel rifles, the old Harper’s Ferry gun
(for years), with paper cartridge Sharps that
carried an ounce round ball, with Belgian muskets,
with Ballards, Colts, Wessons, Henry, Spencer,
L. C. Smith shotgun, with Winchesters. As I
write three Winchesters hang above me on the wall,
.22 special, .32-.40, and a .45-.70 meat-getter, as
Harry Knibbs calls it.
  Having had a half century of gun experience
I claim to be there to a certain extent, with knowl-
edge of weapons and 1 smiled with a sincere pleasure
when I read what Chas. Beadle said in the February
3rd issue. A .45 automatic will kick itself up if
hred rapidly till it shoots far above the target.
I have tried them out on the Beverly Hill Gun
Club range and have had numerous others try
them while I watched. There arc few men who
can hold one down to its work and rattle off the
shots at the same speed that a fair gunman with
a good old six-gun S. A. when spotting his bull
every crack.
  I have seen a man who had used an automatic
for a year try both on a 25-yard target and his
score, rapid fire, was 50 per cent, better with the
old gun. Then one of the boys who had an auto-
matic and boasted of its excellence, tried six shots
at speed and his last shot went out at about 15
degrees above the target, each shot kicking it
higher. He simply could not hold it down.
  I own two D. A. six-guns, but I always use
them as S. A. weapons. In case some guy bats
me over the head and climbs my frame, I may use
the self-cocking device to save his feelings, but not
otherwise. I agree with Chester, but here is a
point for the novice who wants to learn. Get to
know' the feel and hang of your gun just as a me-
chanic learns a tool. A good carpenter ran drive
a nail straight while he looks away from it. If
you know' your gun right it flips on the bull as it
comes from the holster, at any short range, in-
stinctively.
190
Adventure
   lake ihe empty gun in the privacy of your own
 room and practise drawing and throwing down on
 objects, also swinging directly on the bull from
 the holster, without any extra motion. I never
 throw down but shoot on the rise. To prove that
 1 understood throwing down 1 have dipped both
 top and bottom of a 3-inch bull and centered it
 with the third shot, rapid fire, throwing down
 with a 44, but I Like my own style better. 1 lose
 no motion.
  My experience with the .32-.20 S. & W.:
I once drilled a jack rabbit through the head at
S3 yards, only to have him go on slowly hopping
in a dazed fashion till I caught him. Never upset
him. Yet it tears a thundering hole when the soft
nose touches a bone in a bigger animal. But my
good old Colts .45 is the burglar annihilator, ele-
phant gun, whale-killer.
  Ihe S. & W. .44-.40 will do the work, too
and do it up brown. One I had not long ago used
up a 600-pound grizzly in three shots, whidi isn’t
so darned bad after all.
  The .32-.20 may be what old Vincent, up in
our mountains here, calls “A - pea shooter,”
but it is such a beauty and such a performer on
the range and at small game that I love it. 11 will
stay with me till I croak, and then my grandson
gets it if he can shoot right.
   In the argument concerning which gun opened
up the West, I say the rifle. The six-gun was the
scrapper's gun, the gun for brawls and murders
and for most of the arrests by officers, but the rifle
did the bulk of the real work in making buck
Injuns absent and varmints scary. Let the ultra-
modern hoot at the Winchester and praise his Ross
or his Newton, but the .45-.70 or .45-.90 cleared
a wide swath down which decent men could walk
safely.
  In the Russo-Turkish war there were many
Russians killed at over two miles range by dropping
fire from .45-.90 Winchesters. A gun that
will do that is no slouch of a cannon. Remember
what the mine superintendent said in the Led
Horse Claim—“A Winchester is a mighty com-
prehensive weapon,” and many a pioneer thanked
his gods that it was so when he was up against
*red or white outlaws. Many such have found
the rifle a better weapon, properly handled, than
a six-gun.”—E. E. Harriaian, Los Angeles, Calif.
  Answer, by Mr. Wiggins:—Mr. Harri man’s
experience with automatics seems to be similar to
many others of which I know. I think the revolver
at high speed lines up more naturally and accurately
than the automatic. The double action is beyond
all doubt quicker than the single action. I con-
sider either one preferable to an automatic for
serious work.
   A good shot will draw a revolver and hit a can
 from three to six shots when the can is thrown in the
 air, the revolver being drawn after it was thrown.
 Also the revolver, caliber for caliber, seems to have
 more killing effect than the automatic, due to the
 soft lead bullet of the revolver expanding slightly.
   I have never known of an instance where the
bullet from a .45 Colt failed to knock a man off
his feet. I do not think’the .32- .20 is the equal
of the .38 special for stopping power.
   There is no doubt that the rifle killed off most of
 the bad characters, but I think the credit should
 go to Col. Colt for origination of the multi-shot
 weapon I recollect an instance of a horse thief
 being killed wjth a 45 Colt at a distance of L'60
yards. Short range weapon, eh?
British Honduras
  A PPARENTLY it’s up to some venture-
some soul to penetrate the jungles
and ranges of this little known land and
find out what it's like. The natives won’t.
They’re too lazy. Anyhow, there is always
a strange, compelling fascination about an
unexplored country. Therefore we give
you the following: _
   Question:—“Can you give me some general
information about British Honduras? 1 am espe-
cially interested in the chances for placer mining
 there.
   What is its topography, chief industry, and
population? What sort of natives might one
expect Lo find?
   Has the interior been explored? What arc its
imports?”—L. S. D., Tensacola, Fla.
Answer, by Mr. Young:—Area 19,585 kilometers.
   Population 37,000.
Capital, Beliz, or Bclice, population 4,000.
   Exports: a little mahogany, rubber, fruits and
 hides.
    Imports: small quantities of cotton fabrics, flour,
 implements, etc., principally from the U. S. A.
   Geography: Low lying, for the most part, with
 a few hills known as die Cockscombs Mountain^
 forming the highest elevations. A view from the
 top of Victoria Mt. to the east shows at close
 hand a number of thickly wooded hills about three
 hundred feet high and dropping abruptly to a
 flat, swampy, tropical jungle, marked here and
 there with sluggish rivers and streams. Beyond
 and beyond would be the coast and a chain
 of islands paralleling it. No human being could
 ever see tins far in British Honduras, for a clear
 day is a rare thing, due to the excessive rainfall
 at all seasons. The actual temperature is not high,
 ranging from 26 to 30 centigrade, but on account
 of the humidity it is very oppressive and quickly
 saps the vitality. It is possibly for this reason
 that the inhabitants of British Honduras are easily
 the laziest of all Central America.
 y There are very few white people in British
 Honduras. The bulk of the population is negro
 and mulatto who speak a poor kind of English
 which puzzles a newcomer, a few pure Carib
 Indians, mixed Carib-Ncgro breeds, and Spanish-
 Indian or Spanish-Negro mixtures. The entire
 colony is sparsely settled and is distributed as
 follows: District of Beliz, 5,000; Corozal, 1,804;
 Orange Walk, 3,700; Stann Creek, 5,166; Toledo,
 2,400; and Cayo, 2,000.
    Very Utile is known of the interior of this country.
 As small as it is the people are too lazy to go back
 into it and see what it is like. They are content
 to roll around in filth and idleness and Uve prin-
 cipaUy on fish and the natural fruits and nuts of
 the near-by jungles. The British government
 keeps a few negro soldiers from Jamaica stationed
 at various points to preserve order. The colony
 is ruled by a governor, assisted by a congress of ten
Lost
members. The negroes of the colony are allowed
to elect a queen, which they do with great pomp.
  The natives along the coast barter back and forth
among themselves, each coast town having a flotilla
of canoes tied in front of it, and quite a bit of turtle
shell is sold to local traders who export it to this
country. In the hill country com, rice, manioc
(from which tapioca is made), cotton, aloe, coffee,
cacao (chocolate), oranges, bananas, rubber,
pepper, and many other products thrive easily.
The price of land (government Crown land) is nom-
inally fixed at five dollars a hectare (over two acres).
  Traces of gold, silver and lead have been found
in some of the creeks of this country, but nothing
of any note. The formation of the Cockscombs
is a hard granite with quartz veins cropping out
in places. Hunting placer ground is a rather tedious
process, due to the heavy growth of jungle.
  The lowland was once sea-bottom and was doubt-
less built up to its present level by coral growth.
There have been a few small placer operations
at various points in the colony but I have never
heard of one that amounted to much. For my
part T would not suggest British Honduras if you
are thinking of trying to locate placer ground or
dredging ground. However, it will only cost you
a §5 tax to try it out. That is what the govern-
ment charges for prospecting license. And if you
find anything you must declare it immediately,
have it surveyed by a government surveyor and pay
royalty on each ounce mined.
  The laws of Spanish Honduras are much more
liberal. Spanish and not British Honduras would
be my suggestion for prospecting. Several of
my answers regarding this country have been
printed in Adventure Magazine during the past
two years. Write to The Pan-American Union,
Washington, D. C., for the booklet “Honduras—
general descriptive data” for general information.
Also write Department of Commerce, Latin-
American Division, Washington, D. C., for supple-
ments to commerce reports covering Spanish
Honduras.
Trails	191
The Original Seven Seas
 PERHAPS some of you may have still
 a different explanation of the origin
 of the term “Seven Seas.” Here are two.
 Though no fixed definition can be found,
 anyone is entitled to his own theory:
    Question:—“Be so good as to inform me what the
  expression the ‘Seven Seas’ signifies?
   What seven seas are meant? How and when did
 the term originate?”—Geo. M. Klein, Vicksburg,
 Mississippi.	, •
   Atirwer, by Captain Dingle-—The term Seven
 Seas is hard to trace to its absolute source. There
 are almost as many definitions, and dales of origin,
 as there are waves on those Seven Seas. One of the
 most general suppositions is that the term embraces
 the Five Oceans and the Carribbean and Medi-
 teranean Seas, which in bygone days were seas of
 distinct trades. For example, ships plied the great
 oceans on distant voyages or exploring cruises,
 while the Mediterranean and Caribbean Seas were
 sufficiently well known to have established firms
 trading to them with their vessels, the Levanters
 and West Indiamen.
    There was another selection of Seas which many
  understood to be the Seven, but the reason is not
  very bright unless one remembers that sailors in
  days before steam made some very eventful voyages
  in remote regions, and were apt to recall such voy-
  ages by events that affected their ship—such as
  pirates in the China Seas, savages in the South Seas,
  slavers in the Arabian Sea, etc. These other Seven
  Seas were the Mediterranean, Caribbean, Baltic,
  Arabian, North, China, and South Seas.
    Personally, although the evidence is not so dear
  to a landsman, I lean to the latter explanation.
  But there is not a fixed definition to be found, that
  I have even discovered, so it remains after all greatly
  a matter of opinion if not guesswork.
LOST TRAILS
  Note—We offer this department of the "Camp-Fire" free of charge to those
of our readers who wish to get in touch again with old friends or acquaintances
from whom the years have separated them. For the benefit of the friend you
seek, give your own name if possible. Ail inquiries along this line, unless contain-
ing contrary instructions, will be considered as intended for publication in full
with inquirer's name, in this department, at our discretion. We reserve the
right, in case inquirer refuses his name, to substitute any numbers or other
names, to reject any item that seems to us unsuitable, and to use our discretion
in all matters pertaining to this department. Give also vour own full address.
We will, however, forward mail through this office, assuming no responsibility
therefor. We have arranged with the Montreal Slor to give additional publi-
cation in their “Missing Relative Column.” weekly and daily editions, to any of
our inquiries for persons last heard of in Canada. Except in ease of relatives,
inquiries from one sex to the other are barred.
r)IVERS. JOHN STERLING. Last heard of in Pax-
ton. Any one knowing his whereabouts kindly com-
municate with his son.—Address Robert S. Divers, Gen-
eral Deliver!', Enid. Okla.
IZAT. JOHN. Last heard of in Cumberland, Md.
 Miner by trade Any information of his whereabouts
 W V aPPreciated.—Address E. E. Hibbs, Burnsville,
TV/Tc^OI-L. TOHN B. Last heard of at the 39th St. Y. M.
    C.	A.. New York, November, 1917. Any one knowing
his whereabouts please write.—Address A. M. Buck, Sun
Inlet, B. C.
V4EAD. JOSEPH T. Age twenty-two years. Last
heard of at Spokane, Washington, in 1015. Any in-
formation will be appreciated.—Address W. G- Thompson.
Co. H, 62nd Inf., Camp Lee, Va.
192
Adventure
I EN FZ. GEO. TH"EO- Last heard of iii Lancaster,
' Pa. Any information will be gratefully apprevwied.—
Address Frank J. Miujsr, 2505 A St., Lincoln. Nebraska.
[\4AGILL. ROBERT. Left home at fourteen years of
f * age. Last heard ttvm ui Africa sume years ago A.ny
information will be gratefully appreciated.—Add: ess
George H. .Mao.ll, ioi South 6th Avc Tucson, Arizona.
         Q‘»llff um at uo«e wbeu you have found
your uiitu.
W/ATSON PVT. A W Nu 3x05125 -C- Company.
" tst Battn., fecund C. O. Rsgt . C. E. P. PUaw let
me have your address. Also Corporal Fee, Sgt. Laucatch
(Austi Ulan* and other Shun boys of *'C“ C<*npaiiy.—Ad-
dress Pts. Bill Wolfe, Box 1242. Habana, Cuba.
pAi<LE. JOHN ERNEST. Couwn. Last heard of
*-• December ylh. loid, Camp Punston. Kansas. Was
a corporal and with the 11 Co., 164 Depot Brig. Any one
knowing his whereabouts please write.—Address Eva
Crank. R. No. j. Bo* 89, Wewoka, Okla.
UOPFNER. MR. and MRS FREDERICK. Left Do-
*	1 brink*. Apronsf, Russia, in i8q# Mrs. Hofiner'a
maiden name was Mary N'uss. Think they went to farm
in South Carolina. Will be grateful for any information.—
Address Pvte. J. Ostekman. H. D. 7th Reg. U. S. M. C..
Son Juan, Santiago de Cuba.
YY7ICKCLIFF. EARL. Last heard of was with the Ord-
y naocc Department. U. S. Army, stationed at Camp
Grant, IlL Believed to be in Oklahoma. Texas or Detroit.
Michigan. Any information will be gratefully received.—
Address C- A. Wildine, 446 Cass Ave., Detroit, Micliigan.
  Inquiries will be printed three times, then
taken out. In the Hrst February Issue all un-
round names asked for during the past two
years will be reprinted alphabetically.
DH1LLIPS. ORRESTES. C. Age forty-two. height
1 about five feet five inches, dark hair and eyes, hair
id ways inclined to curl. Last heard from five years ago,
then in Jackson. Mississippi. Any information of his
whereabouts will be gratefully appreciated by his mother.—
Address Mrs. Hannah Phillips, California^ Pa.
jV/lORROW. THOMAS. He was once in the 4th U. S.
1V1 Cavalry and once stationer! at Fort Apache, Arizona.
He was about five feet seven tnches tall. Black hair and eyes,
stocky build; would now be about sixty-odd years old. Was
last heard from in California about twenty-Six years ago.
Any information concerning him will be greatly appreciated
by his sister.—Address Mrs. Margaret C. M. Bretz, 7.311
Vincennes Ave., Chicago. 111.
TUK follow lug have been Inquired for In full In
*	either the First July or Mid-Jul* U»ue» ,,f
             ThV raB *** “ame of the Inquirer
from this magazine:
D1RD, RHODORA- Bohitsx, lack; Bowman. Clarence
V i?31*6 Prank; Coles, Hildegard R.; jenks Al-
th«. Nettie; v.<j«npanv A, irt Kentucky; Cumui. H.atn,
Doyle. Michael; Dunum. George R.; Baton. Herben P.-
Foley. Pet« (rtxjw Marlea; ferries. Chari* D., Jenk*
f"**!/ « ;	Vaoc* Harold; Keefer
Vf Ketffer) Lee. Delbert C. Marshall. Ben W.: MarUn,
Abraham- Mcgguon.Iuhn B : Reev«. Wallace. Aobn»*,n
Hifbaxd Frederick; Ross. John K.; Rundhangen, Olaf;
Enc^n. Bernard; Smith. Forman: Thump,..n. Cotn.an;
    S^N“vui Aviation Repair Base; Wardell. Norman; Wet
\\ C-arleton; Httterich. G*iri; Firgu*on. Herman; Stair,
John, Hainan, Bruce, Wdhama, H. M ; Wright. Leu K.
MANUHCBIPTS I Nf LAI M Li)
LIASTLAR GAL BREATH; Ruth GUfilUn, Lee Hava-
1 Jack P Robinson, Ray Ocmar; Miss Junmie Banks-'
0.	B Franklin; G. H. Bennett; Bryon Chruhulm; Wm. s!
Hides.
1 JNCLA1MKD mall Is held by Adventure for ihe
following persons, who may obtain It by
sending us present address and proof of Identity.
A RNOLD, TED; Aspinartos. A.; Brady, Grover C •
** Bnson. Clarence F ; Bishop, L. O.; Benson, E. W.;
Babcock. Lucius A.; Beaton, 0. M.; Carr. Mrs. Fred;
t t , 1	V' «W| uuiu,	xunia, nailer 1.;
I.	C. H.; Hart. Jack; Harding. James; Harrison, Tillson L.;
Hiskert, Wm.' Hunt. Dan’l 0 Connel: Johnson, Walter R ■
Kuckaby, William; Kolvn. Edward; Lee, Wm. R.; Lofler,
Mrs. Harry; Leighton, Capt.; Laxter, Jack; Lee, C.;
“Lonely Jock”; MacDonald. Donald Can-; Ma^Mahon. J.
A.; MacNamee. Alva I.; Miller. B. J.; Morrisy, K. A.: Me
Cord. P. A.; Maples. C. M.; McGraw, John; Nelson. Frank
Lovell- Nichols. Leon; Norman. Cook William; Richards.
Lewis S.; Reid. Raymond; Rodgers. Stewarx, Reed. H. W.;
Schmidt. Walter; Scott, James F.; Seaman. W. E-; Shep-
hard. H. O.: St. John. Irving T.; Stanley, Jack: Swan,
George; Taylor. Jim; Van Tyler. Chester. Von Gelucke.
Byron; Wcthcrcll, Delos. E.: Ward. Prank B.: Williams,
Bertram I.; Williams. Ray. Williams. W. P.; Western, S.
S.; Yelton, Roy T.; Young. Leon.
DLEASE send us your present address. Letters for-
1	warded to you at address given us do not reach you.
Satisfactory proof of identity must accompany each claim
for mail.—Address J. E. Cox, care Adventure.
THE TRAIL AHEAD
MID-AUGUST ADVENTURE
Ten stories come to you with the Mid-Augrust number,
you will find mentioned on the second page of this issue!
are the others:
Two
 Here
PARIAHS OF PIPEROCK	By W. C. Tattle
     Ike and I.hrty .'thirl again take a hand in the battle that rages around demon rum.
THE WHITE FROG	By Chart*» EcadU
     An African story that you will like.
ON BAYOU NOIR	By Hermann Baeher Deatich
in which an old alligator plays a part in the affairs of a Frcnch^-American colony.	*
RILEY GRANNAN’S LAST ADVENTURE-AND AFTER	By Sam C. Dunham
     What the miners heard by a grave in the wind-swept desert.
A MESSAGE FOR HAGGERTY	By Charles Wewley Sander«
    otraigm past the stop signa’ drove the big engine—and trouble began.	.
SAVAGES. A Four-Part Story. Part III	By Gordon Young
     In the South Sea Islands Gilbert Lang's trail to vengeance leads into dangerous places.
APRON STRINGS	By Edgar Young
     He was a wanderer, and he had great ideas for conquering the world. Then he walked into the little telegraph office
UNDUE INFLUENCE	By Robert J. Pear tall
     John Partridge has an ad venture In mid-ocean.
How Many faces
has Four Bits ?
  Funny thing about money. A half dollar
looks different every time you lift it out of
your pocket. It's hardly big enough to
cotint when you are taking a girl to a show
and supper, but next day it looks like a mil-
lion dollars when you invest it at a lunch
counter.
  The more it buys the harder it is to
spend.
  All of which is suggested by what a mil-
lionaire said to me the other day—as free
a spender as I ever passed a hotel evening
with:—
    "Look here, Jim,” he said, “I can’t
    see that 50 cent size of Mennen's
    —it’s too much coin to spend at one
    time for shaving cream.”
    “But it’s a bigger tube,” I protested,
   “you get more for your money than
   in the regular 35 cent size.”
   "I know,” he answered, slipping
   half a dollar to the waiter, “but 35
   cents is my price for shaving
   cream.”
  Ain’t human nature wonderful?
  In our fifty cent tube of Mennen’s there’s
enough shaving cream to bring peace and
the joy of living into a man’s life every
morning for
  Enough cream to soften the meanness out
of two seasons' crops of stubble.
  And a quality of shaving cream so fine, so
unusual, so remarkable—
  —say, have you ever tried Mennen’s
Shaving Cream? Have you taken a half
inch on a drenched brush and whipped it
for three minutes into a creamy, firm, moist
lather—with the brush only—using a lot
of water, hot or cold—
  —and then slipped the razor down the
east facade of your jaw in the most deli-
ciously glorious shave of your career?
  You’ve got to know Mennen's to like it.
Send me 12 cents and I'll mail a demon-
strator tube. Try it ! Then reason with
yourself calmly if many months of such
shaves aren’t worth the price of two Per-
fectos.
(Mermen Salesmuri)
Ad(lrt« .
7-19
Jim Henry.
The Mennen
Company
Newark. N. J.
 :l me the demonstrator tiit'e.
 the 1! cent« IfMennensIs
 js you saj—60 centt a tube
  and cigarettes helped to win ii
   What a part the cigarette played!
   In those grim, tense moments, waiting^
   for the word to “go**; in that blessed lull,I
   hours afterward, just before the
   party came; in those other, sterner
   ments when his spirit fought to si
   what was the thing he wanted most?
    The cigarette!
   And now. with the big job done, what
   so much as the cigarette will help " KJeej>
   him smiling *’ until he’s home again ? '-ffl
zA fact:
FATIMA
    A Sensible Cigarette ^
_______ ~
* # t« t ik
. * ' a
   Over 740 million Fatimu have so far been shipped
to our soldiers abroad. And more are constantly On the
way lor the boys who still arc over there.