10*

DIME

MARCH

MYST E RY

 © MAGAZINE

NECKLACES	J	x

FOR THE	r'~ • ...................4

DYING	?

 FEA TURE - L ENCTH
 MVSTEftY-TFfiROR NOVEL

  ^FREDERICK
  C. DAVIS

 THE
 tMBALMERS

 STARTL/NC. D/fFERENT
 TERROR NOVELETTE

 by GARRY
 GRANT

WAYNE ROGERS
GEORGE EDSON

    AMD OTHERS

LARRY MOORE
I EVER

IIK£D~ anc* fjf*£
11 pimples hg*r

FIRST GIRL

But it
wasn’t
too late,
Ben

found, to
mend tlie
trouble

 I THOUGHT VOL) AND THAT
NICE NEW BABS> GIRL NEXT
DOOR. WERE GOING TO BE
FRIENDS —WHAT
lHAPPENED?

 DON-T BE FOOLISH, MOMXf

  GUESS I'LL TAKE THIS

 MAGAZ1ME UP TO AAV .
 ROOM AMD READ/

 MOAA MUST BE BLIND.,
 I WISH BABS WAS-^
 WISH THESE. PIMPLES
 WERE INVISIBLE!

 WISH ID KNOWN
 BABS BEFORE-

 DOES SEEM TO BE A LOT OFEM--J
 SA\ YOU KNOW MY COUSIN RAY~ HE
 TOOK FLEISCHMANN'S YEA5T
 FOR HIS PIMPLES.

 WIPED'EM, RIGHT
 OFF THE OLD PHIZ

Don’t let adolescent pimples
make YOU hide away!

 Between the ages 13 and 25, important
 glands develop. This causes disturbances
 throughout the body. Waste poisons in the
 blood irritate the skin, causing pimples.

   In treating adolescent pimples, doctors
 prescribe Fleischmann’s Yeast. This fresh
 yeast clears the blood of skin irritants
 that cause pimples. Then the pimples dis-
 appear. Eat Fleischmann’s Yeast 3 times
 a day, before meals, until skin clears.

—c/eabs m?

       by clearing skin irritants
       out of the blood

 Copyright, 1936, Standard Brands Incorporated
 'look here, N.R.rx
 < HAS TRAINED HUNDREDS
 jOF MEN LIKE ME TO
 ^ MAKE GOOD MONEV
 J C-UESS I LL GET THAT
 FREE BOOK

  THIS IS SWELL FUN>i
  AND I AM BEGINNING
  TO MAKE MONEY
  ON THE SIDE ALREADY
  RADIO SORE IS FULL
  OF OPPORTUNITIES
  FOR TRAINED MEN.

  f YOU CERTAINLY-^
  KNOW RADIO.
  MINE NEVER
  t SOUNDED BETTER

TJ

  THANKS” YOU
  SEE I HAVE
  TAKEN N.R.I.
  TRAINING

 r

 (OH! JIM, ITS
 WONDERFUL.
 NOW YOU'RE
 OIV THE WAY
 TO SUCCESS

 YES MARY, AND
 THERE'S A REAL
 FUTURE FOR
 US IN THIS
 RADIO FIELD.

I’LL TRAIN YOU AT HOME

In Your Spare Time For A y \

GOOD RADIO JOB

1

HERE'S PROOF
that my training pays

$3,200 in One Year

“My books show that for
the year 1933 1 ran *8,200.
Radio service doe«.i t
come too tough for me
now. Yoa know who
taught me Radio?—N. R.
I.**-J. P. WILSON, Box
48. Weetville. Okla.

More Work Than
He Can Do

"At times I have more
work than 1 can do. I av-
erage $400 to $600 profit
a year in my spare time.
I ran always make » rood
living or better, in Radio,
thankf. »n the N. R. I.’
-GORDON ANGWIN,
1816 Barrett Ave., Rich-
mond,Calif.

Picked Up $1,800 While
Studying
**I picked op $1,800 while
studying, and 1 call that easy
money—the time 1 gave my Ra-
dio work did not interfere with
mv other business. OTIS
DENTON. 14106 Lorain Ave-
nue, Clovoland. O.

  MAIL THE COUPON NOW. Got the facts about Radio—
  the field with a future. N. R. I. training fits you for jobs
  In connection with the manufacture, sale and operation of
  Radio equipment. It fits you to go In business for your-
  self. service sets, operate on board ships, in broadcasting,
  television, aviation, police Radio and many other opportu-
  nities. My FREE book tells how I train you quickly at
  home in spare time to be a Radio Expert.

  MANY RADIO EXPERTS MAKE $30, $50, $75 A WEEK
  Why struggle along in a dull Job with low pay and no future?

  Stnrt training now for the live-wire Radio field. 1 have
  helped many men make more money. Hundreds of success-
  ful men now in Radio got their start through N. R. I. training.

      MANY MAKE $5, $10. $15 A WEEK EXTRA
  IN SPARE TIME WHILE LEARNING
  Hold your job. I’ll not only train you in a few hours of
  your spare time a week, but the day you enroll I start sending
  you Extra Money Job Sheets which quickly show you how
  to do Radio repair Jobs common in most every neighborhood.

  I pive you Radio Equipment for conducting experiments and
  making tests that teach you to build and service practically
  p-ery type of receiving set made. James R. Rita, 3525 Chap-
  line Street. Wheeling, W.Va., writes: "During my training, my spare
  time earnings netted me an average of $1,000 to $1,600 yearly.**

      FIND OUT WHAT RADIO OFFERS

  My book has shown hundreds of fellows how to make more
  money and win success. It’s FREE to any ambitious fellow
  over 15 years of age. Investigate. Find out what Radio offers
  you. Rend what my graduates are doing and making, about

   my Money Back Agreement, and *he many ofher N. R. I. features. Mall
   the coupon in an envelno**. or paste it on a lc nost card TODAY.

       J. E. SMITH, President, Dept. 6CS9
       National uadio Institute, Washington, D. C.

 T J. E. SMITH, President, Dept. 6CS9” ™	"" T|

    National Radio Institute, Washington, D. C.

        Dear Mr. Smith: Without obligating me. send your book which points out Che
    spare time and full time opportunities in Radio and your 50-50 method of training
    men at home in spare time to become Radio Experts. (Please Write Plainly.)

J. E. SMITH. President
National Radio Institute

Tbe man who baa directed the
Home-Studv Training of mor*
men for the Radio induatnr
than any other man In Ameneae

NAME.

 AGE.

 I

 I

ADDRESS

CITY................................................ WAX*.................. J..

 STATE.
DO/SB

Volume Ten	March, 1936	Number Four

TWO FULL-LENGTH NOVELS OF EERIE MYSTERY

Necklaces for the Dying............................_......................JBy Frederick C. Davis 8

Claire Forester feared the rabid passion that stared at her from out the stone-cutter’s
lust-filled eyes—feared, too, those fabulously strong hands, which some whispered,
shaped ghastly necklaces for the dying. . . .

Brides for the Beast_________________________________________________________________By Wayne Rogers 40

A lust-mad scientist whispered secrets concerning her lover’s birth to Minna Talbot—
while a mad thing, whose origin was unknown, brought terror to that mountain ztrilder-
ness. . . .

TWO WEIRDLY REALISTIC MYSTERY-TERROR NOVELETTES

The Embalmers...............................................................................By Garry Grant 76

Was Marmon truly mad as he stood grim vigil beside the white, still body of his beloved
—protecting her from perils which only the living should fear?

Convicts from Hell...........—..............................................By George Alden Edson 104

Thousands of volts of electricity swept through his quivering body—but Nan Raymond
feared that his grisly promise to return and wreak ghastly vengance upon her would be
keptl

SHORT TALES OF GRIPPING TERROR

Death’s Warm Fireside......................................................................By Paul Ernst 34

Through strangely clinging snowdrifts Malcolm Slade tardily returned to a lost love.

Bedfellow from Hell........................................................................By Larry Moore 67

Leona awakened to find her bed invaded by one whose grisly passions were not of this
earth!

Locked in With Death.....................................................................By Dale Clark 95

Girls, whose beauty condemned them to horrible death, cowered in their homes—where
their danger was greatestl

—AND—

Dark Council............................................................................._A Department 122

                        Cover Painting by Tom Lovell
                        Story Illustrations by Amos Sewell

Published •very month by Popular Publications. Inc., 2256 Grove Street, Chicago. Illinois. Editorial and executive
offices. 205 East Forty-second Street. New York City. Harry Steeger. President and Secretary, Harold S. Goldsmith, Vice
President and Treasurer Entered as seoond-class matter October 6. 1933. at the p'st office at Chicago. 111., under the Act
of March 3. 1879. Title registration pending at U. S. Patent Office. Copyright. 1938. by 1*0 pul a r Publications, Ino
Single copy price 10c. Yearly subscriptions in D. S. A. $1.00. For advertising rates address Sam J. Perry, 205 E. 42nd St.,
New York, N. Y. When submitting manuscripts kindly enclose stamped self-addressed envelope for their return if found
unavailable. The publishers cannot accept responsibility for return of unsolicited manuscripts although cars will be exercised
In handling them.
FATE Led Them to a Living Tomb!

EVEREADY BATTERIES

^ i ARE FRESH BATTERIES

ONE REASON WHY THEY LAST LONGER

light continued
tobuml"

But Edward Eiskamp
    and S ix Co m-
    panions Cheated
    Death in Under-
    ground Maze

EdvoarJ Eiskamp who. With six companions,
had this thrilling experience in the Sam's PoirU
cates inthe wilds of toe CatskiUs.

“Splash . . . our tiny rock-bound world went black! I had dropped
our flashlight into a pool of icy water at the very bottom of that
cavem-maze that burrows for miles in every direction under the

—-----Catskills. Without light, here was our

living tomb. In weeks or months or
years someone would find seven skele-
tons in this crypt.

   “But the light continued to bum. Up through eight feet of water came
the bright halo of hope. We fished up that flashlight, and those powerful
fresh Eveready Batteries lighted our way back from Eternity.”

Docs this date
line really mean
anything?

Of course, anybody can
date a battery—but. only
EVEREADY can really
guarantee freshness. Take
it from me. Eveready Bat-
teries sell 4. 5 and 6 time*
as fast as other makes. They
don’t go stale on the shelf.
They don’t have time to.

You bet. When
batteries dry out
on dealers* shelves,
they lose their life
and power. Only
fresh batteries are
long-lived, de-
pendable.

3
FACTORY
TO YOU

NEW REMINGTON NOISELESS
PORTABLE!

4

Money Back Guarantee
10-Day Free Trial Offer

AT LAST! The famou* Remington Noiseless
l\ Portable that speaks in a whisper is available
for only 10* a day. Here is your opportunity to
get a real Remington Noiseless Portable direct
from the factory. Equipped with all attachments
that make for complete writing equipment. Stand-
ard keyboard. Automatic ribbon reverse. Variable
line spacer and all the conveniences of the finest
portable ever built. PLUS the NOISELESS fea-
ture. Act now while this special opportunity
bolds good. Send coupon TODAY for details.

YOU DON'T RISK A PENNY

We send you the Remington Noiseless Portable
direct from the factory with 10 days FREE trial.

If you are not satisfied, send it back. WE PAY
ALL SHIPPING CHARGES.

•	FREE TYPING COURSE

With your new Remington Noiseless Portable we will send you
—absolutely FREE—a 19-page course in typing. It teaches the
Touch System, used by all expert typists. It is simply written
and completely illustrated. Instructions are as simple as A, B,

C. Even a child can easily understand this method. A little
study and the average person, child or adult, becomes fasci-
nated. Follow this course daring the 10-Day Trial Period we
give you with your typewriter and you will wonaer why you
ever took the trouble to write letters by hand.

•	FREE CARRYING CASE

Also under this new Purchase Plan we will send you FREE with
every Remington Noiseless Portable a special carrying case
sturdily built of 3-ply wood. This handsome case is covered with
heavy du Pont fabric. The top is removed by one motion, leaving
the machine flrmly attached to the base. This makes it easy to use
your Remington anywhere—on knees, in chairs, on trains. Don’t
delay... send in the coupon for complete details!

SEND COUPON WHILE LOW PRICES HOLD

r Remington Rand. Inc., Dept. 19S-3

1 205 E. 42d Street. New York. N. Y.

Please tell me how I can get a new Remington Noiseless Portable
     typewriter, plus FREE Typing Course and carrying case, for only
     10c a day. Also send me new illustrated catalogue.

----

| Address-------------- ——	...... .......—	—

City	■	■ ■ ■ ■■■--State	—

 THUMB-NAIL SKETCHES
 of DIME MYSTERY Authors

No. 1: ARTHUR J. BURKS

ARTHUR J. BURKS, who has con-
tributed his engrossing tales of
mystery and terror to this maga-
zine for many years, is marvelously well
equipped, through experience and back-
ground, to present the eerie and weird
aspects of life on this planet in their
proper setting. During his travels, which
have been extensive, he has encountered
individuals and witnessed scenes that he
admits in all frankness have him stumped
to account for logically. Ranging up and
down the West Indies he has seen sights
that beggar even his remarkable powers of
description—but it was these experiences,
in a large measure, that diverted him from
a military career into the field of writing.

  Although now only thirty-seven, Burks
saw eleven years’ service with the Marine
Corps; enlisting in 1917 and receiving his
Honorable Discharge in 1928. He ad-
vanced rapidly through the non-commis-
sioned grades from private to aide-de-
camp to General Smedley D. Butler. He
was stationed in Santo Domingo for two
and one-half years doing topographical
and intelligence work. He has visited
Haiti, Cuba, Panama, Nicaragua, Mexico,
Hawaii, Philippines, Formosa, China,
Manchuria, Korea and Japan.

  His wide knowledge of these places,
and his acquaintances throughout the
globe, have furnished him with rich re-
sources from which to draw the color and
atmosphere for his stories. Who, of those
who have read his tales set in the West
Indies, in China—or any of the other
multitudinous locales he has used—could
doubt the authenticity of the background,
or the sure authority of the writer? But
this is not so much due to the fact that
Burks actually visited those places, as to
his ability to take authentic raw materials
and inject into them that vivid, breathing
life without which no amount of actual
experience can enable a writer to carry
conviction over to his readers.

Burks’ background as a writer is as
rich and colorful as his experience of life.
He has written for a total of one hundred
and forty magazines. He has had pub-
(Continued on page 6)

4
STUDENT NOW
TEACHES AVIATION

"Your Course certainly
has been of great as-
sistance to me in teach-
ing the boys in my class
the fundamentals of
aeronautics." J. C.
I1ELBIG. JR.. Assist.
Edueati' nnl Adviser. Co.
1391. Camp NP-8-VA,
Itoselyn, Va.

MANY MAKE $40
$60. $75 A WEEK

 Let Me Show You How to Get
 Into This Fast Growing Industry

My up-to-date home study Course gives you the ground work you need
to get and keep a real job in this fascinating, fast-growing industry.
Many of my graduates, who didn’t know a thing about Aviation be-
fore they enrolled, are holding down fine jobs right now—in the air
and on the ground. Get the facts about my practical training and
what it has done for others. Mail coupon now.

I Teach You QUICKLY-at
Home in Your Spare Time

You don't need to give up your present job—don’t need
to leave home, to get your training in Aviation. I've
made it eaay for you. I’ve put my own eighteen years of
experience—five years of instructing in the Navy—all into
my thorough, quickly mastered home study Course.

No Previous Experience Needed

You don’t need a high school education—don’t have to
know anything about planes or engines to learn the
ground work of Aviation with my Course. Everything is
clearly explained—illustrated by hundreds of pictures,
drawings and charts—simple and easy to understand.

You Have Many Types of Jobs
to Choose From

You have over 40 different types of Jobs to choose from once you
have the necessary training. You get all the information you need
to pass the Government’s written examination for Mechanic’s or
Pilot’s Licenses, in a few short months. If you want to learn to
fly, I can probably save you more than the cost of my Course at
good airports all over the country.

Aviation is Growing Fast

Don't wait and let the other fellows get ahead of you. Think about
your own future. Get the FACTS. Mail the coupon cn the right
today—right now—while you're thinking about it. I’ll send you
my big new FREE Book—packed with interesting facts about your
Opportunities in Aviation. Do it NOW.

WAOTER HINTON, Pres.

Aviation Institute of America, Inc.
1115 Connecticut Avenue, Washington, D. C.

AIRPLANE

FLIGHT

INCLUDED

■‘Give her the
gun I" You’re off!
As soon as you
complete my course.
I arrange a flight
for you at an ac-
credited air field.
It doesn’t cost you
a penny. It is my
graduation present
to you.

    Walter Hinton:

       trail blazer, pioneer,
       explorer, author, in-
       structor, AVIATOR. I
       The first man to pilot
       a plane across the At-
       lantic, the famous NC-
       4. and the first to fly
       from North to South
       \merica. The man who |
       was a crack flying in-
       structor for the Navy
       during the War; who
       today is training far-
       sighted men for Avia-
       tion. Hinton is ready
       to train you at home
       in your spare time.
       Send for his Free Book
       -TODAY.

Walter Hinton, President	994-R

Aviation Institute of America, Inc.

1115 Connecticut Avenue, Washington, D. C.

Please send me a Free copy of your book, "Wings of
Opportunity.” I want to know more about my oppor-
tunities in Aviation, and your tested method of home
training. This request does not obligate me. (Print
clearly please.)

Name

Address............................. Age.

City................................ State..
NOW YOU SHOULD PREPARE for

ELECTRICITY

 I’ll Finance YourTraimng!

  Mai! coupon today for details of easy pay-
  ment plan and fanaeue Goywe 4,L«a*n toy
  Doing” method of practical shop training
  for quick buccoss in this biff-pay Seld. Asa
  or lack of money need not hold you baak ...
  Get training first; then take 18 monttoe to
  complete small monthly tuition payments
  starting; S Months after yoa begin training.

LEARN IN 12 WEEKS

  Coyne Training is practfeai, thorough. qaay
  to grasp.. .you learnqutekly by doing actual
  Jobs an real electrical machlnenr - MOT
  from books or printed lessons. You don t
  need experience or a lot of book learning.
  Expert instructors guide you every step of
  the war.

 TRAINED MEN NEEDED

Big things ahead in Electricity mean steady
jobs, good pay. and a real future in this fas-
.....Mre industry. Thom	'

 usands <

 sn TODA

£eorn

by

Doing,

______________l with hnadreda of photos

of the great Coyne Shops in Chicago, fwfcs
about Coyne Training. .. Proa Employment
Service...many earn whfle learning...new
course 4n Refrigeration. Air Conditioning
and Diesel Electricity, at NO EXTRA
COST and amazfng.Pay - Tuition - After-
Graduation Offer.

/^AVkl P ELECTRICAL SCHOOL

l/U I IX t H. C. LEWIS. Preaidert

500 S.PaalinaSLOept U-lk, Chfoago.i!!.

       H. C. LEWIS, President, Coyne Electrical School
       500 S. Paulina St., Dept. 30.76, Chicago, III.

Send me, without cost or obligation. your Bifc 1
details of Pay-Turtion-After-CraduatkMi Offer,

 our Bifc Free Book and

BE A TRAINED                                                    AT HOME  
AUTO-DIESEL EXPERT-                                                      
PREPARE NOW for rich newfieida of opportunity in this fast-     EARN BIG 
growiog industry. Diesel-Trainod Mon needed for trucks,          MONEY   
basses, tractors, farm power nnd lighting plants. Practical,       t     
Epare-timo training plan offers outck way to good jobs          SEND FOR 
at pooti pay, or a profitable auto repair business of your own. FREE     
BOOK!    
         
         
         
         
  When Poisons Clog

KIDNEYS

  and Irritate Biadder

JUST DO THIS

     Go to your druggist today and get this safe,
     swift and harmless diuretic and stimulant—ask
     for Gold Modal Haarlem Oil Capsules and start
     at once to flush kidneys of waste matter satu-
     rated with acids and poisons.

     That’s the way to bring about healthy kidney
     activity and stop that bladder irritation which
     often causes scanty passage with smarting and
     burning as well as restless nights.

     Remember, the kidneys often need flushing
     as well as the bowels, and some symptoms of
     kidney weakness are: Getting up once or twice

     during the night—puffy eyes—cramps in leg
backache and moist palms. But be sure and get
GOLD MEDAL Haarlem Oil Capsules—the

 original and genuine—right from Haarlem
 In Holland—the price is small (35 cents), the
 good results will fulfill your expectations. '

 •right from Haarlem

(Continued from page 4)

lished a number of books among which
are the well-known “Here Are My Peo-
ple”, “Rivers Into Wilderness”, “Land of
Checkerboard Families", and many others.
He was also co-author of “Yankee
Komisar”. He has likewise done a con-
siderable amount of screen and radio
work.

  Those who have read books dealing with
the West Indies are frequently skeptical
about the authenticity of the events de-
scribed therein. Burks stands as a witness
that most of it is true. He has seen voo-
doo rites, and taken part in ceremonials
during the course of which things have
happened that he cannot account for. But
he is insistent upon the fact of their actual
occurrence. A close and skeptical ob-
server, he is the least likely of mortals to
be fooled by trickery. One small incident
he relates gives a clue to the quality of
experience to be met with in those sultry
climes whose secrets no white man has
ever plumbed. It was while he was in
charge of a prison in Santo Domingo.
Under him was a native Haitian who held
the post because of his influence over the
prisoners of his own race. Both Burks
and the Haitian had been away, one after-
noon, in order to take charge of a ship-
ment of prisoners sent from one of the
small islands. When they returned they
found that a member of the local gendar-
merie had jailed a couple of Haitians—
and the Haitians had promptly dug them-
selves out of prison. Hearing of the inci-
dent, Burks’ native aide smiled quietly.
“Before dawn,” he said, “they will re-
turn 1” The aide did not know the escaped
prisoners; he heard of the incident only
at the same time that Burks heard of it—
and yet he made this strange prediction
with apparent confidence. The next morn-
ing the prisoners returned, offering no ex-
planation, but obviously almost patheti-
cally happy to be back in the gaol they had
fled!

  At present Arthur J. Burks is Presi-
dent of the American Fiction Guild, a
national organization of writers, painters,
and illustrators.
NEW7-P0WERALE YEAST

ADK5toI5LBS(W

 Richest imported ale yeast now concentrated 7 times
 with three special kinds of iron in pleasant tablets

iN AMAZING new “7 - power”
yeast discovery is putting
pounds of solid, normally attrac-
tive flesh on thousands of "skinny,”
run-down people who never could
seem to gain an ounce before.

 Doctors now know that the real
reason why great numbers of peo-
ple find it hard to gain weight is
that they don’t get enough Vita-
min B and iron in tneir daily
food. Now scientists have dis-
covered that the richest known
source of health-building Vitamin
B is ale yeast. By a new process
the finest imported cultured ale
yeast is now concentrated 7 times,
making it 7 times more powerful.
Then it is combined with 3 kinds
of iron in pleasant little tablets
called Ironized Yeast tablets.

  If you, too, are one of the many
who need these vital health-build-
ing elements, get these new “7-
power” Ironized Yeast tablets from
your druggist at once. Day after
day, as you take them, watch flat
chest develop and skinny limbs
round out to normal attractive-
ness. Indigestion and constipation
from the same source quickly van-

 ish, skin clears to natural beauty
 —you’re an entirely new person.

Results guaranteed

 No matter how skinny and run-
 down you may be, try this new
 “7-power” Ironized Yeast for just
 a few short weeks. If not delighted
 with the results of the very first
 package, money back instantly.

   Only don’t be deceived by the
 many cheaply prepared "Yeast
 and Iron” tablets sold in imita-
 tion of Ironized Yeast. These
 cheap counterfeits usually contain
 only the lowest grade of ordinary
 yeast and iron, and cannot pos-
 sibly give the same results. L.ook
 for “iY” stamped on each tablet.

Special FREE offer!

 To start you building up your
 health right away, we make this
 absolutely FREE offer. Purchase
 a package of Ironized Yeast tab-
 lets at once, cut out the seal on
 the box and mail it to us with a
 clipping of this paragraph. We
 will send you a fascinating new
 book on health, “New Pacts About
 Your Body.” Remember, results
 guaranteed with the very first
 package — or money refunded. At
 all druggists. Ironized Yeast Co.,
 Inc., Dept. 843. Atlanta, Ga.

Potnfd M
professional

TODAY

7
By Frederick C. Davis

(Author of “The Smiling Killer," etc.)

It was the rabid passion of a great cat that glared at her out of the stone-
cutter's eyes. But more than his evil lust—more, even, than his weird,
hypnotic power over her—Claire Forester feared the heavy, fabulously
strong hands that shaped cruel necklaces for the dying . .. .

SHE was afraid—but she did not know	dark, in the quiet, and in her own laughter

what it was she feared. It was	—yet it was nowhere. Strive as she might,

nothing, yet it was a dread that	she could find no reason for the terror

haunted her every waking hour. It was	she felt—but she was afraid,

everywhere—in the sunshine and in the	Claire Forester gazed at her cat. He

6
was sitting at her feet, bushy tail curled,
a magnificent grey Persian with luminous
yellow eyes. She had acquired him as a
tiny, blind kitten and he had been with
her ever since—a companion, a confidant,
a being she loved. Yet since they had come
to this house to live, he seemed changed.
The shining, inscrutable eyes of Marco

Polo were directed at her now—a gaze
that was somehow ominous.

  As she took him into her arms he an-
swered with a friendly purr, though he
seemed unwilling and discontented. “Do
you feel it, too, Marco?” she asked in
a whisper. “Is there something making
you uneasy? Would you like to go away?”

9
10

Dime My»tery Magazine

The cat’s amber eyes looked into hers
while he sang. “I think you know—”

  She told herself it was all nonsense.
Here she was, wearing an old sweater and
a tweed skirt, snug woolen stockings and
oxfords scuffed from long walks through
the Connecticut hills—a sensible, sane
young woman. She was twenty-two, self-
reliant, thoroughly and happily married.
Everything about herself, everything
around her, was so real. Of course!

  There was Jim, the man she loved, stal-
wart and handsome, puffing away at his
old calabash, working with square and
pen at his drawing-board. He was com-
puting specifications, skeining out lines
that would some day become the stone
and steel of an impressive building. Noth-
ing was worrying him. They didn’t have
much money, and it wasn’t easy to man-
age, and of course he was concerned about
that—but he wasn’t worrying about any-
thing else.

  And there was Bob Baird, Claire’s
younger brother, slumped in an easy chair
near the fireplace, absorbed in a magazine
—a fine chap, hard-headed and genuine.
He was a chemist in the laboratory of a
proprietary drug manufacturer and there-
fore a realist—more than that, a born de-
bunker who enjoyed exploding false be-
liefs. Certainly Bob felt none of this
weird fear that had seized Claire.

  But she could never free herself of it
for more than a few minutes, and in-
evitably it came back, trickling into her
quickening heart like chill water.

66TIM!” she said suddenly—and the

  ** anxiety ringing in her voice made the
cat cease purring. “Don’t you feel some-
thing strange about this house ? Don’t you,
Bob? Somehow don’t you sense that—
that something horrible is about to hap-
pen ?”

  Jim Forester looked up, pen poised,
eyes crinkling in a smile. “I’ll tell you
what’s going to happen. In about an hour

I’m going to quit work, have a night-cap,
go to bed and sleep the sleep of the in-
nocent. Maybe you’re too used to the
jangle of the city, sweet—the peace and
quiet here are giving you the jitters. You’ll
get used to it soon.”

  Bob Baird tossed his magazine aside.
“Something else is going to happen right
now. I’m going to take a walk. You
mustn't let this thing get you, Claire.
How about tramping back to the quarry
with me?—make you feel better.”

  Claire said earnestly: “I’m not just be-
ing silly. You know I’m not like that.
There is something here. . . Though the
dread persisted in her heart, she laughed.
“You run along, Bob, and Jim, you keep
right on working. If you won’t listen to
me, I’ll find someone else. I’ve an idea.
Maybe Hugo Cliffe can tell me what I’m
afraid of.”

  The cat seemed to sense her decision
before she made it—he bounded from her
lap landing soundlessly on padded paws.
He looked back with his wise, yellow eyes
and drifted toward the kitchen. Jim and
Bob watched Claire amusedly as she got
into her leather jacket and perky felt hat.
“See you later, gentlemen,” she tossed at
them, and went out.

  When she reached the tar road, at the
end of the dirt path, she paused to look
at the house curiously. It was a cheerful
old place with craggy, wooded hills piled
behind it. A peaceful retreat, miles from
Elmsford and more than two hours from
New York—Claire and Bob had inherited
it from their father and his brother. The
spreading suburbanizing influence of the
city had not yet reached it, and the main
lines of travel had left it untouched. Its
brooding tranquillity was a delight, yet
somehow the quiet was fraught with the
nameless terror which Claire Forester
could not elude.

  She could not forget that Barnett and
Gaylord Baird, her father and uncle, had
Necklace» for the Dying

11

died in that hous»—mysteriously, hor-
ribly. ...

  The dark, deserted road led her to
the ramshackle dwelling on the adjoining
property. Its windows streamed white
light. A granite monument sat near its
entrance, neatly engraved: Hugo Cliffe,
Craftsman in Stone. A bright shaft was
issuing from the open door of the shed
behind the house, and as Claire approached
it she heard the ringing tap-tap of a ham-
mer and chisel. Hugo Cliffe was at work.

  She had watched him wrestle, single-
handed, huge blocks of granite from the
quarry on her property, and had marvelled
at his strength. He was past sixty now,
and all his life he had worked in stone,
making doorsteps and gate-posts and
monuments, as his father had before him.
The hands of the Cliffes had marked the
graves of all the neighborhood’s dead dur-
ing decades past. Every time Claire
Forester passed Hugo Cliffe’s house she
heard the clanging of his busy chisel, for
he labored with incredible tirelessness,
day and night.

  As she approached the workshop, a
quick black movement on the ground
startled her. An animal darted into the
light and paused warily, turning gleaming
yellow eyes upon her—Marco Polo.

rpHE cat sped ahead, as though drawn
by some desire stronger than her
friendship for him, and vanished through
the door of the shed. Immediately the
rhythmic clicking ceased.

  Hugo Cliffe’s voice came—a soft,
throaty sound. Puzzled, the girl looked
into the shed. Its floor was a white pack-
ing of stone chips. Its walls were pow-
dered with white stone dust. Monuments
sat against the walls, their shining sur-
faces blank, waiting for Cliffe’s chisel to
inscribe names upon them—waiting for
the coming of death. The stone-worker

was sitting on his bench, his tools put
aside, fondling the cat.

  He was speaking in a peculiar, purring
tone, as though the animal could under-
stand him with human intelligence. The
cat was looking intently into Cliffe’s eyes,
answering him with a high-pitched mew-
ing. To the amazed girl they seemed to
be carrying on a conversation—the cat
and the man. She started when he looked
up suddenly and saw her in the light, for
she noted something, then, she had not
realized before—that Hugo Cliffe’s eyes
were like a cat’s.

 “Good evening 1 Come in, Mrs.
Forester!”

  His eyes—amber, with elongated pupils
—like a cat’s! They had the same inscru-
tible intensity as Marco Polo's—but the
girl scolded herself for being alarmed.
She knew the reason for the striking re-
semblance of Cliffe’s eyes to a feline’s—
twice he had undergone operations for
cataract, and each time a particle of iris
had been removed by the surgeon's knife.
This man, she told herself, was the con-
fidant of the countryside—her friend. She
went in with hand cordially extended.

  “I’m glad you’ve come,” he said—his
voice was still soft, but now it lacked the
strange purring quality. “I’ve taken three
blocks of stone from your quarry this
past week. I owe you for it. Here’s the
money. It is satisfactory to you—the ar-
rangement I made with your father before
he—died ?”

  With a smile Claire accepted the three
small banknotes which Cliffe fumbled out
of his dusty overalls. “Of course it is,”
she answered. “I want to talk with you
because I’m worried—I don’t know why.
Perhaps you’ll laugh at me, like Jim and
Bob for being afraid of something I can’t
put my finger on—but I am afraid. I dread
to close my eyes and sleep because. . . .”

  She broke off, a strange chill stirring
her heart, gazing at the cat. Marco Polo
12

Dime Mystery Meigazine

was rubbing himself against Cliffe’s an-
kles, purring ecstatically, writhing back
and forth—consumed with an almost ob-
scene pleasure. Claire sensed again the
strange, evil kinship that seemed to exist
between the animal and the man, and an
irrepressible shudder passed over her. She
watched the cat with a terrified fascina-
tion, almost unaware of Cliffe’s throaty
voice:

  “You are afraid. You told your hus-
band, ‘I felt it the moment I stepped
through the door.’ He doesn’t understand
—but I know your deepest feelings, I
know every thought that passes through
your mind. You were alone with him
when you told him that, but I know—
because we are one—one being—you and
I. . .

TTER widened eyes rose to the feline
eyes of Cliflfe. She stood stock-still,
chilled, overwhelmed by the intense power
of his gaze. The superhuman strength of
his muscles was puny compared with the
force she felt enwrapping her merely be-
cause he was looking at her. In his face
she saw desire—lust—a consuming hunger
that fixed itself inescapably upon her. She
could not take even one recoiling step
while his dusty, voracious hands rose.

   Suddenly she was fighting. His sinewy
arms were squeezing around her, his dusty
lips were striving for hers. His fingers
dug like talons, his close-pressed body
wove with a feline suppleness as a sound
of desire came from his throat—a rasping
purr. She felt the hopelessness of a
mouse trapped by deep-piercing claws as
she frantically struggled to escape. Breath-
lessly she tore back, cringing from the
glare of his consuming, amber eyes.

  “I thought—you were a friend—but
you’re a fiend—a fiend!”

   She ran. She flung herself from the
shop, past the monument marked with
Cliffe’s name, along the black and deserted

road. She fled from a dogging terror that
had suddenly materialized in an evil being
who was more of a cat than a man. If he
was following her, with swift feline agil-
ity, his footfalls were making no sound.
She stopped in a paralysis of exhaustion
at the entrance of her house, widened eyes
searching the gloom. At a sound her
breath came back, because it meant Hugo
Cliffe was not stalking her.

   It was the rhythmic tapping of a ham-
mer, the ringing of a chisel biting into
stone. . . .

CHAPTER TWO

The Chained Death

CHE stood there a long time, striving
to still the tumult of her heart.
Through the window she could see Jim
working absorbed at the drawing-board—
his nearness reassured her. She hesitated
to tell him what had happened, because
already it seemed like a ghastly dream,
because she knew Jim would laugh and
protest that old Hugo Cliffe was incapable
of such an act. Yet the stone-worker’s
evil intensity had filled Claire with a sense
of suffocation she could not fight down.
“He wants me. He means to take me.”
The horror of that certainty kept her
mind in turmoil as she listened to the me-
tallic tapping. Suddenly the ringing beat
paused. For long minutes there was
nothing but empty silence. Her fear ris-
ing, the girl waited for it to come back.
At last it returned, far away, echoing
strangely. Its direction had somehow
changed—it did not seem to be coming
from Hugo Cliffe’s workshop. It issued
faintly from many points at once, its
rhythm destroyed—and then, again, ab-
ruptly it ceased.

   Claire steadied herself as she opened
the entrance. Jim, continuing his work,
glanced up to ask: “Well? Feeling any
Necklaces for the Dying

13

better?” She smiled bitterly, because her
fear had increased a hundredfold, but she
fought the impulse to blurt out the story.
Neither Jim nor her brother would believe
her—she was quite sure of it. She asked,
as casually as she could:

  "Where’s Bob?”

  “Taking his walk.”

  Claire went to Jim quietly. “Do you
remember,” she asked, “what I said last
night, when we were getting ready for
bed—when we were talking about this
fear I feel?”

  Jim answered as his pen scratched: “ ‘I
felt it the moment I stepped through the
door’—those were your exact words.”
“Yes,” Claire repeated tensely: “Yes—
my exact words. We were alone when I
said that, Jim, werea't we—completely
alone?”

  “I hope we were,” Jim said with a smile.
“You were wearing very little, darling.”
“But Marco was there.”

 “Yes, Marco was—”

  “He heard it.”

  Claire’s face was white. Jim saw the
haunting fear in her eyes, and put down
his pen. He gently took her cold hands
in his—she tried to keep them from trem-
bling. He asked quietly: “What is it,
sweet? You’re not ill, your mind is per-
fectly clear, there’s absolutely nothing to
be afraid of. What could happen here?”
“I don’t know. I don’t know, Jim, but
something—something—”

  It broke suddenly in the hush—a hack-
ing, choking cry. An inarticulate call,
bursting out of the night—it brought
Claire Forester instantly to her feet. Foot-
falls were sounding outside, ragged, stum-
bling. The strangling voice shouted again,
this time high-pitched, torn with terror.
Abruptly there was a crash at the entrance.

  Bob Baird lurched in. He tottered
weakly, tearing at his throat with both
hands. He turned a face of horror toward
his sister—bluish, swollen, his eyes pro-

truding starkly, his tongue slavering out
over puffed lips. He dropped to his knees,
still clawing at his throat, forcing out dis-
torted syllables:

  “Take it off—take it off!”

/‘"'’LAIRE hurried to him as he rolled
to the floor, fighting desperately for
air that would not come, robbed of his
last strength. His fingernails had gouged
his neck—his skin was ripped and bleed-
ing. Claire seized his wrists, tried to
force his arms away, but she could not.
Jim crowded beside her as a sob broke
through her lips. He fought Bob’s hands
down. Then they saw it—the chain.

  The linked circle was banded deep into
Bob’s throat. Puffed flesh and gorged
blood-vessels almost concealed it. The
scant air whistling through the stricken
young man’s crushed windpipe was not
enough to support life. His face was dis-
torted with ghastly suffering—he was dy-
ing. All his desperate efforts had not
been enough to rid himself of the chok-
ing chain—and Jim Forester, frantically
seeking an open link, could find no means
of removing it.

  “The tools!” he urged Claire. “Bring
my cutters—anything! God, I can’t get
it off!”

  She ran into the room adjoining the
kitchen where Jim kept the tools he used
for odd jobs around the house. It was
stored with accumulated odds and ends.
This afternoon Claire had seen the saw,
hammer and pliers lying on the bench in
the corner. She groped for them in the
dark, too consumed with anxiety to think
of turning on the hanging light—but she
did not find them. Lips cold with anguish,
she grabbed at the bulb, turned the key,
reached into the glare. She stood frozen
with consternation because the tools were
not there.

  Horrible choking noises floated to her
as she looked around swiftly. She did
14

Dime Mystery Magazine

not see the cutters. She ran back along
the hall, scarcely aware of the sound of
the opening door, of a new voice speaking.
The man who had come in was Dr. Ellis
Hunt, who lived half a mile down the
road—she gave him only a quick, unsee-
ing glance as she gripped Jim’s shoulder.

  “I can’t find them, Jim!”

  “I left them on the bench—they must
be there! Good God—he’s choking to
death!”

  Jim sprang up, rushed back to the
store-room. Bob’s efforts to breathe had
become ghastly spasms. Dr. Hunt bent
over him, striving somehow to detach the
crushing circle of chain, but he could
not even bring it into his fingers because
that would tighten it around the choking
man’s neck. While clattering sounds came
from behind her—Jim frantically search-
ing—Claire stood stricken with helpless-
ness, gazing transfixed at her brother’s
blood-bloated face—watching him die.

  “Your car!” she blurted suddenly.
“Doctor—there are tools in your car.”

  She started through the open entrance
—but a hand flashed to her arm, gripped
hard, stopped her. She stared into Dr-
Hunt’s ruddy, loose-jowled face, trying
to tear away from him. The car was stand-
ing directly outside, its headlamps beam-
ing—but his grasp on Claire’s arm was
secure, his gaze forbidding.

  “There are no tools in my car,” he de-
clared gruffly. “Do you understand? Call
the State Police. I’ll keep trying. Hurry!”

  He thrust her toward the telephone. She
took it up, spoke automatically, looking
horrified at her brother. Dr. Hunt was
again bent over Bob, endeavoring now,
his fingers on a link of chain, to bend its
joint apart. It was too strong for him,
Claire realized that with growing despair
as she rushed her message over the wire.
She was replacing the phone when Jim’s
voice roared:

  “Agda! Agdat Where did you put my
tools?”

  The calm, mellow voice of the house-
keeper answered from the kitchen: “I
haven’t touched them, Mr. Forester.”

TIM’S steps sounded quickly. Metallic
** things clattered a mocking cacophony
as he hurled unwanted objects aside,
emptied drawers, thrust into cabinets.
Claire heard it all, like a din in a weird
dream, as she watched Dr. Hunt striving
to remove the chain—in vain. Suddenly
Jim appeared in the doorway, eyes glinting
with desperate urgency.

  “They’re gone. Somebody took them
away. Somebody stole them!”

  Dr. Hunt blurted in despair: “I can’t
get it off!”

  Claire saw a screwdriver in Jim’s
clenched hand. He snatched a bronze
paper weight off his drawing-board, fell
to his knees at Bob’s side. Bob’s convul-
sive attempts to breathe were ceasing.
Tremors passed through his body as Dr.
Hunt pulled at the linked circle. At a
ghastly, crunching sound, Claire shrank
back, covering her eyes—the noise made
by cartilage breaking in Bob’s tortured
throat. Then a quick, frantic hammering
—the paperweight striking the head of
the screwdriver—a rhythmic pounding
that drove Claire’s mind toward Hugo
Cliffe. Hugo Cliffe had chisels—sharp-
edged chisels—instruments that could free
Bob from the deadly collar far faster than
the blunt point of the screwdriver. The
hope drove Claire toward the door—a
hope stronger than her fear of the man
who owned the implements. She was
hurrying past Dr. Hunt’s car filled only
with the thought of saving her brother
from suffocation, when she heard Jim’s
voice ring:

  “It’s loose!”

  She turned back. Through the entrance
she watched, wide-eyed, Jim pulling the
encarnadined links from the swollen folds
Necklaces for the Dying

15

of Bob’s neck. Jim threw the chain aside,
stooping to press his ear to Bob’s still
chest. Stung by surging grief, Claire
studied Jim’s blanched face, his pinched
lips, as he rose. He looked at her with
silent compassion—but the eloquence of
his silence told her that Bob’s heart was
no longer beating.

  Dr. Hunt rolled Claire’s brother face
down, straddled over him. Spread hands
pressed to Bob’s ribs, he leaned forward,
then back. With an even, regular beat, he
forced air in and out of the lungs that
death had stilled. Coldly fascinated, still
wordless, Claire went into Jim’s arms.
A sound parted them—the whine of a
car speeding along the road.

  It swerved sharply from the pavement
into the dirt drive. When it bucked to a
stop near the entrance, two blue-uni-
formed men ducked out. They were State
Troopers from the barracks in Elmsford,
only a few miles away—Claire’s call had

brought them at top speed. They hurried
into the house carrying a resuscitator.
Claire kept watching, her cold hand in
Jim’s, the efforts of these men to restore
a life that had been horribly snuffed out.

  The carried Bob into the bedroom on
the ground floor. Claire did not follow—
she remained in the living-room, listening
to the wheeze of the machine as it pumped.
Valves clicked and air hissed—it went
on and on, mechanically, unendtirably.

*"PHE beating sound continued a long
time, each click of its valves under-
mining the girl’s hope that it would re-
store her brother to life. Her mind was
a kaleidoscope of terrifying images while
she listened. Bob’s swollen face as he burst
in the door—the eyes of the cat—the
grimly set features of Dr. Hunt as he
said: “There are no tools in my car.”
Claire thought that strange. No tools in
an automobile? It seemed incredible—

40 SMOOTHER SI

jSHXVtHO

MOST LATHERS are

of bubbles too big tc

the base of the beat
pockets keep the so
from teaching the
ecs. So the beard
^//-wilted.

FREE!

to introduce You *°
COLGATE RAPlD-SHAVt CREMA

tear OUT
this ad NOW?

Offer for a limited time only!

 NAM

 ABPWEsq
16

Dime Mystery Magazine

 when a few seconds might have made the
 difference between Bob’s life and death.

   She went out toward the car, wonder-
 ing, her haunting fear urging her to make
 sure of every possible reality. The four
 men were working feverishly in the bed-
 room—she was certain she was not being
 watched. Carefully, without making a
 sound, she shifted the seat cushion of Dr.
 Hunt’s coupe. In the glow of the dash
 she saw the glitter of tools.

   Jim’s tools! She recognized them at
 once. His claw hammer, with his initials
 branded in the handle. His cold chisel.
 His strong-jawed cutting pliers—she
 recognized a nick she had herself made
 in the steel edges. She did not touch
 them. She gazed at them in stunned won-
 derment, remembering that Dr. Hunt
 had said :“There are no tools in my car.”
 But there were tools in his car—Jim’s
 own.

   She replaced the cushion. When she
 turned back to the entrance, she knew what
 she was going to do. She would say
 nothing of this to anyone until she had
 told Jim. She was sure of herself, but
 she wanted Jim’s clear-headed counsel.

! As she stepped into the living-room, she
 saw Jim turning away from the bed on
 which Bob lay.

   The pulmotor was not operating now.
 One of the State Troopers was restoring
 it to its case. Dr. Hunt was spreading a
 blanket over Bob. And Jim’s pallid face
 told Claire that her brother was dead be-
 yond recall.

   A uniformed man was standing at the
 table, holding the red length of chain be-
 tween a thick thumb and a stubby fore-
 finger. Claire knew his name—Lieutenant
 Korbert. He was squat, bull-necked, taci-
 turn. His black eyes smouldered with
 hidden thoughts. Instinctively she mis-
 trusted him. As she gazed at him, in-
 specting the bloody links that had choked

Bob’s life away, he became a part of the
dread that haunted her.

  He lived alone in a cabin, far back in
the hills—Claire had seen it, hidden in a
hollow, almost a secret retreat. In the
State Police car, he came and went over
a lonely back road no one else used, and
when on duty he patrolled the main high-
way with a dogged regularity. She had
come upon him in odd places, standing
silent, watching something—he seemed to
be everywhere so that, whenever she wan-
dered into the hills, she went with an ex-
pectant dread that she would come upon
him, standing silent at some mysterious,
self-appointed post.

  She watched him intently as he lowered
the chain to the table and turned hia
smouldering gaze upon her.

  “That’s the way the others went,” he
said in his peculiar, chesty tone. “First
your father, then your uncle. Choked to
death—like him—with a chain around the
neck.”

CHAPTER THREE

The Graven Decree

CHE tried to piece it all together as she
sat in the living-room with Jim, a
closed door shrouding her brother’s body
in silence. An investigation would be held,
Lieut. Korbert had told her. Dr. Hunt
had gone, with the two State Troopers.
Claire and Jim were alone, silent and
stunned.

  “First your father, then your uncle.”

  Claire had been honeymooning with Jim
in England when the news of the death
of Barnett Baird had reached her. She
had not heard the strange details until
after her return—how he had been found
in the garden, a swollen-faced corpse,
strangled with a circle of chain. Only
one conclusion was possible—murder. The
investigation had brought no suspect to
Necklaces for the Dying

17

light, had not even revealed a motive.
Yet, months later, Barnett Baird’s brother
Gaylord had met the same doom.

  Gaylord had inherited the house upon
the death of Gaire’s father, and had come
here to live—a quiet, scholarly gentleman
of the old school, alive with a searching
curiosity. Gaire and Jim, living then in
a small apartment in the Greenwich Vil-
lage section of New York Gty had fre-
quently paid him weekend visits. They
had arrived one Saturday to find Lieut.
Korbert in charge and Gaylord Baird
dead—dead with a linked band around
his neck. And again the investigation
of the police had yielded not the slightest
clue.

  “Jim—I found your tools in Dr. Hunt’s
car.”

  Gaire said it abruptly. Jim jerked up,
alarmed, yet incredulous. They were silent
a moment, striving to grasp the full dread
meaning of those few words, until Gaire
repeated them:

  “I found your tools in Dr. Hunt’s car.”
  “You must be mistaken.”

  “You said yourself somebody took them
away—somebody stole them. I believe
that. It was done so we would have no
means of getting the chain off Bob’s neck.
The man who did that to him wanted to
be sure it would kill him. I saw the tools
—under the cushion—in Dr. Hunt’s car.”
“You might easily be wrong about their
being mine, Gaire,” Jim said slowly. “You
were upset, naturally—and tools can look
a great deal alike. They couldn’t have
been mine—the ones you saw. What rea-
son could Dr. Hunt have for—”

  “But he said he had no tools. He kept
me from going to the car when I men-
tioned it. The cutters were there. They
might have saved Bob’s life. But he told
me—I remember it distinctly—‘There are
no tools in my car’.”

  She was silent another moment under
Jim’s searching gaze. She stirred un-

easily as she felt a presence in the room
—an uncanny warning that someone, or
some thing, was gazing at her. Alarmed,
she looked around. In the shadow in the
corner she saw two yellow eyes. The cat
was there, watching her—listening.

  She blurted: “Don’t talk now, Jim. We
mustn’t say anything while he’s here. He’ll
—tell—Hugo Giffe 1”

  “Gaire!”

  The consternation ringing in Jim’s voice
startled her. She saw a strange, question-
ing light in his eyes. His gaze turned to
the grey cat sitting in the shadow—almost
invisible save for its shining eyes—then
he rose. He sat on the arm of her chair,,
slipping his arm reassuringly around her.

  “Gaire, darling, you’re over-wrought.
You’re saying things you don’t mean. In
the morning, when you’ve had a chance
to rest, we’ll start from the beginning
and—”

  “Someone’s coming.”

A CAR was grinding into the drive. Jim’s
arm tightened around Claire before
he went to the door. “Keep hold of your-
self, sweet—this isn’t like you at all.”
Headlamp shafts swept across him as he
opened the entrance. Brakes squeaked,
and two men trudged to the door. One
was a serious-faced young man wearing
a dark topcoat over a white interne’s uni-
form. The other was Dr. Hunt.

  “Sorry to disturb you—a damned awk-
ward thing,” the shaggy-headed physician
rumbled. “I’ve lost a tubule of radium. I
was using it on Mrs. Chedwick—cancer
patient, you know—and taking it back to
the hospital tonight. Found out when I
arrived I didn’t have it. It’s valuable, and
needed at the hospital. Do you mind if
I look for it here ?”

  Gaire asked uneasily: “What makes
you believe you lost it here, doctor?”
Hunt came in, followed by the interne.
18

Dime Mystery Magazine

The young man was carrying a sealed
glass flask, containing two fluttering bright
leaves supported by a wire hook attached
to a cork. He held it tenderly as Dr.
Hunt explained:

  “It must have dropped out of this little
lead box—the catch is loose.” He opened
his case and removed a flat container, not
more than two inches across, of dull, grey-
ish lustre. Raising its hinged lid to dis-
closed a pad of cotton marked by an empty
depression, he added: “It might have
lodged in the coils of my stethoscope and
dropped to the floor. It’s very small, but
worth thousands of dollars. If you don’t
mind—”

  Jim answered quietly: “Not at all.”

  Claire Forester watched, with fascinated
bewilderment, this friendly old man in
whose car she had found Jim’s missing
tools. He had paid them many neighborly
calls—his presence at the time Bob was
choking to death could easily be explained
in that way—yet Claire could not forget
the tools. While she watched, she won-
dered if Dr. Hunt’s explanation was a
blind to cover some secret purpose that
had driven him to return.

  The interne drew a shining rod from
his pocket, and briskly polished it. He
brought the rod near a brass ball affixed to
the cork of the flask. The two drooping
aluminum leaves suspended on the hook
inside immediately flew apart. He held
the flask close to the floor and began to
move it about, watching it anxiously.

  Dr. Hunt rumbled: “Like charges re-
pel. It’s an electroscope. If it is brought
near radium when charged, the radium
emanations cause the leaves to collapse.
In that way we can locate the tubule. If
it isn’t here I’ll have to take it along every
inch of the way to the hospital. We’ve
already gone all over my car with it—it
isn’t there.”

  “But—” Claire almost said it aloud—
“the tools are. . . . Jim’s stolen tools. . .

  The interne made a circuit of the room
while the leaves of the electroscope re-
mained spread like the wings of a sliver
bird in flight. “Thousands of dollars.” Dr.
Hunt mumbled. “I’ll have to make it good
if I don’t find it—” A hush filled the room
as the search continued, with Claire’s alert
gaze never leaving the ruddy face of the
doctor. In the corner, near the old desk
her father had used, the interne straight-
ened.

  “Not anywhere in here,” he said.
“Looks like—Hello! It’s discharging!”
Slowly the silver leaves drooped until
they hung limp. Dr. Hunt strode into
the corner jubilantly. Taking the electro-
scope into his hands, he urged: “Charge
it again!” While the interne briskly rubbed
the rod, generating static electricity, Jim
frowned curiously. “In the desk?” he
asked. “That couldn’t be. It hasn’t been
open tonight.”

  At the touch of the rod to the brass
ball, the silver leaves again flew apart.
“Rolled under it, perhaps,” Dr. Hunt said
as he stooped—but, while he moved the
flask about near the floor, the strips of
aluminum foil registered no discharge.
Looking puzzled, the doctor rose. Then,
again, the leaves began to droop. He
moved the instrument closer to the glass
door of the old secretary, and abruptly a
complete discharge registered.

  “You didn’t find the tubule,” he asked
quickly, “and put it in the desk?”

  “Not I,” Jim Forester answered. “Did
you, Claire?”

  “No.”

  Dr. Hunt mumbled: “Strange. Some-
thing inside there, perhaps in that little
chest, caused the electroscope to discharge.
This is very important to me, you know—
the amount of money involved. Do you
mind making absolutely sure?”

  Claire observed: “That old chest was
my father’s, doctor. It’s locked, and we
haven’t found the key.”
Necklaces for the Dying

19

  “Then I don’t understand,” the physi-
cian exclaimed. “I don’t!”

JIM opened the glass door, removed the
little chest. It was heavy, and as he
moved it something rattled inside. Age
had seasoned its wood, blackened the cop-
per strips which bound it. Claire knew
its lid was firmly fastened, but Jim tried
it to make sure. Then, once more, the
interne charged the electroscope—and
once more, immediately it was brought
near the chest, the leaves quickly and com-
pletely collapsed.

  Jim said decisively: “I’ll break it open.”
He pried a letter-opener into the crack.
The old wood groaned. Suddenly the
metal catch snapped. Claire came close
as Jim raised the lid. The chest con-
tained leather-bound books, closely packed
in, which gave off a rich, musty smell—
diaries, according to the golden word
stamped on their covers—but at one side
lay two velvet-black objects, irregular as
stones, gleaming with a pitch-like lustre.

  Dr. Hunt curiously took up one of the
fragments. The interne observed: “What-
ever it is, it’s radioactive.” They made a
test, while Claire and Jim watched, putting
the charged electroscope on the table, then
bringing the black stone near it. Again
the discharge of the leaves was prompt
and complete. Dr. Hunt, frowning, asked:
“Curious—may I take this with me ?”
“Certainly.”

  “Thanks—thanks. But this isn’t find-
ing my tubule of radium. I’m sorry it’s
necessary, but do you mind if—” His blue-
veined hand gestured toward the door be-
hind which Bob Baird lay dead.

  Jim’s nod gave permission. As Hunt
and the interne stepped into the hushed
room, Claire again became conscious of a
steady scrutiny. She turned, her heart
speeding, searching for the yellow eyes—
and she saw them, gleaming in the dark

comer. The cat was there, his implacable
gaze radiant with a subtle, evil wisdom—
silent, watching, listening.

  He moved, a gliding black shadow,
toward the entrance. At the door he
mewed. Claire’s breath caught as a reali-
zation chilled her. “Jim!” she said in a
whisper. "Cat’s do talk—we both know
that. Do you understand what Marco
is saying now? He wants to go out. He’s
saying, ‘Please open the door’. Do you hear
him, Jim?”

  Jim’s hand took Claire’s. “Darling—”
“I’m not going to let him out. He’s
been listening—listening to everything
we’ve said. He’ll go straight to Hugo
Cliffe—and they’ll talk together—and
Hugo Cliffe will know everything that’s
happened here. I’m not going to let him
99

go*

  While she spoke she gazed intently at
the grey cat, and the cat emitted a plead-
ing mew that said: “Please open the door
—open the door.”

  She turned on Jim suddenly. “How else
can you explain it ? I said it while we were
alone upstairs—‘I felt it the moment I
stepped through the door’. No one could
possibly have heard it outside our room.
We were alone, just you and I, Jim—and
Marco. Tonight Hugo Cliffe repeated my
very words—‘I felt it the moment I
stepped through the door’.”

  “That’s impossible, Claire.”

  “But listen to Marco now, Jim! He’s
talking. Can’t you understand him ? I can
—clearly. And Hugo Cliffe can under-
stand him completely—because he isn’t
a man. . . . Not a man, but a human cat
—more of a cat than a human being!”
Jim was staring at her, with a startled,
bewildered light in his eyes she had never
seen before. He doubted her—she realized
it with a hopeless pang. No one would
believe her about Hugo Cliffe. She stood
mute with despair. During a moment of
hush she heard soft footfalls in the room
20

Dime Mystery Magazine

were Bob lay dead. She turned when the
door quietly opened.

  Dr. Hunt came out, holding a small
metal tube in his fingers. “Fortunate,”
he said. “Very fortunate.” Placing the
tiny object in the leaden case he added:
“It was lying in the fringe of a rug. Might
never have found it without the electro-
scope.” He closed his case with a click
of finality. “Thanks very much for being
so considerate. Good night.”

  Jim murmured: “Not at all.”

  Dr. Hunt opened the entrance quickly.
Claire was looking at the cat. “Marco!”
she called suddenly, sharply. The cat
writhed out—a swift flowing, grey move-
ment. “Marco!” Claire thrust the door
wide while Hunt and the interne stared.
Her heart quickened coldly as she stood
outside, unable to see the cat in the dark-
ness, but sensing its movements through
a faint, furtive rustle. It was slinking
somewhere in the gloom, gliding even
then toward the shop of Hugo Cliffe.

  Dread held her motionless as Dr. Hunt
went to the waiting car. “Good night, Mrs.
Forester.”

  When the starter snarled, and the coupe
began jouncing along the drive, she
turned back and went indoors. Jim was
looking curiously into the old chest packed
with diaries. He took her arms, forced a
reassuring smile.

  “Chin up, Claire.”

  She said in a tight whisper: “Marco is
going back—taking a message—to Hugo
Cliffe.”

JIM’S head wagged. “Look here. You’re
not yourself, darling. Won’t you try
to rest? I’ll stay down here, in case the
police come back tonight, and—”

   “I can’t rest. I’m going to follow Marco.
I’ve got to make sure, somehow. If I don’t,
I’ll go mad. Come with me, Jim.”

  He protested gravely: “We can’t leave
Bob alone.”

  “I’m going,” she insisted. “Even if I
have to go alone. Jim, can’t you under-
stand? Please come with me!”

  His hands tightened on her shoulders.
“Listen to me, Claire. You can’t let this
get you. Tonight you’re so upset you don’t
know what you’re thinking or doing. To-
morrow it will all seem different—easier.
You’re going to bed.”

  His tone was sternly paternal. He was
scolding her like a frightened child. He
didn’t — couldn’t — wouldn't understand.
Hopelessness flooded into her mind again,
but her determination to learn the truth
did not waver. She answered guilefully:

  “All right, Jim. I’ll try to get some
sleep.”

  She went wearily into the hall. As she
climbed the stairs, she heard Jim moving
agitatedly about the living-room. She
waited at the top of the flight until he
quieted. She went down, step by step,
making no sound. Through the doorway
she saw Jim slouched in a chair, staring
into space. He did not notice her. She
slowly followed the wall into the dark
kitchen. Silently she sidled out the back
entrance.

  Far across the stone wall the lights of
Hugo Cliffe’s workshop were gleaming.
She stood listening for a faint rustle that
might betray the presence of the cat lurk-
ing in the dark. She heard a different
sound—a rhythmic clinking that chilled
her. It was metal striking metal, with
slow, even blows, somewhere in the open
night. It was not the wind carrying the
beat from Hugo Cliffe’s shop. It was
coming from somewhere near the road.

  The sound made Claire’s blood icy be-
cause it turned her tormented mind to Bob
—Bob, dying in horrible pain, a chain
choking the life from him. Somehow he
had been held helpless while someone
clamped the steel collar around his neck.
Someone had banded it deep into his
throat, hooking an open link, then pound-
Necklaces for the Dying

21

ing the joint firmly together. Claire had
heard a faint tap-tapping echoing in the
night at the very moment the chained
doom was trapping Bob. And now she
was hearing it again, issuing from the
depths of the darkness.

  Clink-clink! Clink-clink!

  A magnetic horror led her past the
front of the house, seeking the source of
the sound, while it continued to echo
through the gloom. When she neared the
road a light appeared, gleaming behind
thick bushes flanking the pavement. Clink-
clink—clink-clink—it was coming out of
the glow. Apprehensively, Claire groped to
the wall and pulled herself over. She
ventured across a grassy field toward the
light and the ringing rhythm.

  She crouched behind another wall that
paralleled the road, peering through the
bushes. A car had stopped at the edge of
the pavement. The light was beaming
from its headlamps. At its side a husky,
dark figure was kneeling, shoulders
hunched. The shadow man was intently
at work, weilding a hammer. He paused
at his task and straightened. Claire saw
his face, and what he was doing.

  It was Lieut. Korbert. He was chang-
ing the rear tire of his police car. He was
holding a wrench in one hand, hammering
it to release a frozen bolt. Unaware of
Claire’s scrutiny, he went on working. A
rasping, nerve-chilling screech sounded as
the bolt twisted in its rusty socket. Claire
suppressed a broken laugh of relief—yet
she could not shake her dread of the man
working there in the gloom.

  She crept away from the wall. Follow-
ing a narrow foot-path across the field, she
gazed searchingly at the bright light shin-
ing from the workshop of Hugo Cliffe.

fpHE girl approached slowly. The door
of the shed hung crookedly on a broken
hinge, and through the crack a fan of
light spread. She dared step into it, so

that she could look into the shop. She
saw Cliffe, squatting on his bench, in
front of a tombstone with polished face.
His chisel, ringing under the regular blows
of his hammer, was etching characters on
the shiny surface. And at his feet was
the cat.

  The grey cat was writhing back and
forth against Hugo Cliffe’s ankles, purr-
ing voluptuously, mewing plaintively, ob-
sessed with a drunken hunger that ex-
pressed itself in flowing, silken move-
ments. Cliffe grinned evilly as the cat’s
lithe body rubbed him. He looked down,
spoke in a feline tone, placed his tools
aside. He brought the cat into his dusty,
strong hands—and the girl heard them
talk.

  The cat’s high-pitched voice quavered,
the man answered with crooning, throaty
words. The girl listened to an unholy
communion between them. “You are a
friend—a true friend,” Cliffe purred.
“Now I know—where it is hidden—be-
cause you came to tell me. Go back now
—watch and listen—let them have no
secrets. No secrets. . . .”

  Cliffe carried the cat gently to the par-
tially opened door, placed it on the white,
chip-packed floor and turned back to his
work. The weaving of the cat’s tail, his
pleading mewing, said that he did not
wish to go. Reluctantly he turned, glid-
ing off into the gloom. From the bright
interior of the shop, the clinking of metal
on metal, of metal on stone, came again.
Claire Forester was turning away with a
shudder when she glimpsed the characters
etched into the shining surface.

  They brought her closer with a hypnotic
lure. She almost ceased to breathe as she
yielded to a spell of terror that drew her
closer, step by step. There were two tomb-
stones standing near Hugo Cliffe’s bench
—he had been at work on both of them.
The inscriptions were incomplete, yet the
words were starkly legible—words that
22

Dime Mystery Magazine

put a paralyzing frigidity iato the girl’s
heart.

  On the monument standing nearest the
door she saw the aame of her husband:

 JAMES GREGORY FORESTER
     Born January 10, 1907
     Died

  And on the other—the stone oh which
Hugo Cliffe’s chisel was working while
she watched—her own name!

  CLAIRE BAIRD FORESTER
       Born June 2, 1913
       Died

  Markers for graves—prepared for the
day of death—with ®nly the date of a
promised doom waiting to be enscribed by
the tools of Hugo Cliffe!

A CHOKING cry of terror broke from
Claire Forester’s numb lips. Her hand
pressed to her mouth to stifle it—but
Hugo Cliffe looked up. His feline eyes,
gleaming yellow around their elongated
pupils, fastened upon her with their hor-
rible, paralyzing power. His tools dropped
with a clatter. He started toward the
door, hands raising to seize the girl. She
tore herself desperately away from the
hypnotic stare threatening to engulf her—
wrenched away into the darkness—and
ran.

  Flying along the road, frozen by the
dread that Hugo Cliffe was stalking her
on swift feline feet, she was unaware of
the police car until she was almost upon it.
Sight of Lieut. Korbert struck her a new,
fearful blow. He was standing in the
glow of the headlamps, motionless, silent,
his smouldering gaze squarely upon her.
She felt, as she fled past him, that her
feet were dragging through loose sand.
When she flung herself against the en-
trance of her home she was weak with
overwhelming fear.

  Jim jerked up from his chair. She
threw herself into his arms. She clung
to him as the only salvation she knew
in a world of inescapable horrors.

  Through her sobs she heard his star-
tled questions: “Where have you been ?
How did you get out ? What’s happened ?”
but she could not answer. She steadied
herself with an effort, her hands closed
tightly on his arms, steadfastly meeting
his intent gaze.

  “You’ve got to come with me.”
  “Where, Claire?”

  “Back to Hugo Cliffe’s shop. You’ve
got to come. You’ve got to see it with
your own eyes. You’ll believe me then.”
“What did you see ?”

  “Tombstones—two of them. One with
your name on it, Jim, the other for me.
Ready to be put on our graves—every-
thing there—except the date of death.”
Her voice rose frantically. “It’s true, Jim!
I saw them!"

  Jim said tightly: “Keep hold of your-
self. Claire.”

  He snatched up his hat, jerked open
the front door. His hand closed firmly on
Claire’s arm as they went out. While
they followed the dirt driveway, a motor
sang along the road. Claire saw the car
when they reached the pavement, its tail-
light a vanishing red beacon. She knew it
was Lieut. Korbert—but she was thinking
now only of the two gravestones she had
seen—ponderous promises of a waiting
death. She kept close at Jim’s side as
they rapidly approached the shop of Hugo
Cliffe.

  She paused to whisper: “Do you hear
it, Jim?”

  The rhythmic tap-tapping of metal on
stone—it was beating out of the stone-
worker’s shed. Beyond the broken door,
in the bright glare, he was busily at work.
Claire saw him through the crack as she
clung to Jim’s arm—hunching at his bench,
tapping his chisel with his hammer while
Necklaces for the Dying

23

stone-dust sifted through the air. There
were the two headstones, as she had seen
them, but now. . . .

  Jim stopped as he pulled the loose door
wide. Hugo Cliffe looked up with a smile
and said affably: “Why, good evening.”
Qaire went in with Jim, slowly. Be-
wildered, appalled, she gazed at the two
tombstones. One of them, the nearest, on
which she had seen her own name en-
graved, was—blank! And the other—it
bore a n^me that struck grief into her
heart, but it was not the name she had
seen:

  ROBERT BARNETT BAIRD
     Born May 25, 1904
     Died October 13, 1935

  Hugo Cliffe said gravely: “I hope you
will accept it as a token of esteem from
an old neighbor. I made the headstones
for your father and your uncle, Mrs.
Forester. Will he be buried in the ceme-
tery beside them? I thought he would—
it is a large plot—large enough for all
the family.”

  Claire shuddered as she asked: “Where
are the others? What did you do with
the other two stones?”

  Cliffe echoed gently: “The others?”
Jim was looking at her searchingly.
She turned to him tensely, her gaze im-
ploring him to believe her. “These aren’t
the two stones I saw. He changed them.
He’s terribly strong—he could do it with-
out help. He put the first two away, then
put these others in their place. Look for
them, Jim—please look for them!”

  Her husband asked Cliffe stiffly: “You
didn’t waste any time going about it, did
you—carving a stone for Bob ?”

  “I started it as soon as I heard,” Cliffe
answered. “I always do. It’s the same as
the stones I made for his father and his
uncle.”

  “How did you hear?”

  “Doctor Hunt dropped in.”

  “Who is the other stone for?”

  “Mrs. Chedwick—Doctor Hunt’s can-
cer patient. She died tonight.”

  Claire stepped trembling toward the
cat-eyed stone-worker. “You did change
them. Two tombstones—one with Jim’s
name, the other with mine—they were
standing where these are now. What did
you do with them? Where did you put
them ?”

  Cliffe said: “I don’t know what you
mean, Mrs. Forester.”

  She turned again imperatively to Jim.
“He won’t tell the truth. They must be
somewhere in this shop. Those—against
the wall. Turned face in—do you under-
stand, Jim ? Please look—please find them
—or I’ll go mad!”

JIM walked toward the row of stones
sitting against the dusty shop wall. The
faces turned toward him were shiny, un-
marked. Their rear surfaces were placed
within an inch of the dusty boards. Jim
gripped the upper edge of one of them,
tried to pull it away. The weight of the
massive block was too much for him—his
muscles were supple and tempered by daily
sessions of tennis, but he could not move
the block. He went from one to another,
trying each, but in every case his attempt
to see the rear surface of the slab was
baffled by its ponderous mass.

  Claire was gazing accusingly at Hugo
Qiffe. “Why don’t you help him?” she
asked huskily. “You’re strong. You can
move them alone. I’ve seen you do it in
the quarry. Why don’t you move them,
Hugo Cliffe?”

  Qiffe did not stir. He repeated: “I don’t
know what you mean, Mrs. Forester.”

  Jim Forester turned away from the row
of stones. He frowned at the marker
bearing Bob Baird’s name, then looked
at Claire—and she saw doubt lingering in
his eyes. He said quietly: “We’d better
go back, Qaire.” She shook her head in
24

Dime Mystery Magazine

protest, but he went to the door. As he
was pushing it open, he stooped and
picked a bit of cardboard from the stony
floor—a small carton, crushed. He smiled
wryly, slipped it into his pocket, and said
firmly:

  “Come on, darling.”

  Utter bewilderment filled Claire. She
went to Jim, not because she had aban-
doned her certainty of what she had seen,
but because the evilly powerful eyes of
Hugo Cliffe were hungrily upon her. She
slipped her arm anxiously through Jim’s
as they walked toward the road. Moving
slowly through the darkness, they heard
again the ringing tap-tap of Hugo Cliffe’s
chisel trimming Bob’s name in the grave-
stone.

  They did not speak until they were in
the house. As they stood gazing at each
other silently, the uncanny sensation of
being watched returned to Claire. Look-
ing around apprehensively, she saw the
yellow eyes—the eyes of the grey cat,
watching her from the shadow in the
corner. She turned quickly, picked him up.
She opened the door, tossed him into the
darkness. He landed silently on his
padded paws, turned his amber gaze upon
her, mewed a protest.

  “Go back!” she told the cat. “Go back
and tell him I’m sure of what I saw. Tell
him I'm going to make everyone believe
it—everyone—because it’s true.”

  The ring of her voice sent the cat
slinking off into the gloom. Closing the
door, turning, she saw the old chest sit-
ting on the leaf of the secretary. She re-
membered Hugo Cliffe talking with the
cat, and felt suddenly that the chest was
important: “Now I know—where it is
hidden—because you came to tell me.” She
went quickly to Jim, searching his tired
eyes.

  “We’ve got to go away, Jim. We’ve
got to leave this house and never come
back.”

  “We can’t go, Claire—you know that.”
“Anywhere—but we can’t stay, Jim.
We can’t! The horrible things that have
happened—they’ll come again. I know
they’ll come again because I saw our
names on the tombstones Hugo Cliffe was
cutting. It drives me out of my mind
when I think of it, Jim—finding you as
we found Bob tonight—with a headstone
waiting, all ready except the date of—”
“Claire!” Jim spoke in a low tone,
firmly. “You’ve been right from the begin-
ning. There’s something terrible at work
—something that killed your father and
your brother and your uncle—something
hovering over this house. But we can’t
go—not only because we haven’t any
money—but because we can’t admit we’re
licked. We’ve got to fight it, Claire—stay
and fight it.”

  “Yes,” she whispered. “Fight it. . . .”
She turned to the desk, and took up the
seasoned chest laden with old diaries.
She carried it under her arm as she went
up the stairs. The sound of a closing
door came down the flight—then there was
silence. Claire Forester’s husband sat
alone in the library, silent and motionless,
keeping a vigil over the dead.

CHAPTER FOUR

Doom Knocks

T>RIGHT sun streamed through crystal-
clear air when Claire Forester turned
her car off the highway late in the after-
noon of the next day. She left it in the
driveway and went into the house carry-
ing a heavy package. In the store-room
near the kitchen she unwrapped the bun-
dle. She left her purchases on the table
in the corner—a pair of strong-jawed
cutters, two smaller pairs of pliers, a ham-
mer and a keen-edged cold chisel.

  Before she turned away she made sure
of the position of each tool so that she
Necklaces for the Dying

25

might, if necessary, find them at once in
the dark. She stepped into the kitchen.
Agda, the housekeeper, was making prep-
arations for the evening meal. She was a
plump woman, her grey hair drawn tightly
back in a knot, her eyes a mild blue. Claire
asked her quietly:

  “Where is Mr. Forester, Agda?”
“Sleeping, Mrs. Forester. He asked to
be wakened for dinner.”

  Claire looked at Agda Cliffe intently.
This woman was the sister of the stone-
worker. She shared Hugo Cliffe’s trait
of tireless industry. She was busy in the
kitchen at dawn: her activity never ceased
until late at night. She never stepped out-
side except to do her chores—never, dur-
ing all the weeks since Claire and Jim had
come to live in the house, had she crossed
the stone wall to visit her brother, and
never had she so much as called Hugo
Cliffe on the telephone. Her world was
bounded by her endless toil—yet, Claire
told herself with sharp misgivings, she
was the sister of Hugo Cliffe, and she al-
ways fed the grey cat.

  The cat was in the kitchen now, wan-
dering after Agda from sink to cabinet to
refrigerator, contentedly purring.
“Agda,” Claire said incisively.

  “Yes, Mrs. Forester?”

  “There are some new tools lying on the
table in the store-room. You are not
to touch them. No one is to touch them
except Mr. Forester or myself, ever. Do
you understand that, quite clearly?”
Agda Cliffe turned her steady blue eyes
on Claire. “I’ve never touched Mr. For-
ester’s tools—never. I’ll leave them strictly
alone.”

  Claire felt somehow, as she turned
away, that the woman was telling the
truth, that she would keep her word. She
went out of the house, intending to put
the car in the garage which sat at the
rear, but as she opened its door she
paused. The sound inevitably put a chill

in her blood—that regular, ringing metal-
lic tapping. She heard it carrying on the
wind, from the craggy hills.

  The clear sunlight had helped Claire
fight down her fear, though she could not
free herself of it entirely. The tap-tapping
she heard now began to bring it back—it
was a challenge to her composure, a threat
against her sanity. Because she was de-
termined to defeat that consuming dread,
she left the car and walked toward the
source of the sound. It led her along a
path, into the rugged hills.

  The quarry lay below her-as she paused
on the crest of a hill. It was a ragged,
cubical cavity in the valley. Simon Cliffe
had opened it and Hugo Cliffe, carrying
on his father’s craft, had deepened it. Its
walls were sheer and mottled, dipping deep
into a mirror-surfaced pool. The rains
of the years had collected in its depths.
From it had come the stones which now
marked the graves of the village's dead.

  Hugo Cliffe was working on a ledge far
above the still surface of the pool. He was
wielding a sledge, driving wedges into
holes he had bored in the deposit. While
Claire watched, knowing he was unaware
of her presence, he labored without a
second’s pause—strenuous, back-straining
effort that would soon have exhausted an-
other man. The power of his supple mus-
cles suddenly split a line between the row
of holes with an explosive crack, and a
slab of stone leaned out.

  A warm, soft touch at her ankle star-
tled Claire. Her eyes jerked down. At
her feet the grey cat was moving—rub-
bing himself against her, purring hungrily.
Claire recoiled at the contact—but she
tried to fight the fear put into her heart
by the animal. “After all,” she told her-
self, “this is a pet I’ve kept for years, and
loved.” She stooped to pick him up—but
suddenly, with a frightened mew, the cat
darted away.

  He was a grey movement trickling
26

Dime Mystery Magazine

down the crags of the quarry. He vanished
with a sleek rapidity—in the direction of
Hugo Cliffe.

  The girl’s eyes returned Lo the man. He
was tearing the block of stone from its
socket with superhuman strength. He
whipped a rope around it, pressed one
hard knot upon another. When he began
climbing up, Claire marked the amazing
feline litheness of his movements. At
ground level, he began to draw the rope
through a pulley, hoisting the heavy slab
higher and higher, never for an instant
ceasing his effort.

  While Claire watched fascinated, Hugo
Cliffe dragged the stone toward a light
truck stationed near the brink of the
quarry. He turned it end over end, then
with incredible dexterity and power, tilted
it into the truck-bed. The stone fell flat
with a resounding crash that testified to
its immense weight. Cliffe was turning
toward the wheel, evincing not the slight-
est sign of fatigue, when a black move-
ment streaked across the ground toward
him.

  The cat. ... It rubbed itself sensually
against Cliffe’s ankles. He brought it
into his dusty hands, and they gazed at
each other—the cat and the man. Claire
could hear the animal’s mewing, the man’s
crooning purr." Then—as though the feline
had told Cliffe exactly where she was
standing—the stone-worker turned his
powerful eyes upon Claire.

A CHILL struck through her, but she
stood her ground as Cliffe came
toward her. She did not retreat because
it would have been an admission that she
was afraid. He paused, stood silent a
moment, the lodestone of his eyes acting
evilly upon her. He said in a low, smooth
tone:

  “He stands between us—your husband.
Nothing in the world can combat the
power that binds us together—not even

his life. It’s only a trifle, a small obstacle
to be swept aside. You feel it—you can’t
resist it—this force that makes us one
through all eternity.”

  The girl stood transfixed, so fascinated
by the spell of the stone-worker’s eyes
that his voice seemed a far-away chant.

  “It will come to him because it must—
death. It will come at it came to the
others—the chain around his throat. You
must tell no one that it is nearing him.
Hour by hour it comes closer, because our
love decrees it—an influence stronger
than the force whirling the planets through
their orbits. We are waiting for it to-
gether—his death—you and I. . . .”

  Claire blurted: “You’re mad—mad!”

  She forced herself to turn away, but
she did not hasten. She walked deliber-
ately along the path, feeling the pull of
Hugo Cliffe’s horrible cat’s eyes. With-
out allowing herself even to look back,
she approached the house—but the fear
had returned to her, the dread had
clamped again upon her heart. Her terror
became a sharp, stinging chill when she
came to an abrupt pause, peering at a
figure standing silent in the long shadows
cast by the sinking sun.

  Lieut. Korbert. He was stationed
among the trees on the far side of the
stone wall, motionless as a graven image,
his smouldering black gaze upon her. Still
she would not allow herself to betray her
apprehension. She nodded to him with
simulated casualness, and went on.

  She tried to seem calm and self-pos-
sessed while the fear gnawed deeper into
her soul. Jim was shaving, getting ready
for dinner—she talked with him lightly.
When they went down she stole a moment
to look into the store-room. The new
tools were still in their places, untouched.
Agda served dinner with her usual effi-
ciency—and Marco Polo sat, as always,
at Claire’s side, his amber eyes expect-
antly upon her.
Necklaces for the Dying

27

  But the cat’s gaze increased her dread.
She could not keep her thoughts from
her lips, in spite of his presence. She told
Jim of her walk to the quarry, of seeing
the cat and Hugo Cliffe talking together
—how he had looked up to impale her un-
erringly with his gaze. “Marco told him
where I was. He looked straight at me
at once.”

  “A movement you weren’t aware of
Claire—a sound you didn’t hear.”

  “But there is something between them,
something we can’t grasp. Marco is
drawn to him in some strange way—”
Jim laughed softly. From his pocket
he removed the crushed cardboard carton
he had picked off the floor of Cliffe’s
workshop the night previous. He tossed
it across the table to Claire with a
chuckle: “There’s the strange power
Hugo Cliffe has over Marco. Cat-nip—
that’s all.”

  Claire echoed his laugh, but it was
forced. She grew silent for a while, then
her thoughts forced her to speak:

  “Hugo and my father were boys to-
gether—friends. It was a queer sort of
companionship—it lasted until Father’s
death. Yet I always felt there was some-
thing lurking in the background. I asked
questions when I was in the village to-
day, about Hugo Cliffe. His father com-
mitted suicide, under dishonorable cir-
cumstances, but I didn’t learn anything
definite. Behind it all, Jim, I know there’s
some sort of secret.”

JIM did not speak, but in the silence
Claire heard a memory of Hugo Cliffe’s
voice that made her shrink: “We are
waiting for it together—your husband’s
death—you and I. ..." A promise of
impending doom: “Hour by hour it comes
closer. . . Claire remained quiet, striv-
ing to retain her poise, until she had
drained her coffee cup. Then, quickly, she
rose.

  She went at once to the telephone.
Recollection that this was a party line
made her pause. Six instruments, she
knew, were connected with the same wire
—among them Hugo Cliffe’s, Dr. Hunt’s,
Lieut. Korbert’s. With a determined set
of her lips she made her call. The rumble
that answered was Dr. Hunt’s voice.

  “Mrs. Forester calling, Doctor There
is something Jim and I must talk over
with you immediately. Please come right
over.”

  “Yes, of course,” the physician ans-
wered. “I’ll walk it, if you don’t mind—
need the exercise. By the way—speaking
of the queer black rock we found in your
father’s old chest—do you mind if I have
it analyzed? Very curious. I have it
wrapped now, ready to mail to the city.”
Claire answered: “It’s not necessary,
doctor. I know what it is. . . . We’ll wait
for you.”

  Jim was at her side when she pronged
the receiver. He asked: “What are you
doing? What’s on your mind ?’’ Her chin
lifted with renewed determination as she
went toward the secretary. She answered:
“I can't endure this any longer, Jim. I’m
going to get to the bottom of it. I’m go-
ing to ask Doctor Hunt about the tools.”
Jim frowned. “Do you mean you’re
going to accuse him of stealing them?
Don’t you realize that’s tantamount to ac-
cusing him of murder?”

  Claire removed the old chest from the
shelf—but she paused, because the grey
cat was looking at her. Seated near a
chair, his amber eyes fixed upon her in
penetrating scrutiny, he was listening.
Claire fought an impulse to drive him
from the room. She turned squarely to
Jim, the chest in her hands.

  “There are so many other things be-
sides the tools, Jim. There must be a
reason why Father and Uncle Gaylord
and Bob all were killed the same way—
choked to death by a chain. The same
28

Dime Mystery Magazine

man must have committed the three mur-
ders, in each case for the same motive. I
think I know what’s behind it all—but
that isn’t as important as something else.
The same thing may happen to you, Jim
—and me.”

  Jim began: “You know—?”

  “Hugo Cliffe believes it’s going to hap-
pen to us—because he has the tombstones
ready. I did see them, Jim. Perhaps he
doesn’t know who the murderer is, but he
expects it to come. It is coming—hour
by hour, it’s coming closer.” Claire shud-
dered as she heard herself echo the words
of Hugo Cliffe. “There’s only one way
we can save ourselves. We’ve got to learn
the secret before that ghastly, choking
death claims us, Jim!”

  He asked her tautly: "Claire, what have
you learned?”

  She placed the chest on the table, re-
moved one of the diaries, opened it to a
scribbled page.

  She was silent while Jim read. The
eyes of the cat were still upon her. To
free her mind of the chill brought by the
unflinching, yellow gaze, she followed the
words over Jim’s shoulder. “The first
entry,” she whispered, “was written sev-
eral weeks before Father’s death.”

  It was:

     While walking in the hills this afternoon
   we found a curious mineral near the edge
   of the quarry. Though I can identify most
   of the rocks characteristic of this location,
   it was strange to me—a deep black sub-
   stance that shines like pitch. I have sent a
   sample of it to the city for chemical analy-
   sis, on the chance that it might be valuable,
   but more particularly to satisfy my curiosity.

  “He wrote ‘we’,” Claire pointed out
quietly, “but he forgot to mention the
name of the person who was with him.
The next—”

    Extraordinary good fortune! The chem-
  ist’s report on the black substance I found

   near the quarry is that it is pitchblende. It
   is the most precious ore in the world be-
   cause it yields radium. Most pitchblende,

  I find, is mined in Africa, but it is also found
  in the United States—in Texas, North Caro-
  lina, Colorado, and in other parts of Con-
  necticut. The ore may be worked at a profit
  even when it yields no more than one gram
  of radium to ten tons of ore. This is be-
  cause the value of radium is fabulous—about
  $1,000,000 per ounce, while gold, by com-
  parison, is worth only #35 per ounce at the
  present market price. There are only about
  250 grams of radium in the United States
  at this writing, and in all the world not more
  than a pound and a quarter has been pro-
  duced so far.

    This afternoon Dr. Hunt dropped in for
  tea, and we had a long, friendly chat. He
  left only a few moments ago. Now for a
  brisk walk before dinner.

TIM turned the page and stared startled
** at unfilled lines. He blurted in amaze-
ment : “It’s the last entry he ever made!”
He flipped back to the date and jerked
out of his chair. “He wrote it the day
he died!”

  Claire forgot the stare of the cat. She
leaned forward tensely, her hands closed
into small fists. “Don’t you see, Jim?
Someone else knew, from the very be-
ginning. Someone killed Father to keep
the secret. He wanted it for himself—
that precious stuff. He wanted it so much
he didn't stop at murder.”

  Jim reached into the chest, brought in-
to his hand a fragment of the pitchy min-
eral. The black sheen of its surface
seemed to be yielding a hidden truth as
Claire rushed on:

  “First Father, because he’d found the
deposit. Then Uncle Gaylord, because he
must have learned of it through Father’s
diary. Then Bob—because Bob walked
back to the quarry that night, and he
must have discovered someone digging—
stealing the ore. Now, Jim—you and I
—because we know! We know, and the
knowledge means death—with our tomb-
stones waiting for us now!”
Necklaces for the Dying

29

  “Yes!” Jim was gazing intently at the
last words written by Claire’s father be-
fore the choking death had claimed him.
“ ‘Dr. Hunt. . . .a long, friendly chat.’
You found the tools in Hunt’s car. He
came in, all of a sudden, while Bob was
fighting for life. He came back later,
hunting for radium he said he’d lost—
but if he’s the man, why didn’t he—”
“Jim! Listen!”

  Claire had heard it—the faint, echoing
tap-tapping of metal against metal. It
throbbed through the night with the in-
exorable rhythm of knocking doom. It
trickled an icy chill down her back as she
hurried to the entrance and flung it wide.
It became louder—click-click, click-click
—but it was not coming from the work-
shop of Hugo Cliffe. It was not the grat-
ing of a chisel against stone. It was a
clear, metallic ticking that echoed every-
where in the night.

  Suddenly it stopped.

  Claire blurted: “I heard it—just like
that—before Bob rushed in choking—!”
She turned quickly, leaving the door
open, driven by a fearful suspicion. She
hurried along the hall, thrust into the
store-room. In the dark she groped to
the table in the corner and passed her
hands across the empty surface. She
turned the key of the hanging light and
looked transfixed into the glare. The new
tools were not where she had left them.
The tools were gone!

  She hurried out of the store-room, in-
to the kitchen. Agda Cliffe was at the
sink, washing the dinner dishes, her hands
busy and quick. Claire said abruptly:
“Agda, I told you not to touch Mr. For-
ester’s new tools.” The woman looked
up, her blue eyes inscrutable. She made
no answer until Claire said even more
sharply:

  “You were not to touch the tools.”
Then: “I haven’t even seen them, Mrs.
Forester.”

  Dismayed, baffled, Claire hurried back
to the living-room and Jim. Jim was
turning the pages of a diary. She stood
tensely silent, listening—and again she
became conscious of the stare of the cat.
He was sitting in the shadow, watching
her. The door was still standing open,
but he had remained—gathering secrets
that he might carry to Hugo Cliffe. Jim’s
eyes jerked up when Claire blurted:
“The new tools are missing.”
“New—?”

  “I bought some today—because I was
afraid we might need them as we needed
them for Bob. I put them in the store-
room. Now they’re gone. Somebody’s
stolen them. Tim! Do you realize what
that means? It’s coming—again—now!”
Even as she spoke a strangling, gasp-
ing cry carried in from the night. It
turned her frozen toward the door. It
brought Jim alertly to her side. It came
again—that ghastly choking, gagging
sound—and then they saw the man. He
was running wildly along the drive, to-
ward the house, staring insanely, clawing
at his throat. . . . Dr. Hunt!

  He stumbled in as Jim hurried toward
him. His eyes were protruding in a hor-
rible glare, his swollen tongue parting
his puffed lips. He sagged against the
wall as he tore at his neck, his fingers
bloody, the skin of his throat ripped by
his desperate efforts. He slipped to the
floor as Jim fought his hands down. And
in the blood-gorged folds of his flesh
Claire saw the glitter of the chain.

  The doctor’s voice was a frantic, sla-
vering mumble: “Take it off! God, take it
off!"

  One tense moment Jim bent over the
torture-wracked man, striving to find a
means of loosening the deadly links. He
jerked up, ran to the rear of the house
seeking tools which Claire knew he would
not find. As she turned to assist him in
the hopeless search, tearing her eyes from
30

Dime Mystery Magazine

the blood-swollen face of the doctor,
quick footfalls froze her.

   They were sounding in the driveway.
Swiftly they approached. The man who
sped into the light was wearing the blue
uniform of a State Trooper. He paused
beside the dying man, his smouldering
gaze directed straight at Claire—Lieut.
Korbert.

CHAPTER FIVE

Prey of the Quarry

rpHE girl stood transfixed as Korbert
A turned, kneeling over Hunt. She
caught the gleam of an implement he
snatched from his coat pocket. His thick
body covered the movements of his hands
as she listened to the ghastly strangling
sounds made by the dying man. A burn-
ing wonder was flaring in her mind:

  How did he know? Where did he come
from? What is he doing?

   Korbert rose straddled. He lifted Dr.
Hunt’s limp body in his stocky arms.
Trudging heavily, he went to the door
of the room where Bob’s body had lain,
and kicked through. Claire saw him plac-
ing the physician on the bed. Immediately
he strode back, closing the way. His eyes,
like smoking coals, turned upon her as
he took up the telephone.

   He was completing a call to the State
Police barracks in Elmsford when Jim
returned breathless to the library. Kor-
bert went back to the door which shielded
Dr. Hunt. As he stepped through, Jim
glimpsed the physician’s lax body
sprawled on the bed. He started in, but
Korbert blocked the way, thrust him back.
“Stay out there! I’m handling this!”
The door snapped shut. Jim turned
away, stricken with dismay and bewilder-
ment. Claire’s gaze turned from his
drawn face into the shadow in the corner.
There in the gloom yellow eyes were shin-
ing. While she watched, the grey, sleek

body of the cat weaved toward the en-
trance. He passed silently into the night
as Claire whispered:

  “He’s going to Hugo Cliffe. He’s go-
ing to tell Hugo Cliffe everything he’s
heard.”

  Jim said tightly: “I’ll see for myself.”
Claire hurried out the door with him.
Bright light was streaming through the
broken door of the shed. No clink-clink
of metal was issuing from it now—the
stone-worker’s chisel was idle. The gleam
drew the grey cat. He was a dark, flow-
ing movement, almost invisible, as Claire
and Jim followed. He glided into the
light, through the crack of the door. The
girl and her husband heard him speak in-
side—a plaintive mew.

  The workshop was empty. Hugo
Cliffe’s tools lay on his dusty bench, be-
side the stone bearing the name of Robert
Baird. The cat hopped upon it, crying
again. Claire shivered with an under-
standing of his wail: “Where are you?
I am here. I have news for you. Where
are you—where?”

  Jim took slow steps toward the cat. It
retreated, bristling with fear, as his hands
reached. It leaped—but Jim’s movement
was swifter. He caught it in midair and
held it grimly in spite of its squirming,
clawing efforts to escape. He sat on the
bench, forcing it against his legs, and
pushed his fingers through its shaggy,
silken hair.

  He said suddenly: “Here’s something!”
It was white, small as a medicinal cap-
sule. As Jim’s fingers combed it out of
the cat’s fur a faint snapping sound re-
sulted. A black silk thread was tied to
the rolled bit of paper and had circled
the cat’s neck—Jim had broken it. He al-
lowed the cat to bound away as he peeled
the little white roll into a crinkled square
of paper. Eyes widened, Claire leaned
over his shoulder to read:
Necklaces for the Dying

31

     They know all about the ore. Tonight is
  your last chance.

  Jim snapped: “Agda wrote that! She’s
used the cat to carry messages to Hugo
Cliffe. She’s eavesdropped on us contin-
ually. But he must have known anyway
—by listening in on the telephone. He’s at
the quarry now—I’m sure of it.”

  Claire seized his arm as he hurried
from the shop. Her protesting pull did
not slow him. She was forced to run to
keep up with his long, firm strides along
the rutted road that led back into the
hills. She realized now that danger must
not stop them—they must have the proof
of their own eyes. As they hurried to-
ward the quarry they heard no sound but
their own quick footfalls, saw no light.
The glow of the moon made the quarry
a deep, silver-bottomed hole when they
paused at its brink.

  Then a rhythmic sound. It was not the
sharp click-click of metal, but heavier, and
muffled, as though a pick were driving
into the earth. It drew Claire and Jim
along the edge of the quarry. They
paused, peering down at a glow brighter
than the shine of the moon. It was spread-
ing across rough rock from a cavity in
the sheer wall. They saw it clearly—a
slab swung back, disclosing a hollow from
which the light issued. From it came the
even beating of tireless blows.

  Jim called down: “Come out, Cliffe 1”
The dull pounding ceased. A figure
appeared in the shine. Amber eyes with
elongated pupils looked up. Almost at
once Hugo Cliffe seemed to vanish—but
quick, feline movements were lifting him
up broad stone steps to the level where
Claire and Jim stood. He materialized
suddenly in the moonglow, facing them,
cat eyes gleaming.	*

  He drew one hand from his pocket.
They heard the rattle of a short length
of chain. He began to take slow, cat-like
steps toward them.

CUDDENLY a rushing movement
startled Claire. It came without warn-
ing from the hump flanking the quarry.
She turned to see a terrorized face limned
white in the moonlight—the haggard fea-
tures of Agda Cliffe. The woman was
wildly flinging herself forward. She
hurled herself, not at Claire, but at the
man at Claire’s side.

  “Jim!”

  Jim turned too late from the threat of
Hugo Cliffe’s stare. The woman’s mad
thrust propelled him sideward. He tot-
tered on the stony brink, striving desper-
ately to keep his balance—but he could
not. A strained cry of horror broke from
Claire’s lips as he dropped. A hard,
crunching sound came out of the deep
darkness. She looked down to see Jim
lying on the next ledge, sprawled motion-
less, his forehead marked by a bleeding
gash.

  A snarl of fury turned Claire as Agda
Cliffe rushed at her. Claire threw herself
from the yawning cavity, fighting to es-
cape the woman's clawing hands. She
backed, striking desperately with small,
hard fists. The cool fury of her attack
cut through the woman’s wild grappling.
Agda Cliffe groaned and fell forward.
Her head struck stone with a sharp, crack-
ing sound. She rolled face up and lay
still—and Claire, conscious of a paralyz-
ing power, looked up to see Hugo Cliffe’s
feline eyes still upon her.

  He had not moved. His gaze had not
wavered. He was standing near the edge
of the shelf, one hand extended, holding
the short length of chain.

  He came toward Claire with panther
tread. The force of his eyes held her as
he brought the chain closer. She knew
that once his hands fastened upon her she
could not hope to escape his superhuman
strength. Once his arms crushed around
her she would become a captive of Death.
She could feel the cold iron links draw-
32

Dime Mystery Magazine

mg around her throat, growing tighter,
tighter. ... As the chain crushed deep
into her flesh, strangling her, she could
hear the metallic tap-tap of the link being
closed. . . .

  She hurled herself at Cliffe. All the
strength of her numb muscles exerted it-
self in the leap that threw her weight up-
on him. The jar of her pulsing body
against his made the chain jangle. She let
herself drop as she felt his fingers snatch-
ing at her shoulder. Emptiness opened
beneath her. She clutched frantically at
the edge of rock, supporting herself while
scarcely aware of it, as a succession of
crunching thuds sounded below her.

  Then silence. Claire hung at the limit
of her arms, flat against a sheer stone
wall, suspended only by the strength of
her fingers. She could not see how deep
the drop was below her. She felt the
depths claiming her as the muscles of her
fingers yielded in spite of all her efforts
to hold them in place. The black despair
enveloping her was swept away, suddenly,
by a crazy joy that came with a whis-
pered call:

   “Claire. . . . Claire. . . .”

  Jim was all right. He was hurt, but
alive. Jim. . . . Claire felt her fingers
sliding. She was letting go . . . letting go.

  Hard fingers gripped her wrists. She
hung limp, feeling powerful muscles lift-
ing her. Hugo Cliffe—the name haunted
her whirling mind. She was being
dragged back to the shelf as though her
weight were nothing. Hugo Cliffe. . . .

  From below came faintly: “Claire. . . .
Claire. . . .”

  A firm, chesty voice called down: “She’s
okay, Forester.”

  Lieut. Korbert. Claire gazed at him
incredulously, dizzying relief surging
through her mind. He had turned from
her. He was looking down over the brink
of the quarry. She saw the thing he was

gazing at so intently—a huddled figure
lying on the edge of the lowest ledge.

  It was a broken thing that had rolled
down, step by step. It was moving, slow-
ly, under the instinctive pull of crushed
muscles. As Claire watched in horror, it
rolled over the edge, broke the surface of
the silver water, vanished among glimmer-
ing ripples.

  “I’ve been working on this case for
months,” Lieut. Korbert said matter-of-
factly, “but I never suspected it was Hugo
Cliffe.”

/^LAIRE’S arm tightened snugly around
^ Jim’s shoulders as they sat by the
fireplace, reading the yellowed page of an
old diary. It was the first of all the day-
to-day records Claire’s father had kept.
It had yielded the secret of Hugo Cliffe
and the choking death.

  The entry, written when Barnett Baird
was a boy, told its story in an immature
scrawl:

    Last night the house was robbed again.
  The thief has been robbing houses all over
  the neighborhood and has never been seen.
  This is the second time he has robbed us.
  He got away with a good sum of money.
  Father thinks he knows who did it. He
  found a footprint on the floor under the
  open window, and he says it’s stone dust.
  Father thinks Simon Cliffe is the thief. . . .

  Days later, another entry read:

     A horrible thing happened today. I don’t
  like to think about it, because Hugo Cliffe
  is my chum, and I don’t want to lose him
  as a friend because of what has happened
  between our fathers.

    Today Father accused Simon Cliffe of
  being the burglar. He had the police with
  him, and the police searched the workshop.
  They found some of the money stolen from
  this house. That proved Simon Cliffe was
  the burglar. The police were very hard on
  him. They put handcuffs on him—old slave
  cuffs connected by about a foot of chain.
  They took him away. Hugo and I saw them
Necklaces for the Dying

33

  do it. It hurt Hugo so much he couldn’t
  say anything—he ran away to he alone.

    Hugo and I were together when we heard
  about the horrible thing that happened.
  While the police were taking Hugo’s father
  to jail, he made a desperate escape. He hid
  in a field while they hunted for him. When
  they found him he was dead. He had killed
  himself, by wrapping the chain of the hand-
  cuffs around his neck. They brought him
  back to the house and Hugo saw him, his
  face terribly swollen and with the marks of
  the charn on his throat. Hugo went sort of
  crazy. He jumped on me and yelled: “Your
  father’s to blame—I’ll make you pay for it
  someday!”

  The ring of the telephone drew Claire.
The voice of Lieut. Korbert, brisk and
chesty, came over the line.

  “-We’ve found the stolen tools buried
in his shop. I’ve just got word from the
barracks that Agda Cliffe has confessed.
There’s Dr. Hunt's statement, too—as to
how he recognized Cliffe when Cliffe
jumped on him coming along the road
.... The doc’s feeling lots better today,
by the way. Everything taken together
proves Hugo Cliffe was guilty all the way
through—but I never would have be-
lieved it, otherwise. Can you come over
with your husband, Mrs. Forester? We
need you to identify the tools.”

  Claire walked with Jim along the high-
way. Behind them the grey cat trailed.
The girl had lost all fear of him, and her
heart was completely free of the dread
that had haunted her. The menace of the
choking death was a horror of the past.
The future was made clear and bright by
the promise of wealth to be dug from the
good earth. At the side of the man she
loved, Claire felt a joyous, boundless
sense of freedom.

  But, when she paused just inside the
door of the stoneworker’s shop, it flooded
back upon her for one brief moment—
the horror of the strangling death that
might have claimed her and Jim. The
police had torn up the floor, searched
every corner of the shed. One of the
tombstones, moved from the wall, stood
opposite the broken door. Its face bore
a mocking inscription:

       HUGO CLIFFE
       Born May 5, 1875
       Died

  It awaited the grave of the craftsman
in stone—but the date of death it lacked
must be filled in now by another hand.

     THE END

WHEN YOU BUY THE

B You put your money on a “sure thing” when you buy
Probak Jr. razor blades. This double-edge blade is a product
of the world’s largest blade manufacturer. Positively guar-
antees real shaving comfort—yet sells at 4 for 10c! Buy a
package of Probak Jr. from your nearest dealer today.

 PROBAK junior
DEATH’S WARM FIRESIDE

Malcolm Slade was coming home. Through biting cold and heavy,
strangely clinging snowdrifts he was returning, tardily, to the girl
he had loved and lost.

OVER the lights of Newton a mile
away an evening star glittered
like blue ice with a lamp behind
it. Blue-black was the early night sky;
blue-white the thick drifts of snow that
mantled the open countryside. That same
34

snow crunched under Malcolm Slade’s
feet like singing particles of glass as he
cut across the woodlot at the south end of
the Slade farm and walked wearily, un-
steadily, toward the house.

  God, it was coldl It was blue-cold to
Death's Warm Fireside

35

the eye as well as paralyzingly chill to the
senses. He shivered and thrust hands he
could scarcely feel deeper into his coat
pockets. He hunched his shoulders higher
so that his coat collar should fit more
closely around his neck.

  Cold, cold, cold! And the house would
be cold too—shut up and unoccupied for a
little while, as it had been.

  He shrugged philosophically. Well, that
was his fault. The house wouldn’t be
shut, untenanted, if he hadn’t lost that
quick temper of his. With the passage of
a little time he was ready to admit, now,
that Claire had been right. He’d been a
fool to fling himself angrily out of the
house and leave her to go to her folks.

  But he could see how still and black and
drear the house looked across the white-
drifted fields. And that hurt. The house
had been so homely and comfortable look-
ing just a short while ago, before he had
quarrelled with Claire. Now it looked. . . .

  “Never think it had been lived in,” Mal-
colm Slade muttered laboriously. He felt
that if he didn’t talk aloud, do something
like that, he would sink into the drifts and
float off in the sleep that precedes
freezing.

  “Never think it had been lived in. But
just a little while ago . .

TT had been in the late fall that he’d

  left, scarcely six weeks before this
period, the height of winter. The last of
the leaves had been eddying in cheery
piles before their porch. The big fireplace
had been singing its message of warmth
and benevolence for those fortunate
enough to live in the old farm home.

  Slade got to the meadow fence, with
the black, bleak farm house only a hun-
dred yards away. He climbed the fence,
fell heavily on the other side in the snow.
He had to fight his cold-drugged senses
to make himself rise. And he groaned as

he thought of what the house would be
within. An empty house in winter always
seems even more bitterly cold than the
temperature outside.

  Well, he’d light fires, get the thing go-
ing again. Then, he thought hazily, he’d
get in touch with Claire and they’d pick
up where they had left off. It was a nice
little farm; they had proved that a good
living could be taken from it. And it was
perfect for the boy they were going to
have. . . .

  “Fool!” he mumbled, biting his lips
to keep his eyes from closing. “We have
everything right in our hands, Claire and
I. And I tossed it away. . . . But she’ll
come around. She won’t let a few weeks
break our whole lives. I’ll tell her it was
all my fault. . . .”

  He went past the barn, staggering a
little. And now he was so cold that his
eyes were playing him tricks. He thought
he saw the outlines of the old barn waver;
thought he could see the stars through it
in places.

  “This is getting serious,” he told him-
self, throwing his weary shoulders back
and taking his hands from his pockets to
beat them together. “God, I wish I was
coming into a warm house instead of a
freezing one. . . ”

  And into a home instead of a bleak
shell that looked, in the eerie moonlight,
like a great, empty tomb, his mind went
on with his thought.

  He went to his knees in a drift near the
front door of the dark house, got up
again.

  “Claire.” he called, tongue thick, voice
hoarse.

  Then he got a grip on his wavering
senses. This wouldn’t do! Calling to
Claire like that! As if, at his call, she
would open the door and he would see her
as he had seen her so many times in their
life here: in a trim house dress, face
flushed with heat from the coal range but
36

Dime Mystery Magazine

beautiful nevertheless, arms opened to
him. . . .

  “But she’ll be back again soon,” Slade
muttered. “I’ll get the house warm, and
things straightened again . , . place can
go to pieces in a few weeks ... she’ll come
back____”

  He climbed the porch. There were only
three steps, but they were a hard struggle.
He took them a step at a time, and leaned
against a porch post and panted for a full
minute after he had accomplished them.

  Leaning there, he saw lights across the
road, a few hundred yards away.

  “New house.” he muttered in surprise.
“Well! Old Gleason got it built, did he?
Put it up in a hurry whea he did get
started. Nice for Claire and me to have
closer neighbors.”

  Mechanically, senselessly, he tried the
door. It was locked, of course. Claire
wouldn’t leave it unlocked when she left,
after his abrupt and angry departure.
And the other doors would be tightly fast-
ened, too.

  He walked along the porch to a window.
It was one of the living room windows.
He tried it with almost frozen fingers. It
did not budge. Nailed shut, probably.

  For a moment maudlin self pity seized
him. Coming through the freezing night
like this, alone and cold, to a house that
was nailed and locked against him, and
that would be freezing within anyhow. ...

  “Hell,” he muttered. “It’s your own
fault it's like this. Now get in there and
go to work.”

  There seemed no way short of violence
for him to get in. He took off his felt hat,
wadded it around his right hand, and
smashed it through the window. Then he
picked out the sharp pieces that clung to
the sash, and slithered through.

TNSIDE the living room he stood blan-
  keted in total darkness.

  Cold inside? Yes. But ia this house

that had known no heat for a time the
cold ate into his very heart. It sent ice
needles through his flesh; attacked him
like a living, bitter thing.

  He searched through his pockets for
matches, found them at last. Two dropped
from his stiff fingers, but the third he
managed to hold. He stared around in
the dim light it cast.

  He could see practically nothing, and he
wondered for an instant if his eyeballs
had frozen. He had heard of such things.
But that was preposterous; the kind of
thing that happened only in Arctic cold,
not the zero weather of Ohio. The match
threw a poor light, that was all.

  Nevertheless, he shrank from the
shadows its yellow flame produced; shad-
ows that seemed to creep slowly toward
him from all four sides of the room,
hemming him in, poising as though to
leap.

  He shuddered again, and now not en-
tirely because of the cold. Then he started,
and dropped the match stub. Had that
been a step upstairs?

  He listened in the darkness, and heard
it again: a distinct creak as if a person’s
weight had been pressed against a board
in the big bedroom.

  For an instant a wild hope seized him.
That was Claire! He was here! She. . . .

  “Fool! Here in this icy place with no
light on and no fire going? It’s a board
creaking with the cold, that's all.”

  He walked toward the stairs off the
little hall between living room and dining
room. He didn’t bother to light another
match. He knew the way perfectly. He
went slowly only because there might be
some piece of furniture out of its accus-
tomed place, between him and the hall.

  The place was alive with memories of
Claire. He kept seeing her in this hall
doorway, calling him to dinner. He kept
visioning the living room, warm and
cheery, as she had furnished and arranged
Death’s Warm. Fireside

371

it. He kept seeing Claire and himself sit-
ting before the leaping flames in the fire-
place, talking of the boy that was to
come. . . .

  His steps resounded in the bleak house
like giant drum-beats. He tried to walk
on tiptoe, appalled by the noise. But he
was too shaky with cold, and weariness
from the distance he had walked, to make
it. So he shuffled over the bare floor of
the little hall and noisily climbed the
stairs.

  The second floor was, if anything, cold-
er than the first. He realized that at last
the bitter chill was really getting him.
But even as he realized that, he found
himself sinking to the top step.

  He sat there, leaning against the newel
post, chin on his chest.

  “Got to get up,” he said thickly, aloud.

  But he made no move. It was so pleas-
ant to sit, to give in for just a moment
to his lassitude. He’d get up in a minute
and get some fire going. With the living
room stove red hot and the fireplace go-
ing, the first floor would warm up in a
hurry. Have to get some wood in.

  A sound from downstairs penetrated
his stupor. And as he really heard it, he
straightened quickly. This was not a
fancied sound, nor one made by cold-con-
tracting boards! It was real, and startling 1

  It was the sound of flames, the crackling
of fire!

  “My God, the matches I lit—” Slade
thought.

  He started drunkenly down the stairs.
The little hall was already bright with the
rosy glow of naked fire. He stumbled into
the living room. . . .

  There are moments too big, too mar-
velous, to be borne. And this one, as Slade
stood in the living room doorway, was
one of them.

  Mouth open, eyes wide, he stared at
the transformed room.

  The fire that had sent its light into the

hall was from the big fireplace; a great
pile of wood was roaring there, with logs
atop to send out even heat when the
kindling had burned. The stove in the
center of the room was already black-hot,
and laving him with warmth. The bright
lamps on the table near the front door
were lit; and on the stove a pot was
steaming that Slade knew contained hot
rum.

  And beside the stove stood Claire.

  Her blue eyes were alight as she stared
at him, though they were suspiciously
moist. Her red young lips were half parted.
Her heart was in her face, and staring at it,
Slade knew he was already forgiven.

  “Surprise—” Claire called, tears spill-
ing from her eyes.	|
But Slade’s knees were folding under
him. He slid to the threshold and lay with
his head inside the living room and his
feet in the little hall.

Q LADE’S head was in Claire’s lap when
k he again became aware of things. She
was holding him to her, calling him all
the endearing terms they’d thought up
during their five years of married life.

  “Darling,” she whispered, when his eyes
opened. He saw fear in her own eyes, '
saw it fade into gladness when he looked
at her.	j

  “Mai! I was afraid. . . . You looked
almost as if you were dead!”

  “Kind of a shock,” whispered Slade, !
staring at Claire’s face as though he could
not get his fill of it. “I didn’t dream you
were here too. It looked like no one was
here. All cold and dark, like it was.”
Claire’s eyes, expressive as open books,
lighted again.

  “I wasn’t here when you broke in, Mai.

I was at Mr. Gleason’s. I’ve been staying
there, watching, waiting for you to come
back. I saw a light in here—”	j

  “I struck some matches to see my way j
around.”
38

Dime Mystery Magazine

  “I saw the light, dear, and came over. I
came in as quietly as I could, and lit the
fires. I wanted to surprise you.”

  Slade sat up. He didn’t want to take his
head from its comfortable position, but
he was afraid Claire would think him ill
or feeble from the cold if he lay where he
was any longer.

  “It was a surprise, all right!” he told
her. “The most gorgeous one. . . . But
it kind of knocked me out. So far from
what I expected, and everything. . .

  They looked at each other for a long
while. Then their two bodies, that had
been so close so many times, swayed
toward each other. They kissed, eyes
closed, all quarrels melting in the word-
less agreement.

  “So yon were waiting for me,” mar-
velled Slade.

  “I was waiting for you,” nodded
Claire. “It seemed a very long time,
Mai.”

  “Well, now I’m home and we’ll carry
on. I’ll get to work tomorrow and clear
things up. . . . Claire, what did we quar-
rel about?”

  She shook her head, smiling.

  “I can’t even remember. But it doesn’t
matter anyway. We won’t quarrel again.
You’ve come home, and so have I. With-
out the two of us, the place is just a
house, cold and bleak and deserted. With
us, it is a home again.”

  The flames in the fireplace leaped and
roared. The stove behind them hummed
with heat. Slade felt a little drowsy.

*-• Claire handed him a glass of the hot
rum that had steamed on the stove. He
sipped at it. Floundering through snow
drifts toward a house as cold and empty
as his own heart had been since he left?
Yes, he had been doing that, and only a
little while ago. But it seemed years ago,
now, in the light of his present warmth
and comfort.

  He was so warm, so comfortable! He

let himself drift into a sort of dreamlike
state, with Claire warm in his arms.

  “You’re kind of wonderful,” he whis-
pered to her.

  And it was then that their bodies drew
closer still, and he knew again the poig-
nant sweetness of the woman he had mar-
ried, and had been stupid enough to leave
awhile ago.

  Outside, a frigid wind began to moan
over the blue-cold world. But the only
effect it had in the warm room was to
make the raw flame in the fireplace leap
higher, and the warm stove hum more
loudly.

  “You’ve missed me?” he whispered at
last, greedy for the look on her face to be
translated into words.

  “So much,” she whispered back, run-
ning her young, smooth hands lightly
down his stubbled cheek. “But now
you’re here. And I know you’ll never
leave again.”

pURIOUSLY, now, a little chill stole
down his spine. Her words were
natural; the kind of thing she would tend
to say. But there was something about
her tone that struck him as a little odd.
It had such extreme conviction in it. She
knew he would never leave her again! She
had said it as though he were now chained
to her by some circumstance stronger
than earthly will.

  But the uneasy feeling faded soon. Why
shouldn’t she have conviction in her tone?
She was right, wasn’t she? He never
would be separated from her again. Not
while he was in his right mind!

  So warm and comfortable before the
fireplace. ... So contented with Claire
again by his side, in his arms. . . .

  Malcolm Slade felt himself slide again
into a sort of dreamlike trance.

  “Kiss me,” whispered Claire.

  Dreamily, he kissed her.

  “So glad I’m home,” he said finally,
Death’s Warm Fireside

39

eyes sagging closed as though weights
pulled down the lids. “So glad. . .

  He dimly saw Claire smile. There was
everything in her smile a man dreams of
getting from a woman.

  “You’re sleepy, darling, aren’t you? I
don’t blame you. The cold outside, the
bitter, bitter cold inside before I got the
fires going, your long walk, now this
warmth. . . Her voice was a lullaby,
closing his eyes more securely still.

  “Sleep, Mai. Sleep. And know you’ll
never be away from me again. Sleep. . . .”

  The fire was sending dim red even
through his closed eyelids, carrying him
off to unconsciousness with the feeling
that all was right in a world that had not
been too kind to him of late.

 “Sleep____”

  Crackling fire, Claire, everything
slipped into a slumber as comforting as
it was profound.

TTHE rather creditable Newton fire en-
gine panted in the snow-packed lane
beside the farm house. Its hose was
out, and the volunteer firemen, half a
dozen of them, were helmeted and in rub-
ber slickers ready to attack the roaring
blaze that soared through the roof twice
as high as the house it was consuming.

  But there was no way for them to at-
tack it. There was no water in the well

behind the house, and the nearby creek
was frozen solid.

  “Have to let ’er burn,” said one of the
men. “No loss, anyway.”

  A sedan slid up through the snow and
stopped behind the fire engine. A man
got out; the Newtown doctor, Allen
Lutz.

  “Bill, you phoned there was a man
here who needed me,” he said.

  The man he addressed shook his head
a little.

  “No work for you now, Doc. The guy
died a few minutes after I phoned from
Gleason’s, without ever coming to.”

  The men parted. Lutz bent over a stark
figure on a heap of coats in the snow. He
felt the figure’s chest.

  “Dead, all right. Who is he?”

  One of the others shrugged.

  “Just some old tramp. None of us has
ever seen him before. We found him lying
in the burning house.”

  “In there?” said Doctor Lutz, staring
incredulously at the almost demolished
building. “In the roofless old ruin?”
“Yeah. I can’t figure out why. I
shouldn’t think even an old drunk like
this bum would try for shelter there. The
house has been falling to pieces since I
was a kid—ever since Mrs. Malcolm
Slade died after her husband deserted her
thirty years ago.”

-fc,.« BIADB8

sfcMADE SINCE 1880 by the inventors of the original
safety razor, Star Blades have SO years of precision
experience stropped into their keen, long-lasting; edges.

If your dealer cannot supply you, mail 10c to
Star Blade Division, Dept. PG-1, 88 Johnson St., Brooklyn, N. Y.

FIT ALL GEM AND EVER-READY RAZORS
BRIDES FOR
THE BEAST

A FulULengtk /Mystery~Terror Novel of
Heart*Oripping Menace

BACK and forth, back and forth,
from end to end of its large out-
door cage the great gorilla paced.
Its reddish eyes glared murderously as it
whirled and spat out at the laughing crowd
packed tight against the guard rail. Then
it backed away—only to fling itself for-
ward again and tug at the bars with all
of its great strength.

  The crowd thought it was great fun to
bait the enraged creature, but Hartley
Kincaid frowned in disapproval and

Minna Talbot clung to his arm nervously.
She didn’t like it; that display of savage
ferocity frightened her.

  “Come on, dear; let’s go somewhere
else,” she urged as the monstrous animal
howled its rage and shook the bars until
they rattled. “If that thing should ever
get loose—”

  The words died on her lips, lost in a
stifled gasp as she stared, terrified, up at
the cage. One rattling bar was loose! It
had snapped out of the framework that

40
By WAyNE ROGERS

                              (Author of "Substitute Corpses")

Roving the mountain wilderness was a mad thing that brought
unspeakable terror to the hill people and a torturing doubt to the
heart of Minna Talbot . . . For a lust-mad scientist whispered

                                secrets concerning her
                                lover’s birth—secrets in-
                                volving a grisly experi-
                                ment with a great ape . . .
42

Dime Mystery Magazine

held it at the bottom, and the gorilla,
quick to sense the opportunity, seized it
in both sinewy paws. The great shoulders
hunched, swelling muscles ridged out on
the long arms—and the bar bent upward,
twisted almost double!

  The whole thing had happened in a few
short seconds, and before the gaping spec-
tators realized their danger the maddened
creature was squeezing through the open-
ing, free to get at them. With wild
shrieks they bolted, stampeded in blind
panic, knocking one another down in their
desperate flight.

  Minna clutched Kincaid’s arm, but a
wild-eyed man dived between them and
another knocked her off balance. Then she
was down, and the crowd was streaming
past her, sweeping Hartley with them. An-
other moment and the pavement in front of
the cage was deserted, except for Minna,
trying to get to her feet—and the great
ape that was lurching toward her!

  She heard women screaming, heard
men shouting to her to run, saw a uni-
formed zoo attendant gaping at her help-
lessly—but she could not move a muscle.
She seemed turned to stone—stone that
shook in terror as death loomed above her.

  And then Hartley was there beside her,
cool and collected, speaking calmly, almost
persuasively—to the gorilla!

  “No—no,” he was saying quietly. “No
    ft

—no.

  The lumbering ape hesitated, crouched
on its haunches, and looked puzzledly into
those eyes that were fixed so steadily
upon it. Gradually the snarl began to
fade from its face.

  “Good—good,” Hartley said in the
same quiet tone, and then made queer,
animal noises deep in his throat.

  Slowly and easily he walked toward the
gorilla, speaking to it all the while. Then
his open hand touched its shoulder, patted
it; and the red eyes looked up into his
with what almost seemed to be under-
standing ! He reached down and touched

the open paw, patted it, lifted it—and
started leading the ape back to the cage,
where a quick-witted attendant was
spreading out an inviting array of food.

  For long minutes the tense, hair-trigger
drama had held the watching crowd spell-
bound. Then, as the gorilla squeezed its
way back into the cage, the breathless si-
lence was broken by a roar of applause,
and Hartley was bending over her, help-
ing her to stand on weak, trembling legs.

  The danger was past, and Minna could
feel the crushing terror lifting like a great
weight from her shoulders—but in its
place came a weird reaction that sent a
shiver through her. What she had just
witnessed was unnatural—uncanny. It
wasn’t human for a man to exert such an
influence over a savage beast. Something
deep down within her shuddered away
from it, and she recoiled unconsciously
when his hands touched her.

  Then the strange reaction was gone,
forgotten, and she was in his arms. But
the next day it came back to her and she
shivered unreasonably as she read a state-
ment by one of the zoo attendants in the
morning paper.

  “If I hadn’t seen it myself, I wouldn’t
believe it,” he was quoted as saying. “Mr.
Kincaid has more influence with apes than
any man I’ve ever known. He handled
that gorilla as if he knew it—almost as
if—well, as if he was one of its own kind
and could think the way it did.”

HPHAT near tragedy was now three
months past, but it all came back to
Minna with crystal clearness as she read
and reread Hartley’s letter. He was at
his father’s remote estate in the wildest
part of the Adirondack foothills, but he
was to have come back to town to spend
the four-day holiday week-end with her
at the seashore. His friend, Don Porter,
and Don’s fiancee, Alice Marvin, were
to have completed the party—but now
Hartley wasn’t going to be back.
Brides for the Beast

Mr-1-

43

  “Dad feels that he is on the verge of a
great discovery, and you know I am an
integral part of his experiments,” he
wrote, “so I really can’t run out on him
for almost a week right now. Instead, I
want you three to drive up here and pick
me up. Then we’ll go to my lodge and
spend a couple of days there.”

  Minna frowned. It wasn’t that she did
not like Hartley’s mountain lodge; it was
an adorable place, and she was almost as
fond of it as he was. But the prospect
of going to Professor Kincaid’s home,
even if only to pick up Hartley, was not
inviting. It filled her with vague uneasi-
ness.

  Professor Kincaid was a strange, re-
ticent man, and she was never comfortable
in his presence. He was an anthropol-
ogist who was devoting himself to an ex-
haustive series of researches into simian
life and development. So immersed was
lie in his subject that he had become ec-
centric ; he seemed hardly human—scarce-
ly more than an automaton.

  He gave Minna the creeps—and the
thought of Hartley forming part of his
experiments, being studied and probed by
this queer, impersonal old man, did not
add to her peace of mind. She had only
a vague idea of what those experiments
were like, but what she conjured up in her
mind gave her no desire to visit the place
where they were conducted.

  There was another reason why Minna
dreaded going to Professor Kincaid’s es-
tablishment—August Gebhardt, his assist-
ant. Gebhardt was a German, a blond,
bullet-headed Prussian, and he made no
effort to conceal his desire for her, even
though he knew she was engaged to Kin-
caid’s son.

  Minna had never liked him, and she
liked him even less for the past few
months. He had little liking for Hartley,
she knew; but there was certainly no ex-
cuse for the unthinkable things he had
hinted at.

  Ever since that accident in the zoo he
had been unbearable. Minna’s little nose
wrinkled with distaste and her eyes be-
came frosty as she remembered how he
had read the account in the paper and then
looked up at her significantly.

  “A most remarkable occurrence.” he
murmured. “It hardly seems human. I
would not believe that a man could wield
such an influence over a beast.”

  There were other things, too; not the
words so much as the inflection, the crafty
cocking of his head, the knowing nod—
as if he knew a great deal that had better
remain unspoken.

  Gebhardt had made several attempts to
declare his affection, but so far Minna had
managed to avoid a direct avowal. But
how much longer she would be able to do
that was a question ; it was much better to
avoid the man and the chance of an un-
pleasant scene.

   So, between the professor and his assist-
ant, there was little to tempt her to the
Kincaid place—not to mention the reputa-
tion of the establishment itself. There
were queer stories whispered about that
gloomy backwoods retreat; wild tales
about the professor and his experiments.

  Once, a few years ago, he had even
broken into the columns of the metropoli-
tan newspapers when the mangled body
of a young girl was found near his place.
His angry backwoods neighbors claimed
that she had been slain by one of the apes
the professor kept penned up in his lab-
oratory, but he convinced the authorities
that his animals could not possibly have
escaped to commit the deed. Hartley had
been with him at the time, and Minna
noticed that he was strangely worried and
unnerved when he came back to the city.

  Not a very pleasant place to visit, but
Minna shrugged; if it was all right with
the others, she would not object. And it
was all right with them.

“I sort of expected this,” Don laughed
when informed of the change in plans. “I
44

Dime Mystery Magazine

didn’t think we’d be able to drag that
Tarzan of yours down to the seashore.
He’s never happy unless he’s up in the
woods. Regular forest-dweller, that

guy”

  Oddly, that jesting remark struck
Minna as strangely significant. Hartley
did have little use for the seashore, for
water sports of any sort. His mountain
lodge was his idea of heaven, his ideal
playground the woods.

  Minna caught herself up short and gave
herself a figurative shaking. What sort
of ridiculous thinking was this? It was
those preposterous insinuations August
Gebhardt had insidiously planted in her
mind. Do what she would, she could not
get rid of them or throw off the feeling of
uneasiness, of apprehension, they cast over
her.

TT stayed with her as Don’s car sped

  through the bright morning sunshine,
and increased when early twilight brought
the Adirondacks closing in around them.
Today those tree-covered hillsides were
depressing. They lowered above her
ominously, closed in threateningly. It
would be a relief when they reached Kin-
caid’s and picked up Hartley. Minna
wanted him beside her; wanted the reas-
suring touch of his hand, the sound of his
voice—

  “The only objection I have to this place
is the ungodly trip you have to make to
get here,” Don interrupted her thoughts
as he brought the car to a halt. “Seems

I	never can negotiate it without losing the
way. God only knows where we are now.
Looks as if this road’s going to become
a deer-run in a few minutes.”

  “There’s a light ahead there to the
right,” Alice pointed out. “Maybe they
can put us back on the right road.”

  The light came from what proved to be
a general store in the center of a straggling
village that appeared to consist of no more
than a dozen scattered houses. As the car

  braked to a stop in front of the building
men came surging out on the wooden
porch. A surprising number for a place
of that size, Minna noticed at once. She
counted twenty—and some of them carried
shotguns.

  “Wonder if you can tell me how to
reach Professor Kincaid’s place?” Don
asked them all in general.

  But only silence answered him—cold
silence that was made unmistakably hos-
tile by the surly gleam of their eyes.

  “We seem to have lost our way—” Don
began again, and then his voice faded
away before that almost palpable hostility.
There was something terribly wrong here;
something—

   “Ye want to go to the perfessor’s, eh?”
a bewhiskered old-timer finally said, while
his neighbors eyed him uncertainly.
“Friends of his, be ye?”

  Don’s admission brought from the
crowd of hillmen a low growl that swelled
into an angry rumble, but the old fellow
paid no attention to it.

   “Wall, ye just stick to this here road,”
he went on, “until ye come to the first
turnin’. Take the right hand fork. Pretty
bad road fer a spell, but it’ll git ye where
ye wanta go.”

  Don thanked him and threw the car
into gear. For a moment Minna was sure
that the men were going to step out in
front of the machine and stop them with
those shotguns. Then they were under
way—but, as she looked back, she saw
that the hillmen still stood watching them
as the light of the store dimmed in the
distance.

  The road grew steadily rougher and
bumpier, until the girls had to cling to
the sides of the car to keep from being
tossed around. The right hand fork proved
to be even worse—almost impassable in
spots.

   “Don’t believe anything on wheels ever
went through here,” Don groaned as he
f Brides for the Beast

45

clung to the wheel and ground forward
in low gear. “What the—”

  He jammed his foot on the brake as a
lanky, dark-bearded figure suddenly
loomed up in the beam of the headlights.
The fellow’s hand was raised in a com-
mand to stop, and his face was grim as he
strode over to the side of the car.

  “Don’t know where ye think ye’re go-
in’,” he announced, “but I want ye to
help me.”

  A shriek of agony ripped through the
silence, and the old fellow’s gnarled hand
tightened on the side of the car.

  “That’s my darter, Nancy,” he said
huskily. “She’s gonna have a baby—
havin’ a turrible time with it—an’ the
doctor from town ain’t showed up yet.
Less’n he gets here mighty quick it’s
gonna be too late—so I want ye to turn
around an’ drive back an’ fetch him,
mister.”

  It wasn’t a request; it was a grim com-
mand. But Don wilted at the prospect
of going back over that impossible road.

  “I can’t make any time,” he argued.
“You can walk faster than I can drive this
car—”

  But the lanky hillman had unlatched
the door and was starting to crowd in
under the wheel—when another burst of
agony shrilled and quavered through the
night. The sheer torment in that scream
sent a cold chill down Minna’s spine. She
knew well enough what it meant.

  “There’s no use going for the doctor
now,” she said as she hopped out of the
car. “There won’t be time. I’m a nurse,
and I’ll see what I can do if you will take
me to her.”

  Minna scarcely needed a guide; the
girl’s blood-chilling cries blazed a trail
straight to the crude shack where she lay
writhing in agony. As they came in the
girl half raised on her bed and gazed at
them with feverish eyes.

  “It wasn’t a monkey critter,” she
gasped. “It wasn’t a monkey critter, I

tell ye—it was human!” And then another
spasm of agony rocked her and twisted
her words into distorted moans.

  The poor thing was delirious, Minna
thought; that was the only explanation for
her raving about this “monkey critter”.
Again and again the insistence that some-
thing or someone was not a monkey, but
human. Gradually Minna began to un-
derstand that the girl was talking abou(
the father of her nearly born child—and
the chilling tentacles of grisly horror be-
gan to wrap themselves around her.

  Fortunately the doctor, a rugged little
country practitioner, arrived before the
child was born. He took charge, and
Minna noticed that his eyes became bleak
as he listened to that delirious raving. She
tried hard to catch more of the girl’s words
and make sense of them, but the disjointed
raving told her nothing more—until the
newborn infant lay in the doctor’s hands.

  And then stark horror gripped her, en-
veloped her utterly!

  Fascinated, she stared at the dead mon-
strosity, while her mind reeled away from
what she saw. It was a huge child. Its
arms and legs were long and gangling.
There was a thin covering of dark hair
all over its body; and its face—

  Those flat, widespread features were
unmistakably simian!

  Minna heard a low curse escape from
the doctor’s lips as he swung around and
tried to hide the thing from the girl on
the bed. But he was too late. She had
already seen—and now her brown eyes
were two great, brimming pools of in-
credulous horror.

  A low, choking moan bubbled up from
her throat, gasped from her open mouth.
Then came words, slow and deliberate, in
a voice that was insistent yet pathetically
pleading—as if she were arguing with
herself, striving desperately to convince
herself of something that must be so.

  “But it was a human critter! O God, it
was!” her low words throbbed through
46

Dime Mystery Magazine

the still room as her eyes closed wearily
and she slumped to the bed to join in death
the grotesque thing to which she had given
birth.

CHAPTER TWO

Prey of the Beast

TT'OR long moments the silence held as
they stood beside the bed and looked
down at the dead girl. Minna forgot that
she was part of it. Rather, it was as if
she were a spectator, looking into a room
where something unthinkably horrible has
just occurred.

  It wasn’t the girl’s death. Death alone
would have been clean and final, a blessed
relief. This was something else; some-
thing incredible and unholy; something
that clung noisomely to the room even
after the girl’s spirit had fled. Its taint
held them mute in the presence of horror
they could not put into words.

  Then the bearded parent shuffled over
to the table on which the infant’s body lay.
Horror and disgust were mirrored in his
working features, to give place to bitter
rage.

  “Human—hell!” he snarled. “It’s a
monkey—an’ one of Kincaid’s critters is
its father!”

  That broke the spell, and only then did
Minna realize that other eyes had been
regarding them. Eyes in the windows
and at the door. Now the owners of those
eyes shuffled in and gathered around the
table, to stare down at the monstrosity in
awe that quickly kindled into savage rage.

  She recognized several faces among
them. They were the same men she had
seen back in the straggling little town.
Now they were all armed with guns or
clubs, and the hard stares they directed at
the three strangers were filled with menace.

  “Thank God my Betsy died afore she
give birth to a thing like that!” one of
them exclaimed, and Minna saw that it

was the old fellow who had directed them.
“My pore gal was only dead-—ripped to
pieces—with her dead fingers still grip-
pin’ the black hairs she pulled out of the
critter’s dirty hide. But the lot of ye let
the perfessor lie his way out of it—let
him keep those murderin’ apes here in the
hills—an’ this is what ye get fer it!”

  His face twitched and his old eyes
blazed as he swung around on the others.

  “An’ this ain’t all!” he raved. “Wait
till we find your gal, Jeff Muzzey. A
gal in this country don’t disappear for two
days an’ come back safe. The ape’s got
her—an’ when ye find her ye’ll wish to
God ye never did!”

  Jeff Muzzey, a red-haired giant, quailed
under that withering prediction, and the
color drained out of his ruddy face.

  “Ef anything’s happened to my daugh-
ter—” his tense voice came in a deep
rumble, then stopped.

  His blazing eyes turned to Minna, and
decision flashed in them. Before she
could move he leaped across the room and
grabbed her by the wrist.

  “We’ve stood enough o’ Kincaid’s mur-
derin’ critters,” he said grimly. “I’m
holdin’ this gal until we find my Dorrie—
an’ if—if anything’s happened to Dorrie
—God help this one!”

  That was the spark that set off the ex-
plosion, that opened the floodgates for
pent-up passions. Don Porter sprang for-
ward and tried to push the fellow away
from Minna, but in the next moment he
was down, helplessly battling half a dozen
men who struggled to get at him. Minna
felt rough hands grab at her and hold
her, felt hard fingers pinch into her arms
as she stared aghast at what had suddenly
become a bloodthirsty mob, slavering for
the blood of people they had never even
seen until an hour ago.

  Rough hands seized Alice and held her
helpless. Angry fists flailed out at Don,
and the bewhiskered old-timer whose
tirade had started this frenzy shouted en-
Brides for the Beaut

47

couragement and heaped fuel oh the blaze.
Only one man in the room kept his head.

  Above tlie din the doctor's voice rang
out authoritatively.

  “Let those people alone, you fools !” he
commanded. “What did they do to you?
If you feel so much like fighting, go up
and tackle the professor’s apes—not a
couple of girls. Thought you were sup-
posed to be out looking for Dorrie Muz-
zeyi Well, you’re not gonna find her in
here—and while you’re wasting time God
only knows what’s happening to her.”

  The lash of his voice snapped at them,
penetrated their rage-befogged brains, and
slowly common sense began to reassert
itself. The hillmen fell back, abashed,
but even as they released her, Minna saw
that their glances were bitter.

  “You came along here at a very un-
fortunate time,” the doctor said as Don
got to his feet. “After what’s been going
on in these hills these men can hardly be
blamed for flying off tlie handle, hut old
Stevens shouldn’t have sent you up this
road. He did that out of pure cussedness.
It will get you up to Kincaid’s all right—
in fact you’re within half a mile of the
place now—but the road’s in very bad
shape. Hasn’t been used for years.”

  “And if we go back and around tlie
other way?” Don groaned.

  “Ten or twelve miles,” the doctor ad-
mitted. “Guess you might as well go on
this way, as long as you’ve come this far.
Wait a minute. I’ll get you a guide. Hey,
Tully,” he called to a young husky who
was just going out of the cabin. “Sup-
pose you ride up to the Kincaid place
with these people. You can take them up
and at the same time keep your eyes open
for any sign of Dorrie along this back
road.”

CO when they drove on Tully Walters
rode on the running board of the coupe
beside Don, clinging to the side of the car
as k pitched in and out of ruts, his eyes

never leaving the lighted road in front of
them.

  “Dorrie’s my gal,” he confided as they
bumped along. “She ain’t been home—
ain’t been seen—since yesterday morning.
That ain’t like Dorrie. If she was a-goin’
anywhere she’d ’a’ told me about it.”

  Minna listened to his anxious voice and
studied the silhouette of his worried face
etched against the background of the dark
road. Her heart went out to him, and
she shuddered at the memory of the dead
girl back in the cabin they had just left.
What a ghastly tragedy—to go through
the excruciating agony of motherhood to
bring such an abomination into the world 1

  Somewhere in this black wilderness was
tlie creature that was responsible for that
tragedy. Could it be that it was really a
beast—an ape? A horrible monster that
caught and violated young girls and left
their mangled bodies as gruesome evidence
of its bloodthirsty lust?

  Minna remembered the red, hate-flar-
ing eyes of that monster in the zoo ; re-
membered the way it came lunging toward
her—and suddenly tine darkness that
hemmed her in was filled with staring eyes,
with hairy arms that were ready to reach
out and grab her! She fought to control
her panic, but instinctively she shied away
from the open car window and pressed
closer to Alice, until she could feel her
friend's trembling arm, her ice-cold fin-
gers. Fear huddled there in the car with
diem.

   But the dying girl -had insisted that the
father of her child wasn’t a beast—that it
was human. What had she meant by
that? Didn’t she know for sure? Was it
some sort of weird half-beast that was
neither man nor ape? Some impossible
creature that was able to change its form
and pass as both man and beast ?

  That was inconceivable! But Minna
shivered at the thought and wished with
all her heart thait she had not come on this
trip. Intuition had warned her not to
48

Dime Mystery Magazine

come to this place. Perhaps this unnatu-
ral monster was the spawn of one of the
professor’s unholy experiments. Per-
haps—

  Suddenly Tully Walters’ hand shot out
and gripped Don’s arm.

  “Stop the car!” he whispered tensely.
“Look! Over there at the side of the
road. Did ye see that—”

  The motor died as Don flicked the
switch and stepped on the brake. The car
stopped, settled with a faint metallic sigh
—and the stillness settled down around
them; stillness so-absolute that Minna
could hear the pounding of her heart and
the panicky sough of Alice’s quickly
drawn breath.

  The world became a circle of light in
the midst of surrounding blackness—a
ring of glaring radiance into which she
stared until her burning eyes seemed to be
standing out of her head. And then she
saw it!

  Full in the glare of the headlights was
a snarling black face, a bullet head
hunched between great shoulders, a huge
hairy body. For a fraction of a second
the ape crouched at the edge of the brush
and glowered at them. Then it heaved
itself forward—and a heavy rock smashed
into the windshield, driving murderous
splinters of glass all about the helpless oc-
cupants.

  Minna ducked behind the protection of
the dashboard as another rock crashed
against the hood of the car. She saw
Tully Walters spring from the running
board. Then Don snapped off the lights
and the narrow road was plunged into
darkness.

  Out of that darkness came the sounds
of the fearsome creature’s flight and of
Walters’ threshing pursuit, growing faint-
er in the distance. Behind the wrecked
windshield the girls clutched each other
and cowered in terror, until Don pulled a
flashlight from a side pocket and climbed
out of the car.

  “I’m going after him,” he announced
quietly. “I can’t let him face that thing
alone. You’ll be all right here—”

  But Minna was already out of the car,
dragging Alice with her.

  “Don’t be silly, Don,” she said firmly.
“We’re going with you. That’s much
better than waiting here in the darkness.”
Don did not argue. With his flashlight
he searched the side of the road until he
found the place where the ape had
crouched, and then a faint path leading
back into the brush. Slowly he led the
way along this hardly discernible trail.
The noise up ahead of them had dwindled
and then stopped altogether. Again the
wilderness was quiet, the heavy stillness
broken only by the sounds of the night in-
sects and the noise of their own progress.

  It was better when there was a noise
up ahead. At least then they knew where
the creature was. Now it might be any-
where around them in the darkness, ready
to pounce on them as they passed. Minna
cringed and could fairly feel the huge
black paws fastening on her hunched
shoulders—

  A yell burst through the stillness and
her blood turned to ice. It was Tully
Walters, right up ahead there somewhere,
and his shout of surprise was strangling
in his throat, turning to a howl of pain
and terror!

  Don started to run, but they did not
have far to go. A few steps farther ahead
and they could see the flickering light of
a low fire. Don’s warning hand pressed
them back as they reached the edge of a
little clearing—but he could not shut off
the sight of the frightful thing that was
going on out there in the firelight, nor
close their ears to the bloody gurgle that
was Tully Walters’ death-cry.

  The huge ape’s bloody paws were tear-
ing at the man’s throat, mangling it hor-
ribly, while the warm blood spurted out
and drenched its shaggy coat. Then, with
a bestial snarl, it dropped the limp body
Brides for the Beast

49

and stood glaring around the dearing.

  Could it see in the darkness—see right
through the thin brush behind which they
were crouching? Minna felt as if the
creature’s eyes were looking right into her
own; as if—

  It was coming straight toward them!
Bloody paws swinging at its sides, ugly
head lowered, it lunged awkwardly across
the clearing, until it was only yards away
from their hiding place. Then, sudden-
ly, it cocked its head and listened.

  In her terror Minna had not heard the
first call. Now she caught it as it was
repeated—a distant halloo. Without an-
other glance in their direction the ape
whirled and loped off into the brush.

  Not until the last faint sound of its
flight was lost in the distance would Don
let them step out into the blood-spattered
clearing. It took but a glance at the gap-
ing hole that had been Tully Walters’
throat to tell them that here was nothing
they could do for him.

  But the sight that caught Minna’s atten-
tion and brought an icy tingle of horror
to her spine was on the other side of the
clearing!

  Beneath a crudely constructed bower
lay the naked body of a young girl,
chained by one ankle to a tree. She had
been beaten, tortured, mutilated, until her
flesh was a crimson horror—and yet she
still lived!

  Minna sprang forward and cradled the
battered head in her arms as she saw the
closed eyelids flicker. Blood frothed up
on the girl’s lips as she tried to speak;
then the words came, thick and hardly in-
telligible—while the tortures of hell
flamed in her glazing eyes.

  “It was—it was the perfes—”

  That was as far as she got. The welling
blood gurgled in her throat and her head
fell back limply. Dorrie Muzzey would
never be able to tell who had committed
these abominations on her tender body, but
she had planted horrible suspicion in the

minds of the three who bent over her.

  What had she meant to say? The pro-
fessor? The professor’s ape? The pro-
fessor’s assistant? Or—no, God Almighty,
no; she couldn’t have meant to say “the
professor’s son”!

  Minna did'not dare to meet the eyes of
the others as she rose to her feet. She
could not bear it if she should read in
them the terrifying suspicion that had
reared its nasty head like a venomous
snake in her own mind. Instead she
turned to the crudely built shelter.

  It was nothing more than four poles
with crosspieces lashed over their tops and
freshly cut boughs spread over these. Evi-
dently it had served as a shelter for the
murderous beast—a couch from which it
could watch the suffering of its helpless
victim. In the bed of leaves heaped be-
neath it were crusts of bread, a gnawed
bone—yes, and the stubs of cigarettes 1

  An ape that smoked cigarettes!

  Minna looked closer — and her heart
sank sickeningly. For a moment the
world swayed giddily and she was sure
she was going to faint. Then, from some
inner spring of courage, came the strength
to step forward and place her foot on the
gleaming bit of metal that had caught her
eye.

  When she was sure the others would
not notice, she stooped quickly and
snatched up the silver-plated, mono-
grammed lighter she had given Hartley
Kincaid as a present the past Christmas!

CHAPTER THREE

Festering Suspicion

HPHE rest of that terrible ride to the
Kincaid home was a torture night-
mare to Minna. The faces of that dead
girl in the shack and the awful thing she
had brought into the world, of Dorrie
Muzzey and Tully Walters, would not be
pushed out of her mind—and the lighter
50

Dime Mystery Magazine

in her handbag seemed to be burning its
way right through the leather, straight into
her suffering heart!

  The fact that the lighter was there did
not connect Hartley in any way with these
fearful atrocities, she told herself again
and again. But apes do not smoke cigar-
ettes. A man had been there, reveling in
that murder nest, and that man had had
Hartley’s lighter!

  When the enraged hillfolk found those
bodies there would be no restraining them.
They would swarm up here and tear the
Kincaid house down brick by brick, she
told herself, and as she looked up at the
gloomy brick and stone pile she knew
that she would not blame them. She had
never liked the place, and now it loomed
up in the darkness ahead of her like the
dwelling place of all evil.

  More than twenty years ago Professor
Kincaid had come to this out-of-the-way
place so that he would be alone, so that he
would be undisturbed in his work. He
had been there ever since—and God only
knew what sort of monsters the place had
spawned in that time.

  Minna shuddered as the car drew up be-
neath the porte-cochere, and her distaste
was in no way alleviated when the door
swung open and August Gebhardt strode
out, smiling, to meet them. At the sound
of the motor Professor Kincaid came
from the brick building behind the main
structure that was his laboratory, and
Mandy Goss, his housekeeper, came from
her kitchen, follawed by her moronic look-
ing grandson.

  The Kincaid household was assembled
—with the significant exception of Hart-
ley!

  Where was he ? Something in the back'
of Minna’s brain shouted the question ac-
cusingly, but as she glanced at the faces
of the other she could find no answer in
them.

  Gebhardt was bowing and smiling oilily

while he murmured stupid compliments.
Professor Kincaid was making the wel-
coming ceremony as brief as possible;
plainly he wanted to get it over with and
return to his endless work. Mandy Goss,
a husky old woman with a sharp, vitriolic
face and glittering, mean-looking eyes,
made no attempt to conceal her lack of
enthusiasm; visitors meant more work,
her biting glance said plainly enough. And
Corby, her hulking young grandson,
stared at them stupidly, as if he had never
seen such surprising creatures before.

  “Where—where is Hartley?” Minna
dreaded to frame the question that was
foremost in her mind, but somehow the
words formed on her dry lips. “Isn’t he
here ?”

  “He was until an hour or so ago,” Geb-
hardt supplied quickly. “Then he went
out. I believe he said he was going to
meet you.”

  His words seemed to sap her strength,
to leave her weak and trembling. Hartley
wasn’t there. He hadn’t been there for
an hour or more. Then where was he
when that ape creature murdered Tully
Walters? Where was he? Where was
he?

  That question kept throbbing madden-
ingly through her brain until, fifteen min-
utes later, Hartley’s car drove up beside
the house.

  “Hello,” he greeted them with a grin.
“How did you get here? I began to get
worried about you, so I drove out to see
whether you had had trouble on the road
—but no sign of you anywhere. Don’t
see how I could have missed you.”

  Relief surged through Minna. Of
course, that was the answer: he had driven
down the main road looking for them
while they were plowing along that ter-
rible back road! That was where he was!

  But as he took her in his arms and
kissed her he seemed like a stranger—a
stranger whom she feared! Instead of
Brides for the Beast

51

responding eagerly to his caresses she
wanted to draw away, to shrink from him
—even though she scolded herself for her
disloyalty.

  “It’s this old house,” she told herself.
“It makes us all suspect each other. Once
we’re away from here—”

  But Professor Kincaid dashed her hopes
for a speedy departure the moment he saw
his son.

  “So you’re back, Hartley,” he said
quickly. “Then let’s get back to work.
I know—you want to be with your guests,
but if you want to get away by tomorrow
noon we’ll have to put in several hours of
work tonight. Mandy has prepared a bit
of supper for them, and after that they
will probably want to retire. So they
won’t miss you at all, and there will be
plenty of time to see them in the morn-
mg.

  Reluctantly Hartley went with him and
left Minna to Gebhardt, which, it was
very apparent, delighted the professor’s
assistant. As soon as the light supper
was finished he maneuvered her into the
library. Minna knew what was coming
and tried to avoid it—but this time Geb-
hardt was not to be put off.

  “Wait, Minna—please,” he begged as
she tried to excuse herself and go up to
her room. “There is something I must
tell you. I can not wait any longer. Don’t
you see ? Don’t you understand ? I love
you! I want you to marry me! To go
away with me—”

  His arms were around her, drawing her
to him, bringing her face up to his lips;
but Minna fought loose and broke away
from him.

  “You have no right to talk to me like
that!” she panted. “You know I am en-
gaged to Hartley! I love him, and I’m
going to marry him—and you can only
make things unpleasant for all of us by
going on this way.”

  She was at the door and was about to
open it and rush upstairs, but the ex-

pression on his livid face stopped her.
Rage twisted his features, contorted them
into a sneering snarl that was demoniac.

  “So you fling my proposal back in my
face,” he grated between clenched teeth.
“I am not good enough for you, I sup-
pose. Not such an Adonis as young Kin-
caid. Well, let me warn you! Watch your
step before you marry him or he may drag
you down into hell with him!”

  Minna knew that she ought not to listen,
that she ought to ignore his jealous raving,
but something seemed to keep her rooted
there at the door, incapable of opening it.
Against her will she looked into his blaz-
ing eyes and could almost feel their hyp-
notic attraction.

  “What—what do you—mean?” she
asked, in a voice that seemed to come from
the back of her brain rather than from
her lips.

  “What do you know about Hartley?”
Gebhardt flung at her. “How about his
mother? Does he ever speak of her?
Does he know anything about her ? How
do you know that the professor is his
father? They resemble each other in no
way. And do they act like father and
son? How is it, do you suppose, that
Hartley is so at home with the apes ? How
is it that he can handle gorillas as no other
man has ever been able to do? How is
it that he is so inordinately fond of the
woods and so uncomfortable indoors ?”

  With the stunning force and regularity
of a triphammer he hurled his questions
at her, piling innuendo on innuendo, until
Minna reeled away from the merciless
barrage, aghast at the staggering impli-
cation of the things he was saying. But
Gebhardt was not finished.

  “I have tried to spare you this by hint-
ing when I should have spoken frankly,”
he snapped at her. “Now I shall answer
some of those questions for you. I have
been with Professor Kincaid for more
than five years, working with him inti-
mately, and during that time I have dis-
52

Dime Mystery Magazine

covered no evidence that would indicate
that he ever had a wife. His interest in
Hartley is not that of a father in a son—
it is that of a scientist in a rare specimen!
Mrs. Goss has known the family a good
many years, but her loyalty to the profes-
sor stops her from telling all that she
knows. But suppose that what she insinu-
ates is true—that Hartley is the son of an
ape!”

  Like a lash laying open the skin that
unthinkable suggestion slapped into
Minna’s face—and like the quick blood
rushing up to the wound came the ready
promptings of her own mind.

  That day at the zoo—the attendant’s
statement to the reporters—Hartley’s pas-
sion for the woods—the so-necessary part
he played in the professor’s experiments.
One by one they flashed before her. and
with them the half-formed suspicions
which Gebhardt’s insinuations had prompt-
ed within her.

  Hartley the son of an ape! Hartley—
No, it couldn’t be! That was madness—
the vicious invention of a brain that was
embittered and warped by jealousy. Geb-
hardt was lying—lying!

  “I won't listen to any more such lies!”
she blazed at him, while her bosom rose
and fell with such stress that she could
hardly speak. “Get out of here! Get out
—before I tell the professor what you
have dared to say!”

  Gebhardt’s sneer had become cold and
fixed.

  “The truth hurts, doesn’t it?” he stabbed
at her as he walked toward the door. “Es-
pecially when it is what you have known
yourself but have not had the courage
to admit.”

  As he stepped into the hallway he
paused and listened. There was the
rumble of voices outside. Then heavy feet
clumped up the steps and across the ver-
anda ; fists banged on the <loor.

  Minna heard those noises and a new
fear coursed through her. That must be

the hillmen; they had found those mangled
bodies in the clearing and now they had
come for an accounting. They had come
for revenge, to kill the beast that had
murdered their kin.

  Like an icy blast the memory of Hart-
ley’s lighter flashed through her. That
killing monster was not a real ape. It
smoked cigarettes and it carried a light-
er—Hartley’s lighter. Suppose that Hart-
ley was the son of an ape!

  Minna grasped the side of the door for
support. Her face, she could see in a
mirror, was ashen, and cold perspiration
was bathing her body in a wet, clammy
blanket. Weak-kneed, she staggered out
into the hall. She had to see for herself
—had to hear—

  “I’m a deputy sheriff,” she heard a
heavy voice rumble. “I ain’t got no war-
rant to search this place but if you know
what’s good for ye, you better not try to
stop us.”

  “Come right in, gentlemen,” Gebhardt
invited. “I shall be more than glad to
help you in any way I can.”

  Would he tell the deputy his suspicions
about Hartley ? That enraged mob would
be only too quick to jump at conclusions;
they would drag Hartley out to the near-
est tree! Fear clutched at Minna’s throat,
threatened to choke her, while her head
throbbed like a drum. She strained her
ears. But Gebhardt said nothing that
would arouse their suspicions. It seemed
that they wanted to see the professor’s
apes, and as Gebhardt started to lead them
to the laboratory she joined them.

  The laboratory was a one-story brick
building with heavily barred windows and
a stoutly bolted door. At one side of the
single large room Professor Kincaid and
Hartley sat working at a large desk, and
in a caged off section at the rear two big
gorillas stared out at the visitors inquisi-
tively.

  “Our guests told me of their distress-
ing experiences,” the professor said, as
Brides for the Beast

53

soon as the deputy had announced their
mission. “Had we a telephone I would
have notified you, but it seems you have
discovered the bodies without my assist-
ance. A most horrible tragedy, gentle-
men, but I can not see how you can sus-
pect that I am in any way responsible for
it. These animals have not been out of
this building since I brought them here.”
“Where were they earlier tonight?” one
of the posseinen demanded.

  “Right here in this room,” Kincaid an-
swered readily. “My son and I have beei
working with them all evening. They
were never out of our sight. And even if
we had not been here to watch them, you
can see that there is no possibility that
they could break out of their cage and
force their way out of this building. I
have no idea what this murderous monster
may be, but I can guarantee that it is not
one of my gorillas.”

  “I know a monkey when I see one,”
the deputy insisted stubbornly, “and that
thing Bess Robley give birth to was a
monkey. If one of these critters ain’t
its father—who was ?”

  Minna had scrutinized the caged gor-
illas keenly. There was no blood splashed
on their bodies and their paws were clean.
No, it couldn’t have been these animals,
she realized. Then the deputy’s question
caught her attention, and she looked up—
to find August Gebhardt’s eyes fixed on
her significantly.

  What was the man insinuating? That
Hartley had been that foul monster back
in the clearingf That Hartley was the
father of Bess Robley's monstrosity?

  Sickeningly, the dying girl’s delirious
raving came back to her:

  “It wasn’t a monkey critter! It was
human!”

  What had she meant ? Could it be that a
human being—or something that appeared
to be a human being—had been the father
of that ape-like infant? Could it be that

there was appalling truth behind August
Gebhardt’s nasty suggestions—that—dear
God, that Hartley was really—?

  The lights in the room grew dimmer,
seemed to contract into themselves—and
then Hartley’s arm was around her
shoulders, supporting her as he led her to
the door.

  “Brace up,” he said softly. “You’ve
had a trying day and your nerves are
about gone. Bed is the place for you.”

  Alice was already asleep when Minna
slipped quietly into bed beside her. She
was tired herself, exhausted and physical-
ly ill from worry, but her jumpy nerves
would not let her sleep. The room was
filled with hideous apes and grinning mon-
sters, and whenever she dozed off they
seemed to gather around her, to hang over
her, to press down upon her—

  It was Alice’s terrified scream that
snapped her out of it and brought her
back to full wakefulness!

  The room was dark, but a late moon
had risen and painted a dim patch of light
in the window frame. Against that light
she could see that something huge and
black was bending over her! When she
tried to move a muscular, hairy arm
pressed down upon her—and she looked
up into the snarling face of a gorilla!

  Minna’s throat muscles were paralyzed.
She could not utter a sound—and then,
amazingly, her own scream rang in her
ears. Rang for a second, and then was
choked off as a hard black paw closed
over her mouth and stifled her.

  Frantically she struggled for breath,
but there was no breaking that grip—no
chance to gulp even a single blessed draft
of air into her tortured lungs. Her heart
pounded madly; the cords in her neck
strained and tightened into taut thongs,
and the swelling veins at her temples
threatened to burst through the skin—and
then a wave of billowing darkness swept
up around her and engulfed her.
54

Dime Mystery Magazine

CHAPTER FOUR

Bloody Trail

TJF7HEN Mina groped her vvay back to
consciousness she was still there in
her bed. The room was dark, the window
an unobstructed panel of dim radiance,
just as it had been when she dozed off to
sleep. There was no crouching ape, no
snarling face bending over her. Perhaps,
after all, that horror had all been another
nightmare conjured up by her harried
brain.

  Her hand stretched out slowly to touch
Alice—and flew back as if her exploring
fingers had come in contact with red-hot
metal!

  The bed was empty!

  Minna pushed herself upright and
peered into the darkness. Now she could
see more clearly around the room. It
was empty. No trace of Alice, except her
clothes neatly arranged on a chair. She
was gone—and Minna knew that that hor-
rible ape had beer, no fantastic creature
of her over-wrought imagination!

  Shakily Minna climbed out of bed and
slipped into her negligee and slippers. Per-
haps Alice had gone downstairs—but
there were her slippers beneath the bed,
her negligee lying on the chair with her
clothes. She was gone, and perhaps even
now the monster might be returning to
drag Minna off with him.

  Trembling, she tiptoed to the door and
looked out into the hall. It was dark and
empty. Fear spurred her on as she ran
through the darkness to Hartley’s room
and knocked on his door. No answer.
Again she knocked, louder. Surely he
must hear that, but there was only silence
behind the panel.

  Noiselessly she opened the door and
looked inside. The room was empty, the
bed undisturbed.

Don Porter’s room was next to that.

  “Just a minute,” he answered sleepily

when she pounded on his door. “Heck of
a time to wake a feller, but I'll be right
out.”

  But the moment he saw her frightened
face in the light of the lamp he had lit he
knew that this was no jesting matter.

  “Alice—she’s gone!” Minna sobbed an
answer to his quick demand to know what
had happened. “That awful ape carried
her off!”

  Don took charge efficiently after that.
As soon as he had heard her story he be-
gan a search of the other rooms on the
sleeping floor. Professor Kincaid’s was
empty, the bed undisturbed, but August
Gebhardt was asleep. He got dressed im-
mediately and joined them.

  There was no sign of Alice or anyone
else in the main building, but there was a
light burning in the laboratory. When
the searchers got there they found the pro-
fessor writing at his desk, surrounded by
mounds of books.

  “Alice gone!” he cried as soon as they
had told him what had happened. “But
how? What could have taken her—and
how could it have gotten in and out of the
house? I don’t have to tell you that Obo
and Dora were here in their cage all night,
just as you see them now. But what sort
of frightful creature can this be?”

  The gorillas were asleep in their cage,
and Minna had no doubt that they had
been there all night, just as he claimed—
and yet there was something furtive about
the professor’s manner. When she caught
his eyes she was sure that she detected
guilty knowledge in them. Perhaps not
guilt so much as fear. That was it—
fear. He was terribly afraid of something
that he would not even mention.

  But what? If he knew that his steps
were innocent what had he to fear?
Minna tried to be obtuse, tried to ignore
the answer that was clamoring for recog-
nition but it would not be denied.

  Kincaid was terrified because he thought
that Hartley, his son, might be the guilty
Brides for the Benst

55

killer! There, she had admitted it to her-
self. And with the admission came damn-
ing questions. Where was Hartley now.
How was it that his bed was undisturbed ?
Why wasn’t he anywhere in the house or
here in the laboratory? Where could he
be at this time of night—if he was in-
nocent ?

  Before she could put one of those ques-
tions into words the answer came through
the laboratory door in the person of Hart-
ley himself. But the sight of him sent icy
fingers of horror clutching at Minna’s
heart. His clothing was dirty and torn,
there were scratches on his face, and one
hand was covered with blood!

  “Hello! What’s up ?” he grinned, as
he dabbed at his bleeding palm with a
blood-soaked handkerchief.

  “Where—were—you?” Toneless and
dead the words forced themselves from
Minna’s lips.

  “Looks as if I’d been in a war, don’t
I?” he laughed. “Well, don’t be so
alarmed; it’s nothing serious. I climbed
up to the summit of the hill in back of
the house—the view from up there is
great in the moonlight—and I took a spill
on the way down. Almost broke my neck,
but all I actually got out of it was a few
scratches.”

  Minna watched his face and hope
sickened and died within her. His story
didn’t ring true. She couldn’t believe him,
though she wanted to pin her faith to his
every word more than she had ever want-
ed anything in her life!

  They searched the house for Alice after
that, but Minna knew with hopeless cer-
tainty that it was a useless formality. Alice
would not be found in the building. No,
she would not be found until the monster
was finished with her and ready to discard
her poor, mangled body.

  At the rear of the building they routed
Mandy Goss out of her bed to join the
hunt, despite her acrid comments about
letting a person get some sleep when there

was a lot of extra work heaped on her.
Corby got into his clothes, too, and trailed
around after them like a big, lumbering
dog—or like a dumb calf, as Gebhardt
called him as he callously cuffed the pop-
eyed yokel out of his way.

  The search was futile, as Minna knew
it would be, and there was nothing left
but to give it up for the night. Sleep
seemed impossible for her any more that
night, but when it did come it claimed her
completely. When she opened her eyes it
was broad daylight.

  Alice’s clothes, arranged with pathetic
neatess on the chair at the bedside, stabbed
at her heart the moment she saw them, and
the full horror of the night before flashed
back to her. With it came a reminder of
the questions she had determined to put
to Hartley.

  The other doors on the upper hallway
were open as she stepped out of her room;
evidently the others were already awake
and had gone downstairs. But there was
a sound in Hartley’s room, and she started
toward the open door.

  It wasn’t Hartley, but Mandy straight-
ening up the room. Minna turned away
disappointedly—and then stopped and
looked back. Mandy was standing before
a closet door, rattling it and tugging at
the knob, while her ugly face was screwed
up into a scowl.

  “—have mighty important secrets to
keep from a body all of a sudden,” Minna
heard her mutter as she gave the door a
final yank and then whirled away from it
disdainfully.

  Secrets in Hartley’s closet ? According
to that it was not customary for him to
leave it locked. Then why—now ?

  Hardly knowing why she did so, Minna
slipped back into her own room and
waited there until Mandy was finished
with her work and went down the hall to
the next room. Then, when the way was
clear, she walked quietly to Hartley’s door
and stepped inside.
56

Dime Mystery Magazine

  The closet door was still locked, but
perhaps the key had dropped out onto the
floor. It hadn’t—but in the pocket of
Hartley’s bathrobe she found it.

  The metal seemed to burn her fingers
as she lifted it out, and she called her-
self a despicable sneak—but she must
know why that closet door was locked.

  “It’s the least I can do for Alice,” she
told herself as she turned the key in the
lock.

  What she expected to find behind that
locked door she had no idea—but what
she saw there sent her staggering back
across the room, her mouth agape and
her eyes wide with horror!

  Wadded up in the corner of the closet
was a dark mass which she recognized in-
stantly A monkey skin, complete with an
ugly, snarling head! A monkey skin that
was still matted with gummy blood—
Alice’s blood!

  “O God! O God!” she whispered over
and over as she stared at that awful hide
and as her numb mind tried to grasp what
its being there meant.

  Hartley the masquerader who had used
that skin to commit unthinkable crimes!
Hartley—part apes part man—slipping
back periodically into the animal kingdom
and using this Jhorrible disguise to satisfy
his bestial appetites.

  Somehow she locked that door and put
the key back in his pocket. In a daze, not
knowing where to turn, she went down-
stairs to breakfast. The very thought of
food was abhorrent to her, but Gebhardt
was at the table and quickly recognized her
condition

  “What you need is a strong cup of cof-
fee,” he prescribed. “That will help you
get yourself in hand.” And then, when
she had drained the cup Mandy brought
for her, he leaned forward and asked,
“Now—is there anything I can do for
you ? Anything you want to tell me—or
ask me ?”

  There were many things—not that she

wanted to ask, but that she had to ask
him.

  “Yes,” she said dully. “Tell me—is
it possible that there could be such a crea-
ture—as you insinuated Hartley might
be?”

  “Entirely possible.” His voice was
gentle and sympathetic. “If you will
come with me I’ll prove it to you.”

  Unresisting, she let him lead her into
the library, seat her in an easy chair.
Then he took down two thick volumes
from the crowded shelves. Scientific
volumes from which he read passages
aloud to her. Those volumes spoke of
hellish things—of savage women who had
mated with apes—of the hybrid offspring
that had resulted. Some of those misfit
creatures had lived for years, and one of
the volumes stated that it was possible
that others that had been lost in the jun-
gle, turned completely beast.

  “So you see it is entirely possible,” Geb-
hardt finished his reading. “There is no
reason, either, why a strong, superior type
of human female mated with an ape
should not produce an offspring in which
the ape characteristics of the father would
be entirely lost—outwardly, anyway. But,
of course, there is no telling when such a
creature would revert to type and become,
for a period of time, all ape. And there
is no guarantee that a woman marrying
such a creature would not give birth to
full-fledged apes—throwbacks to the pa-
ternal grandparent.”

  Minna’s face was white, blank, but her
tortured mind was writhing in agony.
That was what the dying girl in the shack
had meant! The father of her child had
not been a monkey to her eyes. He had
looked like a human being, but the result
of their union was the terrible monstrosity
Minna had seen bom!

  And the father of that child was—
From a drawer of his desk Gebhardt
had drawn a faded diary which he held
out before her.
Brides for the Beast

57

  “Do you recognize this handwriting?”
he asked. “It is Professor Kincaid’s. The
items, you will notice, begin in 1910, the
year Hartley was born.”

  And then he began to read—an account
that seared into Minna’s brain as if the
letters of each word were printed there
with vitriol. That account recorded the
birth of a male child whose mother was a
white woman—her mate a gorilla! For
three years that shocking chronicle fol-
lowed the infant’s development, day by
day—until Minna raised her trembling
hands as if to shut the thing from her mind.

  “I do not know definitely that this is a
record of Hartley’s birth and infancy,”
Gebhardt concluded, “but certainly you
should know more about him before you
marry him. If I were you—”

  That was where Hartley interrupted
them as he entered the study. His face
was grave and worried as he turned to
Minna.

  “What could have happened to Alice is
a complete mystery,” he told her. “We
have searched the grounds and the entire
neighborhood and there isn’t the slightest
trace of her anywhere. It seems queer to
give up the search—but there isn’t any-
thing more we can do. Nothing but wait
until we see what happens. Dad is anxious
to complete the experiment he’s working
on, so I suppose I might as well get it
over with.”

  “I want to talk to you a few minutes
before you go, Hartley,” Minna sum-
moned up courage to say, and she was
thankful that Gebhardt tactfully left the
room. “It seems odd, here in your home,
that there is no picture or reminder of
your mother. You have never told me
anything about her, Hartley!”

  He frowned and she saw that he was
uncomfortable.

  “As a matter of fact,” he admitted, “I
know very little about her. My mother is
a subject on which Dad has never been
willing to speak. So far as I have been

able to gather, she was a very beautiful
woman and she died when I was very
young. Dad was heartbroken and became
pretty much a recluse. He moved out
here in the wilderness to lose himself in
his work and forget the pain in his heart.

  “I believe there was a woman who took
care of me for a while, but that evidently
didn’t work out, for my earliest recollec-
tions are of being raised in a private
school. I must have been three or four
then. After my early schooling was over
I came here to live with father—and the
apes. I’ve been with them so much since
then that I know them a lot better than
I've ever known any woman but you ”

  At the age of three was when that dairy
of the ape-child ended! Minna shivered
inwardly and tried not to let him see the
horror that gripped her until the palms
of her hands were wet with perspiration,
She picked up a cigarette from the desk
and held it to her lips expectantly, but
Hartley seemed not to notice.

  “The lady wants a light,” she laughed.
“Where’s your lighter?

  Again he was uncomfortable She no-
ticed that he stalled and stammered em-
barrassedly.

  “I seem to have mislaid it,” he confessed
at last. “Had it a day or so ago, but it
isn’t here now. I’m pretty sure I know
where I left it.”

  Minna wanted to give it to him, to tell
him that she knew well enough where he
had left it; wanted to tell him that she
knew all about that bloody disguise locked
away upstairs in his closet—but she
couldn’t. She had to get out of that room,
out of the house, out into the air where it
was clean and fresh.

  Unconsciously her footsteps led to the
rear of the building, past the laboratory
and on up the hill behind it. Not until she
was halfway up the slope did she admit
to herself why she was there. She was
58

Dime Mystery Magazine

going up to the top, to the spot where
Hartley claimed he had been when Alice
disappeared last night.

  She wanted to see for herself if there
was any sign of his having fallen. If he
really had been up there on the summit—
if there was a scar on the earth where he
slipped and fell—then there might still be
an explanation for the damning circum-
stances that were closing in tighter and
tighter around him.

  The slim hope beckoned to her, lured
her on until she was panting from her
eager exertions. The summit was just
ahead there—an open space beneath a
lordly pine—a few yards more.

  And then her legs became leaden
weights that clung to the ground as if
molded there, while her bulging eyes
stared up at that pine—at the bare stretch
of ground beneath it. There was some-
thing white there—something ghastly
white, and smeared with brownish red,
that sprawled in the sunshine at the foot
of the tree.

  She knew what that white thing was.

  It took an age to climb those last few
yards, and with every relentless step the
sight that met her eyes became more ter-
rifying. Alice, stretched out there on the
ground, stark and cold, her naked body
stained and smeared with her own blood!
Her face had been mercilessly beaten until
it was hardly recognizable; her throat
ripped to shreds by savage claws!

  And there, beside her, lay the tattered
remnants of the lacy nightgown the beast
had torn from her body in his feverish
lust!

  Tears would not come as Minna stood
looking down at that appalling sight. It
seemed they were dried up within her—
lost in the crumbling wreckage of her
hopes, her plans, her whole world, as it
came tumbling down in chaos around her.

CHAPTER FIVE

Foul Clutches

AS MINNA staggered blindly down
that hill she wanted more than any-
thing else to get away, as far away as
possible, from that awful place and all
it contained. The place was evil, wicked,
damned by the unholy experiments Pro-
fessor Kincaid had performed there in the
profaned name of science. It terrified her,
made her feel as if she were in a trap
that was slowly but surely closing in
around her.

  Perhaps she would be the next victim
to feel those savage paws tearing at her,
to die abominably in the clutch of those
hairy arms—and to lie, naked and muti-
lated in the light of the rising sun!

  Panic routed her caution, sent her down
the hill in headlong, mad flight, until she
was no longer able to stop herself. Straight
ahead of her was the laboratory, Kincaid’s
infernal workshop. She tried to steer
away from it but couldn’t. Careening and
half falling, she rushed toward it, just as
a figure stepped away from the side of the
building and directly in her path.

  It was August Gebhardt. lie set him-
self and caught her, pulled her to her feet
as she would have pitched to the ground.

  “I found Alice!” she gasped when she
regained her breath. “Up there on the
hill—dead! Oh, God—it was horrible!
Let me get away from here—please!”
“Another,” Gebhardt clipped grimly,
and his lips compressed into a hard, white
line. “Now maybe you will believe me. I
have been looking for you—to show you
something that will open your eyes.”
“No! No!” Minna protested as she
tried to tear away from him, but his fing-
ers were tightly closed around her wrist.

  “It will take only a few minutes,” he
insisted, “and then you can go—knowing
what it is you are running away from.
Quiet now 1”
Brides for the Beast

59

  Firmly he led her to the side of the
laboratory building, to where a clump of
bushes grew close to one of the windows.
From the shelter of the bushes they could
see into the room, and the window had
been propped up a few inches so that they
could hear.

  Minna stopped trying to break away
when she caught a glimpse of what was
going on inside. Hartley was sitting in an
easy chair in the middle of the big room,
and the gorillas, Obo and Dora, out of
their cage, were hovering around him, pat-
ting him, peering into his face and moving
their lips as if they were trying to talk to
him.

  “Fine—excellent!” came from the other
side of the laboratory, where Professor
Kincaid was sitting at his desk, watching
intently and jotting down notes on the
paper before him. “Try that again, Hart-
ley.”

   Hartley laughed and leaned back in his
chair.

  “A, B, C, tumble-down,” he sang to
them very slowly and deliberately; “cat’s
in the cupboard and can’t see me. Now
then. A—B—C—”

  The gorillas watched every movement
of his lips, and now their mouths were
open and sounds were coming from them.
Not the actual letters and words that he
had spoken, but sounds at least resembling
them. It was eery, listening to those
huge apes on the verge of speech—and
the garbled version of the simple nursery
rhyme sent cold chills down Minna’s spine.

  “Good girl, Dora,” Hartley congratu-
lated one of the beasts, and then made
queer animal sounds that brought what
was unmistakably a gratified smile to the
creature’s ugly face.

  Dora slipped her long arm around him
and petted him while she leaned over his
chair and tried to repeat the jingle for
him.

  “Excellent!” Kincaid exulted again.
, “There never has been anyone with such

influence over gorillas. You are able to
bring them closer to the borderline be-
tween animal and human than has ever
been accomplished!”

  “Yes,” Hartley grinned, “and when I
spend a couple hours with them like this
I feel as if I am pretty close to the border-
line myself. You’ll make a confounded
ape of me—have me loping around on all
fours—if you don’t finish up this experi-
ment mighty soon.”

  Minna could stand no more. Hysterical
screams were crowding up into her throat,
ready to burst forth at any moment. Sud-
denly she twisted her wrist free from Geb-
hardt’s grip and darted out of the bushes,
ran frantically toward the residence. She
must find Don Porter; he would take her
away before her straining nerves snapped
entirely.

  Don was in front of the house, pacing
the ground nervously and watching the
sur-rounding hills as if he expected to see
Alice appear on the edge of the woods at
any moment. He looked up with startled
concern when he caught sight of Minna’s
wild eyes and terrified face. Then she was
in his arms, sobbing out her story.

  “I found Alice!” she gasped. “We can’t
do anything more for her, Don. She’s
dead. And we’ll all be with her if we don’t
get away from this place. Please, Don, let
me get in the car now and drive away—
as far away as we can get. Please, Don!”
Porter was puzzled, but he saw the un-
mistakable signs of hysteria.

  “All right, we’ll go,” he soothed her;
“but how about Hartley?”

  He was even more amazed by the min-
gled dread and agony that flamed in her
wide eyes.

  “He’s—he’s part of it, Don,” she whis-
pered. “I can’t tell you any more now.
Please get me away.”

  Doubtfully he led the way around the
side of the house to the garage. The mo-
ment he swung back the rolling door he
knew that something was wrong. The
60

Dime Mystery Magazine

air was heavy with gasoline fumes. One
glance beneath his car told him the an-
swer: nail holes had been punched into
the bottom of the gasoline tank and every
drop of fuel had run out onto the floor.
Hartley's car, the only other in the gar-
age, was in the same condition, drained
and useless.

  Minna saw those pools on the floor and
understood what they m :ant before he
could say a word. She should have known
it would not be so easy to escape; the trap
was too carefully prepared, and it was
closing in on her relentlessly!

  Fearfully she glanced out of the gar-
age, toward the house, half expecting to
see a huge, hairy monster bearing down
on her. Instead she looked straight into
the cold, malignant eyes of Mandy Goss,
fixed on them with hostile intensity, and
the effect was as chilling as if the beast
itself had been watching them.

  “Well, that means we don’t leave—un-
less we walk,” Don said grimly as he
started away from the useless car, “and
before we start doing that I’m going up
that hill for Alice’s body 1”

  Minna dreaded another sight of that
pitiful corpse, but she did not dare to
remain at the house alone. Hartley, Geb-
hardt, and professor or the prowling mon-
ster—any of them might find her there;
and one terrified her as much as an-
other. Going back up the hill she would
at least have Don to protect her.

  As they climbed she tried, haltingly, to
explain the horrible fear that hung over
her—to explain what Gebhardt had in-
sinuated, and what she had seen with her
own eyes. But she could see that Don
looked at her queerly, sympathetically;
that he considered her half out of her
mind from fright.

  She could not blame him for that. It
did sound insane—a perfectly normal man
becoming a monkey! But with her own
lips she had heard Hartley say that often
he felt close to the borderline that sepa-

rates mankind from the animal kingdom.
That was when he was conscious of what
he was doing. But what about those times
when he actually slipped over the line and
became a beast ? Then he would not know
what he was doing—would be no more
responsible for his horrible deeds than
the ape that had been his father!

  They were halfway to the top of the
hill when Minna froze in her tracks
and turned a blanched face to Don. There
it was again—Hartley’s voice, farther
down the slope, calling her name!

  For a moment it paralyzed her, rang in
her ears like the knell of doom. Then
she grabbed Don’s arm and urged him up
the brushy trail with greater speed.

  “Please don’t answer, Don!” she
begged, as she cast frightened glances be-
hind her.

  “Minna!” There it was again. Nearer
now. He was coming after her, catching
up with her.

  Minna scrambled through the brush as
long as she dared; until his voice seemed
almost at their heels. Then she dragged
Don down beside her into the shelter of
a thick clump of bushes.

  She could hear his footsteps now, hear
him snapping twigs, scuffing stones out of
his way. Nearer and nearer. Were his
senses more acute than theirs, she won-
dered? Would animal instinct lead him
straight to their hiding place?

  Her heart pounded so loudly that she
was sure he would hear it. Desperately
she poised for a mad flight if he broke
in upon them. Nearer—nearer. Now he
must be only a few yards away! And
then she knew that he had passed; his
voice came back to her from above them,
and the noise of his progress became
fainter.

  Not until it had died out altogether
would she let Don start up again. Cau-
tiously, watching on all sides of them,
they climbed steadily without catching
sight of him—and then they came to the
Brides for the Beast

61

bare stretch from which they could get
a clear view of the hilltop.

  There, at the foot of the pine, Alice’s
nude body lay as Minna had left it, but
now a man was bending over it.

  “That’s Gebhardt,” Don identified him
immediately. “What’s he doing—”

  Before he could finish his question his
eyes popped wide and he stared open-
mouthed up the slope. From the lowest
limb of the pine a huge black body swung
down and then dropped—to land on all
fours on Gebhardt’s back!

  The German went down, flat on the
ground, the wind knocked out of him,
and the black furry was all over him.
pounding and tearing at him with claw-
ing paws. Before he could stagger to
his feet the great arms closed around
him and held him helpless, dragged him
to his feet, seized him by the throat and
shook him like a limp doll.

  The thing took only seconds. Before
Minna had stifled her first gasp of sur-
prise Gebhardt screamed horribly—and
the blood spurted from his torn throat
while the huge ape snarled and voiced
its triumph in weird animal noises.

  Even after his head fell back limply, the
ape tore and ripped at him, shredding his
throat, mangling his face, beating and
pounding at him with savage fury. That
exhibition of bestial rage was appalling
—nauseating. Minna felt weak and sick.

  And then she saw that Don was racing
up the hill, crazily intent on trying to
save the professor’s assistant!

  With a shout he launched himself at the
gorilla—but the huge monster dropped the
crimson horror that had been Gebhardt
and lunged straight at his new opponent.
The black fist swung up from the ground
and smashed into Don’s face with sick-
ening force. Somehow he managed to
stand up under that blow, but he was
tottering — staggering backward — his
arms dropping helplessly at his sides. And
the monster was lunging at him again!

  Minna screamed shrilly, wildly, and for
a fraction of a second the ape hesitated,
peered down the slope to where she
crouched. Then one hairy arm swung
around in a black arc and caught Don a
backhand blow on the side of the head
that lifted him off his feet and sent him
crashing into a clump of scrub oak.

  Even before his body hit the ground
the ape was loping down the slope, straight
at Minna!

  With a terrified shriek she whirled on
legs that threatened to collapse beneath
her at any moment. It was no use; she
knew that she could never outrun the
creature. It was coming toward her with
great, ground-covering strides. And then
—great God in heaven—it called her
name!

  Not distinctly, not clearly—but plainly
enought so that she could not mistake it.
Minna! The way those gorillas down in
the laboratory might have pronounced it
after Hartley!

  Was this thing one of the professor’s
gorillas? But they could not have recog-
nized her; would not have known her
name, even if they could have spoken
it! Then—then it must be Hartley—
slipped across the line and become a sav-
age beast—but still able to recognize her
and call to her with the half-human ut-
terance of the gorilla that he had be-
come !

  Minna’s brain reeled under that fear-
ful realization, and the delicate balance
that separates rationality from insanity
was upset, tumbled helter-skelter. She
was no longer sane as she ran down that
hill with strength that had never been
hers before. There was room for only
one thought in her mind; she must run—
run-—run.

  Behind her she could hear the ape
pounding along after her, and new energy
enabled her to put on a fresh burst of
speed. Had she been sane she would have
fallen a dozen times in that mad flight;
62

Dime Mystery Magazine

she would have turned an ankle, would
have crashed into a tree, would have
slipped and cracked her head open on a
stone. But now her subconsciousness pro-
tected her like a guardian angel. She must
run—run—run. Somehow she must keep
ahead of that frightful creature crashing
along in her rear!

  Now she was on the path leading di-
rectly to the buildings below. Ahead of
her was the laboratory—and bedlam was
raging in there. From the open door came
a hoarse scream—a groan of agony. But
she hardly heard—and there was no time
to turn away; the creature was almost
upon her.

  Without a glance at the laboratory she
ran past, reached the main building,
dashed inside and flung the door shut be-
hind her. The key had hardly turned in
the lock before a heavy body thudded
against the panels with such force that the
door trembled.

  Run—run—run! Minna sped up the
stairs—just as a downstairs window
crashed. Now where to? Her room—it
was the only haven she knew. She could
hear the creature starting up the stairs as
she slammed the door behind her and
locked it.

  But that door would never hold against
the ape’s tremendous strength! There was
only one hiding place in the room—the
closet. And there wasn’t a second to lose;
the monster was pounding at the door.
Minna pulled the key out of the closet
door lock, slipped inside and locked it after
her. Perhaps if she was very quiet—if
she could muffle the sobbing gasps of her
panting breath—

  The outer door fell in with a crash—
and the monster was at the closet, tugging
at the door. A chair splintered against it,
smashed a hole through one of the light
panels. A hairy black paw came through
the aperture, grabbed the frame of the
door and pulled. The wood creaked, splin-

tered—and the door tumbled out in wreck-
age.

  In the doorway loomed the hideous ape,
blood splashed over its torso, dripping
from its crimsoned arms. Minna tried not
to look at it, tried to cover her face with
her hands as she cowered back against the
wall; but the monster grabbed her wrist
and dragged her out into the room, held
her tight against its bloodstained breast.

  Close up against the creature she could
see, now, that it was not actually an ape
but a man masquerading in a gorilla’s
skin. The eyes that glared at her out of
the snarling mask of a face were blue eyes
—blue eyes like Hartley’s!

  Desperately Minna thrust her hands
against the ugly mask and tried to push it
away from her, beat at it with her fists,
tore at it.

  “Let me go! Let me go!!” she shrieked
as she tried to wriggle out of the hairy
arms that encircled her.

  One arm released her; she was almost
free—and then the black fist crashed down
on her head like a club. A great ball of
fire seemed to burst in her brain, and in
its dazzling glare the world slipped out
from under her.

CHAPTER SIX

Hate Feeds

HHHAT light was still blazing above her
when her brain began to function
again. It hurt her eyes, made them blink
as she looked up into it—and then she
discovered that she was staring up into
a lighted lamp that hung from the roof
of a cave. She was lying on the floor, a
hard stone floor, and her aching wrists
and ankles were tied so securely that she
could not even move them.

  There seemed to be some crude, home-
made furniture in the place—benches and
a table. Then she saw that she was not
alone. Sitting tied to a bench on the other
Brides for the Beast

63

side of the cave was Professor Kincaid,
looking ghastly pale and obviously in great
mental anguish, and the blood-spattered
ape was standing beside him.

  Minna groaned with the combined pain
of her throbbing head and her burning
wrists and ankles. The murderous crea-
ture caught the sound and wheeled to face
her—and her eyes stared past him unbe-
lievingly. Then her heart leaped with wild
relief and delirious exultation.

  The fiend beneath that gorilla-skin dis-
guise was not Hartley— for Hartley was
sitting there on the bench beside his father,
tied up and helpless! ! There was a smear
of blood on his forehead and his eyes were
haggard as they met her gaze, but that
did not matter. He was not the atrocious
killer! He was not a bloodthirsty beast—
a half-ape in human form!

  But there was an ape there in the cave;
not this disguised fiend but a real simian.
She heard it snarl in rage, heard it pacing
up and down fretfully, and then, as her
eyes became more accustomed to the semi-
darkness of the place, she saw that one
end of the cave was barred off into a cage.
Behind those bars a real gorilla, a mon-
ster even larger than the professor’s apes,
was swaying back and forth while its red
eyes fairly glowed with fury.

  “Jest take it easy, pet," Mandy Goss’s
harsh, cracked voice erooned to the beast.
“Your time’s a-comin’ right soon now.”

  With a throaty chuckle she turned from
the cage and came, grinning, into the
light. Her shrewish face was diabolical in
its gloating hatred as she strode from one
to the other of her captives and glared
down at them. Then she stopped in front
of the professor and spat full in his
face, while her evil features were suf-
fused with unholy triumph.

  “What—what is the meaning of this,
Mandy?” Kincaid gasped, aas he stared
up into her frenzied face.

  “So you don’t know me, eh?" the hag
grinned malevolently. “After all these

years I’m still jest Mandy Goss to you.
You’re a right smart man when it comes
to monkey critters, Professor, but you
don’t know much about humans. You
were so busy fussin’ around with your
beasts that you didn’t have time to recog-
nize the mother of Nonnie Blake. Yes,
Nonnie Blake, the gal you hired to take
care of that brat of yours when you came
out to these parts! The gal you killed with
your dirty experiments!” Her rage was
mounting until now she was leaning over
the professor and howling into his set
face. “The gal you mated with a monkey
and then threw out of your house when she
was goin’ to have a baby!”

  Silence, heavy and pregnant with
ghastly tragedy, hung over the cave after
she had flung her horrible charge. Minna
stared at the professor, while little trickles
of horror wriggled through her. Could
it be possible that he had done such a
foul, inhuman thing? Was that the guilty
knowledge she had thought she detected in
his eyes?

  His lips were working, she saw, but it
was long moments before he managed to
speak.

  “Mandy,” his low voice came at last,
“if I had only known that was what you
thought— The thing is preposterous. No
beast was ever near Nonnie. I never al-
lowed her in the laboratory—but I did
come upon her in an illicit affair with a
wandering gypsy. When I discovered that
she was pregnant I told her she would
have to go. If she told you anything else,
she lied to protect herself.”

  “All right enough to call a deal gal a
liar!” Mandy brushed aside his explana-
tion scornfully. “She can’t answer for her-
self. But I can—and her son can! For
years I’ve been slavin’ for you, hatin’ the
grdund you walked on, hopin’ that every
mouthful of vittles I cooked for you would
choke you—but I’ve been waitin’ an’ plan-
nin’ all the while. And now, my dear pro-
64

Dime Mystery Magazine

fessor, my time—my time an’ Nonnie’s
time—has come at last!”

  The infuriated woman’s voice had risen
until it was a harsh shriek, punctuated
with the stamping of her feet and the wav-
ing of her gnarled hands. She had nursed
her bitter hatred so long that her mind
was deranged, and now that she was about
to taste her revenge she could hardly con-
tain herself.

  “Now you’ll pay!” she howled gleefully.
“Pay the way I paid! My only regret is
that you haven’t a daughter of your own
who can be treated the way my Nonnie
was. But we’ll make out the best we can.
This gal who was goin’ to be your daugh-
ter-in-law will do as well, I expect—an’
after Tana’s finished with her, he’ll take
care of you and your son.”

  “Tana!!” The professor squinted his
weak eyes toward the cage and then
nodded his head. “So that’s what became
of Tana; you had him here. I’ve been
worried about him ever since he escaped
from the laboratory years ago.”

  “Ever since I turned him loose an’ led
him here, you mean,” Mandy gloated.
“Gettin’ Tana was jest the first step in my
plan to settle the account with you. Dig-
gin’ up Tana’s mate, after she died on
you, an’ skinnin’ her was the second.”
“Every time I heard of ore of those
grisly killings I was sure it was Tana’s
doing,” the professor went on as if he had
not heard her, “but I did not dare to men-
tion my suspicion for fear the enraged na-
tives would kill off my other animals and
drive me out of the hills. I lived in con-
stant dread of what the creature might
do.”

  “You’ll see what he does soon enough,”
Mandy chuckled as she started back
toward the cage. “Corby, get that gal
ready for Tana.”

  So the fiend in that bloody gorilla-skin
disguise was Corby, the old woman’s vac-
uous-faced grandson! That was what
poor Bess Robely had meant in her delir-

ious raving; the father of her child wore
an ape’s skin but was a human being! And
the infant had been no monkey but one of
Nature’s horrible blunders, a Mongolian
idiot!

  Minna tried frantically to wriggle away
from the repulsive fiend, but he reached
over and picked her up as if she had been
a doll. Then he dragged her to the center
of the cave and slashed the ropes around
her wrists and ankles with a bloodstained
knife. Before she could move her numb
hands he grabbed her right wrist and
snapped a handcuff around it. From the
cuff a short length of heavy chain led to
an iron ring that was bolted into the rock
floor.

  Hopelessly Minna tried to struggle with
him, to fight him off, but he knocked her
off her feet with one slap of his black fist,
and then held her down while he tore the
clothing from her body—while his lusting
eyes gloated over her nakedness until
Mandy ordered him out of the way.

  Minna cowered on the floor and
watched the cage with fascinated eyes. The
gorilla was working himself into a fever-
ish rage, tearing up and down the barred
enclosure, but never taking his eyes off
her. Sniveling animal noises came from
his throat and his red eyes flamed with de-
sire. Once he got out of that cage—

  Horror had numbed her brain, had
frozen her body so that her flesh felt like
ice. There was nothing she could do—
nothing anyone could do. Hartley and the
professor were shouting threats, pleas,
were calling wildly for help; but Mandy
only laughed and jeered at them.

  “Go on and holler,” she taunted. “Even
if anybody heard you they would not come
near the place. I’ve worked on them—
built up their fear and hate—so that they
wouldn’t move a finger to drag you back
from the edge of hell”

  There was nothing anyone could do, but
Hartley yelled all the louder, as if to scare
the gorilla by the volume of noise.
Brides for the Beast

65

  But that would not work. Mandy had
unlocked the door, and the creature rushed
toward it. Minna wanted to close her eyes,
to hide from the sight of him rushing
toward her. Already she could feel her-
self in his arms—could feel his black
paws tearing at her soft flesh! But her
eyes would not close. She had to watch—
had to stare unblinkingly as the monster
lunged out of the cage!

  “There she is, Tana!” Mandy Goss
laughed. “Go an’ take your bride—jest
the way you had Nonnie!”

  Deliberately the gorilla loped forward
on all fours. Then he was right above her,
crouching on his haunches, looking down
at her with flaming eyes. One black paw
reached out and touched her naked side
tentatively.

  Minna wanted to scream, to shriek—but
not a sound would come from her parched
throat. She wanted to shrink away, to tear
her hand out of the manacle that held her
—but not a muscle would move. She lay
there like an ivory statue while the black
fingers ran exploringly over her flinching
body.

  This was the preliminary torture of
Purgatory, but it would be very short, she
told herself with a strange, detached calm-
ness; then would come fiery hell itself—
and after that the sweet relief of death.
It would all be over in a few minutes;
just a few minutes of excruciating, quiv-
ering agony, and then—

  Was she mad, entirely? Was her de-
lirious brain conjuring up phantoms to add
to her torment, peopling the cave with gor-
illas ? There, in the entrance, was another
one—and behind it still another!

  But they were not creatures of her im-
agination! Hartley saw them, too! Fora
moment he stopped tugging and tearing at
the ropes that bound him to the bench,
and gaped at the cave entrance. Then new
hope dawned in his sweat-streaked face.
He recognized them!

  “Dora! Obo!” he called out to them.

“Come, Dora! Come, Obo! Come here!”

  The gorillas seemed uncertain; hesi-
tated, not knowing just what to do—and
Hartley “talked” to them in the way they
had come to understand. A weird medley
of sounds—clicks, whines, grunts and
huffs—came from his lips. And the apes
understood!

  With an angry roar they loped into the
cave. Tana was quick to sense their chal-
lenge. He turned from Minna’s alluring
white body and leaped to meet them.

  In the next moment three hairy bodies
were locked in a tumbling ball of savage
fury. Long arms flailed and pounded, pre-
hensile feet ripped and tore, and gleaming
teeth bit and slashed. The cave was filled
with the fury of their struggle, and Min-
na expected that at any moment they
would roll on top of her and grind the life
out of her beneath their straining bodies.

  But theirs was not the only primeval
passion unleashed in that cave. When
Mandy Goss saw her long-cherished re-
venge slipping from her grasp she became
a shrieking fury. With bony fingers
curled into talons she threw herself at the
professor and raked his defenseless face.

  Minna stared in horror, but at that mo-
ment Hartley tore his wrists free and
drove his fist into the hag’s face. Before
she could return to the attack he had un-
tied his feet and sprang up from the bench.
With one arm he knocked Mandy out of
the way—sent her sprawling, dazed into
the middle of the cave—and then he closed
with Corby, the fake gorilla, who came
rushing at him.

  Back and forth the length of the cave
they battered and pounded at each other,
but Corby’s strength was prodigious.
Minna watched fearfully, saw unmistak-
ably that Hartley was weakening. Then
Corby got his long, hair-covered arms
around his opponent’s waist and lifted
him bodily off the floor.

For a moment they traded blows, Corby
using only one arm while the other pressed
66

Dime Mystery Magazine

tighter and tighter around Hartley,
squeezing the breath out of him. Then
they pitched to the floor and Hartley was
underneath. Desperately he tried to keep
up the fight, but he was weakening—weak-
ening—

  Out of the corner of her eye Minna saw
Mandy Goss get to her knees. She was
creeping—making her way toward where
Corby had dropped the knife with which
he had cut Minna’s bonds. Once the old
woman got her hands on that knife she
would plunge it into Hartley’s breast!

  But before she could reach it she had to
pass within Minna’s reach!

  Every nerve taut, the girl waited until
exactly the right second. Then she threw
herself the full length of the chain—and
her arms tightened around Mandy's legs,
dragged her back into the center of the
cave and closed in a death grip around the
the hag's arms. Mandy raved and cursed,
but those white arms held her helpless
with the strength of utter desperation.

  Minna hardly dared to take her eyes
from her captive, but when she did flash a
glance at Hartley sickening fear enveloped
her. His arms were futilely trying to ward
off Corby’s clutching fingers—but the ape
talons were already wet with blood, and
they darted back again and again to his
torn throat!

  “Dora!” Hartley gasped through
puffed, battered lips. “Come, Dora!”

  And the almost human gorilla heard his
cry, heard and left it to her mate to finish
the half-dead Tana. Noiselessly she glided
across the cave and loomed up over the
struggling men. One black paw reached
down and grabbed Corby’s shoulder, to
yank him backward; the other closed
around his throat, and Corby died the way
he had killed his helpless victims, a yell
of terror strangling in the blood-clogged

throat that was being torn from his body!

  The moment Hartley was free he
sprang to Mandy Goss and took her out of
Minna’s arms. He was just finishing ty-
ing her with the ropes that had been
around his own arms and legs when Don
Porter crawled into the cave entrance.

  “Good work,” he congratulated and
managed a painful grin. “Just about in
time, too; that posse is down at the house
again. They're coming this way now and
they mean business this time.”

  “Don!” Minna cried. “Where did you
come from? I thought that monster—
Corby—killed you when he murdered Geb-
hardt.”

  “That’s what he thought, too,” Don
nodded. “He left me lying up there in the
bushes while he chased you. But I’m a
pretty tough bird to kill. I couldn’t make
much speed in the condition I was in, but
I managed to crawl down the hill. When
I heard Hartley and the professor yelling
for help I figured they were in a pretty bad
way for reenforcements. I wasn't worth a
damn myself, but I knew Hartley has a
pretty good drag with those gorillas, so I
crawled into the laboratory and turned
them loose. They followed the sound of
his voice—and you know the rest of it."

  “Good man,” Hartley clipped. “We
won’t forget it, Don.” Then he turned to
where Minna huddled, blushing, still
chained to the floor. “And now, before
those hill-billies come swarming in here to
start Mandy on her way to the electric
chair, we’ve got to get some clothes on
you, darling.”

  But even before he attended to that he
gathered her in his eager arms and covered
her trembling lips with a fervid kiss—a
kiss which she returned joyously and
thankfully, without even a trace of a ter-
rifying reservation.

THE END
 BEDFELLOW
 FROM HELL

By Larry AAoorc

In the dead of night Leona awak-
ened in that old dark house—to find
that her bed had been invaded by
a being whose grisly passions were
not of this earth!

AS Leona looked up into the yellow-
flecked, agate eyes of Talbot
Rhone, she seemed to feel the
clutch of icy fingers on her heart. “You
won’t marry me, then,” he said in an odd,
tight tone. “You insist upon going to
live in that weird old house?”

  “I’ve always told you that I couldn’t
marry you, Talbot, and I most certainly
am going to live in the comfortable home
I have inherited,” she asserted firmly, pur-
pose unshaken though the chill was
spreading from her heart throughout her
body. “As a physician you have assured
me that I am in a state of exhaustion,
that I should have complete physical and
mental relaxation—in the country. What
better place could there be than this fine
old house of Great-Aunt Judith’s, in
Greyport ?”

  “Leona!” He bent his head, holding her
eyes by his intense gaze. “As a physician
I tell you that is the last place you should
go—to a house so old it is saturated with
dead, mouldering things. Its very timbers
creak and groan from the stress of past
griefs that fill the ancient rooms to burst-
ing. Youth should have new things, sun-
shine, color—not decay, the shadows and
miasma that arise from graves. Give up
this idea—let me take you away!”

67
68

Dime Mystery Magazine

  His hand was on her arm, the fingers
hot, yet their touch sent a freezing cur-
rent through her veins.

  “No.” She tried to free herself. “I
shall not change my mind. And I’ll love
that old home—mellowed by time, where
people have joyed as well as sorrowed.”

  “Dead—people!” he whispered.

  Then his clasp tightened, bit into the
soft flesh of her arm. The yellow flecks in
his eyes spread to a blaze that leaped at
her.

  “It’s Tom Farrell who’s come between
us!” he burst out hotly. “And I say that
you’ll never marry him. . . . Something
will prevent!”

  “I shall marry Tom as soon as he
comes back from this engineering proj-
ect,” she said steadily. Leona had meant
to keep this fact to herself, sensing Tal-
bot Rhone’s unreasoning and unjustifiable
jealousy. But his words stung her to
speech.

  He searched her face for a moment.
Then his expression changed and he re-
leased her.

  “I’m sorry—forgive me,” he implored.
“My love for you—sets me crazy—at
thought of another man. . . . But, more
than all I want to protect you. It worried
me to think of you going to live in that
house of—” He broke off, with a slight
shudder. “We’ll forget all I said, and
when I come to Greyport—you know I
often run down to see the old folks—I’ll
look you up and see that you’re all right.
After all, we’re sort of cousins, since one
of mine married one of yours. And I
used to play in your Aunt Judith’s house
•—maybe it isn’t as bad as I remember it.
But the thought of it certainly did give me
goose-flesh on a hot summer day.” His
laugh was almost convincing.

T EONA as glad to leave him, and

walked briskly. Though her dislike
had been growing through the two years

he had been importuning her to marry
him, never till that day had his manner
stirred fear. She tried to banish this, re-
minding herself that Talbot exerted him-
self to do much that was good, giving
considerable time to charity patients and
to work in the county hospital. . . .

  A week later she was in Greyport taking
formal possession of her new home. She
had immediate evidence of Talbot Rhone’s
concern for her, when the attorney in
charge of the property said :

  “I wrote you the former housekeeper
was getting too old for the place, and I
was having difficulty getting anyone suit-
able. Wouldn’t have one yet, either, if Dr.
Rhone hadn't happened down to see his
folks a few days ago. He learned of it
and recommended a capable woman—
patient of his—who was glad to get the
position. The Doc says you aren’t well
—need to be favored quite a bit.”

  “I only need rest,” Ruth said, aware
that a little wave of gratitude went out to
Talbot.

  It was a sunless day with wisps of fog
trailing sadly through the air, and she
had rather dreaded the possibility of ar-
riving at a lonely house. The presence of
another woman would be cheering.

  She was more glad of this assurance
when they neared the edge of the village
and came into view of the old Purdy
House among its terraces and somber,
crowding evergreens. Smoke came from
the two chimneys to droop in sable plumes
to the ground. The box hedge gave off a
faint, not pleasant odor into the clammy
air. The place was permeated with gloom.

  Involuntarily Leona shivered, her glance
going from sodden terraces and funereal
trees to the mist-saturated and time-stained
brick walls of the dwelling.

  “Decay—old things—dead things,” she
thought with another shiver. “Oh, I do
wish Talbot hadn’t said that!”

  Bravely she threw off the mood, enter-
Bedfellow from Hell

69

ing the dwelling to greet the housekeeper
with friendly warmth. This was returned
by the stout woman who at once displayed
signs of wishing to “mother” the girl.
But despite Mrs. Graham’s cheerfulness,
the warmth of generous fires, the interior
of the house repeated the effect of the
outside. The walls were covered with
paper of not one, but several, generations
past. The hangings while clean, were
drab with the faded colors of half a cen-
tury. And the graveyard smell of the
damp hedge appeared to have seeped
through the small-paned windows.

  That day brought no sun. As the hours
passed, the fog wisps thickened, drew to-
gether to form trailing streamers that at
times hung motionless, at others swirled
weirdly about.

  “It does look like a winding sheet,”
Mrs. Graham commented. “Makes you
think of the poor soul that’s just gone
from here!”

  “Oh, don’t!” Leona exclaimed.

  “Do excuse me, Miss Wade,” the older
woman begged contritely. “I forgot Dr.
Rhone said you wasn’t to be disturbed
nor made nervous about anything. And
you mustn’t get to—imagining things—it’s
dangerous when a body’s near a nervous
breakdown.” These words seemed to
hang heavily in the air, as Mrs. Graham
turned away.

  Leona moved restlessly through the
many rooms, all bleak in appearance,
family portraits on the walls of each. And
the female Purdy ancestors all seemed
to have affected one style of hairdressing,
parted in the center and brought low over
the ears. The effect of so many similar
ones suggested a collection of family
ghosts hanging on the walls. The girl
tried not to look at them.

  Learning that the housekeeper’s room
was on the lower floor of the east wing,
Leona chose one above, to be near the
only other occupant of the house. Miss

Judith Purdy had occupied a room off the
main hall, at right angles to the one taken
by Leona.

rpHE coming of night and closing in of
the fog to an unbroken, clammy cur-
tain, shut out the world. This isolation
added to the gloom of the house and the
girl found herself continually forcing her
thoughts from the words Talbot Rhone
had used to describe the place. Shortly
after ten o’clock she went upstairs.

  The blazing fire on her hearth and her
own things scattered about had a pleas-
ant effect, and for a few moments her
mood lightened. Then she raised a shade
preparatory to opening a window for the
night. She halted, outstretched hand on
the sash, eyes staring through the glass
and across the open space to a window
in the main building, from which shone a
bluish-white light.

  A woman sat there—a woman with
black hair parted in the middle and
brought down over her ears. And she
wore a dress like one Leona had seen in
Great-Aunt Judith’s closet, that day. This
figure was knitting and rocking steadily
back and forth.

  The fog drifted between, but that blu-
ish light filtered through uncannily.

  A scream rose to Leona’s lips, “Oh!
Mrs. Graham! Come—come!”

  There was the sound of running feet,
an encouraging call, and a moment later
the housekeeper came panting up the
stairs.

  “Look—look!” the girl gasped, point-
ing at the window.

  The woman came close to her side,
gazing at that other window. She shook
her head, giving the girl a puzzled look.
“What is it?”

  “Oh, God—can’t you see her?” Leona
gasped.

  “Dearie—there isn’t anything to see,
but fog, and the dark wall of the house.”
JO

Dime Mystery Magazine

  The girl stared through wild, dilated
eyes. “It’s Aunt Judith!” she cried chok-
ingly.

  Mrs. Graham shook her head anxiously.
“See here, my dear,” she murmured, put-
ting an arm about the shaking figure.
“I’m going to draw that curtam to shut
out that awful fog—it makes you imagine
things—”

  "Imagine—things!” Leona exclaimed
tensely.

  The other woman continued as if she
didn’t notice the interruption. “And I’m
going to get you some hot milk, which
you must drink and I’ll sit with you till
you go to sleep.”

  She tucked the girl into the bed, turned
on all the lights and hurried to the kit-
chen. She was back in a surprisingly
short space of time. Leona drank the
steaming liquid without question. After-
wards she directed firmly:

  “Raise that shade—just a second—I
must see!”

  But there was no blue tight shining
from the other window—only fog swirls
harboring in the corner between the wing
and the main building.

  Holding tight to Mrs. Graham’s plump
hand, Leona fell asleep. And it was
broad day When she wakened.

/COMPELLED to decide that she act-
^ ually had imagined the figure in her
Great-Aunt Judith’s window, Leona
forced her thoughts from re-creating that
picture in memory. And the morning
brought word that Tom Farrell would be
in Greyport within the next three days.

  “Everything’ll be all right then!” she
assured Mrs. Graham with a radiant smile
on her red lips.

  By night the girl found courage to go
alone to her room. "I mustn’t let this
nonsense got hold of me,” she assured
herself valiantly, succeeding in allaying
fear for the moment.

  But terror, far exceeding that of the
former night, seized Leona when she
looked from her window. There was the
same woman’s figure, this time with head
lifted to stare straight across the space
at her. The features were livid, the eyes
burning with unearthly fire.

  With a wild cry, Leona ran from her
room and through the hall to the head of
the staircase. There she came to an ab-
rupt halt, crouching against the balus-
trade, the screams silenced in her throat.
At the foot of the stairs stood another
woman with dark hair parted smoothly
in the center, winglike folds over each
ear. But this one was thinner than Aunt
Judith. The same bluish-white light re-
vealed her clearly. She tilted her head to
look up and Leona saw with horror-
drenched senses that the face was the
bony, fleshless one of a skeleton.

  Above a body dressed in commonplace
clothing, the effect was far more dread-
ful than to glimpse an entire skeleton
form.

  “O-o-oh! O-o-oh!” Leona moaned.

  Her quivering limbs would not carry
her weight. She sank lower, flesh crawl-
ing with icy terror. Was that terrible
thing with the skeleton face advancing up
the stairs? And what of that other—the
one in Aunt Judith’s room—such a short
distance away—was that gliding noise-
lessly upon her from the rear?

  As if in answer to the question, she
heard a slight rustling. Her scalp prickled
at the roots of her hair. Icy perspiration
drenched her forehead. Her heart labored
heavily.

  Another rustling. Something bent above
her, shutting off the air, exuding that
odor of the grave that assailed her from
the box hedge when she arrived. Cold,
stiff fingers clamped on her arm. An icy
hand touched her cheek, went downward
to her throat, to linger.

  Oh God—was this terrible thing going
Bedfellow from Hell

71

to choke the life from her body? Was
she, right then, to become one of the
Dead, in that house?

   She lapsed into insensibility. . . .

  “My dear—what is it? There, there,
poor lamb!” came vaguely to her ears.

  Gentle arms held her, warm arms that
drew her protectively against a warm
breast. The damp hair was smoothed back
from her brow. Opening her eyes, Leona
gazed up into Mrs. Graham’s face, the
pallor of which betrayed her concern.

  “She was there at the window—again,”
Leona gasped. “And there was another
—a horrible thing—” She could utter
no more and it was many minutes before
she could fully explain, the housekeeper
holding her closely while she gasped and
shuddered.

  “My dear, you must get hold of your-
self,” said the housekeeper firmly. “Your
friends are anxious about you—but we
will fight this thing, together. It would
be dreadful if you should get to—imagin-
ing these things, till they had to take you
away!” The last words were barely whis-
pered, suggesting a horrible thing that
clutched Leona’s heart to squeeze it with
renewed terror.

  “You don’t mean—that—” she could
not go on, could not put the grisly fear
into words.

  “No, indeed!” the housekeeper insisted
stoutly. “We won’t let anyone do a thing
like that. You’re a brave girl—you’ll con-
quer your nerves. You are not going to
see another thing. I shall stay with you
at night, after this.”

  “I’m not really losing my mind,”
Leona thought, trying to subdue that dev-
astating panic. “This is just because I’m
worn out. I must dream—it can’t be any-
thing else!”

TTOPE that Tom would come that day,
was in vain. But with mid-afternoon,
Talbot Rhone appeared. Leona had be-

lieved Greyport would be a refuge from
his attentions, had no idea he revisited
his old home so often.

  “This is just a call,” he remarked. “I’m
catching the next train back to the city.
Just wanted to be sure you’re making
it all right.”

  “I certainly am,” she said, wishing he
wouldn’t look at her like that, with the
yellow spots in his eyes fusing into that
dreadful flame.

  “You’re not looking well. Do you
sleen?” he asked gravely.

  “Most of the night,” she evaded. Not
for worlds would she confess her experi-
ences to him, though she felt that he was
willing her to say more. She feared him,
feared what peeped starkly from his eyes.
With sudden alarming clarity of vision,
she saw that he would welcome any bar-
rier that set her away from Tom. “He
wouldn’t care if I went crazy. Maybe
that’s why he talked as he did about this
house—hoping to frighten me. But I
won’t let go of myself—I won’t imagine
those horrible things, again!”

  Rhone left in a few minutes, his man-
ner one of friendly solicitude. But the
look in his eyes remained with Leona.

  If the housekeeper slept in the room
adjoining hers, Leona insisted that would
be sufficient protection against the fright
that held her with a cold grip at thought
of the two previous nights. The older
.voman insisted upon tucking her into
bed. Then she raised the shade.

  “Now—take a look across there, and
you’ll see that there’s no one in the poor
lady’s room.”

  Clasping her hands tight, Leona looked,
across the space to that other window—
it was blank.

“Oh!” she sighed with a great relief
of taut nerves. “I didn’t see it—I didn’t!”
The proffered glass of hot milk was
taken and Leona lay down with a feeling
of real relaxation. “I’ve been so fright-
72

Dime Mystery Magazine

ened,” she murmured, “not of ghosts—
but of my own mind. I’ve been afraid—
I might be taken away—where I couldn’t
see Tom again!”

  Night stillness fell over the big house.
Mrs. Graham had retired to her room,
and Leona slept. She had no memory of
being aroused by anything. Conscious-
ness merely drifted slowly back to her.
At first she dimly believed that the house-
keeper had lain down beside her. There
was someone in the bed. But—strangely
there was no sound of breathing. And
the girl was aware of a chill, as if some-
thing very, very cold were near.

  She came wide awake.

  Somebody was lying close beside her.
A someone that was rigid. Against the
warmth of her own limbs pressed some-
thing hard and chill like marble—only
more terrible. Her outflung hand came in
contact with an icy, dreadful face.

  “Oh God!” she shrieked in a frenzy
of horror, cringing from the dead thing
at her side.

  Light! She must see!

  Flinging herself over the edge of the
bed, she caught the suspended light cord.
The room was flooded with brilliance.
And on the pillow beside the one on which
Leona’s head "had rested, lay a woman’s
head. The hair was parted smoothly in
the middle and brought down over the
ears. The features were waxen and rigid
in death. Under the bedclothes, the body
was clearly outlined.

  With a cry torn in extremity of terror,
from her throat, Leona ran from the
room. She did not even hear the house-
keeper’s voice as she fled. That icy, life-
less flesh still seemed pressed against her.
The smell of death was in her nostrils.
Had hell itself opened, disgorging all the
evil spirits from its fetid maw, her frenzy
of fear would have been no greater.

  Steps followed her. She knew what
they meant—this dead woman was com-

ing after her, just as that dead one had
come from Aunt Judith’s room the previ-
ous night, to touch her. She could not
bear that again. She glanced back. In
the bedroom door stood the body which
had lain in the bed, sightless eyes turned
towards Leona.

  “I can’t help it—I can’t help it!” she
screamed frantically. “It is there! I do
see it! Oh—God—help me!”

^JpERROR swept her over the border-
land of consciousness into an oblivion
that endured for many hours. The new
day was born of the sun, before her eyes
opened. Then her senses seemed drugged,
as she remembered feeling after the ad-
ministration of a hypodermic. But the
horror of memory pierced her, re-creating
the frenzy of the night. It seemed to
Leona that she could not endure Mrs.
Graham’s assurance that she had slept
quietly.

  “I couldn’t have!” she protested through
pallid, quivering lips.

  She turned to stare at the pillow be-
side her. Again her nostrils seemed to
be assailed by that odor of the grave. It
lingered about the bed clothing, stifled
her. A shaking hand pointed at the spot
where death had lain.

  “A dead body was there!” she cried.
“It followed me to the hall. It had hair
like the pictures on the walls—oh!”

  “My dear, you mustn’t let yourself
think these things,” the housekeeper im-
plored, taking the icy hands in her warm
clasp.

  "I didn’t imagine that!” Leona denied.
“I felt the body, its awful chill went
through me. I am not losing my mind.
I tell you, this is a house of dead things!”
The older woman shook her head as if
helpless to meet the situation. “Perhaps,
if we sent for Dr. Carpenter—he lives
in the village—he could help you.”

  “No doctor could help me,” Leona
Bedfellow from Hell_

shuddered. She would not risk a medical
man’s thinking she conjured these horrors
from within her own mind. “I’m going
away from here—after Tom comes.”
Later in the afternoon she came to a
sudden decision. “I’m going for a walk,”
she told the housekeeper, turning to the
door as the words fell from her lips.

  Leona walked to the telegraph office
where she sent a message to Tom Farrell
in care of his company’s New York office.
It read:

    Am in dreadful trouble. Come direct to
  the house, no matter what hour you arrive
  in Greyport.

                          Leona Wade.

  The return to the house did not seem
quite so bad, when this word had sped
on its way to Tom. It was almost like
speaking to him—seemed to bring him
nearer. And he would be with her very
soon.

  She was greeted with the announce-
ment that during her absence all the pic-
tures of female ancestors had been re-
moved from the walls and stored in the
attic.

  “I should have thought of it sooner,”
the housekeeper said. “They just stared
at you all the time. No wonder—” her
speech broke off.

  Leona shivered. Was Mrs. Graham be-
ginning to think that she was going mad ?
Was she being kind merely to humor her
till Tom came—who would be someone
to assume authority?

  The last months had been a protracted
strain, culminating in the loss of her
mother and her own physical breakdown.
But Leona had been thoroughly convales-
cent when she received the heritage of the
old Purdy house. And she was certain
that whatever her weakness had been, her
mind was untouched.

  Relief at the absence of the pictures
somewhat lessened as evening drew on.

_73

Leona began to be conscious of the simi-
larity in the various male portraits. Like
the women there was a resemblance in
the arrangement of the hair. Brushed
straight back, pompadour fashion, in each
likeness it was worn more than usually
long. She found herself trying not to
look at them, yet the picture of Great-
Aunt Judith’s father seemed to draw her
eyes.

  “I shall not sleep upstairs,” Leona an-
nounced as the hour for retiring came.
“I—couldn’t lie in that bed.”

  “Very well,” came the quick sugges-
tion, “how about the room I first had—
in this wing? There’s a big bed in it.”
“That will do,” the girl assented. “Tom
will surely come tomorrow—and he will
take me away. He’ll believe me—what-
ever I tell him. . . . He will know that
there are—dead people here!”

  “I’d drink this hot milk,” Mrs. Gra-
ham advised. “It helps to make you
sleep.”

  “Sleep!” Leona shuddered. “Im afraid
to—sleep, after last night.” But she
drank the steaming liquid, for she was
cold, with the chill that crept over her at
sundown in that house.

  “We’ll leave the light,” the housekeeper
said, “and I shall stay right with you.”

T^OR the first time it occurred vaguely
to the girl that it was odd for this
strange woman to take so deep an inter-
est in her, to be willing to stay in so lonely
a dwelling under the conditions prevail-
ing. Even if she herself held no belief
in spirits or the supernatural, it could not
be pleasant to endure the existing situa-
tion. Other questions knocked dully at
the doors of Leona’s mind—but her senses
were growing heavy—and she welcomed
the state which deprived her of thought
and feeling. Her eyelids fell, shutting
out the brilliantly lighted room.

  The interlude of peace was broken into
74

Dime Mystery Magazine

by the odor that tortured her nostrils. It
awakened her. It brought back the hor-
rors of those other nights. In that min-
ute she knew that she should have run
from the old house—she should not have
been restrained by fear that she would
be called insane because she fled from a
haunted place. These things were clear
to her mind in the flash of time before
her eyelids lifted. Then she saw. . . .
what stood beside the bed.

  Her heart was riven by the awfulness
of that awakening, the devastating horror
of the thing that looked down upon
her. . . .

  Thick hair was combed back in a pom-
padour from the bony forehead. Lipless
jaws grinned; black, eyeless sockets stared
at her. Yet—far back within them,
seemed to be flame formed of yellow
flecks, flame that scorched her flesh.
Mouldering garments hung on the bony
frame, garments like those in the picture
of Great-Aunt Judith’s father.

  Leona did not scream. Paralysis held
her throat. Only the horrible crawling
and shrinking of her flesh told her that
she was alive.

  The thing that must once have been a
man, bent forward. Arms in the mould-
ered sleeves went out to her. The ice of
their touch froze to the very marrow of
her bones. She was lifted from the bed,
borne to the door.

  Leona could not close her eyes. She
could not move. Thought was beyond
achievement. She could only stare with
tortured eyes that would not close.

  Into the hall they went. It was flooded
with light. Advancing with a rigid, awful
step was the dead woman who had sat in
Great-Aunt Judith’s room. On the stairs
was the clothed figure with the skeleton
face. The foul odor of decay weighted
the air.

  The other two moved at the side of the
thing that carried Leona. And they went

into the parlor. In its center they halted,
under the blazing chandelier. All the pic-
tures of the female ancestors were sus-
pended from the walls. And their eyes
were glowing, horridly, from the canvas.

  Suddenly the rigid arms tightened about
Leona. The head bent towards her face,
bony jaws approaching her lips. She felt
their pressure.

  Vibrant with agony, wild with the in-
sanity of fear, rang the scream that burst
from Leona’s livid lips. Again and again
that shriek of unearthly terror shattered
the night silence. And again and again
that gruesome, skeleton mouth came down
to hers.

  Hideous laughter came from the figure
with pallid flesh.

  Then there was a crash like the crack
of doom. Cold air rushed through the
house. Steps pounded through the hall.
As they reached the parlor threshold, the
lights went out.

  “Leona!” a voice shouted.

  “Go away!” she shrieked frenziedly.
“Away from the House of Dead people!
They’ve got me—don’t let them get you!”

  But the steps did not halt. They came
on through the darkness. Leona was re-
leased with a suddenness that let her fall
to the floor. She lay with face pressed
against the polished boards, listening to
the mad battle that raged about her.

  They were fighting—the dead people
who lived in the old house. They were
fighting Tom—Tom who had come to
rescue her.

  Leona moaned in wordless agony. Then
she felt that death had come to her. She,
too, was cold and rigid. Feeling ceased
and she lay motionless.

  Nor could she believe that she still lived,
that Tom’s arms were about her. Trem-
bling, her forehead clammy, heart beat-
ing sluggishly in her breast, she lay in
his embrace, scarcely seeing his face bent
above her.
Bedfellow from Hell

75

  “Leona—you must listen—believe me.
There are no dead people here—except
the body Talbot Rhone must’ve brought.
And this skeleton dressed in woman’s
clothing. You’re alive—and so am I!
Alive, I say!”

  When he finally compelled her to look
about the room now revealed by the light
he had turned on, she saw Talbot Rhone
lying unconscious from a blow Tom had
delivered. He was clothed in tattered,
mouldy garments, a contrivance like a
bony mask over his face.

  She looked no further. Never again
would she gaze on those horrors that had
so nearly cost her reason.

  Her message had brought Tom in time.
Outside the house he had heard her
scream, bursting down the door to get to
her. And the plot was easily solved, in
the light of calm reasoning. Talbot Rhone
had been ably seconded by his ally, Mrs.
Graham. A woman’s dead body from the
morgue, a skeleton, an opiate in Leona’s
milk to keep her asleep while they laid
preparations, a hypodermic once—to hold
her in oblivion. It had been cruelly easy
to plot against the girl. So easily might
she have been driven to actual insanity.
So nearly did the plot work out.

  “Dead people are worse than ghosts!”
she whispered, clinging to Tom as she
left the old Purdy house forever.

In APRIL DIME MYSTERY—Out March 10th

Spine-tingling Tales of Mystery and Terror by
Your Favorite Authors, Including:

ARTHUR LEO ZAGAT
WYATT BLASSINGAME
PAUL ERNST
ARTHUR J. BURKS
And many others!

10c a Copy	Out March 10th

REMEMBER HASHKNIFE AND SLEEPY?

Who doesn’t! And now W. C. Tuttle introduces a great new char-
acter of the West in a five-star novelette

“SHOTGUN WORK FOR SHORTY”

Don’t miss it—nor “Shark!” a novelette by Capt. J. M. Ellrich; the
smashing climax of Gordon Young’s “Huroc the Avenger”; and
stories by Tom Roan, H. H. Matteson, Commander Ellsberg and
others in the big March

Gut Feb. 7
15c
THE EMBALMERS

 Marmon stood vigil at the side of the girl whom they had pronounced
 dead. It was his Bernice they were trying to wrest from him—to con-
 sign to the horrible fate of living burial. Was he a mad man, as they
 claimed? Or was he indeed battling sinister forces that reach beyond the
 very portals of death for their pitiful prey?

DURING ten hours of fast driving
a heightening dread had haunted
Marmon—a ghost of fear flying
in the wake of the roadster’s spinning
wheels. Unendurable anxiety tortured
him as he weaved up a graveled drive. He
slammed the car to a stop and sprang out;
76

he thrust through the entrance of the
rambling house with a name bursting from
his lips—the name of the girl he loved.
“Bernice! Bernice!”

  She appeared suddenly in the library
arch, a slender, fragile girl of ethereal,
luminous beauty. Suddenly she was in
By Oarry Grant

A Compellingly Realistic Novelette of Eerie Terror

his arms. Marmon held her close, stunned
with relief.

  “You’re all right, Bernice. Oh, God,
it’s good to know you’re all right.’’ He
-studied her worried eyes—blue as the
space between the singing spheres of the
universe—arms crushing her. “I started
back as soon as I got your letter.. I pic-
tured a million horrible things happening
to you. What is it, Bernice? What are
you afraid of?”

  She whispered: “I don’t know. I'm
terribly afraid of—of something, but.

. . . There’s more—much more—than I
wrote in my letter. Doug and I have
been almost driven out of our minds
since—”

  The girl’s breath caught Marmon
turned sharply. The door had opened. A
young man was standing on the sill—
Douglas Hartley, Bernice’s younger broth-
er. He was white-faced, staring, breath-

77,
78

Dime Mystery Magazine

ing rapidly as though from a hard run.
Inarticulate he stood there transfixed, hor-
ror pictured on his clean-cut face—and
Mannon was struck sharply by a recollec-
tion of the traditional curse that hovered
over those who lived beneath this roof.

  A Hartley heritage—fear of the most
ghastly fate that can befall human life.
Bernice’s father had narrowly escaped it
only to succumb later as though by the
relentless machinations of an evil destiny.
It had claimed Bernice’s three older broth-
ers one after another, with the inexorable
certainty of doom. The girl and Douglas
Hartley shared it now—a common terror
they could not shake. It was the dread of
being buried alive.

  Something in Douglas Hartley’s drawn
face, as he stood on the sill, made it seem
an imminent, blood-chilling danger. The
dread was in Bernice’s mind too—it was
in Marmon’s own, put there by the letter
she had written him, which had brought
him racing back to this accursed house.

  There was silence until Douglas Hart-
ley said huskily: “I came back to get my
gun. I saw lights in the cemetery. Some-
one’s there—digging. Someone’s opening
one of the graves.”

  He jerked past Marmon and the girl,
ran up the stairs. Marmon felt Bernice
tremble in his arms. He said quietly:
“Doug and I will look into this. He’s
wrought up—perhaps he only imagined
the lights. Stay here, darling. We’ll be
right back.”

  The girl’s brother bounded down with
an automatic target pistol gripped in one
hand. He went past Marmon breathlessly,
breaking into a sprint as he reached the
entrance. Marmon’s fingers pressed re-
assuringly on Bernice’s shoulders before
he left her. When he hurried past the
house, following the path that led deep
into the wood, Doug Hartley was running
ahead.

HPHREE of the victims of the Hartley
doom lay interred in the little plot at
the rear of the vast estate. It could not
be seen from the house. The path wound
through baffling shadows that cloaked
Doug Hartley with invisibility as Marmon
followed it. Suddenly Marmon was con-
scious of quick, light footfalls behind him.

  Bernice was following him. She caught
his arm breathlessly. “I can’t stay back.
You don’t understand, Grant. This—this
is what has been driving Doug and me to
the point of madness. Listen—listen. Do
you hear it ?”

  A sound was eddying on the stream of
the night wind. It was a quick, irregular
rhythm—the noise made by a shovel blade
driving into solid earth. “Someone’s dig-
ging in the cemetery,” Doug Hartley had
said. “Someone’s opening one of the
graves.”

   Suddenly there was the sound of a shot
—a jarring concussion that shattered the
stillness.

  “Doug!” The girl screamed her broth-
er’s name. “Doug!”

  She broke away from Marmon. Terror
hurried her to the crest of a hill; she was
flying down the far side when Marmon
saw the light. It was shining deep in the
shallow valley, glowing upon a marble
monument. Black, raw earth was heaped
in front of the stone. A dark cavity
marked the site of a desecrated grave.

   Another cry broke from the girl’s lips:
“Mother’s!” Then: “Look! That isn’t
Doug! It’s someone hiding—hiding!”
Bernice stopped short, frozen with hor-
ror, staring into the gloom beyond the
open grave. Marmon, hurrying past her,
saw for one brief instant the figure of a
man leaping from the shadow of another
monument—a man whose face was
masked by darkness. The fugitive fired
once—a coppery flash of flame—as he
darted into obscurity. Marmon stopped,
chilled, beside the mound of fresh earth.
The Embalmers

79

  Douglas Hartley was lying in the ex-
cavation, his chest torn by a bullet—his
face covered by spilled dirt that his own
fall had avalanched upon him from the
edge of the grave. Loam heaped over his
eyes and mouth and nose was a mocking
portent of the choking death that haunted
the soul of every Hartley.

 “Doug!”

  Marmon dropped into the grave, seized
the fallen man’s shoulders and raised him.
The dirt dropped away from a lax, white
face. Doug Hartley’s head lolled with the
ghastly looseness of death. Marmon
straightened grimly, hands reddened by
blood that had poured from a bullet-burst
heart, gazing appalled at a man who had
died in his mother’s opened grave—died
under a murderer’s gun.

  “Bernice!”

  Uncanny silence lay over the little val-
ley. There was no answer from the girl.
Marmon snatched up a flashlight that lay
on the mound. He hurried across the
cemetery, chilled by apprehension for the
girl, cutting the beam intc every shadow.

  “Bernice! It’s Grant. Where are you ?”

  Silence—no answering voice. The only
sound was Marmon s quick steps. Head-
stones stood like frozen ghosts inscrutably
keeping their secret as he wound through
them.

  “Bernice! Bernice P

  A waiiing sob came out of the dark-
ness. Marmon was startled by a rustle of
branches. The flashlight beam revealed
Bernice Hartley running—running mad-
ly, blindly, from unendurable horrors.
Marmon sped after her. He was the man
she loved, yet the sound of his swift steps
increased her frantic haste.

  He bounded to cut her off, gripped her
arm. She shrank from him, lips trem-
bling, eyes widened with terror. “Bernice!
Don’t you know me ? It’s Grant.” Abrupt-
ly, desperately, she flung herself into his
arms.

 “Grant! Take me away! Take me
away!”

  “Listen, Bernice. It’s all right now.
He’s gone.” She was sobbing, her hot
breath beating on his cheek. “Did you
see the face of the man with the gun?
Bernice!”

  “Yes.”

  “Who was he ? Answer me!”

  “It was—”

  Suddenly she was utterly limp in Mar-
mon’s arms. Her hands dropped. Her
head lolled. A deep sigh came from her
lungs as her every muscle went loose.
Marmon pressed her close, anxiously
looking into her face—a face white as
death.

  “Bernice !w

  He lowered her to the ground. “She’s
fainted, that’s all.” he told himself fran-
tically—but he was mocked by a gttastly
dread. He pressed his ear to her breast—>
a breast unmoved by the slightest breath.
For a long moment he remained frozen,
stunned Dy the horrible truth.

  No whisper of life came from her heart.

CHAPTER TWO

To Claim the Dead

TTOURS had passed since Marmon had
returned to the house carrying the
limp body of Bernice in his arms. He had
immediately called Dr. Fawcett, the fami-
ly physician, and he had telephoned the
police. He scarcely remembered submit-
ting to the questioning of the detectives
who had come from headquarters. All the
while he had been thinking of the letter
Bernice had sent him. Now an uncon-
querable conviction filled him, reflecting
in his eyes as he gazed at the three others
in the library—a conviction that he had
not lost Bernice.

  Dr. Fawcett was standing at the fire-
place, shaggy head bowed. Stanley Brain-
80

Dime Mystery Magazine

ard, thin and small-eyed, the step-father
of Bernice and Doug Hartley, had a reti-
cent, even furtive, manner. He enjoyed a
small income from the Hartley estate, was
rather an ineffectual fixture of the place
—and because of his taciturnity, some-
thing of an enigma.

  Miss Caroline Brainard, his sister, a
sentimental spinster, had, following Leti-
tia Hartley Brainard’s death, some four
months ago, come to the house to live.

  The room was hushed until Marmon
said: “You’re wrong to mourn her. She
is not dead.”

  Dr. Fawcett came to him quietly. “My
boy, you must realize her heart was not
strong. She was hysterical just before it
happened. Cardiac failure, my boy—but
please don’t insist—”

  “She is not dead.”

  Dr. Fawcett winced. Stanley Brainard
turned a protesting gaze upon Marmon.
Caroline Brainard took alarm at his sharp
tone. Marmon’s shoulders squared as he
went on:

  “She’s asleep—sleeping a sleep so pro-
found you can’t distinguish it from death
—but she’ll soon waken. Doctor, you’re
a man of science. It’s not only possible,
it’s happened many times before—once in
this very family.”

  “My boy, my tests show—”

  Marmon interrupted: “Call it what you
like—cataleptic sleep, suspended anima-
tion, the death trance—it is not death. It’s
happened to Bernice exactly as it hap-
pened years ago to her father.”

  “That must have been different, my
boy,” the doctor said.

  “How can you know?” Marmon chal-
lenged. “You weren’t the Hartleys’ doc-
tor then.”

  Marmon recalled an episode that was
unforgettably fantastic yet as real as
death itself. Craven Hartley, a high-strung
man who worked under terrific nervous
pressure, had been found slumped at his

desk, and the physician who was then at-
tending the family, Dr. Roberts, had an-
nounced that he was dead.

  Marmon vividly remembered the hearse
drawing to the door, and Simon Calder,
the undertaker, retiring to the room where
Craven Hartley lay. A moment later
Calder had burst out of the room, face
sheety-white, palsied with consternation.
They had crowded in to see Craven Hart-
ley gazing at them, smiling, rising from
the bier.

  “What is the matter?” the “dead” man
had asked.

  Months later, victim of a grimly ironi-
cal fate, Craven Hartley had been killed
in a mine cave-in in Pennsylvania—buried
alive—but only the grace of God had
saved him that night from the poison that
would have seeped through his veins from
Simon Calder’s embalming receptacle.

 Marmon said quietly: “Dr. Roberts
explained it quite fully. Cataleptic trance
has been known since the beginning of
history. It follows a long illness, or an
over-wrought condition—a supreme ef-
fort of nature to rest exhausted nerves.
That night Craven Hartley was enjoying
a profound, refreshing sleep, with all
vital processes relaxed to such low ebb he
seemed to be dead. It is the same now
with Bernice. She is not dead—only sleep-
ing.”

  The physician began: “My boy, you’re
too stunned to realize—”

  Marmon removed a letter from his inner
pocket—the letter Bernice had sent him,
which had stirred such a persistent dread
in his heart—a fear now a thousand times
magnified. He handed it silentiy to Dr.
Fawcett.

  Grant, darling,

    I’m frightfully worried, so worried I
  can’t sleep, can’t rest, can’t think of any-
  thing but one ghastly thing. I’m afraid,
  terribly afraid, that the horrible thing that
The Embalmers

81

  happened to Father will happen to me—
  soon.

    The day after you left, Doug and I went
  for a drive. We met a gypsy caravan. A
  toothless old hag looked at my palm, then
  stared at me in the most uncanny way. She
  said:

    “Your family is cursed with the fate of
  being buried alive.”

   I couldn’t speak—because you know how
  horribly true it is. I had never seen this
  gypsy witch before. She knew nothing
  about me, except what her supernatural
  vision told her. She trembled as she held
  jny hand, and went on:

   “You will die as your father and your
  brothers died. It will happen soon. Destiny
  wills it.”

    Then she ran from me. Her prophecy has
  been haunting me night and day. She only
  spoke the dread that has been in my own
  mind for years but now it has become a
  frightful obsession. Darling, you must un-
  derstand, and must make me a promise.

    Whatever happens to me, don’t let them
  bury me until you are certain I am dead.

                                   Bernice.

"VTARMON said quietly: “Craven Hart-
ley died the horrible death of being
buried alive. Bernice’s oldest brother, Juli-
an, superintending the excavations for the
Lincoln Bridge, was caught in a landslide,
and when they dug him out he was dead.
Kendall, wandering through the West the
next year, was thrown from his horse,
into a bed of quicksand, and he was never
seen again. Everett, foreign correspond-
ent of the Times, was caught in an earth-
quake in Tokio and trapped in a collaps-
ing building. Buried alive, all of them!
Now Bernice—Bernice is sleeping, but
you won’t believe it’s only that—you want
to treat her like a corpse.”

  Dr. Fawcett and Stanley Brainard and
his sister were staring.

  “God in Heaven, it’s what Bernice has
been dreading day and night for years!
Added to that, the horror of the thing
that happened to her father—a fear of
being believed dead while she still lives,

the dread of being thought a corpse and
made one I”

  Marmon straightened. “I’ve made Ber-
nice a promise. I’m going to keep it. I’ll
let no one touch her until I am sure the
spark of life is gone. But she’s not dead
now'. I know she’s not dead.”

  His exhausted nerves sent a surge of
dizziness through his brain. He climbed
the stairs, passed the room where Bernice
was lying so silently, went into his own.
His mind hummed over and over, “She’s
not dead—not dead—” and yet God knew
he was not sure.

  He heard the sound of a motor outside
the house. Quiet voices spoke downstairs,
but he did not stir. Soft footfalls in the
hallway aroused him. Suddenly Marmon
jerked out of his chair, heart pounding
with frenzied alarm. Bernice’s door was
standing open.

  He rushed into her room and stopped
in a paralysis of horror, staring at the tw’o
men who were bending over the bed. Ber-
nice was lying on it, her eyes closed, her
face placid, her lips waxen. Marmon had
left her fully dressed, but these two men
had begun to remove her clothing. They
had thin, preying hands, and cadaverous
faces—like evil angels of Death who had
come to claim their bounty.

  Marmon thrust them back, straddled
between them and the girl on the bed.
“Don’t touch her!”

  Simon Calder, the undertaker who had
prepared the bodies of four Hartleys for
burial in the family cemetery, blinked his
amber eyes. He said in a husky whisper:
“I was called by Doctor Fawcett. I’ve
come to take her away to my—”

  “She’s not dead!” Marmon snapped.
“Do you understand that ? She’s sleeping,
that’s all. If you embalm her now you’ll
murder her with your damnable poisons.
You saw one Hartley rise from the dead,
Calder. I promise you you’ll see another.”
Arthur Dotey, Simon Calder’s rabbit-
62

Dime Mystery Magazine

toothed assistant, moved toward the door.
“I’ll speak to the family, sir.”

  Marmon stared at the open black case
bn the chair—at ghastly things inside it
used to make the preliminary preparations
for embalming. He thrust Dotey into the
hall, gripped Simon Calder’s lapel.

  “Get out of here, both of you ! Get out
of this house! I won’t let you touch her!”
They recoiled from the fierceness of
his eyes. Calder caught up the case of
horrors and retreated down the stairs with
Dotey. Marmon did not move while con-
fused voices sounded in the library—not
until the entrance closed. Through the
window, he saw a shining black hearse
rolling away.

  He turned quietly to the bed. The girl
lay horribly still, her bronze hair splashed
on the pillow, her cheeks white, her lips
faded. There was no breath from her
exquisitely carved nostrils, not the slight-
est sign of life in her heart.

  “Bernice,” he whispered. “Bernice,
darling—sleep—rest.”

  He turned out the lights and left her
lying in the darkness. He closed the door
quietly. Grimly he turned the key and
kept it in his cold, clenched hand.

■JI/TARMON went into Doug Hartley’s
^ room. Remembering that Bernice’s
brother had owned two pistols, he sought
the other. He took it from a drawer.
Grimly he tucked it in his belt and but-
toned his coat.

  He was turning away when Caroline
Brainard came to the sill. “Lieutenant
Carmody is here from police headquar-
ters, Grant. He wants to see you.”
Marmon tried Bernice’s door, to make
sure it was fast, before he went down.
Carmody was a towering, broad-shoul-
dered Irishman with sympathetic eyes.
They sat facing each other near the fire-
place, while Stanley Brainard and his sis-
ter stood by. The detective said quietly:

  “I’ve read your statement, Mr. Mar-
mon. This is very trying for you, I know,
but we must have more information. The
bullet passed completely through young
Hartley, and we haven’t found it. There
are no clear footprints. Whoever did this
thing—”

  “Bernice saw the murderer,” Marmon
pointed out. “She will be able to identify
him beyond all doubt.”

  Carmody started. “But—she’s dead.”
“She’s not dead. She’s only sleeping.
She will waken soon.”

  The detective blinked. “All this is
damned strange, you know,” he resumed.
“Have you any idea why someone began
to open Mrs. Brainard’s grave?”

  “I believe Bernice knows,” Marmon
said. “Perhaps it won’t be long. When
she wakens she’ll tell you with her own
lips.”

  “But—she’s dead.”

  Marmon jerked up. “She’s only sleep-
ing. How many times must I tell you ?
Can’t you hear—can’t you understand?
She’s not dead—only asleep.”

  Carmody muttered: “Yes—yes, of
course. Mr. Marmon, it is most unfor-
tunate to our case. We haven’t a single
clue pointing to the murderer. You de-
clare you are unable to identify him. Only
Miss Hartley saw his face, and now
she’s—” He broke off in confusion.

  “I understand,” Marmon answered,
“Bernice’s identification is the only pos-
sible means of pinning the guilt on the
murderer. She must point him out or he
will never be caught. I intend to do every-
thing possible to help bring the guilty man
to justice—that’s an added reason for
safeguarding her while she’s sleeping,
Lieutenant. But it’s only a question of
time. She’ll waken soon.”

  Carmody muttered a good-night, be-
wildered dismay in his eyes. When he
was gone, Marmon faced Stanley and
Caroline Brainard.
The Embalmert

83

  “No living person other than Bernice
can point out the man guilty of murdering
Doug. Did you hear that clearly? No
living person but Bernice. I’m going to
watch her, day and night, until she revives
and speaks his name. ... You think I’m
mad, don’t you ? They all think I’m mad.
That doesn’t matter.”

  Marmon left the library, his mind reel-
ing with nervous exhaustion. He stopped
at the door of Bernice’s room and again
made sure it was fastened. The key was
in his pocket. He turned to Doug’s study
because it was directly across the hall and
from it he could watch Bernice’s door.

  He went in slowly, wryly eyeing the
bed. There was no dead body lying on it.
They had taken Doug to the dank, odor-
ous morgue—as they wanted to take a
living, sleeping girl to murder her, offi-
cially and stupidly, on a cold, slimy slab.

  A hush had settled in the house. Mar-
mon sank wearily into the desk chair. He
turned aching eyes on the littered blotter.
A sealed legal-size envelope was lying un-
der the light. Startled, Marmon saw his
name scrawled across it in Doug’s flow-
ing script. He snatched it up, ripped it,
drew out a closely typed page.

  Dear Grant,

    I am writing this in case something hap-
  pens to me. I am filled with a dread that
  my mind may fail or—

  A spidery chill crawled along Marmon’s
nerves. An indefinable noise had crossed
the hall. From Bernice’s room. It came
again—a rustle of movement behind the
locked door. A sound that made Marmon
hope, desperately, crazily, that the girl he
loved had risen from the living death.

  Carefully he toe-tipped to the door—
carefully because he remembered a warn-
ing of old Dr. Roberts, dead now these
several years, that a shock at the recovery
stage might mean eternal death for Ber-
nice. His heart hammered wildly as he

slipped the key into the lock. His breath
stopped as he turned it. He opened the
door a crack, without sound—and stood
paralyzed with icy horror.

  A shadow was bending over the girl
on the bed—the silhouette of a hunched
man with one arm upraised, his hand grip-
ping a long-bladed knife. A glow on the
opposite wall outlined him sharply—a
phantom being poised to plunge the gleam-
ing weapon into Bernice’s heart!

HPHE point of the blade glinted down-
ward as Marmon broke .the icy rigid-
ity that held him. He jerked the automatic
out of his belt as he shouldered in. The
thump of the flying door quickly turned
the man at the bed. He was a faceless
shadow, crouching to spring. With savage
swiftness he leaped on Marmon, the knife
slashing. An instant before the black body
collided with his, Marmon fired.

  The horror of the sight had slowed his
finger. The impact of the fighting man
sent the bullet into the wall. He struck
out desperately, warding off the arm that
was driving the blade downward. Twist-
ing away, he warned himself that he must
not shoot again because he might hit Ber-
nice—Bernice, who was not dead but only
deeply sleeping—but the man with the
knife came after him with jungle ferocity.

  Marmon gripped the wrist that held
the weapon, and felt the fabric of a glove.
He was leaning down, striving to wrench
the blade away, when a fist exploded
against the side of his head. He tumbled
to the floor, the world spinning around
him, aware of frantically swift movements
in the gloom. He glimpsed a shadow on
the sill of the window—a black image
that instantly vanished.

  Marmon pulled himself up while ex-
cited voices echoed downstairs. A crash
sounded before the open window, then
running footfalls. Automatic ready, Mar-
mon thrust his head out. A trellis rose
84

Dime Mystery Magazine

against the wall beside the window—the
means by which the assailant had entered.
The darkness below was tempered by the
shine of the entrance lantern, but it was
a dim, baffling glow that revealed nothing
of the escaping man. Marmon turned
back, slapping the window down, and
stopped, gazing in consternation at the
girl on the bed.

  He snapped on the lights to see that
she had not moved. The crack of the
automatic had not disturbed her. Her eyes
were still closed, her face still placid, her
lips waxen. The sheet had been pulled
back to bare her breast for the plunge of
the knife—a breast unstirred by any per-
ceptible breath.

  He forced himself past her, out the
door. He turned the key in the lock be-
fore he bounded down the stairs. Caroline
Brainard was in the lower hall, staring
In bewilderment. The entrance was open.
Marmon, hurrying out, caught a dark
movement near a group of blue spruces,
and sprang toward it The man who
twisted, gasping, out of his grasp was
Stanley Brainard.

  “What’re you doing out here?” Mar-
mon demanded.

  “I heard a noise. What in God’s name
happened? Why are you looking at me
like that?” '

  “I’m not the only one who thinks Ber-
nice is alive. Someone else believes it—
the man who just tried to kill her.”
Brainard stared inarticulately into Mar-
mon’s fierce eyes. Marmon ran along the
garden path, circled back to the entrance.
There was no sign of the fugitive in the
darkness. He had vanished as swiftly, as
completely, as the murderer of Douglas
Hartley had disappeared from the shelter-
ing shadow of the tombstone.

  Marmon thrust past the ashy-faced
Brainard, climbed the stairs, paused at the
room of the girl he loved. He unlocked
the door quietly, stepped in. The change-

lessness of the girl on the bed struck cold
dread into his heart. He bent over her,
called her name softly, but her waxen lips
gave no response. In despair he turned
away, his eyes aching—and he saw the
knife.

  It was lying in the center of the room,
where Marmon had fallen—a curved
blade, needle-pointed, razor-sharp. Mar-
mon’s blood pounded hotly as he covered
his hand with his handkerchief, took its
carved ebony handle into his fingers.
Quickly he left the room, locking the door
behind him.

  At the end of the hall he thrust into the
room occupied by Stanley Brainard. It
was cluttered with relics from the four
corners of the earth—spears, swords,
shields. Directly over Brainard’s desk a
copper scabbard was hanging. It was the
sheath into which this curved murder
blade fitted.

  Marmon’s jaw-muscles bulged as he
went down the stairs. He strode directly
to Brainard at the fireplace. He said
tightly:

  “This is yours. It came from your room.
I got it away from the man who tried to
kill Bernice.”

  Brainard blurted: “Kill her? She’s
already dead. You must be mad!”

  Marmon went on grimly. “There must
be a reason why you insist Bernice is
dead. She and Doug had a quarter mil-
lion each, left them in trust, by their
mother. There is no doubt of Doug’s
death. His share goes to Bernice if Ber-
nice is living. She’s the last of the Hart-
leys and if she dies, the estate goes to
you, Brainard, by the terms of the will.”
Brainard choked: “In God’s name, you
can’t think me capable—”

  “You love luxury. You’ve stayed in
this house since Letitia’s death, reveling
in its comforts. You like to satiate your-
self with rich amusements on the sly. But
she didn’t leave you much—only a modest
The Embalmers

85

income. Not enough—is that it, Brain-
ard?”

  “You can’t say that!”

  “You began to think, ‘Perhaps Bernice
is still alive.’ That one vital fact would
keep half a million out of your hands.
You thought, ‘Everyone else believes she’s
dead and they think Marmon is mad—I’ll
make sure.’ Perhaps a little bribe paid
to Simon Calder would keep everyone
from learning about the knife-wound.
One hard thrust, into Bernice’s heart, and
you’d be sure of the half million, Brain-
ard!”

  Brainard snapped: “You don’t know
what you’re saying!”

  Marmon said grimly: “There is one
thing we must not forget. Bernice saw
the man who killed Doug. That’s why he
came back to make sure she would never
live to identify him—but she will. She’ll
speak his name. She’ll rise to name the
murderer.”

CHAPTER THREE

Drug of Doom

A SOFT knock echoed in the room
where Bernice Hartley lay uncannily
still, where Grant Marmon sat a grim
sentry at the portals of doom.

  A day of torture had passed—and now
the beginning of another night of torment.
Marmon had not opened the bolted door.
He had not eaten, had not slept. All the
while the girl had lain motionless, shroud-
ed with silence—silence disturbed now by
the rap on the door.

  “It’s Caroline,” a quiet voice said.
“You can’t keep this up, Grant. If you
insist on staying there to watch her, per-
haps you’d like coffee. I’ve brought some.
Please open the door.”

  Marmon pulled himself up. He braced
the door with his foot as he opened it.
He put trembling hands on a silver tray

bearing a pot of coffee and a cup. “It
won’t be long—I’m sure it won’t.” At
once he shot the bolt.

  “Grant, won’t you come out?” Caroline
asked through the panels. “Won’t you lie
down and rest ?”

 “Rest!” Marmon snapped. “The mo-
ment I close my eyes they’ll come for her
like vultures. I can’t let myself sleep.”
He poured the cup full of steaming cof-
fee and gulped it down. It seemed weak
and strangely acrid, but Marmon took a
second cup and a third. He gazed tenderly
at the girl on the bed who lay so still. He
had begun to dread to turn his eyes upon
her. “The one infallible test of death,”
he had read it somewhere—the words
haunted Marmon. “The putrefaction of
the body. . . .” Marmon tore his eyes
away. . . .

  The coffee was having no stimulating
effect on him. Instead, he found it harder
to fight off sleep. . . . The letter Douglas
Hartley had written. Marmon drew it
from his pocket. He had read and reread
it, feeling that somewhere between its
lines the answer to the murder riddle lay
—an enigma which only Bernice could
answer. His aching eyes jerked from
word to word as he strove again to solve
its riddle.

  ... I am filled with a dread that my mind
  may fail, or that the doom of the accursed
  Hartleys may claim me.

   You remember Dad’s wedding gift to
  Mother, the diamond necklace which Dad
  had made according to his own desiga
  Mother loved it so much she stipulated in
  her will that it was to be buried with her.
  We all saw it at her throat when the lid
  of the casket was bolted down. We know
  the necklace went with her into her grave.

 Marmon shook his head to clear his
senses. Fatigue was spinning a blinding
web before his stinging eyes. He forced
himself to read on:

    The next day after Bernice became so
86

Dime Mystery Magazine

  upset by tbe gypsy’s prophecy—she and I
  went to dinner at Mrs. Marston’s. Mrs.
  Marston’s house guest was Mrs. Livermore,
  from Chicago. Bernice and I kept staring
  at the diamond necklace Mrs. Livermore
  was wearing It was Mother’s—we kept
  telling ourselves it was impossible—bat we
  knew it was Mother’s.

    We asked Mrs. Livermore polite ques-
  tions. She had bought the necklace from a
  reputable jeweler. When she allowed me to
  examine it more closely, I looked at the
  clasp. Mother had had hers engraved—“C
  to L.” I was almost delirious with relief
  .when I saw the clasp of Mrs. Livermore’s
  necklace was not enscribed at all. But then
  she explained:

     “I had the clasp replaced when f bought
  it. The original was initialed—‘C to L,’ I
  think.”

     Understand, Grant, the necklace itself is
   not the vital thing to us. It was Mother’s
   but now it is, somehow, rightly Mrs. Liver-
   more’s. To Bernice and me it was an indi-
   cation of something else, the syttfbal of a
   fear striking at the very roots of our minds.
   We kept asking ourselves, “What has hap-
   pened, what has happened?” Somehow, we
   must learn the answer or else we'H go mad.

  The page was blearing before Mar-
mon’s eyes. He fought the numbness that
iwas enveloping him and stated at the
swimming words.

    You remember, Grant, how profoundly
  Mother was" disturbed by Dad’s "death”—
  how she dreaded the same horror happen-
  ing to her. She made us promise that, when
  the time came, and she seemed to have died,
  we would »ot permit her body tp be em-
  balmed. We granted her wish, sftid waited
  until at last we were sure, and we were
  sure when we buried her. Yet—is she lying
  there in her grave now? Or was she still
  alive when her casket was lowered into the
  grave—and did someone know it—aud was
  she, somehow, disinterred—and Is she alive
  now, somewhere in this world, hidden from
  us by a secret cloud that rose with her at
  her resurrection?

    The necklace—we always come back to
  the necklace. What does it mean ? How can
  it exist in the land of the living while Moth-
  er remains in the realm of the dead? That

   is the thought torturing us. Is Mother dead
   and in her grave, or is her coffin empty?

 Marmon’s head was whirling. He
opened the window, drew deep breaths.
The fresh air cleared his senses a little.

    Bernice and I have desperately tried to
  think it out logically—but there is no logic.
  There is only the horrible conviction that
  our dead is not dead, that the grave is
  vacant. Yes, we tried. First we questioned
  Simon Calder.

    “You saw the necklace at her throat when
  I closed the casket,” Calder said, “and you
  remained with her until the grave was
  filled.”

    We even dared confront Stanley Brain-
  ard. “Was the necklace we buried with
  Mother the real one?” we asked him. “Had
  artificial stones been substituted without
  Mother’s knowing the difference?" It was
  tantamount to accusing him of theft and,
  of course, he denied it. Yet I wonder—

 Marmon blurted: “God! I can’t let my-
self break now. They’re waiting—wait-
ing for it. If I let myself go, they’ll take
Bernice away. They’ll kill her—kill her
with their stupidity—if I don’t keep hold
of myself.”

    Wonder—horrible uncertainty—it is con-
  suming our minds. We can’t endure it any
  longer. The only way we may be sure is
  to open Mother's grave, yet God knows we
  can’t do that. Whether her casket is empty
  or whether she is lying in it—God help us
  —will we ever learn?

                               Doug.

TI/TARMON groped to the door, gazing
in despair at the girl lying so still,
so white on the bed. Bernice’s mother
had lain like that, day after day, while
her tortured children waited for the cer-
tainty of her death—certainty that now,
months later, a dead son was questioning.
Perhaps Bernice would never rise. Per-
haps hers was the sleep of eternity. Per-
haps . . .

 Marmon tried to make no sound as he
The Embalmers

87

turned the key in the lock and went along
the hallway. Quietly he entered the room
that had been Letitia Brainard’s. It was
musty as if filled with the breath of a
tomb. Scarcely able to find his way to the
desk, Marmon fumbled an old scrap book
from a drawer and turned to a photograph
of a diamond necklace.

  A ragged line of type on the yellowed
clipping announced that this halftone pic-
tured Craven Hartley’s wedding present
to his wife. The highlights grew blind-
ingly bright in Marmon’s eyes, moved and
danced before him, bewitched things
swirling like storm-torn constellations—
stars waltzing through cosmic space black
as all eternity. Profound darkness poured
into Marmon’s mind. . . .

  Far, far away he heard footfalls and
voices—sounds from another world—as
he strove to rise, but he could not move.
An interminable period passed—ages and
eons—before he felt volition returning to
him. When he forced himself up unstead-
ily the footsteps and voices were gone—
the house was hushed.

  He started toward Bernice’s door—
then, a sob breaking from his lips, he
flung himself forward. Her room door
was standing open! He stumbled in, star-
ing at the bed where she had lain—a bed
now empty. He shouted “Bernice!” as he
swayed to the window and stared down
to see fresh tire tracks in the driveway.
"Bernice!” as he twisted back in terror.

  He stopped short, staring at the silver
coffee pot standing on the tray. A cold
suspicion helped clear his mind. A trickle
of the dark brew remained in it—and a
half-melted tablet. He propelled himself
out of the room as quick footfalls came
up the stairs.

  He gripped Caroline Brainard’s shoul-
ders. “Where is she? Where have they
taken her? You drugged me—you put
something in my coffee so you could steal
her away—”

  The woman sobbed: “Please, Grant.
You were on the point of collapse. It was
just a few sleeping tablets. We were sure
about Bernice—it was too horrible—you
were driving yourself mad—”

  “You fool, you fool!” Marmon shook
the woman. “Where is she? Where have
they taken her?”

  “It’s too late, Grant!” she screeched.
“Simon Calder took her away. Do you
hear? It’s too late!”

  Marmon sped down the stairs, jerked
out the entrance, ran reelingly to the
garage. He fell into his roadster, twisted
blindly at the ignition, kicked at the start-
er. With the engine roaring he whirled
down the drive, hurled the car into the
boulevard. In insane haste he started to-
ward the mortuary of Simon Clader.

  "It’s too late!”

  Pavement flowed under the headlights
in a blurring stream. It was a delirium,
long and maddening, while Marmon flew
interminably through empty space. Yet,
the cold rushing wind cleared his brain
and when he drew near the amber lighted
house he acted with consummate caution.

  The mortuary was a somber dwelling
of the dead shrouded by the funereal glow
of its chapel windows. Marmon stole to-
ward a shining black hearse which sat
backed to broad doors at the rear. The
hearse was open and empty. Marmon
crept to a door set in a whitewashed wall.
He brought the automatic into his hand
as he stepped into a cement corridor that
was cold and reeking with the scent of
death.

 Behind another door movements
sounded, lowered voices spoke. With the
utmost care Marmon turned the knob and
opened a crack. He looked into the em-
balming chamber.

Two men were at work near an enamel
table—Simon Calder and Arthur Dotey.
They were adjusting a tank full of pre-
servative fluid, uncoiling rubber hose. A
Dime Mystery Magazine

sharp surgical implement was in Calder’s
hand as he bent forward—-a blade used to
•open the veins of corpses for the admis-
sion of the embalming poison. He half
turned away and Marmon saw the nude
girl on the slab—Bernice.

  “Don’t touch her!”

f I 'HE men jerked up, twisting around.

•	The knife, dropping from Calder’s
hand, rang on the cement floor. Dotey
retreated, his face whiter than that of the
girl. Marmon’s gun covered them as Tie
tnade sure, swiftly, that the keen edge of
the knife had not yet marred Bernice’s
•smooth skin. He straightened grimly
when Calder said acidly:

  “If you don’t go, you’ll suffer for it.”

  Marmon felt along the wall, twisted a
knob., opened a closet. It was cluttered
with the ghastly appurtenances of the
embalming chamber. He stepped to the
side of the table where the girl lay, his
gun waving. “Get in there, both of you,”
he ordered. “I swear to God I’ll shoot
you if you don’t.”

  The two men retreated into the closet.
Dotey was quaking with .fear. Simon
Calder’s narrowed eyes gleamed venom-
ously. Marmon blotted away their faces
with the dopr, dragged a chair close,
braced it under the knob. Then he turned
to the girl who lay naked on the table,
still and cold.

  Marmon brought a robe from the hearse
and whipped it over her. He lifted her in
his arms, a waxen, limp burden. He car-
ried her out of the chamber, through the
darkness, to his car. As he placed her
itenderly beside him’- he realized that Cal-
der and Dotey were even then striving to
break out of the closet, that a few seconds
anight bring the police.

  The hot motor caught at once. Marmon
cut sharply f rom the curb, seeking dark
streets, traveling swiftly as he dared, the

  name of Bernice on his lips—-unspoken
because she could not answer.

   “But she isn’t dead . . . she isn’t dead.”

  When Marmon turned down a rough
dirt road, an eternity later, a lake rippled
in the beams of his headlamps. He braked
at a log cottage by the water’s edge. The
air was cold and the camps, Marmon
knew, were deserted by their summer
tenants. He had often swum here with
Bernice, and canoed in the moonlight.

  He broke the lock. He took her into
his arms and carried her into the deep
gloom inside. He placed her on a bed,
wrapped the robe snugly around her,
looked long at her white, still face.

  “Rest, Bernice—-rest, darling.”

  He left her in the silent darkness, his
heart as cold as hers, and drove away
alone.

CHAPTER FOUIl

Ghoul’s Gamble

TTHE private cemetery of the Hartleys
lay hushed among the pines, its sigh-
ing serenity disturbed only by the mourn-
ful calling of owls. The grave of Letitia
Hartley Brainard yawned in .the dark-
ness, untouched since tlie body of her mur-
dered son had been lifted from its shallow
depths.

  He had wound his way along unfre-
quented back roads, had descended into
the valley of the dead while avoiding the
house. Cautious that men from headquar-
ters might be standing guard, he listened
to every furtive night-sound. Sure at last
he was alone, he went with slow, quiet
steps to the half-opened grave.

  The shovel used by Douglas Hartley
had been taken away by the police, but
Marmon had brought another, small and
collapsible, from the kit of his car. He
lowered himself into the grave. He drove
the blade into the earth and worked with-
The Embalmers

89

out a light, listening tautly, his nerves
burning with anxiety.

  Bit by bit Marmon deepened the cavity.
His every sense snapped to alertness when
the steel struck something hard with a
hollow muffled sound. He felt a damp
board—the lid of the coffin of Bernice’s
mother.

  Each scrape of the shovel over the wood
seemed to rasp along Marmon’s spine.
He brought a heavy screwdriver from his
pocket and worked at the fastenings of
the cover—an exhausting, awkward or-
deal. He struggled up, pried the lid loose,
heaved it out of the hollow. The casket
of Letitia Hartley Brainard lay exposed.

  Marmon plied a wrench at the bolts of
the headpiece, panting with the effort.
Sharp, creaking sounds, the protest of
rusty metal aroused an echoing stir
among the trees. One by one Marmon
loosened the studs, twisted them free. He
fingered at the hinged section, bracing
with all his strength, lifting it.

  He paused, nauseated by the fetidity
that swirled around him. Thought of
facing the thing that lay beneath him now
—or the emptiness that would mock him
with a greater mystery—was an almost
unbearable pain. He forced himself lit-
tle by little toward the inevitable moment.
The light gleamed.

  One short moment, then it was out.
Marmon kept his position, stunned with
the certainty that he could never forget
the thing he had seen. It was not a face,
nothing that could ever have been human
—but it was there. The light had revealed,
in repellant horror, all that was left of
a woman who had met the infallible proof
of death. And in the bright shine, during
that incredible moment, the stones of a
necklace had twinkled.

  Marmon reached into the casket. His
soul revolted while he strove to find the
necklace. He groped in darkness, finger-
tips stretching a fraction of an inch at a

time—and at the first touch of precious
metal, he tore back. He had it—had it
in his numb, trembling hand—the neck-
lace!

  With mad haste he thrust it into his
pocket, pushed the leaf down. Rapidly,
but with almost tender care, he twisted
the bolts tight. He lowered the wooden
cover, replaced it, swung the shovel.
Quickly he refilled the grave to its former
level—and as he was climbing out, he
heard footfalls along the path.

  Marmon heaved up breathless, clutch-
ing the automatic. The footfalls stopped
abruptly. A gruff voice called: “Who’s
that?” A blinding beam of light shot
through the trees. It shafted upon Mar-
mon as he whirled into a stumbling run.
With the flash beam wavering behind him,
he plunged among the trees while a man
gave hard chase.

  A hand gripped Marmon’s arm. Lieu-
tenant Carmody studied Marmon’s hag-
gard face, his sharp eyes glittering.
“What have you been doing, Marmon ?”
Marmon snapped: “Let go of me!”
Carmody answered: “I stopped in the
house to pick you up. The chief wants to
talk to you. There are no witnesses to
bear out your statement, you know—it
doesn’t sound straight to us. We want to
find out if you had a reason—sane or in-
sane—for killing Douglas Hartley.”

“He was the brother of the girl I love.”
“We’re wondering,” Carmody said,
“whether that isn’t what killed her—the
shock of seeing her fiance murder her
brother.”

T^HE drive of Marmon’s fist into Car-
mody’s face was an explosive protest
he could not control. The detective
blurred back in the darkness. The light
dropped from Carmody’s hand as Mar-
mon savagely struck again. Marmon fell
on him, snatched the gun Carmody was
90

Dime Mystery Magazine

fumbling to get, hurled it far among the
trees. Then, madly, he ran into the maze
of shadows.

  Marmon drove with mad shrewdness
and speed. He kept to the back roads.
With the radio playing, he waited for
some hint of an alarm that the police had
ordered a hunt for him, but none came.
He pulled to a stop, at last, in front of
an apartment building.

  He left the elevator at the seventh
floor, went to a door, knocked insistently.
This was the apartment of a man whom
Marmon knew—the jeweler from whom
he had purchased Bernice’s engagement
ring, who had years earlier, fashioned the
Hartley necklace. A sleepy voice asked
through the panels:

  “Who is it?”

  “Grant Marmon. Open the door.”

  He stepped past a white-headed man
whose beard was ruffled by sleep. Mar-
mon, looking around, said “Wait!” He
strode into the bathroom, held the neck-
lace in a stream of water, until it was
quite clean.

  “Look at that,” he directed.

  The old man took it into blue-veined
fingers. He shook his hoary head, ambled
to a desk, fixed a lens in his eye.

  “Paste,” he said.

  Marmon thrlist the necklace into his
pocket, strode out. He went to his car
warily. He turned into the highway lead-
ing to the Hartley estate.

  The sedative still numbed his mind,
but he forced himself to think. When he
reached a side road near the Hartley
home, he left the roadster lightless,
climbed a stone wall, crossed a field
toward lighted windows. He entered the
garden stealthily, looked into the library.

  Carmody was there, one cheek marked
by a cut, talking earnestly to Stanley
Brainard. Marmon strained to catch each
word.

  "He can’t be far away. He couldn’t

have taken the girl a very long distance
and he wouldn’t leave her. I'm going to
let him think he’s getting away with it
while I build up a case. In any event,
removing a dead body is a serious of-
fense.”

 Dead body! The mocking words
turned Marmon’s thoughts again to the
girl lying alone and still.

  “Suppose he hated Douglas Hartley
without letting on—hated Hartley enough
to kill, for some reason we haven’t found
out yet—but he loved the girl. Marmon
didn’t intend her to see him commit the
murder, but she did. The shock of it
killed her. That’s why he can’t admit
even to himself he’s responsible for the
death of the girl he loved.”

  Stanley Brainard insisted: “It’s not
rational—the way he insists my step-
daughter is still alive. Perhaps a des-
perate need for money—a crazy attempt
to transfer the whole Hartley fortune to
Bernice, so he could marry into it. He de-
nies she’s dead because if he admits the
fact, he knows his murder was in vain—
he’s lost it all.”

  Carmody answered: “I’m playing it
slow and careful. That’s the way to han-
dle an insane person—let him hang him-
self. Well—good night.”

  Marmon sidled out of the glow of the
entrance lantern as the door opened.
Carmody trudged out. A car ground
down the drive. Marmon drifted around
the house, opened the way quietly, went
along the hall with slow tread. He was in
the living-room before Brainard was
aware of it.

T1RAINARD started, grew white as a
sheet. "Grant! The police are look-
ing for you. You’ve gone too far—
you’ve betrayed yourself.”

  Marmon asked tightly: "How much
did you get for the necklace, Brainard?”
Brainard mumbled: "What?”
The Embalmers

91

  Marmon heard Caroline Brainard
come into the room behind him. His eyes
leveled at Brainard’s cold and intense, as
he stood with fists clenched. He went
on tightly:

  “The necklace—Letitia Hartley’s—cost
two hundred thousand. The paste dupli-
cate was much less, wasn’t it?—-and she
never knew the difference. We all thought
it was real when it was buried with her—
except you. I have it here— would you
like to see it?”

  “Good God, Grant f” Brainard ex-
claimed. “You’re accusing me—”

  The necklace glimmered in Marmon’s
palm. “Sold to one fence, then to an-
other, then to a jeweler, and finally to a
woman named Livermore—a deadly cir-
cle, Brainard, and it trapped you. You
understood why Bernice and Doug were
so disturbed lately. You remembered the
questions they’d asked you about the
necklace. You wanted to remove the cas-
ket from the grave. You were afraid of
going to prison, Brainard—so afraid you
committed murder to escape it.”

  “You are mad!”

  Marmon took a slow step forward.
"Madmen are dangerous, Brainard. They
stop at nothing—yes, I’m like that now.
I’m going to beat the truth out of you.”
“Grant!” Caroline Brainard protested
with breathless anxiety. "If you strike
him. I’ll call the police.”

  He looked around. The woman had
already lifted the telephone receiver. Her
face was ashen, her eyes terrorized. Mar-
mon knew she would keep her promise.
It was not fear of arrest that brought
Mm to a pause, but thought of Bernice.
c*nce jailed, he would be powerless to stop
them.

  “You’re right, Caroline,” Marmon said
quietly. “After all, it’s not necessary.
Bernice saw the man who murdered
Doug. She has only to speak his name
when she wakens.”

  He strode out the entrance. As he
trudged across the garden he felt a dewy
chill along his spine. A cold instinctive
warning that he was being watched per-
sisted even when he suddenly left the
path, leaped the wall, and cut across the
field to the car.

  He sped toward the lake, winding
through the back roads, at once haunted
by the sensation that he was being fol-
lowed and driven by a consuming anxiety
to reach Bernice, but when he swung
near the water he felt sure he had shaken
the unseen trailer.

  She was lying in the darkness, still as
he had left her, silent as the night that
shrouded her. He knelt at her side. He
fought down a mounting grief, a despair
that threatened to overwhelm him, as her
name rose yearningly to his lips.

  “Bernice. . . . Bernice. ...”

  A sound? For a long moment he:dared
not raise his head. Had he heard a whis-
pered word? Had those cold lips spoken?
Perhaps it was only his fevered imagina-
tion tricking him, the madness of his
mind mocking him, that wraith of sound
still hovering in the air.

 “Water____”

CHAPTER FIVE

Black House of Death

TRADING embers lay on the hearth.

    Yellow lights filled the living-room of
the Hartley house with a soft glow.
Quiet, even footfalls disturbed the still-
ness of the early morning hours—Stan-
ley Brainard walking back and forth, in
front of the fireplace. His sister sat
watching him, her eyes compassionate,
her lips working with unspoken words
until at last she said:

  “You wouldn’t keep the truth from me,
Stanley.”

  Brainard paused. Tires were gritting
92

Dime Mystery Magazine

in the driveway. He opened the entrance
as the car stopped. Dr. Fawcett shivered
with the chill of the coming dawn.

  “You’re mad,” he said. “The house is
full of irrational people. Calling me out
of bed at this hour of the night.”

  “I’ve got to be sure,” Brainard plead-
ed. “I want to know definitely, once and
for all, whether Bernice Hartley is really
dead. If it’s possible Marmon’s right, if
it’s possible she’s still alive—”

  Fawcett grunted. “Do you want de-
tails ? I made the ausculation test. I held
a mirror at the girl’s nostrils, and no dew
gathered. I placed a downy feather on her
upper lip, and it did not stir. I placed a
saucer of water on her chest, and there
wasn’t a ripple. Those are respiratory
proofs, Mr. Brainard.”

  “Yes?”

  The physician’s scowl deepened. “The
conjunctiva of her eye had become in-
sensitive. There was a loss of body heat.
The cadaver exhibited primary flaccidity
giving way to rigor mortis. The post-
mortem lividities were in evidence. Pu-
trefactive changes are sure to follow.”
“Is there any reason, doctor—” Brain-
ard asked it carefully—“any reason why
you would wish to believe Bernice dead
though she were really in a state of cata-
leptic trance?”

  Again the physician officiously cleared
his throat. “I am a man of science,” he
answered. “I am stating facts. I did not
come here, Mr. Brainard, to be insulted.”
A quiet step turned them. Their eyes
widened at the young man who appeared
on the sill. His cheeks were darkened
with a beard, his eyes haggard with ex-
haustion. His shoulders were sagging and
he was trembling as if with the chill of the
dawn. It was Marmon.

  “I’ve brought her back,” he said.
Caroline Brainard rose tensely from her
chair. She came slowly to Marmon, then

tried to pass him. He stopped her with
an out-stretched arm.

  “Where is she, Grant?”

  “Upstairs. In her room. Please don’t
go up now.”

  The woman faltered: “We didn’t hear
you come in.”

  “The side door,” he explained. “I didn’t
want anyone to see. Stay here, won’t you
—all of you ?”

  Brainard and Fawcett watched him si-
lently as he went to the telephone. He
opened the telephone book, thumbed down
a column. They saw him guide his finger
with difficulty as he spun the dial.

  “Is that the Simon Calder Mortuary?”
He squared his shoulders. “Is that Mr.
Simon Calder speaking?” He took a slow,
laborious breath. “This is Grant Marmon.
I am at the Hartley house, Mr. Calder.
You had best—come at once.”

  Brainard was studying Marmon’s face
while his own was eaten deep with black
lines. Dr. Fawcett went to Marmon with
an elaborately gentle gesture.

  “Let me give you something to ease
your nerves, my boy. You’ve got to rest
or—”

  “I’m all right.” Marmon brought him-
self erect. “There’s nothing to do but
wait for Simon Calder.

  Marmon eyed them intently. They low-
ered themselves uneasily into chairs, lis-
tening for the first sound of a car in the
drive. The dimming coals in the fireplace
made faint crinkling noises. The mantel
clock ticked softly. Surprisingly soon the
hum of an engine approached the house.

  It was Lieut. Carmody. He came in
warily as Marmon stood back. “I had a
report you were here,” he said quietly.
“Now then, come along.”

  “In just a little while, lieutenant. We
are waiting. Simon Calder is due here.

fPHE light in Marmon’s eyes was so
strange the detective made no move
I The Embalmers__

 j

to stop him. He walked back to the living-
room. Carmody entered it, rubbing his
numb hands, still eying Marmon alertly.
Brainard said quietly:

   “He’s brought her back.”

  “We’re waiting," Marmon repeated,
“for Simon Calder. Lieutenant, are you
going to press charges against me? For
assaulting an officer, I mean?"

   “I can overlook that,” Carmody an-
swered wryly. “I want a confession.”
Marmon made a groping gesture. ‘Tit’s
a little difficult, lieutenant I’m not quite
sure of everything that happened. It seems
like a nightmare, most of it. It will be
hard to separate the real from the unreal.”
Carmody nodded. “Take your time,
Marmon.”

   Now the sound of another car was pene-
trating the hush of the dawn. Marmon
turned quietly to the entrance. Holding
the door wide, he watched the hearse ap-
proach. Bright, shining black, it backed
to the house. Dotey climbed down from
the wheel and opened the rear doors.
Simon Calder came toward Marmon car-
rying his black case.

   The undertaker’s narrowed eyes gleamed
hostility as Marmon followed him along
the hall. He paused to ask, “Where is
‘she?” Marmon gestured and answered:
!“Go into the living-room first, Mr. Cal-
j der.” The undertaker lowered his case,

| went through the door uncertainly. Mar-
j mon faced them all.

; “I have already asked Lieutenant Car-
i mody a question I must ask you, too, Mr.
Calder,” he said. “Are you going to
charge me with felonious assault ?"

   Calder answered: “I would be fully jus-
j tified. I consider it an outrage. I’ll prom-
ise you nothing.”

   The bitter twist returned to Marmon’s
Ups. To Carmody he said: “You are seek-
j ing a murderer, lieutenant, and you be-
lieve I am guilty. I have also been hunt-
ing him, and I suspected Stanley Brain-

93

ard. Only one person ever knew the truth,
other than the murderer himself—Bernice
Hartley. You wish a confession, lieuten-
ant, and perhaps you'll have it. We may
be sure of one fact. The murderer is here
in this room, now.”

  Marmon’s gaze turned to Stanley
Brainard during a moment’s tight hush.
“I’ll give you all the facts, Lieutenant Car-
mody—clean-cut and conclusive, all of
them. Or perhaps Mr, Calder will give
them to you instead.”

  The undertaker snapped: “What the
devil are you talking about?”

  “The necklace,” Marmon answered
quietly. “A week passed between Letitia
Brainard’s death and her burial—all the
time needed for the making of the dupli-
cate. You used the newspaper photograph
as a pattern. You handled the exchange
very deftly, because none of us suspected
the necklace placed in the casket was
paste.”

  The twinkling string dangled from Mar-
mon’s extended hand.

  “And you knew Bernice and Douglas
Hartley had discovered it. You were
warned by the questions they asked you.
You watched them for fear the truth
would be revealed. That’s why you hid
night after night in the cemetery, near the
grave containing a corpse you’d robbed.
It meant ruin and prison for you, Calder
—that’s why you stopped Douglas Hartley
with a bullet.” _

  Calder was standing rigid, his eyes
stony. “Let him finish. He’s mad. You
can see it in his eyes. He’s accusing me
to shield himself.”

  Marmon pressed on grimly. “How
often have you done that, Calder—robbed
the bodies entrusted to you? Many per-
sons want to take their treasures to the
grave with them. The cemeteries of the
world hide untold fortunes in jewels bur-
ied with their owners. You’ve stolen from
the dead again and again, haven’t you,
94

Dime Mystery Magazine

Calder? You were afraid it would all
come out with the opening of Letitia
Brainard’s casket.”

  Calder repeated contemptuously: “He’s
mad.”

  Marmon’s fist clenched on the false
stones. “You tried to kill Bernice too be-
cause she saw you fire the shot! Your
bullet missed, and you had to rush from
the cemetery because I was coming—but
you were playing in luck, weren’t you,
Calder? You came back to knife a girl
who a doctor swore was dead, because you
didn’t dare wait. A wound only you would
have seen, and you would have said noth-
ing! You filthy devil—”

  The undertaker sneered. “You haven’t
the slightest proof of what you say. You
admit yourself the girl is the only eye-
witness and she’s—”

  He broke off in a gasp. His widened
eyes gazed past Marmon, through the
door. Dr. Fawcett stood transfixed. Lieu-
tenant Carmody muttered a broken
prayer. Stanley Brainard recoiled. His
sister swayed as if about to faint. A rustle
sounded as a girl paused in the doorway.

  Her face had lost the pallor of death.
Her lips were ripe red again, her cheeks
rich with color. Her eye6 were bright, her
manner composed. She was fully, smartly
clothed, glowing with refreshed vitality.
She smiled as she came to Marmon’s side.

  “Bernice,” he asked quietly, “whom did
you see kill your brother?”

  “Simon Calder.”

HPHE undertaker broke away from his
position so violently, so suddenly, a
chair toppled to its side. He twisted
toward the door, dragging a revolver from
his hip pocket. Consternation held Car-
mody motionless until the weapon was
leveled. Calder waved it, covering every
person facing him, backing to the door.

  “What are you going to do, Calder?”
he asked quietly. “Do you think you can

get away now? It’s too late—much too
late.”

  Calder was turning the black muzzle at
Bernice. His wizened body was trem-
bling, drawing taut. An insane fury
smouldered in his eyes as he began to
squeeze the trigger. The hammer of the
revolver rose .... rose. . . .

  The gun cracked at the instant Marmon
leaped. Calder lurched, arms upthrown.
The bullet furrowed into the ceiling and
flakes of plaster rained. Bernice Hartley
clung breathless to Marmon’s arm. Cal-
der, whirled into the hall, was pointing the
revolver again. Marmon stood in front
of the girl, protecting her, as Carmody
turned to the French windows.

  The detective slipped out into the grey
light as Calder sped to the entrance. The
undertaker drew up with a gasp, glimps-
ing Carmody at the side of the hearse.
Carmody’s one hand was on the steering
wheel, defying Calder to touch it; his other
was leveling his police positive. Calder
pointed his revolver full at the detective’s
chest, flattening against the black side of
the hearse.

  “Don’t stop me,” he warned.

  Backing, Calder suddenly spun—to face
Marmon. Marmon was coming out the
entrance. He took slow steps toward Cal-
der, smiling tensely, his advance challeng-
ing the gun. Calder retreated before the
inexorable sureness of Marmon’s deliber-
ate march. The undertaker whirled, eyes
flashing with terror, and sprang to the
step of the hearse. He lunged in, pulling
the black doors shut.

  A muffled shot boomed inside the car-
rier of the dead.

  Marmon turned away. Bernice was in
his arms. He held her close, hungry for
the warm softness of lips that once had
been cold, looking into clear, bright eyes
that once had been closed as if forever.
Her vitality brought ease to hi3 soul.

  “You see,” he said, “she was only sleep-
* 1)
mg.

THE END
LOCKED IN WITH DEATH

Terror held a great city in its paralyzing grip while girls, whose verf
youth and beauty condemned them to horrible death, cowered alone
behind locked doors—where their danger was greatest!

By Dale Clark

(Author of “My Friend the Corpse," etc.)

 HORROR hung like a black pall The curtainless squad cars patrolling the
 over Chicago that January of pavements! The lines of people in the
 1936. A horror that centered over stores clamoring for locks—the newest,
 Rogers Park, the northerly and fairly af- strongest, guaranteed to be pick-proof
 fluent district where the outrages centered, locks! The grim-faced husbands who

95
96

Dime Mystery Magazine

crouched behind those locks night after
night clutching their ready, freshly
greased, loaded revolvers!

  And the uselessness of locks and
guns. . . .

  Sleepless and infuriated men rode the
El in the mornings, each glaring at his
neighbor with hot suspicion. The wan,
terrified faces of girls who fled on tap-
tapping heels through the wintry dusk to
barricade themselves in their kitchenette
apartments—where they should have been
safe, and where actually the danger was
greatest t

  The stark, screaming, inky headlines on
the papers. The descent of swarms of
newspaper hustlers upon some silent
street in the dead of night, and the fierce
brawling of their voices thundering up to
the lighted windows:

  "Fiend in de block! Hey, uxtry, read-
allaboutit! Fiend in dis block!”

  The cordons of police closing in—under
the personal supervision of Detective Lieu-
tenant Clubb, in charge of the Special De-
tail—but finding nothing. Absolutely
nothing. Except, of course, the latest vic-
tim. . . .

T^HE night club singer, lying nude on
the floor of her apartment—horribly
bruised and mutilated, her blood besplat-
tering the walls of the room, her throat
torn as if by the claws or fangs of some
enormously powerful animal. Her doors
and windows were locked.... The actress,
her sac de nuit ripped to shreds, and her
body shredded by those fangs or claws.
Her windows were fastened and the doors
locked with new locks. . . . The dancer—
she had her door locked and barred, and
the windows nailed down!

  It was the dancer who lived to gasp
out a few words. “Circle of fire. . . .
phantom. . . .” What could that mean?

  There were others. False alarms, to be
sure. In no part of the city could a purse

be snatched, or a woman frightened by a
shadow, but the cry of “Fiend!” was
raised. Discount also the stories told by
hysterical or publicity seeking women who
claimed to have beaten off the monster’s
attack. The real cases followed closely to
a grim pattern.

  The terror of it! A wild scream ring-
ing out in some apartment building; a
sound of furniture smashing, frightful
cries and snarls as the brief struggle pro-
ceeded ; the onrush of neighbors breaking
down the door—then, no sign or trace of
the fiend! How could that be ? The man
or animal, or whatever it was, must have
been covered with the victim's blood. How
did it pass through the police net?

  And the circumstances—so similar, so
baffling! Always the victims were young
and beautiful women, and with the mys-
terious allure which is called “sex ap-
peal.” Generally, the attacker swooped
upon them late at night. Yet there were
the two brides whose husbands worked
in the Loop—they were slain by broad
daylight. Generally, too, the fiend found
his prey alone—though once two girls,
and again a man and his wife, were de-
stroyed.

  Always the firmly locked doors and
windows! And, invariably, a radio turned
on full blast flooded some wild, gay dance
tune over the disordered, bloodied room
and the horribly mangled, clawed body____

  But the doors and windows ?

  In the name of Heaven, what manner
of thing was this that melted into thin
air or passed through solid walls ?

  Fear swelled a frenzied exodus. By
every train and bus, beautiful and delecta-
ble women fled the accursed city. Hus-
bands sent away their brides, and fathers
the daughters that no man could protect
against the mysterious and invisible as-
sailant. . . . The world had seen nothing
like it since whole medieval populations
panicked into flight from the Black Death.
Locked In With Death

97

  Then, the night of the 29th! And,
moving through the swirling, chaotic hell
vapors, the figure of Charles Forture—in
that building on the very shore of Lake
Michigan, with the ice floes grating at its
foundations and the freezing spray dim-
ming the windows. . . .

   But let him tell it.

  (Here begins Charles Forture’s story.)

T> Y PROFESSION I am a chemist; by
education a graduate of the Univer-
sity of Minnesota. I played football at
school, and since have kept in pretty good
condition through boxing and handball.
I’ve been steadily employed, dating from
1930, by the firm of Beckley & Beckley.

  Not that I expect anyone to be inter-
ested in me. The point is that I’m physi-
cally and mentally at least normal, a little
on the scientific and skeptical side, and
not a physical coward. My main fault is
that I’m too easy going, good natured, and
in a way unimaginative.

  For instance, last January I wasn’t
much impressed by the great fiend scare.
Mostly newspaper talk, as it seemed to
me. That is, until. . . .

  But here, I mustn’t get ahead of myself.
Not being a professional author, or any-
thing like that, I’ll just have to tell the
thing the way it happened. Consequently
I won’t start out by chilling your blood in
the first paragraph—the way those writ-
ing chaps do. As a matter of fact, my
blood wasn’t the least bit chilled about
Enid Walsh.

  I met her in rather an odd way that
January evening—or rather she met me,
for it was she who came and tapped on
my door. I yelled, “Come in!” thinking
one of the fellows had dropped by. And
she came in.

  She wore a trim little scarlet, swagger-
ish suit that hugged tight to her absolutely
gorgeous body; her eyes and lips were

vivid, without being awfully made up; and
she had a fluff of dark curly hair combed
over to one side—but it isn’t any good try-
ing to describe Enid. Just imagine your
particular brand of dream girl walking in
at your door and you’ll sense what I felt.
This isn’t mush. Any fellow that’s never
had a dream girl notion in his head—well,
I know what kind of flower he is.

  I felt all this before she opened her lips;
and when I heard her voice, that clinched
it.

  “I’m afraid you don’t know me, Mr.
Forture,” she said. “I’m Miss Walsh.
Next door.”

  I must have looked foolish, just staring
at her. Probably I grinned like an idiot.
Because, wouldn’t it have been hell if
she’d said, “Mrs.”?

  “I don’t quite know how to say this,”
she went on. “It’s embarrassing to ask
favors of strangers—”

  “Oh, I’m a small town boy,” I told her.
“Always glad to oblige the folks next
door. I’ll lend you the sugar bowl, cup
of flour, gin, anything. I’m handy at
running errands, too.”

  She laughed.

  “It’s my radio,” she said. “There seems
to be a click in it. A loud click. One of
my girl friends is staying with me tonight
—she doesn’t want to be alone, on account
of the fiend,” and I could tell the scare
had got to her, too. “I just wondered,
would you mind terribly about lending us
your radio. Just for tonight. Mine’s a
rented set, and I’ll have the man fix it
tomorrow.”

  I felt like a Polar bear; one of the Rog-
ers Park gang that takes a dip in the lake
once a week through the winter.

  “Gosh,” I had to say, “mine’s on the
blink, too. Been that way for a week. It’s
one of those special 18-tubers, and I
haven’t wanted anyone but an expert to go
over it—”

  “Then I’ll have to ask somewhere else,”
98

Dime Mystery Magazine

6he said. “My friend and I have to prac-
tice a dance routine for the Artists and
Models Benefit.” And closed the door.

  I heard her heels clicking down the
hall. So she was an artists’ model. Then
I knew where'I’d gotten the dream girl
idea—her face on magazine covers. Sure!
I listened, and fairly soon another fellow
brought her his radio. He carried it into
her apartment and hooked it up. I heard
him say, “Down the hatch!" and knew
she’d offered him a drink.

  Damn.

A FTER a while I went and tapped at
her door. There was a pause, then
she called, “Who’s there?”

  Well, girls weren’t opening their doors
■—not that month. I told her, and she
came. She had thrown on a negligee, and
underneath I could just make out the
dance routine costume. Panties and a
brassiere.

  “Please,” I said, “would you mind ask-
ing your radio man to look in at my set?”

  “Glad to,” she said. And, naturally,
didn’t invite me in or offer me a drink.

  About 5:45 the next evening, a man
stopped at my apartment and offered me
his card. It said, “HUGO THYLE, ra-
dios rented, repaired, satisfaction guaran-
teed,” and so‘ forth. He was an oldish
man, and a big one, and with the most
extraordinarily powerful hands I’d ever
seen.

  You won’t believe this, but he didn’t
use a tool of any kind on my set. When it
came to taking out a screw—and they
were well-set screws—he simply put his
black, thick, sharpened fingernail into the
slotted head, and turned. I saw him snip
a wire clean through between the thumb
and forefinger nails.

  “It’s a pretty good radio,” I said. “Don’t
you think?” Not that I wanted or needed
his opinion.

  “That?” His eyes, which were light

green and shifty, showered contempt on
the set. “That’s a mere child’s device.”
Which got in my hair.

  “You don’t see many better ones,” I
said.

  “Oh, commercially.” He grunted. “But
commercial radio’s in its infancy.”

  I thought I knew what he was getting
at. “I expect we will have practical tele-
vision one of these days. They’ll be bring-
ing prize-fights and football games right
into our homes, I expect.”

  “Television?” It sounded like a snort.
“That’s another child’s toy. Radio’ll go a
long ways beyond that.”

  I don’t know why my spine tingled. It
must have been his manner—his perfect
cocksuredness.

  “Well,” I said, “what’s your guess?”
He chuckled softly, and for the first
time looked straight at me. “Well, what
would you say to sitting down in front of
your radio and—instead of having the
prize-fight brought to you—you yourself
be taken to the prize-fight?”

  I was too stunned to say anything. “In
other words,” his words hammered at me
“what would you say to ectoplasmic trans-
mission ?”

  “Say that in English,” I said.

  “The ectoplasm is the material manifes-
tation of the life-spirit principle,” he came
back.

  “You mean, shoot souls out on radio
waves!” I got a laugh out of that. “Oh,
nuts!”

  Thyle gave me a dirty look. The queer
thing is, I don’t believe he was sore be-
cause I laughed at him. He seemed to be
sore at himself—as if he’d said too much,
and wished now he hadn’t said any-
thing. . . .

TTHE rest I’ll write carefully. My object
is to put down exactly what happened.
When I’m not sure about any part of it,
I’ll say so. For example, I can’t give tlie
Locked In With Death

99

 time to the minute, but it was close to
 midnight. . . .

   Then hell broke loose. I heard a yell
 from Enid Walsh’s apartment. Well, it
 wasn’t a yell, either. More of a muffled
 sob. I should say that it started out to be
 i a yell and was smothered or throttled into
 ! hardly any sound at all. I wouldn’t have
 heard it, except for the thinness of the
 wall between our rooms. . . .

   My chest thickened inside when I heard
 that. The breath made a dragging noise
 and feeling in my throat. I couldn’t be
 sure that I had heard it; and at the same
 time, I knew....

   Then, a sound of feet running—or try-
 ing to run, churning up and down in the
 same spot almost, as if dragging some
 enormously heavy weight.

    I came up out of the chair like a shot,
 and got to the door, and had to fumble
 with the knob before I stumbled out into
 the hall. At the same instant, Enid’s door
 jerked open, and I saw her.

    She had on a different negligee, a misty
 and billowy white silk thing with some
 kind of a fuzzy collar to it. One sleeve
 had been torn out from the shoulder, and
 showed the white curvedness of her arm
 down to the elbow. The negligee was torn
 across the front, too. Her hands clasped
 the tattered silk and covered her breasts.

   “What happened?” I said. “What—?”

   She couldn’t possibly answer for a mo-
 ment or two. Her face was talc-white,
 drained white. The eyes made two wide
 circles, and to me they were bottomless
 pools on which horror floated. Honest to
 God, her eyes looked deathly.

    Enid swallowed, or tried to.

    “It’s in here,” she managed to say. “The
 fiend—■"

   I went past her into the apartment. No
 credit to me, understand. At that time, I
 figured the fiend to be one of those dirty
 night prowlers. Maybe with some tricky
 wire device for unfastening windows, as

the police said. ... I happened to be the
lucky one in the million decent chaps in
Chicago aching to sink their fists into the
brute.

  So I went in, with the left and the right
cocked for action, and then had to pull
up short .... because there wasn’t any-
body or anything to hit.

  Nothing.

  And at the same time, I had a feeling
there was something. I could hear it
breathing .... a horrible, wet, sucking
sound. Or was that the pound and seethe
of blood in my own skull? Because I
couldn’t locate the source of it. . . .

  Understand, the windows were down
and fastened down from the inside. I
made sure of that. Two rooms opened off
the apartment’s hallway; a kitchenette-
dinette, and a living room with in-a-dor,
and the bathroom beyond that.

  I waded into the closet where Enid’s
gowns hung, and explored through the
misty, perfumed things. I poked behind
the in-a-dor, and looked under the sofa;
even into the gas range oven. . . . And
there wasn’t anything. And at the same
time there was that feeling of a secret,
lurking, damnable presence!

  “It’s no use,” Enid said. She had
closed the door and stood leaning against
it. “You won’t find it.... it just isn’t—■"

  I stared at her. “But you said it was
in here!”

  “I know.” Her voice went dull, re-
signed. Hopeless. “Only, the thing isn’t
human. Not even real .... if you can
see what I mean.”

T COULDN’T. So I fumbled in my
pocket—I had on my smoking jacket,
by the way—and found a cigarette. She
didn’t take one. Still that pale face and
too-wide eyes! “You’d better tell me what
happened, exactly,” I said.

  “I’m alone tonight,” Enid explained,
“The noise of the lake outside bothered
100

Dime Mystery Magazine

my friend—made her imagine things, she
said. She’s staying with another friend
tonight.”

  She glanced at the sofa—didn’t point,
for her hands covered her breasts, as I’ve
said. “I sat there. Listening to the radio.
Perhaps I dozed off a little—”

  “That's it!” I said. “You had a night-
mare. Of course.” I even thought to
myself that maybe she had torn her own
negligee, before she snapped out of the
nightmare.

  “It wasn’t a dream,” she shook her head.
“It—oh, the horrid, slimy thing! It got
hold of me and dragged me down—tore at
me. . . . And then somehow I twisted
away from it, off the sofa onto the floor.
I staggered away, I don’t know how—”

  “What did it look like?” I asked.

  “I don’t know.”

  “You mean, the light was off?” I said
puzzled. “But the radio was on—?"

  “That’s on the power circuit,” she said.
“But the bridge lamp was burning. I just
didn’t see it clearly—something strange
and white, or cloudy .... if there was
anything to see! Oh, I don’t know!”

  It sounded more and more like a night-
mare to me. Still—“Shall I call the po-
lice?” I asked.

  She bit her lip, shaking her head. “The
police can’t do-anything. They never do.
Only I’d get my name and picture in the
papers and people would stare at me,
strangers come up and ask questions—I’d
hate that!”

  I knew. Maybe they’d even call her one
of those cheap publicity seekers. . . .

  “Look here, Miss Welch!” I said. “You
can have my apartment—there’s a bed-
room, and I’ll sleep in the chair; or I’ll
bunk in your dinette.”

  “No-o.”

  Well, it wouldn’t have been exactly
proper. Besides, why should she trust
me? !

  So I said, “Anyway, I sleep lightly. If

you have any more trouble, just call.”

  I lied. I didn’t sleep at all. Back in my
own apartment, I took off my shoes and
lay back in the chair. This chair faced the
door; and, furthermore, I opened the door
a very little and propped it with a wad of
paper. The idea being not to waste any
time fumbling with the knob again.

  Also I balanced a book on the back of
my hand—just in case I should doze
off____

  Pretty silly, considering that the girl
had merely dreamed the thing? Yes, but
I remembered that feeling of a something
being in there. Remembered it? I felt it
now, gibing at me. . ..

^PHEN .... It was a full hour later.

   I could hear Enid walking about.
There wasn’t going to be any sleep for
either of us, apparently. And I heard the
radio playing in her living-room. . . .
By and by, it seemed to me that there was
something queer about that radio music.
As if something more than music lived in
it. A menace. A queer, pulsing, evil
menace!

  Crazily, I wanted to pound on her wall
and tell her to shut off that radio; that it
wasn’t right—somehow.

  “I’m having a nightmare, too,” I de-
cided.

  All the same, I got up and went to my
own set. A little time passed while the
tubes warmed, and then I hurried dialing
down through the night-owl stations until
I got in on her wave-length.

  I listened. “Treasure Island”, it was.
But hadn’t it a different, cleaner, sound
as it came from my radio ? I felt sure of it.

  Then. . . . There wasn’t any yell this
time. Not even the whisper of a sob.
Only the sound of something wet rus-
tling, if wetness can rustle, a dreadful soft
squishy sound as you’d imagine the feel-
ers of an octopus slithering over a sea
stone would make. . . .
Locked In With Death

101

  And this sound seemed to be an inten-
sification of what I’d been hearing in her
radio!

  I went through the door—down the hall
like a shot. I knew that this time she
wouldn’t get to her door. I slammed down
the corridor, close to the opposite wall, and
whirled—smashed my shoulder against
her door.

  They don’t put solid oak doors in these
apartment buildings. There was hardly
any sense of shock as I crashed through
the flimsy panel.

  “Enid!” I choked.

  She lay in the middle of the living room
floor, in a pool of light shed by the bridge
lamp. Face down, with her hands out in
front of her clutching the rug—as if she’d
been trying to drag herself away from
something. ... All that remained of her
negligee was the fluff of fur around the
neck.

  Three bloody channels raked down over
her nude, satiny back. From just between
the shoulder blades to the swelling round-
ness of her hips. As if she’d been torn by
an enormous, metal claw!

  Thank God, she lived! Great breaths
lifted her shoulders.

  I stared across the room. And there
wasn’t anything. . . .

   Nothing. . . .

  Except the radio purling out a louder,
different dance melody. . . .

  But this couldn’t be a nightmare, I
knew. Those scratches—wounds, really
—couldn’t have been self-inflicted! There
had to be something.

  And the dinette—dark! Didn’t some-
thing move in there? Lord, I couldn’t be
sure. If I didn’t see it, I sensed the thing
—its secret, lurking, damnable presence!

  Switch buttons ranged on a brass plate
along the apartment hall’s wall. I poked
one. . . .

  And killed the bridge lamp. Blackness
blotted out everything—except the radio

music flooding out around the yellow
blink of the illuminated dial.

  Then I saw it!

A FOUL and vile shape was in that
room—and it seemed to flow out of
the radio.

  The thing took form, almost human—
and yet not human, either .... a faint
and dusky blot outlined by white, vivid,
phosphorescent tentacles or filaments
which waved and crawled in the air like
innumerable glowing worms!

  Hands! It had hands. . Big, sinister,
shining hands with nails which gleamed
as fangs in the dark. . . .

  There was blood on the hands. 1 saw
that, too. Shining red drops that wept
from the extended, groping fingers!

  I stood still and gaped at it—instead of
smashing out through the broken door.
And that standing still was a hell of a lot
braver thing than all the charging and fist
shaking I’d done that night. . . .

  Maybe I’d have run, after all. But sud-
denly I couldn’t. Because the thing rushed
me.

  Since I’m telling the truth, I can’t go
into detail about the rest. I don’t know
what happened, exactly. It was all horror
and madness—a blind hot seething mael-
strom of rage and fear inside me—and
that other cold, slimy maelstrom outside
of me. . ..

  The deadness of it. Like hammering
your fists into corpse flesh, flaccid and
rotten and gelid. It lived, though. It
oozed and slithered all over me, sucked
me into its noxious folds.

  There was a face in it. Deep in the
loathsome jelly substance, the features
wavered like a countenance seen through
muddy water. Green eyes blazed. A pale
slit of mouth laughed, without making
any sound. He didn’t make a sound, even
when my fists rammed deep into the flaccid
flesh.
102

Dime Mystery Magazine

  He? Yes—Hugo Thyle.

  Or else, some unthinkably horrible rep-
lica of him made in some mucid stuff. . . .
What had he said? Ectoplasm?

  We flopped and threshed on the floor.
His hands raked me. They were noxious,
poisoned—I got weak and lightheaded.
My fists felt like pillows. My arms went
limp.

  He—or his ectoplasmic self—had me
pinned to the rug. His weight flowed over
me, concentrated its weight on my chest
and numbed biceps.

  And the hands at my throat.

  I should have died, then. There was
no way I could go on living—not stran-
gled, lungs bursting, head a ball of fire.
But I didn’t die, though it—for it wasn’t
human, I knew that now—may have
thought I had.

  I lurched up and went for the shape
again.

  It got away from me. There wasn’t
anything I could get my hands on because
it seemed to be thinning and dissolving
there in front of the radio—disappearing
into it!

  I smashed at it.

  Fire fountained. And I heard a scream
—or the ghost of a scream—that cried out
in a more horrible torment than this earth
knows .... the scream of a thing that
dies frightfully .... the wail of life being
pulled fiber from fiber!

  Then the apartment lights flashed up.
It seemed that half the occupants of the
building were crowding into the room.
I glared at them stupidly. I, with my
hand thrust halfway through the ruined,
smoking radio that had exploded when I
hit it. . . .

  And no sign of the thing anywhere!

COME one had called the police. They
came bursting into the place with a
big plainclothesman leading—Detective
Lieutenant Clubb, as I afterward learned.

  They came damn near dragging me off
to jail as the fiend. . . .

  But Enid had gotten into the bathroom
and put on another wrap; and she opened
a window in there, and told them a story
about a ragged tramp breaking into the
apartment. You see, she couldn’t have
saved me any other way. Figure it out
for yourself. Here were a bunch of cops
that had caught a man—bloody faced, with
torn clothing—in a room where a girl had
been assaulted. They were being ragged
to death by the newspapers, those cops.
Do you suppose they’d have believed any
story about a fiend that vanished into a
portable radio?

  I didn’t say anything about Hugo Thyle.
I’d been near enough to jail. I wasn’t
courting the lunatic asylum.

  Clubb quizzed us, hard. What did the
man look like? “We can’t identify him,”
we agreed. Finally, he noted the time of
the assault—12:51—and left.

  I lay awake that night, figuring on ways
to cope with Hugo Thyle. I never did set-
tle with him. In the morning paper was
a big front page story about the affair in
Enid’s apartment and back on page 7, this
small item:

       RADIO EXPERT

           ELECTROCUTED

    Hugo Thyle, 54, proprietor of a radio
  repair shop at 8540 Cottage Grove, was
  found electrocuted in his place of business
  early today. Mr. Thyle had been working
  over an experimental broadcasting device,
  of a type so far unidentified, and was killed
  by a short circuit in the wiring. The time
  of the accident was indicated by his watch,
  which stopped at a few seconds after 12:50
  A.M. this morning.

     Thyle’s body was badly injured by flying
  pieces of metal when the device exploded.
  The entire upper portion of the trunk was
  found to be covered with contusions. Physi-
  cians said, however, that the electric current
  caused the death.

    Mr. Thyle was formerly employed by the
  Zonocast Radio Corporation.
Locked In With Death

103

  The same day, I carefully examined the
interior of Enid’s radio. Every tube in
the instrument was hopelessly wrecked. I
have submitted the ruined tubes to experts,
who tell me that they have never seen
anything of the type before.

  Mrs. Forture—yes, Enid—and I have
quietly gone around “looking at apart-
ments”—that is, the apartments where the
fiend struck. The queer thing is, in the
dozen cases we’ve been able to follow up,

the radios had been rented from Thyle;
and he had removed the sets after the
tragedy!

 It is hard to believe in the transmis-
 sion of soul plasm over the radio waves....

Now Enid comes and begs me not to
write any more about that old horror.

 “We will forget it,” she says.

 And that is the right and sensible thing
 to do.

 Here ends Charles Forture’s story.

 DIME MYSTERY MAGAZINE

 April Number

  An Eerily Fascinating Novel of Mystery and Terror

 GIRL FOR THE TORTURE GOD

              By ARTHUR LEO ZAGAT

  Plus Three Spine-Tingling Novelettes

  By

 WYATT BLASSINGAME

 ARTHUR J. BURKS

 PAUL ERNST

 —AND—

                    Gripping Short Terror Tales
By Famous Authors
10c a Copy!	Out March 10th!
CONVICTS FROM
HELL ■

\y Oeorge Alden Edson

(Author of “Hotel of the Damned," etc.)

Thousands of volts of electricity swept through his quivering body—
and still he sat and hurled vows of vengeance at those whom he deemed
his persecutors . . . Nan Raymond and her fiance trembled but would
not believe—until they cowered in the shadow of the black doom he

brought back from hell!

THE city room relaxed after the
morning edition had been put
to bed. A couple of the boys
yawned with much noise and gesticulation.
Morey, the city editor, stopped chewing
the stub of a dead cigar and puffed actual
smoke from a live one. I lit a cigarette
myself. Then glancing at Nan Raymond,
104

who is the only girl working as a straight
reporter on the Daily Examiner and the
only girl in the world so far as I’m con-
cerned, I forced a grin and pushed to
my feet.

  “Honey,” I said when I’d walked across
to the desk at which she sat, “let’s go
make some large whoopee for a bit. I
 A Tensely
 Dramatic
 Novelette
 of Eerie
 Doom

fed the need of some strong stimulants.

 I did feel the need of it—plenty. I
haven’t got the stomach of guys like
Harry Kent. At nine o’clock that eve-
ning he and I had sat in the death house
at the prison watching Myron Zorn, the
most fiendish criminal and murderer in
the history of the city, burn in the elec-
tric chair. Now, just a couple of hours
later, Harry was cracking jokes with an-
other reporter while I still felt sick as
hell.

 And I knew Nan didn’t feel any too

chipper. I'd loved her long enough to
spot her feelings almost at a glance. She
had helped get the evidence which had
sent Zorn to the chair and, despite the
fact that he had deserved death for all
the atrocious crimes he had committed,
she was upset.

105
106

Dime Mystery Magazine

   But she answered: “I’d rather go home,
 Bob. Somehow I couldn’t do anything else
 tonight.”

   “Okay, darling,” I told her. “I’ll go
 along with you. Let’s start. ...”

   “Say, I guess you began to wonder if
 the old buzzard really wasn’t going to ful-
 fill his prophecy,” Morey, who had saun-
 tered across the room to us, laughed as
 Nan reached for her hat.

   I didn’t laugh. To me, with the ghastly
 vision seared into my memory, what had
 happened would never be funny. Zorn,
 a misshapen hulk of flesh with a huge
 apish head, had scorned assistance to walk
 the last mile. Entering the death cham-
 ber at the end, he had sneered. But sud-
 denly, as he had taken his place in the
 chair, an expression of insane fury had
 . contorted his face.

   “Cut out that damned drivel!” he had
 snarled at the chaplain who had been read-
 ing from his Bible. Then he had swung
 venomous eyes over the stand in which
 reporters sat with the state witnesses,
 fixing them on Harry and me, and said:
 “Get this—for yourselves and the others
 on your snooping paper who helped send
 me here! They can’t kill me! And I’ll
 see you all die in hellish agony before
 I’m satisfied!”

   Had I known what I was destined to
 know, the full horror, those words would
 have affected me. Not knowing, they
 hadn’t. I had merely thought them the
 words of a maniac. But those that had
 followed, or more particularly the cir-
 cumstances under which they had been
 uttered, had made my blood freeze.

   For the executioner had advanced, at-
 tached the two electrodes to the head and
 leg of the convict who had already been
 strapped to the chair by guards, stepped
 back to his instrument board to await the
 signal of the warden, finally thrown the
 switch—and Myron Zorn had repeated
 his threats!

AF COURSE the electricity had even-
^ tually quieted him. But for a mo-
ment, with that awful hum accompanying
his voice and the nauseous stench of
burned flesh filling the chamber, he had
actually resisted death. More incredible,
supposedly impossible, he had even re-
mained conscious enough to talk. . . .

  So, remembering the horrible picture, I
didn’t laugh at Morey’s crude attempt to
be humorous. I just said: “Yes, I did
begin to wonder. . . .”

  “Maybe he’ll return from the grave to
get us,” Harry Kent suggested, approach-
ing and leaning on Nan’s desk. “Wonder
how he intended to kill us? Rather an
interesting speculation, eh?”

  A brilliant newspaperman, Harry Kent,
possessed the clever brain to have been
great. But he was erratic as he was bril-
liant, sometimes convivial, sometimes
moody, always sardonic. Now, however,
I thought I could detect a forced note in
his mockery.

  “He didn’t strike me as a sweet soul
who’d forget the agony he promised us,”
Kent continued. “Perhaps he’d—”

  “I—I wonder if he meant me, too,” a
new voice said nervously.

  I glanced over my shoulder and saw
that Gramp Hodge had edged up behind
me. The "Gramp” was a nickname based
not so much on age, for Hodge wasn’t
fifty, as on manner; he was a crochety
bird who appeared with both raincoat and
rubbers if one white cloud hung in the
sky. Strangely, though, he was the best
rewrite man in the office. I gathered that
he had grown jittery because he had writ-
ten several of the stories about Zorn.

  “I didn’t really help send him to the
electric chair.” The apologetic whine in
his voice made me wonder if he thought
Zorn could hear him. “I—I only wrote
what you boys told me over the tele-
phone.”

  "Sure as hell he’ll go for you first,”
Convicts from Hell

107

Morey, the city editor, told him. Then
with a raucous hoot: “But I’ll lay a
hundred to one that even a ghost would
get lost in the dust you’d make.”

  “You can laugh!” Hodge shrilled in
quick anger. Almost immediately, how-
ever, fear swept back through the gleam
of rage which had snapped into his wa-
tery eyes. He glanced at Harry, at Nan,
finally fixed his gaze on me. His voice
quivered with awe as he said: “I’ve writ-
ten hundreds of stories about executions.
No man ever before talked after the exe-
cutioner had thrown the switch. No or-
dinary human being could talk. . . . How
—how do you explain what happened to-
night ?”

  “Maybe Zorn wasn’t human,” mur-
mured Harry Kent.

  I had chanced to lower my gaze to Nan.
I stiffened. For deep in her blue eyes
lurked something which wasn’t just
squeamishness caused by the thought
that she had helped send a man to the
chair—but fear.

  I reached for her arm, said: “Let’s go,
honey.”

  She picked up her handbag, rose. Morey
and Kent rode down in the elevator with
us.

  “Old Gramp sure is a pip,” Morey
muttered, chuckling. “Say, he’ll be petri-
fied by the time he gets home.”

  “And I,” Kent announced with his
sardonic smirk, “will be petrified long be-
fore I get home. G’night, children, I’ll
see you anon.”

  He weaved down the street as Morey
gave a disgusted snort and ducked into
the subway. . . .

TVTAN and I decided to walk to her
' apartment. For a while she chat-
tered lightly about events of no impor-
tance. I waited. And before long, as I’d
expected, she swung to what was on her
mind.

  “I—I don’t see how he could have kept
repeating his threats of vengeance while
—while the electricity . . .” She shud-
dered.

  “I suppose some short in the wires
might’ve lowered the voltage of the cur-
rent,” I told her. “Or perhaps he did
have a physical peculiarity which made it
less effective at first. Maybe he knew
about this peculiarity and was screwy
enough to believe he wouldn’t die. . . .
But what difference? He did.”

  “I know,” Nan murmured. “Yet I’ve
had the wierdest feeling ever since the
execution, Bob. A feeling that—well, just
that he isn’t—dead.”

  “But of course he is,” I. argued. And I
remembered the hideous sight of Myron
Zorn’s misshapen body leaping against
the straps, straining, finally going limp
when the current was cut. I swallowed
hard. Yet my voice was hoarse when I
added: “I saw him die. Afterwards the
prison doctor examined him and pro-
nounced him dead. They put his corpse in
a coffiin. That was taken away in a hearse
for burial by his brother.”

  “Oh, Bob!” Nan exclaimed with a con-
trite glance. “I didn’t mean to make you
remember! Let’s talk about something
else!”

  We didn’t, though, because I kept ar-
guing until I had smothered her feeling
with logic. She was herself again, a girl
packing more vivaciousness than any girl
I know, when we reached her apartment.
I stayed a few minutes, put in a word
about our glowing plans for the future
when I could, then kissed her and left.

  I started the hike toward my apartment
in the lower end of town. The short cut
which I always took when I walked led
me through a dark residential district.
Having temporarily forgotten the horror
of the execution in thoughts of the girl I
loved, I hummed happily—until I heard
the scream.
108

Dime Mystery Magazine

  It was a woman’s scream, high and
shrill, a shriek of mortal terror. I jolted
to an abrupt halt. Almost immediately a
second scream followed the first. This
one held both terror and pain.

  Shaking off the startled numbness which
had grioped me, I dashed toward the cor-
ner. The second outcry faded to a
choked groan of agony. I reached the
corner and wheeled into the side street.
A woman, face bloody and clothes torn,
lay sprawled on the pavement. Beyond
her, running swiftly away from the spot,
I glimpsed a hunched figure. I raced in
pursuit.

  He led me across lawns, through mazes
of trees and shrubbery, around houses,
trying to lose me in the darkness. I man-
aged to hold the same distance between us.
But I couldn’t gain.

  Though he kept twisting his head, peer-
ing back at me, I couldn’t seem to pene-
trate the gloom to see his face. . . . Then
I did. He had skirted a street lamp,
slowed before plunging into an alley be-
tween two apartment buildings, cast a
quick glance over one shoulder.

  Face—God! I felt my whole body go
cold even while I ran. It was a ghastly
mask of shriveled red skin!

  Yet the hideousness of the face wasn’t
what made' me gasp. Something else,
something vague but present, caused the
shocked sound to tear from my throat.

  For the first time I saw that the crea-
ture’s head was hairless! And then I re-
alized that his features bore a resemblance
to those of Myron Zorn!

rpHE possible significance of this re-
semblance drove horror—horror and,
yes, stark fear—to the very depths of my
soul. Yet I didn’t stop. I forced myself
to keep rushing toward him. And when
he twisted his head, plunged into the alley,
reason asserted itself in my brain.

  Myron Zorn was dead! . . . That this

creature’s head had been hairless, like the
shaven head of a convict prepared for the
chair, and his skin shriveled, like skin
which has been terribly burned, didn’t
prove anything. Nor did the resemblance.
And perhaps I had even imagined it. My-
ron Zorn was dead! . . .

  I had reached the mouth of the alley.
Thick blackness shut down on me with
the next step. For a short distance I
groped my way, then halted and stiffened.
A clammy chill oozed over me.

  From far ahead a mocking laugh had
floated back to my ears. . . .

  After a moment I turned to grope my
way out of the alley again. Reason had
killed my fear; that wasn’t why I quit
the chase. I just realized the uselessness
of it. The creature had given me the slip
—and a woman, needing aid if she wasn’t
dead, lay back there on the side street.

  She wasn’t dead. A few people who
had heard her screams, including a cop,
had gathered. Two of them were start-
ing to carry her into the nearest house. I
trailed along with the others.

  She recovered consciousness in the
house. She wasn’t badly hurt, just
scratched and terrified. Her story, which
she told in a shaky voice, was that a de-
generate had jumped at her from the
bushes as she was walking home. She
tried to describe him.

  The policeman and the others obviously
thought her description exaggerated until,
without referring to my momentary im-
pression that the creature had resembled
Myron Zorn, I told my story.

  “Must’ve been burned in a fire,” the
cop grunted. “The bums probably drove
him nuts.”

  The others agreed. . . .

  A few minutes later, after the cop had
telephoned the description to police head-
quarters, I borrowed the phone. The
woman, it seemed, was the wife of a local
politician. Names make news. The yam
Convicts from Hell

109

was worth more than a stick on the third
page.

  I gave the facts to the rewrite on the
night trick at the office. Finishing, I made
sure he had everything and started to
hang up. But the rewrite caught me. In
an excited tone he told me he, too, had
some news.

  And he did—news which caused cold
sweat to ooze from my pores.

  Ared Zorn, Myron Zorn’s brother, had
claimed the corpse after the execution and
tarried it away in a hearse for burial.
There had been a driver and himself. Just
a short while ago he had appeared at a
farmhouse on the lonely road from the
prison to the city, bruised and disheveled,
and frantically called the police. He had
told them, when they arrived, that the
hearse had gone over a bank. He had
been knocked unconscious. Later, recov-
ering, he had seen that the coffin was on
the ground near him instead of in the
hearse—open and empty!

CHAPTER TWO
The Man With the Burned Head

T GOT to the office very early the next
morning. From Morey I learned that
the night city editor had sent leg men to
check on the acident. They had reported
that the police hadn’t found any clues as
to what had become of the corpse.

  “The driver of the hearse was in such
tough shape that he couldn’t explain what
had caused the accident,” Morey told me.
“Neither can Zorn. . . . The old man
wants us to play up the stuff Myron Zorn
jabbered about how he wouldn’t die.” An
expression of disgust swept over Morey’s
face. “To give the yam a little of the
spooky stuff. Make a hell of a lot out
of the fact that Zorn didn’t fry like a
prime cut. . . . Nuts!”

  The old man, as we called the recent

owner of the Daily Examiner, loved sen-
sationalism.

  “Well, I suppose he’s the boss,” Morey
sighed. “But sometimes he gives me a
pain in the kohunkus. ... You amble out
to Ared Zorn’s and see if he’s more co-
herent about things after a snooze, Bob.
Then go to the Clarke Memorial Hospi-
tal and quiz the guy who drove the hearse.
His name is Dennis.”

  “Okay,” I said.

  Suddenly Morey laughed, exclaimed:
“Say, I’ve got it—Hodge! How he’s go-
ing to quake when he hears about the
corpse disappearing! He’ll get the old
man’s spooky stuff into the yarn without
trying. . . . Here he comes!”

  I looked toward the door. And there
was Hodge, umbrella on his arm, shuffling
into the office. His haggard face and his
bloodshot eyes told of a sleepless night—•
and I couldn’t, help a little feeling of pity
for the poor cuss.

  He wasn't three steps inside the door
before Harry Kent started to give him
the new development. I didn’t listen long,
however, for I saw that Nan had arrived
while I’d been talking with Morey. She
looked pale, frightened. I went over to
her desk.

  “Hello, honey,” I said with a grin which
was supposed to make things look less
ominous to her.

  But it didn’t work. Staring at me with
anxious eyes, she quavered: “I met Wal-
ter Keller in the hall. He told me all
about what’s happened... . Oh, Bob! The
—the feeling I had last night was stronger
this morning even before I heard. And
now . . . !”

  “You mustn’t let your nerves get you,
darling,” I said in an insistent voice.
“Somebody stole the corpse. It was a
corpse. You know that. And corpses
don’t come to life."

  “I—I know,” Nan mumbled. “I just
can’t help—”
110

Dime Mystery Magazine

  “What do you think happened to the
body, Lake?” a voice asked.

  I glanced over one shoulder to see Wal-
ter Keller sidle up to us. He was the old
man’s nephew, a thin chap with sallow
cheeks and receding chin, who had begun
as a cub reporter to learn the racket be-
cause he figured he’d inherit the paper at
the old man’s death.

  “I think it was stolen,” I grunted curt-
ly. I was sore because he’d been the one
to tell Nan that Zorn’s corpse had van-
ished from its coffin—unreasonably, of
course, since someone else would have
told her if he hadn’t. But, like the other
boys, I guess I even resented Keller’s ex-
istence ; he was too much of a parasite.

  “Who would have stolen it?” he coun-
tered. A superior expression crept over
his face. “Electricity is a strange force.
I happen to know more about it than the
rest of you in this office. I’ve studied it

*	. . and the related psychic forces. Now
I have a theory that Myron Zorn actu-
ally has—”

  “Bunk!” I snapped. “Neither of us
are interested!”

  With a sullen frown Keller slouched
away. . . .

  “Listen, kid,” I continued to Nan,
“don’t let dopes like him feed you any
screwy theories. That feeling of yours
comes from being upset because you dug
up some of the evidence used to send Zorn
to the chair. But you don’t need to be
upset. He was a rat who deserved to die.
Just remember the helpless women he tor-
tured to death.”

  Nan shuddered.

  “I’ve got to go have a chat with Ared
Zorn,” I told her. “Keep a stiff upper
lip, honey. . . . See you soon.”

T EAVING the office, I jumped into a
^ cab. Ared Zorn, a bachelor who had
once been a professor at the university
and had retired to do private research

work, lived on the outskirts of the city. I
gave the driver the address and lit myself
a cigarette.

  The question Walter Keller had asked
had been sticking in my crop ever since
I’d had the news from the rewrite over
the phone last night: Who would have
stolen that corpse? I couldn’t think of
anybody. Yet obviously the corpse had
been stolen; nothing else could have hap-
pened.

  For a few minutes after hearing the
news, however, I hadn’t been so sure
nothing else had happened. The fact that
the hideous hairless creature had seemed
to resemble Myron Zorn had been less
easy to forget with Zorn’s body actually
gone from its coffin. In the end, though,
I had managed to make my reason stifle
the wild ideas in my head. . ..

  Within ten minutes we reached Ared
Zorn’s house. It was a gloomy old place,
set far back from the street, surrounded
by trees and unkempt shrubbery. I told
the cabby to wait, went up the walk,
knocked.

  An old crone with a wrinkled parch-
ment face opened the door. She gave me
a hostilely questioning stare.

  “I’m Robert Lake of the Daily Ex-
aminer,” I said with a cheery smile. “I’d
like to see Mr. Zorn.”

  She said: “Humph.”

  But she told me to wait, closed the door
and eventually reappeared. As if doing
anything for me caused her acute agony,
she motioned me into a musty hall and led
me to a mustier room at the end.

  Ared Zorn sat in a stiff chair behind a
desk littered with books and papers. Un-
like his monstrous brother, he was rather
a fine looking man. He had a thin ascetic
face, studious grey eyes, grey hair.

  “Good morning,” I said in the tone I
reserve for people from whom I want to
get something to print. “I hope that
Convicts from Hell

111

you’re recovering after your unfortunate
accident.”

  He nodded but offered no comment.
“We thought you might possibly re-
member more about the accident this
morning,” I continued. “I mean about the
cause.”

  He shook his head, muttered: “No. I
wasn’t watching the road as we went down
that hill. Suddenly we skidded—” he gave
a little shudder—“and then there was a
terrible crash. I felt myself being hurled
from the seat. . . . That’s all I remember.”
“You regained consciousness to find
your brother’s coffin on the ground near
you—open and empty,” I said. I made my
voice casual. “Do you have any idea what
might have happened to the body?”

  “Do I—have any—idea?” He repeated
my words in a hoarse whisper. Then
quickly, nervously: “No—no, I don’t.”

  I waited a moment before I asked: “Do
you recollect that your brother had any
physical peculiarity which might have
have made him partially impervious to
electrical shocks?”

  Ared Zorn stared at me, a puzzled ex-
pression on his face, but back in his grey
eyes I thought I could detect a furtive
look. He ran his tongue over dry lips.

  “No, I don’t recollect any such peculi-
arity,” he said, shifting in his chair.

  I waited another moment before, still
very casually, I murmured: “You’ve gone
deeply into electricity with your psychi-
cal researches, haven’t you?”

  “Only a—a little,” Ared Zorn mumbled.
“Do you think such a peculiarity pos-
sible?”

  “I—I couldn’t say.” He raised one
shaky hand, swathed in bandages, and
pressed the fingers along his forehead.
“I’m afraid you must excuse me now. I
—I feel too faint to talk.”

  “Of course,” I told him solicitously.
“Thank you for seeing me at all.”

   I went to the door and, as I stepped into

the hall, cast one quick glance over my
shoulder. His eyes were fixed on me. . . .

T TSHERED out by the sullen house-
keeper, I returned to my waiting cab
and ordered the driver to take me to the
Clarke Memorial Hospital. During the
trip I thought about the brief interview
with Ared Zorn.

  Obviously he had hedged on the ques-
tions concerning electricity; they had
seemed to put him on his guard against
admitting something. I wondered what.
And I wondered why he had been so
nervous when I had asked him if he had
any idea what had become of the corpse
of his brother. I suspected he did have
an idea. . . .

  Arriving at the hospital, I went into the
reception room and asked about the man
who had driven the hearse. He was too
badly injured to talk any more, the nurse
told me, so I rode back to the office.

  I looked for Nan, couldn’t find her—
and then Morey shouted to me.

  “Get over to the Cramer mansion,” he
ordered, cradling the receiver of one of
the battery of phones on his desk. “The
caretaker just called the police. His wife
was murdered last night. He claims he
was bound and couldn’t get free until
morning. . . . God, this ought to please
the old man!”

  The Cramer mansion was one of those
brownstone atrocities built in the nineties.
I argued my way past the cop on guard
at the door, pushed into the hall and fol-
lowed the sound of voices into a big room
to the right.

  Inspector Murphy grunted at sight of
me. He and two other plainclothes men
were grouped around a quivering old guy
with an ashen face and anguished eyes.

  Then I felt the inside of me go hollow.

  The woman lay on the floor near one
corner. She had been strangled to death.
Her face, framed by disheveled grey hair,
112

Dime Mystery Magazine

was bloated and blue. Her glazed eyes
bulged from their sockets.

  “I—I tell you I didn’t do it!” the old
guy shrilled the protestation in an hys-
terical voice. “You must believe me! I
didn’t! One of them did it! . . . They
jumped on me when I came into the room.
They bound me and gagged me. There’s
the rope, the gag.” He pointed to some
rope and a wad of cloth on the floor.
“They opened the safe and took every-
thing—all the jewels. Then she—my wife
—came downstairs looking for me and
... Oh God!”

  For a moment the poor old devil shook
with sobs. But finally he managed to
continue:

  “One of them strangled her before she
could utter a single cry! Strangled her
to death . . . right here in front of me!”
“And do you still insist they looked
like corpses?” Inspector Murphy grunted
in a sarcastic voice.

  “Two of them zvere corpses! I could
smell the stench of the grave on them!
And their faccs . . . God, they were hor-
rible ! . . . The third—the fiend who mur-
dered my wife—was a monster with a
hairless head and a ghastly face that
looked as if it had been burned!”

  Jerking taut, I pushed toward the care-
taker.

  “A face that looked as if it had been
burned!” I echoed. “What time did this
happen ?”

  “About three o’clock, sir,” he quavered.
“I heard some noises and came to investi-
gate. The Cramers had all gone away on
a trip and left part of the family jewelry
in the safe. The servants were on vaca-
tions. . . . Just about three o’clock. But
I couldn’t get loose to call the police until
this morning.”

   “I think he’s telling the truth, Murphy,”
I said to the inspector. “This monster
with the burned face must be the degen-
erate who assaulted that woman about

twelve o’clock last night. I chased him
and saw him. The description fits per-
fectly.”

  “Say, it does!” Murphy exclaimed.
“I’d forgotten about him. Maybe you’re
right and the story is the truth.” Sud-
denly he frowned. “But the two who
looked like corpses. What the hell are
they?”

  “I don’t know,” I muttered unsteadily.

  I tightened my lips. The monster who
had so fiendishly strangled this poor old
woman must be the hideous creature I had
chased—the creature who had resembled
Myron Zorn. Between midnight and three
o’clock he had acquired two accomplices
who looked like living corpses. . . .

  Good God, what hellish horror stalked
the city?

TOURING the whole trip back to the of-
fice I drove my reason at the nameless
dread within me. Again I told myself that
the creature’s uncanny resemblance to My-
ron Zorn meant nothing. Great Heaven,
it couldn’t! And, of course, the other two
the caretaker had claimed were corpses
weren’t corpses. That was equally impos-
sible.

  But what the devil was the gag . . . and
why?

  Reaching the office, I found Morey hav-
ing himself a private laugh over some-
thing. He called to me. I glanced at Nan’s
desk, saw she wasn’t there, and went over
to the city desk.”

  “This is rich,” Morey told me. “Gramp
Hodge and dear nephew Walter have
been working on the old man. First Gramp
feeds him on how Myron Zorn must’ve
been superhuman to have talked after
they poured the juice into him. Then
Keller feeds him a few crazy theories on
how electricity controls life and death.
Between ’em they’ve got the old man be-
lieving that Zorn either didn’t really die
Convicts from Hell

113

or has returned from the dead. . . . And
is he scared!”

  Morey had another laugh, then wiped
his eyes and asked me what I’d got. I
told him—still withholding the fact that
I’d thought the degenerate resembled My-
ron Zorn.

  But such a fantastic story was on the
books, it seemed, without any help from
me.

  “The old man, on the strength of his
nephew’s fantastic electrical theories, al-
ready figures Zorn has cheated the grave
and is committing every crime in the
city,” Morey said. Then he frowned.
“Say, this one could give a guy the creeps
if he let his imagination play with it. A
fiendish killer with a hairless head and a
burned face . . . and two henchmen the
caretaker swears were walking corpses.
That could give a guy the creeps, couldn’t
it?”

  “It could,” I murmured.

  And suddenly, for just a moment, an
uncertain gleam penetrated the hardness
of Morey’s eyes. Then he snorted as if
disgusted at himself.

  “Did you get anything from Ared Zorn
or the driver of the hearse ?” he demanded.

  I told about my interview with Ared
Zorn.

  “Well, you better see the old man be-
fore you write your yams,” Morey said
after I’d finished. “He wants to have fin-
ger in every angle of this case. You’ll
probably find him mumbling prayers in
his beard.”

  “Anybody in his office now?” I asked.

  “I don’t know. I never know since he
had that second door cut through into the
back hall. Hodge went out to get a pre-
scription for his nerves. Keller finally
started off on his morning assignment.”
And half under his breath Morey grum-
bled: “Swell fun to have the owner’s
nephew for a cub. . . ”

•	I went across the door of the old man’s

private office and knocked. There wasn’t
any answer. I knocked again, louder, be-
cause the old man is deaf. Still no an-
swer—and I pushed the door open.

  The ghastly sight which met my gaze
made every muscle in my body snap as
stiff as a steel rod. The blood in my
veins congealed. Horror rocked my
senses.

  For the old man, his face purple and
eyes glassy, sat slumped low against the
back of his desk chair—strangled to death!

CHAPTER THREE

Discovery in the Cemetery

TOURING the rest of that day, that night
and the next day, the horror I had
felt increased a hundredfold and spread
throughout the city. For crime after crime,
usually a robbery with someone murdered
and yet someone else left alive to tell the
tale, was committed. And always the
someone else left alive told a gruesome
tale of a monster with a hairless head,
burned face, and two accomplices who
looked like living corpses.

  The murder of the owner of the Daily
Examiner, coupled with the fact that My-
ron Zorn’s body had disappeared from its
coffin when the hearse had been wrecked,
convinced people the monster was Zorn.
The inability of the police to find clues
pointing to any other murderer was even
further proof. Either still alive or re-
turned from the dead, Zorn had risen from
his coffin and begun to carry out the
threats he had uttered in the death cham-
ber.

  Tonight, the second night after the old
man’s murder, stark terror gripped the
city. Since dark the streets had been
nearly deserted. Those few forced to be
abroad, their eyes wide with fear, clung
to patches of light.

Of course we whom Zorn had treat-
U4

Dime Mystery Magazine

ened, they muttered to each other, were
doomed. That was certain. But that wasn’t
all. No one else was safe. . . .

   At about eleven o’clock, as usual, we
 put the paper to bed. Newspapers can’t
 just die with their owners. Besides, the
 Daily Examiner already had a new owner
 —the old man’s nephew, Walter Keller.

   His expectations had proved to be
 sound; he had been the old man’s sole
 beneficiary. Now, his sallow face flushed
 with excitement, he stood beside Morey
 at the city desk.

   “This first article of mine will send the
 circulation soaring,” he gloated. “I’ve ad-
 vanced the theory that some of the mys-
 terious forces of electricity are really psy-
 chic forces. Therefore a man killed by
 electricity doesn’t die as other men die.
 His mind still possesses extraordinary
 psychic powers—powers which indubita-
 bly allow him to raise his physical corpse
 from the grave.”

   Morey glowered.

   “And I’ve advanced the theory that
 Myron Zorn has returned from the grave.
 He died—yes—but not as other men die.
 . . . Scientists in this country will send
 my article all over the world to contempo-
 rary scientists!” The flush in Keller’s
 cheeks grew brighter. “Now I’m having
 my chance to make all my theories on the
 relation of electricity to the psychic world
 heard!”

   “You sound glad your uncle was killed,”
 j Morey muttered.

   “No—no, I’m very sorry!” Keller pro-
 : tested quickly. “But this phenomenon has
 j given me an oportunity to ... ”

 I I didn’t listen any longer. Though not
 even able to muster a smile for her, I
 dragged myself wearily over to Nan’s
 desk. She sat there, her pretty face pale
 and drawn, still intent on that conceited
 fool’s ranting.

   “Please don’t be bothered by the bunk
 he spouts,” T begged. “He’s crazy."

  “I—I wonder,” Nan husked. Then she
lifted fearful eyes. “The prison doctor
swears Myron Zorn was dead when he
examined him. Yet who can this man
with the burned face be except Myron
Zorn ? Who else would commit such
brutal murders? Who else would have
killed Mr. Keller?”

  “I don’t know,” I answered frankly.
“But I do know the fiend can’t be Zorn.
I saw Zorn die. The prison doctor swears
he did die. That means he’s still dead.”
“Yet three people he’s tortured and left
alive have recognized him,” Nan qua-
vered. “And those two corpses . . . ?
They’ve both been recognized as Zorn’s
two henchmen who were electrocuted last
month. And why would they have tor-
tured the man who sent them to the elec-
tric chair if they hadn’t been the ones
who wanted revenge?”

  Earlier in the evening a man who had
been instrumental in sending Myron
Zorn’s two henchmen to the chair had
been assaulted. But instead of being killed,
he had been horribly tortured and left
alive to suffer. He had claimed that he
had recognized the faces of his torturers.
The police, however, had held that terror
inspired by newspaper stories had made
him imagine he recognized them. . . .

  “I don’t know,” I muttered again.

  God, if only I did know! Ever sine*'
the old man had been murdered, with th«"
exception of two hours sleep which sheer
exhaustion had demanded, I had sought
for some way to smash the horror grip-
ping the city—sought in vain. If only I
could get a lead!

  “I wonder whose turn’s next,” a sar-
donic voice said.

  Harry Kent had appeared from some-
where. He draped one leg over the comer
of Nan’s desk.

  “Let’s see,” he continued, “there’re five
of us left in the top flight of workers on
this rag who helped push Zorn so rudely
Convicts from Hell

115

into the hot squat: Nan, you, me, Morey
and Hodge. I wonder which will—”

  “Stow it, Kent!” I snapped.

  “But I—”

  “God!” a young reporter burst into
the city room. “I—something—something
terrible—” He choked.

  “Come on, come on, what’s the mat-
ter?” Morey bellowed.

  “In the vacant lot back of the building
—I just found—Gramp Hodge!” The
young reporter swallowed. “He’s been—
strangled to death!”

  “And now,” Kent murmured softly,
“there are only four of us. . . . ”

TVTAN uttered a little whimper, swayed
to her feet, clutched my arm. A hard
groan rattled from my own throat. Hide-
ous thoughts streamed through my brain.
This tragedy, the horror of it added to
the horror of the last two days, rocked
the reason to which I had clung so des-
perately.

  First the old man—and now Hodge!
Good God, the fiend was carrying out the
threat Myron Zorn had made in the death
chamber! But that didn’t really prove
anything. ... I tried to pin myself to
logic. The fiend couldn’t be Zorn—
couldn’t!

  Yet the dreadful uncertainty in my
mind wouldn’t be stifled. He looked like
Zorn. Other people beside myself had
noticed the resemblance. And a person
who should know had sworn that the two
accomplices were Zorn’s two henchmen
who had been electrocuted last month.

  “And now there are only four of us!”

  Harry Kent’s words kept pounding
through the back of my head. Only four
of us: Kent, Morey, myself—and Nan!
And Nan might be next! My whole body
trembled.

  Morey, Kent, Keller and most of the
others who had been in the office crowded

toward the door. Morbid curiosity had
conquered the revulsion they knew the
sight of poor Hodge would cause.

  Realizing there was no use in trying to
catch this fiend by chasing wildly around
the city, I stayed with Nan.

  “Bob . . . !” Her voice was hoarse.
“He’s the second! The—the murderer is
Myron Zorn . . . returned from the grave
for his revenge!”

  “You mustn’t believe that.” I whispered.
I swung one arm around her and drew
her close to me. "It’s impossible—utterly
impossible.”

  If only I could believe beyond any
doubt what I was attempting to make her
believe . . . !

  She clung to me, her eyes wide and
terrified, her face even paler.

  I had to do something! I had to get
this monster before he could kill Nan!
Kill the girl I loved—God! At the thought
my heart congealed into a cold weight of
fear in my breast. But what could I do?
I didn’t know what I was hunting—a
man or a thing. . . .

  Morey had returned to the city room.
He muttered: “I’d better call the police.
Though I don’t suppose they’ll be able
to do any more this time than—”

  “Morey,” I interrupted, leaving Nan
and meeting him at his desk, “I’ve got to
be gone a little while. Will you guard
Nan until I come back again?”

 “Why — sure,” Morey answered.
“Where’re you—”

  “I can’t tell you,” I said. “It may not
mean anything at all. . . . Will you keep
her in your sight every minute?”

  “Sure, Bob, sure,” he promised.

  I crossed to Nan and told her to stick
to Morey. She, too, wanted to know where
I was going. I repeated what I had an-
swered Morey.

  “But something may happen to you!”
Sudden panic swept into her voice. She
116

Dime Mystery Magazine

grabbed my elbow. “The fiend may—”

  “Don’t worry, honey,” I said gruffly.
Then I pulled away from her and hur-
ried down to the door.

HPHERE wasn’t even a cab in front of
1 * the office; I had to go two blocks be-
fore I found one parked in the bright light
of a street lamp. The driver’s face was
pinched with fear.

  “Brooklawn Cemetery,” I ordered.

  He stiffened in his seat.

  “Come on—let’s get going,” I said.

  Reluctantly he kicked his starter,
meshed the gears, wheeled out from the
curb. I lit a cigarette and dragged in a
couple of nervous puffs of smoke.

  I had to know who was executing My-
ron Zorn’s threats. It couldn’t be Zorn.
Logic told me it couldn’t . . . but I had
to be convinced beyond the power of mere
logic.

  I had to have actual proof!

  In about fifteen minutes we reached
the nearest comer of the cemetery. I had
the driver take me along to the main gate
and the caretaker’s lodge.

  “Wait for me,” I commanded as I
stepped to the ground.

  I left him while he was still whining a
frightened protest, walked up to the door
of the lodge, knocked. After a few mo-
ments a wizened old man inched the door
open.

  “I’m a detective from headquarters,” I
lied. I didn’t want to waste time on argu-
ment about what I wished him to do for
me. “I’ve got orders to inspect the Jorret
family tomb. . . . Here’s a ten to pay you
for the trouble of coming to unlock it.”

  Terror had snapped into the old man’s
rheumy eyes at the mention of the name
Jorret. But avarice crawled through the
terror when he caught sight of money. A
gnarled hand seized the bill.

  “Come this way.” He gestured for me

to enter. “I’ll get the key and a light.”
Turning, he hunched out of the room.
Presently he returned with a lantern, mo-
tioned for me to follow, led me through
to a door giving directly into the cemetery
from the rear of the house. We started
along a walk between lines of ghostly
white headstones.

  Arthur Jorret, one of Myron Zorn’s
two henchmen who had been electrocuted
last month, had come from a good family.
He had been a kid of twenty when he had
fallen under the insidious influence of
Zorn. Last month, when he had been exe-
cuted at the age of only twenty-five for
the vicious murder of a young girl, his
family had won a bitter fight with the au-
thorities of this cemetery over their right
to put his body in the old family vault. . . .

  “Here’s the tomb ye want,” the care-
taker croaked. Then fearfully: “Ye—ye
don’t think ye’re going to find anything
wrong? Ye don’t think them stories in
the newspapers is true?”

  “I don’t know,” I muttered grimly.
“Has anybody visited this tomb within
the past three days?"

  “Not—not to my knowledge,” the care-
taker answered.

  “Does anyone else have a key?”

  He shook his head.

  I drew in a slow breath, said: “Okay.
Let’s have a look.”

  He fumbled in his coat pocket, produced
a bunch of keys on a ring, held them close
to the lantern. Separating one with a
shaky hand, he pushed it into the lock. He
raised the lantern as he turned it. I could
see the muscles in his wizened face twitch.

  My own face was set; the skin felt
tight. The inside of me had gone hollow.
A clammy chill of dread because of what
we might find crawled up my spine.

  Presently, withdrawing the key, the
caretaker pulled at the huge iron door. It
creaked open. Dank air, filled with a nau-
seous odor, swirled out of the tomb.
Convicts from Hell

117

  “I—I ain’t going in there,” the care-
taker rasped. “Ye can have the lantern.”
“Where’s Arthur Jorret’s coffin?” I
asked.

“The—the bottom one on the right.”
Taking the lantern, I stepped into the
tomb and turned to the right. The bottom
coffin. My eyes flicked down the tier.
That one there. . . .

  I froze. Breath oozed between my lips
with a hissing sound. My left hand, which
held the lantern, trembled and made the
light flicker.

  For the cover of that bottom coffin had
been removed—and it was empty!

CHAPTER FOUR

Death in False-Face

T HARDLY remember stumbling from
that tomb. The ghastly significance of
the empty coffin had driven the capability
of clear thought from my brain. As if I
had dreamed the actions, I dimly recol-
lect locking the door of the tomb for the
terrified caretaker and hurrying with him
down to his lodge. I recollect that he
begged me to take him to the city and
that I assented.

  During the ride my mind whirled with
horror. I had come to the cemetery to
prove that, because Arthm Jorret’s body
was in its coffin, one of the supposedly
resurrected corpses was a fake. That
would mean that the other supposed corpse
and the creature who resembled Myron
Zorn were also fakes.

  But now . . . !

  “Faster—faster!” I shouted to the dri-
ver of the cab.

  I sat tense on the edge of the seat. The
thing I had believed impossible might be
true! Keller’s theories, which I had con-
sidered so ridiculous, might be correct!
. . . How was I going to protect Nan?
How could I guard her from a creature

with power to bring not only himself but
others back to life?

  Despair clutched my heart.

  Yet I must! I clenched my fists. Some-
how I must—and would!

  Now we had reached the center of the
city. There was little traffic; we careened
down the main street and jolted to a stop
in front of the office.

  I jumped out to the sidewalk, the old
caretaker of the cemetery following me,
then I heard brakes scream and a hoarse
voice shout my name. I wheeled to see a
burly form lurch from a second cab.

  Morey! And he was alonel

  “Where’s Nan?” T shouted at him.

  “I took her to—” he choked.

  Suddenly I noticed that his shirt front
was drenched with blood. He started to
sag; I sprang toward him and caught him.
I saw that his eyes, which were usually
so hard and cynical, were glassy with
horror.

  “God, Morey . . . tell me what’s hap-
pened to her,” I said huskily.

  “I—I thought she wasn’t safe in the
office after the others left,” he muttered
unsteadily. “I knew she wouldn’t be safe
either at her home or mine. The killer
was after both of us. So I took her to
a friend’s house. The—the friend wasn’t
there. We went around to try to fhTd a
window unlocked and—and—” His voice
cracked. Then : “It is Zorn! I saw him!
He glided out of the darkness and stabbed
me! He must’ve taken Nan! I came to
. . . and she was gone!”

  Those last words almost destroyed the
final vestige of sanity in my mind. The
fiend had Nan! I had left her—and he
had struck! An agonized groan tore from
my throat.

  But he hadn’t killed her! I seized at
that tiny hope. He would have done it
on the spot. No, he must have taken her
somewhere. He must have wanted to use
her to satisfy his . . . Desperately I stifled
118

Dime Mystery Magazine

the hideous thought of his reason for let-
ting her live. Thinking about that would
drive me completely insane. And I must
keep my head!

  Where would he have taken her? Who
might know? I could think of just one
possible person—Ared Zorn. I rushed
back to my cab and shouted Ared Zorn’s
address to the driver.

  After a ride which seemed intermina-
ble we reached the gloomy house on the
outskirts of the city. Again I ordered my
driver to wait for me. I ran up the path.

  All the windows in the front were
black. I rang the bell. No answer. I tried
the door. To my surprise I found it un-
locked. I flung it open.

  The hall inside was dark. But dim light
filtered through the doorway from the
room in which I had interviewed Ared
Zorn a couple of days ago.

  “Zorn!” I shouted, hurrying toward it.

  The sound of my voice echoed through
the house and faded into silence. There
was no response. I reached the doorway
—and stopped short.

  Ared Zorn sat in the stiff chair behind
his littered desk. He stared at me with
sightless eyes. He was dead. His blue
face told the story. Like the others, he
had. been strangled.

  I uttered a" low moan of despair. The
only one who might have told me where
to find the girl I loved—dead. Dear God,
how could I ever find her now?

  If the creature really were Myron Zorn,
if he had the power to return from the
grave, how could I ever have hoped to
save Nan? If a ghastly hoax were being
perpetrated ... I stiffened. In this mo-
ment of deepest despair my brai* began
to work. Yes, it was possible that the
whole business had been a fiendish hoax!
Cold sweat oozed from my pores.

  All other angles could have been faked.
And Myron Zorn’s ability to live after
the executioner had thrown the switch

... A person who knew a little about elec-
tricity could have managed even that.

  God, why hadn’t I thought of this long
ago!

  Twisting about, I rushed out of the
house and down to my cab. I shouted
an address to the driver. . . .

T^HE address was a dilapidated ware-
house down near the waterfront. But
on the roof of the unused building, I
knew from several visits there in the past,
was a bizarre penthouse. It was reached
by stairs from a door part way up the
alley at ©ne side of the building.

  I told the driver to stop at the nearest
corner. I didn’t want to advertise my ar-
rival. Leaping out before the cab had
even come to a complete stop, I ran down
the street and ducked into the alley.

  Just how I was going to get inside the
building I didn’t know. The door, of
course, would be locked. But perhaps I
could find a window. . . .

  Then, before I had taken more than a
dozen steps up the alley, it happened.

  I didn’t hear any sound. I just saw
the hideous white face appear out of the
darkness to my right. I tried to wheel
and swing a fist. Something crashed
down on my head. I felt my legs buckle.

  For a few moments I managed "to cling
to consciousness. Vaguely, though my
flaccid muscles refused to obey commands
to resist, I realized that a second figure
with a white face had appeared and that
the two of them were lifting me. They
carried me into the building. But instead
of taking me up toward the penthouse
they carried me down some stairs into a
dank cellar.

  Then I passed out. . . .

  I opened my eyes to a scene which
made horror grip my whole being. I
was lying on the floor of a dimly lighted
little chamber filled with the nauseous
odor of rotted flesh. Near me stood two
Convicts from Hell

119

creatures whose faces were partially de-
composed.

  God, they must be living corpses! And
one of them—I felt my sanity slip again
—did have the recognizable features of
Arthur Jorret!

  Yet that wasn’t the full extent of the
horror. I heard a voice husk my name.
Twisting my head, I uttered a stricken
cry.

  For in another part of the chamber, a
dull black suit hanging from his hunched
form, stood the hairless monster whose
shriveled red face resembled the face of
Myron Zorn! And on the floor by his
feet, half her clothes stripped from her
body, lay Nan!

  “Bob. . . !” Anguish showed through
the terror in her eyes. “Oh God . . . now
he’s got you!”

  The sight of her lying there, half
naked, with that hellish monster standing
over her, made insane fury surge up
within me. Frenziedly I tried to leap to
my feet. Only then did I realize my
wrists and ankles were bound. I strained
at the bonds.

  “I decided not to kill you—yet,” the
monster said in a rasping voice. He
chuckled. “Of course I shall kill you.
The threats must be carried out. But
first I wanted to give you the pleasure of
watching a little drama, since you so un-
fortunately happened to be in this vicin-
ity . . . You’ve noticed that I also spared
the dear lady. She’s too beautiful to die
before I have the joy of—”

  “You damned fiend!” I raged.

  The monster chuckled again, mocking-
ly. nodded to his two gruesome hench-
man and rasped: “I don’t need you here.
Do the job we planned without me.”

  Silently they shuffled out of the cham-
ber.

  “Now,” the monster croaked, bending
toward Nan, “the little drama can be-
gin----”

I" WENT through the lowest hell of

  torture during the moments that fol-
lowed. Nan, moaning in horror, tried to
cringe away from the monster’s foul
hands. But she, too, was bound; she
couldn’t escape them. His chuckles low-
ering to obscenely lascivious sounds, he
ripped at the rest of her clothes.

  I kept tugging frantically at my bonds.
The rope around my wrists slashed
through the skin and let warm blood
trickle down over my hands. But I was
numb to pain.

  God, I had to get free! That monstrous
fiend couldn’t have Nan! I had to save
her!

  The rope around my wrists seemed to
have loosened a little. If only I had more
time. But in a few instants it would be
too late. . . .

  Suddenly a desperate idea flashed into
my mind. I was near a jutting corner of
stone wall. Perhaps I could use that for
a crude knife. ... I hitched myself back
toward it.

  The creature was so absorbed with Nan
that he didn’t notice. Reaching the cor-
ner, I lifted my arms and sawed at the
rope.

  My wrists jerked free!

  Hope welled up within me. I tore at
the bonds around my ankles. . . .

  “You would, eh?”

  The monster snarled those words just
as I got the bonds loose. He whipped a
knife from under his black coat and
lunged at me. I had clawed to my knees.
I came to my feet with both fists swing-
ing. One missed; the other smashed into
the hideous face.

  But in the split second before it landed
I saw, at this close range, that the face
was only a clever mask! My suspicion
had been correct!

  The fiend rocked back a step. Then,
swiftly, he caught his balance and sprang
at me again. I ducked. Too late. The
120

Dime Mystery Magazine

blade of his knife dug into my shoulder
—and I felt life flow out of me.

  I heard Nan scream.

  “Oh, darling,” I sobbed as I sagged to
the floor. “My darling. . .

  I didn’t lose consciousness. But I lay
there, limp and helpless, while the fiend
pulled off the skull cap which had made
his head look hairless and the broken
mask which had covered his face. The
features that had been concealed were
those of Harry Kent.

  They were twisted into a characteris-
tically sardonic sneer. But his eyes, which
had always seemed devoid of any real
emotion, weren’t the eyes of the Harry
Kent we all had known; they burned with
sadistic cruelty.

  “You’ve signed her death warrant,” he
said. “I’d had an idea of pretending to
save her in the end if she suited me. With
the money I’ll have in another couple of
days I could’ve taken her on one hell of
a spree. I’ve always had a yen for her.”

  “Harry . . . you’re the monster!” Nan
husked in an incredulous voice.

  “Good God, Kent, are you mad?” I
exclaimed. “You can’t get away with
this!”

  “Can’t ?” He shrugged. “I have.”

  “But why are you doing it?” I asked.
I tried to stall for time by inducing him
to talk. I knew he was egotistical enough
to want to brag. And perhaps, in a minute
of rest, I could regain a little strength.

  “Why? First, for money.” An ava-
ricious gleam mingled with the cruelty
in his eyes. “I want a lot of money.
That’s why I went in with Zorn as a se-
cret partner a year ago. With my tips
we had chances to make a lot. But then
he fried. I couldn’t save him. But I
made him think I was going to save him
at the end. That’s why he was so brave
in the death chamber and so free with
his threats.”

IT'ENT laughed. “He thought I’d fix
the chair so he couldn’t burn. He
figured they’d have to let him go free as
a man legally dead. I did fix the chair.
When I got access to the death chamber
on the pretext of writing an article I put
some colorless lacquer impregnated with
asbestos on the electrodes. Sure, I fixed
the chair—so he’d burn slow and leave
the stage set for my act.”

  He paused to give me a moment to com-
prehend his diabolical brilliance. I kept
drawing in deep breaths of air to clear
my head.

  “It’s a pretty good act, isn’t it?” 'He
fondled the hilt of his knife. “My two
helpers arranged the wreck of the hearse
by putting a log in the road. They took
Zorn’s corpse from the coffin and hid it.
We even stole the corpses of Zorn’s two
known henchmen from cemeteries to
make everything convince the most skep-
tical snooper. Then the masks—those
were real masterpieces. Dim light and
receptive minds made them plenty con-
vincing. A touch of genius for my help-
ers were the clothes from the corpses we
stole. They gave the authentic smell.”

  I flexed my muscles.

  “Finally, all that was needed was to
have ourselves identified. It was quite sim-
ple. I began by assaulting a few people
on the streets. Then I started to execute
Zorn’s threats. That was a pleasure in
the old man’s case. In fact, I found I got
quite a kick out of murder—though I will
hate to kill N^n.” He sighed. “But now
it must be done. That is . . . soon.”

  My fists clenched.

  “My helpers tortured the man who sent
Zorn’s two real henchmen to the chair
in order to identify themselves. I tried
the same thing on Ared Zorn tonight to
make my identity stronger. But he was
too shrewd and had to die. When we
committed a robbery we usually commit-
ted a murder—to create the horror. What
Convicts from Hell

121

we wanted, and got, was a city so terrified
that we could have access to any building
and yet be in no danger. We—”

  I couldn’t stand any more of that fiend-
ish story. Drawing in a quick breath, I
pulled myself to my knees and threw my-
self at Kent’s legs.

  I took him by surprise. He toppled to
the floor as he whipped the knife down
at me. I managed to catch his wrist,
wrench it, grab the knife with my other
hand.

  Then I stabbed him in the heart. . . .

  I hardly remember what happened after
that; I had almost shot my bolt. But
somehow I did manage to free Nan. To-
gether with her holding me up most of
the way, we stumbled out of the place be-
fore Kent’s two “corpses” returned. We
found my cab still waiting. As soon as I
got inside, I passed out cold.

* * *

  I came to in the hospital. Nan, a ten-
der smile on her face, was sitting beside
the bed. I signaled for a kiss.

  “You’re going to be all right, dear,”
she whispered to me afterwards. There
was a catch in her voice.

  “Of course I am, silly,” I said. “I’ve
got a claim on the most beautiful girl in
the world and I’m sticking around to col-
lect. . . Did the cops capture Kent’s two
men ?”

  She told me they had. Later, when she

figured I had recovered enough to talk,
she asked: “How did you ever find me?
How did you come to suspect Harry
Kent?”

  “I should’ve suspected him long before
I did,” I grunted. “First, I began to be-
lieve in the hoax. When Morey, whom
Kent failed to kill in his hurry to get you,
told me you were gone, I went to Ared
Zorn’s. He’d acted so nervous that I fig-
ured he must know something. But I
guess his nervousness was just fear that
his brother really had returned to life.
Then, when I found Ared Zorn dead, I
came to my senses. The most convincing
thing about the hoax was Myron Zorn’s
living after the switch had been thrown.
Suddenly I remembered that Kent had
been in the death chamber alone and
that he knew enough about electricity to
fix the chair. It occurred to me such a
hoax would be a typical product of his
clever but warped mind. So I came to
his penthouse—or rather, his cellar.”

  I caught my breath after all that talk-
ing.

  “Free speech is not one of my beliefs,”
I said with a grin. “How about paying
for the one I just made?”

  She lowered her head to pay.

  “And, honey,” I whispered in a min-
ute, “let’s forget the whole horror. Let’s
catch up on happiness.”

  She nodded.

                   THE END

GEORGE ALDEN EDSON

Is a Regular Contributor of
Poise-Quickening Mystery Terror Tales to

DIME MYSTERY MAGAZINE

•	Next Issue	•	Out March 10th!
THE manuscript, which is written in faded ink on pages torn out of a ship’s log,
was found by a geologist named John Norman. Engaged in a mapping tour
which extended from Juneau east to the western slope of the Canadian Rockies,
he records that he discovered it near the center of the great basin which lies in latitude
59, long. 128 west, sealed in a glass jar. No other information is furnished by Mr.
Norman save the small item of geological information which concludes this story. We

present it verbatim, and leave to the reader
prejudices and convictions:

  I am making this record—so begins the MS.
—more for the purpose of giving myself some-
thing to do for an hour or so, rather than in
the hope that it serve any useful purpose to us
who are condemned to a living death in eternity,
or to those who may conceivably discover it
after I have thrown it overboard. What has
happened is so strange, so weirdly horrible, that
I can find no words to describe it in terms that
a possible reader might understand. Neverthe-
less, I shall try, in a three-dimensional form of
expression, to describe what can only be a sort
of fourth-dimensional experience, and hope that
some day science and metaphysics will have
advanced to the point where human beings may
be able to understand what has happened to us.

  The Queen Charlotte, bound north from Ta-
coma, was a fantastically alarming spectacle—
especially to one conversant with the supersti-
tions and mores of the sea—when I went down
to board her on that cloudy, cold afternoon in
late February. For one thing, she had a decided
list to port. For another, the rats were pouring
out of her like disturbed flics from a rotting
carcass. These things added to the mood of pro-
found melancholy that had plagued me all day
—and gave very definite evidence that the voy-
age ahead of me was a thing to be dreaded.
For there is hardly a man who follows the sea
but believes in the unfailing omens of disaster
that a merciful Providence affords to sailormen.
122

the task of explaining it according to his

 Nevertheless, since I had signed the articles as
 second mate, I was honor-bound to make the
 voyage; so in spite of my certain knowledge
 of impending doom, I boarded the vessel.

   I found the ship in almost a state of mutiny.
 The captain and first officer, Mr. Williamson,
 held the crew aboard at pistol’s end. I had no
 sooner boarded than the order was given to cast
 off, and only after we had hoisted sail and were
 many miles at sea did the captain relax his
 vigilance and abandon the poop. He called me
 into his cabin, for I was a new man to him and
 to the Queen Charlotte.

   He gazed at me speculatively for a few mo-
ments as I stood before him, his cold grey eyes
seeming to plunge into the hidden recesses of
my mind; and I could feel the icy inhumanity
of the man as it had struck me at our first meet-
ing. Indeed, I regretted the necessities that had
forced me to take this voyage with a strange
master of no very savoury reputation, and on a
hulk which was generally regarded as a hell
ship.

   "I trust, Mr. Sanders,” were his first words,
 “that you take no stock in the childish nonsense
 that is being babbled for’ard?”

   It was a question and a challenge at the same
 time. I met it according to the dictates of my
 conscience. “As a matter of fact, Captain
 Doone,” I replied, “I cannot truthfully say that
Dark Council

123

I do not believe in the significance of rats
leaving a ship about to -embark on a voyage. . . .
However, my presence here should be proof to
you that I shall do my duty and carry out the
orders of my superior officers to the end.”

  Again he subjected me to that cold, unemo-
tional scrutiny that was like the malevolent
glare of ice-blink in the north latitudes. After
a time he grunted—a sound in which infinite
contempt was mingled with frigid anger.

  “It seems,” he said, “that 1 have shipped a
gang of milk-sops and idiots. . . . That will be
all, Mr. Sanders. Your watch below, I be-
lieve . .

  That night in my first watch the men seemed
quiet, if sullen and despondent. I went forward
past the break of the poop, leaned on the rail,
and gazed out to sea with a feeling in my heart
that no words can describe. It was not so much
the feeling—nay, the convition—‘that I and all
this ship’s crew were going to our death; it was
something infinitely more terrible—more dev-
astatingly unbearable than that. I telt that we
were literally sailing into another world. I was
like one who has turned his face from the earth,
leaving all dear, familiar, and comfortable
sights, sounds, and experiences behind him. My
b' yfiges were burned—I was facing a cold, alien
world from which there would be no returning.
And yet, many and many a time I had made this
self-same voyage on good ships and bad. From
Tacoma to Seward and back. From San Fran-
cisco, from Seattle and Vancouver, to Nome and
Bristol Bay and the Aleutians—many, many
times. I was more at home on these seaways
than on any land—and yet. ...

  Nothing was right about this voyage. The at-
mosphere of the ship was strange and alien. It
was as though, somewhere, somehow we had
turned a corner and did not know how to get
back. . . .

  Turned a comer! How often in the months
that followed I would think of that phrase!
How thin a partition separates human beings
from the unknown land that has somehow
trapped us and our vessel. There would be some
point in writing this if I could send hack a
warning—specific directions—of how to avoid
the fate that has befallen us. But I cannot. I
can only tell what happened.

  The next day we made a disturbing discovery.
Apparently every atom of food aboard was
spoiled. The flour was mildewed and mouldy.
The meat was rotten and maggot-infested. Even
the jerked meat was all but inedible, and such
canned goods as we had aboard showed bulging
tops and bursting seams from the gaseous pres-
sure of the corruption within. This discovery
nearly precipitated another riot, and strident de-
mands came from the forecastle that we return

immediately to reprovisbn. The captain refused,
and quieted the men with the promise that we
would restore the larder at the first port of
call. That would be Vancouver which we could
be sure of rcaching before the month was out

  But on the day following it was found that
the water-butts had started seams, and prac-
tically every drop of fresh water aboard had
been lost, trickling down through the course of
the night into the bilge.

  Then, indeed, we had our hands full. The
men had secured a few firearms, somewhere,
and headed by a huge Swede by the name of
Larsen, they charged the poop. The first offi-
cer and Captain Doone each killed a man. I
fired over their heads, thus incurring a black
look from the master, but I could not bring my-
self to shoot the poor devils. • At length quiet
was restored, the leaders of the mutiny clapped
into the lazarette, and we sailed on.

  No need to recount the minor trials of the
remainder of that horrible voyage. Suffice it to
say that it soon appeared that we had, indeed,
sailed into an alien world. Our instruments still
recorded with seeming accuracy. The sextant,
the chronometer, and the compass appeared to
register our position as faithfully as of yore—
but we were nonetheless lost as surely as though
every instrument has been thrown overboard.

  The time came when we should have been
nearing Vancouver—but we made no landfall.
Our instruments told us that we rriust be di-
rectly opposite Juan de Fuca Strait—but we
saw no sign that this was so. We turned and
sailed directly east—according to our instru-
ments—and we never saw land. We sailed for
weeks. We sailed until we should have been
half-way across the American continent—near
the 100th meridian, our instruments said—and
still nothing met onr perishing gaze but track-
less, endless, illimitable miles of ocean. And
then, again, we turned north.

  It is strange that we lived for those weeks
and months. We had no water or food. We
were starving and dying of thirst—but we did
not die! We suffered the tortures of the
eternally lost and damned in the deepest pit of
hell—but death would not come to end our
agonies. We were a wasted, shrivelled com-
pany of walking skeletons; our skin blackened,
our hair sere and dank, our eyes staring metal
globes ringed by fevered, fiery flash. Each man
gazed upon his neighbor with livid horror writh-
ing in his brain, plain to see on his ghastly,
cadaverous face. But we could not die. . . .

  And on and on, forever on we sailed.

  One day the captain threw the sextant and the
chronometer into the sea. With an ax, then, he
shattered the binnacle and destroyed the com-
pass. “Liar I” he screamed in a voice that was
START

$2260 to $2100 YEAR
Men—Women

Common Education Usually Sufficient
Influence Not Needed

New 40 hour week means many Postal

Vacancies

 Effective Oct. 1, 1935, the Postal department went on a
 40 hour week. This means many appointments.

City Mail Carriers, Post
Office Clerks

  Clerks and carriers now get
$1,700 the first year regular and
automatically increase $100
year to $2,100 and $2,300. The
40-hour week is expected to bring
many appointments.

Railway Postal Clerks

 Railway Postal Clerks get $1,900 the first year regu-
 lar, being paid on the first and fifteenth of each month.
 ($79.17 each pay day.) Their pay is automatically
 increased yearly to $2,460. Advance may be had to
 Chief Clerk at $2,700 a year. ($112.50 each pay day.)

                  Customs Inspector
 Salary $2,100 to start. Men 23 to 45. Work connected
 witii examining baggage and merchandise entering the
 country from foreign parts covering boats, trains, roads,
 automobiles, etc.

p**re

File Clerk

 Open to Men—Women 18 to
50. Entrance salary $1260—
$1440 Year. Apinjintments as
File Clerks and Clerks in the De-
partments at Washington, D. C.,
are made from this examination.

Get Ready At Once

 Experience is usually unnecessary and political influence
 is not permitted. Let us show you how to get a government
 job.

Get Free List of Positions

 Fill out the following ooupon. Tear it off and mail it
 today—now, at once.

 This investment may result in your getting a life big-
 paid government job.

FRANKLIN INSTITUTE, Dept. F175, Rochester, N. Y.

 Gentlemen: Rush to me, FREE of charge, list of U. S.
 Government big pay jobs. Send me FREE 82-page book
 describing salaries, vacations, hours, work, and full par-
 ticulars on how to get one of these jobs.

Name ................................................

 Address

 like the shrieking of a loon. “Liar—liar—liar 1”
 And swung the ax crashing down. And then
 he lay stricken upon the poop and made no
 move for many days. . . .

  It was I who first saw the ship.

  Strangely, I could make no move, for a time.
It was like a horrible nightmare. I would not
—could not believe that my eyes were not play-
ing me false. I was frozen by the fear that it
was but an illusion of my fevered brain—and
then, when I would scream the gladsome news
to my mates, my voice failed me. Only a chok-
ing, dry husk came from my throat that hardly
sounded in my own dulled ears. I remembered,
then, that other seaman the poet wrote about—
that Ancient Mariner whose ship had likewise
transgressed the law of the sea and sailed into
an ocean of nothingness. I remembered the line:
“. . . . I bit my wrist, I sucked the blood and
cried ‘A sail! A sail!’ ”

  As he had done, I bit my wrist and the turgid
blood oozed out enough to moisten my palate
and the chords of my throat. I shouted, “Sail-
ho!” and sank upon the deck.

  But none answered that call. All lay about
the deck where they had been lying these many
weeks and not a man showed by the slightest
movement that he had heard.

  For a long time I lay there, watching that
ship come on, and the weakness and pain of my
body would not permit me to signal her nor
even to give her a hail as she drew close enough
for them to hear me. But it was plain that she
had sighted us, that she was coming on to in-
vestigate this strange derelict that rolled in the
trough of the sea and yet forged onward at
good speed with sails flapping listlessly on the
masts. And soon I could see the men about the
forecastle deck, others in the rigging, and all
occupied with the business of sailing their ves-
sel as all normal ships are sailed. . . . And yet,
I thought, it is strange that all goes so quietly
aboard that ship. For never had I seen men
behave that way when a passing vessel is
sighted. It is a rare enough occurrence to draw
the attention of the entire crew on ships main-
taining even the most rigorous discipline—but
not a head was turned toward us save that of
the helmsman.

  The ship came on. And now, desperation
drove me to my feet and I found the strength
to lift a shout of terror. For the vessel was
closing down upon us under full sail. If she
kept her course another minute she would ram
us and send both ships to the bottom of the sea.
But my shrieks were in vain.

  The bowsprit of the oncoming vessel loomed
amidships and I grabbed the rail and set my
body for the shock—but there was no shook!

  The ship sailed on—cleaving through our mid-
dle as though ours was a vessel of cob-webs;
and not a tremor, not a sound signalled to my
straining, anguished senses that we had been

124
rammed. The body of the vessel shot through
ours—and was gone. And with it went my con-
sciousness, and I fell upon the deck like a storm-
felled mast. . . .

  I know not how long I lay senseless upon
the deck of the accursed ship, but when I
awakened it was to find our vessel gliding into
what seemed a great inland bay. A shoreless
expanse of mirror-calm water shown beyond
the rocky abuttments of the entrance, and some-
how I knew that an end to our suffering was in
sight.

  As the ship swept through that narrow pass-
age I looked in growing wonder and awe upon
the rocky walls that rose on either side. Like
opalescent glass, they were—but like no glass I
had ever seen before. They shimmered with the
colors of the rainbow, and seemed glossed over
with a flowing, swirling sheen of light that was
never still and never twice the same. It made
me dizzy and sick to watch—for all that it was
the most beautiful sight I have ever looked upon
—but the strangeness of it all drove fresh
anguish of fear into my heart, and I dreaded
the unguessable things their weird appearance
portended.

  And yet, those beautiful walls were, indeed,
the herald of the end of our physical suffer-
ing. We had no sooner left them behind
and passed into the quiet, shoreless sea beyond
than every man rose from the deck and gath-
ered at the rail. I felt the hunger and drought
leave my body, to be replaced by a feeling of
lightness and health, and I knew that what had
happened to me had happened to all the crew. It
was strange, though, that this physical change
occasioned me no joy—nor brought an expres-
sion of happiness to the faces of my companions.
They stood there at the rail, where I joined
them, and stood gazing back at the rocky escarp-
ment of the coast we were rapidly leaving be-
hind—but they spoke no word and I felt no
urge to speak to them.

  Time . . . what is time? I thought we might
have stood there for hours as the ship plowed
onward through that quiet sea—t>ut perhaps it
was weeks. We never moved nor felt any need
for movement. The captain came down from
his poop and joined us, but he spoke no word
to us and we did not address him. We stood
and waited—and at long length the ship came
to rest. . . .

  As I finish this account of the strange last
voyage of the Queen Charlotte I feel a vague
restlessness stealing over my senses. Is it the
beginning of the thing that has driven all the
crew but myself into the quiet, turgid waters
of this eerie sea? Is it the thing that drove
them shrieking to throw themselves over the
rail in search of surcease from the madness that
writhed in their brains?

  There is no sun nor moon nor stars above this
sinister water, so I cannot say how long ago it
was that the first man went over. It was little

WE WANT

you TO TEST

the Weil Belt at our ExpenseI

DON’T let a "bay window” make you the butt
of locker room jokes! The Weil belt will
take 3 INCHES off that paunchy waistline IN 10 DAYS
or it won’t cost you a red cent]

■	If you want that well-set-up appearance, get rid of the
fat this easy way! No starvation diets... no strenuous
exercises .. . just get into a Weil belt and appear inches
smaller at once. You will feel, as well as look like a new
man as the fat actually disappears. Vitality and pep will
come back when your sagging abdominal muscles are
properly supported. Many wearers state that it aids digestion
and relieves constipation!

REDUCE YOUR WAIST
| INCHES IN lO DAYS

. . . or no cost I

■	It would take a whale of a lot of nerve to make soch an
agreement if we didn't know, from the experiences of
hundreds of men that our claims are conservative. W. T.
Anderson writes“Lost 50 lbs."; W. L. McGinnis says“Waist
is 8 inches smaller". Fred Wolfe says* Feel likeanew man.”

■	These men and many others are so enthusiastic about
tneir new lease onlifethat they write us about it! It will do
as much for you .. .why not prove it at our expense 1

DON’T WAIT, FAT IS DANGEROUS I

S Insurance companies think twice before they insure a
t man ... doctors warn against overweight. Why not get
that dangerous fat off before it harms your health?

■	The Weil method is safe and sun .. .it’s the gentle
massage-like action as you walk or sit at your desk that
does the trick! And you feel more comfortable than you do
without it. Don’t carry around that excess baggage any
longer! Mail the coupon today! NOWtl_

SEND FOR 10 DAY FREE TRIAL OFFER

THE WEIL CO., Inc.. 4S2 HILL ST.. NEW HAVEN. CONN.

Gentlemen: Send me FREE, your illustrated folder describing
The Weil Belt and full details of your 10 day FREE Trial Offer.

Name. . -—.....

Address_
Don't Dynamite
Kidneys

         Irritated kidney or bladder passages should
         not be treated with strong pills or salts
         unless the doctor says so. The irritation
         should be SOOTHED...the in-
         flammation gently reduced. Do
         this with genuine East Indian
         santalwood oil — the world's
         best—as found in Santal Midy
         Capsules. Known to millions
         all over the globe as the safe
         way to soothe kidneys and
         bladder. Sold by druggists
         _everywhere.

Be Your Own
MUSIC
Teacher

  LEARN AT HOME

 to play by note. Piano, Violin,

 Ukulele, Tenor Banjo, Hawaiian
 Guitar, Piano Accordion, Saxophone,

 Clarinet or any other instrument.

 Wonderful Improved method. Sim-
 ple as A B C. No “numbers'* or
 trick music. Cost averages only a
 few cents a day. Over 700,000
 students.

 rocc DAA|t Write today for Free Booklet and Freo Demonstration
 Lesaon explaining thin method in detail. Tell what your
 favorite instrument is and write name and address plainly.

 U. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC 3673 Brunswick Bide., New York City

TIRE PRICES CUT!

on GOODYEAR,. W#®

FISK*U*C> AND other fft'■
nan u a famous makes '<%>/„ . •

Here are the outstanding standard
brand tire bargains of the year, re-
paired by theimproved*'cri88-croeB,
method and by skilled workmen. You
take no risk when you buy from York,
the old reliable

  We Receive
  Hundreds of
  letters Uke this

  **I bonirht. • 84x4M
  of tod 2 years ago
  and it is on my truck
  yet and good for an-
  other year.”—John
  H.SilTertborn.Mich.

                    tire house with 19
                    years of service In
                    this field. Thou-
                    sands of tire users
                    throughout the
                    U. S. declare our
                    tires give them
                    LONG, SATISFAC-
                    TORY SERVICE. Buy Now —at
                    these reduced prices and SAVE MONEY.

    Don't Delay — Order TodayI
 BALLOON TIRES
 Size Rim Tires Tubes

  29x4.40-21 $1.85 $0.1

  29x4.50-20 2.00	.1

  30x4.60-21 2.10	J

  28x4.75-19 2.15	.1

  29x4.75-20 2.20	.1

  29x5.00-19 2.55	1.1

  30x5.00-20 2.55	l.<

          2.60	'

 6.25-17
 28x5.25-18

*5536-19

 30x5.25-20
 31x5.25-21

    5.50-17 2.95

 28x6.50-18	2.95
 29x5.50-19 2.95

    6.00-17	3.10
 30x0.00-18 3.10
 31x0.00-19 3.10
 32x6.00-20 3.10
 33x0.00-21	3.25
 82x6.50-20 3.35

    6.00-16	3.65

    REGULAR CORD
 Sbw Tires TubesiSize Tires Tubes
 30x3 M $1.85 $0.75|33x4>4 $3.10 <1.16

.8^|34x4 X 3.10 1.16
30x6 3.30 1.35
*85133x5 3.40 1.46

           31x4

         32x4	2.6S

         83x4	2.65

        34x4	2.90 ____

32x4W	3.00 1.16135x5 3.55 1.56

        HEAVY DUTY TRUCK TIRES

                      (High Pressure)

 2.60	i!i5 Size Tires Tubes Size Tires Tubes

 2.60	1.15 30x5 *3.70 *1.95 34x7 $9.95 $3.26
           33x6 3.75 1.45
           “ • " “.95

 itt|

 2.00

36x6 9.00 3.96

 TRUCK BAL
 Size Tires Tubes

  G.OO-K) $3.25 $1.65
  6.50-20 3.60 1.95
  7.00-20 4.85 2.95

 38x7 9.95 3.95
 36x8 10.65 3.95
 40x8 12.65 4.15
 LOON TIRES
 Size Tires Tubes
 7.50-20 $5.40 3.75
 8.25-20 7.60 $4.96
 9.00-20 9.40 6.66
 0.75-20 12.95 6.45

 SEND ONLY $1.00 DEPOSIT on each tire ordered.
 ($4.00 on each Truck Tire,) Wo ship balance C. O. D.
 Deduct 5 per cent if cash is sent in full with order. To
 fill order .promptly we may substitute brands if neces-
 sary. ALL TUBES BRAND NEW-GUARANTEED—
 HEAVY GAUGE CIRCULAR MOLDED. Guard against
 price advances. Order Now. We agree to replace at
 half price any tire failing to give 9 months* service.

 YORK TIRE & RUBBER CO., Depfcl570-A
 38SS-S9 Cottage Grove Ave.__Chicago, 111.

 Cox, the cabin boy. For a time he "ran shriek-
 ing about the ship, crying in a strange high
 voice without words—and at last cast himself
 into the water. We watched him listlessly, no
 man making a move to rescue him—for we knew
 that we were all beyond rescue. He lay there
 quietly, buoyed up, somehow, so that most of his
 small body was above the surface of the water.
 He stared up at us with a strange, questioning
 look on his drawn, young face—and we gazed
 back at him, blankly, stupidly. Then, slowly he
 turned over and began swimming away. Slowly,
 he went, at first, with smooth, rythymic strokes
 —then faster, and still faster, until it seemed he
 was swimming with a speed far beyond the
 powers of any mortal. We watched him until,
 at last, he disappeared—a diminishing speck on
 the measureless breast of that still, oily
 ocean. . . .

   One by one they went like that—all in the
 same direction. All with an accelerating speed
 that no man ever swam with before.

   What shore awaits them? Is there, beyond
 that sinister, far horizon release from terror
 and pain? Is there forgiveness for the trans-
 gressions of this ship, release from the doom
 brought down upon all our heads by its mas-
 ter? For I know, now, that a curse has been
 upon us from the start.

   Captain Doone was the last man to go over
 the side. Before he sprang into the sea his
 voice was given back to him and he seemed to
 pray.

   “Forgive me!” he shrieked and lifted his face
 to the empty sky. “Forgive me for not answer-
 ing your call. You men who died on the ship
 I passed while you signalled for aid—forgive
 mel”

   Then he rose and flung himself from the rail.

   It is true, then, the tale that was told about
 the wharfs in Tacoma. Captain Doone, on his
 last trip down from Alaska, had disregarded a
 distress signal. . . .

   But I must end this. My blood boils in my
 veins. I seem obsessed with fiends who twist
 my brain in its skull, who pluck at my nerves
 and claw at my throat so that I long to shriek
 aloud. I must make an end. ... I must go to
 whatever shore my shipmates have found—for
 there lies my destiny ... I know it. . .

   Thus ends the only available account of
 the last voyage of the Queen Charlotte,
 reported lost at sea many decades ago.
 And the account is accompanied by a
 statement, from the man who found the
 MS., which may or may not possess
 significance:

  “The basin in which this MS. wai
 found,” notes Mr. Norman, “was once
 the site of a great inland sea which, geo-

126
 logical records show, extended, from what
 is now the western coast of Canada, east
 to approximately the location of Great
 Slave Lake. This sea disappeared at the
 time the northern Canadian Rockies were
 formed—many hundreds of thousands of
 years ago.”

   Men, there are, who claim to have come
 back from the dead. Others liave stories
 to tell which have the ring of truth—and
 yet are as strange as the one we have pre-
 sented here. All over the world, and in all
 ages, records of experiences that seem to
 surpass what is known of normal, human
 life have sprung up to set men wondering
 and speculating. We are not able to judge
 what is true and what is not—unless we
 adopt some rigid standard of comparison
 that admits nothing not capable of physi-
 cal proof. But, at least, we may thrill to
 the unusual, the weird, and the inexplic-
 able. Readers of DIME MYSTERY
 MAGAZINE have become connoisseurs
 of such stories.

 Relieve
 Pain In 9
 Minutes

NEURITIS

 To relieve the torturing pain of Neuritis, Rheumatism,
 Neuralgia or Lumbago in 9 minutes, get the Doctor’s
 Prescription NURITO. Absolutoly safe. No opiates, no
 narcotics. Does the work quickly — must relieve your
 worst pain in nine minutes or your money back at
 Druggist’s. Don’t suffer. Use guaranteed NURITO today.

PSP*

                   AIR CONDITIONING
                   ELECTRIC REFRIGERATION

  fiftrfle Air Conditioning and Electric Refrigeration Train-
  ing Organization now selecting men who would like to
  prepare for positions as local Service and Installation
  Experts. Many make $30.00-$50.00 a week. No ex-
  perience needed. We will train you in your spare time

  to* |Ma lateresHn* work. For farther facts, without obligation, send
  roar name' and addreas, are occupation. Utilities Engineering
  institute. Box 1236. 400-410 N.Wells St.. Chicago. Illinois.

Home Study

Accountancy Training

     Accountants who know their work
     command responsible positions and
     good incomes. And the need for
     trained accountants is growing.

      About 12,000 Certified Publio Ac-
      countants in U. S. and many thou-
      sands more executive accountants.

      Many earn $3,000 to $20,000. We
      train you thoroughly at home in your
      spare time for C. P. A. examinations
      or executive accounting positions.

      Previous bookkeeping knowledge un-
      necessary-we ---------------------

WAKE UP YOUR
LIVER BILE—

Without Calomel—And You’ll Jump Out of Bed
in the Morning Rarin’ to Go

   The liver should pour out two pounds of liquid
 bile into your bowels dally. If this bile Is not flow-
 ing freely, your food doesn't digest It Just decays
 in the bowels. Gas bloats up your stomach. You get
 constipated. Your whole system is poisoned and you
 feel sour, sunk and the world looks punk.

   Laxatives are only makeshifts. A mere bowel move-
 ment doesn't get at the cause. It takes those good,
 old Carter's Mttle Liver Pills to get these two pounds
 of bile flowing freely and make you feel “up and up.”
 Harmless, gentle, yet amazing In making bile flow
 freely. Ask for Carter's Little I.lver IMlls by name.
 Stubbornly refuse anything else. 25c at all drug stores.

Chicago

Kidneys Must
Clean Out Acids

   The only way your body can clean out Acids and poi-
 sonous wastes from your blood is thru 9 million tiny,
 delicate Kidney tubes or filters, but beware o£ cheap,
 drastic, irritating drugs. If functional Kidney or Bladder
 disorders make you suffer from Getting Up Nights, Nerv-
 ousness, Leg Pains, Backache, Circles Under Eyes, Dizzi-
 ness, Rheumatic Pains, Acidity, Burning, Smarting or
 Itching, don’t take chances. Get the Doctor’s guaranteed
 prescription called Cystex (Siss-Tex). Works fast, safe
 and sure. In 48 hours it must bring new vitality, and Is
 guaranteed to do the work in one week or money back on
 return of empty package. Oystex coats only 80 a dose at
 druggists and the guarantee protects you.

127,

A WEEK

 Latest Popular
 Lady’s Baguette
 Wrist Watch or
 Modern Man’s
 Watch. Beautifully
 engraved and
 chased. Chromium
 finished link brace-
 let to match. Test-
 ed and regulated
 movements. Guar-
 anteed perfect
 timS-keeping and
 satisfactory serv-
 ice. Free material
 for two years.

                       Exquisitely designed Lady's soli-
       taire King or Gorgeous Man's
       Bing. Beautifully chased. Set
       with a full cut Simulated Dia-
       mond oI dazzling radiance and
       blazing blue white fire. Simu-
       lated Diamonds are pure white,
       full 21 facet cut. glitter with
       sparkling brilliancy. You will be
       amar.ed with its similarity of a perfect cut. flaw-
       less. genuine diamond costing hundreds of dollars.
       Te advertise our Simulated Diamond Rings we
       will give the above described Baguette Watch or
       Modern Man’s Watch, on each ring purchased and
       paid on our liberal easy weekly payment plan.

 and adrtrmaa. No pa or* to fri*n. no inference* required. no rod

  tape. Juflt ntato size of riar or Hend strip ef paper for measure. On arrival

" ‘ - •— ‘ “ ‘ ff.fif. —g

...............................................jarjngonl:

  and you fret the watch without extra cost. Act nowt Rush order at once. Uontlot

 PoRtman *2.00 down. 'The’n "you Bond a« ROc'weeicly. folt price only W.f*.”'f'he
 Watch will not coat you any dun" on thi» offer. Price you pay its for the ring onf

 watch and ring wanted and ring t»iae.

FASHION JEWELRY CO

•9

134 NASSAU ST.
Dept. 139, New York
BE A DETECTIVE

Work home or travel. Experience unnecessary.
DETECTIVE Particulars FREE. Write NOW to
GEORGE P. R. WAGNER. 2640 Broadway, N.Y.

f A	' I have been making

K	Cental plates by

t —\ ^ mail for many

years. I have thousands of satisfied customers.
Mv methods insure satisfaction, and save you
many dollars. Guaranteed unbreakable, good
C J ki M —. looking, durable and they
dend no money fit well. Free impression
material and directions. Don't delay. Write today.
DR. HEININGER, 440 W. Huron, Dept. 372, CHICAGO

EARN MOAIEY^oSderful

PftVfiCiioN

BLCW
PORCH 1
6. SOLDERING
IRON IN ONE/

AGENTS! Make quick, steady®

PROFITS with amazing NEW lowa^ ^
tion—sella on "flash” demonstration. Main""
or side line, part or fall time. Opens biff, new market?4
WRITE—ft established for exclusive territory. Harry 1
Justrito Mfg. Co.. 2061 Southport, Dept. 7383. Chicago

Be an ARTIST

MAKE $50 TO $100 A WEEKI

 Many of our successful students are now making
 big money. Our simple methods make it fun to
 learn Commercial Art. Cartooninir and Detrisrninff at home,
 in spare time. New low tuition rate. Write for big free
 book, “ART for Plea ure find Profit,” today. State age.

STUDIO 993, WASHINGTON SCHOOL OF ART
1115—15th ST.. WASHINGTON, D. C.

HOME'ITUDY

BUSINESS TRAINING

             larger success. Free 64-Page
 How. Write now for book you want, or mail coupon
 with your name and address in margin today.

 O Higher Accountancy
 O Mod. Salesmanship
 O Traffic Management
 O Law: Degree of LL.B.
 O Commercial Law
 O Industrial Mgm’t
 O Banking and Ffhance
 O Stenotypy
 O Rail. Station Mgm’t
 O Paper Salesmanship

 O Business Mgm’t
 O Business Corres. _
 O Credit and Collection |
 Correspondence
 O Modern ForemanshlJ)
 O Personnel Mgm’t i
 O Expert Bookkeeping
 O C. P. A. Coaching
 O Business English
 O Effective Speaking

LASALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY

Dept. 3334 R____Chicago^

HowTo Secure A

Government Position

  Why worry about strikes,
  •ain ‘ ~

                              layoffs, hard times
  5YaIn now for a Government job. Increased sal-
  aries, steady work, travel, good pay. Let me
  help you become a Itailway Postal Clerk, Post
  Office Clerk, City MaJI Carrier, Rural Carrier—
  or help you get into any other Government Job
  you want. I was a Secretary Examiner of Civil
  Service Commission for 8 years. Have helped
  v?rag?l? thousands. My 32-page book
  wow ****»*' tells about government Jobs—
  and how T help to qualify you to get one. Send
  the coupon for your copy TODAY.

  A. R. Patterson, Civil Service Expert
  PATTERSON SCHOOL, 73 Case Bldg., Rochester,
  Please send me, without obligation, your free book
  a Government Position."

Name ..........................................

Addre&s ........................................

 N. Y.

 "How to Secure

Learn M

   Piano, Violin, Comet, O » 1» l£ d
   Trumpet, Mandolin, Guitar, > r Mr *

   Banjo,Organ,Accordion,Saxophane,Clarlnet

    EASY HOUE METHOD—new, fast way for beginners.
    Hakes you accomplished in amazingly short time. 800,009
    enthusiastic students. Low cost; easy terms. Satisfaction
    guaranteed. Fre. Catalog gives full details.

        NATIONAL ACADEMY OF MUSIC
   Dept. 686	1515 East 53rd Street, Chicago

BE AIITfl pypcpi                                                  
an AU1U tAi Lit 1.                                       Jib**'   
                                                        "^ATHOME  
Tired of layoffs and low pay? Send for FREE Auto        TO EARN   
Book of Big: Pay opportunities in the World's Biggest   BIG MONEY 
Business.and factsabout practical"JobWay”Train- 1           •     
ingr at home in your spare time for a Good Job with a   SEND FOR  
real future. Learn how to make money quick. No previous   FREE    
experience or special education needed. Free Employment AUTO BOOK 
fiervico and Money - Back Agreement. Write TODAY To               
MOTOR INSTITUTE OF AMERICA                                        
2140 Lawrence Ave., Dept. 0*20 » Chicago, III.                    
DON’T BE CUT

Until You Try This
Wonderful Treatment

for pile suffering. If you have piles In
any form write for a FREE sample of
Page’s Pile Tablets and you will bless
the day that yo.u read this. Write today. E. R.
Pane Co., 408-A7, Pago Bldg.. Marshall, Mich-

ASTHMA

 W. K. STERLINE.

            Treatment mailed
            on FREE TRIAL. If

 satisfied, send $1; tf
 not, it'B Free. Write
 for treatment today.
 610 Ohio Ave., SIDNEY, OHIO

DETECTIVE

 BECOME A

SUCCESSFUL	_______ __

  Earn Big Money—Travel—Exi>erlence Unnecessary. Eree Detective
  Paper and Particulars. Write NATIONAL DETECTIVE SYSTEM
  Dept. 425-M, Fremont, Nebraska. U. S. A.

Classified Advertising

Detectives

 DETECTIVES WANTED: Experience unnecessary;
 principles crime detection FREE. Send one dollar for
 Registration and Detective Identification card. Inter-
 national in scope. NATIONAL DETECTIVE BUREAU,
 427 Goodrich, Dept. “P”, San Antonio, Texas.

 BECOME A DETECTIVE—Secret Service Agent. Valu-
 able information Free. International Secret Service Insti-
 tute. PP-36, Hoboken, N. J.

Photo Finishing

  20 REPRINTS 25c. Film developed, two prints eaob
  negative. 25c. SKRUDLAND. 4118-26 Overhlll. Chicago.

  FILMS DEVELOPED. Any size 25c coin, including two
  enlargements. CENTURY PHOTO SERVICE, Box H,
  La Crosse. Wis.

Government Positions

  WANTED. Names of men desiring steady outdoor jobs;
  $1700-$2400 year; vacation. Patrol parks; protect game.
  Write Delmar Institute. A-43. Denver. Colo._

Poem—Songwriters

 WANTED: ORIGINAL POEMS. SONGS for immediate
 consideration. MMM Publishers, Dept. PP. Studio Bldg.,
 Portland. Ore.

Aviation

  ARMY AIR CORPS gives free flying training, salary,
  expenses paid. Information pamphlet, how to apply, 20c.
  Continental. Box 344. Dent. 16. Indianapolis. Ind.

Inventors

 INVENTORS—Write for NEW FREE BOOK, "Patent
 Guide for the Inventor” and "Record of Invention” form.
 No charge for preliminary information. CLARENCE A.
 O’BRIEN and HYMAN BERMAN, REGISTERED PAT-
 ENT ATTORNEYS, 16-H ADAMS BUILDING, WASH-
 INGTON, D. C.

128
 HALF I HALF MAKES
 OHE SWELL SMOKE!

                     What makes a pipe chummy? Half & Half . . . and
           how! Cool as the news: "We’ve got a flat tire!”
           Sweet as the sign: "Garage just ahead.” Fragrant,
           full-bodied tobacco that won’t bite the tongue
           — in a tin that won’t bite the fingers. Made by
           our exclusive modern process including patent
           No. 1,770,920. Smells good. Makes your pipe welcome
           anywhere. Tastes good. Your password to pleasure!

                           Not a bit of bite in the tobacco or the Telescope Tin, which gets smaller and smaller
                           as you use-up the tobacco. No bitten fingers as you reach for a load, even the last one.

Copr. 1936, The American Tobacco Company

HALF HALF

The Safie 7>if?e - TerOevaoo

                          FOR PIPE OR CIGARETTE
© 1936, Liggett & Myers Tobacco <_o.