
SPECIAL AGENTS

(Investigators)

Start $200 to $250 Month

  Government Secret Service Work is one
  of the most fascinating and interest-
  ing branches of the service for men.
  These positions are located throughout
  the country and are both traveling
  and stationaiy. In addition to the high
  salaries that run up to $5,000 year-
  ly, all traveling expenses are paidj
  while on the road.

RttffJOD

$1,900 to $2,700 Year

  This-is a very fascinating position for men who like
  to travel. It gives you an excellent chance to see the
  country free. You are usually on duty four days ana
  off duty four days, but are paid for full time. You
  receive extra allowance for hotel expense when away
  from home, and when you grow old you are retired
  with a pension which makes you comfortable tne,
  e balance of your life.__f

Rural and City Carriers

$1,400 to $3,000 Year

 The Rural Mail Carrier is out in the open
 air and sunshine, easy, healthy work, short
 hours, with a large part of the day left to
 do as he ple§ses. Thousands of city posi-
 tions available for those who prefer inside
 work, delivering mail in large office build-
 ings. These positions available to both
 country and city people.

Many of these positions are ideal for men who like
healthy outdoor work, where they can enjoy the forests
and mountain trails. The duties vary from patrolling our
borders and forests, acting as Game, Fish and Fire
Warden, furnishing information to tourists, etc., to
clerical work. You also receive an annual vacation
with pay.	/

Over 900 Different Kinds of Positions

 If you want a steady Government Position
 where strikes, hard times, politics, etc., will
 not affect you, where you can draw twelve
 months’ pay every year, and then when you
 become old be retired on a pension for the
 balance of your life, get on Uncle Sam’s pay-
 roll. Stop worrying, enjoy your life. Pick the
 position you want, it belongs to you just as
 much as to anyone else. Then why not get it ?
 It is all up to you! The positions described in
 this announcement are only a few of the many
 desirable ones obtainable. Fill out the coupon
 below, cut or tear it out, arid mail today, and
 full particulars will be sent you immediately.

CUSTOMS INSPECTORS^

                       $2,100 Year to Start

                           The duties are to check and in-
                spect goods brought, into this
                country by tourists, merchants,
                and manufacturers. Inspectors I
                are required to levy the duties, I
                etc., and see that Customs regulations are |
                not violated. This is a very fascinating
                work with splendid salaries.

MEAT INSPECTORS'

  $1500 to $1860 Year and Upward

 This is a very interesting work.
 Farmers, butchers or anyone with a
 knowledge of live stock, food prod- .
 ucts, meats, etc., are in line for one
 of these positions. The salaries and I
 promotions are based on the ability ]
 and interest shown in this work.
 Both men and women are eligible. /"

 THIS

Co,

BORDER
PATROL
GUARDS,
FOREST
and FIELD
CLERKS.
HEALTHY
OUTDOOR
POSITIONS

] Railway Mail Clerks
] Prohibition Investi-
gators
R. F. D. Carriers
Special Agents
U. S. Border Patrol
Tel. Operator
City Mail Carrier
Meat Inspector
Bookkeeper
Customs Inspector
U. S. Guards
[nstruction Bureau,

Dept. 432, St. Louis, Mo.

Send me immediately, FREE, full particulars
ibout positions marked “X.” Also your big
list of other positions obtainable, salaries, loca-
tions, how to qualify, opportunities, etc.

 P. O. Clerk
 File Clerk
 General Clerk
 Matrons
 Watchman
 Skilled Laborer
 Postmasters
 Steno.—Typist
 Emigrant Inspector
 Seamstress
 Auditor

 Steno.—Secretary

NAME____

ADDRESS-
WEIRD TALES

721

ARE YOU AN ENSLAVED GOD?

Are You Blinded to the Truth?

Are all of the world’s benefits just beyond your reach? Are you held fast to one posi-
tion in life, one line of work, one narrow margin of income, one little circle of home and
social life? Is the great cry of the "Self Within” for freedom, joy, success and personal power,
choked into stillness by your limitations?

The Rosicrucians Invite You

Thousands of Rosicrucians—workers for Personal Development and Abundant Life—in
every part of this great land, invite you to share their unusual knowledge, and become Mas-
ter of your Present Life. Why not participate in the success, happiness and plenty of this life.

A New Free Book

Come, lay your bias, doubt, and hesitancy aside! Learn the truth of your possibilities as
soon as you free the inner self from its prison. Out of the grateful hearts of hundreds of
thousands in many lands have been set aside funds to pay for the printing and mailing of a
strange message of Hope and Help. The book is called "The Light of Egypt,” and it tells how
the secrets of Nature and of man’s mind have been preserved since the days of Egypt’s great
power—and how you, in the privacy of your home, may use these simple laws to overthrow
obstacles in life, widen your circle of personal power and command a realization of your de-
sires. Use the coupon below and get your copy of the book at once.

REMEMBER

There is but one true, universal Rosicracian
Brotherhood, and it does not offer you secret
books or private teachings at enormous prices.

Thousands of students in every land are able
to meet the problems of life through the prac-
tical help of the Rosicrucian teachings.

LIBRARIAN Q. B. H.

ROSICRUCIAN ORDER. SAN JOSE, CALIF.

               (Amorc)

(Perpetuating the Original Roeicrucian Fraternity)

   W. T.—1

FREE BOOK COUPON

 Librarian Q. B. H.

 Rosicrucian Order <Amorc)

 San Jose, Calif.

  Please send me, without obligation of any kind, :
  FREE copy of “The Light of Egypt,” and oblige

 Name-

 Address.
                Published monthly by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company. 2457 E. Washington Street,
          Indianapolis, Ind. Entered as second-class matter March 20, 192$, at the post office at Indianapolis,
          Ind., under the act of March S, 1879. Single copies, 25 cents. Subscription. $2.50 a year in the
          United States, $3.00 a year in Canada. English office i Charles Lavell, 18. Serjeant’s Inn, Fleet
          Street, E. C. 4, London. The publishers are not responsible for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts,
          although every care will be taken of such material while in their possession. The contents of this
          magazine are fully protected by copyright and must not be reproduced either wholly or in part
          without permission from the publishers.

                NOTE—All manuscripts and communications should be addressed to the publishers’ Chicago
          office at 840 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, 111.

                                                   FARNSWORTH WEIGHT, Editor.

                          Copyright. 1930, by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company

Contents for December, 1930

Cover Design____________________________________Hugh Rankin

                Illustrating a scene in "The Wolf of St. Bonnot"

                                •

The Eyrie_____________________________________________ 724

                A chat with the readers

The Wolf of St. Bonnot____________________Seabury Quinn 728

               Jules de Grandin is the central figure in an adventure of extraordinary
               fascination and blood-chilling action

Burnt Things__________________________Robert C. Sandison 747

               A ghastly happening seared the mind of the man who dropped off the train
               at Como to seek an old friend there

The Crime on Christmas Night______________Gaston Leroux 753

               A tale of stark horror by the Edgar Allan Poe of France, author of "The
               Phantom of the Opera!’

[CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE]

 722

                         COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN
[continued from preceding page]

Something From Above___________________Donald Wandrei 763

      Another powerful story of outer space by the author of "The Red Brain"—
      a doom from outside menaces the earth

A Dream of Bubastis_____________________Harvey W. Flink 778

      Verse

The Primeval Pit_______________________________B. Wallis 779

       Huge prehistoric monsters in a lost valley of South America pack this story
       with eery thrills

Fungi From Yuggoth:

 5. The Bells____________________________H. P. Lovecraft 798

      Verse

Tales of the Werewolf Clan:

 2. The Master Fights__________________H. Warner Munn 799

       Occult forces were behind the disaster that overtook the Invincible Armada
       sent by the Spanish king against the power of England

Men of Steel______________________________Ainslee Jenkins 815

      A blood-chilling story about the conversion of human beings into robots,
      or mechanical men

The Portal to Power (Part 3)________________Greye La Spina 827

       A four-part serial story about a cult of devil-worshippers in a hidden valley
       of the Rocky Mountains

The Boat on the Beach_______________________Kadra Maysi 842

      Strange was the woman who came down to the boat at night, and stranger
      still was the weird event that befell her

Weird Story Reprint:

Lucifer----------------------------------John D. Swain 846

       In the heart of London was a cult of devil-worshippers—but the baronet rued
       the day when he turned to them for assistance

Death--------------------------------------Alice Pickard 855

      Verse

                For Advertising Bates in WFUKO TALES Apply Direct to

WEIRD TALES

Western Advertising Office:	Kastem Advertising Office:

    HAKLKY L. WARD, INC., Mgr.	D. P. RIHJEH, Mgr.

360 N. Michigan Ave.,	303 Fourth Ave.,

        Chicago, III.	New York, N. V.

Phene, Central 6269	Phone, Gramerey 5380

723
“T7" EEP Weird Tales weird!” This is the advice that we are constantly receiving
in letters from you, the readers of this magazine. To judge from the commen-
dations that pour into the editorial offices, we are succeeding in doing this.
This is by way of prelude to announcing one of the weirdest stories that has ever ap-
peared in any publication: The Horror from the Hills, by Frank Belknap Long, Jr. This
is a three-part serial story that sounds cosmic depths of weirdness, a tale of a horror and
menace utterly beyond human means to combat; a tale in which horror blows in chill
gusts from the outer void. It is seldom that any story has aroused such vast enthusiasm in
the editorial rooms of Weird Tales, and we want to let you know what a treat is in
store for you. The Horror from the Hills is undoubtedly the finest work that this
brilliant and imaginative writer has yet produced.

     E. L. Mengshoel, of Minneapolis, writes to the Eyrie: "The last two issues of
Weird Tales were, in my opinion, the best that you have published since I began
reading your magazine. Especially did I enjoy the way the tide finally turned against
that typically small-brained and small-souled egotist, Herman Fuller, in Another
Dracula. And how vividly and strikingly realistically did the author portray the ac-
tivity of the mob spirit in the graveyard scene! It was a true-to-life sketch of such
human cattle, too much present in any community, in Main Street towns in particu-
lar. In your August number I found a story that made tremendous appeal to my
mind, namely, the reprint of Charles Dickens’ A Child’s Dream of a Star. It re-
called to me my boyhood days, as I read it in my school books, but it was in Nor-
wegian, the title being: 'Guttens Drom om Stjemen.’ How I wept as I read it as a
ten-year-old 'kid*! Those school readers did not give the names of the authors of
their pieces, and though I had many times wondered who wrote that touching story,
it is first in Weird Tales that I learnt that no less a writer than Charles Dickens
was the author. All in all, I am glad that we have a magazine that is 'different’—
something that we do not get tired of reading, like those vapid, commonplace and too
often downright silly love stories about ordinary middle class parvenues, and the va-
rious kinds of drivel which the majority of other magazines serve to a simple-minded
public.”

     "Won’t you please give us more stories so weird that they make one’s hair
stand on end?” requests Ruth Ann Austin, of Aubumdale, Wisconsin, in a lettet
to the Eyrie. "I like A Dying Man’s Confession in the October issue very mudij
also The Silver Curse of Yarlik, The Druid’s Shadow and The Grave at Goonhilly*

(Continued on page 726)

     724
   This Queer Little Automatic Device

Protects My Car From Thieves

I have hit on something truly amazing. Since the first
discoveries of radio, I know there has been nothing so
startling and uncanny. My little secret device guards
every part of your automobile from spare tire to head-
lights and steering wheel. In your garage or on the street
it is on the job 24 hours a day. Never sleeps, rests or gets
tired. Already approved by insurance companies and
motor associations. Now offered on 5-day test.

Puzzles Everyone!

THIS little, automatic “elec-
tric-watchman” invention
is called “Devil-Dog.” It is
not only a new kind of device,
it is an entirely new ideal Abso-
lutely unique and utterly different
than anything anyone ever saw be-
fore. So startling that it grips the
imagination of everyone from the
millionaire Rolls-Royce owner to
the fellow who drives a second-
hand Ford. Until he knows the se-
cret every motorist will swear that
you have some one hiding in your
car. He just simply can't believe
there can be such a device as this
queer “electrical-watchman.”

INSTALLED IN TEN MINUTES—
COSTS NOTHING TO OPERATE

Every man who owns a car can
afford Devil-Dog. Actually, no man
who owns a car can afford to be
ivithout this inexpensive protec-
tion. Last year over 116,000 auto-
mobiles were stolen in this country.
Millions of dollars' worth of spare
parts were pilfered by sneak
thieves. Now Devil-Dog can be in-

stalled by anyone in ten minutes or
less. There is absolutely no cost for
operation. No extra batteries to buy.
It will last as long as the car. And
you hide the secret switch button
anywhere you want to around your
car. It’s nothing but common sense
for a man to grab Devil-Dog the very
first time he sees it demonstrated.
No wonder distributors already are
cleaning up young fortunes I

 5-DAY FREE TEST

I invite readers of this magazine to
send for the special 6-day test offer
now being made on Devil-Dog.
Test it. Show your friends. If your
present income is less than about
$50 a week, profit opportunities as
my spare-time or full-time repre-
sentative may surprise you. My one
condition is, I want men to help
me quick! Write me today t

OEVOiL||f[G>®<5

NORTHWEST ELECTRIC CORP.

Dept. W-660, Pukwana, So. Dak.

RECORD EARNINGS—$138 IN A DAY!

Every Devil-Dog sale brings you a real profit..
No penny-ante litUe business I That’s another
reason Devil-Dog is a real big money
maker! G. Oliver, Illinois representative, re-
ports, “Made $138 in a day. This is the easir
est way to make money quick I ever hear&
of. My next order will be for 1,000." That’s
the top record so far. Who will beat it first ?

  POLICE BUY FOR ARMORED CAR

Richard Jacques, Canada, just started, writes,
“Here's our order for 24 Devil-Dogs. I have
sold one to the police for their armored car.
Am also getting letters from the Chief of
Police and the Detective Department. Tomor-
row we demonstrate to the motor league.M

I------------1

■ Northwest Electric Corp., Dept. W-660, J
| Pukwana, S. Dak.	I

Rush territory details
offer without obligation.

Nam©—
Address -

and your 5-day test

j Town-------------------State----------j
i726

WEIRD TALES

'(Continued from page 724)

Stories with scenes reflecting the glamor of moonlight on a Persian garden, the
charm of romantic France, the exoticism of a Turkish harem, or tales with a Chinese,
Arabian or South Sea locale would be greatly appreciated by us readers.”

    W. A. Betikofer, of Washington, D. C., writes to the Eyrie: "I have read
Weird Tales without missing an issue since the 1926 number containing The Bird
of Space. In these four years there have been approximately a half-dozen stories
which completely overshadowed all others, with the possible exception of Seabury
Quinn’s stories of Jules de Gran din. I should enumerate them as follows: The Mon-
ster-god of Mamurth (Edmond Hamilton’s finest), The Lurking Fear, The Time-
raider, The Call of Cthulhu and Skull-face. Though I only know of The Rats in
the Walls by reprint, it is fully worthy to stand in their company. Jules de Grandin is
my favorite character, followed closely by Solomon Kane. The Shadow Kingdom
and its sequels nearly edge into the list of incomparables. E. Hoffmann Price in his
stories of the Orient creates perhaps the most fascinating and exotic atmosphere of
any of your writers. Doctor Keller’s delightful little stories of Cecil the Overlord
add a finishing touch to your magazine that makes it truly unequaled. Writers such as
Quinn, Price, Lovecraft, La Spina and a few others give your magazine the quality
that makes it what it is. Doctor Keller is one of your best. Toksvig is fine, and
Adolphe de Castro is acceptable but could be better. As for Hamilton — three
cheers and a half-dozen boos! He has merited bodi in his time. To swing to the
other end of the scale, I should like to see such stuff as the Mother Goose asininity
of The Land of Lur eliminated. That was absolutely the punkest contribution to
Weird Tales I have ever seen.”

     A letter from Robert Leonard Russell of Mt. Vernon, Illinois, says: f'The Por-
tal to Power begins perfectly and I hope the other three installments are on a par
with the first. Try to" get another Robert E. Howard story like Skull-face. His sto-
ries of Solomon Kane are very interesting. Jules de Grandin is just as perfect as he
thinks he is (which is saying a lot). Tell Seabury Quinn that if he ever writes any
other type of story the readers will come en masse and lynch him.”

    Writes James Gartlan of Toronto, Canada: "I have been a constant reader of
Weird Tales since July, 1926. Weird Tales has given me some very interesting
evenings and also some when I was afraid to move lest the creature of Seabury
Quinn or H. P. Lovecraft would come out of the shadows of my den. I get a bigger
kick out of Jules de Grandin’s French slang and his method of combating the occult
demons than I get from any detective or Western novel. Jules is a great cheery
fellow always ready to help any one who is in the clutches of the occult. Just one
kick—Earthworms of Karma started out great, as did The Black Monarch, but the
author seemed to be in too great hurry to finish. I am eagerly awaiting Oriental
Stories and hope that it will be a worthy sister magazine to Weird Tales."

    "Speaking as a reader,” writes Clark Ashton Smith, author of The End of the
Story, "I should like to say that Weird Tales is the one magazine that gives its
writers ample imaginative leeway. Next to it come the three or four magazines in
which fancy can take flight under the egis of science; and after these, one is lost in
a Boeotian desert. All the others, without exception, from the long-established re-

(Continued on page 852)
Classics of Weird Literature

Autographed by the Author
The Wind That Tramps the World

ACCLAIMED BY CRITICS THROUGHOUT THE WORLD

New York Times: "Fanciful, touched by the super-
natural, exotic in thought and coloring. Flowers, poems,
music and jade are interwoven with their themes and
the effect is often both quaint and charming."

The China Weekly Review, Shanghai, China: "Reveals
a true sense of gentleness, the heart of a dreamer, a
deep sense of rhythm and beauty. He sees China and
the Chinese through misty, naive, sometimes philo-
sophic eyes.”

Honolulu Star-Bulletin, Honolulu, Hawaii: "They are
strange and glowing tales of an unearthly beauty. Their
scenes are laid in China but they might be anywhere.
They are essentially a part of the history of those lost
lands where Dunsany’s heroes live and die magnificently
and where Walter de la Mare’s dark travelers knock
vainly at mysterious moonlit doors."

Ohio State Journal, Columbus, Ohio: "There is some
weirdness here, some mystery and some tender passages,
enough of each to make a superlative ensemble that
won for this author a secure place in the field of Far
East fiction."	«

Daily Argus Leader, Sioux Palls, S. D,: "This is a
collection to be read, laid down and read again."
Wilmington Every Evening, Wilmington, Del.: "De-
serves a place among one’s favorite books."

Radio Station KDKA, Pittsburgh: "For those who are
interested in Chinese literature and traditions, we
believe this book will find a cordial welcome. A very
beautiful book."

The Globe, Toronto, Ont.: "Dealing with curious
phases of Chinese life, they are imaginative, colorful
and replete with poetry. For the first of these qualities
they might be likened to some of the creations of Edgar
Allan Poe, but even the weirdest of them possess a
tenderness to which Poe was a stranger."

Arizona Republican, Phoenix, Ariz.: "It is not often
that such a book, as deserving of praise and as full of
real literary merit as "The Wind That Tramps the
World,” comes our way. This sounds like effusiveness,
but it isn’t. It's merely giving credit for a real literary
achievement. . . . They are masterpieces of a rich
imagination, deep and gripping in their beauty and
romance."

SPECIAL AUTOGRAPHED FIRST EDITIONS

Here are some real gems of literature. Poetic and fanci-	I

ful Chinese stories with a real thrill to them. These are	! Weird Tales, Book Dept. F. O.

stories that deserve to live forever. Their ethereal sweet-	| ® ^ Michigan Ave., Chicago, 111.

ness will grip you. Both books are special first editions	j Enclosed find $---------Please send me an auto-

autographed by the author. These books are very artis-	j graphed first edition of—

tically bound and would make an excellent gift to a • □ "The Wind That Tramps the World”

friend or a valuable addition to your own library,	j □ "The Purple Sea"

Remember, first edition copies grow more valuable with I Name______________________________________

the years and when autographed become doubly valu-	j Address______________________________________

able. Order today, Price $1.50 each postpaid.	I City_______________.....______State—......—
^eWolf of

b$)- tSe^bur^) • Qyfim

THE house party with which Nor-
val Fleetwood was celebrating the
completion of Twelvetrees, his
new country seat, was drawing to an in-
auspicious close. Friday and Saturday
had been successful, and more than one
luckless bunny had found his way into
the game-bags and thence to the pot-pie,
but with Sunday morning came a let-
down which set the guests longing for
the city, the theater, the night clubs and
the crowded, comfortable associations of
the workaday world. Rain, lashed and
driven by a northwest wind, opened the
day, by midafternoon autumn gave up

     728

the fight and winter took possession of
the world like a rowdy barbarian sacking
a captured city. The late-November gale
raced round the house, wrenching at
doors and shutters, howling bawdy songs
down chimneys and wrestling savagely
with the twelve great oaks in the front
lot from which the house took its name.
The guests were wearied of each other as
shipwrecked mariners might tire of their
companions’ faces, and to make matters
more Unbearable the line which fed elec-
tric current to the house went dead
beneath the bufferings of the wind-storm
and the radio ceased blaring forth its
$t.Bonr\ot

"The tiny, savage thing died slowly, writhing horribly.

dancing jazz at the same instant every
light in the house winked out and the
motors of the big refrigerator in the pan-
try stopped humming.

  Little spurts of flame here and there
proclaimed lighted matches, a few candles
were requisitioned and set alight, their
feeble, trembling flames doing little more
than stain the pitch-black darkness with
an indeterminate dusk, and host and
guests settled down in gloomy contem-
plation of events to wait the opportunity
of a reasonable excuse to say good-night
and escape from each others’ company.

  “No one here can play dance music,”
grumbled one.

  "No piano here to play, even if we had
& musician,” Fleetwood answered gloom-

ily. "Dodson’s are infernally slow get-
ting the furniture out, it seems to me.”
"Too dark to play bridge; can’t see
whether you’re holdin’ spades or di-
amonds.”

  "I shouldn’t play if it weren’t. Lost
too much last night—lot more than I
could afford.”

  "Grand service the electric company
gives, I don’t think. If I had my

way-”

  "Oh, I know what let’s do!” Mazie
Noyer, plump, forty and unbecomingly
flirtatious, suddenly cried in the high,
thin voice which seems the exclusive
property of short, fat women. "Let’s
have a seance! This is just the night for
it; cold and dark and spooky. Come on,

                                   729
730

WEIRD TALES

everybody; I’ll be the medium; I can
make a dining-table take a joke any
time!”

  "But certainly,” Jules de Grandin
whispered in my ear. "Does she not do
so three times each day, to say nothing of
the enormous sandwiches she consumes
between meals? Do not join them,
Friend Trowbridge; he who puts his
hands upon the table to summon spirits
risks more than burned fingers. Yes. Let
them have their foolishness bv them-
selves.”

  Accordingly, while Fleetwood, his
young wife and seven of their guests
trailed into the dining-hall in the wake of
Mazie’s provocatively swishing skirts, de
Grandin and I remained on the leather-
upholstered settle before the blazing
logs in the hall fireplace where we could
watch the dim shapes circled round the
table, yet be ourselves unobserved.

  The ring was quickly formed. Each
member of the party placed his hands
flat upon the table’s polished oak, his
own thumbs touching, his extended little
fingers in light contact with those of his
neighbors to left and right.

  "I think we ought to sing,” suggested
Mazie. "Madame Northrop always begins
her seances with aJhymn. What shall it
be?” For a moment there was silence;
then, in a high falsetto she began:

       "Behold the innumerable host
       Of angels clothed in light,

        Behold the spirits of the just
           Whose faith is changed to sight."

  She concluded the verse with a drop-
ping, pleading tremolo, then spoke in a
still, awe-struck voice, as though she half
believed her own mummery:

  "Spirits of the departed, you from
before whose eyes the separating veil has
been lifted, we are assembled tonight to
commune with you, if any of you be here
present.” A short pause, then: "Are
there any spirits with us? If so, signify

your presence by rapping once upon the
table.”

  Another pause, in which the crackling
of a burning knot and the hissing of an
imperfectly seasoned log sounded almost
thunderously, followed her invitation.

  Jules de Grandin snapped the flint of
His pocket lighter and set a vile-smelling
French cigarette aglow, then glanced im-
patiently through the archway leading to
the room beyond. "Insensee,” he whis-
pered contemptuously. "Had she but the
sense with which the good God endowed
the most half-witted of silly geese, she
would know that her greatest success
tonight would be a total failure to
evoke-”

' "Oh, how nice!” Mazie’s high-pitched
exclamation cut through his muttered
observation. "Is it fine or superfine—I
mean man or woman? Rap once for a
man, twice for a woman, please.”

  The little Frenchman’s sleek, blond
head shot forward, his ear turned toward
the doorway. All pretense of boredom
was gone and every line of his small,
sensitive face registered alert attention a?
it showed in sharp silhouette against the
bright background of the firelight.

  Through the dim, candle-lit dusk we
caught the echo of a single sharp, in-
cisive knock.

  "A man!” Miss Noyer’s voice came in
an awed whisper. "Who are—I mean
who were you? Where and when did
you live? Strike once for A, twice for B,
three times for C, and so on.”

  Another pause, then a slow, distinct
rapping, as though the table had been
struck sharply with a bent knuckle. Seven
strokes, followed by nine, then twelve,
another twelve, then five, continuing
until "Gilles Gamier—St. Bonnot—in the
reign of King Charles,” had been labo-
riously spelled on the resounding wood.

  "Dieu de Dieu, 'Gilles Garnier of St.
Bonnot,’ it says!” de Grandin exclaimed
THE WOLF OF ST. BONNOT

|731

in a sharp, rasping whisper. "This is no
longer merely a matter to amuse fools,
Friend Trowbridge; we must intervene,
right away, immediately, at once. Come.”
He rose abruptly from the couch and
took a step toward the dining-room, but
paused in mid-stride, his head thrown
back like a hunting dog sniffing the
breeze for quarry. Almost, it seemed to
me, the needle-sharp ends of his little,
tightly waxed mustache quivered with
excitement like the whiskers of an ir-
ritable and super-alert tom-cat. I, too,
felt a sudden chill of nervous excitement
—almost terror—run through me, for
even as de Grandin paused, there came
from far away, seemingly from the
gloomy, wooded hill, which lay a mile or
more across the cleared pasture-land, a
faint but steadily growing sound. So low
it could scarcely be dissociated from the
dismal skirling of the wind it was at
first, but steadily it mounted and swelled
in tone and volume, a long-drawn, ulu-
lant howl, rising to a shrill crescendo,
sinking to a moan, then rising once again
in quavering, hopeless cry, poignant as
the wailing of a lost soul seeking sanctu-
ary from pursuing furies. And as the dis-
tant belling bay died once again amid
the whistling chorus of the wind, there
came an answering call from the dark-
ened dining-room. It started with a chok-
ing, rasping moan, as though one of the
sitters at the table had strangled and
gasped for breath; then, as though torn
from tortured flesh by torment too great
to be resisted, it rose in answer to the dis-
tant howl: "Ow-o-o-o-O-O-O!” swelling
with ever-increasing stress, then repeated
once again with hopeless, mourning
diminuendo: "OW-O-O-O-o-o-oo!”
Strangely, too, the half-reluctant, half-
exultant cry was so quickly voiced that it
was impossible to place its origin, save to
say it emanated from the dining-room.
"Norn d’un chat no 'tr, who makes this

business of the monkey?” de Grandin
challenged sharply. "I will not have it!”
He burst into the dining-room, eyes
ablaze, face working with unbridled fury.
"Fools, betes, dupes, you know not what
you do! To mock at them is to invite
destruction of-”

  He paused, fairly choking with savage
anger, and as if to punctuate his tirade
the electric current came on again, flood-
ing the big house with sudden brilliance,
limning the scene in the dining-hall like
a tableau vivant on the stage. Fleetwood
and eight others sat with hands still
pressed upon the table, startled, rather
foolish expressions on their faces as they
blinked owlishly in the sudden deluge of
light. Hildegarde, his six-months’ bride
for whom the house at Twelvetrees had
been built, lay cheek-down upon the
table, her heavy, dark-bronze hair un-
bound and cascading across the polished
Flemish oak, her face pale as carven
ivory, her lush red lips slightly parted,
displaying twin lines of little milk-white
teeth between them.

  "Good Lord!” our host exclaimed,
"she’s fainted! That fool joke was too
much for her.” He glared angrily around
the circle of startled faces. "Who let out
that God-awful howl?” he demanded
fiercely.

  The little Frenchman cast an apprais-
ing look at the unconscious girl and a
quick, venomous glance at Mazie Noyer.
"See to her, Friend Trowbridge, if you
please,” he ordered curtly with a nod
toward Hildegarde. "Mademoiselle, this
is your work; I trust you are duly proud
of it,” he added coldly, glaring at Mazie
again.

  "I?” Miss Noyer returned in a scan-
dalized voice. "Why, I never even
dreamed of doing such a thing! I was as
surprized as any one when that inhuman
howl started—ugh, right in this room,
too!” She shook her well-upholstered
732

WEIRD TALES

shoulders in a gesture of repugnance,
then favored de Grandin with a wither-
ing look. "I think you forget yourself,
Doctor de Grandin,” she reminded.
"You owe me an apolo-”

  "Mille pardons, Mademoiselle,” he cut
in acidly, "whatever my debt may be,
this is no time for repayment. Me, I
think an evening of ennui would have
been preferable to your so stupid invoca-
tion of forces of which you know noth-
ing. However, we can but pray that no
great harm is done.”

  He turned his shoulder squarely on her
and bowed to the company with frigid
courtesy. "Messieurs, Mesdames,” he an-
nounced, "it grows late and we all have
business in the city tomorrow. I suggest
we seek our beds while this so tempera-
mental light still holds.” He turned on
his heel and left the room without a
single backward look at Mazie Noyer or
any offer of apology for his hasty accu-
sation.

“Am bringing Hildegarde to town for con-
XV sultation. Please see me tomorrow.

"Fleetwood."

  I passed the telegram to Jules de Gran-
din and grinned in spite of myself at the
sober expression on his face as he pe-
rused the terse message. "Why so serious?”
I asked, helping myself to a fresh serving
of griddle cakes and honey. "That sort
of thing has been going on ever since
Adam and Eve left the Garden to set up
housekeeping. Norval and Hildegarde
are excited, of course, but it’s only a bio-
logical function, and-”

  "Ah bah!" he cut in. "You annoy me,
you vex me, you harass me, my friend.
You say it is the coming of a happy
event which brings Monsieur and Ma-
dame Fleetwood to town. I hope you are
correct, but I fear you are in error. Would
he telegraph if that were all? Must he
see you right away, at once, immediately
about a matter which can not, in the

course of nature, be either hurried or de-
layed? I doubt it. Indeed, I greatly doubt
that it has anything to do with this”—he
tapped the telegram with his breakfast
fork—"but concerns something much
more sinister. Yes, I have worried much
concerning Madame Hildegarde since
that accursed night when the senseless
Mademoiselle Noyer played her monkey

tricks in that darkened house. And-”

  "You’re absurd,” I told him.

  "I hope so,” he admitted seriously.
"We shall eventually see who laughs in
whose face, my friend.”

  In deference to Fleetwood’s message I
stayed indoors most of the following day,
but dinner-time came and went without
further word from him. "Confound it,”
I grumbled, glancing irritably at my
watch, "I wish they’d come, if they’re
coming. King Lear’s playing at the Acad-
emy tonight, and I’d like to see it. If
they’ll only hurry I’ll have time to get
there before the middle of the first act,
and-”

  "Eh bien, be patient, my old one,” de
Grandin counseled. "Unless I am more
mistaken than I think, you shall soon see
a tragedy the like of which Monsieur
Shakespeare never dreamed. Indeed, I

think the curtain is already rising—-”

He turned toward the consulting-room
door expectantly, and as though evoked
by his words Norval Fleetwood entered.

  "Hildegarde’s up at the Passaic Boule-
vard house,” he answered my query as we
shook hands. "It’s such a wretched night,
I thought I’d better leave her home,

and-” He paused, as though the

words somehow stuck in his throat; then:
"And I thought I’d better see you before
you see her, sir.”

  "Ah?" de Grandin’s barely whispered
comment had a ring of triumph in it,
and I favored him with a black lode.

  Fleetwood nodded shortly, almost as if
in answer to the Frenchman. "I’m almost
THE WOLF OF ST. BONNOT

733

wild with anxiety about her, Doctor,” he
told me. "You remember that fool
seance Mazie Noyer got up that Sunday
night two weeks ago when the lights
went out at Twelvetrees? It started right
after that.”

  "A-ab?” de Grandin murmured.

  "What seems to be the trouble?” I
asked, casting another withering glance
toward the little Frenchman.

  "I—I only wish I knew, sir. Hilde-
garde was restless as a child with fever
all that night, and dull and listless as a
convalescent next day. I had to come to
town and was delayed considerably get-
ting back that night, and dinner should
have been over an hour when I returned,
but she hadn’t eaten and said she had no
appetite. That was strange for her, she’s
always been so well and healthy, you
know. But”—he looked at me widi the
serio-comic expression every man uses in
such circumstances—"well, you know
how they are, sir.”

  This time it was my turn to register
triumph, but I forbore to glance at de
Grandin, waiting Fleetwood’s next re-
mark.

  "It must have been something after
eleven,” he continued, "when out across
the cleared land I heard the deep, long-
drawn baying of a hound. Some one in
the neighborhood must have a pack of
the brutes and let ’em run at night, for
I’d heard ’em once or twice earlier in the
evening, but not so near or loud as this

time. Doctor Trowbridge-”

  He paused again, swallowed once or
twice convulsively, and drumm d nerv-
ously on the edge of the desk with his
finger-tips, averting his gaze like a shame-
faced schoolboy about to make a con-
fession.

  "Yes?” I prompted as the silence
lengthened embarrassingly.

  "You remember that horrible, inhuman
howl some one let out in my dining-

room that Sunday night? Doctor de
Grandin accused Mazie Noyer of it.”

  I nodded.

"It wasn’t Mazie. It was Hildegarde.”
"Nonsense,” I objected sharply.
"Hildegarde had fainted; it couldn’t

have been-”

  "Yes, it was, sir. I know it, because
the next night, when that devilish baying
sounded under our window, she began to
roll and toss restlessly in bed, as though
suffering a nightmare; then”—he stopped
again, then hurried on as though anxious
to get the statement finished—"then she
threw back the bed-clothes, rose to her
knees and answered it!”

  "A-a-ah?” Jules de Grandin placed his
fingers tip to tip, crossed his knees and
regarded the toe of his patent leather
evening shoe as though it were a novel
sight. "And then, Monsieur, if you
please, what next?”

  Fleetwood’s voice trembled, almost as
if with ungovernable anger. "That was
only the beginning!” he shot back. "I
shook her, and she seemed to wake, but
for more than an hour she lay there as if
on the borderline of consciousness, finger-
ing the bedclothes, rolling her head on
the pillow, and moaning piteously every
once in a while. It must have been
almost morning before she finally went
to sleep. Once or twice while she lay in
that odd semi-conscious state, that in-
fernal howling sounded underneath the
window, and each time she shook and

trembled as if-”

  "Of course. It frightened her,” I in-
terrupted soothingly.

  "No! It wasn’t like that. It was as if
she were all eagerness to get out there
with that devilish hound—fairly trem-
bling to go, sir!”

  I stared at him incredulously, but his
next words left me fairly breathless:

  ”Next night she went!”

  "What?” I almost shouted.
.734

WEIRD TALES

  "Just that, sir. The howling started
during dinner next evening, and Hilde-
garde dropped her knife and fork and
almost went into hysterics. I went to the
den and got out a gun to give the beast
a dose of bird-shot, but when I opened
the door there was nothing to be seen. 1
wandered round the house several times,
and once I thought I saw it over by the
wood lot—a big, white, shaggy brute—
but it was so far out of range I didn’t
even try a shot.

  "I woke up a little after midnight with
a queer feeling something was wrong,
and when I looked at Hildegarde’s bed
she wasn’t there. I waited nearly half an
hour, then went to look for her. While
I was going through the library I heard
that dam’ dog howling again, and when
I went to the window and looked out I’ll
be hanged if I didn’t see her out on the
lawn—and a great, white, fuzzy-looking
beast was fawning on her and leaping at
her and licking her face! Yes, sir, there
she stood in a temperature of thirty de-
grees with nothing but her nightdress on,
fondling and playing with that beast as
if it were a pet she’d had all her life!”

  "What did you do?” I asked.

  "Went out after her,” he answered
simply. "The ground was pretty well
frozen and hurt my feet, and I must have
looked away once or twice as I tried to
pick my way across the lawn, though I
tried to keep my eyes on her, for when
I reached her the dog was gone and she
was standing there alone, her teeth chat-
tering with the cold. I called to her, and

she looked—at—me-” the words

came slowly, and there was a choke in
his voice.

  I waited a moment, then patted his
shoulder gently. "What was it, boy?” I
asked softly.

  “She looked at me and snarled. You’ve
seen the way a vicious cur curls back its
lips when you approach it? That’s the

way my wife looked at me, Doctor Trow-
bridge. And down in her throat she
made a sort of savage growling noise,
like a police dog when he’s ready to
spring. It frightened me almost senseless
for a moment, but I kept on, and she
seemed normal enough when I reached
her.

  " 'My dear, what are you doing out
here?’ I asked, but she just looked at me
in a dazed, half-frightened sort of way,
and made no answer. I picked her up
and carried her into the house, and put
her to bed. She went to sleep immediate-
ly. Next morning she remembered noth-
ing, and I didn’t press matters, you may
be sure. I didn’t hear the dog again that
night.”

  "Later?” de Grandin asked softly.

  "Yes, sir. Next night, and the next,
and every night since then it’s howled
around the house like a banshee, but
though my wife has tossed in her sleep
and risen to answer it once or twice, she
hasn’t gone out again—not to my knowl-
edge, at any rate.”

  "Now, Norval,” I soothed, "all this is
very distressing, but I don’t think there’s
anything to be really alarmed about. The
other night when Hildegarde fainted and
I was tending her, I made a discovery—
has she told you?”

 "You mean-”

  "Just so, boy. Perhaps she’s not aware
of it, herself, yet, but you have a right
to expea some one will be occupying a
crib at Twelvetrees before next June.
I’m violating no confidences when I tell
you me re than one patient I’ve had in
similar conditions has been as erratic in
behavior as Hildegarde. One lady could
not abide the smell of fish, or even their
sight. Merely seeing a bowl of goldfish
would make her violently sick. Another
had an inordinate craving for dried
herring, the saltier and smellier the better,
and in several cases conditions were so
THE WOLF OF ST. BONNOT

735

bad they simulated real insanity, yet all
came out right in the end, bore normal,
healthy children and became normal,
healthy women again. Zoophilia—an ab-
normal love of animals—isn’t as rare in
such circumstances as you might suppose.
I'm sure Hildegarde will be all right,
son.”

  The young husband beamed on me,
and to my surprize de Grandin concurred
in my opinion. "It is so,” he assured
Norval. "I, too, have seen strange things
at times like this. No woman is account-
able for anything, however strange it be,
which she may do while she bears another
life beneath her heart. Assuredly Friend
Trowbridge is correct. At present you
have little to fear, but both of us will
assist you in every manner possible. You
have but to call on us, and I entreat you
do so the moment anything untoward
appears.”

hat was decent of you, backing me
up that way, old chap,” I thanked
him as the door closed on Fleetwood. "I
was in a perfect ague for fear you’d
spring some of that occult hocus-pocus of
yours and scare the poor lad so we’d have
two of ’em to treat instead of one.”

  He regarded me solemnly, tapping the
corner of my desk with the nail of a well-
manicured forefinger for emphasis. "I
played the unutterable hypocrite,” he
answered. "No word of what I said did
I believe, for I am more than sure a very
evil thing has been let into the world, and
that much tears—blood, too, perhaps—
must be shed before we drive it to its
own appointed place again. All that you
said concerning the manic-depressive in-
sanity sometimes present in such condi-
tions was true, my friend, but the history
of this case differentiates it from those
which you recalled. Normal young
women may develop a morbid love for
animals—I have seen them derive the

keenest pleasure from running their fin-
gers over the smooth back of a pussy-cat
or the rugged coat of a sheep-dog—-but
they do not respond to wandering beasts’
howling in kind. No. They do not run
barefoot into the winter night to fondle
wandering brutes; they do not greet their
husbands with dog-snarls. These things
are different, my friend, but as yet I fear
we have seen but the prologue to the play.
Still”—he shrugged his shoulders—
"trouble will come soon enough—too
soon, parbleu!—let the poor young Fleet-
wood be spared as .long as possible,
for-”

  The shrilling of the office telephone
cut through his words.

  "Doctor Trowbridge?” the tortured
voice across the wire asked tremulously.
"This is Norval—Norval Fleetwood. I
just got home. Hildegarde’s gone! Nancy,
the colored maid, tells me a dog began
howling under the windows almost as
soon as I left the house, and Hildegarde
seemed to go absolutely wild—hysterical
—laughing and crying, and shouting
some sort of answer at the beast. Then
she let out an answering bay and rushed
out into the yard. She’s not been back,
and Nancy was frightened almost white.
She’s no idea which way Hildegarde
went. What shall I do?”

  "Wait a moment,” I bade, then re-
tailed his statement to de Grandin.

  "Mordieu, so soon? I had not thought
it!” the Frenchman cried. "Bid him wait
for us, mon vieux, we come to him at
once, right away, immediately!”

“rrilENS, my friend, they fish in
■M. troubled waters who dabble in
spiritism,” he remarked as we hastened
toward Fleetwood's town house in Passa-
ic Boulevard. "Have I not said it before?
But certainly.”

  "Bosh!” I answered testily. “What has
spiritism to do with Hildegarde’s disap-
736

WEIRD TALES

pearance? I suppose you’re referring to
the seance at Twelvetrees? When some
smart Alec answered that hound’s bay in
the dining-room that night it gave the
poor girl a dreadful shock. That was all
that was needed to set her unbalanced
nervous system running wild—she prob-
ably wasn’t aware of her condition and
hadn’t taken any care of herself, and re-
current depressive insanity has resulted.”
"Oh?” he asked sarcastically. “And
since when has depressive insanity or any
recognized state of aberration connected
with birth made the patient sit up in bed

and howl like a dog, or-”

  "Of course!” I broke in triumphantly.
"Norval gave us a typical symptom when
he said she snarled at him. You know as
well as I that aversion for the husband
is one of the commonest incidents of this
form of derangement. She’s fought it as
hard as she could, poor child, but it’s
overmastered her. Now she’s run away.
We may have to keep Norval out of her

sight until-”

  “What of the dog—as we persist in
calling it—which follows her and whose
howls she answers in kind?” he insisted.
"Do you find it convenient to ignore him,
or had he slipped from your memory?”
"Rats!” I scoffed. 'The country’s full

of night-prowling dogs, and-”

  "And the city, also?” he broke in.
"Dogs which howl beneath ladies’ win-
dows the moment their husbands’ backs
are turned?”

  "See here,” I turned on him, "just
what are you driving at, anyway, de
Grandin? What has the dog to do with
the case?”

   "If it were a dog, little or nothing,” he
replied slowly. "We might dismiss it as
a case of zoophilia, as you suggested to

the young Fleetwood, but-”

  “But what?” I demanded. "Out with
it. What’s your idea?”

  "Very well,” he nodded solemnly.
"Here is my opinion: The ’dog,’ as we
have called it, is no dog at all, but a wolf,
or rather a loup-garou, what you call a
werewolf, who has availed himself of the
opportunity given him by Mademoiselle
Noyer’s so detestable seance to return

and-”

  I laughed aloud in spite of myself.
"You are fantastic!” I told him.

  "Let us hope so,” he answered grimly.
"Jules de Grandin fancies himself most
excellently, but in this case nothing
would please him more than to see him-
self proved a superstitious booby. Yes.”

“XT’AS, suh,” the colored maid replied
X to our hurried questions, "Mi2
Hildegarde done scairt me outa seven
years’ growth, a’most. Mistu Norval
hadn’t hardly turned his back on de
house when de a’mightiest howlin’ yuh
ever did hear started right underneath
Miz Hildegarde’s winder, an’ Ah like tc
fainted right where Ah wuz.”

  "What were you doing? Where were
you at the time?” de Grandin asked.

  "Well, suh, hit wuz like dis yere: We
ail’d come in from de country today, an’
Miz Hildegarde an’ me wuz ’most froze
wid de cold. Ah done git me sumpin hot
fo’ to drink—jest a little gin an’ lemon,
suh—directly Ah got here, but she didn’t
want none, though she kep’ shiverin’ an’
shakin’ like a little dog that’s been flung
in de river an’ jest swum out an’ ain’t
dry yet. They—Mr. Norval an’ Miz
Hildegarde—had dinner about seven
o’clock, an’ Ah had mine at de same time,
’cause Ah knowed Miz Hildegarde’d be
wantin’ me directly. Pore thing, she ain’t
been feelin’ so pert lately. So, soon’s
they’s finished Ah gits up to her room
an’ waits there fo’ her. Ah’d helped her
outa her dress an’ jest got a black-chiffon
negly-jay on her when Mistu Norval

                    W. T.—1
THE WOLF OF ST. BONNOT

737

comes to say he’s goin’ over to see Doc-
tor Trowbridge. Yessuh.

  " ’Bout five minutes later, Ah ’speck
hit wuz, whilst Ah wuz brushin’ Miz
Hildegarde’s hair, Ah hears all sudden-
like, de awfulest hollerin’ an’ yellin’
under de winder.

  " 'Nancy!’ Miz Hildegarde says to me,
'does yuh hear dat?’

  " 'Certainly, Ah hears it, honey,’ Ah
says. 'Does yuh think Ah’s deef?’

   "She kinder walls up her eyes, like de
pictures ob de saints ’bout to git kilt by
de lions yuh sees, an’ says, real fast-like,
'No, no; Ah won’t; Ah won’t, Ah tell
yuh; Ah won’t!’ An’ then she kinder
breaks down an’ shivers like she’d taken
a chill or sumpin, an’ sorter turns around
to me an’ says, 'It’s no use, Nancy; he’s

got me; tell Mistu Norval Ah love-’

An’ wid dat she stops talkin’, an’ her lips
sorter curls back from her teeth, an’ her
eyes goes all glassy an’ stary, an’ she
sorter growls way down in her throat,
an’ her hands sorter balls up into fists,
on’y de fingers is stretched out like she
wuz goin’ to scratch somebody, an’—jest
about dat time Ah gits down behind de
sofa over yonder, suh, ’cause Ah was
pow’ful ’feared she wuz a-goin’ to jump
on me.”

  "Yes, and then?” de Grandin asked,
his little eyes shining.

  "Lawd-a-massy, suh. Den de trouble
did start. Like to scairt mah haid white!
Miz Hildegarde done run over to de
winder an’ looked out at sumpin down
there in de yard, an’ yelled sumpin in
some foreign words, an’ den she took out
an* run downstairs like de debbil hisse’f
wuz after her, a-howlin’ an’ yellin’ an’
carryin’ on like she wuz a dawg her own
se’f, suh. ’Deed, she did!”

  "And can you recall what it was she
said when she looked out the window,
Mademoiselle?”

    W. T.—2

  "Lawdy, no, suh. Ah don’t speak no
language ’ceptin’ English!”

  "Think, Mademoiselle. Much, a very
great much, depends on it. Can not you
say what the words sounded like, even
though they conveyed no meaning to
you?”

  The woman rolled her eyes upward
and inhaled deeply, compressing her lips
and puffing out her cheeks as though she
would force memory by the very pressure
of pent-up breath. At length:

  "Hit sounded like she said 'jere raven,’
suh,” she replied, expelling the breath
from her packed lungs with an explosive
gasp. "Not perzackly 'raven,’ suh, but
sumpin like hit. Dat’s de neares’ Ah can
come to hit. Yuh see, Ah wuz so scairt
Ah wuzn’t takin’ no proper notice ob
what she said. What she wuz gwine to
do wuz what int’rested me, suh.”

  "Jere raven; jere raven?” de Gran-
din muttered musingly to himself.

"jere-

  "Barbe d’un pore, I have it! Je reviens
—I return—I come back! That was it;
n’est-ce-pas, Mademoiselle?” he turned
inquiringly to the maid.

"Yas, suh; dat’s jes’ what she said, like
Ah done tole yuh. 'Jere raven;’ dat’s hit!”
He cast a swift, triumphant glance at
me. "What have you now to say, my
old one?” he demanded.

  "Nothing, only-”

  "Tres bon. Say the 'nothing’ now; the
'only’ will wait till later. Let us first seek
Madame Hildegarde.”

  A hurry call was put in to police head-
quarters, and for upward of three hours
we patrolled the cold, deserted streets,
but neither sight nor information of
Hildegarde Fleetwood could we obtain.
At last, cold, exhausted and discouraged,
we turned back, dreading Norval’s tragic
eyes when we reported failure.

  Beside the front portico of the house
738

WEIRD TALES

we paused a moment while I spread my
lap-robe over the engine-hood, for I had
not yet put on my winter radiator-front.
As I turned toward the steps, a feeble,
whimpering moan from the copse of
dwarf spruce beside the porch attracted
my attention. A moment later we had
parted the evergreens, and de Grandin
flashed the light of his pocket lamp into
the shadow under them.

  Hildegarde Fleetwood crouched hud-
dled in a heap in an angle of the wall,
the flimsy black-chiffon pajama negligee
she wore torn to tatters, one black-satin
mule hanging to her delicate, unstock-
inged foot by its heel-strap, the other
only heaven knew where. Beneath the
rents in her diaphanous costume cancelli
of deep, angry scratches showed, her feet
were bruised and bleeding and stained
with red-day mud above the ankles,
other patches of earth-soil were on her
knees and hands and arms, and the nails
of every carefully-cared-for finger were
grimy with fresh earth and broken to the
quick. Earth-stains were on her face and
clotted in her hair, too, as though she
might have wiped her countenance and
put back the flowing veil of her long,
bronze hair with clayey hands while she
performed some arduous task.

  "Good Lord!’1 I cried, stooping to
gather the all but frozen girl in my arms
and bear her up the steps.

  The little Frenchman aided me as best
he could, lighting my way with his
pocket torch, leaping before me to fling
wide the storm- and vestibule-doors. "At
last,” he murmured softly, "at last, my
friend, you do assume the proper attitude
and call upon the Lord. We shall have
much need of His aid before we finish—
and of the aid of Jules de Grandin, like-
wise.”

  We hurried restorative treatment as
much as possible. A sponge bath of

chilled water, followed by a rubdown
with alcohol and gentle massage with dry
flannel cloths restored her circulation,
and a cup of hot beef tea administered in
spoonful doses brought some semblance
of color to her pallid cheeks. We watched
for any symptoms of congestion, but were
at last satisfied that Hildegarde had
suffered nothing worse than shock, and
so we gave a bromide sedative and left,
impressing Norval with the importance
of calling us immediately if any change in
her condition came.

  I shook my head despondently as we
drove toward my house. "This case ap-
pears more serious than I’d thought at
first,” I finally admitted.

 "Much,” de Grandin nodded em-
phatically. "Very much, my friend. Very
damn much, indeed. Yes. Certainly.”

“ jyjTORDIEU, my worst fears are all
J.VJL confirmed! It is devilish, in-
fernal, no less! Read, my friend, read
and weep, then say whose diagnosis was
wrong, who talked the words of the fool
concerning poor, bedeviled Madame
Hildegarde, if you please!” Jules de
Grandin cried as he perused the Morning
Journal next day at breakfast. He thrust
the paper at me with hands which trem-
bled with excitement, indicating the item
in the upper right-hand angle of the first
page:

GHOULS OPEN GIRL'S GRAVE

Remove Body From Casket, Steal Lily From
Dead Hands and Leave Remains Uncovered

Woman in Black Sought

Called at Cemetery Earlier in Night and
Frightened Sexton

  Ghouls, working in the silence of St. Rose’s R.
C. Cemetery, on the Andover Rd. two miles north
of Harrisonville, it became known early today,
dug up from a freshly made grave the body of
Miss Monica Doyle, 16, daughter of Patrick Doyle,
163 Willow Ave., Harrisonville, who died last
Wednesday and was buried yesterday morning.

  From the slender hands crossed on the dead
THE WOLF OF ST. BONNOT

739

giil s breast, clasping a rosary and the stem of a
white lily, the ghouls stole the flower and carried
it away.

  The corpse, with its shroud and burial clothing
disordered and torn, was thrown back face down
in the casket, the lid replaced and the grave left
open.

  The crime, with its weird settings and the added
mystery of the visit to the cemetery earlier in the
night of a strange black-robed woman accompa-
nied by a monstrous white dog, who frightened
the sexton, Andrew Fischer, was disclosed early
this morning when Ronald Flander, 25, and Jacob
Rupert, 31, grave-diggers, going to prepare a grave
for an early morning funeral, noticed the fresh
earth heaped up by the Doyle girl’s violated grave
and, going nearer, discovered the unearthed casket
and corpse.

  Desecration of Miss Doyle’s grave forms one of
the most remarkable crimes in the annals of New
Jersey since the murder of Sarah Humphreys 5
years ago, the scene of which was the golf links
of the Sedgemoar Country club which is slightly
more than two miles distant from the cemetery and
also abuts on the Andover Rd.

  One theory advanced is that a person possessed
of religious fanaticism, swayed by the superstition
that a lily buried with a body will thrive on the
corpse, committed the deed to remove the flower.

  The police are now running down scores of
clues in an effort to solve the mystery and an ar-
rest is promised within 24 hours.

  I finished the grisly account, then
stared in wide-eyed horror at de Grandin.
"This is terrible—devilish—as you say,”
I admitted. "Who-”

  "Ah bah, who asks what overset the
cream-jug when the cat emerges from the
salle a manger with whitened whiskers?”
he shot back. "Come, let us go. There is
no time to lose.”

  •'Go? Where?”

   "To the cemetery of St. Rose, of course.
Come, quick; haste, my friend. The
police, in pursuit of the scores of clues so
glibly talked of by our journalistic friend,
may have already obliterated all that
which would be useful to us. Nous
perrons/"

  "D’ye think they’ll really make an
arrest?”

  "God forbid,” he answered piously.
’’Come, for heaven’s love; hurry, mon
vieux, I beseech you!”

A small egg-shaped stove, crammed
with mixed soft coal and coke, and
glowing dully red, heated the little
cement-block office of St. Rose’s Cemetery
to mid-August temperature and made
mock of the December wind whistling
about the angles of the house and wrest-
ling with the bare-limbed trees which
dotted the dismal little burial park. Mr.
Fischer, a round-faced, blue-eyed man in
early middle age who looked as though
he would have been more at home stand-
ing in white jacket behind a delicatessen
counter, nodded us casual greeting from
behind the copy of the Morgen Zeitung
he was perusing with interest. "From the
newspapers?” he inquired. "Can’t tell
you nothin’ more’n you already know.
Can’t you fellers leave me have no peace?
I’m busy this mornin’, an’-”

  "So much is obvious,” de Grandin cut
in with a quick smile which took the edge
from his irony, "but we will take but a
moment of yOur time. Meanwhile, as
your minutes are precious, perhaps you
would accept a small compensation for a
little information?” There was a flash of
green, and a banknote changed hands
with the rapidity of a prestidigitator’s
card disappearing. Mr. Fischer’s slightly
bored manner gave way to one of urbane
alertness. "Sure, what can I do for you
gents?” he wanted to know.

  The little Frenchman produced his cig-
arette case, proffered it to Fischer and
selected a smoke for himself with in-
finite care. "First of all,” he replied, "we
desire to know of the mysterious lady in
black whose appearance has been com-
mented on. You can tell us of her, per-
haps?”

  "Sure can,” the other volunteered. "It
was about half-past nine or ten o’clock
she like to scared a lung out o’ me. We
close th’ main gates at eight an’ th’ foot-
path gates at half-past nine, an’ I’d just
740

WEIRD TALES

locked the small gate and gotten ready to
hit th’ hay when I heard it flappin’ an’
bangin’ in th’ wind. It was pretty bad
last night, you know. I went out to see
what th’ matter was, an’ darned if th’
lock hadn’t broken. It was kind o’ old an’
rusty, anyhow, but it oughtn’t to have
broken in an ordinary wind-storm. I
tinkered with it awhile, but couldn’t do
nothin’ with it, so I went to look for a
piece o’ rope or wire or somethin’ to tie
it shut.

  "There’s a tool shed over th’ other end
o’ th’ lot—other side o’ th’ consecrated
ground, where suicides an’ unbaptized chil-
dren an’ th’ like o’ that is buried, right
by th’ pauper section—an’ I thought most
likely I’d find what I was lookin’ for
there. Th’ men dumps everythin’ they
don’t happen to be usin’ in it. Well, sir,
just as I was cuttin’ across to that shed,
who should jump up out o’ nowhere but
a great, long, tall woman with th’ biggest
an’ ugliest brute of a dog you ever seen
standing right alongside her. Gott in
Himmel!” — he dropped his idiomatic
American for the language of his father-
land—"I was frightened!”

  The Frenchman thoughtfully flicked a
half-inch of ash on the worn linoleum
rug covering the room’s cement floor.
"And can you des'cribe her?” he asked
slowly, shooting me a quick glance, then
regarding the curling smoke from his
cigarette with careful scrutiny.

  Mr. Fischer considered a moment. "I
ain’t sure,” he replied. "It was so sud-
den, th’ way she bobbed up from no-
where, an’ I don’t mind admittin’ I was
more anxious to run than stand there an’
look at her. She was pretty tall, half a
head taller than th’ average woman, I’d
say at a guess, an’—well, I suppose you
could call her pretty, too. Kind o’ thin
an’ straight, with great, long hair all
blowin’ round her face an’ shoulders,

dressed in some sort o’ blade robe with
no sleeves, an’—an’ kind o’—I don’t
know just how to say it, sir. Sort o’ devil-
/^-lookin’, you might say.”

  "Devilish? How?”

  ' Well, she had a kind o’ smile on her
face, like she was pleased to meet me
there, but more pleased I was alone—if
you get me. More of a snarl than a smile,
you’d call it; kind o’ pleased an’ savage-
lookin’ at th' same time.

  "An’ that dog! Mein Gott! He was
big as a calf an’ with a long, pointed
snout an’ great, red mouth hangin’ open,
an’ long, narrow eyes, like a Chinaman’s,
an’ they was flashin’ in th’ dark, like a
cat’s!”

  "Did they move to attack you?”

  "No, sir, I can’t say they did. Just
stood there, th’ dog with one foot raised,
like he was ready to jump on me, an’ th’
woman standin’ beside him with her hair
all blowin’ about her an’ one hand on
th’ beast’s back, an’ th’ both of ’em
growled at me! So help me, th’ beast
growled first, an’ th’ woman did th’ same.

  "I didn’t waste no time gettin’ away
from there, I can tell you!”

  "You have no idea from whence they
came?”

  "None whatever.”

  "Nor where they went thereafter?”
"Not me. I got back here as fast as I
could an’ locked th’ door an’ moved th’
desk against it!”

  "U’m. And may one see the grave of
the so unfortunate Mademoiselle Doyle?”
Racial antipathy flared in Fischer’s eyes
as de Grandin used the French title, but
memory of recent largess was more potent
than inherited hatred. "Sure,” he agreed,
with markedly lessened cordiality, and
slipped a stained sheepskin reefer over
his shoulders. "Come on.”

  Casket and earth had been replaced in
the violated sepulcher, but the raw red
THE WOLF OF ST. BONNOT

741

earth showed like a bleeding wound
about the place where Monica Doyle lay
in everlasting slumber.

  The little Frenchman observed sur-
roundings carefully, sank to his knees to
take a closer view of the trampled mud
about the refilled grave, then rose with a
nod. "And now, if you will be so good
as to show us where you encountered the
so strange visitants last night, we shall no
longer trouble you,” he told the sexton.

The cemetery was a small one, and
obviously catered to a far from
wealthy clientele. Few graves were
properly mounded, and more briars than
flowers evidently grew there in the sum-
mer. Now, in bleak December, it held an
air of desolation which depressed me like
a strain of melancholy music. Bare and
desolate as the better portions of the park
were, however, the section set aside for
indigents and those who died without
the pale was infinitely worse. No turf,
save weed crab-grass, hid the bare, red
clay from view, the graves were fallen in
and those which sported markers were
more pathetic than those unmarked, for
mere white-painted boards or stones so
crudely carved that any beggar might
scorn to own them were all the monu-
ments. Midway between the garden-
plots of hopelessness the superintendent
paused. "Here’s where it was,” he an-
nounced curtly, eyeing de Grandin with
no friendly glance. "Make it snappy;
I’m busy—can’t stand here in th’ cold all
day.”

  Once more de Grandin surveyed the
terrain. Sinking to his knees he looked
minutely at the red and sticky mud where
Fischer had been frightened, then rose,
and with a queer, abbreviated stride,
moved toward the lines of leafless Lom-
bardy poplars which served as wind-break
by the rear fence of the graveyard.

  "Hey, I can’t wait no longer,” the
superintendent warned. "Got a lot o’
things to do. See me in my office if you
want to ask me anything else,” with
which announcement he turned upon his
heel and left us.

  "Sale caboche,” de Grandin muttered,
casting a level stare of cold hatred at the
sexton’s retreating back. "No matter, you
have served your turn; your absence is the
best gift you can give us. Quick, Friend
Trowbridge, stand before me, if you
please.”

  From his waistcoat pocket he produced
his cigarette lighter and set it flaring, and
from the pocket of his topcoat he took a
length of paraffin candle. "I thought we
might have need of this,” he explained as
he proceeded to melt the grease and pour
it carefully into the imprint of a tiny,
slender shoe which showed in the wet
clay..

  "Whatever are you doing?” I asked,
standing before him to shield him from
the wind and the glance of any curious
passers-by at once.

  "Parbleu, I do construct a brick house
in which to store your senseless ques-
tions!” he answered with a grin, tamping
the hot paraffin daintily into the depres-
sion, then waiting anxiously for it to
harden.

  As soon as the impression had been
made, he wrapped it carefully in two
thick sheets of paper, then, with his find
held tenderly as a day-old infant, pro-
ceeded methodically to pace across the
graveyard, carefully obliterating every
feminine footprint he could find. "I
doubt the police have taken casts of
these,” he told me, "but if the good Cos-
tello comes into the case he may show
more intelligence than most. He has asso-
ciated much with me, you will recall.”

  When all had been accomplished to his
satisfaction, he steered me toward the
742

WEIRD TALES

entrance. "Merci beaucoup, Monsieur
V Allemand-transplante!” he called ironi-
cally as he lifted his green-felt hat and
passed from the cemetery.

  "Dam’ Frog!” returned Superintendent
Fischer, with which exchange of ameni-
ties we parted company.

  "Slowly, Friend Trowbridge, drive
slowly, if you please,” he ordered as we
left the graveyard, and from his vantage-
point beside me he peered from left to
right at the scrub vegetation bordering
the road. Once or twice at his request I
stopped while he alighted and made
forays into the undergrowth. Finally,
when we had consumed the better part of
an hour traversing a quarter-mile, he re-
turned from an investigative trip with a
smile of satisfaction. "Triomphe!” he
announced, holding his find up for my
inspection. It was a dainty, French-heeled
black-satin bedroom mule, the strap de-
signed to hold it to its wearer’s heel torn
loose from its stitchings at one end, and
the whole smeared with sticky, red-day
mud.

  "And now, if you will be so good as
to put me down, I shall be very grateful,”
he informed me as we reached the cen-
tral part of town.

Something like an hour later he
entered my consulting-room, eyes
shining with elation, a smile of satisfac-
tion hovering beneath the needle ends of
his diminutive, tightly waxed blond
mustache. "Doubting Thomases must
have their proof,” he told me; "c’est
pourquoi I bring you yours. Regardez:

  "This”—he carefully unwrapped a
parcel and laid its contents on the desk—
"is the impression of the so dainty foot-
print which I did take at the cemetery.
This”—from his overcoat pocket he
fished the satin mule he had salvaged
from the roadside—"is what we found

near by the cemetery upon our homeward
trip. And this”—from another pocket he
produced the first satin slipper’s mate—
"is Madame Hildegarde’s shoe which she
wore last night when we did find her all
unconscious outside her house. I did buy
it from the femme de chambre whom we
interviewed last night but one little hour
ago. Yes. Now, attend me:

  "You will observe the shoes are iden-
tical, save one is broken, the other whole.
You will notice both are stained with
identical red mud—the mud of St. Rose’s
Cemetery. Now, you will notice, each fits
the impression I took among the graves.
Enfin, they are each other’s mates, the
shoes of Madame Hildegarde which she
wore last night—into the cemetery when
she and that wolf-thing which com-
panioned her dug up the corpse of Ma-
demoiselle Doyle! She was the so mys-
terious 'woman in black,’ my friend, and
—par pitie de Dieu!—her companion
was the revenant spirit of Gilles Gamier,
the werewolf of St. Bonnot, which slipped
through the door Mademoiselle Noyer let
open at her never-to-be-enough-repro-
bated seance that Sunday night at Twelve-
trees!

  "Laugh, snicker, grin like a dog! I
tell you it is so! Pliit a Dieu it were
otherwise!”

  "I’m not laughing,” I answered sober-
ly. "I was inclined to think you were at
your favorite game of phantom-fighting
at first; but the developments in this case
have been so strange and dreadful I’m
willing to let you take full charge. We’ve
seen some strange, terrible things to-
gether, de Grandin, and I’m not inclined

to scoff now. But tell me-”

  "Everything I can!” he cut in impetu-
ously, holding out his hands. "What is
it you would know?”

  "If Hildegarde’s animal companion
really were a werewolf, why did they un-
THE WOLF OF ST. BONNOT

i743

earth the body of the Doyle girl? I’ve
always heard werewolves attacked the
living.”

  "And also the dead,” he replied.
"There are different grades among them;
some kill dogs and sheep, but fight man-
kind only when attacked, some are like
hyenas, and prey upon the dead, others—
the worst—lust after human flesh, espe-
cially human blood, and quest and kill
women, children, even men, when weaker
game is not available. In this case, this
vile Garnier perchance chose the help-
less dead for victim for their raid
because-”

  "Their raid?” I echoed in horror.
"Their--”

  "Alas, yes. It is too true. Poor, un-
fortunate Madame Hildegarde has be-
come even as her conqueror and master,
Gilles Garnier. She, too, is loup-garou.
She, too, is of that multitudinous herd
not yet made fast in hell. Recall how she
cried out, ’No, no, I will not come!’ last
night, then, turning to her maid, said,
'It is no use, he has me!’ Also how she
charged the femme de chambre with a
farewell message of love for her husband
ere she ran howling from the house to
join her ghostly master? Remember, too,
how her nails were all mud-stained and
broken when we found her? Assuredly,
she had been digging in the grave beside
that other one. Yes.”

  "Then why didn’t they-” I began,

but the question stuck in my throat.

"Why didn’t they—eat-” I stopped,

nauseated.

  "Because of what the dead girl’s dead
hands clasped,” he answered. "The lily
they could ravish away and tear to bits—
I found shreds of it embedded in the
mud beside the grave, though the police
and others overlooked it—but the blessed
Rosary and the body assoiled with prayer
and incense and holy water—ha, pardieu,

    »

those defied them, and they could do no
more than vent their futile, baffled rage
upon the corpse and offer it gross insult
and cast it back into its coffin. No.”

  He took a quick half-turn across the
room, retraced his steps, snatched a cig-
arette from his case and set it aglow with
savage energy. "Attend me,” he ordered,
seating himself on the corner of the desk
and fixing me with a level, unwinking
stare.

  "You are familiar with the so-called
'new psychology’ of Freud and Jung, at
least you have a working knowledge of it.
Very well, then, consider: You know
there is no such thing as true forgetful-
ness. Every gross desire—every hatred,
every passion, every lust the conscious,
waking mind experiences is indexed and
pigeon-holed in the recesses of the sub-
liminal mind. Those whose conscious
recollection is free from every vestige of
envy, malice, hatred or lust may go to a
seance, and there liberate all the repressed
—the 'forgotten’—evil desires they have
had since early childhood without being
in anywise aware of it. We know from
our study of psychology that fixed, im-
mutable laws govern mental processes.
There is, by example, the law of similar-
ity, which evokes the association of ideas;
there is the law of integration, which
splits mental images into integral frag-
ments, and the law of re-integration,
which enables the subconscious mind to
rearrange these split images into one com-
pleted picture of a past event or scene as
one fits together the pieces of a jig-saw
puzzle.

  "Very good. Ten or a dozen people
seat themselves in silence around a table,
every condition for light hypnosis is pres-
ent—lack of external attractions of the
attention, darkness, a common focusing
of thought upon a single objective, that
of attracting spirits. In such conditions
744

WEIRD TALES

the sitters may be said to 'pool their con-
sciousness’—the normal inhibitions of the
conscious mind are relieved from duty.
The sentry sleeps and the fortress gates
are open! Conditions for invasion are
ideal.

  "Eh bien, my friend, do not think the
enemy is slow to take advantage of his
opportunity. By no means. If there be
even one person at the seance whose sub-
consciousness locks up any unholy desires
—and who has been entirely free from
thought-dominance by one of the Seven
Deadly Sins throughout his life?—the
Powers of Evil have a ready-made ally
within the gates. That like attracts like
is a dominant law of nature, and the law
of similarity is one of the rules of psy-
chology. The gateway of the psyche is
thrown open to whoever may enter in.

  "Now, who would be the easiest one
attacked? Madame Hildegarde is not
well. Her blood-stream, her whole sys-
tem, must care for two instead of one,
thereby lessening her powers of resist-
ance.

  "Very good. A sign? Consider what
occurred. A rapping announces a man-
spirit, seeking communication. His name
is asked. He answers. Eh bien, I shall
say he answers! He gives his real name,
for there is little fear that any one pres-
ent will recognize him. 'Gilles Garnier,
who lived at St. Bonnot in the reign of
King Charles,’ he brazenly announces
himself. Do you know him, perhaps?”
He paused a moment, lifting his brows
interrogatively.

  "Why, no, I never heard of him,” I
answered.

  "Bien. Neither had any one there
present. His name, his nationality, his
epoch, all sounded 'romantic’ to a circle
of fat-headed fools; is it not so? Yes,
decidedly.

  "Ha, but Jules de Grandin knew him!
As you have studied the history of medi-
cine and anesthesia and of the recurrent
plagues which have scourged the world,
so I have studied the history of those
other plagues which destroyed the body
or the soul, sometimes both together. Lis-
ten, I will tell you of Gilles Garnier:

  "In 1573, when Charles IX occupied
the throne of France, there dwelt at St.
Bonnot, near the town of Dole, a fellow
named Gilles Gamier. He was an ill-
favored churl, and those who knew him
best knew little good of him. He dwelt
alone, so that the country folk called him
’the hermit,’ but the title carried with it
no attribute of sanctity. Quite otherwise.

  "Midsummer came that fateful year,
and with it numerous complaints to the
Parliament of Dole. Farmers living near
the city brought in accounts of sheep
stolen from the fold at dead of night, of
dogs killed as they watched the flocks, of
little children found dead and horribly
mangled along the roadside and beneath
the hedges. Three wandering minstrels
—all veterans of the wars and stout
swordsmen—were set upon as they rode
through the wood of St. Bonnot at night,
and one of them was all but killed,
though they resisted fiercely. The coun-
tryside was terrorized and even men-at-
arms preferred to stay at home by night,
for a loup-garou, or werewolf, the like of
which had never before been known, had
claimed the land for his own from sunset
until dawn.

  "On the evening of November 8,
1573, when the fields were all but nude '
of vegetation and the last leaves re-
luctantly parting company with the trees,
three laborers were hurrying to their
homes at Chastenoy by a woodland short-
cut when they heard the screams of a
little girl issuing from a dense tangle of
vines and undergrowth. And with the
THE WOLF OF ST. BONNOT

745

child’s cries mingled the baying of a
wolf.

  "Swinging their billhooks, they cut
themselves a pathway through the wild-
wood, and hastened toward the sounds.
In a little clearing they beheld this ter-
rifying sight: Backed against a tree, de-
fending herself as best she might with
her shepherd’s crook, was a little maid of
ten, already bleeding from a score of
wounds, while before her crouched a
monstrous creature which never ceased its
devilish baying as it attacked her tooth
and nail.

  "As the peasants ran forward the thing
fled off into the forest on all fours, dis-
appearing instantly in the darkness. The
men would have followed, but the faint-
ing, sorely wounded child demanded
their attention.”

  He paused to light another cigarette,
then: "In court,” he asked, "when there
is contrariety of testimony, supposing all
witnesses had equal opportunity of
observation, which version would be
believed?”

  "Why, that supported by the greatest
number of witnesses, I suppose,” I
answered.

  "Very good. That seems logical, does
it not? Consider then: Next day, when
these peasants laid their story before the
authorities, one swore the child’s assail-
ant had a man’s body, though it was
covered with hair and ran on all fours;
the other two declared as positively it had
the body of a gaunt, light-gray wolf, but
the eyes of a man.

  "You will recall, perhaps, the amiable
Monsieur Fischer declared this morning
that the brute which frightened him last
night had 'eyes like a Chinaman’? Very
well.

  "November 14, 1573, a little boy of
eight disappeared. The child had last
been seen within a crossbow’s range of

the city gates, yet he had vanished as com-
pletely as though the earth had swallowed
him. Morbleu, swallowed he had been,
but not by the earth! No.

  "Circumstantial evidence involved this
so unsaintly hermit, Gilles Garnier. A
sergent de ville and six arquebusiers went
forth to arrest him and took him into
custody shortly after noon on November
16. His trial followed quickly.

  "It is a curious circumstance, often
commented on, that those involved in
such crimes seldom needed to be put to
the question, but readily confessed when
finally their sin had found them out. It
was usually so in witchcraft trials; it was
so in this. Garnier readily admitted mak-
ing a compact with the Devil whereby he
was given the power of transforming him-
self into a wolf at will, providing he
willed it between darkness and cock-crow.

  "Witnesses in flocks appeared against
him. The trouveurs who had been at-
tacked appeared, and so did many a
farmer whose sheepfold had been raided;
but the little maid the peasants saved
near Chastenoy was strongest in her testi-
mony, for she identified the prisoner by
his eyes. Furthermore, when an impres-
sion of his teeth was taken, it matched
precisely with the tooth-marks in her
half-healed scars. The werewolf keeps
his human teeth, as well as eyes, while
metamorphosized, it seems.

  "Gamier admitted the attack and
added tales of many others to it. On the
last day of Michaelmas, near the wood of
La Serre, while in his wolf-form, he had
attacked with teeth and claws a little girl
of ten or twelve, dragged her into a
thicket and gnawed the flesh from her
arms and legs. There were those who
corroborated his story in part, by telling
of the finding of the little mutilated
corpse.

  "On the fourteenth day after All
746

WEIRD TALES

Saints, also in the form of a wolf, he had
killed and eaten a little boy. On Friday
before the feast of St. Bartholomew he
had seized and killed a lad of twelve
near the village of Perrouze, and would
have eaten him but for the appearance of
some peasants. These men were found
and corroborated the prisoner’s story,
and again conflict of testimony appeared.
Some swore he was in human form,
though fur-covered and going on all
fours; the others deposed he had a true
wolf’s form. All were agreed he howled
and growled like any natural beast.

  "By the way,” he broke off, "can you
recall the date Mademoiselle Noyer con-
voked her seance at Twelvetrees?”

  "Why—er”—I made a hasty mental
calculation—"yes, of course. It was the
twenty-sixth of November.”

  Precisementhe nodded gravely.
"And it was upon November 26, 1573,
that Gilles Garnier, forever after to be
known as the werewolf of St. Bonnot,
having duly been found guilty, was
dragged for half a mile over a rough
road by ropes attached to his ankles,
bound to a stake and given to the flames.”

  "Coinci-” I began doubtfully, but:

  "Coinci—devil!” he snapped. "Coin-
cidences like that do not occur, my friend.
For almost four and a half centuries this
man’s wicked, earth bound soul had
hovered in the air, invisible, but very
potent. Upon the anniversary of his exe-
cution his memory is strongest, for
jealousy of life, and rage, and eagerness
to return and raven once again are great-
est then. He beats against the portal of
our world like the wolf against the doors
of les trois petit cochons in the nursery-
story, and where he finds a door weak
enough—he breaks through! Yes. In-
dubitably. It is so.”

   "But see here,” I countered, "it’s all
very well to say he’s seized Hildegarde’s

brain—I shan’t dispute it with you—but
how is he able to manifest himself
physically? It might have been a vision
or a ghost or specter, or whatever you
wish to call it, that Fischer saw in the
cemetery, or that Norval Fleetwood saw
sporting with his wife on the lawn at
Twelvetrees, but it was no unsubstantial
wraith which dug the little Doyle girl
from her grave and tossed her poor,
desecrated body back into its casket. It
won’t do to say Hildegarde did it. Even
granting she had the supernatural
strength of the insane, the task would
have been physically impossible for her to
perform unaided.”

  "Incomparable Trowbridge!” he cried
delightedly. "Always, when it looks
darkest, you do show me a light in the
blackness. To you I and Madame Hilde-
garde owe our salvation. No less!”

  I stared at him open-mouthed. "What

in the world-” I began, but he cut me

short with a delighted gesture.

  "Attend me carefully,” he ordered.
"You have resolved a most damnably
complex problem into a most simple
solution. Yes. You know—or at least I
so inform you—that one of the common
phenomena associated with spiritistic
seances is the production of light. Numer-
ous mediums have the power of attract-
ing or emitting light, and even in small,
amateur circles where there is in all truth
little enough 'light’ in the psychic sense,
such elemental phenomena are produced.
Very good. What is this light? Some of
it may be true spirit-phenomena, but
mostly it is nothing but human mental
energy manifested as light waves, and
given off by the concerted thought of the
circle of sitters at the seance. But at times
this essence given off is something more
substantial than the mere emission of
vibrations capable of being recognized as
(Continued on page 856)
Bvmt Tfcirvcfs, .

by ROeeRT C .fANDhJTOH /

"Come with us into the nice warm fire."

D

E NEXT town am Como, sah!”
said the porter, lugubriously.
He said it in much the same tone
that he might have used in announcing
that my coffin awaited.

  I swore under my breath, impatiently.
This confounded mystery was getting on
my nerves. First the ticket agent at Ral-
ston.

  "Como?” he had said blankly. "You
want a ticket for Como?” The inference
plainly was that no human being in his
right mind could ever wish to go to Como.
"Oh—uh—ticket for Como, yessir.”

  And then the conductor. The way he
had stared at my ticket and at me, and
finally asked, as if doubting the evidence
of his eyes: "You’re going to Como, are
you?”

  "For heaven’s sake,” I answered, “why
shouldn’t I be going there?”

  He had looked at me oddly and shook
his head without answering.

  And then at the junction where the train
had changed crews, the new conductor had
repeated the performance.

  "Been there since the fire?” he asked,
when he was finally assured of my desti-
nation.

  I shook my head. I remembered read-
ing in the papers that a month or so be-
fore, the sugar factory at Como had
burned under queer circumstances, and
the death list had been appalling. It had
taken half the town with it, and I thought
the mystery was explained. When half a
town of two hundred population bums,
the remnant is scarcely visible to the
naked eye, and certainly could hold little
attraction for the visitor.

  "You know there ain’t any—ain’t many

                                    747
748

WEIRD TALES

people there now,” the conductor per-
sisted.

   I hate making explanations, but he was
plainly awaiting one.

  "I’m visiting friends on a ranch near
there.”

   "Oh, that’s different.” His voice indi-
cated positive relief. “They’ll be waiting
to meet you, I suppose.”

  "Why, no, they won’t. It’s a surprize
visit. I’ll stop in the village over night,
and hire someone to drive me out next
morning.”

  "Stop there over night?” The con-
ductor spoke so sharply that 1 jumped.
"Say, if there’s no one to meet you—say,
it’s only ten miles into San Benito. Why
don’t you ride on down there and catch
Number One back in the morning. Then
you’ll get there in daylight.”

  "I’m not scared of the dark,” I said,
with what I hoped was withering sarcasm.
"Please have the porter make up my berth.
I’ll knock off a little sleep before we get
there.”

  The conductor opened his mouth two
or three times, but finally went his way
without speaking. He was back in a few
minutes with the porter, to whom he spoke
heavily:

  'Take good care of this gentleman,
Sam. He’s going to Como.”

  "Fo’ de Lawd’s sake!” The negro’s
eyes and mouth both popped wide.

  "I am!” I said irritably. "And please
make up my berth!”

  The conductor passed on down the
aisle, and the porter, after a moment of
goggle-eyed amazement, began to prepare
the berth.

  "You’ll be sure and wake me in time?”
I added.

  "Yessuh, yessuh!” The negro spoke ab-
stractedly; then turning to face me: "Boss,
does yo’ know yo’ll git in there at one
o’clock in the mo’nin’?”

  "What about it?” I asked.

  "Ever'body done moved away from
there, boss, ’scusin’ one old geezer, what’d
make good food fo’ the squirrels.”

  "What’s wrong with him?”

  "Sorta weak in the haid. An’ then
there’s—there’s—say, boss, you been there
since the fire?”

  "No.”

  "Funny things goin’ on there, boss—
funny things. Lots o' men died in that
fire, an’ they do say as how it was set.”

   "An incendiary fire? Yes, I read of it.
And I suppose the ghosts of the burned
come back for vengeance?”

  “All right! All right, boss! Laugh as
much as yo’ want to. But she’s a mighty
queer place fo’ to spend a night in!”

   I turned away impatiently, and as soon
as the blankets were spread, turned in. I
was half tempted to ride on into San
Benito, as the conductor had suggested.
But after all I had said, that might be
construed into a confession that I was
afraid of the dark! So I remained silent,
and presently dropped asleep.

  "De next town am Como, sah!” the
porter had said, and I sat up sleepily and
began drawing on my clothes.

   "Listen, boss. Be a lot safer if yo’ was
to ride on to San Benito with us.”

   I had been thinking the same thing my-
self, but this only stiffened my determina-
tion to leave the train there, if I died for
it. But of late I’ve been valuing my life
more highly.

Ihad scarcely finished dressing when
the train began to slow down, and I
hurried out to the vestibule. The porter
dropped the steps, his eyes rolling uneasily
over his shoulder. I was scarcely on the
ground when he hurled the steps back into
the ca,r, and followed them so fast that his
white coat fairly blurred, in the darkness.

  "De Lawd take keer o’ yo’, boss,” he
said as the train chugged out. It gathered
speed so rapidly, it almost seemed the en-
BURNT THINGS

,749

gineer was anxious to leave Como behind
—far behind.

  "Nice, cheerful cuss,” I murmured, as
I picked up my suitcase and stared doubt-
fully around me.

  It had been more than a year since I
had been in the village, and the fire had
changed the face of things vastly. The
gutted factory still dominated the town,
however, as of yore. Its broken, fire-
blackened walls still towered jaggedly, out
there across the tracks.

   The depot was a mere heap of ashes, as
were all the near-by houses, but up where
Main Street had been some brick buildings
had partly withstood the flames. Appar-
ently they had also acted as a fire-stop, for
other houses beyond there seemed to be
untouched. I wondered why people should
abandon perfectly good homes in that
fashion.

  I picked up my suitcase and set out.
There were no lights showing, but know-
ing that the old man at least still lived in
the village, it shouldn’t take long to locate
him. And after all, Jim’s ranch was only
six or eight miles away, if walk I must.

  There was something horribly depress-
ing about the deserted street—as if I were
walking in a village of the dead. I found
myself thinking of the entire families who
had perished in the fire—of the two score
men trapped in the factory and inciner-
ated.

   It was no sort of thing to ponder on at
one o’clock in the morning—even though
the fresh, clean smell of western prairies
swept in out of the darkness. For it had
been raining that day and heavier and
nearer at hand was the smell of wet ashes
and dead embers.

   I gained the main street and stood look-
ing helplessly about. I had no idea in
which house the old man might live, and
it looked as if I .might shift for myself in
one of the unburned buildings.

  "Good evening,” said a voice, pleas-
antly.

  I had not heard the man approach. I
must have broken all records for a stand-
ing high jump. He stood close behind me,
dressed in the greasy clothes of a factory
laborer, with a cap pulled far down over
his face.

  "You startled me,” I said with a laugh.
"I was beginning to think I was the only
person in the village.”

  "Old John Barry’s still here,” said the
stranger. "You’ll find him over yonder.
He never comes over here where the fire
was.”

   "I’d like to find him,” I admitted. "I’ll
have to stay in town over night, until I
can get transportation out to Jim Don-
nelly’s ranch.”

  "He sleeps all day and prowls around
all night, so you’ll find him all right—
over yonder.”

  I thanked him and turned away, when
he took two quick steps forward and
rubbed both hands violently along my
overcoat. Then he vanished among the
ruins, so quickly it seemed as if he had
vaporized into air.

  Perhaps he was die lunatic the porter
had described, I thought as I crossed the
street. Certainly he had been dabbling
among the wet ashes, for he smelt abomi-
nably of burning, and some of the smell
had transferred itself to my coat.

Finding old Barry proved no difficult
task. I had gone scarcely a block be-
yond Main Street when I saw him, com-
ing toward me.

  He was no inspiring sight. An old,
old man, with scraggly, grizzled hair; a
mouth that held only the stumps of teeth;
a face netted with a thousand wrinkles.
No dignity of age was here; rather, a
maniacal glitter in the sunken eyes, a luna-
tic leer in the twisted face. It made me no
{750

WEIRD TALES

easier in mind to see that he leaned on a
shotgun in lieu of a cane.

  He stopped as I approached, and stood
eyeing me warily.

  "Mr. Barry, I suppose?” I began.

  He made no answer.

  "The town’s rather deserted since I was
here last.” And I paused, feeling the re-
mark was scarcely tactful.

  "Where’d you come from?” he asked
gruffly.

  "Ralston,” I said, taking a step or two
forward. "I’m here to visit friends on a
ranch south of here. And now I’m--”

  I stopped again. Undoubtedly the old
man was shrinking away from me. I got
the idea he was smelling me: certainly he
was sniffing at something—that upleas-
ant smell of scorching on my overcoat, I
supposed.

  And then he screamed. A wild, goblin
wail, it was.

  . "You’re one of them! Don’t tell me!
You’re one of them. With the smell of
burnin’ on your clothes. An’ you come
from across the street! I knowed it! I
knowed it! Knowed sometime you’d come
across after me!”

  "Listen,” I said, "I’ve no idea what
you’re talking about!” (Though I had an
uneasy feeling I .knew all too well!) "All
I want is a night’s lodging, for which I’ll
pay-”

  He screamed again, disregarding me.

  "Put you in my house? So it has to be
in a house, does it?” His face writhed in
stark madness. He threw up the shotgun.
"Get back where you belong! You don’t
belong over here! Get back! I’ll shoot!”

  I tried to speak but he refused to listen.
And the twin muzzles were pointing di-
rectly at my belt buckle. I backed away.
He followed me.

  I remembered that lunatic fellow with
the smell of ashes on him had said Barry
never crossed Main Street into the ruins.

Then here was an easy way to rid myself
of him.

  I increased my backward pace a little
and he pressed after me—and burst into
cackling laughter.

  "Afraid of me! Yessir, afraid of me!
An’ for weeks I been afraid of you! Ho!
ho! ho! Get back there!”

  We reached Main Street and I started
across, backward. At the curb, the old
man hesitated a moment, looking from me
to the blackened ruins beyond. Then,
half fearfully, he put one foot off the
curb, then the other. Slowly, as a man
wades into deep water, he followed.

  Not so good. Being marched through
a village of the dead by a maniac at one-
thirty in the morning is no experience to
be envied. I looked around for the other
lunatic but he was nowhere in sight.

  We crossed the street and I plodded
slowly backward toward the depot. And
the old man followed me. We were al-
ready half the distance, when I saw a
shadowy figure creep from behind a
broken wall.

  The old man was still babbling insanely.

  "I killed you before! And I can kill
you again. Kill you so you’ll stay dead!
Afraid of me! Ho! ho! ho!”

  And then the figure leaped. The old
man screamed shrilly as the gun was
twisted from his grasp; as he was swung
aloft in a fireman’s carry to the other’s
shoulders.

  "Much obliged!” I said with heartfelt
relief. "They shouldn’t let a lunatic like
that run loose-”

  The man had made no answer. He was
plodding methodically down the street,
with old Barry still swung across his
shoulders.

  "Where are you taking him?” I asked
curiously.

  "To the factory,” said the man shortly.
I recognized the voice as that of the man
who smelt of ashes.
BURNT THINGS

751

  And then old Barry recommenced his
screaming. God! such rending screams,
like a lost soul in endless anguish.

  "Don’t! Don’t let them take me! Don’t
—oh Jesus, help me!”

  "What are you going to do with him?”

I insisted.

  "Come along and see!” And the man
gave a little, throaty chuckle.

  I thought then it was the wind whis-
tling, for the chuckle seemed to be echoed
and re-echoed through the ruins, as if each
separate brick and fallen timber were en-
joying some ghoulish joke.

  I hesitated a moment, and followed.
Even though old Barry were a lunatic, so,
unquestionably, was his captor. And
knowing something of the strength of
madmen, I thoughtfully retrieved the
shotgun.

   Straight down the street, past the depot,
across the tracks, up the driveway to the
factory, I followed. Once, I remembered,
that driveway had been lined with cotton-
woods. Now only their charred and black-
ened trunks towered, lifeless, to the sky.
And though I looked about a score of
times and could see nothing, I could have
sworn a host accompanied us. There was
the rustle of many feet through the ashes,
the plod of them in the dusty road, and
always a subdued, ghoulish chuckling—
a chuckling almost drowned in the cease-
less screaming of Old Barry.

  The great driveway door was nearly
choked with debris, but we threaded our
way through it, and inside the door Barry
was lifted high the air and dashed
violently to the floor.

  I leaped forward. Lunatic or not, I
wouldn’t see him killed. I caught his cap-
tor by the shoulder and swung him vio-
lently about. His cap, loosened by the
jerk, slipped back on his head.

  And what had once been a face leered
up into mine. No nose, no lips, no eyes;
only fragments of charred flesh clinging

to blackened bones. And the smell of
scorching meat-

I screamed as I leaped back and turned
to run. And the subdued chuckle rose
to a mighty roar of horrible laughter. And
I stopped. For something was forming
between me and the doorway—something
that made the heaps of blackened rubbish
look hazy and misty. It was as if a gauze
curtain had been pulled down.

  And the curtain was moving, swaying,
as if in some unfelt breeze. It was knotting
and twisting — separating into distinct
forms.

  The old man was moaning faintly, yet
he still lay motionless on the floor, where
he had been hurled.

  I looked again at the curtain. It had
melted into separate units now. They
seemed to be drifting toward us. And
then again, I screamed my loudest.

  Forms of men, they were—or had been.
But men with arms—with legs—burned
away; with twisted, seared, blackened
faces; with great patches of charred skin
clinging to burned, black flesh. And
skeletons with only bits of flesh still hang-
ing on the incinerated bones. And the
smell—oh God!

  Did you ever smell meat burning and
charring in the oven? Imagine that smell
multiplied a thousand times—the reek of
searing human flesh, of red-hot, crumbling
bones. And there were the contorted
faces of men cooked alive—fire-blackened
faces still twisted and set in the last fierce
agony of death.

  I screamed as I threw up the shotgun.
Its double report shook the tottering walls.
The shot sprayed through that curtain and
harmlessly into the rubbish beyond. And
still the things came on, with ghastly arms
outstretched.

  My recent rescuer gave a loud shout.
His clothing fell away, revealing his fire-
752

WEIRD TALES

racked body. He joined the slowly drift-
ing throng.

  Old Barry was on his feet now, backing
slowly away, his eyes fixed on those burned
things with the horrible fascination of a
bird charmed by a snake. With all my
heart I wanted to turn, to run, but to turn
my back on those horrors—I could not.

  Slowly we backed away together among
the heaps of rubbish, of wrecked machin-
ery, from the fallen roof and second floor.
Past the beet-slicers, past the big cookers,
down through the beet-end, we crept back-
ward, with the bodies of the dead drifting
slowly after us.

   Past the Oliver presses, past the centrif-
ugals. We couldn’t go much farther.
The rear wall towered above us. The door-
way to the old warehouse was choked with
the wreckage of vacuum pans. I threw an
arm across my face. I couldn’t bear the
sight of those shapeless, fire-racked bodies.

  I found the darkness even more unbear-
able. In fancy, I could feel those bony
hands with their scraps of charred, crum-
bling flesh fastening on me. I screamed
again, and pressed tightly against the wall.

  There was a chant in the air. Surely it
never came from those fleshless, lipless
mouths.

  "Come with us! Into the fire! The nice,
warm fire, John! Come with us!”

  "No, no!” The old man was on his
knees. "I never meant—I didn’t know—
don’t hurt me! Oh, don’t hurt me!”

  And still the chant went on:

  "The fire! The nice, warm fire!”

  They were very close now. I whirled
about desperately.

  Almost five years before I had worked
in the factory. I knew there should be
another door—the door to the boiler-
house. Could I find it in the darkness and
litter? In a maniac rush, I sprang over the
piled wreckage. A wave of devastating
heat scorched my face as the dead men

swept up. There was a crackling of flames
among that burned-out rubbish. The old
man screamed horribly.

  I	pressed my hands over my ears as I
stumbled and staggered onward. Still I »
could hear him scream. God, I can hear
him yet!

  "Jesus! Oh, Lord Jesus! It burns.
They’re burning me-”

  Thank God the little doorway was open
and partly clear. I pushed, squeezed, tore
my way through the rubbish. I was out in
the areaway east of the boiler-house. Those
things were behind me—and the old man
was still screaming. More faintly, now.
And a babble.

  "Oh, Jesus! Oh, Jesus! Oh, Jesus! It
burns—it burns-”

  With my hands still over my ears, I
raced away from that place of madness.

How I reached Jim’s ranch I never
knew. I don’t even remember get-
ting there. It is eight miles from Como.
Only, when I opened my eyes, Jim was
leaning over me, alternately pouring
something raw and fiery down my throat,
and shaking me, while shouting:

  "Bob! Bob! For God’s sake, what’s the
matter?”

  Hallucinations—nightmare—the doctor
from San Benito said. And I think Jim be-
lieved him, at first. Probably I would
have believed him myself, if it hadn’t been
for my scorched hair and burned face;
relic of that searing wave of awful heat.

  And Jim believes now, too. For today
he handed me a clipping from the San
Benito paper:

  ANOTHER BODY FOUND AT COMO

   Further mystery is added to the great fire at
Como by the discovery of the remains of John
Barry, former watchman at the factory of the
Como Sugar Company.

   Readers will recall that Barry was suspected of
starting the fire in revenge for what he considered

(Continued on page 856)

                     W. T.—2
Crtrwe orv
Christmas NicjKt

     GASITOf^ 1<£1R<DH>%

FIVE old skippers smelling of the
sea used to foregather every evening
at one of the round tables in front
of the old Ship-and-Anchor Cafe in
Toulon to enjoy their aperative and at the
same time to tell each other stories of
blood and horror. From time to time
they were joined by a sixth who seemed
to be more of an old sea dog even than
Zinzin, he who had spent twenty years
coasting up and down the China Seas;
than Dorat, the ex-commander of the
Dorat expeditions; than Bagatelle^ who,
in memory of a blissful sojourn on the
Island of Siam, had taken a Siamese
woman unto wife; than that blackguard
Chaulieu, who had carried the benefits of
civilization to the aborigines of Western
Africa, settled between the Congo and
the Niger; than Captain Michel, who
still remembered the taste of human
flesh after passing several weeks on a

  •Translated by Morris Bentinck.

    W. T — 3

raft of the Medusa, from which the ship-
wrecked had escaped with their lives,
even though some were minus an arm,
others a leg, and all more or less crippled.

  This sixth "mariner,” Mr. Damour
(John-Joseph-Philibert), had gained his
entire nautical experience seated at his
desk in the offices of the Oriental Trans-
portation Company, and he used to refer
in an offhand way to the far-flung Pacific
ports of call as we lesser men might
speak, say, of some pleasant little fishing
cove along the Seine.

  To tell the truth, he had never stepped
foot on the deck of a ship, nor had he
even been outside Paris except on the
day when he retired. But his face was
so weather-beaten, his skin so tough, his
beard so rebellious, his clay pipe so stub-
by and so "seasoned,” his walk so tpically
the sailor’s sway, that you had only to
glance at him and you would exclaim,

                                     753
754

WEIRD TALES

"There’s one who’s weathered many a
gale.”

  He whetted the curiosity of the old
salts and they made him welcome when
on one unusually crowded day at the
cafe he lifted his Basque beret and asked
if he might have a seat at their table. He
came again from time to time and it took
them some months to grasp the idea that
John-Joseph (this was what they called
Mr. Damour), who from the beginning
made himself known to them as captain,
had really never been on any voyage any-
where.

  The old fellow used to give such pre-
cise details concerning the most distant
parts of the globe, setting every one
straight who erred on any point; he was
so glib with facts about the history of
liners from their christening day to the
day of their sometimes very dramatic end,
that for a long time the skippers kept
their doubts to themselves. But on the
day when the truth did come out there
was the devil to pay! It was their turn
now, and it goes without saying that they
gave it to him hammer and tongs for the
deception. And yet there was one thing
they can not figure out at all, and that
was how, after thirty years spent behind
a desk in a sunless steamship office, scrib-
bling figures in piles of paper, a man
could still have a* face like "Captain”
John-Joseph. "It must be he makes him-
self up for the part,” declared Captain
Michel. And Zinzin re-echoed, "Yeah,
he trims up like that over at the 'Black
Lion’.”

OUITE a time passed and he didn’t
come around. Finally he showed
up with a young man of about twenty
who really did sail the seas and no mis-
taking it. But he didn’t think it was
anything to boast about; he was as pale
as a girl, and he admitted quite frankly
that he’d never yet made a trip without

being seasick. "He’s my adopted son,
young Vincent Vincent, a real sailor,”
John-Joseph told his friends, proudly.

  Every time Vincent Vincent’s ship
docked at Toulon, John-Joseph was so
happy about it that it wasn’t unusual to
see him come into the cafe rolling and
pitching more than ever; three sheets in
the wind, no less! He had probably
drunk as much liquor as any three dozen
hearty sailors could hold.

   "For the love o’ God,” said that devil
of a Chaulieu, "where’ve you been, John-
Joseph, to get such a load on?”

  "Just come from seeing the boy off
from Marseilles,” answered John-Joseph
in a very sentimental tone, as he began
to blubber.

   "Well, if you feel so bad about it and
it’s no fun for the boy,” suggested Cap-
tain Michel, "there are plenty of other
jobs he could take.”

   "No, he couldn’t,” replied John-Joseph
emphatically, as he gulped down another
glassful.

  Not one of the company contradicted
him; they all agreed with him on that
point at least.

  "And then,” he added, "I don’t want
to have the day come when they’ll take it
out on him, poor lad, as they tried to do
out of his adopted father.”

  At this point he began to cry, and-he
sobbed as can only very drunken men
when great sorrows overwhelm them.

  "Come on, now, tell us the truth,”
asked Bagatelle, his sexual imagination
always alert; "are you really that boy’s
father?”

  "No,” John-Joseph answered bluntly,
tears streaming down his cheeks. "No,
I’m not his father. . . . His father was
murdered!”

  "The poor boy,” said Zinzin, just to
say something.

   "Yes, the poor boy . . . because I was
just going to tell you, his mother . . .”
THE CRIME ON CHRISTMAS NIGHT

755

  "What’s that? His mother?” Baga-
telle pricked up his ears.

  ’’Well, his mother, she was murdered
too!”

  "Oh, for the love o’ God!” exclaimed
Bagatelle.

  "That,” said Zinzin, "that’s a horrible
story.”

  "More horrible than any I’ve heard
you fellows tell,” stuttered John-Joseph
between his hiccups.

  "Well, you’ve got to show us,” said
Captain Dorat; "for, after all, one of the
reasons we come here every day is to lis-
ten to tales of horror.”

  "It isn’t more terrible than what hap-
pened to Captain Michel,” declared Zin-
zin.

  "I say it is—only you mustn’t tell it
to anyone. It’s a secret,” puffed out
John-Joseph, trying to swallow a second
hiccup.

  "Stop your sniffling,” commanded
Michel, "and tell us all about it. You’ll
feel better when it’s out of your system.”
"Not to mention that that happens
every day,” said Chaulieu rather scorn-
fully, "to have your father and mother
murdered—I don’t see anything very
terrible about that. Who murdered them?”
John-Joseph wiped his eyes with his
big red bandanna handkerchief and hic-
cuped: "Wasn’t any murderers.”

  "How can that be? They were mur-
dered but nobody murdered them?”
"That’s just what’s so terrible,” sighed
John-Joseph. "The poor wretches were
found stabbed with a kitchen knife—a
real butchery. The old man’s blood was
dripping all over the carpet and the knife
was still sticking in the old woman’s
heart.”

  "So they’d been fighting?”

  "Fighting!” flared up John-Joseph,
looking round at the company. "Those
two good people? Easy to see you never
knew them. They were the kind of mar-

ried folks who never spoke a cross word
to each other in their lives, and they
weren't going to begin on that day, I’ll
have you know. I’m the only one that
can give my word of honor to that too.
No, they were murdered after there’d
been a robbery.”

   "Now then, why did you first say there
weren’t any murderers when it was the
thieves that murdered them?”

  "Wasn’t any thieves,” John-Joseph cut
off short.

  "Good God,” said Chaulieu.

  "Oh, let him go to hell,” grunted
Dorat.

  "Give him a chance to tell his own
story,” ordered Captain Michel.

  "I’ve got no more to say,” declared
John-Joseph.

   This time all five burst into shouts of
laughter. Seeing which, John-Joseph be-
came raging angry. Now he really
wanted to tell his story and as the others
kept on making fun of him he thumped
so hard on the table that he scattered the
stacked-up saucers right and left and bel-
lowed, “I swear that in a few minutes
you won’t be making fun.”

  "All right, then, come on now, we’re
all listening.”

John-joseph began: "At that time,
my home port was Germain—Pilon

Street-”

   "Paris-on-the-sea,” teased Chaulieu.
"Damn it all, I’ll not say another word
until that big pig gets to hell out of
here.”

  "Don’t worry, John-Joseph, you
couldn’t hire, me to stay,” answered Chau-
lieu. "I’m going to take a turn about,”
and he rose. " 'The horrible murder in
Germain—Pilon Street’ . . . very little of
that goes a long way with me. I’d rather
spend my time looking at the pretty
women on the screen over at the Palace."
756

WEIRD TALES

  When he had gone, John-Joseph be-
gan:

  "I don’t know if any of you fellows
know Germain—Pilon Street It climbs
from the avenue up to the top of Mont-
martre. It’s a lonely neighborhood—not
always many people about. But the
street is respectable enough. There’s
where I came to know the Vincent fam-
ily. They were what you call 'comfort-
ably off’ and their friends were even
rather surprized to see them keep on liv-
ing in a section thought rather danger-
ous; but they said that in the fifteen
years they had lived there nothing had
ever happened to them and they’d rather
live in a little house with a back yard
and a garden all to themselves than in a
big apartment house where you had to
knock against all the other tenants every
time you turned around.

  "I was their neighbor, and although
they weren’t very sociable, we got ac-
quainted through the little baby. He
was a sweetheart of a child and I spoiled
him every time I could . . . I’ve always
adored children. . . . One Christmas
night-”

  "Hell, one of those Christmas stories!”
groaned Zinzin. "Well, see you later,
boys.”

  And he went out to join Chaulieu.

  "Got anything'about a woman in your
Christmas story?” Bagatelle asked.

  "Yes.”

  "Good—go on then.”

  "One Christmas night, Madame Vin-
cent, in her felt slippers, came down-
stairs to the dining-room where her hus-
band sat toasting his feet at the fireplace
waiting for her.

  " 'Is the baby sleeping?’ Monsieur
Vincent asked.

  " 'Like an angel,’ answered the good
woman.

  "They adored that child born after
they had been married nmy years. His

arrival so late in their lives filled them
with an almost supernatural joy. Madame
Vincent was forty-five when this happi-
ness came to her, and her husband fifty-
five. One sees miracles like that every
once in a while.

  "Theirs was a perfect marriage; up to
this time they had lived just for each
other. From now on they lived only for
that little child. They baptized him Vin-
cent, and as their family name was also
Vincent, the neighbors used to say when
they saw the baby go by in his mother’s
arms:

   " 'There he is, the darling; there’s lit-
tle Vincent Vincent and his mama go-
ing for a turn on the avenue.’ ”

  "And I too,” declared Captain Dorat,
as he rose to leave.

  Bagatelle tried to dissuade him.

  "Wait a minute until he gets to the
part about the woman,” he said to Dorat.

  "Ah, to hell with his story—John-
Joseph’s a bore. He’s not even drunk
any more now.”

  "John-Joseph, give me your word of
honor that the part about the woman is
worth waiting for,” demanded Bagatelle.

  "I swear,” John-Joseph declared,
"that it’s impossible to find anything
more horrible.”

"And is there any love in your story?”
"Is there?—love even unto death. But
if you’re sensitive you’d better go now;
for such a death—well, you don’t see
them often in love stories.”

  "I stay,” Bagatelle decided. But
Dorat had already left to join the other
two.

2

The memory of little Vincent Vin-
cent’s happy babyhood completely
sobered John-Joseph. He even forgot to
keep his old clay pipe lighted. From
now on he told his story in the style of
the former model employee.
THE CRIME ON CHRISTMAS NIGHT

757

   "I don’t need to tell you how Papa and
Mama Vincent allowed themselves to
spoil their baby in a thousand loving
ways—cakes, candies, toys, ice-creams,
little suits of velvet and lace. They
were his adoring slaves—nothing was too
beautiful, nothing cost too much for little
Vincent.

  "The couple had been employed in the
well-known shop, 'Smart Styles,’ ever
since that house had been established, and
at the time of their baby’s coming they
were earning, with their bonuses and all,
on an average of 20,000 francs a year,
which permitted them to lay by a nice
little nest egg.

  "After Vincent’s birth, although they
never thought twice about spending right
and left for him, they began to deprive
themselves of all the little indulgences
that had up to now made their married
life so sweet. They counted every
penny; little by little they became even
miserly. No more anniversary dinners;
no more visits to the theater; no more
Sunday excursions into the country; no
more pleasant evening parties, playing
games with their friends. All that would
be so much put away for the little angel
who would find it when he needed it.

  "After he had prayed the Infant Jesus
to put a beautiful present in the little
shoes he had set purposely in front of the
dining-room fireplace, little Vincent had
fallen off to sleep on this Christmas night,
knowing his parents were to wake him
up later to see the lighted Christmas tree.

   "The sight of those little shoes on the
hearth must have been very touching, for
Mama Vincent noticed that when Papa
Vincent saw them there his eyes filled
with tears. She went up to him and
patted him on the shoulder.

  " 'Come now, Papa Vincent, you’re not
going to cry on Christmas night, I hope.’

   "He got up from his chair. 'I can’t help
it,’ he stammered. 'I’ve never been able

to look at those little baby shoes showing
where his little toes have been, without a
lump in my throat. I know it’s silly. For-
give me, my dear wife.’

   " 'Do I forgive you?’ and as she said it,
she drew him to her bosom and kissed
him with all the tenderness of a first kiss.
Then when she felt herself also yielding
to emotion she straightened up, wiped
away a tear with the back of her hand and
said:

  " 'Come now, Papa Vincent, lend a
hand. We’re going to trim the Christmas
tree.’

                                  •

   " 'So we are. Let’s make it gay and beau-
tiful for him, all pink and shining when
he opens his eyes on it, the little dear.’ ”
Bagatelle burst forth with, "For the
love o’ God, you don’t forget anything, do
you? But how do you know they did all
that? You weren’t there, were you?”

   "Papa Vincent told me all these little
things, understand?”

   "No,” insisted Bagatelle. "I don’t un-
derstand, if it’s the night he was mur-
dered.”

   "It’s the very night,” and John-Joseph’s
voice was getting more and more dismal.
"Well then?”

   "Well, he told me after he’d been mur-
dered.”

   "You’re pretty slick, you always put us
in the wrong. But for God’s sake, get on
to the part about the woman. Afterward,
we will see.”

  "All right; listen then,” began John-
Joseph.

“TSvery year since the coming of the
M-J baby, they had set up a Christmas
tree after supper in the dining-room and
trimmed it with all the toys and all the
little gifts they had bought. When they
finished trimming, they used to go out for
a walk, and drop into church for the mid-
night mass. Then they would come back
home, light the pink candles, go upstairs
758

WEIRD TALES

to the baby whom the maid had been
watching, lift him up gently and wake
him up only when they stood right in front
of the tree all dressed with glittering tin-
sels and stars to make the child happy.
They did the very same thing this year as
ever.

  "That night, there was a traveling fair
set up on the avenue; tents had been put
up along the pavement and in the empty
lots. It was a fine mild evening; winter
had hardly set in, and the men and women
drinking their beer in the open air in front
of the cafes lingered to look at the dancers
and listen to the catchy tunes of the merry-
go-rounds and hurdy-gurdies.”

  "Did Papa Vincent tell you all this
after he’d been murdered?”

  "Yes, everything.”

  "He must have had an awful thirst!”

  "I gave him something to drink,” said
John-Joseph, "and then he drew his last

breath-”

  "Before he had proposed another round
of drinks?”

  "No, but after he had entrusted his
little son to me.”

  "But what about that woman, for
God’s sake?”

  "I’m coming to her.”

  Calm now, John-Joseph took up the
thread of his story.

  "Madame and M6nsieur Vincent went
up to Place Blanche, where they met some
very old friends, the Duponts, who wanted
to stop for a little chat. But after the
barest how-do-you-do, the Vincents left
the Duponts and walked rapidly down to
the Church of the Holy Trinity, where
they intended to listen to the midnight
mass.”

  It was now Captain Michel’s turn to
get up.

  "Where you going?” Bagatelle asked
him.

  "My religious scruples,” the captain ex-
plained good-naturedly, "keep me from

going to Holy Trinity for the midnight
mass. You must excuse me, John-Joseph.
I belong to the reformed church.”

  "Oh, you damned old infidel!” pleaded
Bagatelle. "Wait at least till he gets to
the part where the woman comes in.”

  "A damned old infidel,” said the cap-
tain, mock-seriously, "takes no pleasure
whatever in stories about women . . .
not even good women,” he added, and
wished the company good night.

  Bagatelle was now the only one left to
listen. John-Joseph went right on. Even
if his stack of saucers had been his only
audience, he would have gone right along.
He couldn’t stop now; his own story fas-
cinated him. It was the first time he had
ever told it and it would probably be the
last. He wanted to prove to himself that
he too could tell a story of horror.

  "After the Vincents left them, the Du-
ponts swore they were ill-bred, declaring
they had never been friendly and sociable
since the birth of their baby.

  "Reaching the church, the Vincents
went in, even though they had a whole
hour to wait before the services began.
They walked right straight up to the
cradle and knelt upon the steps before the
Infant Jesus lying there in the manger be-
tween the ox and the ass.

  " 'He looks just like our baby,’ whis-
pered Papa Vincent. But his wife paid no
attention to him. She was buried so deeply
and so passionately in prayer that the
lights and the organ and the crowd elbow-
ing past her couldn’t make her turn her
head. When the mass was over, her hus-
band had to lay his hand gently on her
shoulder to bring her back out of that
pious stupor. When she turned to look at
him, her face was like wax.

  " 'Heavens,’ he said, 'it’s not good for
you to pray like that. Come, I’m sure our
boy is already awake and watching for us
to come back.’

   " 'Yes, yes,’ she said, 'let’s hurry along.’
THE CRIME ON CHRISTMAS NIGHT

759

  "And she led him on as though she was
really trying to flee something. He had
difficulty in keeping up with her. He was
all out of breath when they reached the
avenue, and he tried to make her slow up
a little.

  " 'No, not yet,’ she said. 'We must get
back as quick as ever we can.’

  "He thought she was afraid to be out
in the streets of that district at such a
late hour. As a matter of fact, that corner
of Paris had never been more disquieting.
The hurdy-gurdies had ceased groaning
out their tira-liras. A few melancholy
lights trembled down in the deserted ave-
nue, and behind suspicious shadows,
pleasure-seeking gentlemen eyed belated
girls wandering up and down the streets.

  "However, the Vincents did get back
home safe and sound. As soon as they
were in their dining-room with the lamp
lighted, the sight of the bright Christmas
tree drove out of their heads all the ugly
sight of the streets. From the foot of the
staircase, Monsieur Vincent called to the
maid, softly, so not to wake up the child,
but she didn’t answer. Just as he started
to go up, Madame Vincent said:

  "'She’s 1 dropped off to sleep beside
Vincent. Don’t disturb her; let’s finish ar-
ranging everything here.’

  "Then, in great excitement, they put
the last touches to the tree. They tied some
more toys to the branches already weighted
down with Punch-and-Judy boxes; they
hung some dolls and some mechanical toys
and some games they had bought from
time to time during the year and laid away
for this very moment. Papa Vincent was
just getting ready to slip a general and his
trumpet into the little shoes on the hearth
when Mama Vincent stopped him short
and said:

  " 'No, no, not in the shoes. Don’t put
anything in the shoes. I’ll take care of
them!’

  "And she spread a napkin on the table,

put some glasses on it, some plates and
some little cakes, and brought out a bottle
of champagne. Then she lit the little rose
candles on the tree. It was a real illumina-
tion. You’ve never seen anything gayer,
prettier than that room all trimmed up in
red and silver. The only thing lacking to
start the party was baby Vincent himself.

  " 'I’ll go upstairs and wake him up,’
said his mother. 'You wait for us down
here.’

  " 'And the shoes? Are you forgetting
the shoes?’ asked the father.

  " 'No, I’m not forgetting them. It’s a
surprize; you shall see.’

  " 'Good ... all right.’

  "She disappeared for a second into the
kitchen and took from a case an object
which she hid quickly under the cloak she
hadn’t taken off since they had come back
from the mass.

  " 'Ha, ha, I caught you at it, sly one,’
laughed Monsieur Vincent. 'Come, let me
see the surprize too; show it to me.’

  " 'Go along with you; you’re more of a
child than little Vincent. Go back to the
dining-room. I want you to, my dear.’

  "It was always his way to do everything
she told him to. He went back and sat
down again in front of the Christmas tree.
As for her, she hurried to the floor above.

3.

,(rjHE ran up the stairs so fast that she
^3 had to stop a moment on the land-
ing. Her heart beat so furiously it almost
choked her. On her right hand was the
half-open door of the room where little
Vincent lay sleeping; on the left a closed
door leading to their own bedroom. Be-
fore this one she stopped, drew a key from
her pocket, unlocked the door, closed it
behind her and found herself in pitch
blackness. Feeling her way along, she
came to the fireplace, kicking to right and
left the objects she stumbled on. At last
760

WEIRD TALES

her fingers touched a box of matches; she
struck one; she found a candle and lighted
up the room.

  "Suddenly the flickering light of the
candle revealed a terrible disorder. Sheets
and mattresses snatched from the bed lay
strewn across the floor; night table and
center table were turned upside down;
toilet objects had been smashed, a mir-
rored wardrobe completely ransacked, the
clothes thrown here, there and every-
where; several window-panes had been
shivered into a thousand pieces. Finally
she noticed the sticky, blade traces of old
slippers by whose aid some one had tried
to muffle his footsteps—for the room had
certainly been the scene of a robbery.

   "The candlelight, flickering and leap-
ing in the breeze blowing in through the
window, added weird shadows to the fan-
tastic horror of that scene of devastation.

  "To leave the warm atmosphere of the
Christmas celebration, of the soft enchant-
ment of that room below where every-
thing is prepared for the sweetest and pur-
est of family joys and to wake up suddenly
in the midst of that icy fear—wasn’t that
more than enough to congeal forever the
simple heart of good Madame Vincent?
In any case, even if that heart did still
beat after such a shock, what inexpressible
anguish must have seized little Vincent’s
mother when sh^ thought of her baby
alseep only two steps from that tragic spot,
devastated as pitiably as though a tor-
nado had raged through it!

  "Well, no . . . Madame Vincent,
walking so cautiously in the midst of that
disorder, the candle in one hand and a
knife in the other—a huge kitchen knife
quite new, the mysterious object she was
hiding under her cloak a little while ago—
Madame Vincent showed neither surprize
nor fear.”

  "She knew there had been a robbery
and she had kept it from her husband so
not to spoil the Christmas party,” broke in

Bagatelle, who was not at all lacking in
common sense.

  "But I’ve already told you there had
been no robbery.”

  "You’ve gone loony and I’m getting
bughouse . . . well, never mind; but
what about that woman? What did she
have to do with all this business?”

  "Everything. She was the one who com-
mitted the robbery.”

  "Good God! My head’s cracking open
with your damn story. All right ... go
on. When she saw what had happened
what did she do, old woman Vincent?”
"She went into little Vincent’s room;
she woke up the dozing maid; she sent her
up to her own room to finish out her
night’s sleep. Then there was little Vin-
cent who opens his pretty blue eyes in his
mother’s arms. He doesn’t cry. He knows
it’s Christmas. He’s been dreaming about
it. He wakes up with the idea of all the
gifts waiting for him downstairs. He claps
his little hands together and gurgles,
'Christmas, Christmas,’ and the kisses he
bites from his mama’s cheeks taste as sweet
to him as though they were chocolate
nougats.

   "The little angel is as happy as he can
be. He stretches out his arms toward the
sparkling Christmas tree. He wants to
touch everything, take everything in his
hands, play with everything at the same
time. His papa and mama can hardly keep
him satisfied.

  "Then all of a sudden his merry eyes
fall on his little shoes on the hearth. He
sees they are empty. He begins to cry.

  "Papa Vincent looks reproachfully at
Mama Vincent. 'Why did you make him
unhappy?’ he asks. But Mama takes her
little one in her arms; she consoles him,
cuddles him, dries his tears.

  “ 'Little Jesus didn’t want to bring
everything to you tonight. Little Jesus will
come again tomorrow morning. Tomor-
THE CRIME ON CHRISTMAS NIGHT

761

row morning there will be some beautiful
presents in little Vincent’s shoes.’

   “ 'Will there truly, Mama?’

   " 'I promise you there will be, my dar-
ling baby.’

  "His mother’s words bring smiles of
joy back to Vincent’s eyes again.

  " 'But what surprize are you keeping
back from him?’ asked the father in a low
voice.

   " 'You shall see, you shall see,’ Mama
answers with an air of mystery.

  "And Mama Vincent takes her good
husband’s head, draws it down to the
baby’s and covers both of them with big,
passionate kisses and silent tears. This
demonstration, so unexpected and some-
what nervous, makes Papa Vincent a little
anxious.

   " 'You frighten me,’ he whispers to his
wife.

   " 'Let’s eat some supper,’ she answers.

  "And they sit down quietly to their
supper and she pours out the champagne
and the child is allowed to dip his lips in
the foam. Then, his arms still grasping
the toys, he dozes off to sleep again on his
father’s knee.

   " 'Carry him back up to his little crib,’
says Mama. 'Stay with him a few minutes
to be sure he drops back to sleep. I’ll go
and put out the candles on the tree and
then I’ll come up to bed.”

Papa Vincent does as she tells him.
Mama Vincent blows out all the can-
dles quickly. Now all is dark where a few
minutes before the Christmas tree was
glittering and pink. By the feeble rays of
the light coming from Vincent’s room,
she climbs the stairs. Her legs tremble
under the weight of her body and she
holds onto the banister as though she were
afraid she would fall backward. She sighs
with relief when she reaches the landing.

  " 'What’s the matter with you?’ her

husband asks in a low voice from the boy’s
bedroom.

  "But Mama Vincent doesn’t answer.
She is too weak to speak. She turns her
eyes away from her son’s crib. She pushes
open the door of the ransacked room. She
plows through the disorder; she lights a
candle. Once again her eyes take in the
sickening horror of it all.

  "She grasps the knife—the big, new,
shiny kitchen knife, so finely sharpened—
and she places herself behind the door.

  "Her husband calls out to her from the
other room; he gets no answer.

  "He appears, his broad chest well
lighted by the reddish light of the sputter-
ing candle flame. He asks: 'Why don’t

you answer, my de-’

  "But he is not able to finish the word.
"Mama Vincent stretched forth her
arm and struck two terrible blows. The
man uttered a shriek and fell down. But
she threw herself upon him and covered
his mouth with her hand.

  " 'Be quiet . . . don’t speak.’ ”

  " 'Ah, it’s you,’ he said through his
struggling breath. 'It’s you.’

   " 'Yes, it is I. Don’t speak.’

  "Between two snatches of breath the
man has strength enough to say: 'At least,
shut—the door.’

   "She drags herself to the door, closes it
again and comes back to the big, bleeding
body which she now stares at with eyes
full of tears and terror.

  " 'My dear, my dear wife,’ sighs the
wretched man, 'you did right. But are you
sure everything is well thought out? Will
there be any suspicions?’

  "No, no, no one will suspect anything.’
And she stretched herself out beside him
and pressed her lips upon her victim’s.

  " 'Do you forgive me?’

  " 'Of course I forgive you. You had—
more courage than I had.’

  " 'Don’t say that. But if I had let you
do it you would have killed yourself and
762

WEIRD TALES

they would have known that you were a
suicide. I made believe a robbery.’

  " 'You did right—yes—it was com-
plete ruin—worse than I told you night
before last. The business utterly wiped
out . . . not a penny left . . . manager
fled ... all die employees’ savings
squandered. You have done just right, my
dear wife.’

  "He closed his eyes and said nothing
more. She thought he was dead. Carefully
she drew the knife out of the horrible
wound. Then his eyelids moved once
more.

  " 'What are you doing?’ he asked with
one breath.

  " ’Nothing.’

   " 'Don’t touch it,’ he said again, 'don’t
touch the knife.’

  " 'Be quiet, my dear. They would, you
understand, ask me some questions. I
must not be—able to answer. They must
think we’ve been murdered—both of us
. . . you understand? Vincent—if possi-
ble, don’t die before I do—wait, wait.
Here, let me have your hand—help me—•
do that little thing for me—help me—
Vincent. There—like that—strong—ah!
ah!’

  "Helped by Vincent’s hand, she buried

the knife in her heart—deliberately—
steadily—and as she died she whispered:
'My little boy, Vincent, one hundred
thousand francs in—your little shoes.’ ”
John-Joseph ceased. Bagatelle looked
at him more stunned than terror-struck.
"How’s that?” he said; "what did she
mean, one hundred thousand francs in the
little shoes?”

  John-Joseph began to blubber again.
"Father Vincent didn’t die till the next
day. He had time to explain to me that
he would not have been able to pay the
premium on the life insurance he had
taken out in favor of his little son. They
were both too old to take up some new
kind of work. In this way they were sure
that little Vincent would never want for
anything.”

  Bagatelle didn’t feel like joking any
more. "So then, the woman in the story,
she’s Mama Vincent?”

  "Exactly,” replied John-Joseph. "Have
you ever seen a couple who loved each
other like that?”

  "Oh, pooh,” answered Bagatelle, shak-
ing his head. "It’s a damn good love story
—I won’t say no to that—but nobody
would ever say there was anything very
horrible about it.”
1.	The Red Snow

IN THEMSELVES, the events had all
the horror of a nightmare, but a
nightmare can be explained so that it
ceases to oppress one’s mind. The inci-
dents at Norton in western Minnesota
were different, for now they may never be
completely explained. It is not so much
the things we know that terrify us as it is
the things we do not know, the things that
break all known laws and rules, the things
that come upon us unaware and shatter the
pleasant dream of our little world. The oc-
currence at Norton was of such a kind, a
horror of so appalling and incredible a

nature that no one concerned will ever be *
able to forget the day of madness.

  Everything that might have any bear-
ing on the explanation is included in the
following narrative in order that the truth
may not be overlooked through omis-
sion. It may be that some facts have not
yet come to light, and perhaps there have
been included a few details that do not
really pertain to the affair. The incidents
themselves may not be in the right order.

If further information should be pos-
sessed by any one, the narrative will gladly
be corrected, for anything that may help
to explain will be eagerly welcomed by
scientists and public alike. We walk in

                                     763

Something From,/*

AboVC fc>3) DONACD WANDR6I

"The appearance of those two corpses hang-
ing in the air was as ghastly as it was in-
explicable.”
764

WEIRD TALES

darkness with phantoms and specters we
know not of, and our little world plunges
blindly through abysses toward a goal of
which we have no conception. That
thought itself is a blow at our beliefs and
comprehension. We used to content our-
selves by thinking we knew all about our
world, at least; but now it is different, and
we wonder if we really know anything, or
if there can be safety and peace anywhere
in the wide universe.

  The phenomena with which we are here
concerned began with the blotting out of
the stars, an astronomical riddle which
was observed by three watchers: Professor
Grill of Harvard; his assistant, Mr. Thorn-
dyke; and an amateur astronomer in Cal-
ifornia, Mr. Nelson. An odd feature of
the observation is that the two Easterners
swear the blotting out occurred far down
on the western horizon, whereas Mr. Nel-
son reported that it took place near Saturn.
Are we to believe that one observation
was inaccurate, or that there actually were
two simultaneous phenomena in different
parts of the heavens? In the light of for-
mer and after events, the latter conclusion
seems more likely. Furthermore, Mr. Nel-
son’s observation, made on the night of
March 28, is apparently connected with
one he had made on the preceding night.
According to a note he had sent in to the
Mount Wilson Observatory, he had been
idly examining the planet Saturn on the
night of March 27. The atmosphere was
exceptionally clear, the observation per-
fect. The rings were so plain and the
planet so impressive in its peculiar way
that he stayed on watching it minute after
minute. Thus it was that the unexpected
happened even while he watched. Shortly
after one o’clock, there appeared on its
surface a spot of such blinding, dazzling
radiance that he thought his vision must
have been strained and he was merely see-
ing things. He looked away for a minute;
when he resumed his watch at the eyepiece

of his telescope, he discovered that where
the spot of incandescent brilliance had
been was now a dot of blackness. As he
watched it in curiosity, he saw it grow
lighter and lighter until finally the planet
presented its normal appearance. Mr.
Nelson might have ignored the matter al-
together if he had not had sufficient scien-
tific training to respect the cardinal prin-
ciple of never overlooking any fact or
data. Thus it was that he wrote down his
observation and duly sent it in.

  The blotting out of the stars on the
night of March 28 was an even stranger
phenomenon. In the act of training his
telescope on Saturn again to look for a
reappearance of the radiant spot, Mr. Nel-
son noticed a star suddenly flicker out and
return, another vanish and shine bright
again an instant later. He thought at first
that he must be the victim of an optical il-
lusion, but he kept on observing, and saw
that the stars which disappeared and
shone again were in a straight line which
he computed to lie in the general path
between Saturn and the Earth. It was a
curious spectacle to watch, according to
Nelson. It was just as if you were strolling
down a street at noon, and stopped to look
at a diamond on a black plush cushion in
a jeweller’s window; and then all at once
the diamond wasn’t there, even while you
were looking at it; and then suddenly
there was the diamond again, sparkling as
ever. It was not as if a solid body had
come between you and the diamond, but
rather as if something invisible had
crossed your field of vision, something you
could not see but which intercepted light-
rays. The observation of the two Har-
vard astronomers duplicated Nelson’s, but
they said that the blotting out took place
down on the western horizon, far away
from Saturn. Odder still is their statement
that the stars vanished in a straight line
that progressed in the general direction of
the Earth.
SOMETHING FROM ABOVE

i765

  No wide attention was paid to these un-
usual observations, and even the three
watchers did not have much more than
idle curiosity. For that reason, because
every one was unprepared, the terror at
Norton stalked out of night like a hideous
dream, as overwhelming as madness itself.
Perhaps the rest of the story should be told
through the eyes of Lars Loberg, a stolid
Norwegian farmer living some three
miles from Norton, for it was around his
farm that the terror centered, and he him-
self was a first-hand witness until he went
insane and committed suicide.

He arose early as usual on the morn-
ing of March 30. It was cold in the
farmhouse and he stepped outside to chop
an armful of kindling wood. It was al-
ready light and snow was falling when he
opened the door. He started to go
through, then stopped just beyond the
threshold and looked around with a blank,
puzzled expression on his face. He care-
fully retraced his steps to the room he had
just left, and stood there, looking across
the farmyard and open fields.

  "Helga!” he called in a curious tone to
his wife. "Come here!”

  His wife came, and the two stood in the
doorway looking at a sight such as they
had never before seen. The whole air
seemed to be oozing blood. Not a breath
of wind was stirring, not a cloud hung
in the sky, but a fine mist was falling, a
substance that was neither snow nor dust
nor blood but that had something of the
nature of all three. The snowdrifts around
the farmhouse that were not yet fully
melted in the spring thaws were already
covered with a mantle of brownish-red,
and minute by minute, as the strange stuff
kept falling from the sky, the layer on the
ground grew thicker. The two of them
stood there in the quiet of dawn with awe
and a little fear, looking at the unusual
downfall and a world that was bloody-red.

There was a queer odor in the air, almost
a stench. It reminded Lars of a two-days-
dead cat he once stumbled on, and of a
pig he had bled to death recently.

  Lars stretched his arm out and caught
some of the falling stuff in his hand.

  "See!” he said simply to Helga. The
stuff melted. It did not run off like water.
It stayed in little oily globules of a color
like old blood. Instead of having the
fresh, earthy smell of snow or rain, it gave
off an unpleasant odor that offensively
suggested something dead.

  Helga was superstitious. She shivered
and drew back from Lars’s outstretched
palm. "Red snow!” she said uneasily. "It
—it ain’t natural—I don’t like it. Oh Lars,
shut the door!”

  Lars looked out somberly for a minute.
"Yeah—red snow. Maybe it means a bad
year for the crops.” Then he shrugged his
shoulders and half smiled at Helga. "But
it’s probably only dust in the air that got
mixed up with the snow. Nothing to get

scared about, and-”

  "Listen!” broke in Helga sharply.

  Lars left unfinished what he had started
to say. Up to the house from the pig-sty
drifted an uproar of grunting and mad
squealing such as he had never heard. In
the barn, the horses were neighing and
whinnying shrilly, and he heard the wild
clatter of trampling hooves. Above the
racket of the frightened animals he heard
the mournful, whimpering howl of Jerry,
the Scotch collie.

  Lars tore out of the house on a run.
"You stay here!” he shouted back as
Helga started to follow him. "I'll see
what’s after ’em and quiet ’em down!”
The red snow was still falling. Lars
raced to the barn first, but there were no
tracks of any intruder around it in the
new-fallen snow, nor could he find any
evidence that man or beast had been
prowling around the pig-pen. Lars ran
back to the barn, slid open the doors, and
7 66

WEIRD TALES

did his best to quiet the plunging horses.
Something had badly scared them, but he
had little time to speculate on what it was.
Tor the first time in his life, the animals
paid hardly any attention to his efforts to
calm them, and Lars became more puzzled
and bewildered every moment. Then he
heard Jerry howling nearer, the patter of
racing feet came across the yard, and the
dog leaped through the open door, shak-
ing itself and tumbling around at his feet.

  "There, Jerry, there, Jerry,” Lars
crooned, bending over to pat the dog. His
hand came away wet with the snow, and
then it struck him that the animals were
afraid of the weird downfall.

  There was nothing much he could do
till the snow stopped, so he walked around
among them talking to them and patting
them until they became a little more quiet.
About seven o’clock, the snow ceased fall-
ing. The horses were still nervous, but
gradually ended their crazy bucking and
whinnying. Lars decided it was safe to
leave them now, and walked back to the
farmhouse, mopping his brow.

2.	The Thing in the Field

Over bacon and eggs and steaming
coffee, Lars and Helga discussed the
phenomenon, but with these homely
breakfast items before them and a warm
feeling inside, the strange snow became
less mysterious and alarming to them.

  "No wonder the pigs and hosses was
scared!” said Lars, half in jest. *'I guess
anybody’d feel funny to see red snow in-
stead of white. But it ain’t anything to
worry about. It’s probably just dust in the
air like I said.”

  "Maybe so,” Helga answered doubt-
fully. "But where’s there any red dust
around here?”

  The question stumped Lars. He knew
Minnesota, the Dakotas, Montana, and
Nebraska, but in none of those states was

there anything with the peculiar color of
the snow.

  "I wish you’d stay around here today”
Helga kept on slowly. "I don’t feel right
somehow. Things ain’t natural like they
ought to be.”

  “No need to worry,” Lars answered
briefly. "Everything’s all right.”

  As if in mockery of his words, the
whole house shook, the coffee slopped
across the table, and a terrific crash burst
on their ears from near by.

  Without a word Lars made another run
for the door. Helga, with superstitious
fear clutching heavy at her heart, stayed
behind to straighten out the table. Some
intuition warned her that something was
wrong with the world. The red snow, and
now this explosive crash—what could
they mean? She heard Lars and Jerry walk-
ing around the farmhouse as they searched
for the cause of the disturbance, but when
Lars re-entered the house ten minutes
later, the frown on his face showed the
futility of his search.

  "What was it?” Helga asked.

  "Nothing that I could find,” he re-
plied, puzzled and irritated. "Sounded
like a tree or something fell on the barn,
but there wasn’t anything the matter. I
guess maybe we’re hearing things that
ain’t.”

  It was poor comfort. The two finished
their breakfast in silence. At the conclu-
sion of the meal, Lars said briefly, "I’m
going up to the forty-acres to see how the
ground’s coming along. If you want me,
shout and I’ll hear you.” Helga made no
answer in spite of her fears—she knew the
futility of arguing with Lars.

  Her husband called Jerry and the two
set off. The sun was up and the sky fairly
clear. It was rapidly getting warmer. The
red snow already looked soggy and the
air had a bad smell, malodorous and stale.

  A path led from the rear of the farm-
house down past the chicken coops and
SOMETHING FROM ABOVE

767

bam, cut across the hog-run, then ran '
across an open field and finally up a small
hill, on the other side of which lay the
forty-acres, a tract used for wheat. Lars
walked down the path past the barn and
across the hog-run. As they started across
the open field, Jerry suddenly bristled.
Lars heard him growl savagely. He looked
around, but nothing unusual was in sight.

  "C’mon, Jerry,” he called and walked
on. The dog lagged behind him, growling
and whining. Then Lars stopped abruptly
in surprize. Some ten yards ahead of him
was a great gash in the wet earth. It
must have been freshly made, for the
earth bulged around its edges, and there
was as yet no pool of water in it.

  As Lars continued striding toward it
after his momentary pause, Jerry set up a
furious barking that ended in a long,
whining howl, and refused to advance.
"Stop that fool barking and come along.”
Lars swore irritably. His nerves were be-
coming frayed. But the collie absolutely
would not come, and Lars went on, think-
ing that the dog would follow him if he
took the lead.

   He was a few feet from the edge of the
gash when something he had not seen
caught his ankle and he tripped forward.
In one mad second of horror, the pit of
hell seemed to open up before him. Some-
thing else he could not see hit him a great
blow on his forehead, and his outstretched
arms were bruised on a hard substance.
He was leaning forward at a forty-five de-
gree angle over the deep gash. He looked
straight down, and saw its bottom a dozen
feet below him, but he did not fall. He
might have been resting on a steel plat-
form, but there was absolutely nothing in
sight.

   A great bubbling of sweat broke out on
him. The blood from the bruise on his
forehead dripped down, but hung sus-
pended in midair a few inches from his
face. His eyes glazed with terror, Lars

slowly pushed himself upright and stood
trembling a moment. He put out his
hand again, and his fingers felt the same
stuff, hard as steel, colder than ice, with
knobs here and there and strange grooves.
There was one depression on the solid sur-
face into which he put his fist, and the
hand vanished from sight.

  At that, sheer fright gripped him and
he turned and ran with all his strength
while Jerry whined along at his heels. The
terrific crash remained a mystery no longer
—would to God that it had! Something
that never was of this earth had fallen in
the midst of an open field, whether by ac-
cident or purpose. All the old folk-lore
and witch legends of his race surged into
his thoughts to increase his panic. But he
thought of Helga too as he ran, and de-
cided that he would say nothing which
might alarm her more.

  He stopped for a minute outside the
farmhouse to get his breath. Then he
walked in, trying to be his usual self.

  "That you, Lars?” Helga called out. A
moment later she entered the kitchen.
When she saw him, she ran forward.
"Why, Lars, your face is bleeding!”

   "Yes, I—I tripped and fell.”

   Helga looked into his eyes that were yet
wild and dilated, and the truth of intui-
tion leaped into her heart.

  "Lars! That crash—you know what it
was! There was something in the field!”
"No,” he answered deliberately, "no,
there was nothing in the field.”

  3.	The Falling That Was Upward

IT WAS a solemn pair that sat down at
midday for lunch. The oppressive
weight of mystery and fear hung over the
table, and stopped even the small talk
that Lars and Helga ordinarily indulged
in. By tacit consent, they said nothing
further about the incidents of the morn-
ing.
768

WEIRD TALES

  Toward two o’clock, the sky began to
cloud up, and it grew cooler outside; but
the red snow had all melted in the warmth
of the late morning, and around the farm-
house hung a putrid smell, stale and
nauseating, the odor of a charnel-house or
the grave.

  Lars puttered around the kitchen and
basement, doing odd jobs to pass time. He
did not leave the house. His nerves were
on the ragged edge, and he did not know
what might happen next. The red snow
and the thing in the field lay heavy on his
heart. Nature had gone all wrong this
day, the security and trust of a lifetime
had vanished in a brief hour. What could
he do in the presence of a mystery that
seemed to have no explanation, and things
that went against the laws of life he had
relied on? As the great masses of leaden
clouds piled up overhead, and gusts of
chill wind whined around the yard and
the house, the indefinable fear of the un-
known hung over his thoughts. He had
only one ray of hope: that the paper which
the rural postman would leave in the
afternoon would give some explanation of
the mysterious snowfall. The thing in the
field he vainly tried to put out of mind by
pretending that it must be a new kind of
comet.

  It was about four o’clock when Lars,
who was upstairs fixing a broken window-
sash, heard the postman’s whistle. He put
down his hammer and nails, then walked
down a short passage to die head of the
stairs. From there, looking across the
front bedroom and out its window, he
could see the mail-box on its post where
the county road ran by some ninety or a
hundred yards in front of the house. There
the familiar horse and buggy of the post-
man were halted. To his surprize, Helga
with the mail in her hand was standing
there too, talking with him but evidently
on the point of returning to the house. She

  must have seen him coming down the road
and gone out to meet him.

  The sight of Helga made him curiously
uneasy. He wished she had waited to let
him go after the mail. As he started to
descend the flight of steps, he decided he
would ask her to stay inside for the next
day or so. But all thoughts were driven
from his head and black terror over-
whelmed him in a sickening rush when he
was half-way down.

  For there came to his ears a sound that
was yet many sounds. There was a strange,
long zing-g-g, the mad whinny of a horse,
and the sudden, piercing shriek of a
woman. And then there came again that
long, strange zing-g-g, and the noise of a
great wind.

   Lars cleared the rest of the steps in one
leap and stumbled on a twisted ankle
around the comer and to the front door
and so outside. The blind fear which he
had felt as he hung over the pit that morn-
ing suspended by a thing which he could
not see was as nothing to the surge of hor-
ror that swept upon him now.

  For there was no one in sight. The mail-
box was deserted. The road stretched
away to the left, bare of any human travel-
ler for three-quarters of a mile, and to the
right, just as empty for a half-mile. And
in the field that stretched away on the
other side of the road, not a living creature
was to be seen. Helga and the postman
with his horse and buggy had vanished as
though they had never been.

  But there was a curious thing: all
around was gray from the clouds that ob-
scured the sky, except in a round patch of
blue perhaps a hundred yards in diameter
through which sunlight was pouring
above the mail-box. Lars mechanically
looked up. High above was the single rift
in the cloud-banks, a rift that the surging
clouds were rapidly filling again. Even as
he looked, some white things fluttered
toward earth—letters and papers. Lars

                    W. T.—3
SOMETHING FROM ABOVE

769

picked up a handful like one dazed or
mad and stumbled back into the house. He
was hardly conscious of the sudden roar
of wind that came up, or the wall of sleet
that drove in a wild slant from the clouds.
In the same mechanical, irresponsible way,
he turned again and went out into the
half-darkness with the hopeless hope that
his eyes and ears had played him a trick.
He walked down the road in either di-
rection, searched across the field, called
and shouted till his voice was hoarse, but
not a thing did he find, and no one an-
swered his vain cries. Then at last when
the sleet turned to a fine drizzle which
ceased shortly, he went back to the farm-
house, still in that numbing daze.

  The letters were lying on the floor
where he had dropped them, and he auto-
matically picked out of them the paper
that he had thought might contain a news
item of explanation. But he could not con-
centrate his thoughts, and they were only
disjointed phrases that his eye picked out
here and there. "Red snow falls—volcanic
dust in upper atmosphere—dust clouds
from western prairies—curious unknown
organism puzzles scientists—chemist as-
serts he found traces of a substance like
blood-” were the paragraph’s expla-
nations and comment that ran in a jumble
through his thoughts; and somewhere else
on the page, a few other phrases:
"Strange display of Northern Lights—
beams of red, green, violet, yellow—
phenomenon observed over Norton—uni-
versity astronomer offers no explana-
tion-”

4.	Something from Above

By nightfall of that day of madness,
it was again partly clear outside. In
the east still hung a low bank of clouds,
but overhead and to the west, the stars
were coming out.

  Lars sat by a window looking dully into
    W. T.—4

the night, as he had been sitting for the
last three hours. His mind had .become
calmer while he brooded over mysteries he
could not fathom, but there was a light in
his eyes that had never been in them be-
fore. Only the stolidity of his race had
thus far kept him from going mad. In his
ears still rang that medley of sounds, and
his horrified eyes held before them yet the
vacant roadway, and the letters fluttering
down. It was incredible, unthinkable; yet
all his thoughts wound up with the expla-
nation that was no explanation at all:
somehow, the postman and Helga had
been whirled up from the surface of earth.
He had thought of a tornado, but nothing
else had been disturbed and he had seen
no telltale whirling in the sky. What was
it that could reach down to earth all in a
brief second or two and instantly vanish
skyward with its prey? The cold sweat
broke out on his forehead. Once as a child
he had wondered how he would feel if he
saw an apple fall from a tree and, instead
of dropping to earth, sail toward the
heavens. Now he knew that dreadful sen-
sation, the feeling that nature had sud-
denly gone askew.

  He stared again into the sky directly
above, where the stars shone bright and
cold, vainly hoping that he might draw a
solution out of those fathomless deeps.
Minutes ticked by. The Milky Way blazed
out in its mysterious beauty, and the night
was quiet with no wind.

  When it was that he became conscious
of something new, he could not say. But
in back of his futile thoughts, a forgotten
phrase groped for expression: Northern
Lights—phenomenon—red, green, vio-
let-

  Then he knew. High above him, so
faintly that at first he could not be sure,
beams of many-colored light stabbed
and shot and pulsed across the stars. And it
struck Lars with surprize and something
of a new fear growing upon him that no-
770

WEIRD TALES

where else was the display to be seen. In
the past, he had frequently watched the
Aurora Borealis creep down from the
north, flaming brighter till streamers and
cataracts of weird radiance played across
all die northern sky. But he had never
before seen it confined to so small a spot
in the heavens. These flashing beams of
green and violet, red and yellow did not
seem as remote as the Northern Lights
usually were, and it was strange that they
occurred in so small an area, an area
which looked no larger than a plate,
though he knew it must be immensely
larger out there in space. Sometimes
only two beams would dance around
each other, sometimes all would be gone,
then a minute later rays of different
colors leaped out against die starry vel-
vet of night. And the strangest part of
the display was the clearness and straight-
ness of the beams; there was none of the
vagueness and change and slow merging
into odier patterns and colors that the
Aurora had; this resembled more the
snapping on and off of giant flashlights.

  For several minutes, Lars looked at
the queer lights with the dullness of a
mind dazed by too many shocks. And
even as he watched them, he became
aware of something yet newer: he seemed
to see one or twp black specks in the air
between him and the lights, like the
dancing specks before die eyes of some
one who has been struck on the head; and
there came to his ears a rush of wind,
and two objects hurtled furiously past
him to smash on the ground. A moment
later, he thought he heard a thud down
by the road and another from somewhere
afar, but perhaps they were only echoes
that he heard, or his ears may have been
playing him tricks. He could not be sure,
for he looked at the two in the farmyard
and his eyes went wide and glary. Like
a run-down automaton he rose and

stumbled downstairs out into the chill,
quiet night.

  There was something oddly familiar
in that nearest object, and he went up to
it with a far-away buzzing in his ears,
and a wild swirl of insane dreams in his
mind. He bent over the still form; a
scorched odor came to his nostrils, he
recognized the poor, broken body of
Helga, the hideously white skin, he
crooned a word of grief and bent over to
stroke the lifeless clay. And then he
snatched his hand back again, for it
burned like the fire of a furnace, but he
knew it was no fire that he touched, nor
any heat, but the biting, absolute cold of
outer space. As Helga had vanished, in
mystery and terror, so had she returned,
but the horror for her was over. For him
it kept on. The night was all silent, but
that maddening buzz was louder in his
brain. He shook his head to get rid of
it, and his eyes fell upon the other
object.

For a second that was as long as
eternity, time and space and the world
stood still for Lars. No eyes could look
unchanged on that slimy blob of liquid
flesh and fungus and ichor, with its
loathly tentacles and beaks, its blackness
of corruption, its monstrous mixture of
all that was obscene in the vegetable and
animal kingdoms, and more horrible
still, the thing’s metallic core like brown
quicksilver that still moved feebly with
an appalling parody of life; and in its
center a sickly, rotten bulb of a dead,
blind eye that glared foully at Lars with
its dying light.

  The buzzing in his ears swelled to a
grating, shrill din, something snapped,
his teeth champed together, and the mad-
ness was upon him. He muttered croon-
ing endearments to Helga, shrieked blas-
phemies at the slimy thing from above.
SOMETHING FROM ABOVE

771

burst out into peals of mirthless laughter
and rasping sobs. His crazed mind went
off on another tangent, and he stopped
his muttering and shrieking as suddenly
as he had begun; instead, he chuckled
with insane cunning as though he had
thought of a way to cheat his enemy. He
backed slyly to the farmhouse, was gone
for a minute, reappeared with a great
armful of kindling wood. He returned
to fetch another and another, till a heap
of it lay on the ground. He made a rude
pyre out of it, except for an armful or
two; he dragged the body of Helga onto
it though his hands burned as if in a
white-hot furnace; he ran back, reap-
peared with a can, poured kerosene on
the pyre. He lighted it with tears of mad-
ness and grief running down his face.
Then fury entered his heart, and he
threw the rest of the kindling on the
obscene thing, and drenched it with the
kerosene. As the flames flared up, he
danced around with grief and hatred and
insanity alternately writhing across his
features. He ran back to the woodshed
for more fuel. He was about to return
with a load of cordwood when he heard
the roar of a small explosion, saw a foun-
tain of sparks and burning wood spew
into the air. He stood agape for a sec-
ond, then ran madly to the fires. The
obscene monstrosity was no more—some-
thing in it or something it carried had
exploded, and in two or three places
burning chunks smoldered on the farm-
house roof. But Lars paid no attention
to them or to the flames that were begin-
ning to lick at the eaves, for some half-
forgotten thing was pounding at the back
of his thoughts.

   The thing in the field! The thing in
the field! The phrase sang through his
head like a chant, and he burst out into
another wild peal of maniacal laughter.
He scarcely looked at the black smoke
that surged up from Helga’s funeral

pyre, or the flames that consumed, as he
turned and sped back to the pile of wood.
He picked up all he could carry of the
three-foot lengths and stumbled down
the path, staggering under the weight.
When he reached the gash in earth,
faintly illuminated by the red glare that
began to come from the burning roof of
the farmhouse, he tossed his whole arm-
ful onto the invisible thing, and shouted
madly again as the wood hung sus-
pended in air over the gap. He returned
again and again until all the wood was
strewn around and over the thing that
could not be seen. On his last trip, he
brought two one-gallon cans of kerosene
and poured them on as much of the wood
as was within reach, then tossed them to
the top of the pile and lighted the mass.
A tongue of fire leaped out and raced
over the pile, and a volume of thick
black smoke issued up. The field around
him was already made bright by a lurid
glare from the farmhouse that was now
entirely ablaze. Like a necromancer
uttering his ritual of incantation and dark
sorcery, Lars leaped and danced and
howled around the great bonfire he had
built. A tower of black smoke from the
kerosene mounted almost straight up in
the air from the flames, the wood
crackled, the heat became scorching and
blistering. And under the metamorpho-
sis of fire, Lars saw a last, strange riddle
shape itself before his eyes. There were
outlines forming, the suggestion of a
vast structure imbedded deeply in earth.
He gibbered to the stars as he saw
planes and angles and cubes that looked
like spheres and the geometry of another
dimension. His maniacal laughter rang
out again as he looked through the glow-
ing, transparent walls and saw objects he
could not name, strangely mounted
mechanical devices, fantastic articles that
no mind on earth could have imagined or
shaped. And lying around them were
772

WEIRD TALES

dozens of those hellish slimy things that
were neither animal nor vegetable nor
matter, but partook loathsomely of the
nature of all three. He shouted in mirth-
less glee as he glimpsed briefly still other
things—weird, gaseous substances on the
floor that held dieir shape as rigidly as
dead bodies.

  There came a hiss like a great sigh, a
rumble of warning, and Lars insanely
flung his arms wide apart as if to em-
brace the cleansing fire. It was his last
gesture, for earth and sky and life
trembled and were blasted before the
titanic explosion that wiped out the thing
in the field.

5.	A Riddle of the Stars

ON the afternoon of March 30,
shortly after two p. m., Larry
Greene took off from the Twin City fly-
ing-field with a special consignment of
bank dispatches for Seattle. His ’plane
was last seen at Elk Forks, twenty miles
east of Norton, at approximately four
a’dock. When nothing more was seen
of him for several hours and no report
was received, the importance of his cargo
caused a searching-party to be sent out.
Early in the morning of March 31, his
airplane was found near the burned Lo-
berg farmhouse. * It was completely
smashed, but the pilot’s body was no-
where around. The searching-party con-
tinued to scour the area. An hour later,
the missing flyer was picked up, wander-
ing in a dazed condition through a field
near Norton. His account of what had
happened was so singular and fantastic
that his sanity was questioned. When,
however, he was discovered to be suffer-
ing badly from exposure, he was immedi-
ately rushed to the Twin Cities for
medical attention. All efforts to save his
life were unavailing. He died of gan-
grenous infection several days later.

Among his effects were found two sig-
nificant items: a black object, and the
following extraordinary communication,
which was apparently written sometime
during the first day of his confinement
for medical care:

  "To others I leave the task of deciding
whether I have been the victim of in-
sanity or hallucinations. Already I my-
self doubt the testimony of my own eyes
and ears. If it were not for the disk
which I brought with me, I would believe
the entire adventure to be a delusion or
a dream, but unless the disk proves to be
a figment of a deranged imagination, I
can not doubt the truth of what I have
to say and the reality of what I saw.

  "At two-ten p. m. on March 30 I
took off from the Twin City flying-field
with a bundle of bank dispatches for
Seattle. I headed due west. Weather con-
ditions were fair for the first hour and I
kept at the relatively low flying level of
two thousand feet. At this point, some-
what less than one hundred miles from
the Twin Cities, I was nearing a region
for which sleet or snow storms were fore-
cast. Cloud-banks were piling up ahead,
so I immediately began to climb for alti-
tude. The last town I saw was Elk Forks.
After that, the clouds below me obscured
everything.

  "I had climbed to she thousand feet,
then seven thousand five hundred, and
was now keeping to an altitude of nine
thousand feet. I estimated that I must
now be nearing Norton.

  "Without a word of warning, the ter-
ror came.

  "My plane was suddenly enveloped in
a greenish light. The motor and propel-
ler droned, but my progress was at a
complete standstill. My altimeter showed
eleven, thirteen, fifteen thousand feet so
rapidly that I could hardly follow it.
Nothing I could do had any effect on the
SOMETHING FROM ABOVE

773

'plane or its incredible rise. The sensa-
tion was sickening. I had the motor wide
open, but not a foot did we advance. In-
stead, the 'plane rose straight up like a
balloon. I scarcely had time even to ad-
just my oxygen tank and turn on the cur-
rent for the air-tight electrically heated
suit that I always wear in cold weather
flying. The altimeter soared to forty
thousand feet, then froze.

  “Everything had happened so instant-
ly diat I was almost stunned. A few sec-
onds at most could have elapsed between
the moment the greenish light came and
the altimeter froze.

  "Through my suit, I began to feel an
intense cold. I had no knowledge of how
high I now was, but I knew that if my
strange ascent were not quickly halted, I
would perish in the absolute or almost
absolute zero of the upper atmosphere.
The motor now froze and went dead. In-
stead of falling, the airplane remained
in its unnatural suspension, still bathed
in green light. The sky above me had
become so dark that I was certain I must
be near the outer edge of earth’s at-
mospheric blanket. The cold was more
piercing than ever.

  “At this moment, I thought I heard
two faint clicks closely following each
other. A few seconds later, they were re-
peated. The green light disappeared.
Overhead, the stars went out. The effect
was precisely as if I were looking through
an invisible pane of glass but could see
nothing. And only a few feet away from
my 'plane there had suddenly appeared
the bodies of a dead man and a woman.
The intense cold rapidly lessened in
severity, but had it been a thousand times
as icy as it was, it could not have been as
numbing as the strange horror of all that
had happened to me in a brief minute.
I was in the midst of a hellish nightmare

infinitely more titanic and brain-shatter-
ing than any I had ever had. The terror
and fear of nauseating mystery were upon
me, I hardly knew whether I was dream-
ing or awake, alive or already beyond die
borderland of death. And those two
corpses hanging in the air near me—
their appearance was as ghastly as it was
inexplicable.

  “The whole thing was like a delirious
vision. I felt as if I were confined, the
terrific cold had ceased, yet there was not
a star in the sky above me nor could I
see the earth beneath. If it were not for
the airplane and the two bodies, I would
have believed that I had gone blind.

  "I had hardly understood—or rather,
realized my situation since I did not
understand it at all—when there came to
me again a faint click, from above, and
I automatically looked up.

  "I do not know what I expected to see,
except anything or nothing. But it was
no answer to any of the thousand ques-
tions in my mind that I saw, but mystery
darker and deeper. There was cloud
vapor a dozen feet above me—or was
there? I have never before seen a gas-
eous substance hold its form and shape
rigidly, but I did then, and with a sick,
faint feeling, I realized that the doud-
Iike thing was alive. I had an impression
of eyes burning into mine, but there were
no eyes visible in it. My brain received
a command, but my ears heard no sound.
In some way that I could not compre-
hend, the monstrous living substance
above me had put into my thoughts a
picture of myself climbing from the
cockpit, and ascending.

  “Climb from the cockpit of an air-
plane heaven knows how many miles
above earth? It was madness, suicide. I
fought with all my strength to retain my
seat. But I was powerless, and slowly I
climbed over the side into empty space.
774

WEIRD TALES

  I should have fallen, down, down like
a dead weight. But I was standing as
upright as if solid ground were beneath
my feet. Where was the ultimate cold
that should be freezing me? Why did I
not fall? What was the meaning of all
the eery events of the past few minutes?
I was trembling violently, hot and cold
sweat broke out on me, a deadly fear
gnawed at my heart for the first time in
my life.

  "Then I thought I must have entered
some queer, hypnotic state, for a sudden
feeling of peace came over me, and in
answer to another silent command I
mounted what seemed to be a short lad-
der, and stepped off a moment later to
another invisible floor. The gaseous
thing retreated as I advanced, and now
hung a few yards away from me. But I
scarcely noticed it, for my eyes were
bewildered by the sight around me, and
a dim light of comprehension began to
clear away the fog over my thoughts.

  "Masses of intricate, gleaming machin-
ery and delicate mechanism were every-
where about me, together with elaborate
dials, controls, and other devices whose
purpose I could not even conjecture.
Around each device and control were
grouped scores of the gaseous things. I
dreamed for a ihoment that I was in an
airship of some new% kind, but there were
no enclosing walls and I could see no
floor beneath me. Yet the sky was de-
void of stars.

  "All this I noticed in a brief instant
before my captor mutely commanded me
to walk forward a few paces and seat my-
self. Too stunned and overwhelmed to
offer any resistance, I did so. The thing
drifted toward me and hung a few feet
away. I looked at it, and again I had an
impression of burning eyes that I could
not see. But there came over me again
that odd sensation of peace.

“TT ow can I describe the strange ter-
Xi ror and fascination of the scene,
or what followed? Surely no man was
ever before so suddenly jerked from the
habits and thoughts of a lifetime as I was
then. Without my realizing it until after-
ward, I must have been placed again
under hypnotic or mental control, for the
mechanism and gaseous shapes surround-
ing me suddenly faded away into blank-
ness, and then, while I had the disem-
bodied feeling of one who dreams, a suc-
cession of fantastic images and pictures
were imposed on my imagination by the
thing before me. No word passed
between us, for neither could have under-
stood the language of the other. By a
kind of mesmeric thought-transference, I
was made to understand all that had hap-
pened to me, and some things I had not
known about, and some of which I shall
probably never have any further knowl-
edge to certify their truth.

  "As I had begun to suspect, I was now
in a space-flyer of utterly new type and
construction to me. The being who hung
a few yards away was Relelpa, director
of an expedition from Saturn on a mis-
sion that meant existence or death to the
solar system.

  "For thousands of years, civilization
had been progressing there until the in-
habitants were now as far ahead of us as
we are ahead of jungle apes. The life
force which is persistent everywhere in an
infinite variety of organisms produced on
Saturn opaque, gaseous substances like
Relelpa. Many years before our meeting,
these eery inhabitants of Saturn had dis-
covered deep in the bowels of their
planet one of the rarest elements in all
the universe. Saturn itself contained only
a few thousand tons of the ore from
which this element, Seggglyn, was ex-
tracted.

  "Seggglyn resists cold even to absolute
zero, but if exposed to sufficient heat it
SOMETHING FROM ABOVE

775

explodes. Its most curious and most valu-
able property is its imperviousness to
gravitation. For instance, a lump of the
pure element isolated under an open sky
is immediately hurled skyward by the
centrifugal force of the spinning planet,
since gravitation has no effect on it.
Until it finally breaks up into atomic
particles, it hurtles forever through the
universe, rebounding anew from any
gravitational pull which it may chance to
come near.

   "In extracting the element and in ex-
perimenting with it, the Saturnians not
only discovered how to control it but
obtained by-products of inestimable
value. Seggglyn is completely transpar-
ent, but nothing beyond it is visible—as
if you looked through a pane of glass
but could see nothing beyond. Perhaps I
can make this clearer by saying that it is
like a blind spot. If you put two black
dots on a cardboard, hold the cardboard
at arm’s length, focus your eyes on one
dot, and then draw the cardboard toward
you, one of the dots will disappear when
the cardboard is about a foot and a half
from your eyes. Well, Seggglyn acts like
a blind spot at any distance from the eye
of the beholder.

   "In extracting the element, the Sa-
turnians found that the last impurity re-
moved had the effect of counteracting the
element; that is, until the impurity was
taken out, Seggglyn was held by gravita-
tional attraction. Thus, by putting the
impurity back in, or coating Seggglyn
with it, the element had only normal
mineral properties.

  "There was only a limited amount of
the stuff on Saturn, and no trace of it
was ever found in the spectrum of any
star. What should be done with it? The
Saturnians considered every possible use,
and finally decided that it would be most
valuable as an offense and defense against
any danger; and so they built this vast

space-flyer, and armed it with all their
weapons and rays of destruction. The
flyer could not be seen, nor its location
guessed unless it crossed a star and shut
out the light.

   "On the outside of the flyer at one tip
were placed dozens of thin plates of the
impurity. These were controlled by radio
from inside the ship. They could be ad-
justed to any position on the outside, so
that die ship’s speed could be regulated,
and just enough gravitational pull shut
off or turned on to let the ship rise and
land safely.

   "With their space-flyer, the Saturnians
had explored the solar system hundreds
of years ago, and had even ventured out
into the galaxy beyond, for there was
apparently no limit to the speed which
it could attain. If its rate of speed were
constant when it left the gravitational
influence of Saturn, it would keep on
going at that rate. But if its speed were
controlled so that it was constantly in-
creasing at the point where it passed
beyond Saturn’s influence, its acceleration
would continue at the same rate, and if
it were worth the risk, a speed of hun-
dreds or thousands of light-years per
second could be reached.

   "After their early explorations and ex-
periments, the Saturnians kept the flyer
idle, but always in readiness for any dan-
ger. They had discovered many dis-
quieting matters on their trips, but so
long as nothing happened, they preserved
their policy of waiting in readiness.

  "And out of night with no warning
had suddenly come the one cataclysmic
danger that they had not anticipated.
From their great central observatory, the
Saturnians kept up a constant survey of
the heavens for astronomic and protective
reasons. One week the observation had
shown a normal view of the region of the
evening star. And the next week, stars
were disappearing momentarily in a
776

WEIRD TALES

straight line that travelled toward the
solar system.

  "They could not believe the explana-
tion, but there was only one explanation
possible. Some star or world beyond the
reach of their farthest telescope had pos-
sessed the rare ore, and a space-ship made
from Seggglyn, whether a scouting party
or an expedition of invaders, was hourly
leaping colossal stellar distances toward
the solar system. Their surprize turned
almost into panic when they discovered
that instead of one, there were three
space-flyers hurtling onward!

  "So short was the warning that des-
perate measures had to be taken. Hasty
calculations showed that the invaders
were heading toward Earth first, perhaps
to reconnoiter or to use Earth as a rico-
chet for reaching Saturn. Relelpa was
summoned to lead the party. The need
of reaching Earth before or not later
than the invaders was desperate. It could
not be accomplished even with the nor-
mal acceleration of the Saturnian space-
flyer. In the crisis, at the moment when
the nullifying plates were stripped from
the outside of the flyer, Saturn’s most
powerful explosive was used to hurl it
off in a blinding flash to give it the in-
itial acceleration required.

  "Over Earth, they met; and before the
invaders realized" that their coming was
known, the red annihilation ray of the
Saturn flyer stabbed out and the first ship
from outside dissolved into brownish dust
that drifted down. The red ray stabbed
out again but missed; the second ship
which used some other means than black
plates of using gravitational pull as the
first and third also did had dropped sud-
denly to escape the deadly ray; but the
ship behind it had also dived and crashed
into the tip of its own comrade, and as
the bitter cold of space mowed down its
occupants, the second ship hurtled to
Earth. Some of its occupants spilled out

into space, and from one of these who
was instantly caught and swept to the
Saturn-flyer by the green magnetic ray,
the story of the invaders was found out.

  "Where they came from is unknown,
for their world lies beyond any galaxy or
nebula known to astronomers of the
solar system. They too had discovered
Seggglyn on their world, and had dis-
covered it at the last moment, for their
world was dying and had almost reached
its end. With their super-telescopes, they
had found traces of Seggglyn in the
spectrum of Saturn long before it was
isolated on their own world. Time was
priceless to these gruesome plant-animal-
mineral creatures from the spaces beyond.
They had built three ships, but these
were not enough to transport all the in-
habitants of their world before the end
came. If they could obtain the ore from
Saturn and build two more ships or even
one great flyer, they would be saved.

  "And so the three flyers started out,
each loaded with a thousand of the
loathly creatures. One ship was to land
on the most habitable of the planets,
Earth, and wipe out all life on it with
the violet ray of terrific heat and the
yellow ray that blasted anything it
touched. The other two were to dis-
gorge on Saturn, and while one band
destroyed the inhabitants, the other would
extract Seggglyn from the ore and build
as many ships as possible. As soon as the
three flyers had landed, they were to re-
turn to their world, empty except for the
crews to man them, in order to bring
back other thousands of the loathsome,
obscene things.

  "And their hellish plan would have
succeeded if they had not neglected one
possibility: they thought that the Satur-
nians were unaware of the property of
Seggglyn, and that the ore was still un-
mined; or that in any case, their own
three space-flyers would prove to be in-
SOMETHING FROM ABOVE

777

vincible. Ahd so, all unprepared, in the
very moment of their triumph the
strength of the invaders was cut down by
two-thirds.

  "But now the third ship was warned;
and all this day the Saturn-flyer had been
engaged with it in a struggle on which
the fate of worlds depended. If the Sa-
turnians were defeated, Earth and Saturn
were doomed, even though the invaders
were unable to save all the inhabitants of
their own world by transporting them
across space.

  "Relelpa showed me a great, metallic
disk, on which the heavens were mir-
rored; since those inside the flyer could
see nothing outside, television was neces-
sarily employed for guidance. And there,
close to the center of the disk which
marked our position, I saw stars blotted
out where the invaders hung.

  "What can I do? Why do you want
me? were the two silent questions that I
asked Relelpa; and the answer came back,
there was nothing I could do up here.
Relelpa had sighted my airplane and
ordered it picked up by the green ray. He
had told me all he wanted to, and I was
now about to be released to warn the
people of my world in the event that the
Saturnians were defeated.

  "I had no will-power of my own beside
this mental giant, I merely followed his
directions. It would have been fatal to
try using my airplane at this height, and
my parachute would probably have ripped
from my shoulders with the force and
speed of my fall when it finally opened.
Relelpa gave me a curious black disk
when he read my thoughts, and again by
mental image showed me how to use it.

  "Suddenly he flashed me the image
that the final, desperate battle was near.
At the same instant, he thrust me toward
the outer chamber through which I had
originally entered. I saw his strange,
cloud-like form for the last time, I felt

him wish me good luck as I in turn
wished him success, and Jthen the door
clicked behind me. I held the disk over
my head, manipulating it as he had ex-
plained, so that parts of the black cover-
ing slid off the Seggglyn. I heard another
click, and then all at once I dropped,
and my airplane twisted past me hurtling
downward and after it the bodies of the
two people who had been on earth in the
path of the green ray when its magnetic
power picked me up sped by me, and
behind them the hideous monster which
the Saturnians had captured.

  "As I fell slowly, still feeling as if I
had dreamed a horrible nightmare, I
looked above me; and my eyes went wide
when I saw red and green ray flashing
against yellow and violet beam. Surely
it was the strangest and most important
battle ever witnessed by man! Sometimes
all four rays darted and flamed out, some-
times only one or two; or both rays of
one flyer would vanish only to reappear
suddenly in another spot.

  "I heard the wind whistle past me, I
looked at earth far below, and a great
fear took hold of me; but I was falling
no faster than I would be with a para-
chute, and the mental picture of Relelpa
came back to reassure me.

  "Once more I looked upward. I saw
only the red and the green rays leaping
madly across the sky in a paean of victory
—the battle was won! . . .

  "The doctor tells me that gangrene has
set in. I guess I was more seriously
frozen than I thought in those upper
spaces. They think I am crazy and they
won’t believe what I tried to tell them
last night. Maybe I am crazy, but I swear
that I saw all the things I have written
of as plainly as I see now my hospital
cot or the skylight above me or the black
disk under my pillow. Well, that ought
to convince them if nothing else does.

"Larry Greene.”
i778

WEIRD TALES

6.	The Black Disk

Underneath the pillow of the cot on
which Larry Greene had died, a
small disk was found. The nurse who
discovered it looked at it in some curios-
ity, puzzled as to its purpose and won-
dering what to do with it. Finally she
called the doctor who had vainly tried to
save the pilot’s life.

  "What is it?” he bruskly inquired.
"That’s just it, I don’t know,” she an-
swered. "I found this on Mr. Greene’s
cot. What shall I do with it?”

  The doctor took the object and scru-
tinized it closely. It was a black disk,
slightly oval in shape, and approximately
a foot in diameter. It was perfectly flat,
with an unvarying thickness of a half-

inch. On two sides it was indented, and
at each indentation was a row of tiny
knobs.

 "H’mm,” mused the doctor, "I've
never seen anything quite like it.” He
fingered the knobs meditatively.

  There was a faint click, and the black
covering of the disk somehow seemed to
slide off or collapse. And all at once, he
found himself with nothing in his hands.
He heard a sudden wind, the crash of
shattered glass, a sound like the rush
of air.

  The dumfounded doctor looked at an
amazed nurse, as bits of glass from the
broken skylight dropped around them.
The black disk which they had been
examining a few seconds ago had van-
ished.

A Dream of Bubastis

          By HARVEY W. FLINK

         I dreamt I stood before a shrine of Bast,

        And harkened to the piping of her flutes,

        Whilst in the dusk two Ethiopian mutes

        Came through the granite gates, and bound me fast.

        They laid me on an altar-stone and fled
        Like shadows from the hall, and in my dream
        I heard above the flutes a wailing scream,

        And saw the goddess with the feline head.

        I groaned, and in the censer’s golden smoke
        I watched her lift her black, enormous paws:

        She tore my flesh with gleaming agate claws
        Until, with sweat upon my brow, I woke . . *

        And knew that in the dawn a creature sat
        Sphinx-like upon my chest: it was a cat.
ne PRIMEVAL

PIT ^AVAIililS

 "After that, chaos indescribable.”

“ REAT snakes! Joe, did you ever
I see the like of it?” exclaimed
Haines, the shorter and stouter
built of the two men, hoarsely, as he
stared at the two-mile stretch of placid
water fully five hundred feet below them.

  "It’s a slice of luck; and by the look
of these walls it’s a miracle if we ever
get down to it,” replied the tall, spare
Elkins as he craned his head farther over
the edge of the huge wall to obtain a
better view of it.

  "Well, we got to make it,” said Haines,
relapsing into his natural slow, stolid
manner of speech.

  "Sure we’ll make it—this blasted wall
can’t go on forever without a break,”
growled his partner as his gaze returned
longingly to the silvery shimmering sur-
face that lay fully a mile or more distant,
yet by reason of their elevation seemingly
so dose to them.

  In all the four days of their crossing
the desolate plateau the scarcity of water
had been their great trouble. Hardship,
heat, cold, hunger—nothing to kick about
in those. Not a grumble had escaped
them even in the stifling heat of the air-
less hollows; or the roasting hell of the
open where a million facets of glassy rock
reflected the molten shafts of a flaming
sun that ceaselessly assailed them; or
nights when they had shivered in the bit-
ing chill, when the rocks crackled and
rang in contraction, as the temperature
dropped maybe sixty degrees in an hour
after sundown, and the plateau sloughed
the heat it had bathed in. For fire had
been denied them, there being never a
twig or a blade of grass in all that im-
mense desolation. So for four days never
a morsel of cooked food or hot cheering
mate had passed their lips, and a little
sun-dried meat and uncooked beans were

                                   779
780

WEIRD TALES

all they had to sustain them. An occa-
sional trickle of seepage in the depths of
a canyon had just held life in them and
sustained their determination to reach a
spot from which it would again be pos-
sible to resume their search for the treas-
ure that had brought them deep into the
trackless and totally unknown regions of
the northern Andes.

  It was just a tale they heard in
Paita: told, between gasps and the red
froth that stained the pallid lips of the
dying derelict, to the two hard-eyed ad-
venturers who had befriended him and
eased his last hours of the misery of lone-
liness and poverty. Just a few faint chok-
ing words that had sent them hurrying
into the storm-swept savagery of "the
Top of the World,” as the Peruvians so
aptly term the immense range that
frowns down on the Pacific shelf, where
alone maps are anything but mere waste
paper to the traveler in that great wilder-
ness. A tale of wandering in the wilds
far to the north; and coming on a tribe
of nomadic natives who had offered for
sale a dozen or so small rubies, which,
they stated, now and again they found
inside the migrating waterfowl that broke
their passage south by alighting in a
small near-by lake the tribe frequented.
He had purchased them for the price of
a blanket, and later turned them over for
the price of a week’s spree in a filthy
drinking-tavern of a coastal town. But
he knew something of such things, and
affirmed there was no doubt whatever of
their identity and value, and held the
natural conclusion that somewhere north
of that lake, hidden in the huge hills
there lay another stretch of water in
whose gravel beaches there might lie a
fortune for the lucky discoverer.

  So, as though there was only one
course open to them, they had come to
Pienta Arenas, where he had made the
purchase; and from there they had struck

fearlessly into the heart of the vast range
that towered above this last outpost of
almost savage humanity.

  That Odyssey might seem worthy of a
modern Homer’s epic; to them it was
the merest commonplace of existence.
Through frightful, almost impassable
passes; across soaring cloud-wreathed
summits; piercing appalling canyons; fol-
lowing foaming creeks, whose wild wa-
ters vanished in veils of mist down depths
lost in obscurity; always on and on, the
two men, foot by foot, fought their way
ever northward. Creek after creek was
panned without a trace of treasure to re-
ward and inspire their labors; neverthe-
less each failure meant no more than that
another creek could be abandoned, and
but narrowed the ground yet to be cov-
ered before that last flow would direct
them to the source of the waiting fortune.

  Then they had come upon this im-
mense plateau, and as they dropped down
to it lying several thousand feet below
the average fifteen thousand they had ar-
rived at, there could just be discerned
another range of high peaks far in the
haze of the distance, and they reckoned
fifty miles would barely span the cross-
ing to them. And to this range the urge
of the unknown, the lure of wealth, the
spirit of high adventure—all drove them
irresistibly forward.

  That this plateau had been the scene
of enormous convulsions was unmistak-
able, for deep rents ’and crevices mean-
dered and crisscrossed in every direction;
crags and sheer bluffs of a totally alien
nature dotted it; and millions of great
boulders were profusely strewn over its
every acre.

  Of course such rock-wise men as El-
kins and Haines could not fail to note
that the glassy vitreous surface of the
canyons, faces of bluffs and many boul-
ders evidenced the fiery breath that eons
past had scorched the solid rock as though
THE PRIMEVAL PIT

781

it was brown paper; but as rubies, like
most other gems, are born in the anguish
of inconceivable heat, in spite of the toil
and privation the crossing entailed the
two men endured it with fortitude, and
even regarded the desolation with some
favor.

  Yet in four days by well-nigh incred-
ible labor they had not crossed the half
of it, though from a high bluff they had
come to the conclusion that the plateau
was considerably wider than they had
first estimated. Then just before sun-
down of the fourth day they reached the
edge of the huge abyss; for no other word
could convey a correct impression of the
great depth and sheer walls that enclosed
that enormous depression.

  Quite suddenly a canyon they had been
following had fallen away into the void
of empty space, and coming to the edge
of that nothingness, and peering over,
they found themselves gazing in speech-
less wonder at what was apparently
another world altogether. Hundreds of
feet below, billow after billow of dense
forests covered the undulating bottom of
a vast depression, whose opposite wall
was so distant that, even from their eleva-
tion, it could be discerned only as a nar-
row shadowy ribbon whose ends mean-
dered into haze and invisibility. Exactly
below lay the silver blue of a small lake,
and other gleaming patches in the distance
seemed to denote that a considerable
stream, widening into basins, flowed di-
agonally across; though the extreme
length could be marked only by the sum-
mits of ranges enclosing them.

  It was as marvelous as a mirage, im-
mense, a paradise of delight, after the
setting of desolation and sterility the star-
ing men had fought with for days; and
for men who had hardly more than wet
their parched throats in the last twenty-
four hours.

  Yet Elkins, who by nature was a born

scientist, and indeed possessed a fair de-
gree of geological learning, had at once
stared shrewdly at the frowning walls
where prominent buttresses rendered
them visible; and in his hardly conscious
mutter probably summed the matter very
closely. "A huge fault in the strata—a
bad jolt—and down she drops in a solid
chunk; while the molten stuff below is
squeezed each side and lifts the hills a
trifle.” Then Haines, whose eyes had no
concern with anything save the water,
had broken in on his musings, and he too
became absorbed in the problem of reach-
ing it; and after a little vain peering de-
cided that whether they followed the
crest east or west the descent was a pure
gamble, and likely a very hazardous one.

Very soon, the sun sliding below the
horizon, they were turning to seek
shelter in the canyon from a chill night
air that commenced to flow over the
bluff’s edge, and Elkins, delaying a sec-
ond to stare thoughtfully into the gather-
ing dusk, suddenly cried sharply: "Look,
Tom! what sort of birds are those?” and
Haines, whipping around, was just in
time to catch a glimpse of the last winged
thing as it vanished into the forest.

  "The Sam Hill! they must be as large
as ostriches! Why, at that distance a con-
dor would seem no bigger than a spar-
row!” he exclaimed in some astonish-
ment.

  "And there was at least half a dozen
of them — I just noted them as they
crossed the narrow neck,” explained El-
kins, referring to the western end of the
waters where it dwindled to a fourth its
middle width. "But after all, I reckon
it’s the half light on die water sort of
balls things up, for diere’s no birds that
big in all South America,” he asserted
with careless conviction.

  "That’s so,” agreed Haines, "but likely
they’re big waterfowl anyway; and with
782

WEIRD TALES

luck we’ll have roast bird tomorrow," he
added very contentedly; and so the mat-
ter was dismissed as a quite insignificant
happening.

  For some time in the cold starlight the
two men sat smoking and talking of this
amazing depression; mainly from the
angle of its chancing to prove the source
of the waterfowl’s discovery; for un-
doubtedly such an expanse of water
would tempt the birds to break their pas-
sage across the sterile ranges; and in spite
of the bitter cold of night, the gnawing
of hunger—for the last morsel of dried
meat had vanished that morning—and
the bite of thirst, they were highly elated
and made light of their discomfort.

  "Shall we chance it?” queried Elkins,
staring down gravely at the hundred foot
drop that yet separated them from the
rubble slope that fringed the wall’s bot-
tom.

  "Damned if I know, Joe—one slip
would end a guy’s thirst for keeps,” re-
plied Haines slowly. "Yet it looks like
it’s this drop or nothing,” he added
thoughtfully.

  Now it was noon and the molten sun
had heated the shadeless rocks to a pitch
when a careless touch meant a seared cu-
ticle, and the green shade so close to them
seemed an unbelievable heaven.

                        «

  Since dawn they had followed the
crest, first to the east, then to the west-
ward; and the endless ravines and can-
yons opening out into this vast depres-
sion had made the going slow and
infinitely laborious. At last they had
returned to the only spot where they
deemed descent was in the least feasible:
a gully that cut into the wall far deeper
than any they had discovered. No more
than a hundred feet was the height of its
last great step, which ended in a slope of
jagged rubble where nothing but clumps
of tough dwarf scrub could find nutrition.
Yet—with luck—it was possible; for its

face was broken with many fairly wide
shelves, and much of the rock was
threaded with seams and crevices that a
desperate man by the grace of fortune
might lower himself by. Here and there
undoubtedly would be spots where he
must drop and trust to keeping his bal-
ance on a shelf below. But still it was
barely possible; and already the torment
of the fire of thirst was weakening them,
and they knew that shortly this last chance
would be closed to nerves and muscles
sapped of their virility.

  "That’i the way I size it—we’ll take
a chance,” said Elkins with quick deci-
sion; for by unspoken consent in any cru-
cial matter the final word seemed ever to
rest with the speaker. "But we’ll lash the
blankets about the pack before we sling
them over—though we daren’t chance the
guns that way.” And after some peering
over and discussion of the line of their
descent, they lashed both packs, the pans
and cooking-ware in the center, around
with blankets and made one bundle of
them. With a dull sound it hit the rub-
ble and bounded to the slope’s foot.

  "Hope that billy ain’t busted,” said
Haines anxiously; and in a moment the
two men, a few feet apart, were careful-
ly, though coolly, lowering themselves
over a drop that spelt instant and horrible
destruction if a hand failed to hold or a
fragment of stone came away in its clutch-
ing fingers.

  "Well, that’s that!” said Elkins cheer-
fully as his partner dropped the last doz-
en feet of sheer rock face to the slope he
stood on.

  "And it’s a sure thing nothing but a
fly could make it back again,” said the
new arrival, breathing heavily, for his
solid build had felt the severe strain
more than his partner’s steel sinews. And
his statement was by no means a grim
exaggeration; for in a couple of places,
high up, the wall face had lacked a single
THE PRIMEVAL PIT

783

niche for a finger and they had been com-
pelled to chance a drop of many feet to
a ledge beneath; and on one of these
occasions but for Haines’ herculean arm
Elkins would have failed to recover his
balance and swayed backward into space
— but that was all in the game, and
neither spoke nor thought any more of it.

A hasty examination relieved their
anxiety of damage to their hard-
ware, which seemed to concern them
much more than the daring skill of their
descent, and quickly shouldering the
packs they commenced to make their way
along the rubble slope to the lake, which
lay about a couple of miles distant. The
sun beat full upon the towering wall and
the heat in the narrow passage between
it and the tall forest was as stifling as an
airless boiler room with the furnace gates
wide open; but a thorny jungle fringed
and invaded the still depths, and it would
have been an arduous waste of precious
time to pierce this barrier; so doggedly
they went on through the heat and rough
going, with their thoughts entirely cen-
tered on the mighty reward awaiting
them. Yet now and again they thought
they heard the tinkling of running water
in die distance, and by its persistence ar-
rived at the conclusion that a large creek
must be running lakeward.

  By careful note of some projecting
spurs and massive bosses from the heights
above diey had little difficulty in deciding
where they must strike into the forest to
hit the lake; and with much labor and
swearing broke through the rim of jun-
gle, which here had greatly narrowed,
and entered the forest proper; and even in
their exhausted and water-famished con-
dition they could not avoid noting the
strangeness of some of the great growths
which here and there they met in almost
isolated clumps and single specimens
amid the usual rank growths of a tropic

forest. Before one unusually large growth
Elkins halted for a moment and sur-
veying it with a puzzled frown exclaimed
hoarsely, "These trees are queer — look
at this joker! Ever seen anything like it,
Tom?” he asked irritably, as one tired of
marvels and impatient of yet having to
observe diem.

  "It ain’t a beauty,” acknowledged
Haines, severely regarding the tree.
"Looks like it was as old as Satan, and a
damned heap more wicked,” he added
with increasing disfavor.

  And indeed the strange giant had a
most forbidding exterior; for its immense
bole, that was lost in the green canopy
fully a hundred feet above them, was
covered with large horn-like scales that
rose in their centers to sharp dark-hued
points that bore a striking resemblance to
the poisoned talon on the end of the tail
of a scorpion. Sharp, curved, and shad-
ing to a glistening black, they possessed
a most repellent and vicious appearance,
and very evidently would be wicked
things for any flesh that brushed against
them; while to add to the suspicion of
latent hostility the thing aroused in die
observer, each horny scale had a straggly
fringe of coarse gristly hairlike threads
drooping from its edges and thinly veil-
ing it. Its foliage was invisible, but
crooked scaly limbs could be made out in
the dim light overhead. Truly the thing
was abnormal, an enigma, and entirely
distasteful to the two who stared at it, as
though something hoary, unnatural and
incredibly aged had stepped from the
abortions of the primeval and come to
poison a gentler creation with its fierce
malice and foulness.

  "Curious,” muttered Elkins as though
thinking aloud, "diere was once—hell!
diat’s a crazy notion. Say, let’s get a
move on; my throat’s burning up for a
moudiful of water.”

  And thereafter they paid no attention
784

WEIRD TALES

  to other like growths and still others, fan-
  tastic and unnatural but not so markedly
  unlovely, that they met with. But one
  peculiarity of these strange growths had
  a profound bearing on the partners’
  fortunes; for oddly there was but little
  underbrush where they flourished, and
  almost involuntarily the men’s steps in-
  clined from their course to avail them-
  selves of the clearings. This accounted
  for their striking the lake near its center
  instead of at the narrow neck they aimed
  for. Likely this saved their lives, for,
  unwitting of the deadly peril they had
  come into, most probably their bodies
  would have been slashed to ribbons be-
  fore they realized the savage nature of
  the winged brutes that swooped down on
  them.

    Both were stretched full length on a
 shelf of flat rock that, almost level with the
 lake’s surface, reached some yards out
 into a shallow; and each man was gulp-
 ing great drafts of elixir as though he
 would drink on forever. Behind them
 lay a narrow strip of pinky quartz out-
 cropping that rimmed the lake for some
 way each side of them; behind that lay a
 dense thicket of stout growths much the
 size and appearance of northern alders.

 Elkins was the first to hear the dull
 beat of heavy wings approaching;
 looking up he stared in the direction the
 , sound came from, which was to westward
 of the narrow neck they had thought to
 hit.

    "Say, Tom!” he exclaimed, "just look
 at this bunch, will you? Fresh meat, sure
 enough-—but what the devil are they?”
 And Haines, raising his head from drink-
 ing, stared also at the flying things that
 about a quarter of a mile away were com-
 ing at a great speed toward them; though
 the odd powerful wings beat so slowly
 that their passage seemed more the swoop
 of a hawk than an effort of their wings.

  "What sort of birds are they?” cried
Haines in amazement. "Unless my eyes
are on the blink I’m blessed if they got a
feather on them.”

  And as he spoke a duck rose squawk-
ing from the surface right in front of
the strange things and made off at full
speed for a bed of reeds. There came a
downward drive by one brute a little
ahead of his companions; an enormous
beak gaped and in a flash had closed on
the fleeing bird. That was all; there was
no more to be seen of the duck than there
is of a midge snapped up by a bat!

  "By -!” cried Elkins blankly.

"What’s this? bolt a duck at a mouthful!
Say! these brutes are making for us!
Quick, Tom, beat it to the bush! those
beaks could slash a limb off.”

  Luckily these were men accustomed to
quick decision and instant action; but at
that, they reached cover a few yards away
not a second too soon. For in spite of
their deliberate movement of wing, which
afforded a false impression, they came up
at an immense pace, and the two men
had no more than burst into the shelter
of a grove of thick - foliaged lesser
growths that for some distance here
fringed the giants beyond, when the thud
of the wings of the foremost brutes was
above them and the air resounded with
harsh loud cries of bestial savagery.

  Peering out through the stout stems
they saw the brutes withdraw a little,
and, after some fluttering about the edge
of the water, arise to a hundred feet or
so, and there more slowly pass backward
and forward like pointers quartering a
covert. But the little time they hovered
had sufficed to show the amazed watchers
the extraordinary appearance these things
presented, and the fact that they bore not
the least resemblance to any species of
bird they had ever seen or heard of—if
bird they could be called. For save in
possessing wings and beaks there lay no
THE PRIMEVAL PIT

785

feature that could be identified as falling
certainly into that classification; rather
were they the abortions that alcohol-
crazed victims screaming flee from.

  Great, featherless, hairless monsters
with angular, ungainly bodies not less
than five or six feet long ending in short
thick legs with long clawed feet that
seemed covered with homy plates. Above,
long snaky necks ending in blunt thick
heads that without a break ran into enor-
mous beaks nearly a third of their body
in length; thick, wide, sharp-pointed, and
it seemed as though the edges were deep-
ly serrated; one glance was enough to
realize that these would be terrible weap-
ons, quite capable of stabbing and slash-
ing a strong man to ribbons. And their
wings with their full fifteen-foot stretch,
like a dirty brown parchment in hue and
texture; leathery stuff through which
ridges of bone and gristle were plainly
visible, and what looked like a couple of
long curved talons on the outer edge;
these things were all in the picture the
astounded men stared at. To the greasy,
sickening flapping of their monstrous
wings, the brutes were horrible, crude,
and brutal beyond expression, as was the
strong rank odor as of putrid meat that
saturated the air with its filthiness on
their first close onslaught.

  "Don’t shoot, Tom!” said Elkins quick-
ly as he laid a restraining hand on his
partner’s upflung arm and gun. "Better
save our shells—we may need them. No
saying how many of these hell-fired
things roost in this pit; and maybe there’ll
be trouble getting clear of it.”

  "But what are these damned things?
I never heard tell of the like of them.
They ain’t birds, that’s certain,” growled
Haines as he blankly stared at the last
one flap along the lake’s edge and beyond
his range of vision.

  "They’ve got me guessing,” confessed

Elkins. "There was once-” he com-

   W. T.—5

menced, then broke off short and impa-
tiently muttered, "But that’s just crazi-
ness!” and continued, "We just got to
take the facts as we find them—we’ve run
up against some sort of brutes we never
heard of, but they’re facts, and there ain’t
a doubt in the world but any one of those
queer things could rip a guy up easy as
look at him; and seemingly they’re par-
tial to living meat. We saw ten of them
—Lord only knows how many more of
the breed there may be around us. I tell
you, Tom, I don’t fancy the look of
things,” he added thoughtfully.

  "No. I ain’t stuck on the uglies my-
self,” said Haines simply. "Seems to me
one of us must stand sentry any time we
fossick around in the open, and keeping
close to cover I reckon we won’t get hurt
any,” suggested Haines in the matter-of-
fact tone in which one would discuss the
most commonplace occurrence. For his
solid, unimaginative nature was quite con-
tent to accept the evidence of his senses
without troubling overmuch, whether it
offended common sense, or the common
interpretation of such.

A little while they quietly listened
to the flapping wings as in ever
widening circles the brutes slowly drifted
away from them, and shortly the sound
died away in the distance. Then they
came to the wood’s edge, and after care-
.fully scanning the vicinity, commenced
to make their way cautiously eastward
about the lake’s edge. But now, though
refreshed by the water, they suffered
much from hunger; for no more than a
handful or so of raw beans had they
eaten in the last two days. However,
luck was now with them, and in a nar-
row sheltered slough they flushed a large
waterfowl from its nest in the reeds; in-
stantly Elkins had cut its head off with a
.38-bore bullet. After the report had
ceased to shatter the breathless silence,
786

WEIRD TALES

for a moment they heard a distant harsh
screaming, but it ceased abruptly, and
nothing further happening, very quickly
a smokeless blaze had the hastily skinned
bird scorching over it. That and a billy
of steaming mate made new men of
them; and as the day was far spent and
the spot snug for camping they decided
to go no farther, but have a long night
in and start with completely restored
vigor at dawn. They had little fear of
being attacked during the night, as they
were satisfied that the brutes, being un-
embarrassed by the midday sun, would
not likely be abroad in the darkness;
nevertheless they agreed to take turn
about in watching and sleeping.

  As dusk descended, the hush and peace
that surrounded them seemed as perfect
and innocuous as a New England coun-
tryside on a summer sundown. It was
hard to believe that but an hour or two
back, seconds only had separated them
from the ghastly death that had descend-
ed like a whirlwind with strange terrible
shapes astride it. But though the men
contentedly smoking by the firelight
might have been no more than a couple
of camping fishermen enjoying a well-
earned vacation, yet each man was im-
mersed in a train of thought that fisher-
men would scarcely indulge in.

  Haines’ thoughts ran all on a ledge he
had marked as worthy of close examina-
tion, and Elkins, whose ideas ranged
farther and were always seething with
speculative queries and delvings, was full
of a brilliant invention for minting hard
cash out of the weird abortions that had
assailed them.

  "See here, Tom,” he exclaimed as the
thought boiled over, "I wouldn’t wonder
but the hide of one of those brutes might
be worth a tidy few dollars if we toted
it back to the coast — those highbrow
museums just eat up such things.”

  "What, the hide of a blasted thing like

that?” said Haines in surprize, but as he
had a great respect for his partner’s more
nimble gray matter he added more hope-
fully, "And can you put a figure to it,
Joe?”

  "A figure? Well, I dunno exactly, but
I do call to mind that some old bones of
a beast dead thousands of years ago
fetched well into four figures,” replied
Elkins thoughtfully as he recalled some
odd paragraph he had come on in his
omnivorous reading; for when opportu-
nity offered he had an insatiable thirst
for devouring every scrap of information
on the natural sciences he could assim-
ilate from periodicals and other sources
adapted to the needs of the layman.

  "Four figures!” echoed Haines. "Oh,
that’s another matter. Then if luck’s
against us we’ll shoot up the whole ca-
boodle and start in the hide and bone
business. Say! maybe there’s a bunch
more of those uglies! Hell! I hope
there’s a thousand,” he exclaimed enthu-
siastically, the prospect of such good for-
tune overriding any doubt of success as
he stared out into the starlit water, as
though trusting to see there an immedi-
ate response to his rapacious ambition.
And even Elkins, who in spite of his
imagination was a very shrewd reasoner
and clearly saw the many obstacles to be
overcome, caught a little of his enthu-
siasm. Moreover, though the precious
metals and gems were the main motif of
their existence, yet the exigency of living
had interested them in oil, orchids, feath-
ers, rubber, and even the hides of devils
if thereby they came by hard cash to for-
ward their search for El Dorado.

Haines was sleeping, and Elkins
standing the first sentry go, when
the night commenced to unbosom itself
of strange loud noises that seemingly
had their source far to the westward,
where the lake greatly narrowed and the
THE PRIMEVAL PIT

787

winged things had vanished. Wonder-
ingly he had listened to a hoarse cough-
ing bellow that spilled itself suddenly
into the stillness. The sound, allowing
for the distance, was of preposterous vol-
ume, like that of a dozen wrath-inflamed
bull challenges rolled into one. It ceased,
then in a moment broke out afresh, and
now another great throat was adding its
quota to the hollow reverberations that
came booming through the darkness. As
he nudged Haines the sounds abruptly
hurled themselves into each other in a
typhoon blast of savagery.

  "What in Sam Hill is this?” cried the
awakened man as he leapt to his feet.
"Hell’s a-popping out there—they must
be bull elephants, or dragons belike mix-
ing it! I never heard such a rumpus,” he
declared as beside Elkins he strode from
the fire and at the water’s edge stood star-
ing into the shapeless blur of the distance.

  "Dragons?” growled Elkins harshly,
and in his voice lay a curious recognition
of an appropriate word just discovered.
"Dragons?—maybe that’s a better guess
than you reckon,” he muttered half to
himself. "Anyhow I ain’t sorry the length
of the water lays between us and those
scrapping devils; and it strikes me, Tom,
this blasted pit is all loco. What say,
shall we up stakes and beat it in the
morning?” And as he spoke there be-
came audible the crash of rending wood
fibers crackling like far-away gunfire, and
the most hideous monstrous snarling that
could be imagined.

  "My-!” cried Haines. "Whatever

they are they must be as large as houses!
At this distance what sounds like dry
sticks must surely be real big timber being
busted—what sort of land is this we’ve
got to?”

  "I dunno,” replied Elkins savagely.
"But there ain’t a doubt we’d better get
out of it; I reckon we would be no more
than humming-birds to beasts like those

scrappers. Just listen to that, will you?”
he broke off suddenly, silenced by the
enormity of the huge scream of brute
agony that seeped the air with its poig-
nant passion and swept the very skies
with a titanic wrath and malign protest
at the torture it suffered. Then, as a light
blown out, it ceased, and a silence as-
sailed the listeners, a silence that seemed
even more filled with frightful things.

  After waiting awhile, but no further
uproar arising, they returned to the fire,
and shortly Elkins was slumbering as
peacefully as a babe in its mother’s arms.

The dawn and a hearty though single-
coursed breakfast found them not so
set on quitting, or at any rate the matter
was by tacit agreement left in abeyance;
though they resolved to exercise the great-
est caution in their movements. But
what sort of monsters they might have to
deal with they could not conceive, there-
fore being not unduly loquacious men
they wasted no time in idle discussion.

  With guns ready at half cock, and
every sense keyed to highest pitch, they
resumed their passage along the water’s
edge. Here and there one or the other
would pick at the numerous outcroppings,
or wash a pan or two of gravel from the
banks or shingle beaches. But though
everywhere they found fine gold, yet
there was never a sign of crimson stone,
nor was the gold heavy enough to work
with profit.

  Nevertheless the ground was sufficient-
ly interesting to raise their hopes to a
pitch of anticipation that almost blinded
them to the extraordinary nature of the
creatures they had run up against; for
these were men of the breed who dare
everything and would challenge all the
might of hell itself if it opposed the in-
satiable craving that obsessed their reck-
less determination.

  As they had shrewdly suspected, there
788

WEIRD TALES

could be no doubt but that in some by-
gone age a great river had swept through
this country, and the placid lake was the
last remnant of its greatness. For every-
where lay the evidence of gravel deposits
and naked outcropping of eroded rock
rising in low ridges above and between
the imprisoned detritus, just as the play
of flood and drought had filled the
chasms and scoured the rock crests free
of the burden the flow had for untold
ages laid on them. Numerous small
creeks had also furrowed the deposits
with deep gashes. At the lower extrem-
ity of the lake they came upon a twenty-
foot-wide overflow gliding and vanish-
ing into the gloom and tangle of the for-
est depths; so it was very probable that
a similar stream emptied itself into the
lake at the upper narrow end.

  It was as they neared this upper end
that Elkins had discovered in his pan
three tiny crimson fragments—the merest
grains, almost microscopic, but under a
pocket glass indisputably revealed as the
lure that had driven them through the
vast ranges and into this lonely land of
nightmare creations.

   "That settles it,” declared the finder
triumphantly. "All the devils from hell
may be hidden in there, but I’m going
through with it. After all, two .38s
aren’t a bad liile of argument to meet
any sort of damned brute with.”

  Though unvoiced, as they drew closer,
they had viewed with distrust and query
what was apparently the haunt of the
savage winged creatures and the scene of
the fierce uproar in the night. Of the
former they had no particular concern;
for they could not free themselves of the
impression that in spite of their weird
appearance and savagery, the things were
simply extraordinary birds, and as such
could hardly be reckoned as menacing
assailants; moreover, so long as cover
was handy and a sharp lookout main-

tained, they could easily evade an attack
by them. But the brutes that had fought
so savagely, and rent the very night with
their frightful uproar, and splintered
trees as though they were no more than
brittle reeds—these things were another
matter. For there could be no shadow of
doubt but such brutes must be enormous
and terrible antagonists. True, they were
inconceivable, incomprehensible, mon-
sters without name or history; neverthe-
less that did not make them any the less
solid and menacing facts, and likely as
not one might as well wear brown paper
as the armor of dauntless courage when
dealing with such gigantic savagery; and
these men were neither fools nor movie
heroes, but merely iron-souled prospec-
tors, accustomed, in the ordinary routine
of their business, to take many a long
chance in the gamble with death.

  But those tiny crimson grains had in-
stantly turned distrust into indifference,
and as Elkins had recklessly declared, the
forest might be a hive of escaped devils
but that wouldn’t hinder him from en-
tering it; and Haines growling his ap-
proval of the sentiment, without hesita-
tion they resumed their panning and
passed steadily on to whatever might be
awaiting them.

   Here the lake was no more than a half-
mile wide and rapidly narrowing to the
end about a like space distant. The out-
croppings were now rising into knolls
and low bluffs that invaded and vanished
in the fringing groves; and the banks of
gravel descended to rubble beaches in
sheer drops that topped the heads of the
treasure-seekers, now gravely exultant,
for pan after pan held in its crescent res-
idue more of the crimson grains, now
coarser and to be identified by the naked
eye as small rubies. It was plain that
somewhere beyond lay the storehouse that
had spilled these minute fragments of
its treasure abroad.
THE PRIMEVAL PIT

789

   Suddenly Haines called excitedly, "See
here, Joe!—that’s more like it!” and held
out the pan to Elkins, who had been
standing impatiently inactive; as they had
agreed that only one of them should pros-
pect while the other kept guard for assail-
ants; and Haines being the more adroit
and faster in handling his pan had per-
formed most of the washing after the
first little grains had delighted them.

  "Yes,” said Elkins enthusiastically,
"that sure is a pretty sight for sore eyes.”

  His hand dipped into the shallow pan
and picked out a little fragment the size
of a small white bean; and the blood
crimson of its fiery depths glowing as a
living spirit through the unpolished vit-
reous surface proclaimed certainly its
perfection and value. Even in that little
stone lay many a day’s provender and
simple luxuries for the finder.

  "That’s the start of-” began

Haines, but never finished the sentence;
for a yell from Elkins snapped it short.

  "Look out, Tom!—here’s another of
those devils!” he shouted in urgent warn-
ing, and before Haines had time to move
a finger he saw his companion’s rifle flick
to his shoulder and upward, and as the
crash of the instant explosion shattered
the deathly stillness and echoed from the
wall of forest, a dark mass not fifty feet
above them with thrashing wings shot
past and over the water.

  "Got him! between the eyes!” cried
Elkins jubilantly. "See, he’s falling!
Curse the blasted thing!” he added in
bitter triumph, as a hundred feet away
the ungainly evil-looking beast suddenly
went into a spinning headlong dive; for
a second it righted itself, then dropped
and with a hollow crash hit the water.
A vast convulsion of flailing leathery
wings sent the foam flying in clouds and
almost hid it from the watching men.
Then something happened that left them

breathless with amazement and staring
blankly at each other.

  "What was that? Did you see it, Joe?
—or am I crazy!” said Haines slowly as
he turned to stare again at the heaving
water where not a sign of the stricken
brute was visible and only the speeding
ripples were evidence of what had hap-
pened, and the monstrous nightmare
thing they had seen rise above the sur-
face and engulf what had lain there.

  "Crazy!” echoed Elkins angrily. "No,
but it will be a miracle if we both ain’t
before we get quit <?f this blasted pit;
for we’ve struck a land where nightmare
shapes are solid things and ordinary
facts ain’t got a leg to stand on. Crazy?
No, we ain’t crazy; it’s old Father Time
has got balled up in his bean, and spewed
out things that ain’t got no right to be
living. Of course it’s all crazy—but

by-, it’s facts!” cried Elkins harshly,

and Haines listened not at all understand-
ing what his partner was driving at.

   "What you’re spilling I ain’t got a no-
tion, Joe. But I do know that all the
gems in this hell-fired hole wouldn’t make
me cross that water. Why, a guy would
need a six-inch gun to tackle that unholy
dragon—I thought such things were kept
special for booze-soaked guys and fairy-
tales,” replied Haines as with a dazed
troubled stare he still regarded the heav-
ing water.

  "Well, this is how I size it up—but I
reckon we might as well get under cover
and have a bite while we palaver,” said
Elkins, turning to enter the grove of les-
ser growths that ribboned the wall of
giant forest.

A little way in they seated them-
selves on some mossy boulders, by
design opposite each other so as to com-
mand a view in every direction; and eat-
ing from a billy of cold boiled beans
Elkins gave his view of the conundrum.
i790

WEIRD TALES

  "Well, I reckon you’ll think I’m bugs
or dreaming, but it ain’t no crazier than
what we’ve seen,” said Elkins, lighting
his pipe after a hasty meal at which no
fire was lighted in case it might betray
them to unknown monsters. "Right here
I reckon we’re in a tight comer, and we’ll
have to keep our eyes skinned if we want
to get clear of it; but we’re on the track
of a fortune and I’m damned if I quit
without a try for it — ain’t that right,
Tom?” he gravely asked his partner.

  "Sure, that’s me,” replied Haines
simply.

  "Now you saw that gray white thing
widi a head like a Chinese devil and the
size of a big barrel, and a great gash of
a long-toothed jaw, blunt-ended and all
whiskery like seaweed, and the yellow
and slime of the inside of it, which was
like to make a guy vomit, as that gash
grabbed at the winged devil flogging the
water with its fifteen-foot stretch of wing
—just a snap and it was gone, easy as a
trout flicks up a fly skimming above it.
Now what sort of a beast that we are wise
to could get away with a mouthful like
that?”

  "None I ever heard tell of,” replied
Haines with conviction.

  "Or those winged uglies—or the rack-
et put up by the things that ramped some-
where around here last night. Seems like
it numbs the brain just to think of it; but
there’s one sort of answer, and it fits like
a glove every one of the crazy shapes
we’ve set eyes on. They’re all quite na-
tural in the notion, so I don’t see no way
out of it. First along, those blasted trees
started me thinking; then birds without
feathers and wicked as Satan gave me a
jolt that really set memory working, for
it wasn’t possible to make a mistake over
things like those. I couldn’t believe it,
but a kid would have noted how like
they were to the pictures in books telling
about such queer brutes; and now this

great water devil—I tell you, Tom, all
are wrote about in the books I’ve studied
odd times. Beasts that ramped around
Lord only knows how many hundred
thousand years back, and whose bones are
sometimes found a hundred foot deep in
solid stone. I can’t call to mind but few
of the names the highbrows tag them
with, mostly Latin and Greek I reckon,
but that winged thing was a Peter —
something or other, and the dragon the
spit of a breed labeled Dinosaurs. I’ve
turned it over and over but I can’t get
away from it but these damned freaks are
the same as what were in those books—
what they call prehistoric monsters. If
that’s the truth of it, then me and you,
Tom, are up against a hard proposition,
for some of those beasts stood twenty
feet high and could bolt us whole with-
out any chewing,” he declared thought-
fully, as carefully knocking the ashes
from his pipe on to a bare rock he eyed
them in frowning abstraction.

  "Twenty feet!” repeated Haines, and
then was silent in contemplation of the
hugeness it pictured.

  "Sure, in a museum they got a leg-
bone as thick as your middle,” assured
Elkins with the parental pride of your
true scientist.

  "But if those things cashed in all that
while back, how do you reckon some
chance to be still living down here?”
queried Haines with a pertinacity for de-
tail not uncommonly met with in men of
his practical type.

  "Well, I dunno—I ain’t wise to that,”
admitted Elkins shortly. "Maybe about
a million years back the land had a jolt
that let drop this plateau in a solid chunk,
and so walled the brutes in as a prison and
whatever was the cause of the breed pass-
ing out couldn’t get at them. But that’s
just a guess; all we’re dead sure of is what
we’ve clapped our eyes on—and no logic
or learning can give the lie to that,” he
THE PRIMEVAL PIT

791

asserted simply. And as his past studies
could afford no further light on the mat-
ter, and time and fate were hard on their
heels, they left discussion to a time of more
leisure. For their mode of life had bred
in their blood an impatience of inaction
and mere words, and a strong bias in favor
of decision and instant action when dan-
ger threatened. Moreover, they had no
thought of abandoning the search before
they had satisfied themselves one way or
another if fortune was hid there or not.

   Foot by foot they sampled the gravel
banks, though by reason of frequent halts
to listen intently and scan the way ahead
their progress was much retarded. But
far or near nothing stirred, and the quia
was as that of a painted picture or the si-
lence of the dead, and over all as a shroud
lay the stifling heat in which their pigmy
figures, seemingly no more important than
maggots bred in festering filth, ceaselessly
nibbled at Mother Earth as they slowly
pressed onward.

   So they came to the lake’s extremity,
where a deep creek entered it between the
high banks of a conglomerate of clay and
pebble of cement-like hardness. The
banks became more lofty a little way in
and the gloom of the dense forest roof
imparted an intangible air of mystery and
menace to the narrow passage. Even their
hardihood disliked its treacherous appear-
ance and for a moment they hesitated, in
doubt if it would not be better to recon-
noiter the vicinity somewhat. But im-
patience overruled prudence, for the pan
had proved that the nearer they ap-
proached this somber channel the dirt be-
came richer, and though no stone equaled
the one in Haines’ pouch, yet nearly a
dozen fragments now lay there almost as
well worth the saving.

   "We got to chance it!” said Elkins im-
patiently after a few seconds’ survey.
"Might take an hour to run over the
ground, and then a brute could amble

along any moment; besides, if we go
quiet, the rush of the water and height of
the banks will hide us from sight or hear-
ing of anything not actually staring down
on us,” he urged, reasonably enough.

  "That's right,” said Haines. "And if
ever I saw a likely spot for fossicking it’s
right ahead of us,” he added with the fever
of the search firing his voice.

Without further hesitation they en-
tered the cutting, and making their
way along a narrow edge of rubble that
lay at each side of the water were soon
absorbed again in panning, though as
before only Haines did the washing while
Elkins remained on guard.

  At once it became apparent that their
high expectations stood some chance of
being justified, for pan after pan be-
queathed more of the crimson pebbles to
their pouches, even now and again a spec-
imen larger than the one first placed there.

  "Why, Joe, we must have a tidy stake
on us right now,” said Haines as he hand-
ed his partner another fragment to pouch.

   "Depends on their quality, but I reckon
they’re beauties—maybe five hundred
dollars lays on us this moment,” replied
Elkins, adjudging the weight in his hand;
for though no expert, yet his knowledge
of gems was greater than his partner’s.

   "Then even if there ain’t nothing larg-
er in this dirt, still we could scrape a small
fortune out of it in a few days’ panning,”
exclaimed Haines, anxiously waiting for
a corroboration of the statement.

  But Elkins made no answer, instead
stood keenly eyeing the opposite bank
where a stray spear of sunlight had lit on
a vein of dark pebbles recently exposed
by a miniature landslide of the dirt and
trailing vines that had faced them.

  Haines looked up in surprize at his
partner’s sudden apathy. "Hear any-
thing?” he queried in a low voice.

  "No,” replied Elkins slowly, then
792

WEIRD TALES

sighed deeply as though just awakened.

'But take a squint over there, will you?
—if that ain’t what we’re after, then it’s
damned like it!” And Haines after one
sharp look at the extremity of the light
shaft agreed with the speaker.

  "Holy prophets!” he exclaimed; "it’s
like as though a crimson fire burned
there!” And he stared at the glowing
spot that the spear point rested on. An
eye of flaming light at least a couple of
inches in diameter, it seemed as truly liv-
ing as any wild feline’s they had ever
gazed on.

  "I reckon this water ain’t more than
waist-high,” was all that Elkins said, as,
slipping off his pack, he raised it shoulder-
high, and with rifle gripped in the hand
of the circling arm he led the way into
the black waters.

“T reckon we’d better stop and beat it,
A Joe,” said Haines hoarsely, "or we’ll
be toting back common pebbles. I can’t
trust my eyes no longer to tell one from
the other,” he complained in a shaking
voice.

  For some while they had been working
feverishly but silently, the first burst of
incredulous wonder having burnt itself
out in the succeeding realization that each
stone they handled was without ques-
tion a gem of the* first water, and the
storehouse they lay in apparently inex-
haustible. A vein a bare six inches wide
running diagonally across a face of clay
and common rubble, it meandered from
the beach several feet upward; and every
other stone they picked from it was a
blood-red precious gem. Many the size
of a large filbert, a few the bigness of a
walnut, and a couple of magnificent finds,
lay beside the pile between them, the size
and shape of an ordinary hen’s egg. Even
from the debris that had sloughed from
the wall could have been garnered a pail-
ful of lesser stones; but with such a trea-

sure chest in front of them these were
neglected. Their pouches early had been
filled to bursting, so they had hastily
scooped a hollow in the loose rubble and
set their finds in it. Just a pile of glow-
ing crimson pebbles, but the least among
them would equal in value the figure
earned by twelve months of hard labor.

  Wealth beyond avarice! It was no
dream; stone by stone they had handled
it. At last Fate had smiled on them; but
behind her apparent kindliness lay a
taunting jeer of malice, as with one hand
she thrust her gift upon them, while the
other had already the fingers crooked to
snatch away her treasures.

  Likely the noise of the water—for
though an unhurried flow and at most
points quite fordable, yet close above a
ridge of rock made a swirl of clamorous
rapids—and the sharp bend in the creek
just below had held them unaware of the
approach of the enormous thing that
came shuffling along the creek bed and
suddenly appeared from around the turn-
ing not a hundred yards below the intent
workers, who had recklessly abandoned
all pretense of caution, and indeed, for
the moment had forgotten everything save
their delirious greed in the discovery.

  The colossal thing ceased to shuffle,
and craning its long thick neck forward
stared eagerly at the pigmy figures; then
snuffed at the air suspiciously, as though
the odor of the human species was some-
thing new and incomprehensible. And
the sound of that vast inhalation was as
the sough of a sudden blast of wind amid
the forest tops.

  In a flash the bent figures had whirled
around, and each had swept up his rifle
and snapped the safety catch wide open.
But in the same second all thought of
using such insignificant weapons had de-
serted them; for obviously it was an inane
absurdity to dream of tackling such a
monstrous creature with anything less ef-
THE PRIMEVAL PIT

793

fective than a field gun, or preferably a
trench mortar. Never had they imagined
that anything so vast, unnatural and sav-
age-looking could exist even in that lair
of horrific things. It was so entirely out
of prpportion with its surroundings, as
though it had been intended for a much
larger scheme of creation, but by some
mishap had strayed to our planet where
the Lilliputian hills and trees and living
things could never be anything save a con-
temptible substitute for the majestic ob-
jects it was exiled from.

  Fully three times the height of a very
tall man, it towered nearly a half of its
height above the banks as it stood erect on
huge hind limbs very similar to those of
a kangaroo; and though hidden by the
water very probably there lay below an
abnormal length of foot, so marked a fea-
ture in the marsupial. But this was no
harmless giant of that innocent species;
for its upper half bore a striking resem-
blance to an enormous crocodile, being
covered with a yellowish scaly armor, and
the short forelimbs, though thick as a
man’s thigh, were taloned as a saurian and
plainly had no part in the brute’s locomo-
tion, while the frightful head and jaws,
though a solid mass of horn and hooked
at the extremity of what could only be
termed the upper mandible, had the blunt
end and rapacious hugeness of a croco-
dile’s. One could imagine cattle and
horses being torn to pieces by that terri-
ble beak as easily as a hawk picks the
bones of a chicken.

  The whole effect was paralyzing; there
was about it such an air of irresistible
might, diabolical savagery, and such a
sensed mixing of the species, a welding
of bird, beast, and reptile, that it deprived
the aghast men of the power of rational
thought, and all they could conceive in
the line of action was an instant flight.

  "Quick, Tom!” whispered Elkins
hoarsely. "Mount my shoulder; we must

get out of this! I’ll sling the packs up,
and you give me a hand—if we’re quick
I reckon we may make it.”

  As he spoke he leapt in a flash to the
top of a near-by heap of rubble that, fallen
from the bank, had made a step nearly
waist-high up it. In a second Haines
had mounted the stooped back, and swung
from there to the bank’s crest. Without
a fraction of a second’s pause two packs
landed beside him as he hung over with
arm outstretched and gripped Elkins’ up-
flung fingers.

  Normally both men.were as hard as
wire nails and as active as mountain goats,
and now speeded up by the appalling
sight so close to them the move was com-
pleted almost as smoothly and rapidly as
the swoop of an eagle on its quarry. Yet
none too soon did Elkins’ feet rest on the
bank’s crest; for as he tore through the
trailing vines the gigantic brute hurtled
toward them in a flying leap that covered
nearly a third of the space between. The
splash of its landing sent a great wave
crashing nearly to each bank’s summit,
and a slash of spray that drove like hail
to the brush above. Just in the flick of
an eyelid the two men saw this as they
slipped their arms through the pack
straps; then they were tearing through
the thick, fringing brush, keeping close
to each other.

  "Make for the wall we dropped down,
Tom—we got to get quit of this hellish
hole somehow, and I reckon that blasted
thing isn’t a climber,” called Elkins as
they tore free of the brush and came into

the tall timber. "By-! It’s up and

after us!” he exclaimed as there came a
tremendous crash in the tangle behind
them. "Beat it for all you’re worth! don’t
chance hiding,” he admonished urgently.

  Possibly they had a couple of hundred
yards start of their pursuer; but what was
that, when, as they had seen, the creature
could cover a hundred feet at a single leap
794

WEIRD TALES

and a thicket hindered it no more than so
much dried grass? Luckily the tangle
had been but a fringe of jungle luxuriat-
ing in the stronger light seeping through
the scantier foliage above the creek; be-
yond this lay the tall timber where the
underbrush was negligible, for the eleva-
tion of the plateau forbade the mad riot
of vegetation engendered in the steaming
plains a thousand miles to the east of it.
Of course it was by no means easy going,
and one unaccustomed to such gloomy
depths would have been hopelessly lost in
five minutes, but these men sensed direc-
tion as instantly and certainly as any wild
creature, and though they made a hun-
dred slight deviations to avoid clumps of
lesser growths, yet they held true to the
goal they aimed at, and laden as they were
with pack and rifle tore ahead at a furious
pace.

  Crash after crash sounded close behind
them, often so close that they feared the
next second would bring the terrible
thing hurtling on them. But apparently
its amazing mode of locomotion was here
a hindrance to its progress, for many of
the young growths were too stout for even
its great bulk to splinter, and too close
together for it to penetrate. So very soon
it came to the fleeing men that for all the
brute’s gigantic leaps and huge thews yet
they were holdirig their own and might
continue to do so until their strength
failed them.

  Whether it hunted by sound or scent,
it was very certain of every step they had
taken; for though several times by abrupt
turns and swervings they essayed to evade
detection yet the thud and crash followed
always behind them. Shortly instinct in-
formed them that they were obliquely
closing on the point where they had
dropped from the heights above, and also
knew that soon the pace must slacken, for
their heaving chests and thumping hearts
seemed bound in by red-hot iron bands

that every moment were growing tighter
and more agonizing.

  Had it not been for the heavy packs
they would have thought little of such a
race, and probably could soon have left
the brute far behind them; but the lack of
those packs would spell the end of their
prospecting and entail hardship that even
they would flinch from; as for their rifles,
in such a remote spot the loss of them
would almost certainly be a death war-
rant; to such men things like these are sa-
cred and only to be surrendered with life
itself.

   "We got to let up for a spell soon, Joe!”
panted Haines, whose heavy build felt the
strain more than his partner’s sparer flesh.

  "Hold on, Tom!” encouraged his part-
ner anxiously. "Just to that clump ahead
—we’ll slip around it and try out a few
pills on this blasted brute—he’s got to
slow up coming round it and that will give
us a chance to fix his lamps for him!” he
cried savagely.

  Crash! again came the splintering of
young timber as the brute alighted not
many hundred feet distant behind them;
though save for infrequent more open
spaces the giant growths were so thick
together that the creature had little chance
to display its prodigious leaping ability,
and hindered by its vast bulk its progress
had been no more rapid than that of the
fleeing men.

   Putting their last ounce of flagging mus-
cle into it, they dashed to the clump ahead,
tore through the thick barrier and raced
to its nearest extremity. Behind a mas-
sive bole and a wide lane between them
they awaited the brute’s coming. Each
knew that failure spelt the end of every-
thing for at least one of them, but now
their nerves were as calm and steady as
the giant growths they pressed tight
against; for many a time before had each
man’s life lain in the pressing of a trig-
THE PRIMEVAL PIT

795

ger, and so far they had no reason to doubt
the efficacy of such a line of argument.

  Thud! the thing had hurled itself to
the barrier, and for a moment by the harsh
rending and straining sounds the listen-
ers knew that it was vainly essaying to
force a passage through the stout stems.
There was something strangely bird-like
in the imbecility of the action, and one
might imagine that a giant stupid fowl
was there dashing itself against a barrier
of wire-netting. But in a moment the
beast part of it took the ascendancy and
with sudden decision it ceased to assail
the barrier, and in a leap came to the lower
end, where the way was open; and now
there was more than a hint of the reptile
in the writhing shuffle of its turning and
the manner in which the horrible head
flicked from side to side as though unde-
cided which trail of scent to follow. So
it shuffled forward a few yards and came
right between the waiting men; just
caught a glimpse of one of the strange-
odored things it had chased—and then
the light winked out forever in the shat-
tering report of two rifle shots blended
together.

  After that, chaos! indescribable cata-
clysmic unleashed primeval energy spill-
ing its titanic force in convulsions of enor-
mous muscles. Here! there! soaring in
huge bounds in every direction, crashing
into young growths and smashing them
to splinters; ramming great boles with in-
credible thunderous impact that the very
giants shivered under and for a second
the battering-ram lay a quivering moun-
tain of flesh below them; again to shoot
upward in another convulsion and repeat
the performance in another direction.

  Now the bird spirit entirely controlled
it; for on an infinitely magnified scale of
space and time it was duplicating the riot
of intense reflex action displayed by a de-
capitated chicken.

For some moments the men had their
work cut out to avoid the terrific
hurtlings of these monstrous convulsions;
but shortly the first violence of the out-
burst had exhausted itself and the inter-
vals grew longer between the spasms, and
after one stupendous crash it lay stretched
on the ground with its immense muscles
bunching and twitching in waves of fast-
diminishing virility; and then Haines risked
a dash across to his partner.

  "Ain’t that the limit!” exclaimed Elkins
as the two stood staring at the heaving
brute.

  'Tm darned if we ain’t fixed him!”
cried Haines exultantly.

  "Just luck,” replied the other man.
"Those pills, or one of them, threaded its
gray matter—likely no bigger than a hen’s
egg either; but being dumdum they
scooped it clean. It’s a stroke of luck
that I ain’t stuck on running up against
again,” he added thoughtfully.

  "What would you reckon it is, Joe?”
queried Haines in a tone of awed wonder.

  "Search me!—though I did see a pic-
ture in the book that wasn’t a bad likeness
of the brute, but I don’t call to mind what
they named it,” replied Elkins, knitting
his brows in an unavailing effort of mem-
ory. "But whatever it is, maybe its dad
and ma ain’t dead, and like as not it had
a mate, and I ain’t dyin’ to meet any of
them. So I guess we better go find a
way of quitting this nightmare,” he de-
clared emphatically.

  "And pass up a fortune?” remonstrated
Haines moodily.

  "I don’t see no way out of it—we ain’t
fixed for tackling such devils. This brute
got his by a chance that might not happen
again in another hundred years. No, I
ain’t scared of taking chances, but it’s
crazy to tackle these brutes with pea-shoot-
ers like we got. Next time we’ll have the
796

WEIRD TALES

right dope along with us,” he asserted
grimly.

  "Next time!” repeated Haines with sur-
prize and great content. ’’That’s right—
of course there’ll be another day in our
calendar. And what we got pouched will
give some style to that outfit.”

  "Sure, we’ll have hardware that can
throw an ounce ball through armor plate,
explosive shells to tickle ’em, and a case
or two of dynamite—oh yes! we’ll have
the dope all right,” agreed Elkins sav-
agely. "But now we’d better get out of
this as quick as we can beat it—though I
reckon the brutes keep most to the water-
ways, and likely there’s other lakes hid
away in the forest where grub is handy for
them—still keep your eyes skinned; may-
be I’m wrong.”

  After a moment’s delay while they lis-
tened intently for any sound that might
betray that the great uproar had disturbed
other frightful life in the vicinity, and
failing to catch the faintest murmur in
the absolute stillness that surrounded
them, the two men picked up the packs
they had hastily discarded just before the
monster came between them, and with a
last stare of fierce loathing at the mon-
strous carcass still pulsing with immense
primeval virility, they left a scene that
looked as though a battery of field guns
had recently swdpt it.

Midway in the afternoon they were
back at the spot where they had
first descended from the surrounding deso-
lation. For miles they had followed the
great wall westward and come on no spot
that offered the faintest hope of ascent.
Always the sheer heights rose in frowning
bluffs that nothing lacking wings could
surmount; and at last in despair they had
retraced their steps to scan again the
feasibility of what looked like their only
hope of escape.

  "I dunno,” said Elkins slowly, "but it

might be possible—save for that twenty
foot in the middle,” he added, pointing
to a spot about half-way up, where the
face of the bluff for a dozen feet seemed
as smoothly shining as a pane of glass
and not the slightest indication of a
crevice or a prominence was visible.

   "One could give another a lift from the
ledge below it,” replied Haines with no
great surety of tone. "But the first up
couldn’t stir a finger to help the one be-
low until he had climbed another dozen
feet.”

   The fact was patent, for just above the
glassy surface lay a stretch of sheer bluff
where it would mean instant disaster for
one ascending to endeavor to aid another.
Apart from this the ascent was just possi-
ble to men with the iron nerves and mus-
cles possessed by the two surveying it.

  For a moment his partner was silent,
apparently lost in deep consideration of
the problem; then he observed abruptly:
"It ain’t no use foolin’ about it; there’s a
show for one to make it—but not a chance
in the world for the other. One of us
must stop while the other beats it across
the hills for a length of rope to fish him
out with. I don’t see no way out of it.
For we got to move quick—the grub will
just hold out to make that trip, and to go
hunting around any lake down here is no
more than plain suicide,” he added coolly.

  "But Joe,” Haines expostulated, "ten
days is the least one could make Arenas in,
and that’s the nearest settlement. That
means twenty days for one of us alone in
this damned hole!” And he was silent
as he imagined the experience.

  "Well, what of it? There’s ledges
around here where one could lie safe
enough night times, and keeping hid day-
time I reckon one could last out that long.
Anyway we got to chance it, for there
ain’t a single liana to be found this high
up,” said Elkins, summing the situation
briefly.
THE PRIMEVAL PIT

797

    "Yes,” said Haines very quietly, "and
 who do you reckon is stopping?” .

    "Why, 1 am!” replied Elkins sharply.

   "You’re wrong, Joe, I am,” stated
 Haines as simply as a god might deliver
 an unalterable fiat. Elkins stared half
 fiercely, half whimsically at his partner.

    "Of course a stick of dynamite couldn’t
 budge you once you got your mule’s mind
 set, but here’s the answer!” said he with
 a half smile as stooping he picked from
 the rubble a couple of small fragments.
 "See, one’s quartz, other’s granite. You
 do the picking, and the guy who gets the
 quartz, he stops. Ain’t that square?” he
 queried gravely.

    "I guess so,” agreed Haines unwilling-

  ty-

    At once the stones were swirled around
 in a hat by Elkins, who then with a quick
 move turned it over on a flat slab, slid
 his hand underneath and withdrew the
 clenched fist with a fragment inside it.

   "Now, which is which?” he asked
 quietly.

    "White,” replied Haines touching the
 clenched fingers, which thereupon fell
 open—and on to the slab tinkled a little
 granite fragment.

    "That’s that,” said Elkins as cheerfully
  as though he had won a lottery. "Now
  we’ll get busy; sooner you beat it the bet-
  ter. Wouldn’t tote more than gun, billy,
  and grub; take the fishline up with you
  and I’ll come down and hook them on,”
  said he, referring to the stout line that lies
  ,, in the pack of every prospector.

    And after a little argument over the
 division of the beans, wherein Haines had
 his way by simply stating that "if you
 send up an ounce over a third of them
 I’ll dump the lot over the edge,” and ar-
 ranging that whether he found a way up
 or not Elkins would return to this spot
 before the twentieth day, the two men
 stepped to the point where they had agreed
 ascent was most feasible.

  At the foot of the wall Haines turned
with troubled eyes and growled, "Say,
Joe, won’t you let me off this? If we kept
on going there must be some break in the
blasted wall.”

  "Did it seem that way from up there?”
queried Elkins, shaking his head. And
Haines could not deny but everywhere the
towering battlements had appeared as an
unbroken line of sheer precipice, not in
frequently more lofty than the crest they
stood on.

  "Curse the hellish hole!” broke out
Haines harshly. "Ip’s bewitched! Just

thirty feet of rope or hide would-”

and then he was dumb as a light of im-
mense wonder swept into his eyes. Then
suddenly he was laughing, deeply and
joyfully though almost noiselessly.

  "What’s the joke?” queried Elkins in
surprize.

   "If we ain’t a couple of kids in white
nighties!” cried Haines contemptuously
though very contentedly. "Why, there’s
more line than we can use lying not ten
minutes from us right now!”

  "Line! Where?” snapped Elkins.

   "Why, the underside of that great brute
—isn’t there many a thirty-foot length of
hide on it?—strong enough I reckon to
swing an elephant aloft,” declared Haines.

  "Well, I’m damned! Come on!” was
all Elkins said at all printable.

“TVText time we’ll shin up and down

  1^1 a rope ladder,” said Haines as he
laid aside the knotted lengths of greasy
rawhide with which they had just hauled
up their gear from a ledge forty feet be-
low them. "I ain’t stuck on this human
fly business—with maybe any minute a
poke in the spine from some winged
devil.”

  "I own the same notion gave me the
cold shivers as we hung by our eyelashes
on some of those ticklish places. Yes, I
798

WEIRD TALES

guess next time we’ll be fixed for a little
straight talk with those hellish things,”
agreed Elkins very heartily as he stood
watching the approaching night draw its
dusky veil across the still forest-covered
depths.

  And then from afar there sped through
the gloom a cry, so great, so bestial, so
seeped in frightful emotion, that it

seemed the whole universe must be lis-
tening aghast at the immensity of its virile
ferocity and utter devilishness.

  "The world in the making,” muttered
Elkins the scientist.

  “A stick of dynamite will shut your
warbling,” growled Haines savagely; and
then the two turned to seek their night’s
shelter.

funei • from yuGGOtH

by mp,L©vfcawT

                        5.	THE BELLS

                    Year after year I heard that faint, far ringing
                    Of deep-toned bells on the black midnight wind;

                    . Peals from no steeple I could ever find,

                   But strange, as if across some great void winging.

                  I searched my dreams and memories for a clue,

                   And thought of all the chimes my visions carried;

                  Of quiet Innsmouth, where the white gulls tarried
                  Around an ancient spire that once I knew.

                   Always perplexed I heard those far notes falling,

                  Till one March night the bleak rain splashing cold
                  Beckoned me back through gateways of recalling
                  To elder towers where the mad clappers tolled.
                  They tolled—but from the sunless tides that pour
                  Through sunken valleys on the sea’s dead floor.
TaJes- of- the-Wereuiolf •

Again the small craft of the harrying
English outmaneuvered the unwieldy
Spanish vessels. Again a raking dis-
charge of chain shot and a hail of balls
from sakers, falcons, and bastard cul-
verins spread destruction along the three
decks of the towering galleon. The
scuppers ran red again at the discharge
as though the fabric of the vessel itself
was bleeding.

  It was the year of our Lord, 1588. The
day, August 9th, and the scene, the
Battle of Gravelines.

  It had been a running fight; Medina
Sidonia had hoped till the last to con-
nect with the Duke of Parma and to be
reinforced, but fire-ships and gales had
scattered his fleet and the deadly fire of

                                    799

  1.	The Wreck of the Santa Ysabel

   "The weather, though it is June, is as wild as
December. No one remembers such a season. It
is the more strange since we are on the business
of the Lord, and some reason there must be for
what has befallen us.”

  (Letter of Duke of Medina Sidonia to Philip
II, King of Spain, from Corunna.)

  ”God caused the winds to blow and they were
scattered!”

   (Inscription on English medals, struck to com-
memorate the Armada’s defeat.)

  A LL day the shot-torn Santa Ysabel
/■% had wallowed down the Channel,
her deck, ill-manned, a welter of
corpses. Now as night drew on, the gal-
leon, with her sister ships of the once
great Armada, prepared to stand and
fight.

  The engagement was brief and deadly.
800

WEIRD TALES

the swift English privateers had mowed
down the soldiers on his unwieldy
troop-ships until from being over-
manned, the galleons were in danger of
running ashore for lack of able hands.

  Far from Parma, the Battle of Grave-
lines was in progress. The eagle forma-
tion which had been of such value in the
Battle of Lepanto was still maintained.
Heavy galleons for the body, lighter
ones, including galleasses, for the wings,
and troop-ships making up the tail of the
fighting bird.

  Against Hawkins—Achines the Span-
ish called him with revilings—and Drake
—El Draque, or the Dragon—this clumsy
formation had beaten along intact, save
for the loss of here and there a straggler
that lagged too far behind. Now the two
powers were locked in the final battle of
the ten days’ flight. All that remained to
fight were forty ships after the fire-ships
had scattered the fleet; the greater part
were far to leeward and driving toward
the banks of Dunkirk.

  The English fire went through and
through the Santa Ysabel, when the can-
nons and culverins spoke, with force
enough to shatter a rock. No ship had
struck its colors, though the English fleet
had lain yard-arm to yard-arm, and the
Spaniards had endured five hours of
being torn to pieces by cannon-shot.

  At three hours before sunset the firing
had blended into a continuous roar of
sound. Deafened gunners served the
small demi-culverins and falconets, which
were all that remained of the Santa
Ysab el’s armament. From the maintop
nothing could be made out through the
smoke, but below in the pall, pinnace
and barque drew near the galleon, dis-
charged their broadsides and gave place
to the next.

  Here and there a Spanish fly-boat, a
gunboat manned with oars, slid through

the fighting, met a pinnace and sank it,
but these now were very few.

  There was no flinching on the decks of
the Santa Ysabel. While the air shook
with the roar of the artillery, priests
went up and down under the hottest fire,
crucifix in hand, confessing and absolv-
ing the dying.

  To the patter of drum-beats and a cry
of "Saint George for Merrie England!” a
privateer drew close and lodged a volley
in the galleon’s hull. A hoarse cheer
went up from dry throats when a cough-
ing roar and a burst of white flame
showed that the Spanish magazine had
exploded.

  Had it not been for the fact that the
powder was nearly gone, that would
have been the end of the Santa Ysabel at
once, but although crippled she did not
sink, drifting with fire showing through
her ports and swathed in black clouds of
smoke.

  “Boarding party, away!” rang out from
below, as the doughty little bark pre-
pared to close with the giant, but before
this could take place there came an
interruption.

  From behind the flaming galleon, a
galleass, like a many-legged water-bug,
came striding out in all its pomp of
swinging oars and engaged the bark.
Banners flew free and gay as they met,
but a well-directed chain shot brought
low the Spanish standard and a storm of
balls felled the mainmast, along with a
fallen sail that billowed over the rowing
pit and which was straightway set aflame
with a pot of wildfire.

  A second volley crashed into the
galleass between wind and water, and
with a burst of bubbles and frenzied
screams the craft heeled over and went
down, taking with her soldiers, sailors
and two hundred chained and helpless
galley slaves.

  This short and decisive battle had dis-

                 W. T—5
THE MASTER FIGHTS

801

tracted the attention of the English from
the Santa Ysabel, a mistake that was
brought to their attention when their
sails flapped uselessly beneath the moun-
tainous side of the galleon.

  Red-hot cannon-balls now fell from
the heights into the hold of the bark and
the galleon limped along after her con-
sorts, still burning in isolated spots, but
leaving the bark behind her; a pillar of
fire which presently subsided into the
cloud-darkened sea.

  Before sunset the wind rose, the firing
ceased, and the smoky canopy drifted
away.

  Far behind the mass of the Spanish
fleet, the Santa Ysabel’s condition was
desperate. The soldiers, though few, out-
numbered the seamen and snatched con-
trol, chose their own course and forced
the pilot to steer where they pleased. The
natural result was, that after a miserable
night, spent in attending to the wounded,
throwing overboard the dead and exam-
ining into the injuries of the vessel, they
had lagged behind so far that the fleet
was barely in sight.

  There was no fresh water, and no pow-
der save what was in the loaded guns on
deck and a few muskets below. A hun-
dred and four men walked the deck,
haggard, desperate and hopeless. They
were entering the North Sea, but at
present were in water that was shoaling
every moment, so that they could see the
yellow foam where the waves broke on
the banks. The English hung, menacing
and grim, a mile on the weather quarter,
but drawing more water than the galleon,
they did not advance.

  About noon, after prayers, the wind
shifted to the southwest, and with the
remaining rags of sail, the Santa Ysabel
wore away from the shallows. The Eng-
lish followed as she plunged forward
into the North Sea, but seemed satisfied
W. T — 6

to let the elements finish the work they
had begun.

  Two days later they passed the mouth
of the Forth, and the dogging fleet
turned back. No nearer the tatters of the
Armada, the Santa Ysabel sailed on, her
crew reduced by half.

  A ghastly proof of the suffering and
famine ahead in the fleet was given the
followers in the morning. The mutilated
galleon sailed on through the forenoon,
through the carcasses of many hundreds
of mules and horses that had been flung
overboard in the night to save water for
the men.

  The Santa Ysabel kept up the forlorn
pursuit, in a rising gale, as far as die
Orkneys, passed those surf-lashed coasts
in weadier that steadily grew more wild,
and fell in with two other galleons in as
ill case as herself, learning from them
that the fleet had separated, each vessel
for itself. The three passed down the
wild west coasts of the Hebrides, were
scattered again in a furious storm, and
with fourteen still living, the Santa
Ysabel beat on toward Ireland.

  The other two were splintered on the
iron cliffs of Connaught and those of
their crews that escaped the skenes and
axes of the wild Irish, tempted by plun-
der, were shot or hanged on the spot by
the English troops garrisoned there.

IT was night around the Santa Ysabel.
Away to port, somewhere in the dark-
ness, a flare of ruddy light lit up the
surging clouds. Seconds after, a rumbling
came sullenly over the dark water. Some-
where, a commander, radier than be taken
or wrecked upon the inhospitable coast,
had thrown a torch into his powder
magazine and gone with all his dreams
of conquest.

  Leon Gunnar leaned on the four-foot-
thick bulwark, famine-weakened and
thirsty, wondering if those unknown dead
802

WEIRD TALES

were happier in the sea or were more at
rest than they had been before the crash
of exploding powder had reft them of
their earthly problems. The doubt, hang-
ing in his mind, had kept him for days
from ending his misery in the sea.

  Long days and nights of dread, with-
out hope, the galleon had driven along,
fever delirium speaking in hellish screams
and oaths from below. Leon was grateful
that the ship was free from that horror
at last.

  Low in the water, a seam having
opened a few hours before, the survivors
floated toward the Irish coast. Leon de-
bated incuriously the probable mode of
his death. Would they sink, before they
were smashed against the rocks of Sligo
Bay? He hardly cared; the end was the
same in either event, it seemed.

  The officers had long been gone, and
many of the crew had died in the hope-
less struggle for home, died from sheer
exhaustion and overwork. Four days, a
mate had been captain of the galleon.
For four days and nights he had not slept.
On the morning of the fifth day, Leon
recalled, the mate had looked red-eyed
into the rising sun, had smiled myste-
riously at some one he thought he saw
there, and mounting the bulwark, had
stepped open-armed toward the sunrise
and the Friend whose name was—Death.

  Far behind in the waste of tossing
water shone a following light, twinkling,
waving, unsteady as though it winked
and signaled at the iron-bound lantern
upon the Santa Ysabel’s carved high
poop.

  Leon ran back, lifted the lantern and
waved it from side to side. The thought
of a following Spanish vessel was dis-
pelled, when faint and dulled by distance
came the sound of an English cheer
above the slap and spatter of the driving
spume along the high unwieldy stern.

  Leon let the lantern fall into the sea

and ran forward to where the weary men
slaved at the pumps. Beaten by the howl-
ing wind and driving rain, they made all
sail possible, and slid a trifle faster
toward the deadly coast.

  When morning came, it found the
Santa Ysabel all but a derelict hulk, an-
other mast carried away and only a rag
of canvas giving steerage way. Terribly
near and menacing spun a pursuing pin-
nace, a cockleshell of a boat, but filled
with dauntless hearts. Its captain, too
late to join the Gravelines battle, had
sworn to turn back only as master of a
galleon, and at last spied his long-sought
quarry, but a quarter of a league away.
Steadily the little Vindictive bore down
upon the wallowing titan and an hour
after sunrise opened fire. Her third shot,
unanswered from the Santa Ysabel,
smashed through the galleon’s rudder
and crippled her, like a hamstrung el-
ephant.

  The Spanish vessel swung about and
lay in the trough of the seas, careening
wildly, foam spurting over the stumps of
masts.

  The English howled and drew close. In
the melee, a round shot had hulled the
Santa Ysabel, adding a new menace to the
surviving invaders. Through this rent,
water poured into the hold from a myriad
widening seams, now opened, now closed
by the strain of the twisting seas.

  The Vindictive drew alongside, and a
sailor roped high on the single mast, with
a dozen or more muskets beside him in
the cask that did duty as a fighting-top,
picked off one by one the sweating heart-
sick Spaniards that manned the pumps.
From different quarters of the deck, a
spatter of shots answered, but none took
effect, while the replying fire shortly
ceased, for their powder at last was ex-
hausted.

  Suspecting a ruse, the pinnace sheered
off, sending a chain shot screaming
THE MASTER FIGHTS

803

through a yard, which fell, crushing two
and hiding Leon Gunnar in a fold of
canvas. He felt himself wrapped in a
crushing tangle of cordage that bit and
stung like steel whips; a bight of the
cord tightened about his throat and short
indeed was the painful pressure, for
shots, cries, shrieking wind and booming
seas melted together into a solemn bass
organ note and silence and darkness shot
with fire.

  Again the English drove close, while
the sailor at the masthead, in a wreath of
smoke, swung a hissing missile about his
head and hurled it upon the galleon’s
deck. The earthen pot of wildfire broke
and let loose its devouring contents, which
flamed blue and green but quickly sput-
tered out beneath a douche of sand wet
with vinegar that had been prepared in
expectation of such an attack.

  Then, to the surprize of all, a quick
shift of wind and a towering sea con-
spired together and smashed the Vindic-
tive, all too near, against the rugged side
of the Santa Ysabel, crushing in the
weaker vessel.

  A few of the English, clinging to the
scrollwork, the gunports and the chains,
made their way to the bulwarks. Rushing
water dragged three of them away but
five reached the Spanish deck.

  Nine bloody haggard men, last of the
Santa Ysabel’s hundreds, battle insanity
in their red-rimmed eyes, met them as
they came. Dagger met dirk, a musket
exploded; a Spaniard choked as the teeth
of a dying Englishman met in his jugular.
His heels drummed once or twice on the
splintered deck, then only the slap of the
waves was to be heard on the sinking
galleon.

IT was night again, when a giant wave
broke through a hole in the bulwarks,
sloshed in and out of the scuppers and
wet icily Gunnar’s covering. Gasping for

breath, and stung by the salt in a number
of abrasions, the young man tore himself
free with the help of his dirk.

  Loose, he could see at once that the
ship was far gone. It heaved and pitched
lower in the water to the tune of rumbling
below, as the wash of the deep currents
in the hold carried empty barrels and
floating cases to and fro. The tiller
swung idly and the deck was strewn
with bodies. Swiftly he examined all, but
found no signs of life and consigned
them to the seething waves.

  A toy of the elements, the doomed
Santa Ysabel careened in the choppy sea,
a derelict hulk drifting near an inhos-
pitable coast. The gale and rain had
stopped, but clouds hid the moon from
sight.

  However, Leon had no need of moon-
light to trace the outline of the shore.
There, as far as eye could see, beacon fires
flamed from horizon to horizon, like a
glittering necklace of diamonds upon
black velvet.

  There also, men, wild Irish kerns,
clothed in hide and raw meat eaters,
danced about, armed with spiked poles,
waiting for their fellow Christians to
come tossing in, that they might slay and
slay and slay, until the arm grew weary.

  A light wind, rising again, was chill
and cut through his soggy garments.
Leon shivered and looked about for
something to throw across his shoulders.

  Near by, a black heap appeared to be a
cloak flung haphazard over an overturned
keg, but as he touched it a movement
startled him and he drew back. Beneath
the cloak crouched a little dark man!

  Leon noticed that his eyes sparkled
strangely as the fellow spoke and his
teeth were long and sharp. His hair was
gray and stringy upon his head, his eye-
brows joined upon his forehead, forming
a continuous bar of hair, lending him a
wild and sinister appearance.
804

WEIRD TALES

  "Ah, friend, well met! We are alone
at last!”

  Leon harked back in his memory and
found nothing there that recalled the
presence of this man aboard the Santa
Ysabel.

  "No?” said the little man, as though
in answer to Leon’s silent question. "You
have not seen me before, it is true, but I
have been near to you all your life. I
watched over you when you were born;
during your youth and when you first
planned to reach Scotland. Tell me,
what is that about your neck?”

  Leon felt a peculiar antipathy to this
strange man and made surly answer. "If
you know so much, you know that also.”
He eyed the stranger, coldly.

  "Ey! Ey! That I do,” the dwarf
cackled. "Is it not a part of a certain
key to a certain tomb in Blois? And are
you not in search of its mate in Scot-
land?”

  In spite of himself, Leon was sur-
prized, but even this seemed to be the
culmination of his long journeys. Curious-
ly, he inspected the dark dwarf, but with
recognition and no fear.

  "I think I know you. You are the
persecutor of my people. Arch-demon,
you are the Master! You are here to pre-
vent my success, I know. Have you come
to kill me also?”

  The Master nodded, a saturnine smile
exposing his white fang-like teeth.

   "It is your turn to go, unless you choose
to live!”

  Leon laughed.

  "By daylight,” he said, "the ship will
strike upon the rocks and that will be the
end of both of us. I do not believe that
even you can escape such a sea. You can
neither save nor harm me now!”

  The Master drew himself up and faced
into the wind, which had increased to a
gale while they had been talking. Mum-
bling to himself, he performed odd gyra-

tions with his arms, ending with palms
pressing against the growing tempest in
an attitude of command. The wind
dropped, became a breeze and finally
lessened to a mere puff of air.

  Above, the clouds still raced along, but
around the sinking galleon lay an area
of utter peace and quiet where the waves
were low, and no wind blew.

  "Now do you doubt the Master’s
power?”

  Gunnar shook his head.

  "More I have done to bring you here.
1 aided your progress to Corunna and im-
planted in your mind the suggestion that
you take ship there for England. 1 caused
the storms to rise that sent the Armada
to seek shelter in that port! My will
alone has broken the sea-power of Spain!
Delays, winds, niggardly equipment, 1
fomented them all! Because you were
with the fleet, I had the power to smash
the Armada and it is ruined forever.

  "Poor, timorous Sidonia! Spain will
blame him for the loss of sixty-five ships
and twenty thousand men, but the Mas-
ter met his fleet and fought on the side
of the English, although they too are of
the accursed race of men! The glory is
the Master’s and Sidonia will never meet
Parma now!”

  "What is it,” Gunnar asked calmly,
"that such a murderer wants with me?”
"Your body after death, to do with as
it suits my pleasure, and with your con-
sent!” answered the Master without
hesitation. "If you will promise me to be
my slave, I will save your life now and
you shall have until the time of your
natural death to live as you ordinarily
would. I reserve this condition only, that
if you call upon my help or visit that
tomb in Blois, then you forfeit your days
of life beyond thirty years from now!”
Gunnar made a rapid mental calcula-
tion. He had but just passed twenty-one.
Death seemed certain in a few hours,
THE MASTER FIGHTS

805

without some unforeseen aid. A sinking
vessel lay beneath his feet, an unknown
shore ahead that seemed alive with sav-
ages. Even then, he could hear their
eery cries like lonely devils wandered far
from their home in the pits. Across the
heaving seas the sounds came faintly to
him in the ominous unnatural silence
around the galleon. The prospect was
dismal. He shivered.

   He might live sixty years in the normal
course of life. Gunnar made, to himself,
a solemn vow to keep away from France
and to avoid ever calling upon the
Master.

  He turned to his enemy, who, smiling
slyly, appeared to understand his decision.

  "I promise,” he said, "to serve you
after my death and I acknowledge the
conditions of the pact.”

  "So be it!” cried the little man and
whistled through his hands.

  Instantly the wind whooped through
the shreds of rigging and the waves rose
high again. But above the howling of
the elements, Leon Gunnar heard, as he
hurried for shelter, the high ululation of
the Master’s cackling laugh, and shivered
again, but with more than cold.

  Something within him warned that he
had been a fool and queried with an in-
ward jeering as to the meaning behind
the promise he had made.

The half-light which precedes morn-
ing finally came, and Leon, after a
night of terrors in the demolished cabin,
issued forth to see the Master, swathed in
his long black cloak, leaning on the
bulwark.

  The Master smiled and beckoned him
to approach.

  "We are to be friends now, Gunnar,”
he said, with an underlying fierce humor.
"What do you think of this?”

  Leon caught his breath at the sight
before him. Thev were verv near a sandy

beach, where broke a violent sea. Two
galleons were pounding themselves to
pieces among surrounding rocks. The
forecastle of a third was jammed between
rocks that held it partially together,
although drenched and groaning in the
seas that swept over it. Leon could see
men upon the wreckage that waved piti-
fully at the Santa Ysabel as she lurched
nearer as though their efforts could thrust
her away.

  The surf and beach were dotted with
bodies and the Irish were down in hun-
dreds, stripping the dead, knocking some
of the living on the head and leaving
others naked to perish of the cold.

  Then, with a grinding crash, the
Santa Ysabel drove into the wreckage
and the remaining mast went by the
board.

  At the same time, the forecastle of the
other galleon was swept from its perch
and foundered.

  Leon had no remembrance of swim-
ming, but found himself on the shore
among the howling men. He had a
tight grasp of the Master’s hand and the
black cloak was about them both.

  "Take care!” growled the Master.
"They can not see you while you are
with me. The cloak of invisibility pro-
tects us both.”

  Boats, an upturned tender, hatches,
spars and cordage mingled with the dead
upon the shingle.

  As they passed along the edge of the
water, a man came in upon a drifting
scuttle-board, his leg badly bleeding from
a blow by a spar in the surf. Leon
recognized in him a Don Cuellar, com-
mander of the San Pedro; a man for
whose valor die younger man felt a deep
admiration.

  ' Let us go along with him,” he said
to the Master and they followed.

  A miserable figure, the Irish, who were
plundering the well-dressed, took little
806

WEIRD TALES

notice of him. He crawled along until he
came to some rushes, where he lay and
hid himself.

  "He is safe there,” said the Master;
"we will see him again.”

  They passed on through the wreckage
and entered a lane that led up toward the
hills. Held close within the Master’s
cloak, Leon passed unseen within a few
feet of the nearest fire and those who
squabbled around it. The sound of their
alien voices came faint to his ear as
though they were far away.

  A naked, wild-faced, hairy man ran
toward him as he strode on beside the
Master. The youth caught his breath,
sure that he was seen, but the savage
veered as he came near and rushed by,
waving a bit of pointed stick, red and
dripping; his hand bloody to the elbow.

  They threaded their way through the
cordon of fires. Near one, where the
natives had dragged him, lay a naked
graybeard, whom Leon recognized as the
chief gunner of the Rata Coronada. As
they approached, he seemed to sense the
coming of a compatriot and raised him-
self on an elbow, feebly croaking "Agua!
Agua!” from salt-cracked lips.

  A virago, tending a pot, struck him
down with a heavy iron ladle, so that he
fell across the feet <jf one who appeared
to be some sort of a sub-chief, as he wore
a pair of tight-fitting knee-breeches and
a goatskin jacket open in front. This
man snarled and kicked the gunner’s body
away.

  The Spaniard cried out, as his hair
began to burn, for he lay now upon
glowing embers.

  The sub-chief seized a large rock and
coolly, as though it was a matter of
familiar practise, beat out the brains of
the tortured gunner.

  Leon’s soul seemed to turn steel within
him at the horrible sight. Freeing his
dirk with his right hand and clutching

the Master’s scraggy wrist with his left,
they leapt toward the fire. As they
neared the light of the flames, the Master
stopped, seemingly in pain. Leon stared
in wonder, then left his protection, raced
to the fire and sprang like a cat upon the
back of the murderer.

  It was a second’s work to yank the
shaggy head back and draw his keen
blade across that bronzed bull-throat!

  The throng shouted at this tattered,
sea-soaked apparition that had material-
ized before them, out of nothing. Blood
spurted hissing on the flames and the sub-
chief fell without a cry into the fire across
the body of his victim.

  The pot overturned and sent a flood of
scalding broth over the old hag, and in
the excitement and confusion Leon ran
back several steps into the shadows, and
by the Master’s side, invisible to all but
him, they were both again unseen.

  The Master laughed for the third time.
This was a protege much to his liking.
Hand in hand, Master and pupil marched
inland from the coast.

  Because of the Gunnars, the Master
had crossed the Channel. A new hunt-
ing-ground was before him, and the first
kill was satisfying to the enemy of all
things human.

  He was still laughing softly to him-
self when the sun rose beyond the hills.

  Leon was suddenly aware that he was
again alone. With the first ray of sun-
light, the Master had vanished as mys-
teriously as he had appeared aboard the
wrecked galleon.

  2.	The Bug-Wolves of Castle Manglana

ON the battlements of Castle Man-
glana, Leon Gunnar stood, leaning
on a musket and gazing pensively across
the deep placid waters of Lough Erne.

  It was late in October, in the year of
our Lord, 1588.
THE MASTER FIGHTS

807

  Manglana stood on a promontory pro-
jecting far out into the broad lake, whose
ripples lapped against the base of the
castle wall.

  No boats plied Lough Erne; all had
been sunk a week before, when
O’Rourke, the owner of the castle, had
retreated with his family and retainers
into the mountains, leaving Gunnar and
eight other Spaniards to defend them-
selves as best they might against a force
of eighteen hundred English soldiers.
These had been collected in Dublin and
were led by Ireland’s Lord Deputy, whose
orders were to scour the West country
and kill all fugitives from the thirteen
galleons which were wrecked upon that
part of the coast.

  A swallow skimmed by and left a
trail of widening circles on the still
water. Leon sighed and followed it with
his eyes, wishing that he too had wings
with which to leave this wild land far
behind. How soon would he flee to
Scotland and his kindred there!

  A crack of a musket and a jubilant
yell broke into his revery and he turned
to see a bearded man, dressed in the
saffron mantle of an Irish gallowglass,
dancing about the battlements.

  "By’r Lady,” he shouted, "I got the
dirty spy that time! See him kicking in
the marsh?”

  "Well done, Cuellar!” Leon ap-
plauded, "we can’t waste ammunition.
Every shot must find an English heart!”
Cuellar became serious and looked
around to see if any one was listening.

  "Boy!” he whispered, "you don’t know
how true that is. I was prowling about
in the powder room today and I found
that three of those powder kegs O’Rourke
left us were some that had been picked
up on the beaches after the wrecks!”
"Well?” queried Gunnar.

  "No! 111! Water soaked in somehow.
We’ve got a half-keg left and a dozen

muskets to fight an army with. Senora
Cuellar will be finding another man, I’m
afraid.”

  "Don’t feel low,”-Leon urged. "Keep
up your spirits, sir. Time is fighting for
us too, you know. The English don’t
know our strength, and a couple of heavy
rains will drown them out.”

  He pointed toward the landward side
of the promontory. Far enough from the
castle so that musket fire could not reach
the defenders, lay the camp of the Eng-
lish, on such high ground as existed in the
low swampland. Now and then some
foolhardy soldier would leave the camp
and try to find a way through the
swamps and effect an entrance into the
castle, but after the first few attacks in
force had ended in disorder and bloody
defeat, the English had sat down in
their camps and commenced a policy of
waiting until starvation drove the Span-
iards into their hands.

  With food for two months this did not
disturb the besieged greatly, but the fail-
ing supply of powder was an event of
the first importance. Once the English
learned that a man might penetrate to
the castle walls without being fired upon,
others would follow.

  "Ah, Gunnar,” answered Cuellar,
"you don’t understand the feelings of a
father. All of us here have got families
waiting for us, but you. When you watch
your own children growing up and see
the look in their mother’s eyes, you won’t
feel like waiting for some other man to
step into your boots! Almost a year,
we’ve been away, and no one home knows
that we still live, or where!

  "You came ashore on that galleon that
smashed into mine on the rocks of Sligo
Bay, you said. Do you remember that
burned monastery and the twelve Span-
iards hanging dead from the rafters in
the nave? But for God’s grace we might
have dangled there.”
808

WEIRD TALES

  Leon nodded vigorously. "And the
blessed saints all tumbled on the
ground beneath their feet! Almighty! I
can see them yet!”

  "It was horrible!” agreed Cuellar;
"and only a miracle could have saved us
from those madmen that plundered the
wrecks. I shall remember in my prayers
for ever the chief that saved my life.”
Leon spoke up bitterly.

  "You don’t think he did it because he
loves Spaniards, do you? He hates Eng-
land as he does hellfire and only gave us
shelter because we are enemies of the
English. If he had cared anything about
us, he would have helped us get back
home instead of leaving us here.”

  "True,” agreed Cuellar, "but we are
alive and it was a blessed miracle that
allowed us to reach his protection!”

  He crossed himself fervently, and Gun-
nar, in disgust, returned to his post of
duty on the eastern wall.

  Only too well, Leon knew that the
saints had had nothing to do with the
bringing of himself, Cuellar and a young
naval officer to the dubious protection of
Castle Manglana. An unseen companion
had journeyed with the three; one power-
ful to protea those whom he wished
against any foe! And he, a dread enemy
of mankind, was self-called—the Master!

Cuellar shouted down the stairway
to some one below.

  "Gomez, tell Ramon to bring up an-
other flask of powder and three more
muskets. Send up Diego, Enrique and
Rodriguez. I think those English frogs
are going to come paddling out here
again!”

  Gunnar ran back across the flat roof
again. It was true that an odd commo-
tion was taking place in the camp, hardly
perceptible in the growing dusk.

  Then, far across the flat marshes, arose
a puff of white smoke; an eery whistle

rose to a scream which steadily mounted,
passed overhead, and a heavy missile
plunged sullenly into the lake.

  The echoes were still in flight between
the cliffs of Lough Erne, when a thud
shook the castle and both Gunnar and
Cuellar felt a slight sensation of giddi-
ness as though the firm structure rocked
beneath them. A dismal wail came from
below and the two watchers gazed into
each other’s eyes with dawning compre-
hension and fear.

  A man staggered up the stairs and
came out on the roof. His hair was
crisped and smoking, the beard gone
from one side of his face, and sparks ran
to and fro on his charred clothing. He
saw Cuellar and came straight toward
him, saluting the tacitly recognized
leader of the garrison.

  "Mad re de Dios, Gomez, speak!” Cuel-
lar cried. "What has happened?”

  "Ramon,” said the man, with difficulty,
his eyes rolling as he choked, "went—
into—the magazine—with—a lighted
torch-!” and he fell, still at the posi-
tion of salute, across Cuellar’s feet.

  “That finishes us.” Cuellar looked at
Leon. "The English have dragged a can-
non up at last, and now our powder is
gone!”

  Leon thrust a hand inside the fallen
man’s goatskin jacket.

  "Sir, Gomez is dead,” he announced.

  "I expected that,” came the hopeless
reply. "Come, let us see how many yet
live.”

  As the two left the roof, another dis-
tant report sounded from the camp and
Gunnar turned back.

  “Go. I will watch here, and call if
there is an attack.”

  "Very well,” replied Cuellar. "Adios,
friend. This is the end!” And he dis-
appeared in the billows of smoke pouring
up the stairway.
THE MASTER FIGHTS

809

  "It is not the end!” murmured an unc-
tuous voice in Gunnar’s ear.

  He recognized the voice at once. The
Master was making his usual nightly visit,
whenever Gunnar was alone.

  “Are you utterly merciless?” Gunnar
burst out, passionately. "Is there no pity,
no humanity in you? Beast! Fiend!
Devil! You disgrace the name of man!
You are a monster! In the name of every
holy saint, I plead with you to leave me
and let me die in peace!"

  A cold ferocity gleamed for a second
in the Master’s eyes.

  "Do not be misled by the body I hap-
pen to wear just now! I have other
semblances that might surprize you! I am
not a man and neither am I a beast. You
will soon learn that I am not human! As
for mercy and pity, I had them long ago,
but they were stolen from me. However,
I did not come to tell you this, but to
show you a way out and perhaps to help
those who are with you.”

  Gunnar’s face lighted and he took a
step closer to the odd creature who held
him in his power, by a pact of servitude,
pledged aboard a sinking galleon earlier
in the year.

  "What is it?” he urged. "Tell me
quickly!”

  "Did you know that tonight is Hal-
lowe’en? The one night in all the year,
next to Walpurgis night, when it is
easiest for a man to become a wolf from
sunset to sunrise?”

  Gunnar chuckled. "You may have
wonderful powers and I admit that you
can make yourself invisible and can lull
storms, but no man can become a wolf!
That is only an Irish and French super-
stition.”

  "As I have already told you, I am not
a man. You are too ignorant to under-
stand what I am. If you had traveled
more you would know that what you term
a superstition has been known and be-

lieved in all countries and all ages. I,
the Master, am the one who began that
knowledge upon this earth! Strip off your
clothes and we will see what can be done
on Hallowe’en night!”

  Gunnar hesitated and the Master urged
him sternly. "Strip!” he again com-
manded, and the Spaniard, without mov-
ing his eyes from that twisted face, began
to do as he was told.

  The red eyes of the Master fixed the
young man like stone, as he moved
nearer.

  "I am giving you a. choice," he said
slowly. "I promised you, upon the Santa
Ysabel, your full term of life if you
bound yourself to me after death and but
thirty years if you found it necessary to
call upon my help. Choose now, if you
are willing to become a thing that will
scatter the English from their camp like
leaves before the blast! If you will it so,
I shall cause such storms to arise tomor-
row that they will flood the marshes and
save the lives of your friends. If not—
you can see them die tomorrow when the
soldiers take the castle, and be saved by
me, knowing all your life that you could
have rescued your friends and would
not!”

  Leon Gunnar considered. He had no
one to care for, or to care if he lived or
died. Thirty years of life, at least, lay
before him according to the pact, in
which something might arise that would
defeat the Master’s plans. Then, too,
here was a promise that the lives of Cuel-
lar and the rest would be spared. Senora
Cuellar—the children—Spain and love—
and sunshine in weary hearts!

   "I wish to fight and I ask your help,”
he replied.

  "Thirty years then, my lad,” clucked
the black dwarf and stooped his head
over Gunnar’s arm.

  The young man felt a sharp pain in
the hollow of his elbow. The Master
810

WEIRD TALES

backed away and threw an evil-smelling
liquid upon him, muttering a low in-
cantation as he did so.

  Then—-agony unspeakable, as though
every bone in the Spaniard’s body had
been violently wrenched from its socket
and as violently reset!

   He fell to the roof, crying out in pain.
Was it fancy or truth that the cries
sounded like yelps and howls instead of
words? His nose seemed strangely long;
in fact, it was no longer a nose, but a
snout, and rolling there, his hands came
within his vision and he howled again.
They were not hands—they were (could
it be possible?) the hairy paws of a wolf!

  He felt a kick in the ribs. The dwarf
seemed very wroth.

  "Be quiet, you fool! You will have
the others here! Watch now.”

  The Master drew his black cloak tight
about himself and leaned far forward.
Gunnar meant to gasp, but it sounded
like a low whine of surprize, when he
saw that suddenly the black cloak was no
longer cloth, but black hair!

  Then the Master fell forward, his
scrawny limbs shrinking, his face chang-
ing frightfully, and two tailless wolves
stood side by side upon the roof of
Castle Manglana.

   Gunnar felt a strange wild thrill in his
veins. He seemed to have imbibed some-
thing of die Master’s proud, alien spirit.
He was no longer human, but a beast
and felt as a wild predatory animal
should.

  Man was his enemy: should he not
kill? Below, in the castle, were men!

  He stalked, stiff-legged, over to the
open entrance. His hackles lifted and
foam drooled from his avid jaws. Man
smell here was strong! He took one step
forward and howled long and dismally.

  He would have hurled himself down
at his former friends, had not a chill com-

mand halted him and he stood still,
trembling violently.

  There was nothing left of his former
life. Now he was but a machine meant
for one purpose only, and that purpose
was to kill as long as he was able to fight.
In his mind surged the red tide of mur-
der.

  The black wolf was regarding him
with grim humor. "You will do,” he an-
nounced, and the words made themselves
felt without sound in the gray wolf’s
brain. "More men are over here. Follow
me!”

The black beast loped across the roof
and sprang over a low opening in
the battlements. Into the lake the gray
wolf plunged after the leader and struck
out for shore.

   By the time they reached it, the sky was
covered with clouds, mysteriously having
appeared where ten moments earlier not
one was to be seen.

   The beasts sank belly-deep in the ooze
and struggled to a firmer footing. There
was a musty smell from green-scummed
pools filled with rotting leaves and small
dead things. A drizzling rain spat and
hissed in the slimy water.

  "This will keep our prey under shel-
ter,” thought the gray wolf and the black
bent his head as though words had been
uttered. They loped into the shallows,
swam a bit and waded into sucking mud.
Beyond, lay the camp.

  Cautiously they skirted the edges. A
sentry approached, and leaving the gray
behind, the black wolf sneaked forward,
gathered his legs beneath him and his
wiry muscles tensed.

   A leap, a stifled sob, then a splash in
the puddles and the man was down, with
his throat opened wide and bubbling.

  Another sentry approached, peering
about for the source of the faint noises,
and the gray wolf sprang. Then both,
THE MASTER FIGHTS

811

muzzles dabbled red, slunk into the
sleeping and defenseless camp.

  As the gray had supposed, no one was
visible. In their quarters, some slept and
others dozed, but over all lay quiet and a
patter of rain that hushed any possible
sound of velvet footfalls.

  Near the cannon, the black wolf
stopped, sent out a silent command, and
the gray prowled, watchful, alert to pro-
tea, while the Master assumed the human
form once more. An instant he busied
himself there; then again two misshapen
tailless wolf-things trotted on into the
camp.

  A brush and canvas shelter lay a little
apart from the others, and from it came
stertorous snores. An instant of hesita-
tion and both wolves entered the low
doorway. When they came out again,
the snoring had stopped.

  The eyes of both gleamed with a
strange exhilaration as they separated.

  The black took one line of shelters and
the gray wolf commenced dipping in and
out of another line, leaving a trail of red
drops on the wet ground to mark where
he had passed. Behind them lay a quiet
that would never again be broken by the
occupants of the shelters they had visited.

  This dreadful business went on for a
long time, without interruption. The
black wolf had finished two lines of shel-
ters and was half-way along with a third,
while the gray was slaughtering, joyous-
ly drunk with killing, on his second line,
when a man awoke from frightful dreams
to look into slavering jaws and find a
more horrid reality there.

  He had just time to cry out, "Ware-
woolfes!” before his spine cracked in
those iron jaws. The other occupant of
the shelter roused and yelled somahing
incoherent, and also died.

  At once there was commotion, men
running about without aim or purpose,
looking for an enemy band of raiders;

not realizing what they were to fight
until they saw the two beasts, oddly high
in the hind quarters, leaping in and out
of the lines of shelters.

  An Irish renegade guide, with the
troop, fell on his knees at the sight.
Demons!” he howled. "The bugs! The
bugs! The bug-wolves are after us!” And
went crawling away toward the cannon,
on hands and knees through the mud.

  The cry of "Bug-wolves” went racing
through the camp, adding to the general
terror of the troops to whom the coun-
try tales of men-beasts* were speedily
being brought home.

  And all the while, the two wolves,
making the most of the confusion, were
leaping swiftly about, pulling down one
here and another there and worrying him
to death, snarling like mad things. Heads
down and dodging blows, they finally
dashed through the center of camp,
toward the castle again. On a little rise
of ground, they stopped, plain against
the lighter sky and direaly in line of fire
of the cannon.

  The Irish guide, breathing a hurried
prayer that the cannon was loaded, de-
pressed the muzzle and surrounded by a
frantic crowd of soldiers, ignited the
charge.

  The mighty concussion that followed
shook the camp. A lurid flash of light lit
up the billowing clouds overhead, frag-
ments of iron and mangled bodies flew
everywhere, and in Castle Manglana six
men looked at one another with surprize
in their eyes, not daring to hope that the
missing man had found a way to help
them.

  The flimsy shelters were down in many
places and when the deafened survivors
of the explosion thought of the two
wolves again, the rise of ground was bare.

  A rising wind now brought a down-
pour of rain, a steady fall that brought
the surface of Lough Erne lapping over
812

WEIRD TALES

the marshlands at the base of the prom-
ontory and still continued. Before morn-
ing, Castle Manglana would be upon an
island and the rain which would follow
for days would prove sufficient to ren-
der the position of the English untenable
before another cannon could be secured.

  Cuellar and five other Spaniards were
to see their homes at last.

  Miles away, the Master stood wrapped
in his black cloak. A gray wolf crouched
at his feet.

  "That way,” said the somber dwarf,
"lies Antrim. From there you can easily
reach Scotland. I have told you where to
find your surviving relative, and I am
very sure you will like her. Run now and
get as far as you can before morning.
Take the clothes of the first man you
meet an hour before dawn.

  "What caused the cannon to blow up?
I put in an extra charge of powder, and
filled the muzzle with mud! Good-bye,
Leon Gunnar, you are a worthy slave.”

  A second later the gray wolf was
alone. He did not hesitate, but turned in
the direction the Master had indicated.

  Senora Cuellar would some day see
her man again, and never know that an
unknown friendless wanderer had given
years of his life diat six men with fam-
ilies might be together again. Nor, had
she known, would she have believed.

  But he, who had sacrificed to save
others, was loping on through the night
toward Antrim and Scotland in desperate
haste.

  In the morning he would be a naked
man, never again to know the unholy
power and desires of this one red night.

3.	In the Tomb of the Bishop

When the tomb was new and the
smell of freshly cut stone still
hung about the rock that formed it, men
came with sad faces and walking slowly,

and placed therein a man who they sup-
posed was finished with walking and the
other trivial matters that interest the
living.

  After the proper ceremonies had been
observed they shut and locked the mas-
sive iron door, and leaving the poor dead
thing there, they went their several ways
and thought but little of the remains of
one who had but lately been held in high
respect.

  For a while on anniversaries, those
who had loved the bishop came and
placed flowers there and wept a little for
all the hopes and fears that they were
burdened with, and being comforted
within themselves they went away again.

  And all the while the great iron key
hung in a secret place in the ancestral
castle of the Gunnars, and it was the
only one that would fit the intricate lock
that fastened the tomb of the bishop.

  And all the while, the Worm, who is
lord of us all, went to and fro within
the tomb and fed in his own manner
and was filled and well content.

  And the soul of the bishop basked in
the mellow light of Paradise, caring no
more for his body or its future than we
for a shoe that has been outworn and
cast aside.

  One by one, those that had known the
bishop ceased to visit the tomb, and
passing from the places that had known
them well, also joined him again and
were content.

  And the Worm, who is lord of us all,
finding nothing to keep him longer
there, left the bones of the bishop in si-
lence and darkness and peace.

  Lichens and mosses and vines grew
over the gray stones and rust flaked
thickly red in the hinges of the iron door.

  And in the secret place where hung
the key, a great fat spider lived out her
life and was not disturbed.

  In the tomb of the bishop, time was of
THE MASTER FIGHTS

813

little account, but outside a hundred
years went by and brought changes that
were inevitable and to be expected.

  One night, men came to that tomb in
desperate haste, casting glances behind
them as though they were sorely afraid,
and when they placed a key in the lock
and it would not turn, they panted as
though they had been running far and
had yet far to go by morning.

  And they tried yet another key and
another and the lock would not turn,
and despair came upon them, for it was
very important that the tomb should be
opened.

  At last, the youngest of .the men came
across the garden and in his hand was
the old key and behind him inside the
ancient castle of the Gunnars, which was
burning with a great crackling and a
vast amount of light, an old fat she-
spider cursed that man with all the
power of a spider’s curse, for he had
taken away a home that to her line had
been far more ancient and hallowed than
any place can be to men.

  It took four men to open that rusty
door, and they did not remain long in-
side, but placed a parcel well wrapped
and protected against the damp, upon the
casket where lay the bishop’s dry and
aged bones.

  In the parcel was a book, whose pages
were made of human skin, and which
told a story which was grim and horrible
and a little sad.

  And they left it there, where they
thought it to be safe, and separated and
went to far countries and saw one an-
other no more till the day after their
deaths, when some of them were re-
united.

  And behind them, rust gathered again
in the hinges of the door, and the lichens
and mosses and all the green vines
gathered more thickly still upon the

stones that formed the tomb of the
bishop.

  But the key had been cut into two
pieces and one of the men had taken
one half and his younger brother had
taken the other, and the movements of
that last half have been told elsewhere
at some length.

  Over the tomb of the bishop crawled
another hundred years, but if you had
chanced to enter, you would have noticed
perhaps that there was now a feeling
within that some one else was present.
Perhaps if you had laid your ear very
close to the casket where the book lay,
you would have heard a faint rustling
inside that sounded like a very small
mouse that could not or would not be
quiet. And then you would have left, I
am sure.

Two men walked in the old Gunnar
park and came to the garden, long
grown over with weeds.

  One was an old man apparently, but
his wrinkles and white hair came from an
inward trouble and not from the piti-
less claws of Time.

  The other, obviously the son of the
first mentioned, was but just come at his
maturity. There was a look in his young
eyes that spoke of evil things that no
man should know and live, lest the rest
of the world should find cause to regret
after it was too late to prevent knowledge
from becoming unspeakable action.

  Leon Gunnar had married in Scotland,
apprenticed his only son to a warlock
sorcerer in the hope that the resultant
learning would provide a way to fight the
black Master to whom he had bound him-
self, and now with but a day remaining
of the thirty years that he had been
allowed by the pact to which he had
agreed, had come with his son after the
book which had something in it that the
younger man must know.
814

WEIRD TALES

  In a thicket, a monstrosity gloated and
hugged itself and chattered in a voice
more shrill than any bat as it watched
the culmination of a long-planned re-
venge.

  It was close when they unlocked the
door with a shining new key made from
the pattern of the split and rusty one. Its
voice was so high that the older man
could not hear it at all as they pried back
the aged door with all their strength and
short iron bars. The senses of the young
warlock were made keen by his training
and he stopped his work to listen, but
the Master was more cunning than he and
made no more noises.

  It was alert and waiting for its chance
when they entered the tomb of the bishop
and saw there upon the rotten old casket
what they had long desired. *

  It was watching when the younger
man came out of the tomb with the
precious book in his arms, and it tittered
nervously when Leon Gunnar thought
he heard a noise inside the old casket
and turned back to listen.

  The young Scottish warlock was on his
knees in the weeds tearing off the cover-
ings from the old book when he heard a
tiny noise behind him. He looked back.

  The door that Jiad almost defied the
combined strength of two strong men
was closing by itself, without a creak or
rasp from the rust-eaten hinges.

  From inside the tomb came a scream
that held all the terror imaginable to the
mind of man!

  The young man cried out, "Father!”
in agony of spirit, and reached for the
edge of the door.

  A mist swirled before him there, out
of which stared two red, burning eyes.
Without a sound, he dropped in his
tracks and the door closed.

  Inside, Leon Gunnar had seen, before
the tomb went dark, the old wooden

casket crumble into dust. It was at.the
sight of the horror that sat upright in
that heap of punk, its jaws clicking and
its bony arms reaching out for him, that
he had screamed!

  It was then he knew that his thirty
years Of life had come to. an end.
*******

After a long while the iron door
l opened and a third individual ap-
peared in the opening. About four feet
in height, the Master was wrapped from
head to foot in a cloak of black that hid
all of his form except his glittering eyes.
In them lurked a suspicion of moisture,
as he looked upon the interior of the
tomb where bits of dry hard bones min-
gled with scraps of tattered flesh.

  Could it be possible that the Master
felt regret for the end he had plotted?

  Had the young warlock not been un-
conscious outside that place of sudden
and frightful death, and had he heard
the Master’s low soliloquy, any impres-
sion of this nature would have been con-
firmed.

  "I have been a fool,” said the Master
to himself, “and I have made one of my
few mistakes. I gave only a will to tear
and mangle, to that heap of dry bones! I
should have instructed it to save enough
of the body intact, so that I could use it.
There is nothing here of value to me!”

  He directed his piercing gaze into a
comer of the dark chamber.

  “You have won, Gunnar, through no
wisdom of yours. Our past is ended and
you are free. Your boy I shall allow to
return to Scotland when he awakes to
learn more magic. I will meet him again
when he is worth fighting! Leon Gunnar,
take your freedom!”

  Something shot by the Master and out
of the door, with the zip of an arrow,
audible only to the black dwarf’s senses.

  Slowly, he closed the iron door and
MEN OF STEEL

815

turned the key. The vines fell into place
again and there was silence and darkness
and peace in the hidden tomb of the for-
gotten bishop.

  And the Worm, who is lord of us all,

came in the night and found that there-
in which made him merry, but the young
warlock was far away, with the book of
ill omen, and no one knows where the
Master went, in deep regret.

MEN OF STEEL

      By AINSLEE JENKINS

                "A vicious swing of his
                right hand caught Ared
                Haggard on the jaw.”

I STILL remember, above all else,
Ared Haggard’s smile.

That, you might think, is not un-
usual. But when you have heard this
fantastic tale to its end — and set me
down, perhaps, for a weak-witted crea-
ture whose mind the brooding desert has
turned—you will wonder that it is the
smile I recall so distinctly.

  You, however, never saw Ared Hag-
gard smile.

  Picture a long, blankly white face,
etched over with a hundred intercrossing
lines. A thin prow of a nose, and on
either side of it two deeply imbedded,

low-lidded eyes. A fat, sensual underlip,
its color the livid purple of a fresh
bruise, contrasting oddly with the lean,
twisted upper one. A straight chin, with
the black bristles of a harsh beard.

  The lips, though, were the things that
wrought Ared Haggard’s smile, and it is
that twitching smile, planted undyingly
in my memory, which bids me set down
this story.

  On the lonely reaches of the great Mo-
jave Desert you can not pick and choose
amongst your neighbors; to the contrary,
you must be thankful if you even have
one. Ared Haggard was mine. And
816

WEIRD TALES

though from the very first some wary
sixth sense warned me that here was a
man dangerously different from all
others, I welcomed his presence and did
my best, through fairly frequent visits, to
cultivate and strengthen our friendship.

  He was, I gathered, comparatively
wealthy and thus able to humor his
slightest whim. An eccentric, certainly.
Otherwise why had he purchased the
rambling, grotesque castle he lived in?
"Miner’s Folly,” they called the place,
and a folly it definitely was. Years ago
some pick-and-panner had struck it rich,
and, as many of them do in similar cases,
built for himself this huge castle, set just
below the cadaverous ribs of one of the
Mojave’s barren mountain ranges. The
structure had been lonely and deserted
for years when Ared Haggard chanced
upon it. Evidently it had appealed to
him, for he’d purchased it and converted
it to his own obscure purposes, as I’ve
said.

  This particular evening I had felt the
need of some type of conversation, no
matter how morbid — as Haggard’s
usually was—and had accordingly paced
the three miles which separated my little
shack and "Miner’s Folly.” Hundreds of
yards off I’d heard the baying of his
gaunt wolf-hound which always heralded
my approach, and Haggard was standing
under the raised portcullis of the doorway
when I trudged up. Portcullis? Yes.
That miner had followed the plan of a
mediaeval castle to the smallest detail!

  Even in the fast-thickening gloom I
could detea a change in the man’s man-
ner. And when I came closer I saw that his
eyes were burningly alive, restless, even
eager. He stretched out his bony hands
and grasped my shoulders and then actu-
ally slapped me on the back. Never be-
fore had I been granted such a greeting.

  “I’m glad, Wells,” his harsh, impatient
voice told me, "that you’ve come over to-

night. I want somebody to talk to; I was
even thinking of going over to fetch you.
But come inside, and let old Tom give
you a glass of my very particular port
wine. The occasion needs some celebrat-
ing!”

  "Occasion?” I said, puzzled. "What
occasion?”

  But he only shook his head and led
me into the high-raftered main room of
his castle.

  As far as I was concerned, it might
have been the only room of the place, for
I'd never been through any of the others.
There were others, of course, but the tall,
bolt-studded doors which led to them
were forever closed, and Haggard simply
didn’t hear me whenever I’d suggested
inspecting them. I’ll admit that this silent
refusal had put an edge to my curiosity;
often I’d laughingly accused him of being
a second Bluebeard, with his dread secrets
locked up in those mysterious rooms.
“Some night,” he once said, "I’ll show
you them. . . .”

   Was this, I wondered, to be the night?

When we were seated in the squat
leather chairs which Haggard fa-
vored, old Tom, true to his master’s word,
brought us glasses of a rich port wine,
and we both lit cigarettes. Old Tom was
Haggard’s lone servant, a tall, dark Na-
vajo Indian. Some affliction had rendered
him dumb, though he could hear very
well, and this fortunate combination made
him, in my opinion, the perfect menial.
„ Haggard’s white face seemed to be
hanging suspended before me in the half-
light; he had drained the drink with a
gulp and was I could see, itching to
speak.

   "Well,” I began, to start him off, "why
so anxious to have me over tonight, Hag-
gard?”

  He leaned forward and his eyes, with
their pin-points of flame, ran over my

                     W. T —6
MEN OF STEEL

817

whole body. I felt curiously naked under
that concentrated stare. I laughed some-
what uneasily and repeated the question.

  "You’ve wondered, I suppose, Wells,”
he rasped finally, "why I live up here as
I do. A hellish life, eh? No reason for
it. You, of course, write, and stick your-
self away in the desert because of its sol-
itude. But I—ah, why have I secluded
myself in this crazy castle? A mystery,
isn’t it?” He chuckled delightedly.

  I said hurriedly: "Of course I have
conjectured sometimes about your pur-
pose in coming up here. I supposed that
you were sick, as I was, of the noise and
brawl of the city. Or perhaps it’s your
health?”

  "Not,” he murmured, "my health. Oh
no, no! But I’ll tell you this, Wells: the
desert’s a marvelous place for more things
than writing. . .

  "You’ve got a hobby, then?” I asked.

  The question had a peculiar effect on
him. His lips positively writhed, and the
uneven rows of his yellowish teeth
showed through in a ghastly smile.
Smile! It shouldn’t be called a smile. A
smile is warm and human and friendly.
Haggard’s might have been friendly, but
human—it wasn’t human.

  At that moment I was downright
afraid of him.

  "A hobby,” he said slowly. “You can
call it that, Wells, if you like. Yes, I
have a hobby. So did Edison have a
hobby, and Steinmetz, and thousands be-
fore them. Thousands of whom the av-
erage man’s never heard, thousands who
followed their calling in the ignorant,
superstition-ridden Middle Ages, when
the slightest rumor about them meant a
horrible, torturous death. Those men—
the astrologers, alchemists, scientists of
mediaeval times—are my heroes, Wells.
And to them I’ve dedicated—my hobby.”

  Strange, uncanny talk in the wavering
gloom of that fantastic desert castle, with
W. T.—7

the night wind moaning through the sage
and sand outside!

  "Then,” I said, essaying a nervous
little laugh, "it’s your hobby that you keep
concealed behind those mysterious
doors!”

  He nodded his lank head. There cer-
tainly seemed to be a fascination for him
in running his prying eyes over my body;
he did it constantly. "Yes,” he muttered,
"behind those doors. I intended, at first,
to take you through them tonight, but now
I think I’ll reserve that pleasure for you
till the final, triumphant instant. Then
it’ll be twice the thrill it would be now.
Oh, you’re fortunate, Wells, you’re for-
tunate! You’ve got the experience of a
lifetime coming to you!”

  "The experience,” I repeated, "of a
lifetime?”

  "Yes!” He wagged his head gleefully.
"A thing to remember to your dying
day!”

  He suddenly fell silent, as if brooding.
Then he peered up at me. "I just recalled
it,” he said. "Didn’t you say something
about your fiancee coming to see you?”

  I smiled. I always smiled when I
thought of Jean Erskine. We’d been en-
gaged for I don’t know how long, wait-
ing till I could afford our marriage. Jean
told me repeatedly I was a stilted fool not
to accept, for a while, her comfortable
income; but I couldn’t abide the thought
of it. You know the feeling.

  "Yes,” I confirmed. "She’s going to
spend a couple of days here. No scandal,
Haggard! You needn’t be afraid of any-
thing—er—improper. I assure we don’t
need a chaperone.”

  He laughed. "I’ll accept your word.
When does she arrive?”

  "Let’s see,” I figured. "Today’s Mon-
day. Two days from now, on Thursday.”

  "M-m-m. Bring her over Thursday
night, Wells. I think she’d get a thrill
818

WEIRD TALES

  too out of what’s behind those locked
doors you’re so curious about.”

  I overlooked the commanding tone of
his invitation; Haggard was like that.

  "Can’t you give me an inkling of its
nature?” I asked. "Nothing that’ll upset
her, is it?”

  Again that contortion of his lips. “Oh,
no! I wouldn’t ask her otherwise. You
may rest assured of that, Wells . . .
but more I won’t tell you. I want the
glory, the magnificence, the triumph of it
to take you by surprize. I want — but
enough. I’ll say no more. Thursday night
you will be admitted to the secret of se-
crets, the most splendid achievement ever
consummated by man, the ultimate con-
quest of mind over matter!”

  His tone had risen to that of a fanatic.
His sunken eyes streamed fire; his gaunt
face was alight; his hurtling words
boomed challengingly through the vasty
hall; for the moment I was forgotten;
Haggard’s mind, I am convinced, had
soared to an immortal realm. Once more
I felt a tingling shiver scamper up my
spine, and I told myself that Jean and I
would keep away from "Miner’s Folly”
on Thursday night. . . .

  But curiosity is, with love and hunger,
the great impelling force of life, and it
was my damnable curiosity that con-
quered my dread and brought me back to
that cursed house on Thursday night.

  Soon after, I left. Ared Haggard had
slumped down in his chair; he did not
even rise to see me to the door. I stole
out, and the romping gust of the icy,
sage-spiced wind drove from my head the
queer words and half hinted at thoughts
I had heard. I walked slowly, revelling
in the deep, clear purple of the desert
night, listening to the crooned symphony
of breeze and sage and sand, shot through
occasionally with the far-away whining
yap of a slinking coyote.

My own house is a rude hut of three
flimsy rooms. The door has no
lock; you do not need one on the desert.
I strode zestfully up to it, shoved it open,
stepped in — and was immediately con-
scious that there was some one in the
house.

  No electric light, of course. I fumbled
with a match, struck it. And in the quick,
wavering flare I saw him.

 Who?

  Old Tom, Haggard’s Navajo servant!

  He was standing there impassively,
awaiting me. I muffled an ejaculation of
surprize and lit a lamp. Then I turned
to him, the obvious question on my lips.

  "What’s wrong?”

  He gestured for pencil and paper, his
only way of communication. I found
them, and watched him scrawl three shaky
words on the white typewriter sheet.

  "I—am—afraid.”

  His dumb, peculiarly dog-like eyes
rested on me as I read his message. I
glanced up and jerked:

  "Of what?”

  He shook his head; his brown, gnarled
old face wore an expression of puzzlement
tinged with fear.

  "Write it down,” I commanded.
"What are you afraid of?”

  He took some time over his next sen-
tence; writing was a great labor to him.
But finally it lay before me, and I scanned
it with a feeling of unreality.

 "I—am—afraid—of—Mister—Hag-
gard.”

  I	laughed. What else could I do?
Then the memory of Haggard’s wild,
flaming eyes and wisted smile came upon
me, and I fell silent and asked him, more
soberly:

  "Why?”

  I	did not like to read the words he put
down in reply; but they were there, more
ominous and chilling than if they’d been
spoken.
MEN OF STEEL

819

  "He—is mad.”

  There was a sudden surge of wind, and
the door rattled on its hinges. Almost I
expected to see it swing open and re-
veal Haggard, piercing us with his devil-
ish eyes. I dragged it back and stared out-
side; but there was nothing except the
ghostly stretch of the desert and the crin-
kled, outflung shadow of a joshua tree.

  "What makes you think he’s mad,
Tom?”

   His painful writing answered:

  ''He works—on a—great machine. He
—looks—at me—with eyes—of—mad-
ness.”

   I, too, had seen those eyes! But I put
the old Indian’s alarm down to Haggard’s
excitement and the deep superstition of
the Navajo race. I tried to cheer him up.

  "Nonsense, Tom! He looks at me in
the same way—looks at everybody like
that. He’s just excited about his machine,
or invention, or whatever it is. You
needn’t worry. He’ll get back to normal
after Thursday night, when he’s ex-
plained the thing to me.”

  But Tom was writing again. And the
words were:

  "You—must—not—come—Thursday.
You must—keep away.”

   I laughed again. "No, I’ll be there,” I
said. "I’m too curious. Now go home
and get a good sleep. You’re tired and
worn out; you’re seeing things that aren’t
so. Don’t worry, Tom. Mr. Haggard’s
far from mad.”

  Yes, he was indeed far from mad!

  Old Tom looked at me once more with
his plaintive, dumb eyes. Then he turned,
and slowly, silently trudged out of the
house and faded into the mystic night.

   Fool that I was to let him go! Witless,
unseeing, selfish fool! Had I but known
—had I but been able to see a few hours
in advance!

   But it’s useless to waste vain regrets. I
was to blame for old Tom’s fate, and the

thought has fanged and accused me ever
since.

  For when the Navajo returned to
"Miner’s Folly”—however, let me tell the
tale as it happened.

I slept soundly that night. One does,
on the desert, no matter what the
events of the day. And in the morning I
followed my regular routine: a stiff, brac-
ing walk, breakfast of the customary eggs
and bacon, and then work.

   I was writing, at that time, a series of
rather boring articles on the great West-
ern deserts for some geographical maga-
zine; and I devoted a portion to the In-
dians that inhabited them. This necessi-
tated a bit of research on my part, and
most of the day I spent in delving into a
few musty volumes I fortunately had on
the subject. Quite accidentally I hap-
pened to strike a chapter explaining in
detail the sign language of the Indian
tribes: the art of speaking through ges-
tures of the hands. It interested me, and
I read it thoroughly.

  But my mind was really occupied with
thoughts of Jean Erskine’s approaching
visit. If you ever saw her, you’d under-
stand how it was.

  So passed Tuesday. Wednesday I real-
ly proved just how crazy I was over the
girl: I cleaned up the house.

  I did not have occasion to go near
"Miner’s Folly,” and the strange appear-
ance of old Tom and his fears passed
gradually from my mind.

  And, early Thursday morning, Jean
rode out of the desert, a guide bringing
her safely through the sandy wastes to my
home.

  She was radiantly beautiful in the
fresh, streaming sunlight; I could see that
her guide, a raw-boned, bronzed, typical
desert Westerner, had fallen for her al-
ready, and I didn’t blame him. Jean’s like
that. This chap put off leaving as long
820

WEIRD TALES

as he could, and when I offered him a
cup of coffee he almost split his long face
with a grateful grin. Jean immediately
began to fuss around the house, crying
out now and again at the perfect atrocity
of my arrangements, and disturbing all
my loving work. She didn’t want any
coffee, so the guide and I sat down by
ourselves in the kitchen—which didn’t
please him any too much.

  "Say, Mistuh Wells,” he drawled
slowly, pouring a full five spoons of
sugar into his drink, “yuh got a queer
neighbor oveh here.”

  "Ared Haggard?”

  "Yes, suh," he said emphatically.
“That’s th’ one. I reckon he’s kinda
cracked, ain’t he?”

  "Strikes me as being sane enough,” I
said, smiling. "Has he got the reputa-
tion of being a bit cracked?”

  "Well, suh,” my guest announced, "I
ain’t got no def’nite dope on him, but I
sure do know he’s hauled an awful lot o'
funny-lookin’ junk into that theh crazy
castle o’ his.”

  "Who’s this?” asked Jean, coming out
from the other room. "Some one near
here?”

  The guide grinned bashfully at her.
"Mistuh Ared Haggard,” he informed
her. "He lives just a mite away from
here in a doggone crazy castle we call
‘Miner’s Folly’.”

  "Castle?” repeated Jean. "Oh, Jim,
you must take me over to see it!”

  "He’s asked us there tonight,” I told
her. "I didn’t know whether you’d
want to go or not.”

  I could see that her curiosity was
aroused, for she said emphatically that
she certainly did want to go. At which
statement the guide perked up his ears.

  "I dunno,” he muttered, "as how I’d
go oveh theh—’specially at night. Yuh
see, miss, this fellah comes down t’ th’
village ever’ oncet in a while an’ hauls ud

a lot o’ queer-lookin’ machinery. Dog-
gone f I know whut he wants it foh!”

  I informed Jean that Haggard evi-
dently had some kind of an invention he
wished to demonstrate to us. "He’s an
unusual type of person,” I finished, "but
perfectly harmless. You’d like to go,
then?”

  "I would!” she said. And that sealed
the matter.

  The guide had sunk into the very
gloomiest of moods, and he soon took his
leave, muttering unintelligible things
about Ared Haggard. Jean sped him on
his way with a smile, however, and that
cheered him up some. Then she came
and sat with me, and we talked. We
went all over the old ground—she trying
to urge me to leave "this awful place,”
and be sensible about the financial diffi-
culty which was postponing our wedding.
And I just as firmly refused.

  After a dreamy afternoon the shades
of night stole over and cooled the desert,
and transformed its rawness into a thing
of soft beauty. "Well,” said Jean,
“you’re just a pig-headed, stubborn old
fool, and I don’t like you a bit. Now
let me get some dinner, and we’ll go and
see this mysterious Mr. Haggard.”

  So we set out.

When I look back on it all, I marvel.
I wonder that at the time I did not
foresee the horror into which we were
placidly walking. And yet, I suppose, I
was not so terribly to blame. It is hard
to realize how very thin the veneer of
civilization, of normalcy, is—how easily
an individual, deluded by opium-like
dreams, can smash it, and recreate for
awhile the barbarous savagery of the dim
ages.

  We walked slowly, my arm around
her, and I knew perfect contentment.
The evening was at its most beautiful
MEN OF STEEL

821

state, romantic, ideal. I was indeed
happy.

  The first glimpse of the castle, how-
ever, changed that mood. It seemed to
sound a muttered, hushed prelude of
what was to come—of the hidden beast
soon to spring upon us. . . .

  I had never seen "Miner’s Folly” look
so ominous.

  The hulking hills behind it threw a
mantle of deep shadows over its gro-
tesque walls; in the rear of the place I
seemed to glimpse lurking figures,
shadow-cloaked; the very air was still and
charged with a peculiar tautness.

  I know that Jean felt it as well as I
did, for she looked up at me and ex-
claimed: "What an uncanny spot this is!”

  "It impresses me more that way this
evening than ever before,” I said.
"D’you think we’d better turn back?”

  She laughed at my suggestion. "But,”
she admitted, "I have a curious sensation
of—of being watched. Does your friend
Haggard always watch the approaching
guest?”

  "No,” I told her. "But I can’t blame
him for watching you.” At which she
laughed again.

  We walked into the brooding shadow
of the doorway. The great door swung
silently open—and there, peering at us
from the dark hall, were Haggard’s eyes.

  For a moment I was wordless. And
while we stood there, like dumb fools,
there was a rattle and a slithering noise
and, behind us, the raised portcullis
dropped down, effectively barring us in.

  "Good Lord!” I exclaimed involun-
tarily. "What-”

  Then Haggard came forward, with
that smile on his lips.

  "I must apologize,” he murmured. "I
did not mean to frighten you—merely
wished to show the young lady what a
really complete mediaeval castle this is.”

  Overcoming my astonishment, I re-

membered my manners and introduced
them.

  "Delighted, Miss Erskine,” said Ared
Haggard, "that you braved my idiosyn-
crasies and came here tonight. Please
excuse me for alarming you with that
contraption."

  His eyes positively gloated over her
body.

  "It did rather astonish me,” she ad-
mitted. "But what a curious place you
have here, Mr. Haggard!”

  "Curious?” he said. "Curious? Well,
perhaps. It suits me, however, exactly.
Sit down, won’t you, and’have a drink?”

  I noticed that he brought the wine
himself this time.

  "Where’s old Tom?” I asked.

  "Busy,” said Ared Haggard. "Busy
in the rear. You’ll see him presently.”

   And we did see him presently. . . .

   I still shiver when I think of it.

   At any rate, we all seated ourselves in
the somehow pregnant silence of the
lofty hall, and I did my best to encourage
a cheerful conversation. So did Jean.
But, after a few minutes, words died on
my lips, and I became conscious of a
strange new noise—a strange new sensa-
tion, rather.

  It was a low, vibrant humming, a
humming that did not assault the ear
only; it seemed rather to enter the whole
body and to set the fibers and muscles
and nerves quivering in sympathy with it.
The nerves, I believe, particularly, for its
deep, almost inaudible buzzing soon had
me irritable and jumpy and at the same
time afraid—of what I do not know. I
was conscious of the steel-barred port-
cullis, of the heavy, tightly closed doors,
of the fact that I was absolutely unarmed.
I tried to convince myself that I was a
suspicious fool, and strove to ignore that
persistent humming. But I could not.
It pierced through all my weak defenses,
and I glanced uneasily at Ared Haggard.
822

WEIRD TALES

  He was watching me with the eyes of
a hawk.

  He was waiting for something, wait-
ing, waiting.

  Waiting for what?

  And then I remembered the rich port
wine he had given us. My God! That
was it! Even as I thought of it, the dim
walls above seemed to crumple, to sway,
to jig and dance and pound to the
rhythm of the hypnotic humming. And
soon the narrowed, gleaming eyes of
Ared Haggard had joined that mad caper-
ing; they too were leaping up and down,
up and down, up and down. . . .

  Frantically I stared at Jean Erskine.
Her head had fallen over on her shoul-
der; she was asleep! Drugged!

  I dragged at my limbs; I forced my
leaden lips open; an abortive shriek came
from them in the guise of a miserable
groan. I tried to get up, and, trembling,
half arose. Then my legs turned to
clay; I staggered and fell.

  Ared Haggard’s thin eyes surveyed
our helpless bodies mockingly. Mock-
ingly—and triumphantly.

  This was the night we were to see his
invention. Only now can I understand
the grim, sardonic humor of the man, the
way he toyed with me, deliberately baited
and enticed me through my curiosity.

  Yes, we were to see his invention. We
were to feel it!

Have you ever been under ether?
You have an inkling, then, of the
sensations, utterly mad and fantastic,
which surged through my brain during
that helpless period when I lay a victim
of the drugs of the master of "Miner’s
Folly.”

  I seem to recall a malevolent, lank
face, with the smile of the devil himself
scourging its lips, coming close to mine;
and shudderingly I remember the foul
beat of its breath. I could not avoid it;

I was no better than a limp corpse. I
did not know whom this grinning face
belonged to, for there was, of course, no
remembrance in my doped brain of pre-
vious events. I recall being slung like a
bag of flour over a bony shoulder. A
bolt-studded door opened; I was carried,
I think, into a large white room bathed
in the most awful radiance I have ever
beheld. I could not, then, define it; I
was merely conscious of it.

  Next, in this macabre, distorted epi-
sode, there came the vision of a hideous
monster with a huge, jerkily moving
body of dull metal.

   I remember feeling the press of straps
being fastened around me, binding me to
some kind of chair. Before me moved
two figures, one lean and long-legged,
the other the monster of steel.

   Then I sank into a black gulf, and ap-
parently slept. Of this time I recall ab-
solutely nothing.

  Outside, the night thickened. The
moOn was on the other side of the world.
Only a slow wind moaned around the
desert castle called "Miner’s Folly.”

   At about twelve, I think, I awoke.

  I did not know, for the moment,
where I was. The first thing I saw when
my senses had partially returned was the
bound, gagged figure of Jean Erskine,
harnessed to a peculiar chair, over which
hung a round headpiece of sheeny metal,
sprouting a myriad of spidery wires.

  I tried to call to her. I could not!
My mouth, too, was gagged!

   It was then that I turned my attention
to the rest of the room; and it was then
that my blood choked icily in my veins.
It was then that the full realization of the
situation we were in smote me with a
sickening thud. And it was then that
I cursed myself, and felt the pricking
sweat spurt through my pores.

  For we were behind those mysterious
locked doors; we were face to face with
MEN OF STEEL

823

the deviltry I had unknowingly called
Ared Haggard’s "hobby.”

   Jean and I were alone, for the moment,
in the room. And I was staring with
bulging eyes at a contraption whidi I do
not even pretend to understand, a con-
traption which still leads me to believe
that Ared Haggard was a genius—not a
madman. No madman could have de-
vised and perfected that machine. It
came from a cool and logical brain, not a
disordered one. Although, to be sure, a
genius is not a normal person. He lives
in a world apart from ours.

  To begin with, set in the white floor
perhaps five feet in front of me was a
deep vat, in which simmered a liquid that
astounded my eyes with its constantly
changing colors. And, more amazing
still, this liquid seemed oddly transpar-
ent, for I could plainly see the bottom of
the vat through it.

  Next I discovered that the chair in
which Jean was bound had small wheels
on its legs, and these wheels were set on
a pair of miniature rails, resembling
street-car lines. And—good Lord!—the
rails led to the brink of the liquid-filled
vat!

   My chair was similarly outfitted.

  In the rear of the room bulked a huge
black device shaped like a dynamo, and
from this droned the low humming I had
heard earlier in the evening. A confusion
of cables led from it, some extending to
the vat in the floor, wrapping around it,
I judged, underground; others went to a
sort of switchboard arrangement, from
which fresh relays of cables wound to a
flat platform that reminded me of an
operating-table. And on this table lay
two grotesque, hideous figures, molded
in the external form of human bodies.

   But they were made of steel!

  Then, with a shudder, I recalled the
man of metal that had moved jerkily be-

fore my drug-crazed eyes when I was first
carried into this room.

  Was that man a reality? I hardly
dared think.

   I noticed Jean’s eyelids begin to flicker;
presently they opened full, and she gazed
at me. She did not, as yet, realize where
she was. I prayed that, by some mercy,
the drug would have a lingering effect on
her brain, and that she would not be
fully conscious of whatever we were
doomed to suffer.

  But the horror that dawned and grew
in her large eyes forced me to abandon
that hope.

  I could not speak, could not comfort
and reassure her—that was the hell of it.
I could merely stare and try vainly to
speak to her through my eyes.

  A mad idea of struggling free entered
my head. I inspected, as best I could,
my bonds. I found that tight leather
straps circled my body just above the el-
bows, clamping the upper parts of my
arms to me, allowing me to move the
lower part freely. My legs were also
tied to the chair. I thought of tearing
the gag from my mouth with my free
hands; but this proved hopeless. The
head was held firmly upward, and my
fingers could not reach it by at least three
inches.

  No use! No use! There was no es-
cape!

  At that moment one of the doors
swung open. And Ared Haggard
stepped into the room.

  He did not appear to notice us, but
walked to the switchboard, fiddled with
a few levers and then put what looked
like a pair of radio earphones on his
head. For some time he listened, again
adjusted the levers, and next pulled full
over a large control switch.

  The low humming soared upward,
grew to a quick, vibrant drone. Hag-
gard appeared to be satisfied. He took
824

WEIRD TALES

off the headphones and walked toward
us, his captives.

  I imagine the look in my eyes must
have been murderous, for he glanced at
me and then laughed—a harsh, delib-
erate cackle.

  "My dear Wells,” he chuckled, "I’m
afraid you’re taking this altogether in the
wrong spirit. Please try to see it in its
true light. You and the young lady are
—er—lending your valuable selves to a
glorious enterprise, not a mad butchering
of bodies. I’m sorry that I was, of neces-
sity, such a poor host tonight, but you’ll
realize, I feel positive, that the course I
took was the only possible one. Really,
I swear to you, if you were capable of
conducting this operation, I’d willingly
change places with you. You look at it
in such a material way! Man’s progress
must always be made through sacrifice;
the scientist, the prophet of a new day, is
forced to stern measures in order to bring
about his improvements. You can rest
assured that in after years your name, and
that of your fiancee, will be hallowed and
honored; will be always coupled with
that of Ared Haggard. Though you do
not realize it now, that alone is ample
reward for what you must submit to to-
night.”

  He glanced down at the vat of radiant
liquid.

  "This,” he continued, "is a mixture of
various chemicals which neutralizes cer-
tain acidic forces in the body and aggra-
vates others. You will find, I believe,
that the vat treatment is the only down-
right uncomfortable one of the whole
process. I really envy you your expe-
rience of it, your nervous reactions! After
a few moments of rather painful penetra-
tion, you will have the feeling of leaving
your body, of floating in an ecstatical
medium; the head-clamp you’ll observe
just over your chairs will transfer certain
qualities of your brain to the steel figures

over there. This involves a profound
formula never yet stumbled upon by
science; it plants in the robots—but wait.
I’ll demonstrate the thing to you.” He
held up a lean forefinger.

  "Remember,” he pronounced, slowly
and gravely, "this is not an experiment!
My method has been proved! h is a
reality!”

He turned to the open door, which
led into a room behind the one we
were in.

  "Come!” he said sharply.

  There was a dull, heavy tread. A
monster seemed to be moving. And
then there strode in a thing that eclipses
the figments of the craziest nightmare.

  It was the man of metal.

  It stood about six feet five; its trunk
was merely a barrel-like casing of steel;
squat on top of it was the creature’s head,
resembling the casque of mediaeval
knights. Mechanical? Yes. But from
the head glowed two eyes that were
alive!

  They were now fixed dumbly on Hag-
gard, who stood surveying it smilingly.
The thing’s arms swung from ball-like
swivels imbedded in the huge shoulders;
one of them ended in short, stumpy fin-
gers; the other a pointed, sharp shear. It
stood on wide pads of feet, stood firmly,
solidly.

  I saw that Jean had closed her eyes,
and I was grateful.

  "Bend over!” ordered Haggard. And
the creature instantly bent, jerkily, but as
if sure of what it was doing.

  "Straighten up!”

  Each command it followed, exactly,
precisely.

  "The power of individual thought,”
said Ared Haggard, "has been excluded.
In short, the robot has no soul, though
possessing the other human qualities of
hearing, seeing, and obeying orders.
MEN OF STEEL

825

This one can not speak. Why? Because
the man it was formed from was dumb.”
My God! It struck me like a thunder-
bolt. This was old Tom, the Navajo
servant!

  I strained at my gag, my bonds. Use-
less, useless!

  "Yes,” said Ared Haggard, as if read-
ing my thoughts, "this is the Navajo In-
dian you knew as old Tom. Unfortu-
nately, he was the only material I had to
experiment with. You can see why I
wanted two perfect bodies to transform
into robot shape.

  "Can you appreciate what this inven-
tion means? Armies of robots, the con-
summation of the mechanical age!”

  Thus he talked. I watched his thin
eyes, his triumphant face, his leering
smile, and I knew we could expect no
mercy from him.

  "It will make me,” he said, "master of
the world! But enough. I have par-
tially explained ' the beauties of the
method to you; you can thus appreciate
it. ... I think I will take the girl first.”
He returned to the switchboard, put on
the earphones, touched a lever. Imme-
diately the helmet-like thing above Jean’s
chair swung down, fitting neatly over her
head. The noise of the motor leaped to
an infernal roar. In the vat, the liquid
bubbled anew, a veritable rainbow of
dazzling colors rioting through it. Hag-
gard pressed a button; the chair in which
the girl was bound rolled with terrible
deliberation toward the edge of the vat.

  This was agony! I strained, tried
vainly to release myself..

  And then a mad hope flashed through
my brain.

  Haggard’s back was toward me. He
was hunched over, listening intently,
waiting, I fancy, for the exact moment to
plunge the victim into the simmering
fluid. Old Tom—the robot, rather—
was standing where his master had left

him, his ghastly eyes pointed, by some
chance, toward me. But there was, of
course, no recognition, no thought, no
life in them.

  Jean’s chair was slowly tilting on the
brink. In a second Haggard would cut
her bonds and so force her into the liquid.

  Then, with desperate concentration, I
raised my hands. Waved them, to at-
tract the robot’s attention. Pounded one
fist into the palm of the other.

 Why?

  The Indian sign language!

  Would he respond? Would he under-
stand? Again I repeated the signal,

meaning "You-” And this time I

thought I could detea a gleam of com-
prehension in the metal monster’s star-
ing eyes.

  Frantically my hands moved. And he
was watching me! “You,” I signaled,
"release—me.” And repeated it again
and again.

  It was then that I blessed my casual
study of the hand language—a study
which I had paid much attention to years
before, and which I had refreshed just
two days ago.

  For the robot moved ponderously
toward me.

  I could have shouted in my exultation.
Haggard was still stooped at the switch-
board; the roar of the machine was
deafening. And Jean had seen what I
was attempting to do; there was hope in
the eyes that had previously held hope-
lessness.

  The robot’s right hand raised jerkily;
the shear sped down—and sliced through
a portion of my bonds!

  My arms were free!

  Haggard must have sensed something,
for of a sudden he whirled around. A
roar came from his twisted lips; he sprang
toward us. He shouted an order at the
robot; but the tumult of the machinery
drowned it.
826

WEIRD TALES

  My legs were free!

  I bounded up, still partially gagged,
but otherwise gloriously capable. A
vicious swing of my right hand caught
Ared Haggard flush on his pointed jaw.
He staggered, flailed at me. But I was
sure of myself. I stepped back and
belted him cleanly again.

 The blow drove him back. He
tripped, and fell, shrieking, into the vat
of chemicals.

  Horror-struck, I rushed up, and peered
down into the liquid. The sight sent a
shiver over me.

  The man’s clothes seemed to have van-
ished. His whole, naked body had gone
a weird greenish-white. As I watched,
it changed to a purpiy tint. His face
was that of a dead man. Yet there must
still have been consciousness in him, for,
before my bulging eyes, his lips writhed
—and he smiled!

  I couldn’t stand it. That smile! Fev-
erishly I undid Jean Erskine, hauled her
from the chair. She slipped down onto
the floor in a faint. Then I rushed to
the switchboard, with some crazy notion
of stopping the roaring machine. As I
pulled frantically at the switches I beheld

one of the metal figures on the operating-
table stir slightly. It was coming to
life!

  I jammed over the main switch. There
was a crash and an insane bellow, and
clouds of dense white smoke billowed
into the room. I saw tongues of fire
lick out. With what strength I had left
I picked up the girl and staggered from
the place.

  The portcullis barred the main en-
trance, but I broke one of the long win-
dows, shoved Jean through, and finally
felt the breath of the sane night once
more on my brow.

  A second later, it seemed, there was a
rending explosion, and "Miner’s Folly”
crumpled to the ground.

I have never set foot on that desert
since. Men might have discovered
and wondered at the ruins of the castle—
I do not know. I am content with my
wife, and my life with her has partially
erased the scars of the night Ared Hag-
gard showed us his "hobby.”

  Partially, I said. Yes. Nothing can
erase the memory of his last smile. . . .
The Story Thus Far

Dr. PEABODY, taking to California a mysterious talis-
man entrusted him by a reputed witch on her
death-bed, accepts the apropos invitation of Job Scud-
der, airship magnate, to fly west. He finds that Quint,
his recently discharged employe, has been taken on
the “Queen” as mechanic, and foresees trouble, since
Quint is a secret emissary Of certain Initiates who
wish to gain possession of the talisman. Leda, Scud-
der’s pretty niece, appears deeply disturbed at the
presence of Henry Winch, secretary to a guest on the
"Queen.” Quint gets control of the “Queen” and kid-
naps the entire party. His associates have already
brought the god Pan into materialization, and pro-
pose to make Leda high priestess.

M

   CHAPTER 12

EANTIME, in another room of

the temple-

   "Wait here,” commanded
Quint to the following party. "I shall
bring Miss Scudder to you presently.” In
answer to the unspoken question on old
Job’s face, he added, "And Mr. Winch,
of course. They are perfectly safe, I as-
sure you. We only brought them here
ahead of you because they were on this
side of the closed portal last night. While
you are waiting, breakfast will be served.”

  Gemma was still sobbing "Pan!” under
her breath in a terrified manner, as she
clung to Larry Weaver’s arm, leaving his
pistol hand, with remarkable perspicacity,
free. Quint’s eyes regarded her disdain-
fully.

  The escort of quaintly garbed soldiers
left the party when Quint had motioned
them into the great, high-ceiled room
where they were to wait. Couches were
arranged in the ancient Roman fashion
about a central table, upon which glowed
the enticing colors of mellowed fruits
in red, yellow, purple, pale green. Three
serving women .in gayly colored robes
were setting steaming platters of food
upon the table.

  Quint departed unobtrusively, but
Larry Weaver noted that two sentinels
were left outside the door. He shook off
the hand of the sobbing Gemma not un-
kindly and put the pistol back into its
holster. His eyes sought the doctor’s.

This story began in WEIRD TALES for October.

827

^Portal to Pouter

   Gve^e-L^ SPina.

                                                       "With an animal-like snarl the Goat-man
                                                       was upon her."
828

WEIRD TALES

  "I suppose we might as well eat?” said
Larry. "If what that chap said is O. K.,
Miss Scudder’ll be here in safety pres-
ently.”

  "That statement does give one appe-
tite,” returned the old doctor. "Come,
Gemma, don’t be so terrified. They don’t
intend to harm us as far as I can see.
Calm yourself, my girl.”

  The Italian girl stood before him, her
head hanging. Then she raised her oval
face, and the liquid dark eyes met his
with such terror in their depths that he
felt a cold shudder run over him.

  "You tell me to be calm and un-
afraid, sir. Why, how can I, when they
have brought Pan back to earth? Is it
possible you don’t know what that
means?”

  Job Scudder cut her short bruskly.
"Don’t make a fool of yourself, Gem-
ma. Pan is nothing but a myth.”

  Doctor Peabody turned a troubled face
upon his friend.

  "I’m not so sure of that, Job,” he said.

  "Don’t tell me that you-?”

  "My friend, what is happening to us is
so incredible that it makes me feel that
nothing is impossible to people who have
set their wills upon it,” returned the doc-
tor seriously. "I am sure that this kid-
napping has at its root”—he lowered his
voice cautiously—"the theft of the stone
I am carrying to the Circle of Light.”
"Let diem have it, by all means, if
they’ll let us all go,” Job urged with
eagerness. “A geological specimen sur-
rounded by an old woman’s fanciful no-
tions . . . would you let that stand in the
way of our freedom from this intolerable
situation?”

  The doctor shook his white head slow-
ly, lips compressed.

  "That I can not do. I mean, Job, I
must keep my word to old Hannah.
Moreover, I am convinced that matters of

grave import depend upon the safe de-
livery of that talisman into the right
hands. Well, we shall see what we shall
see. Meantime, as Quint suggested, sup-
pose we have breakfast? Whatever is to
happen, we will be the better for nour-
ishment. I must admit that I am hungry,”
he confessed, with a half-smile.

  "I don’t know that I can eat,” began
Job, but the doctor’s hand under his
elbow urged him toward the table. The
party followed the example of the two
older men, and were soon distributed
about upon the divans.

  The serving women brought a con-
vincingly modern breakfast of orange-
juice, bacon, eggs, rolls, coffee and mar-
malade. Gemma alone could not eat. Her
terrified eyes rolled toward the door
every few minutes as if she expected
something fearful and portentous to ap-
pear at the threshold and wished to be
ready to hide herself when it came.

THE party had hardly started to eat
when a sound at the door caught
their attention. Henry Winch, holding
the Airedale on the leash, came briskly
into the room, scanning all the faces
there with anxiety.

  "Where’s Leda?” he asked abruptly of
Job.

  Larry’s head turned and he stared sus-
piciously at the speaker who took such a
liberty.

  "Quint says she’ll be here presently,”
replied Job Scudder quickly. "Better eat,
Winch, while you’ve the chance. None
of us knows what we’re confronting.”

  Henry Winch shook his head.

  "I can’t eat,” said he. "But Whiskers
could, and Suki, I presume.”

  On the dog’s now patient and accus-
tomed back Suki was riding in triumph.
Gemma called the marmoset to her, and
began peeling a banana for the tiny ani-
THE PORTAL TO POWER

829

mal. When the Airedale sniffed the air
wistfully, the Italian girl snatched up a
platter from the table and regaled the
dog with bacon and eggs.

  Henry Winch replied to the queries of
die doctor that he had been drugged in
some way or chloroformed, and had
wakened to find himself on a divan in a
great room, and that immediately he had
regained consciousness Quint must have
been sent for. Quint had told him that
the rest of the party were waiting for him.

  As he talked, his anxious eyes were
always on the door, and at last his watch-
fulness was rewarded. At the sound of
advancing feet, the sentinels stood to one
side to permit the entrance of a gilded
litter carried by four men as black as
ebony, their muscular bodies draped with
leopardskins. The litter was set upon
the ground, and the black bearers stood
back, folding great arms upon their
chests, faces impassive.

  "Leda!” cried out Henry Winch,
springing to the litter and drawing
heavily embroidered curtains to one side
with a clatter of sliding rings. "Leda!
Leda! Speak to me!”

  He leaned down frantically.

  "Doctor Peabody, is she--?” Agon-
ized entreaty rang in the secretary’s voice.

  Old Job had somehow reached the lit-
ter before the physician could rise from
his divan. The tired gray face bent down.
With one hand he motioned back the
crowding Larry, Gemma, and Sir Hubert.

  "Give her air,” ordered the doctor,
pushing his way among them. "She’s
perfectly all right,” he added, after a
moment’s brief examination. "Coming
out of a faint, that’s all.”

  Henry Winch’s keen young eyes did
not move from the pale face of the girl
who lay back among the silken cushions.
When her lips trembled slightly and her
eyelids lifted drowsily, a kind of sobbing

came from his throat. "Leda!” he whis-
pered, low and tenderly. "Come back,
dear.”

  As if his voice had crossed the thresh-
old of her drifting consciousness, the girl
opened her eyes widely, crying out as she
did so: "Hubert! Help! Help!”

  Sir Hubert uttered a choking sound, his
eyes seeking those of the Italian girl, who
rewarded him with a look of utter hate
and scorn, then knelt at her mistress’s
side.

  "Padrona! It is Gemma.”

  Leda raised herself to a sitting posture
and looked about her in a half-dazed
manner. Her gaze drifted over Gemma,
Sir Hubert, Larry Weaver. It rested for
a moment upon Henry Winch’s solicitous
face. It passed the doctor by, and
wavered to old Job. Her arms lifted to
him, her one secure refuge.

  "Uncle Job! Save me, Uncle Job! Save
me from the Goat-man!”

  She was safe in his arms, against his
heart, then. Over her head that lay on his
breast, old Job’s eyes sought his friend’s.
Stark amazement and dire dismay was in
his own.

  It was Gemma who voiced their
thoughts.

  "She has seen Pan! Pan is unleashed
upon the world! Dio!"

  She beat her breast with clenched fists,
wailing.

  "Take that woman to the other end of
the room and make her shut up,” or-
dered the doctor sharply to Larry Weaver,
who raised the shrieking girl and half
led, half dragged her, to the other side of
the table.

  "Will you save me? Can you?” sobbed
Leda hysterically, all her young bravado
gone. "Look!”

  She tore at that coronet above her
smooth brow, but the old doctor stayed
her hand gently.
830

WEIRD TALES

  "Wait, my dear. Until we know what
this means, it may be wiser to leave that
insignia of high authority where it is
now.”

  "These clothes!” gasped Leda.

  "Most becoming,” the doctor reassured
her, in a matter-of-fact voice, his eyes far
away nevertheless. "Just calm yourself,
my dear, and tell us exactly what has up-
set you.”

  The tone, the direct query, calmed
Leda. She withdrew from her uncle’s
embrace shamefacedly, dashing away the
tears of sheer terror and panic that had
sprung to her brown eyes.

  "Doctor, they have a monstrosity down
here that they worship. A thing like a
goat, but with a man’s body above the
waist,” she explained, trying her best to
keep the high note of hysteria from her
voice. "He even had little black horns
. . . and Quint called it Pan.”

  A loud wail greeted the last word.
Gemma, rocking her body to and fro
despairingly, sobbed louder than ever.

  The old physician’s face was grave.
"Then these clothes and your coronet
signify something?”

  "I’m supposed to become the high
priestess of that goat-thing.”

  Suddenly Leda’s sense of humor got
the better of her, now that she was back
in her own party. She saw the look of
solicitude plainly portrayed on the face of
the secretary. Her pride braced her into
a burst of laughter.

  "This is too absurd,” cried out Leda.
"Quint said that if I didn’t comply with
their wishes, you folks would be thrown
to the Pan-worshippers to be torn to bits.
This masquerade is too silly for words.
I mean, now isn’t it idiotic?

  "Larry lend me your pistol, will you?
If I get near that disgusting goat-thing
again, I’m going to see what it’s made of.
If it’s flesh and blood, it ought to die,”

declared Leda. "If it isn’t”—her voice
faltered—"if it isn’t—the more reason I
should have a weapon.”

  Larry Weaver did not speak. He took
the gun from the holster and gave it to
her. She thrust it inside the bodice of
her golden robe.

  "At least, I’ve the way out,” said she.
"Oh, Uncle Job, I’m afraid!”

  Henry Winch came softly to her side.
"Leda—they—they haven’t dared hurt
you, have they?” asked his deep, melo-
dious voice.

  Leda looked up from her uncle’s
shoulder, where she had again sought
refuge, met those grave eyes and shook
her head. In that fleeting moment none
of the previous ugly hate shone in her
own eyes. With a sigh of relief, the sec-
retary stepped back unobtrusively.

  "But what, if I may ask, is this all
about?” inquired Larry Weaver briskly.
"I don’t want to push myself forward,
sir,” said Larry to old Job, "but it appears
as if we ought to try to figure things out
a bit and find out what’s going to be
asked of us.”

  "That is very simple,” said a voice
from the doorway.

  Everybody turned. Quint stood there.

His whole proceeding is an out-
rage,” cried Sir Hubert in a high,
angry voice.

  Quint shot a scornful look at the
speaker. Then he turned to the doctor.

  "Doctor Peabody, I must have the
talisman Hannah Wake gave you. You
know well how I have been cheated out
of it. It will be well for you if you de-
liver it to me without further ado.”

  "And if I refuse?” The doctor’s voice
was low; his faded blue eyes sharply upon
Quint’s determined face.

  "I shall be obliged to have resort to
force, which I would very much regret.”
THE PORTAL TO POWER

831

  “I understand,” said the doctor, but
made no move to deliver the talisman.
"And if I give it to you, may I ask what
use is to be made of it?”

  Into the younger man’s eyes shot a
flame of proud and fiery emotion.

  "You know what that stone is—the

portal to superhuman power-”

  "Just what power in particular is it
destined to aid in entering this mortal
plane?” pursued the old doctor doggedly.
Almost fiercely Quint replied.

  "Does it matter by what route, through
what agency, light-hearted happiness
comes to a world' drowning in sorrow
and pain?”

  "Quint, you are evading a direct reply.
There is something behind what appears
simple and high-minded on your part.
Your methods of attaining innocent hap-
piness are entirely wrong; they fill me
with suspicion. So,” said the old doctor
with staunch determination, "I refuse to
give you the talisman.”

  Quint’s teeth ground together. "Then
I must seize it!”

  "I know I am an old man, and not as
strong as once I was,” said the doctor
gently, "but by taking this talisman from
me , . . Consider, Quint. You lose the
power of entry from higher planes. Evil

will be the talisman’s powers-”

  "You are right. Well, perhaps it would
be best for you to come with me to the
high priest. He may be able to explain
things better than I.”

  He turned, motioning imperiously for
the doctor to follow him.

  "Farewell, old friend,” murmured the
doctor to Job Scudder.

  "Farewell?” repeated the airplane mag-
nate, troubled.

  "I do not know,” said the doctor, his
smile very sweet, "whether I shall be per-
mitted to return, or not.”

  "Give me the stone, then,” whispered

Job. "At least, that may delay things a
little.”

  Unnoted, Leda had listened to the two
men’s low voices. "Is there danger to
you, Doctor, in that stone?”

  “Why, yes, my dear,” said he simply.
"Then drop it inside my bodice,” she
whispered. "Who could believe that /
had it?”

  The doctor looked at her earnest face
for a moment, then leaned over her. “I
leave with you,” said he softly, "the hope
of the world, or its greatest menace—-
who knows whidi? If I do not return,
child, do what your heart prompts you,
with this stone.”

  He followed Quint’s marching feet, his
gallant old form straight, his leonine
head high.

  "Uncle Job! What is this talisman?"
whispered Leda.

  Job shook his head. "My dear, I don’t
know, but John says it is something mys-
terious and supernatural that could do all
manner of evil in the wrong hands.
Also, as you may have gathered from that
interchange of conversation between the
doctor and Quint, the stone must be
given, if it is to yield the highest results.”
Leda’s hands went to her breast, press-
ing into her warm flesh the small cold
thing that the doctor’s hand had dropped
there when he bent over her in farewell.

  "Oh, what a terrible responsibility I
have undertaken! Hubert!”

  She withdrew herself from old Job’s
arms and threw back her young shoul-
ders under their golden webbing. At
sight of her resolved and pale face Henry
Winch took a step toward her, then
waited, his eyes on hers.

  "For all that was your fault, I forgive
you, Henry Winch,” said she firmly.
"And for all that was my fault, I ask
your pardon.”
832

WEIRD TALES

  He stood rooted to the spot, regarding
her with agonized eyes.

  "I do not know what terrible thing we
may yet have to face, and I do not wish
to go into it with bitterness in my heart,
for we may not come out of it alive.”
"Leda, my darling!”

  Larry Weaver’s look at Henry Winch
was grave. To Leda he said: "If there is
anything I can do, tell me. You ought to
know that I am completely at your
service.”

  The girl hesitated, then drew herself
up proudly.

  "Thank you, there is nothing that any
one can do for me now, I fear. I must
walk alone.”

  Even as she spoke, there was the clash
of metal at the doorway and Quint ap-
peared, his face dark with anger.

  "The litter awaits you, Miss Scudder.
Everything depends upon you now. If
you can take a sensible view of things, all
will go well with this entire party. If you
can not, other steps must and will be
taken,” said he, menace in words, voice
and flashing eyes.

  The Airedale was straining at the
leash, muttering low growls, curling his
lips back against his white teeth.

"Leda,” murmured the agonized voice
of Henry Winch, "if this cur is annoying
you, say so, and I’ll quiet him, at least.”
Quint cast a threatening look at the
secretary.

  "Don’t be a fool,” said he curtly. "Dis-
pose of me, and find a hundred men
sprung up where I stood.”

  Leda intervened quickly.

  "No, Henry Winch, you can do noth-
ing for me. It is my cue for action. I
must go. I see it now. It is up to me.
I—I have—protection,” she said, her eyes
on his, and he knew that she spoke of
Larry’s automatic.

  Larry himself was at her side, fists

clenched, lean face working with emo-
tion.

  "No, Larry, there must be no disturb-
ance,” Leda cried hastily, quieting him
with a touch of one hand on his arm.

  "No harm will be done Miss Scudder
or any of you if she proves amenable to
her high destiny,” Quint declared.

  Head high, as the old doctor had gone
before her, the girl went outside and
mounted the litter.

  "Holy Virgin! We are all lost! We
are in the hands of the Pan-people!”
screamed the Italian girl hysterically, and
fell back on the divan writhing in an
agony of apprehension. "We shall never
see my mistress again!”

   In the silence that followed, the eyes
of the secretary met those of Job Scudder
incredulously. When the younger man
started toward the door, drawing the gal-
lant Airedale with him, the old magnate
put out a restraining hand.

   "They are too many for us,” said he in
sad resignation. "We must await the
event.”

CHAPTER 13

A small room, draped with em-
broidered velvet hangings on every
side. Light fell goldenly from the glass
dome in the ceiling upon a great bench
on which was seated that old and rever-
end priest whom Leda had seen before.
His benignant gaze was upon her, and
he moved to one side to make place for
her when she alighted from the litter. In
silence, watchfully, the girl awaited his
words, while the litter-bearers departed
lightfooted from the room.

  "We are quite alone, maiden,” said
the priest in a normal tone. "We can be
quite frank with each other.”

  "Your frankness might begin with
telling me where Doctor Peabody is,”
Leda answered quickly.

                     W. T.—7
THE PORTAL TO POWER

833

  "He is already returning to your little
party, in just as good shape as he went
from it,” replied the priest, smiling.

  "But he was threatened-”

  "He should not have been,” said the
priest, his face clouding over. "I fear my
grandson Quint exceeds his instructions in
his anxiety to bring about that which we
are all aiming at.”

  "Undoubtedly,” Leda observed dryly,
with a shrug of her shoulders. "I fancy
he was to blame for injuring our mechan-
ic, so that he could go in the poor fel-
low’s place in the 'Queen’.”

  "I wonder, sometimes, if the end does
truly justify the means,” cogitated the
priest aloud. "Well, you mention that the
doctor was threatened. He has refused to
deliver to us the talisman that is the con-
necting link between us and the Powers
Beyond.”

  "Well, what are you going to do about
it?” asked the girl.

  The priest regarded her oddly.

  "We will have it in our hands sooner
or later, for to gain that stone any of our
little company would wade through
blood, because of what that stone may
mean to the world. Moreover, maiden, the
physician—when he realized that we were
determined to have the stone—confessed
that he had hidden it in the bosom of
the Great Mother.” .

  The girl could not restrain from a
slight start, but caught herself quickly
and regarded the priest’s impassive face
narrowly.

  "That can mean one of two things,”
he went on serenely. "He hoped to mis-
lead us, without giving us the direct lie.
It may be that his trip West is a feint to
draw us off the trail, and that he has
left the talisman at home, buried in the
garden. Perhaps, on the other hand, he
has slipped it into the bosom of the Great
Mother of Humanity—a woman.”

    W. T.—8

   With difficulty the girl controlled her-
self, but she knew that her efforts at self-
control had not passed unobserved.

  "If you are to be frank with me, tell
me why you must have that stone?”

  For a long moment the high priest
scrutinized the girl’s fair face thought-
fully. Then a sudden smile broke across
his countenance, and he nodded his head
several times.

  "Your destiny is high. If you accept
it, even my authority must bow to yours,
for you will be the spokeswoman for the
most high gods. So, my child, I will be
frank.

  "The stone I seek must be placed
here,” and his fingers touched that hol-
low opening in the jeweled breastplate he
wore. "It is the Portal to Power. By its
judicious and consecrated use the initiated
wearer may open the door to other planes
of existence, and may invite other and
higher beings to this plane, that the
world may benefit greatly.”

  "Suppose you had (his stone, what
would be my part to play?”

   "A dedicated virgin is always a neces-
sity when supernal powers are invoked,
my child, for a lad old enough to realize
the potency of chastity and yet young
enough to be chaste is a difficult human
being to find.”

  "What do you mean by 'dedicated’?”
"Do not be afraid. We do not want
blood. We are all dedicated to the same
grand object, happiness for the entire
world, we who have begun by worship-
ping Pan, the god of simple nature.
You, my child, would have the felicity to
embody within yourself the power, the
wonders, that are now waiting disem-
bodied, on another plane.”

  "In spite of your aim, such a dedica-
tion sounds terrifying to me,” faltered
the girl.

  "You need not fear. Your own entity
834

WEIRD TALES

would be maintained, except at such times
as the use of the talisman would enable
those great and beneficent forces to use
your body for their tremendous purposes.
Yours would be the part of a most
exalted priestess, spokeswoman for the
high gods.

  "Oh, believe me, maiden, you would
be bringing the world periodical aban-
donment to the ancient wild joy in life,
such as it has not seen since the sad-faced
Christian era. Can you not understand
what it would mean to tired humanity to
be able to escape its heavy burdens with-
out the use of intoxicating liquors or
habit-forming drugs?”

  "It sounds wonderful,” Leda mur-
mured reluctantly. "But if it is all right,
why won’t the doctor give you the
talisman?”

  "First, because he has promised to de-
liver it elsewhere, and he is a man of his
word. So it can not be given by him, but
must be taken away, and that would never
do for us, because of the mysterious qual-
ities of the stone that carries good only
when it is given. Now do you under-
stand his attitude?”

  She nodded, face thoughtful.

  "I know, by the way, where the doctor
has hidden the talisman.”

  Keen black eyes narrowed upon the
paling face of the girl.

  ■"You know?” stammered she, and one
hand went to her bosom instinctively.

  The high priest’s slow smile told her
that she had betrayed herself and her
charge. Angry tears of chagrin clouded
her eyes.

  "Even if you know where it is, I can
under no circumstances give it to any one,
without the doctor’s permission.”

  "I think his permission has been
tacitly given,” suggested the priest, smil-
ing insinuatingly. "He has given me a

hint of where it is, and he gave the
stone, did he not?”

   "I shall not give it up,” Leda said.

   The priest’s clean-shaven lips stirred in
a sigh.

   "Child, you are very obstinate. In that
case, we must try other methods of per-
suasion. You see, maiden, you must give
that stone to me; it must go into its
destined place,” and he touched again
the hollow in his breastplate of fiery
jewels.

  Leda confronted him, her expression
determined.

  "I shall not give it up," she pro-
nounced definitely. “If you wish to do
good with it—which I must say I doubt
—you will have to stop right here, for
you dare not take it from me.”

  "So be it, my child. Then I must turn
you over to one who can perhaps per-
suade you better than I.”

  He rose, and beckoned.

  "Follow me.”

  "To whom are you taking me?”

  "Pan must see you, and must decide if
his power is sufficient to break the spell
of evil that will rest upon the talisman if
it is taken from you by force,” explained
the priest sadly.

  At that hidden threat, Leda grew
paler. Then with compressed lips, her
hand tightly against her bosom where
the talisman and Larry’s lethal weapon
lay together, she followed the high priest.

IT was the same room to which Quint
had conducted her before. The curtain
concealed the dais but it could not deaden
certain sounds that caused the high priest
to check his forward stride with a quick
breath, his brow frowning.

  Like a warning rang his hail: "Evohe,
Pan!”

  Behind the heavy curtain sounded
tripping feet, and as the Goat-man
THE PORTAL TO POWER

835

whipped aside the silken drapery, Leda’s
quick eye caught the fluttering garments
of a woman; her ear knew a woman’s
soft, mocking laughter. The Creature,
thick lips twitching with sulky resent-
ment, addressed his priest angrily.

  "Why this intrusion?”

   "Great Pan, is it well that you should
so soon forget your high intent?” re-
proached the high priest. "I know—I
understand—it is your prerogative—
but-”

  The Goat-man’s small eyes glowered
for a moment, then moved ever so slowly
to the golden figure of the girl who faced
him, braced for she knew not what. The
thick lips quirked in an impish smile.

  "Has the maiden consented?” asked he.

  The high priest bowed low.

  "She is stubborn, great Pan. In her
bosom she hides the Portal to Power, and
refuses to place it where it belongs, that
the world may laugh again. I have
brought her to you for persuasion.”

  The smile widened.

   "It is well. Retire, oh bringer of good
tidings. The maiden will consent,” smiled
Pan, thick lips a-leer, "so you may lay
upon this dais your breastplate in readi-
ness."

  At the movement of the old man to go,
Leda caught at his robe in momentary
panic.

  "Oh, don’t leave me alone—with—
that!”

   Mirth convulsed the sly features of the
Goat-man.

   "Give her an attendant, by all means,”
he tittered. "Send her the black slave
whom she knows.”

  In a moment a stumbling of feet came
down the passage, and into the doorway
waddled a great obesity in white drill
uniform, with white chef’s cap on the
tight black wool.

   Leda stared, then cried out.

  "Captain!"

  The chef paused, looked at her in a
kind of dazed surprize. Then his suetty
voice murmured plaintively: "Ah lost m*
rabbit-foot. M’ Venus gave m' rabbit-
foot to me. All m’ luck went away wid
dat rabbit-foot. Got to git anudder
charm.”

  "Captain, sit down here,” Leda or-
dered, and pointed to one corner of the
dais where stood the Goat-man, his
mouth wide in a silent laugh that dis-
played glittering white teeth.

  The chef obeyed, sinking fady upon
the edge of the dais, and letting his
triple chins telescope against his breast
despondently. Leda looked at him in a
kind of despair. Of what use would Cap-
tain be in any emergency? Perhaps it was
for this reason that Pan had suggested
him. Her eyes rose at the ugly apprehen-
sions that assailed her, and met the
watchful, puckish eyes of the travesty
grinning upon her. She shuddered; the
high priest was gone and she was prac-
tically alone with Pan, for Captain cer-
tainly counted for less than nothing.

  "Will you sit beside Pan, maiden?’*
asked the Goat-man in a high, strainedly
agreeable voice that rang falsely on the
girl’s ears.

  "Thank you. I prefer to stand where
I am,” she returned coldly. "Now, what
is it you want me here for?”

  Her warm brown eyes flashed cour-
ageously. She was telling herself fran-
tically that it had to be a dream after all,
because it could not be true. Even what
her eyes appeared to see could not be real.

  The Goat-man moved slowly toward
her, puckish eyes on her face mis-
chievously.

  "You will give me the talisman,
maiden,” he said imperiously. "It is in-
tended to do great and wonderful things,
836

WEIRD TALES

and if you give it to me as you should,
your reward shall be in proportion.”

  She shook her head, lips a tight crim-
son line across her white face, as the
Goat-man came nearer.

  "What, you have the talisman that
will make the world happy, and will not
give it up?” cried Pan, his voice sudden-
ly harsh and strident. "Maiden, you are
acting with rash and unadvised boldness.
Know, if you do not give to me the Portal
of Power without further trouble, I must
order all your party delivered over to my
people. And if my people know of your
stubbornness in setting your ignorant
will against the immortal gods, they will
tear your friends to pieces, for my people
have set their wills to bring joy to man-
kind, and nothing can stand in their
way.”

  "Oh!”

  "Your golden self,” whispered Pan
then sibilantly, "I shall keep for my very
own self,” and laughed shrilly.

  "Oh, what a beast you are!”

  "Yes, and no. Shall you selfishly keep
the talisman with its potentialities for
blessing to mankind, and send those you
love to a ghastly death at the hands of my
outraged people? Or will you lay the
stone willingly upon my hand and save
your friends and bring blessings upon all
who live today? Maiden, if I am harsh,
it is because I can not let a few blind and
stubborn men and women block the way
of happiness for all the world.”

  Leda, her hand clutching at her blouse,
hesitated.

  "Dare you tell me that your inten-
tions are noble?” she demanded. "Only

a few minutes ago-” and her voice

trailed into silence, but her eyes met
Pan’s accusingly.

  "I tell you that this body is merely the
materialization of an idea, maiden. It is
real, yes. Again, it is not real. Hence

your veiled accusations are ridiculous.
Moreover—is not the free companionship
of man and maid a beautiful and joyful
thing? If it is so little, you should be
the more willing to give it up forever,
to be the high priestess of joy to the
world. Do not forget, maiden, that your
part will be a high one.”

  Leda shook an impatient head.

  "You are not saying anything to the
point. Whatever you are, my heart tells
me that you do not mean well to the
world. I—I shall keep the talisman.”

HIS white teeth bared in an animal-
like snarl, the Goat-man was upon
her with a lithe bound, thrusting one
hairy hand into her bodice.

  Struggling, she shrank from that raid
upon her dignity; fear and disgust
sickened her at the touch of that travesty
upon human shape.

  "You dare not take it from me!” she
cried.

  His hand withdrew, holding Larry’s
automatic, at which he looked in puz-
zled fashion. Leda, pulling away from
the grasp of his free hand that had
gripped her shoulder in its hairy grip,
gave a little gasp, and snatched at the
weapon frantically. Pan gave an in-
effectual snatch, and the girl set her
teeth and pulled the trigger.

  Her amazed eyes saw the course of the
bullet through the hairy chest of the
Goat-man, and in horror and incredulity
were obliged to witness the closing of
the wound behind the bullet’s flight as if
no injury had been made.

  "Another new thing,” observed Pan,
with childish interest. "Ah, you had
meant it to hurt me, foolish maiden.
You see, I am not real with the realness
of yourself, or it would have hurt me.
Now, do not be silly any longer; give me
the talisman.”
THE PORTAL TO POWER

837

   "You shall not have it!”

   "Maiden, if evil follow, it will be your
own stubbornness that has caused it.” He
lunged at her again, once more trying to
get the stone from its hiding-place. "I
am saving all your friends from horrid
deaths that you are too callous to save
them from by your own simple act of
acquiescence.”

  "Oh, take it! Take it! But get away
from me, for heaven’s sake,” cried out
the girl hysterically. The nausea of her
disgust at his unwelcome touch had com-
pletely unnerved her, combined with the
amazing inefficacy of the bullet to rid her
of him.

  The Goat-man retired almost pre-
cipitately at her capitulation. A look of
childish concern puckered his narrow
brow.

  "But I don’t want to take it from
you,” he objected. "I want you to lay
it down there beside the breast-plate. I
will not even touch it, since you think I
wish to bring evil to my beautiful world.”

  Half sobbing, wholly soul-sick, Leda
drew the talisman from her bosom and
laid it on the platform near the breast-
plate.

  Captain eyed her stupidly. He had
lifted up his face with interest during her
struggle with the Goat-man, and now his
small, deep-set eyes followed her trem-
bling hand as she laid the stone upon
the dais.

   "Is that a powerful spell, Miss Leda?”
he finally asked. When he realized that
the girl was too agitated to reply, he con-
tinued in a low mutter: "Mus’ git me
anudder spell. Mus’ git me anudder-”

  The Goat-man waved exultant hands
at Leda. His high, tittering laugh
sounded disagreeably triumphant, almost
maliciously so.

  "Now, maiden, as a reward you shall
receive the highest post any maiden can

hold, in the new regime that is coming
upon the world. Why do you weep?
Laugh, maiden, laugh! You have wisely
saved your friends, and you will soon be
the happiest of the happy.”

  Leda did not reply; she was sobbing
hysterically.

  "Come hither, priest! Take the maiden
away until tonight. Maiden, replace the
talisman in your bosom. The gift you
have given may remain in your custody
until tonight. Tonight will be the night
of All Saints-” tittered the travesty.

  "Evohe, Pan!” cfied the old priest
resonantly.

CHAPTER 14

The Goat-man went nimbly up on
the dais and jerked together the
heavily embroidered damask curtains.

  "You are dismissed,” said his high
voice, and the clatter of his little hoofs
went rattling about behind the curtain.

  "Maiden, follow me,” murmured the
high priest, but his request was couched
in a voice so gentle, almost propitiatory,
that Leda Scudder’s drooping head went
up proudly, for she remembered that he
had said that even his will must bow to
hers if she became the spokeswoman for
the unknown powers that in some mys-
terious manner were to be embodied in
herself.

  With a poise and tranquillity that she
did not feel, she said to him: "I have not
eaten since noon yesterday. Is part of this
new regime starvation for me?”

  "Gods! This is indeed an oversight,”
cried the priest. "You shall be returned
to your party immediately, and a meal
served.”

  "Yet another thing,” went on Leda,
satisfied that her wishes actually meant
something to the high priest. "Some
kind of explanation must be made at
once of this whole affair, this wholesale
858

WEIRD TALES

kidnapping that has evidently been done
under your orders.”

  "Maiden chosen by Pan, you shall be
obeyed. My grandson or myself shall be
with you as soon as you have eaten, to
answer any questions you may desire to
ask. Your mind must be set completely at
rest, so that you will know your own high
destiny and what this means to the
world."

  Leda seated herself in the gilded litter
and was borne back to the rest of the
party. Henry Winch was first to reach her.

  “Thank God, Leda! You are safely
back. They have not dared any insolent
tricks?” he demanded fiercely.

  The girl gave him a side glance from
under lowered lids, but her expression
was far kinder than the secretary had had
bestowed upon him since the ill-omened
flight of the “Queen.”

  “Perfectly safe, Henry Winch,” said
she, accepting his proffered aid to alight
from the litter.

  Open arms and Job’s broken cry, “My
little girl!”

  Into that shelter Leda crept, suddenly
weak and shaky from her strange ex-
perience. Her hysterical sobs filled them
all with consternation. What had hap-
pened to break that proud, high spirit?
Over her bowed head her uncle’s ques-
tioning gaze met the old doctor’s grave
face.

  “Nerve shock,” diagnosed John Pea-
body softly. “I suppose they took you
before Pan, my child?”

  “That—creature!” spat out the girl
with a long shudder. “Oh, I’ve been a
cowardly fool. I’ve given that horrible
monstrosity the stone you put in my
charge." And with that, she went to
sobbing again, uncontrollable, hysterical
weeping.

  “It was written," murmured the old
physician, shaking his leonine head.

  Job’s tender hand stroked Leda’s hair
monotonously, soothingly. His lips were
a thin, tight line.

  “Leda—tell me—if anybody has dared
lay a finger on you, I’ll throttle him,”
snarled the entirely altered voice of the
secretary, poised and sophisticated no
longer. “Tell me, Leda!”

  Job Scudder saw the flame in those
eyes, and jerked his head at the secretary
in quick caution, while the doctor laid a
hand restrainingly on the young man’s
twitching arm. Behind them Larry
Weaver’s lean face peered, lips drawn
back into an ugly, menacing threat.

  “There’s nothing to tell,” murmured
Leda’s subdued voice at last. “He—he
frightened me so—that I gave up the
stone. But please don't give a thought to
that now. In a few minutes either Quint
or that old priest will be here to tell us
all about this place, and everything.”
“She's had nothing to eat since lunch
yesterday,” suddenly snapped the secre-
tary. “For heaven’s sake, Leda, get some-
thing into your stomach. You’re hungry'.
That’s what’s the matter with your
nerves.”

  The old magnate nodded confirma-
torily, and drew the girl to the tables.

  “Here, my dear, is hot coffee. A cup-
ful of that will do wonders for you.”

  Leda complied, and gulped down the
bracing coffee.

   “I’d like to have that gun back, if it’s
all the same to you, Miss Leda,” Larry
exclaimed.

  The girl smiled wanly.

  “By all means, Larry. I’ve found,"
said she with a hard little hopeless laugh,
"that it’s no weapon to use against Pan.”
A quick interchange of glances between
the men, and a lifting of Larry’s eye-
brows incredulously.

  “If you have no use for it,” said the
pilot, tentatively, and held out his hand
THE PORTAL TO POWER

839

to take the automatic which the girl gave
him. "I have an idea,” he continued
sotto voce to Henry Winch, "that one’s
aim must be pretty good to make any im-
pression on that creature she speaks of.”
"Leda,” spoke up the doctor, drawing
his pocket medicine case out thoughtfully,
"I am going to give you a few pellets in
an envelope. Keep them where they
won’t be taken from you, child, and in
case such a contingency arises as might
make it necessary,” here his piercing eyes
told much to Leda’s inquiring ones, "take
them. Nothing on earth can harm you
once you have taken these. Oh,” he
added quickly, in reply to Job’s horrified
look, "their action is swift and painless.
I for one believe it would be better to
go out at will into God’s hands than to
remain helpless in the hands of those
who might have power to injure my
soul.”

   "Thank you, Doctor John,” whispered
the girl, and hid the small white envelope
in her bosom.

She withdrew herself a little from the
encircling arms of her uncle, as he sat
beside her on the divan, and lifted red-
dened eyes to look at the anxious little
group about her. She drew out the stone,
and held it, glistening, pulsating almost
with milky opalescence now, as if with
some strange life of its own.

   "That’s an odd-looking thing,” com-
mented Henry Winch, bending over to
get a closer look at it. "Seems as if it
were alive.”

   "It is. That is, through it pulsate the
living, throbbing streams of power from
other planes of life. But how is it that
you still possess it, if you have given it
to Pan also, my child?” and the doctor
pushed his heavy spectacles up and
peered at the stone again.

   "He told me to keep it until tonight.”

  "Tonight? Tonight!” screamed the
hysterical voice of Gemma, and she flung
from her with a frantic gesture of im-
patience the chattering marmoset. "This
is the night when all that is evil is
abroad! Dio mio!” and she flung herself
face downward on her divan, moaning
pitifully.

  Sir Hubert, his face tense with some
secret emotion, regarded her in a kind of
desperation. Finally, he crossed the room
and stood, without speaking, beside her.
Once he put out his hand to her shoul-
der, then as quickly withdrew it, flinging
a swift glance at the rest of the party to
see if his action had been observed. But
they were all far too busy to watch Sir
Hubert.

  "Gemma is right. Tonight is All Hal-
low Eve,” murmured the old doctor, half
to himself. "Like Walpurgis Night or
May Eve, it is the time for powers from
other planes to function here. Lord,
Lord, what a hideous mess we’ve been
drawn into! I blame myself for coming
along with you folks, carrying that
stone!”

  Leda, still with the stone on her ex-
tended palm, regarded the old physician
with intentness.

  "Child, what do you want me to do?
If I take it, they will only rob me of it
in the end. And if they force it from me,
the result may be tragic, for tonight this
stone can be utilized to force an entry
onto the earth-plane of God only knows
what untrained and undisciplined forces
of evil. . . . It is better that you keep it,
my dear, and give it when you must.
Perhaps, then, the higher powers will see
fit to take a hand in this drama.”

   Mechanically the girl dropped the stone
back into the bosom of her golden
frock. Her eyes went to Henry Winch, as
if impelled by some powerful influence
that she could not combat.
840

WEIRD TALES

  "If you are afraid, dear,” said the sec-
retary softly, "let me take it.”

  She shook her head slowly from side to
side.

  "Why? If it must be given them in the
end, why not give it without friction?
Perhaps, as Doctor John says, if we give
it willingly. . , . Oh, they told me I was
to be a kind of high priestess of their
cult, and even that high priest would
have to take my orders,” she remembered.
"Did Pan tell you that?”

  She nodded at the old doctor, who
sighed thoughtfully.

  “Well,” said he with reluctance, "per-
haps things may come out better than
seems possible to us now. If such author-
ity is to be vested in you, my child, the
way may open for our safe escape from
this strange and nerve-racking situation.”
“Gemma!” ordered Leda sharply, re-
covering something of her pristine poise.
“Stop your noise, do! Hallowe’en isn't
going to hurt you, and it looks as if we
were going to have a mighty exciting
Hallowe’en party. Here, Suki!”

  The whimpering marmoset scampered
across the floor to her and sprang to her
shoulder. Leda’s tender hand stroked the
furry little body abstractedly.

  Gemma, lifting her face from her
cupped wet hands, looked up directly
into the solicitous countenance of Sir
Hubert. For a moment she appeared
amazed. At his imploring look she
bridled and looked quite through him,
much to his obvious dismay and despair.

  “While we have time to ourselves,”
hurriedly observed John Peabody, “I'd
better tell you people my experience with
Pan.”

  Leda leaned against Job’s shoulder,
and appeared not to notice that Henry
Winch's hand was resting lightly on her
arm. Larry walked noiselessly to and fro,
but he was listening tensely not only to

the doctor, but also to the sounds in the
corridor without, where the ebon-skinned
litter-bearers still stood beside the gilded
litter.

  "The high priest asked me directly for
the stone, and when I refused, took me
to Pan. There is an interesting anom-
aly-”

  "Is that what you’d call him?” Leda
wanted to know disgustedly. “I call him
a horrible, unnatural monster. Ugh!”
she shuddered, the memory of his grop-
ing hairy hand returning to her sick-
eningly.

  "Monster he may be, yet not purely
physical monster,” mused the old doctor.
“He is a splendid example of what con-
sciously directed will-power and occult
knowledge can do in the way of embody-
ing an idea in a material form.”

  "Do you actually mean,” interrupted
Larry Weaver truculently, "that this Pan
is merely an idea? From what you’ve told
me, he is just plain matter.”

  "Matter, of course,” responded the old
doctor patiently. "But the entirety of him
is the massed-together ancient belief in
his existence. Without it, he simply could
not be. Hence, I call him an idea.”

  Larry snorted.

  "Can you kill an idea with a couple of
bullets?” he inquired pointedly.

  The doctor regarded him with gravity.
  "Yes . . . and no, Larry.”

  "It’s the yes’ I’m interested in,”
growled the air pilot.

  “You see, so much depends upon the
idea. If it is embodied in something
material, and that material thing is de-
stroyed when it is believed to be inde-
structible-”

“I think I get you. And the 'no'?”
"Sometimes the embodiment of an
idea, when destroyed, leaves the idea
itself stronger than ever. Christianity is
an example of this; the Great Master
THE PORTAL TO POWER

841

was, apparently, slain, but He left behind
Him an idea that has revolutionized the
world.”

  The airman, his keen face darkly mus-
ing, turned away.

   "Go on, John, with your interview with
Pan. We don’t know how long a time
we may have without interruption,” Job
urged.

   "Oh, yes, yes. So the high priest took
me to Pan. Pan began in a most friendly
manner until I positively declared myself
out of any occult experiments that might
be made. Then he merely tittered at me,
and said he would be pleased to send me
away with the rest of the party . . . except
one member.”

  The doctor’s look was significant.
Gemma whipped one hand to her lips as
she regarded her young mistress, whose
lips compressed as her warn brown eyes
met the old doctor’s squarely.

  "The dirty dog!” ejaculated Henry
Winch hotly. "Does he think for a mo-
ment that we would go away and leave
Leda behind?”

  "Just the same, I believe we would be
wise to let him think just that,” suddenly
whispered Larry Weaver, approaching the
little group.

  "Are you mad?” snapped old Job, with
an irate glare at the pilot.

  "Not a whit,” responded the lattter,
still in a lowered voice. "If we can make
them think that Leda actually wishes to
remain, and that she wants us sent away
because we might interfere with her ac-
tions ... we might get them to put the
'Queen’ up on that plateau again, and we
might all-

  "So childishly simple!” growled Henry
Winch. "Of course, the glass walls
would melt before us when we wanted
to go!”

   "I have a theory as to that,” doggedly
replied Larry'.

  The old physician beat one fist into
the other palm.

  "Of course! I have it!” He lowered
his voice to a whisper. "Leda can go to
see us off, and once we are up there,
Larry can hold off the bunch at the head
of the steps with his gun, and-”

  "Righto. Only it will be I who will
hold diem off,” declared Henry Winch
with a touch of fine hauteur. "It is my
right.” And his eyes sought those of old
Job.

  "Right nothing. Your privilege, you
may mean,” scowled Larry. "Well, I’ve
got the gun, haven’t I?”

  "In case our plans fail-” Leda

faltered, nervously.

  "My child, you have what I gave you,
and they will mean freedom for you
from any situation that may complicate
matters beyond our power to remedy.”

  "That’s putting it very prettily,”
groaned Henry Winch, "but it does seem
to me that we ought to be able to get
Leda away in safety.”

  The girl turned her face upward and
looked at him gravely for a long moment.
Then, meeting his ardent, anxious eyes
squarely, she smiled very sweedy. Her
face, as she made sure of the small
envelope in her bosom, was so absorbed
and distant, that Henry Winch turned
away from her with a kind of groan, as if
he could not bear to look upon it.

  "Larry, you’ve our only weapon, it ap-
pears. Do not forget, in our plans, that
you alone can pilot the 'Queen’, so you
must take the best care of yourself, for
the sake of your young mistress,” warned
Doctor Peabody.

  Henry Winch began to pace the room
by Larry’s side, and the two men who
loved Leda Scudder started talking very
animatedly together. Leda’s eyes were on
them, and a half-puzzled look passed
842

WEIRD TALES

over her piquant face as she saw them all
at once clasp hands firmly, looking at
each other with such warm looks that her
heart felt lighter and safer in their love
for her. It appeared to her that they had

very much to say to each other, and she
continued watching them until a clatter
of spears at the doorway sounded, and in
the opening stood the high priest, looking
at them expectantly.

The startling denouement will be told in the thrilling chapters
which bring this story to a conclusion in next
month's WEIRD TALES

A IVeird Tale of the Sea

THE BOAT ON
THE BEACH

          By KADRA MAYSI

THE life-guards watched her, every
night, come down the boardwalk
from the beach hotel, cross the
dunes obliquely, and go to sit in the boat.

  They talked about her—idly, but spec-
ulatively, as lonely men talk about the
smallest thing which crosses their horizon
—and they agreed that "she wasn’t bad-
looking.”

  She was a slim \Voman—probably some-
where in the thirties—a slim woman,
dressed all in white, with a lot of wavy,
blue-black hair. They noticed that her
hair was unusually beautiful and most un-
usually abundant. They noticed that she
had narrow feet in the low-heeled, one-
strap white kid pumps, and slender
ankles above them. They noticed that she
wore no color on her clothes, her cheeks,
or lips.

  One day she turned and looked directly
up when the boy in the observation room
had the glass trained upon her. The boy
fell back a step and said, "Good God!”

When the others asked him what the mat-
ter was, he said, "I saw her eyes.” They
asked him what color her eyes were and
what was the trouble with them. He said,
"They’re big, and I think they’re black as
her hair, but they look—they look—well,
they look like you’d expea the eyes of
somebody nailed on a cross to look!”

  She did not look up again, but every
evening, before dark, she came down and
crossed the dunes and sat in the life-
guards’ boat for several hours. And the
life-guards talked about her—idly, when
they were not discussing the far more im-
portant topic of the latest maritime dis-
aster.

  For this was just three weeks after the
passenger steamer Astarte had sprung a
leak and foundered—in foul weather—
just a few hundred miles off the coast.
For some reason, which the surviving
members of her crew could not satis-
factorily explain, her S.O.S. had not been
sent out in what her surviving passengers
THE BOAT ON THE BEACH

843

and the public considered time enough to
bring her aid. More than fifty per cent of
those on board had perished either in the
launching of the lifeboats or in the
stormy, bitter cold of the days before that
pitiful flotilla was picked up by the rescue
ships.

  Shipping boards and owners, passen-
gers and reading public, investigated,
questioned, promised explanations, threat-
ened suits, wrote to the papers. And
when they were through nobody knew
any more than they had known at first.
For the only man who had that secret
locked under the breast of his blue uni-
form had done his best—whether right or
wrong—and had gone down on the
bridge of his ship.

   It was a far more important topic than
idle discussion of a slim woman in white
who sat alone in a boat on the beach from
sunset until the three-quarter moon had
passed high overhead toward the west.

  The life-guards were discussing it
gravely, humbly, understanding^, as be-
seemed men who know that the sea has
crises too great for any man to meet.

  The boarders at the beach hotel—most
of whom had never taken a longer sea
voyage than that afforded by the six-mile
ferry from the mainland to the island—
were discussing it shrilly, assertively, not
hesitating to censure and to state what
should or should not have been done.

  But everybody was discussing it—even
the eight-year-old small boy who came
every day from the nearest cottage to in-
spect the life-guard station, to mount the
lookout ladders, to climb into the boats,
to help the sunburned men in white wash,
paint, scrub brass, and oil the heavy two-
wheel carriages so that they might be,
momentarily, ready to be launched upon
their runway to the sea.

  The small boy knew that a boat had
sunk—a big boat, full of men and women
and little boys and girls. His daddy had

said they were drowned because the cap-
tain had not sent a wireless off in time.
But the oldest life-guard—the little one
with the bow-legs and the grizzled hair
that stood up straight—had said: "Sonny,
all a man can do is do his best.” The
small boy understood, too, and, privately,
he agreed with the life-guard rather than
with his daddy. He was in the third
grade—would be when school opened
again—and he practised writing on the
beach "A-S-T-A-R-T-E.”

  One morning while he was laboriously
tracing it the lady in the*sleeveless white
silk dress came up behind him. She said:

  "You, too?”

  And, not understanding but liking her
voice, he looked up and smiled at her with
his wide "governor’s gates” of missing
teeth.

  She said: "Will you come down to the
drug store and eat an ice cream cone with
me?”

  At the counter she said: "What do you
want?”

  He chose a strawberry one and asked
politely: "What do you want?”

  She looked at him with her wide black
eyes, and the soda jerker heard her say:
"A little boy like you—for a sea anchor!"

  But she ordered another strawberry
cone and then, for some reason, did not
eat it and asked him if he would be kind
enough to eat it for her.

  That evening she came down, as usual,
along the walk, across the sandhills.
Looking up over the dunes from the boat
she saw the sea-oats etched in golden
grain and sheaf against the sky. Sunset,
out on the back beaches, had set the marsh
aflame. Up to the zenith its wastrel opals
spattered the western clouds. East, the
giant copper disk of the moon came out
of the sea.

  She sat there so long—so long—with
her arms clasped around her knees. The
w'ind was whipping her thin white dress
844

WEIRD TALES

and loosening strands of her long black
hair. But her body did not move. To the
life-guard up in the observation tower
she looked a woman carved in stone. She
saw the moon go higher and cut, in the
sea’s green jungle, a silver road. It
stretched from the climbing planet
straight to the boat on the beach. Her
brain was grasping at scattered thoughts
as a drowning person grasps drifting
straws. She was half-remembering queer
old lines—things that nobody reads now-
adays. Who wrote

   “-wished that the ebbing tide

     Would bear me away on its bosom
     To the ocean far and wide?”

  The life-guard up in his conning-place
remembered that next night would be the
full moon and the flood tide. He looked
again to see that the boat, on its heavy
carriage, was well above the high tide
mark. It was well above it, there in the
moonlight, with that lonely figure sitting
in the stem.

  The small boy, lying on his stomach on
a sand dune just a hundred yards away,
was watching too. He had seen the red
moon rise and throw that path across the
sea to the boat. Being a child and nearer
to God, his vision was clearer than
theirs. He saw what the life-guard did
not see—what the slim woman in the boat
did not see although she looked for it
with eyes which bore witness to her
crucifixion every night. He had been
watching every night—the small boy on
the dune. It had happened every night—
and it was happening again. But the
woman in the boat sat, marble-still. The
wind moved only her dress and her hair.
She seemed to think that she was alone at
the end of that long moon-sequined path.

Flood tide foamed on the beach next
night—brimmed the gutters and shal-
low pools—washed the sides of the out-

post dunes into new, concave, wave-
carved shapes.

  Just before sunrise the lookout saw
that the boat on the beach was gone. The
man who had had the night watch re-
ported having seen it shortly before mid-
night. Tide had turned three hours before
that time and it was then well above the
water. Anyway, it was an eight-man boat
and it took two husky ones to launch it.
Yes; he was sure he had seen it at eleven-
fifty p. m. He was absolutely sure—for
the woman in white had been sitting in it
then.

  The two life-guards who went down to
investigate found the heavy carriage with
its two broad-tired wheels, its chassis,
pole, and ropes, well out in the surf of
the now incoming tide. That in itself
proved that someone had taken the boat.
Had the flood tide, coming higher than
usual, washed it out, it would have taken
the boat alone and not the carriage with
its sand-imbedded wheels. Some persons
—for the strongest life-guard could not
alone roll that carriage down the shingle
—had rolled it out into the surf deep
enough to launch it.

  With one man hauling on its rope and
one pushing on the pole, they got it back
to its place high on the beach. Starting
up the boardwalk, they met a group of
men from the hotel. The manager him-
self was one of them and he was speaker.

  "We’ve just been to the station to re-
port a woman missing. One of the ladies
didn’t come in last night. Can you help
us?”

  "What did she look like? We’ll send
a man out on the beach and send a boat
out, too, right away.”

  "She was a slim woman, with a lot of
dark hair. And she was dressed all in
white.”

  "That’s the woman who sits in the
boat,” said the grizzled life-guard. And
the younger one added:
THE BOAT ON THE BEACH

845

   “She was in it last night. Sawyer said
he saw her there just before midnight.”
"What boat? Where’s the boat?” de-
manded the manager.

   "The station boat that sits on its car-
riage just across the dunes. She’s been
coming down and sitting in it for hours
every night.”

  "Where is it now?”

  "We’d like you to tell us that. Some-
body rolled the carriage down the beach
and launched it sometime between mid-
night and daybreak.”

  "And you say a slim woman—a woman
in white—was sitting in it last night?”
“Sawyer saw her in it at eleven-fifty.”
"But, great God,” said the manager,
"that was Mrs. Card!”

  "What Mrs. Card? You don’t

mean-”

  "Yes; I do mean,” said the manager.
"That was the Mrs. Card—wife (I
should say widow) of Captain Card of
the steamship Astarte.”

  "I hadn’t heard she was here,” one of
the coast-guards said.

  "She registered under a different
name,” answered the manager. "She
wanted to be quiet, and that was the only
way. But she told me who she was and
why she was doing it. Do you think
we’ll find her on the island or do you

think-?”

  Nobody said what he thought, but
they all were thinking hard. Not one of
them failed to wonder whether the theft
of a seaworthy boat, by parties unknown,
and the suicide of a woman beside her-
self with grief might not be unrelated
incidents occurring only by coincidence on
the same night.

  Within thirty minutes there were half
a dozen volunteer boats, as well as the
station boats, out past the breakers, and
posses were patrolling the beach and
every foot of the island.

  But midday came without a trace of
lost woman or lost lifeboat.

The oldest guard was in the lookout
room when the little boy climbed the
ladder. He usually came earlier, but he
had been following the search. The sta-
tion was quiet, for all the men except the
lookout and the wireless operator were
engaged in that search.

   He climbed the ladder—the little boy
did—and stuck a tow-head in a cap much
too large for it into the door of the look-
out room. And the grizzled lookout
dropped the glasses in his hand and stared
as if he saw a ghost.

  "Godamighty! Where’d' you get it?
Where’d you get that cap, Buddy?”

   The little boy took it off and, proudly,
held it out to him. And the man set it on
one gnarled fist and turned it slowly, un-
believingly, around with the other hand.

   It was the regulation blue and white
cap of a passenger steamship’s officer. Its
gold braid and insignia told those who
knew the sea that it was a master’s cap.
And the lettering above its vizor told
anyone who read that it was property of
the "S. S. Astarte”

   The lifeguard was still turning it,
slowly, unbelievingly.

   "Where’d you get it, Buddy?”

  "On the beach—where the man
dropped it while he was shoving the boat
last night.”

  "What man, Buddy?”

   "The man who came and took the boat
and the lady away with him, the same
man who used to come and sit, every
night, in your boat with her.”

   Landsmen have always called sailormen
a superstitious folk. This is as it should
be, for superstition—like everything else
—lends itself to the individual interpreta-
tion. And those who go down to the sea
in ships know well enough that there
846

WEIRD TALES

occur phenomena which are outside lands-
men’s experience.

  So the old life-guard turned the cap in
his rope-gnarled, salt-scarred fingers.

  'Tell me about it, Buddy. Sure you
didn’t dream it?”

  "No, sir. I was wide awake, sitting out
on the sandhill there. Nights that mother
and daddy go to the hotel dances I stay
out until the music stops, then run back
home before they get there.”

  "Tell me what you saw. You say
you’ve seen him before?”

  "Oh, yes; he’s come every night since
the lady came. I don’t know which side
he comes from. I never see him until
he’s on the beach, at the edge of the
waves, right where the end of the road of
moonlight is. He goes and sits in the
boat with her. But she never seemed to
see him before. Perhaps she saw him last
night because the moon was so bright and
big.”

  "She saw him?"

  "Yes, she saw him. She held out her
arms to him, and he came across the beach
and put his arms around her. I watched
him launch the boat and, when it was
afloat, jump in it with her. I thought he
had a right to do it because he was
dressed like an officer.”

  "He was dressed like an officer?”

  "Yes; like the captain of the ferry that
brought us over here. He had a blue uni-
form with gold braid on his cuffs. And
he had this cap. He dropped it on the
beach. Can I keep it?”

  The telephone bell. It was the hotel
manager asking whether there was yet
any news of boat or woman.

  "No; not yet,” said the grizzled guard;
and, after he shut the telephone, he
handed the blue cap back to the little boy.

  "Yes; you can keep it, Buddy,” he said,
"because—there won't be any news!"

Lucifer*

By JOHN	D. SWAIN

THE notorious Remsen Case was dozen men were discussing psychic trivial-

table talk a year or so ago, al-	ities, in a more or less desultory way.
though few today could quote the Bliven, the psychoanalyst, was speaking,

details offhand. Because of it, half a	"It all hinges on a tendency which is

From Weird T*les. November. 1923.	PefhaPS beSt «P«SKd in Such dd SaWS
LUCIFER

847

as: 'Drowning men clutch at straws,'
'Any port in a storm,’ or, 'A gambling
chance.’

  "When men have exhausted science
and religion, they turn to mediums, and
crystal-gazers, and clairvoyants, and pat-
ent medicines. I knew an intelligent
pharmacist who was dying of a malig-
nant disease. Operated on three times.
Specialists had given him up. Then he
began to take the nostrums and cure-alls
on his own shelves, although he knew
perfectly well what they contained—or
could easily enough have found out.
Consulted a lot of herb doctors, and long-
haired Indian healers, and advertising
specialists.”

   ’’And, of course, without result,” com-
mented the little English doctor.

  "I wouldn’t say that,” said Bliven.
"It kept alive the forlorn spark of hope
in his soul. Better than merely folding
his hands and waiting for the inevitable!
He was just starting in with a miraculous
Brazilian root, when he snuffed out. On
the whole, he lived happier, and quite
possibly longer, because of all the fake
remedies and doctors he spent so much
money on. It’s all in your own mind,
you know. Nothing else counts much.”

  “All fakes, including the records of
the P. S. R.,” nodded Holmes, who lec-
tured on experimental psychology.

   The little doctor shook his head depre-
catingly.

   "I shouldn’t go as far as that, really,”
he objected; "because, every now and
then, in the midst of their conscious fak-
ing, as you call it, with the marked cards
and prepared slates, the hidden magnets
and invisible wires and all, these mediums
and pseudo-magicians come up against
something that utterly baffles them. I
have talked with a well-known presti-
digitator who has a standing bet of a
hundred guineas that he can duplicate the

manifestations of any medium; and yet
he states that every now and then he finds
himself utterly baffled. He can fake the
thing cleverly, you understand; but he
can not fathom the unknown forces back
of it all. It is dangerous ground. It is
sometimes blasphemy. It is blundering
in where angels fear to tread.”

  "Piffle!” snorted Bliven. "The sub-
conscious mind explains it all; and we
have only skirted the edge of our subject.
When we have mastered it, we shall do
things right in the laboratory that will put
every astrologer and palmist and tea-
ground prophet out of business.”

  Nobody seemed to have anything to
answer, and the psychoanalyst turned to
the little doctor.

  "You know this, Royce,” he asserted,
a bit defiantly.

  "I don’t pretend to follow you new-
era chaps as closely as I ought; but I re-
call an incident in my early practise that
is not explicable in the present-day stage
of your science, as I understand it.”
Bliven grunted.

  "Well—shoot!” he said. "Of course,
we can’t check up your facts, but if you
were an accurate observer, we may be
able to offer a plausible theory, at least.”
Royce flushed at his brusk way of put-
ting it, but took no offense. Every one
makes allowances for Bliven, who is a
good fellow, but crudely sure of himself,
and a slave to his hobby.

  "It happened a long, long time ago,”
began Royce, "when I was an intern in
a London hospital. If you know any-
thing about our hospitals, you will under-
stand that they are about the last places
on earth for anything bizarre to occur in.
Everything is frightfully ethical, and
prosy, and red-tapy—-far more so than in
institutions over here, better as these are
in many ways.

  "But almost anything can happen in
848

WEIRD TALES

London, and does. You love to point to
New York as the typical Cosmopolis—
because it has a larger Italian population
than has Rome, a larger German than
Berlin, a Jewish than Jerusalem, and so
forth. Well, London has all this, and
more. It has nuclei of Afghans, and
Turkomans, and Arabs; it has neighbor-
hoods where conversation is carried on
in no known tongue. It even has a
synagogue of Negro Jews—dating cer-
tainly from the Plantagenet dynasty, and
probably earlier.

   "Myriads spend all their lives in Lon-
don, and die knowing nothing about it.
Sir Walter Besant devoted twenty years
to the collecting of data for his history
of the city, and confessed that he had
only a smattering of his subject. Men
learn some one of its hundred phases
passing well; Scotland Yard agents, buy-
ers of old pewter or black letter books,
tea importers, hotel keepers, solicitors,
clubmen; but outside of their own little
pool broods the eternal fog, hiding the
real London in its sticky, yellow embrace.
I was born there, attended its university,
practised for a couple of years in White-
chapel, and migrated to the fashionable
Westminster district; but I visit the city
as a stranger.

  "So, if anything mysterious were to
happen anywhere, it might well be in
London; although, as I have said, one
would hardly look for it in one of our
solid, dull, intensely prosaic hospitals.

  "Watts-Bedloe was the big man in my
day. You will find his works in your
medical libraries, Bliven; though I dare
say he has been thrust aside by the on-
march of science. Osteopathy owes a
deal to him, I think; and I know that
Doctor Lorenz, die great orthopedist of
today, freely acknowledges his own debt.

here was brought to us one day a
peculiarly distressing case; the only
child of Sir William Hutchison, a wid-
ower, whose hopes had almost idola-
trously centered in this boy, who was a
cripple. You would have to be British
to understand just how Sir William felt.
He was a keen sportsman; played all out-
door games superlatively well, rode to
hounds over his own fields, shot tigers
from an elephant’s back in India, and on
foot in Africa, rented a salmon stream
in Norway, captained the All-English
polo team for years, sailed his own yacht,
bred his own hunters, had climbed all the
more difficult Swiss peaks, and was the
first amateur to purchase and operate a
biplane.

   "So that to natural parental grief was
added the bitter downfall of all the plans
he had for this boy; instructing him in the
fine art of fly-casting, straight shooting,
hard riding, and all that sort of thing.
Instead of a companion who could take
up the life his advancing years were
forcing him to relinquish, in a measure,
he had a hopeless cripple to carry on, and
end his line.

   "He was a dear, patient little lad, with
the most beautiful head, and great, in-
telligent eyes; but his wrecked little body
was enough to wring your heart. Twisted,
warped, shriveled—and far beyond the
skill of Watts-Bedloe himself, who had
been Sir William’s last resort. When
he sadly confessed that there was noth-
ing he could do, that science and skilful
nursing might add a few years to the
mere existence of the little martyr, you
will understand that his father came to
that pass which you, Bliven, have illus-
trated in citing the case of the pharma-
cist. He was, in short, ready to try any-
thing; to turn to quacks, necromancers,
to Satan himself, if his son might be
made whole!

                    W. T.—8
 Next Month

Don't miss this group of fine stories scheduled to appear in the January issue ot'
Weird Tales on sale December l.

The Lost Lady

by Seabury Quinn

               A beautiful white dancer in the temple of Angkor was perse-
               cuted by the fiendish Doctor Sun Ah Poy.

 The Horror from The Master Has a
      the Hills	Narrow Escape

by Frank Belknap Long, Jr.	by H. Warner Munn

 A vivid and powerful story of shuddery	A tale of the werewolf clan. The Thirty

 horror, a gooseflesh tale about a stone idol	Years’ War. and the first case of witchcraft

brought from China.	in New England.

The Necromantic Tale

by Clark Ashton Smith

               An occult story of much power, in which Sir Roderick Hag-
               don's life is tied to the personality of an infamous, long-dead
               ancestor.

Passing of a God The Galley-Slave

     by Henry S. Whitehead	by Lieutenant Edgar Gardiner

A weird story of surgery and the dark rites An unusual story of a man who retained %
ot the Black people in the land of Haiti. vivid memory of the voyage of Odysseus.

The Avenging Shadow

by Arlton Eadie

                Practising forbidden arts in mediaeval Naples, Taso Vitetll
                sought to outwit the Prince «f Darkness, forgetting that "Ha
                who sups with the Devil must have a long spoon."

These are some of the super-excellent stories that will appear in the January issue of

Weird Tales

January Issue on Sale December 1

 Subscription Rates: $2.50 a year in U. S. or possessions; Canadian $3.00; Foreign $3.50,
 Weird Tales	840 N. Michigan Ave.	Chicago, 111.

W. T—9
850

WEIRD TALES

  "Oh, naturally he had sought the aid
of religion. Noted clergy of his own
faith had anointed the brave eyes, die pa-
tient lips, the crooked limbs, and prayed
that God might work a miracle. But
none was vouchsafed. I haven’t the
least idea who it was that suggested the
Luciferians to Sir William.”

  "Luciferians? Devil-worshippers?” in-
terrupted Holmes. "Were there any of
them in your time?”

  "There are plenty of them today; but
it is the most secret sea in the world.
Huysmans in La-Bas has told us as much
as has any one; and you know perfealy
well, or should, that all priests who be-
lieve in the Real Presence, take the ut-
most care that the sacred wafer does not
pass into irresponsible hands. Many will
not even place it on the communicant’s
palm; but only in his mouth. For the
stolen Host is essential to the celebration
of the infamous Black Mass which forms
the chief ceremony of the Luciferian
ritual. And every year a number of
thefts, or attempted thefts, from the
tabernaculum, are reported in the press.

  "Now the theory of this strange sea
is not without a certain distorted ration-
ality. They argue that Lucifer, Star of
the Morning, was cast out of Heaven
after a great battle, in which he was de-
feated, to be sure' but not destroyed, nor
even crippled. Today, after centuries of
missionary zeal, Christianity has gathered
only a tithe of the people into its fold;
the great majority is, and always has
been, outside. The wicked flourish,
often the righteous stumble; and at the
last great battle of Armageddon, the
Luciferians believe that their champion
will finally triumph.

  "Meanwhile, and in almost impene-
trable secrecy, they praaise their infamous
rites and serve die devil, foregathering
preferably in some abandoned church,

which has an altar, and above it a cruci-
fix, which they reverse. It is believed
that they number hundreds of thousands,
and flourish in every quarter of the world;
and it is presumed that they employ grips
and passwords. But amid so much that
is conjecture, this faa stands clear: the
cult of Lucifer does exist, and has from
time immemorial.

  "I never had the least idea who sug-
gested them to Sir William. May have
been some friend who was a secret de-
votee, and wished to make a proselyte.
May have been an idle word overheard
in a club—or a penny bus. The point
is, he did hear, discovered that an occult
power was claimed by their unholy
priests, was ready to mortgage his estate
or sell his soul for his little chap, and
somehow got in touch with them.

  "The faa that he managed it, that he
browbeat Watts-Bedloe into permitting
one of the fraternity to enter the hospital
at all, is the best example I can give of
his despairing persistence. At that, the
physician agreed only upon certain seem-
ingly prohibitive conditions. The fellow
was not to touch the little patient, nor
even to draw near his bed. He was not
to speak to him, or seek to hold his gaze.
No phony hypnotism, or anything like
that.

  "Watts-Bedloe, I think, framed the
conditions in the confident hope that they
would end negotiations; and he was pro-
foundly disgusted when he learned that
the Luciferian, though apathetic, was not
in the least deterred by the hardness of
the terms. It appeared that he had not
been at all willing to come under any cir-
cumstances; that he tried persistently to
learn how Sir William had heard of him,
and his address, and that he had refused
remuneration of any sort. Altogether, a
new breed of faker, you see!

  "There were five of us in the room at
WEIRD TALES

851’

the time appointed, besides the little pa-
tient, who was sleeping peacefully. Fact
is, Watts-Bedloe had taken the precau-
tion of administering a sleeping-draft, in
order that the quack might not in any
possible way work upon his nervous sys-
tem. Watts-Bedloe was standing by the
cot, his sandy hair rumpled, his stiff mus-
tache bristling, for all the world like an
Airedale terrier on guard. The father
was there, of course; and the head nurse,
and a powerful and taciturn orderly. You
can see that there wasn’t much chance of
the devil-man pulling off anything un-
toward!

  "When, precisely on the moment, the
door opened and he stood before us, I
suffered as great a shock of surprize as
ever in my life; and a rapid glance at my
companions’ faces showed me that their
amazement equaled mine. I don’t know
just what type we had visualized—
whether a white-bearded mystic dad in a
long cloak with a peaked hat bearing
cabalistic symbols, or a pale, sinister and
debonair man of the world, such as
George Arliss has given us, or what not;
but certainly not the utterly insignificant
creature who bowed awkwardly, and
stood twirling a bowler hat in his hands
as the door closed behind him.

  "He was a little, plump, bald man of
middle age, looking for all the world
like an unsuccessful green-grocer, or a
dealer in butter and cheese in a small way.
Although the day was cool, with a damp
yellow fog swirling over the city, he per-
spired freely, and continually wiped his
brow with a cheap bandanna. He
seemed at once ill at ease, yet perfectly
confident, if you know what I mean. I
realize that it sounds like silly rot; but
that is the only way I can describe him.
Utterly certain that he could do that for
which he had come, but very much wish-

(Continued on page 853)

You .Can Learn

HYPNOTISM

  ..orNo Cost

DON'T be unpopular, lonesome, or unhappy a minute longer. Now
you can make your life what you want it to be—now you can win
admiration, success and big money—through the strange power of
hypnotism. I'll show you how to use this great force to help you
master every situation or The Five Day Trial is FREE!

   In just a few hours I'll teach you the hidden secrets of Hypnotism
—the methods used by the great operators—the amazing things you
can accomplish once you understand this mighty power. You can use
It to overcome obstacles, achieve your fondest ambitions and become
MASTER of yourself, friends and acquaintances—either sex. See for
yourself how Hypnotism can banisli fear, worry and opposition—im-
prove your memory—increase your earnings—and force others to giva
you the good things in life you deserve!

   In his startling NEW book. The Science of Hypnotism, the world fa-
mous hypnotist—Prof. L. E. Young—reveals the most carefully guarded
secrets of this fascinating subject. He
not only explains the methods of noted
hypnotists, step by step—but tells clear-
ly all about the nine stages of hypnotism,
the Hypnotic Mirror, Mental Telepathy,
how to select your subjects, magnetic
healing, methods of hypnotizing, how
to waken the subject, how to make
money out of hypnotism!

Mysteries of Hypno-
tism Reveeled

 HowtoHypnotize at ft ulanco
 Susceptible Subjects

 How to Hypnotize by Tele-
 phone

 How to Give an Entertain-

 How to Make Other* Obey
 You

 OvercomingrBad Habits

 How to do Dozens of Hyp-
 notic Peats

 Use of Hypnotism in Opera-
 tions

Try 5 Days FREE —
Send No Money

r So confident are we that Prof. Young and his
great book will quickly teach yon the science of
hypnotism, that we wiU seodyon a copy without
one cent in advance! Simply clip and mail the
coupon below. When the book arrives pay the
postman the special lowprice of $2.50 plus few
cents postage. Then test the powers of Hypno-
tism 5 days! If not amazed and de.ighted re-
turn the book and money will be refunded at
once! Mail the coupon now.

FRANKLIN PUBLISHING CO.
800 N. Clark St., Dept. W-880, Chicago

  Franklin Publishing: Co., Dent. W-860
  800 N. Clark St., Chicago, Illinois.

  Please send me your amazing new book—The Science of Hyp- J
  notism—by Prof. Young. When the book arrives I’ll pay the postman J
  only $2.50 plus postage. If I am not satisfied after 5 days' trial, I
  I may return the book and you are to refund my money.

Name_____________'________________________________J

Street and No.___________________________________|

Town---------------------------state---------------I

   If you are likely to be out when postman calls send $2.50 with roo- I
   pon and we'll pay delivery charges. Customers outside IT. S. must I
   send cash with order. |
   —__________________________—•
832

WEIRD TALES

                         (Continued from page 726)

views down to the Wild West thrillers, are hide-bound and hog-tied with traditions
of unutterable dullness.”

    W. Billy Barbe, of San Antonio, Texas, writes to the Eyrie: "Weird Tales is
now reaching an amazing stage, from the standpoint of present-day American ficti-
tious literature. Magazines that depend almost entirely upon a universal appeal to
the imaginative and more or less secreted side of the human race generally falter
in their stride a bit, sooner or later; yet Weird Tales seems to be increasing rather
than decreasing in popularity. I have perused Weird Tales for over seven years,
and although I am of a very restless and impatient disposition, I have never tired of
the periodical. There is a very good reason for this: Weird Tales, unlike so many
other magazines, has not altered the original type of the contents that it first started
out with, but is even now publishing stories of the weird, bizarre and unusual
order; while many other magazines, not so successful today, have, for commercial
reasons, filled their pages with either lewd, risque and racy sex-appeal stories, or with
the soft, dove-eyed love stories of grandmother’s day, thinking thus to increase the
circulation. I wonder if it would not be possible for you to publish as a reprint A.
Merrit’s story, The Woman of the Wood. That is the most beautiful and yet the
most fascinating story that has even been published in Weird Tales. Even now,
although I lost my copy of the magazine that contained the story some time ago, I
can close my eyes and become enraptured by the mere thought of its dramatic
beauty. Should you see fit to comply with my request, you will do a huge army of
my friends, as well as myself, an enormous and generous favor.”

     Readers, what is your favorite story in this issue of Weird Tales? The Druid’s
Shadow, by Seabury Quinn, was your favorite in the October issue, as shown by
your votes and letters to the Eyrie; with Edmond Hamilton’s story, The Mind-mas-
ter, in second place.

   MY FAVORITE STORIES IN THE DECEMBER WEIRD TALES ARE:

Story	Remarks

(1)---------------------------- -------------

(2)-----------------------------------------

(3)-----------------------------------------

I do not like the following stories:

(1	)____________________________ Why?_______

(2	)---------------------------- -------------

     r-----------

It will help us to know what kind of stories i	, ,	, ,,

                     r	•„ I Readers name and address:

you want in Weird Tales if you will

fill out this coupon and mail it to The -----------------------------

Eyrie, Weird Tales, 840 N. Michigan Ave.,

Chicago, 111.	*

  I-----------------------------
WEIRD TALES

      (Continued from page 851)
mg that he were anywhere else. I heard
Watts-Bedloe mutter 'my word!’ And I
believe he would have spat disgustedly—
were such an act thinkable of a physician
in a London hospital!

  The Luciferian priest turned to
Sir William. When he spoke, it
seemed entirely in keeping with his ap-
pearance that he should take liberties with
his aspirates. 'I’m ’ere, m’lord. And
h’at your service.’

  "Watts-Bedloe spoke sharply. 'Look
here, my man!’ he said. ‘Do you pre-
tend to say that you can make this crip-
pled child whole?’

  "The strange man turned his moist,
pasty face, livid in the fog murk, toward
the specialist. ' ’E that I serves can, and
will. I’m a middleman, in a manner of
speaking. A transmitter. Hit’s easy
enough for ’im, but I don’t advise it, and
I warns you I’m not to be ’eld responsible
for ’ow ’E does it.’

  "Watts-Bedloe turned to Sir William.
'Let’s have an end to the sickening farce,’
he said curtly. 'I need fresh air!’

  "Sir William nodded to the little man,
who mopped his brow with his bandanna,
and pointed to the cot. 'Draw back the
coverlet!’ he commanded.

  "The nurse obeyed, after a questioning
glance at Watts-Bedloe. 'Tyke off ’is
nightgown,’ continued the visitor.

  "Watts-Bedloe’s lips parted in a snarl
at this, but Sir William arrested him with
a gesture, stepped to his son’s side, and
with infinite gentleness took off the tiny
gown, leaving the sleeping child naked
in his bed.

  "Again, as always, I felt a surge of
pity sweep through me. The noble head,
the pigeon breast, rising and falling soft-
ly now, the crooked spine, the little,
gnarled, twisted limbs! But my atten-

Get Strong vm

thmdimproiJedMusck

oo

Realize your ambition and develop muscles of
a super-man. Got strong I Easily master feats
which now seem difficult—or if you want physical
culture for your health’s sake, this equip-
ment is what you need. With this special
offer you save at least half. We furnish
10 cable chest expander adjustable to 200
lbs. resistance. Made of new live extra
strength, springy rubber so as to give re-
sistance you need for real muscle develop-
ment. You also get a pair of patented
hand gripe for developing powerful grip
and forearms. We include wall exercising

parts which permit too to develop your book, arms
and lees—a real muscle necessity. The head strap per-
mits you to exercise muscles of your neck. Develop 1**
muscles with foot strap furnished. This eivee speed,
Bnduranoe. In addition you set specially written course
containing picture e and
diagrams showing how to de-
velop any part of your body.

Act now!

Send No Money

 Bien name and address to
 coupon and rush to us. We
 lend everything by return
 mail. Pay postman $6.00
 plus postace. (If you
 sire, send money “
 der now and we
 pay postage.)

I CRUSADER APPARATUS CO.v
j Dept. 4407, Maplewood, N.J.

I I accept your offer. Send me everything described In your

I advertisement by return mail. I will pay postman $5.00 pltia
postage on arrival. It is understood u I am not entirely
I satisfied after examination I can return the goods and you
■ will refund my money.

I Notet—C. O. D. Orders Shipped to Canada—If In Other Foreign
Country Send Cash.

I

| Name.

I
I

Street.

                                        State.
WEIRD TALES

tion was quickly drawn back to die
strange man.

  "Barely glancing at the child, he fum-
bled at bis greasy waistcoat, Watts-Bed-
loe watching him meanwhile like a lynx,
as he took out a crumb of chalk and,
squatting down, drew a rude circle on
the floor about him; a circle of possibly
four feet in diameter. And within this
cirde he began laboriously to write cer-
tain words and figures.”

  "Hold on there!” spoke Bliven. "Cer-
tain words and figures? Just what sym-
bols, please?"

  "There was a swastika emblem,” Royce
promptly replied, "and others familiar to
some of the older secret orders, and some-
times found on Aztec ruins and Baby-
lonian bride tablets; the open eye, for in-
stance, and a rude fist with thumb ex-
tended. Also he scrawled the sequence
1-2-3-4-5-6-7-9—the ‘8’ omitted, you no-
tice—which he multiplied by 18, and
again by 27, and by 36; you can amuse
yourselves working it out. The result is
curious. Lasriy, he wrote the sentence:
'Signa te, signa, temere me tangis et an-
gisf A palindrome, you observe; that is,
it reads equally well, or ill—backward or
forward”

  "Hocus pocus! Old stuff!” snorted
Bliven.

  Royce gazed mildly at him.

  "Old stuff, as you say, professor.
Older than recorded history. Having
done this, a matter of five minutes, per-
haps, with Watts-Bedloe becoming more
and more restless, and evidently holding
himself in with difficulty, the fellow rose
stiffly from his squatting position, care-
fully replaced the fragment of chalk in
his pocket, mopped his brow for the
twentieth time, and gestured toward the
cot with a moist palm. "Now cover ’im
hup!’ he ordered. 'All hup; ’ead and
ail.*

  "The nurse gently drew the sheet over
the little form. We could see it rise and
fall with the regular respiration of slum-
ber. Suddenly, eyes wide open and star-
ing at the floor, the fellow began to pray,
in Latin. And whatever his English, his
Latin was beautiful to listen to, and vir-
gin pure! It was too voluble for me to
follow' verbatim—I made as good a tran-
script as I could a bit later, and will be
glad to show it to you, Bliven—but, any-
how, it was a prayer to Lucifer, at once an
adoration and a petition, that he would
vouchsafe before these Christian unbe-
lievers a proof of his dominion over fire,
earth, air and water. He ceased abrupt-
ly as he had begun, and nodded toward
the cot. 'Hit is done!’ he sighed, and
once again mopped his forehead.

  " 'You infernal charlatan!’ snarled
Watts-Bedloe, unable longer to contain
himself. 'You’ve got the effrontery to
stand there and tell us anything has been
wrought upon that child by your slobber-
ing drivel?’

  "The man looked at him with luster-
less eyes. 'Look for yerself, guv-ner,’ he
answered.

“TT was Sir William who snatched
A back the sheet from his son; and till
my dying day I shall remember the un-
earthly beauty of what our astounded eyes
beheld. Lying there, smile upon his
lips, like a perfect form fresh from the
hand of his Creator, his little limbs
straight and delicately rounded, a picture
of almost awesome -loveliness, lay the
child we had but five minutes before seen
as a wrecked and broken travesty of hu-
manity.”

  Again Bliven interrupted explosively:

  "Oh, I say now, Royce! I’ll admit you
tell a ripping story, as such; you had even
me hanging breathless on your climax,
but this is too much! As man to man,
WEIRD TALES

855

you can’t sit there and tell us this child
was cured!”

   "I didn’t say that; for he was dead.”
Bliven was speechless, for once; but
Holmes spoke up in remonstrance:

   "It seems strange to me that such a
queer story should not have been repeat-
ed, and discussed!”

   "It isn’t strange, if you happen to know
anything about London hospitals,” Royce
explained patiently. "Who would re-
peat it? Would Watts-Bedloe permit it
to be known that by his permission some
charlatan was admitted, and that during
his devilish incantations his patient died?
Would the stricken father mention the
subject, even to us? Or the head nurse
and orderly, cogs in an inexorable ma-
chine?

   "All this took place nearly forty years
ago; and it is the first time I have spoken
of it. Watts-Bedloe died years back and
Sir William’s line is extinct. I can’t ver-
ify a detail; but it all happened exactly as
I have stated. As for the Luciferian,
none of us, I think, saw him depart. He
simply stole out in the slimy yellow fog,
back to whatever private hell it was he
came from, somewhere in London, the
city nobody knows, and where anything
may happen.”

 DEATH

By ALICE PICKARD

   I am death Infinite,

   Positive, Definite;

   I call upon the young
   Whose gay songs have been sung;
   I claim the weary old,

   Whose deeds were brave and bold;
   I beckon all, yet some
   Are reluctant to come.

   12 Novels
   for $f .00

 These are copyright novels by well known
 writers. Printed on good paper with illus-
 trated covers.

Thrilling Mystery Fiction

 Each of these books is an exciting
 mystery or detective story. Guaranteed to
 hold your interest.

 And you get the entire set of twelve
 novels for only one dollar! There is no
 other charge.

 But—you must act immediately! The supply
 is limited. Right now, while you think of It,
 tear out this advertisement, fill in the coupon
 below, and return to us with $1.00 (coin, stamps
 or money order). The complete set of twelve
 novels will be mailed to you promptly, postage
 prepaid.

 POPULAR FICTION PUBLISHING CO.,

 I>ept. 62, 840 N. Michigan Ave„

 Chicago, 111.

 I enclose $1.00. Send me the twelve novels,
 postage prepaid, at once. This $1.00 is paymant
 in full.

Name --____________________________________

Address___________________________________

City----------------------state________
856

WEIRD TALES

Burnt Things

(Continued from page 752)

an unjust discharge. No proof could be offered,
however.

  Yesterday his charred body was found in the
ruins of the factory, identification being possible
by means of an old-fashioned watch he always
carried. It is surprizing the body has not been
discovered sooner, for it lay in plain sight, near the
warehouse wall.

  The mystery is heightened by the fact that sev-
eral reputable people claim to have seen Barry
prowling among the ruins of Como as recently as
last Sunday. That this is impossible is evidenced
by the watch, the hands of which stopped at two-
fifteen. This is the approximate time the factory's
night-shift discovered they were trapped by the
flames.

The Wolf of St. Bonnot

                (Continued from page 746)

light. There is indubitably proof of true
materializations being made at seances.
The British Society for Psychical Research
and the Societe d’Etudes Psychiques—
both reliable associations of scientific men
—have attested it. Very well, what makes
such materializations possible?

  "A spiritual being, whether it be the
ghost of one once human or otherwise,
possesses passions, but neither body nor
parts to make them effective. Some
ghosts’ may show themselves, others may
not, and it is these latter which visit
seances in hope of materialization. Of
themselves they can not materialize any
more than the most skilled bricklayer can
construct a house, but give the artizan
materials with which to build, and pouf!
the house is reared before you know it.
So with these spirits. A form of energy
is radiated by die sitters at the seance,
something definite as radio waves, yet not
to be seen or touched or handled. This
is called psychoplasm. If enough of it be
present, the hovering ghost, spirit ot
demon can so change its vibrations, so
compress it, as to render it solid and pon-
derable. In fine, he has built himself a
body.

  "In normal circumstances the psycho-

plasm returns to the bodies which gave
it off, when once its work is done. Ha,
but suppose the spiritual visitant is a lar-
cener—one who so greatly desires once
more to live and move and have his
being in this world that he will not re*
turn that which furnishes him a corporeal
body? What then?

  "There lies the danger of the seance,
my friend. It may unwittingly give bod-
ily structure to a discarnate, evil entity.
So it was in this case. Yes.”

  "Yes?” I answered. "Well, where’s
the solution of the problem you said
you’d found?”

  "Here, par dieu! I shall reassemble the
sitters at that seance and make that thief,
Gilles Garnier, give back what he stole
from them. Yes, I shall most assuredly
do that, and this very night.”

All afternoon he was busy at the tele-
i- phone, tracing down the ten mem-
bers who composed the circle at Twelve-
trees with Norval Fleetwood and his wife.
When all had been reached and agreed
to gather at Fleetwood’s town house that
night, he rose wearily. "Do not wait
dinner for me, my friend,” he told me
sadly. "Rather would I lose a fingec
WEIRD TALES	857

than forego the little young pig the so
talented Nora McGinnis roasts in the
kitchen for dinner, but something more
precious than roast young pigs is involved
here. I shall dine at an hotel in New
York, helas.”

  "Why, where are you going?”

  "To a booking agency of the theater.”

  "A theatrical booking-”

  "Precisely, exactly, quite so. I have
said it. Meet me at Monsieur Fleetwood's
at ten tonight, if you please, and as you
value my friendship, see to it that no one
of the party leaves before I come. Au
plaisir de vous revoir.”

Half-past nine was sounding on the
clock in Fleetwood’s drawing-room
when de Grandin arrived. Embarrassed
and ill at ease, the sitters in the seance
at Twelvetrees were grouped about the
room, Norval doing his best to entertain
them. Hildegarde, looking pale and hag-
gard, but showing no serious physical re-
sults of her night’s adventure, sat before
the fire, and every now and then she
shuddered slightly, though the room was
warmed somewhat past the point of com-
fort. A frightened, half-expectant look
was on her face, and once or twice as
motor horns hooted mournfully in the
street outside quick fear leaped into her
eyes and she half rose from her seat with
blenched cheeks and twitching, terrified
lips.

  With de Grandin came a tall, pale-
faced young man in poorly fitting eve-
ning clothes, a virtuoso’s mop of long,
dark hair and deep-set, melancholy eyes.
"Professor Morine, Doctor Trowbridge,”
de Grandin introduced the stranger.
"Monsieur Fleetwood, Professor Mo-
rine.”

  "The professor is by profession a stage
hypnotist,” he explained in a lower tone.
"At present he is without an engagement,

IT IS NOT
TOO LATE-

to read one of the most popular stories that
has been printed in this magazine to date.
Through popular demand we have published
a cloth-bound edition of “The Moon Ter-
ror,” by A. G. Birch, to satisfy those who
were not fortunate enough to read this
startling story when it appeared serially in
the early issues of Weird Tales.

WC—|

READ the thrilling adventures of Dr. Fer-
dinand Gresham, the eminent American
.astronomer, in his encounters with Kwo-
Sung-tao, high priest of the Seuen-H’sin (the
Sect of Two Moons). The Seuen-H’sin are the
sorcerers of China, and the most murderously
diabolical breed of human beings on this earth
Bach turn of the page increases the suspense
when you follow Dr. Gresham to take part in
the hellish ceremonies in the Temple of the
Moon God—when he crosses the Mountains of
Fear—half starves on the dead plains of Dzun-
sz’chuen—swims the River of Death—sleeps in
the Caves of Nganhwiu, where the hot winds
never cease and the dead light their campfires
on their journey to Nirvana. Here is a story
that will thrill you.

SPECIAL OFFER

This book is beautifully bound in rich blue
cloth with attractive orange-colored jacket
and is for sale direct from the publishers at
the special price of $1.50 postpaid.

  Remember, this edition is limited and thia
offer is good only as long as the supply
lasts. Send for this fascinating book now
while it is fresh in your mind.

Weird Tales, Book Dept., SI-33

840 N. Mulligan Ave., Chicago, Illinois.

  Enclosed find $1.50 for cloth-bound copy et
THE MOON TERROR at publishers’ price.

Name____________________________

Address____________________

City----------------State.
858

WEIRD TALES

but the gentlemen at the theatrical bureau
d’enregistrement recommend his talents
without reserve. His fee for tonight will
be one hundred dollars. You agree, Mon-
sieur?” he looked inquiringly at Fleet-
wood.

  "If it will help cure Hildegarde it’s
cheap at twice the price.”

  "Very good, let us then say one hun-
dred and fifty. Remember, the professor
can secure no advertisement from tonight.
Moreover, he has promised to forget all
which transpires within this house.”

  "All right, all right,” Fleetwood an-
swered petulantly; "let’s get started.”
"Tres bien. All is prepared in the
farther room? Good. If you will kindly
make excuse to have Madame Hildegarde
leave the room a moment?”

  Norval whispered something in his
wife’s ear, and as they left the apartment
together de Grandin addressed the com-
pany:

  "Messieurs, Mesdames, we are as-
sembled here tonight in an endeavor to
duplicate the conditions obtaining when
Madame Fleetwood became first indis-
posed. Upon my honor I assure you no
advantage will be taken, but it is neces-
sary that you all submit to a state of light
hypnosis. I shall stand by and personally
see that all goes well. Do you agree?”
One after another the guests reluctant-
ly acquiesced in the proposal until Mazie
Noyer was reached. "I won’t,” she an-
swered shortly. "I’ll not be a party to
any such ridiculous proceeding. You just
want to get me in that man’s power to
make me a laughing-stock. I know! No,
indeed, I’ll not consent!”

  "Mademoiselle,” de Grandin protested,
"do you not care to see Madame Fleet-
wood restored to health? You assume a
great burden by refusing.”

  "I don’t care whether Hildegarde re-
covers or not. She can die before I’ll con-

sent to being hypnotized. You just want
to make a fool of me!”

  "Parbleu, nature has forestalled us in
that!” he muttered, but aloud he an-
swered: "Very well, Mademoiselle, as
you wish. You will excuse us while we
perform our work?” With a frigid bow
he turned from her and motioned the
others into an adjoining room.

  All furniture had been removed from
this apartment save a single round table
and a dozen chairs. About the latter de
Grandin traced a pentagram composed of
two interlaced triangles, and in each of
the five points he set a tall wax candle, a
tiny, sharp-pointed dagger with tip point-
ing outward, and a small crucifix.

  Norval led in Hildegarde, and as the
sitters took their places round the table
Professor Morine walked slowly round
the circle, stroking each forehead and
whispering soothingly. "All right, Doc-
tor,” he called softly as he completed the
circuit. "What next?”

  The Frenchman lighted the candles
one by one, murmuring some sort of
prayer or incantation as each took flame,
surveyed the dimly lit room for a mo-
ment, then turned to the professor. "Bid
them take orders from me, if you please,”
he answered.

  While Professor Morine repeated the
command, de Grandin drew forth five
shallow silver dishes from beneath the
table, poured some thick, dark fluid into
each from a prodigious hip-flask; then
from another flask he added some fur-
ther liquor, dark like the first, but thinner
and less viscid. As he recorked the second
flask I became aware of the pleasant,
heady odor of port wine.

  Each of the five dishes he placed just
outside one of the five points of the
pentagram; then drawing something
which jangled musically from beneath
the table, he handed Morine and me each
a small ecclesiastical censer and set the
WEIRD TALES

859

LONELY HEARTS

,	T ET os arrange a romantic correspon-

dence for you. Meet yoar sweetheart
thro the world’s foremost high-class
social correspondence club, a dub for re-
fined lonely people. Members every-
where: strictly CONFIDENTIAL, efficient and dignified
service. We have made thousands of lonely people
happy, why not you? Write for FREE Particulars.

haw aas lAAvcnuuii i r ci A

711W. LAKE ST. Dept. 207

CHICAGO

QUIT
TOBACCO

No man or woman can escape
the harmt’u 1 effects of tobacco, t
Don’t try to banish unaided J
the hold tobacco has upon you. i
Join the thousands of inveter- \

ate tobacco users that have _____

found it easy toquit with the aid of the Keeley Treatment.

TREATMENT

STOPS

Tobacco Habit

Quickly banishes all craving for tobacco. Write today
for Free Book telling how to quickly Free yourself from
the tobacco habit and our Money Back Guarantee.

KEELEY

DflPt.1l-307

THE KEELEY INSTITUTE

I HAVE A SWEETHEART FOR YOU

°° YT°” STOP TOBACCO?

Banish the craving for tobacco'aa

thousands have. Make yourself free

Iand happy with Tobacco Redeemer.
Not a substitute, not habit forming.
Write for free booklet telling of in-
jurious eff ectof tobacco and depend -
able, easy way to relieve*— ■—
the craving many men have. pp ££
Newell Pharmacal Co. Rnnif
Dept. 917, Clayton, Mo.l

 powdered incense glowing. "Keep them
 in motion, my friends,” he ordered, "and
 should anything appear amid the dark-
 ness, swing your censers toward it with-
 out ceasing.”

   To the sitters round the table he or-
 dered: "You will now concentrate with
 all your force on recovering that which is
 yours. No thought will you give to any-
 thing else, nor will you see or notice what
 may take place here, but ceaselessly you
 will say—and feel—'Gilles Garnier, give
 me back that which you withhold!’
 Begin!”

   Like the muttering of a summer storm-
 wind heard miles away, the low, monoto-
 nous, whispered chorus began: "Gilles
 Garnier, give me back that which you
 withhold—-Gilles Garnier, give me back
 that which you withhold!”

 For upward of five minutes the mur-
 mured, monotonous chorus went on.
 The ceaseless repetition made me drowsy.
 I stared about the dim, candle-lit room
 in an effort to distract my attention from
 the unceasing monody, wondering when
 it would stop.

   "Why did you bring in this profes-
 sional hypnotist?” I whispered to de
 Grandin. "I’ve seen you do some won-
 derful work of that kind; do you think it
 advisable to bring in a stranger?”

   "Tiens,” he returned softly, "there
 were twelve of them to be subjected,
 counting the recalcitrant Mademoiselle
 Noyer. To put them all beneath the spell
 would have tired me greatly, and le bon
 Dieu knows I must be fresh and men-
 tally alert this night. Attendez; it comes!”
 A sensation of intense cold was spread-
 ing through the warm, closed room, and
 the five candles flickered and bent their
 flames as though a breeze blew on them,
 though the light silk-mesh curtains at the
 windows were still as though cast in
 metal. From one of the vessels by a star-

HUNDREDS SEEKING MARRIAGE

  If you are lonely and sincere I can arrange a ro-
  mantic correspondence that will help you to find
  your ideal in a CONFIDENTIAL and dignified
  manner. Just the opportunity you have been
  awaiting. Pull particulars (or stamp. Mrs. F.
  Willard, 3004 N. Clark St.. Chicago. 111._

IB "Hi......... ii II I) il !■

  R;<* ^ ft TolocoAno Flr® flections. Brass bound. Powerful
  Dig o II. telescope Lenses. 10-Mile range. Special Eye
  Piece for looking at the Sun, included FREE. Can be used
  as a Microscope. Guaranteed. Big value. Postpaid $1.75.
  C. O. D. 15c extra.

BENNER & COMPANY, T-56, TRENTON, N. J.

LONESOME!

  A national organization that has helped thousands
  of lonely men and women find true happiness, can
  help you. Many refined, wealthy members anxious
  to marry. Particulars upon request. Write, Get-

  Acquatnted Club, B-1251, Denver, Colo.

The latest in Radio... new 1931
Screen Grid Humless All-Electric Seta,
remote control, public address, phono-
combinations ... all dynamic speaker
equipped. Also battery operated sets.
Beautiful consoles. Aeee33ories, parts,
kits, electric appliances, etc. Send for
this 168-page FREE book today!
860

WEIRD TALES

point there came a strange, soft sound,
such a sound as a cat makes when it laps
milk, and the rubescent liquid in the dish
showed faint ripples, as though disturbed
by a dabbling finger—or an invisible
tongue. Lower, lower sank the liquid;
the bowl was now all but empty.

  Softly, swiftly, de Grandin moved,
snatching one after another of the silver
vessels, dragging them within the outline
of the pentagram.

  Again we waited, the monotonous, re-
frain, "Gilles Garnier, give me back what
you withhold!” dinning in our ears; then
in a farther corner of the room showed
a faint and ghastly phosphorescence.
Brighter and brighter it glowed, took
shape, took substance — a monstrous,
shaggy white wolf crouched in the angle
of the wall!

  The beast was bigger than a mastiff,
bigger than an Irish wolfhound, almost
as big as a half-grown heifer, and from
its wide and gaping mouth there lolled a
gluttonous red tongue from which a drop
of dark-red liquid dripped. But dreadful
as the monster’s size and aspect were, its
eyes were more so. Incongruous as living
orbs glaring through the eye-holes of a
skull, they were, fierce, fiery malevolent
and human; but human only to be vi-
cious, cunning and wicked, as human
intellect, perverted, is crueler than the in-
stincts of the crudest of brute beasts.

  For a moment the monster glared at
us; then with a bellowing cry of rage it
rose upon its haunches, got to all four
feet, and charged full-tilt upon us.

  "Accursed of heaven, cast-off of hell,
give back that which you withhold!” de
Grandin cried, advancing to an angle of
the pentagram to meet the werewolf’s
charge, swinging his censer toward it, so
that clouds of incense floated forward,
and returning the wolf-thing’s glare with
a stare of equal hatred and ferocity.

  Where the narrow chalk-line of the

pentagram traced across the floor the
great beast stopped abruptly as though
in contact with a solid wall, gave a bay
of wild, insensate rage, and recoiled,
choking and gasping from the cloud of
incense.

  "Accursed of heaven, give back that
which you withhold!” de Grandin or-
dered yet again.

  The great white beast eyed him ques-
tioningly, lowered itself till its bellyhairs
scarcely cleared the floor, and slowly cir-
cled round the pentagram, whining half
fearfully, half savagely.

  "Accursed of heaven, give back that
which you withhold!” came the inexor-
able command once more.

  Oddly, the wolf-thing seemed losing
substance. Its solidarity seemed dwin-
dling; where a moment before it had
been substantial as any terror of the for-
est, we could now plainly discern the out-
lines of the room through its body, as
though it were composed of vapor. It
lost its red and white tones and became
luminous, like a figure traced in phos-
phorescent paint on a dark background.
The head, the trunk, the limbs and tail
became elongated, split off from one an-
other, rose slowly toward the ceiling like
little globes of luminosity, floated in mid-
air a moment, then slowly settled toward
the monotonously droning sitters round
the table.

  As each luminous globe touched a sit-
ter’s head it vanished, not like a bursting
bubble, but slowly, like a ponderable sub-
stance being sucked in, as milk in a gob-
let vanishes when imbibed through a
straw.

  A single tiny pear-shaped globule of
light remained, bobbing aimlessly against
the ceiling, bouncing down again, as an
imprisoned wasp may make the circuit of
a room into which it has inadvertently
flown.

  "Accursed of heaven, give back that
WEIRD TALES

861

 which you withhold!” de Grandin or-
 dered, staring fixedly at the rebounding
 fire-ball, “give back that which-”

    "Here, I’ve stood about enough of this
 —I want to know what’s going on here!”
 Mazie Noyer burst into the room. "If
 you’re doing anything mystic, I want
 to-”

   "Pour I’amour de Dieu, have a care!”
 de Grandin’s appalled shout cut her
 short. She had walked across an angle of
 the pentagram, oversetting and extin-
 guishing one of the candles as she did so.

   "I won’t be bullied and insulted by
 you any longer, you miserable little
 French snip!” she announced striding
 toward him. "I’ll-”

    The fire-ball fell to the floor as though
 suddenly transmuted to lead. We could
 hear the impact as it struck the boards.
 For a moment it rolled aimlessly to and
 fro, seemed to shrink—compress itself—
 and quickly took on the shape of a tiny,
 white wolf.

    Scarcely larger than a mouse it was, but
 a perfect replica of the great beast which
 had menaced us a few moments earlier,
 even to its implacable savagery. With a
 howl which was hardly more than a rat-
 squeak in volume, yet fierce and terrify-
 ing for all that, it dashed across the room,
 straight at the angle of the pentagram
 where the candle had been overturned.

   "Pardieu, we meet on something like
 even ground, Monsieur le Loup-garou, I
 think!” de Grandin cried, seized one of
 the small, sharp-pointed daggers from
 the floor and impaled the advancing
 miniature monster with its keen blade.

   The tiny, savage thing died slowly,
 writhing horribly. With teeth and claws
 it fought against the steel which pinned
 it to the floor, blood and futile, hissing,
 agonized squealing howls issuing from
 its gaping mouth. At last its struggles
 ceased, it quivered and lay still.

    "Oh, you cruel, odious little wretch,

Stopped

His Whiskey

Drinking

It FREE

The Happy Reunion

                               W i v e 8, mothers,
 Bisters, it is you that
 the man who drinks
 Whiskey, Wine or
 | Beer to excess must
 depend upon to help
 save . him from a
 ' ruined life and a
 drunkard's grave. Take
 heed from the thou-
 sands of men going
 to ruin daily through vile bootlegger’s Whiskey,
 and the horrible stuff called home brew from pri-
 vate stills. Once he gets it in his system he finds
 it difficult to stop—but you can help him. What
 it has done for others is an example of what it
 should do for you. All you have to do is to Bend
 your name and address and we will send absolutely
 FREE, in plain wrapper, a trial package of
 GOLDEN TREATMENT. You will be thankful as
 long as you live that you did it. Address
 DR. J. W. HAINES CO.

 4140 Glenn Building	Cincinnati, Ohio

 MARRY!

 IF YOU WANT "A RICH WIFE!” or
 "WEALTHY HUSBAND!”—send for
 our big (FREE) List of Descriptions.
 ("ONE”) may be your ideal!

AMERICAN FRIENDSHIP SOCIETY

 Box 100-AD.	Detroit, Michigan

  ToAnySult!

    ■ Double the life of your
    coat and vest with correctly
    matched pants.100f000 patterns* _
    Every pair hand tailored to your measure; no
    readymades." Our match sent FREE for yonr
    O. K. before pants are made. Fit guaranteed.
    Send piece of doth or vest today.

       SUPERIOR MATCH PANTS COMPANY
 US So. Dearborn Street* Dept. 487,

I CHALLENGE

  you that I will teach you. by mail in one lesson, the simplest,
  shortest, method. Not telepathy. You can read one’s mind to a
  dot by only looking in the eyes of partner, chum, sweet-
  heart, etc. Traised by New York, Boston, Montreal Polioe
  Chiefs, colleges, Thurston, Blackstone, etc. If fake, lot them
  arrest me. Send in all $1.00.

 A. Honigman, 5390 Clarke St., W.T.-l, Montreal, Can,
862

WEIRD TALES

you killed that poor little animal as heart-
lessly as-” Miss Noyer raged at him,

then broke off her tirade abruptly and
planted a resounding slap upon de Gran-
din’s cheek.

A red and angry patch showed on his
face where her palm and fingers struck,
but the rest of his countenance went livid
beneath the insult. "Sorciere! Witch-
woman; ally of hell’s dark powers!” he
cried furiously. “Were it not that I must
burn him to ashes in the fire, I would
give you the carcass of your familiar for a
keepsake. Be off, get gone, ere I forget

your sex and-” He strode toward her,

eyes blazing with such cold, concentrated
fury' that she recoiled from him as from a
serpent. "You dare!” she challenged in
a shrill, frightened voice. "You just dare
strike me!” then turned and raced
through the door as though in fear of
swift and condign punishment.

<e/^\ F course,” de Grandin told me in
V-r my study some two hours later,
"we could neglect no precautions, my
friend. The pentagram has at all times
and in all ages been esteemed as a guard
against the powers of evil; wicked spirits,

CHARACTER ANALYSIS

- LEARN WHAT 1931

 has in store for you. Co you know what your strong
 and weak points are? Will you be lucky?^ Will
 1931 be a profitable year for you? Consult it for
 business, love, courtship, marriage, speculation,
 health, etc. 8 pages. Send birth date with 25c.

 J. M. Simmons, 109 N. Dearborn, Chicago, 111.

ARB YOU LONELY?? and single, too.

Don’t wonder what on earth to do!

Just send a line to BETTY TRUE,

Her Club will chase the blues for you!

(Write today.)

Box 796, Los Angeles, Calif.

Do you want to learn how to get

EMPLOYMENT?

If so we can help you

 Send name and address for free literature. THE
 BROTHERHOOD OF LIGHT, DEPT. O, Box 1535,
 Los Angeles, Calif.

STATEMENT OF THE OWNERSHIP, MAN-
AGEMENT, CIRCULATION, ETC.. RE-
QUIRED BY THE ACT OF CONGRESS
OF AUGUST Hi, 1918,

Of Weird Tales, published monthly at Indianap-
olis, Indiana, for October 1, 1930.

State of Illinois
County of Cook ss-

  Before me, a notary public in and for the State
and county aforesaid, personally appeared Wm. R.
Sprenger, who, having been duly sworn according
to law, deposes and says that he is the Business
Manager of the Weird Tales and that the following
is, to the best of his knowledge and belief, a true
statement of the ownership, management (and if
a daily paper, the circulation), etc., of the aforesaid
publication for the date shown in the above caption
required by the Act of August 24, 1912, embodied
in section 411, Postal Laws and Regulations, printed
on the reverse of this form, to wit:

  1.	That the names and addresses of the pub-
lisher, editor, managing editor, and business man-
ager are:

  Publisher—Popular Fiction Publishing Company,
2457 E. Washington St., Indianapolis, Ind.

  Editor—Farnsworth Wright, 840 N. Michigan
Ave., Chicago, 111.

  Managing Editor—None.

  Business Manager—William R. Sprenger, 840 N,
Michigan Ave., Chicago, 111.

  2.	That the owner is: (If owned by a corpora-
tion, its name and address must be stated and also
immediately thereunder the names and addresses
of stockholders owning or holding one per cent or
more of total amount of stock. If not owned by a
corporation, the names and addresses of the indi-
vidual owners must be given. If owned by a firm,
company, or other unincorporated concern, its name
and address, as well as those of each individual
member must be given.)

  Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 E.
Washington St., Indianapolis, Ind.

  Wm. R. Sprenger, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chi-
cago, 111.

  Farnsworth Wright, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chi-
cago, 111.

  George M. Cornelius, 2457 E. Washington St., In-
dianapolis, Indiana.

  George H. Cornelius, 2457 E. Washington St.,
Indianapolis, Indiana.

  P. W. Cornelius, 2457 E. Washington St., Indian-
apolis, Indiana.

  3.	That the known bondholders, mortgagees, and
other security holders owning or holding 1 per cent
or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages, or
other securities are: (If there are none, so state).
None.

  4.	That the two paragraphs next above, giving

the names of the owners, stockholders, and secu-
rity holders, if any, contain not only the list of
stockholders and security holders as they appear
upon the books of the company, but also, in cases
where the stockholder or security holder appears
upon the books of the company as trustee or» in any
other fiduciary relation, the name of the person or
corporation for whom such trustee is acting, is
given; also that the said two paragraphs contain
statements embracing affiant’s full knowledge and
belief as to the circumstances and conditions under
which stockholders and security holders who do not
appear upon the books of the company as trustees,
hold stock and securities in a capacity other than
that of a bona flde owner; and this affiant has no
reason to believe that any other person, association,
or corporation has any interest, direct or indirect,
in the said stock, bonds, or other securities than
as so stated by him.

  5.	That the average number of copies of each
issue of this publication sold or distributed, through
the mails or otherwise, to paid subscribers during
the six months preceding the date shown above

is.;_______ (This information is required from

daily publications only.)

                    WM. R. SPRENGER,
                       Business Manager.

  Sworn to and subscribed before me this 29th day;
of September, 1930. RICHARD S. GOULDBN,

 [SEAL]	Notary Public.

  My commission expires May 4, 1931.
WEIRD TALES

863

even the most powerful, are balked by it.
In addition, I placed in each of its five
angles a blessed candle from the church,
a crucifix and also a dagger which had
been dipped in eau benite. Evil spirits of
an elemental nature—those which have
never been housed in human flesh—can
not face pointed steel, probably because it
concentrates radiations of psychic force
from the human body which are destruc-
tive to them. In addition, I secured from
the good cure who let me have the can-
dles three censers filled with consecrated
incense. Mordieu, he was hard to con-
vince, that one, but once I had convinced
him that the blessed articles were needed
to combat a dread invader from the other
world, he went the entire pig, as you
Americans say. Yes. Incense, you must
know, is highly objectionable to wicked
spirits, whether they be the ghosts of
long-dead evil men or ill-disposed neutra-
rians bent on doing mischief to mankind,
whom they hate.

  "Eh bien, I thought the grease was in
the fire when that never-enough-to-be-
abominated Noyer woman came into the
room and overset the guardian candle.
Her natural viciousness and her anger
made a sad disturbance, she gave the one
tiny remaining bit of psychoplasm as yet
not reabsorbed the very nourishment it
needed to become a ravening, preying,
full-sized werewolf once more. Had I not
killed it to death with the consecrated
dagger when I did, it might have grown
once more to its full stature—and it was
already inside the protecting pentagram.
Cordieu,. I do not like to speculate on
what might have happened then! No, we
shall be far happier if we dismiss that
thought from our minds.”

  "What was in those silver dishes?” I
asked.

  "Bait,” he answered with a grin.
"Blood and wine, my friend; wine and

CLASSIFIED ADVEKTISKMKNT8

Song: Writing:

SONG WRITERS I ADVANCE ROYALTY PAY-

 ments, new talking picture song requirements, etc.,
 fully explained In our free instructive booklet.
 Newcomer Associates, 1674-Z Broadway, New York.
 SONG POEM WRITERS—“REAL” PROPOSITION.
 Hibbeler, P156, 2104 Keystone, Chicago.

Help Wanted

POSITIONS ON OCEAN LINERS: EXPERIENCE

 unnecessary; Good pay; List of positions free. Box
 292-E, Mount Vernon, N. Y.

Personal

CHASE THOSE LONELY HOURS AWAY! I’VE

 the very pal for you, lonesome like yourself. Write
 today—you’ll be glad. Free particulars, confidential,
 interesting descriptions, attractive members every-
 where (many wealthy). Mrs. Budd, Box 753-W,
 San Francisco, Calif.

WANT TO JOIN THREE CORRESPONDING CIR-
CLES for price of one, free description lists, details
for stamp. Popular Wealthy Corresponding Circles,
Box 743, Kingston, N. Y.

LETTER CLUB FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.

Big paper free, send for one. Eastern Agency 22,

Bridgeport, Conn.__

FOR 1931 NUMEROLOGICAL FORECAST SEND
20c and birthdate to Mrs. Sanchez, 2847 Fourth
Ave., Detroit, Michigan.

(MEN—ENLARGE MUSCLES; STRICTLY CON-

 fidential. Stamp appreciated. Address: Laboratory
 Manager, Box 534, Santa Ana, Calif.

TE7T

Make

RECORDS OF YOUR
Talking and Singing Voice

 Here is the newest, most sensational idea of the
 year. Loads of fun. Mystifying apd practical. Make
 real records of your singing and talking voice. Just
 place one of the Crystal Voice Records on your phono-
 graph and speak, or sing into it. Then listen to
 YOURSELF. Make records of your friends’ voices.
 Becord your home orchestras.

For Fun and Profit

 Give recording parties. Loads of f on and entertain-
 ment. A tremendous new field for pleasant talkers
 and singers has been opened by the talking pictures
 and radio. Train your voice and cultivate your speech
 through this amazing scientific discovery. Here is
 your opportunity to practice in your own home.

 No mechanical or electrical devices needed. No
 further information necessary—everything to start
 recording at once included with records.

 WRITE TODAY! Send your order AT ONCE.
 Three Crystal Records (six sides) for $1.98. Check
 or money order for $1.98, or pay postman on arrival.

CRYSTAL RECORDING COMPANY

Dept. WT, 303 Fourth Ave., New York
864

WEIRD TALES

NEXT MONTH

THE LOST
LADY

By SEABURY QUINN

IN the temple of Angkor in Cam-
bodia danced a white temple-dancer.
How she came there was a mystery
which interested the French govern-
ment. This beautiful temple-dancer
became the focal point in a mystery
involving a revolt against French rule,
evil magic, and fiendish tortures.

How Inspector Renouard pursued
the diabolical Doctor Sun Ah
Poy to America and enlisted the help
of the little French occultist, Jules de
Grandin, makes a thrilling and fasci-
nating novelette, which will be pub-
lished complete in the

January issue of

WEIRD TALES

On Sale December 1st
Clip and Mail this coupon today!

WEIRD TALES
840 N. Michigan Ave.,

Chicago, 111.

Enclosed find $1 for special 5 months subscrip-
tion to “Weird Tales” to begin with the January
issue ($1.25 in Canada). Special offer void un-
less remittance is accompanied by coupon.

Nome_______________________________

Atldrftsa------------------ --------------------—

City-----------State_____________

blood. The mixture of those liquids is
especially pleasingto the hosts of evil. In
the celebration of la messe noire—die
black mass where Satan is invoked—by
example, the chalice is filled with min-
gled wine and blood from the cut throat
of a sacrificed babe. Therefore, I pro-
cured some fresh blood from the hospi-
tal and some fresh wine from a legger-
of-the-boot this morning, and set my bait.
The werewolf came to drink, but I would
not let him lap his fill. No. When he
had drank one bowlful I did move the
others from his reach within the angles
of the pentagram, lest he become too
powerful for us. One does not nourish
one’s enemy before the encounter, my
friend. Assuredly not. All of which re-
minds me-”

   "Of what?” I asked, as he paused with
one of his well-remembered, elfish grins.

  "That wine unmixed with blood is
very good to drink, and that I am most
vilely thirsty. Madame Hildegarde’s ob-
session is destroyed, she has no more to
fear, for Gilles Garnier is deprived of
bodily ability to do her harm. There is
no immediate further need for the so
great talents of Jules de Grandin, there-
fore”—he rose with a profound bow—
"with your permission I shall proceed to
drink myself into a state of blissful un-
consciousness—and he who wakes me
before noon tomorrow would be advised
to have his Pater Nosters said before-
hand!”

Listen In On Your Radio Every
Wednesday Night

at 12 o’clock, Eastern Standard Time, for the

WEIRD TALES HOUR

Dramatization of stories from the magazine
will be broadcast from

Station WTAM, Cleveland

W. T—9
AkE^CuTiEED CfTHE

WcELD ABOLT'yCL?

      We invite you to take a trip with us through the glamorous land of
      the Orient, to enjoy its mystery and see the colorful life of its peo-
      ple through the medium of fascinatfng stories, as you could never
      see it on any cut-and-dried steamship tour. Let our writers take you
      into the harems, enjoy the gossip of the souks, see the panorama of
      red war, ride across the desert with the Bedouins, and tremble
      before the onslaught of the Masked Tuaregs—all without leaving
      the cozy comfort of your fireside.

     Here is the magazine you have been waiting for, a magazine whose
     stories get under the skin of the inscrutable East. A magazine
     crammed full of romance and interest that will supply you with
     many hours of pleasurable entertainment.

ON SALE AT ALL NEWS STANDS

 Subscription Rates: $1.50 a year in U. S. or possessions; Canadian $1.75; Foreign $2.00.
 Oriental Stories	840 N. Michigan Ave.	Chicago, 111.
OU’LL NEVER KNOW LIFE

Until You've Read the Greatest
of All Forbidden Books!

YOU’LL never know the tremendous force of human
passions until you’ve feasted on the most thrilling
Tales from that greatest of all true-to-Iife books—the
immortal Decameron! . . . Here are the frankest tales
of love and intrigue ever set clown on paper. Written in
an age of plain speaking they show us how real flesh-and-
blood men and women act in time of stress—the deep
secret motives that influence our actions today no less
than they did centuries ago.

  And now for a short time only you can inspect these
great examples of realistic writing—the stories which you
have always longed to read—in your own home for^ five
days, without obligation! Read all about this surprising
offer, then s<ind for your copy at once.

AMAZING .... INSPIRING

  For centuries the Decameron has thrilled millions—has
inspired countless great authors—has been lauded by the
most discriminating critics. Rich in fascinating plots,
vibrant with all the passions of a warm-blooded race, it
has furnished plots for the world’s great masters of liter-
ature—Shakespeare, Chaucer, Keats, Tennyson, Dryden
and Longfellow. No one can know literature, can call
himself truly sophisticated, until he has drunk from the
bottomless loving cup of that genial old Italian, Giovanni
Boccaccio. . . . And far from being immoral as many
narrow minded people used to think, these Tales from the
Decameron are in reality almost a text book for the
earnest stodent of that greatest of all studies—human
nature.

  Boccaccio’s stories have already lived five times as long
as our United States. They were the "best sellers” when
Broadway was still a wilderness—and yet today they still
delight us with their immortal vitality, forever young,
forever gay, forever thrilling.

  The morals and customs of Italy of the fourteenth cen-
tury are all laid before you—the way people lived, the
hovels and palaces they dwelt in. the strange pleasures
they indulged in—all are told with a wit and pathos that
never crept between the covers of any other book. Thus
the stories not only amuse and entertain, which after all
xs the first requirement of good fiction, but they give us

the history of manners and morals of a long passed age.
They constitute a landmark of literature, which must not
be passed over, if you would broaden your vision—make
yourself truly cultured.

SEND NO MONEY
5 DAY TRIAL

    And now we are enabled to offer you three great classics
—thjrty-five of the best stories from the famous Decameron
—for the amazingly low sum of only $1.98. Send no
money—just fill out and mail the coupon below. When the
package arrives pay the postman $1.98 plus few cents
postage. Inspect this great book for five days, then if
you are not delighted return it and your money will be
refunded. Mail the coupon this instant before this low
price offer is withdrawn! Franklin Publishing Co., 800
N. Clark St., Dept.W-610, Chicago.

I Franklin Publishing Co.,

800 N. Clark St., Dept. W-610,

    Chicago.

   Please send me a copy of The Tales from the
   immortal Decameron by Boccaccio. When package
   arrives I will* pay postman only $1.98 plus few ■
   cents postage. Ii not delighted, I am at liberty to I
   return the volume within five days and my money
   | will be refunded.

Name-------------------------------__________

Address_______________________________________— I

! City——----------------------- State--------------------I

Ilf you may be out when the postman calls, en-
close $2 with this coupon and we will pay all de-	I

(livery charges. Customers outside U. S. must send	i

cash with order.	I

L

__1