THE ARGOSY.

Voiv. XXV.

AUGUST, 1897.

No. 1.

 A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

The find of three adventurers among the Andes—A quest for treasure that brought to light
a strange community—Exciting experiences among the descendants of the Incas.

(Complete in This Issue.)

Chapter I.—An Unequal Combat.

HE narrow trail wound up the mountain side like a brown ribbon,

writhing in and out among the huge boulders and clumps of sturdy
timber, now skirting the verge of a sheer precipice, anon following the dry
bed of some torrent. Far above toward the azure arch towered the snow
clad peaks of the Andes ; below, the depths of the verdant valleys were
almost lost in the haze of distance.

   The tinkle of a silver bell was all that disturbed the silence of the day.
Around a rugged spur of the mountain came a pack train, the like of which
can be seen nowhere but in the Peruvian Andes.

   First appeared the awkward, camel-like face of the leading pack animal—
a great llama, with a silver bell fastened to a strap about its throat. By the
odd creature’s side trotted a half naked Indian lad, with the leading strap in
his hand. Then one by one followed nearly a dozen smaller llamas, each
with a pack strapped on its back. Two Indians walked beside them, while
the rear of the procession was brought up by three individuals dressed in the
half native, half European costume of white travelers. Two were young
men, both sturdy of limb and of pleasing presence ; the other was a short,
‘ ‘ squatty’ ’ fellow with flabby cheeks and little, twinkling, pig-like eyes,
almost hidden in layers of flesh. He was well along toward fifty and when
he removed his broad brimmed hat to wipe his perspiring forehead, showed a
well developed bald spot on top.

   “This tramp hits you where you live, eh, Fitch?” laughingly inquired
one of the younger men, a brown haired, sunny faced fellow.

      Hi’m getting to hold for it, Hi am, Mr. Kinsale,” replied the short man,
puffing like an asthmatic donkey engine. “This trading business is too
bloomin’ hactive, an’ that’s no lie. Hi’d better be back in Eunnon than ’ere
in this blessed ’ole. Hit was a sorry day for Bob Fitch w’en ’e leaved a
civilized country for a ’eathen land.”
2

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

    “ And yet you’ve been at it the better part of ten years? ’ queried Kin-
sale. “ I should think you’d have gone back before.”

    “ Gone back, is it ? ” cried Fitch, with a flourish of his huge bandanna.
“ If Hi’d made money enough d’ye think Hi’d stay ’ere? Hi’m not such a
bloomin’ fool.”

   “ Haven’t made money enough in trading all these years to pay your pas-
sage home, eh?” said Kinsale, with a twinkle in his eye. “Most of you
traders make two or three hundred per cent on the gimcracks you sell the
"natives. ’ ’

    “ Tut, tut ! never believe hall you ’ear, sir,” said Fitch, with an answer-
ing grin. “ But after a man’s been told ’e can get gold for the pickin’ hup,
’e don’t want to go back to ’is hold friends an’ neighbors with just a com-
fortable living. ’ ’

    “ Want to cut a dash, do you ? ”

   “Well, Hi was told Hi’d get rich ’ere,” remarked Fitch drily. “Hi
don’t want to disappoint them as told me, sir.”

    “ What you want is to find some of those old treasure caves of the Incas
that Keeth was reading about last night.”

    “ If I’d been trading among these mountains for ten years I’d have had a
look for some of them,” said the third man, with gravity.

    He was a tall, black haired man of twenty five or so, well built and athletic,
and with a sharp, penetrating eye. He was so dark that he made an ex-
cellent foil for Kinsale’s blond face.

   “That’s hall nonsense, sir,” declared the trader, with some emphasis.
“ Them yarns are just to play hoff on strangers. Nobody but a Dago would
believe ’em.”

Then you don’t believe in the treasures of the Incas ? ’ ’ queried Kinsale.
“ Not Hi ! ” cried Fitch, with emphasis. “ They say these 'ere Hinjuns,”
and he pointed contemptuously at the half naked llama drivers, “ was once a
great nation, an’ ’ad hall sorts o’ treasures. Nonsense, Hi says. Where’s it
hall gone ? ’ ’

    “ History tells us that Pizarro’s conquestadors got a good share of it,” re-
marked the dark man.

   “ ’E was another of these Dagoes, I suppose,” said Fitch, who might be
rather shaky on history, but had all the average Englishman’s contempt for
the conquerors of Peru. “ ’E probably lied about it.”

   “ Oh, get out ! ” said Kinsale. “ Pizarro and his companions found dead

loads of treasure-’ ’

   “You can’t convince Mr. Fitch, Ford,” interrupted his friend. “That’s
impossible. Nothing but the actual sight of an Inca treasure house would
do it.”

   “ You’re right, Mr. Keeth,” declared Fitch. “ If the forebears of these
Hinjuns ’ad stored up gold from the old mines, as they say they did, an’
other valibles, these ’ere Hinjuns of today would ’ave found it, an’ spent it
for rum before this.”

   Both his companions laughed.

   “Well,” said Ford Kinsale, “if Keeth doesn’t locate his nitrate beds
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

3

pretty soon, I'm going to hunt for the Incas’ old hideouts. When the
Spaniards drove the tribes into the mountains they lugged a pile of treasure
with ’em. It must be hidden somewhere."

   “ You get to monkeying among these mountains, off the beaten paths,
and you’ll be up against something you won’t like,” observed Keeth.

   “ What? ”

   “ Well, they say all the Indians aren’t as peaceable as the coast natives,
or those Fitch trades with in the interior.”

   “ I’ll risk ’em,” said Ford. “ I’m bound to get some fun during my va-
cation. If it’s going to be a brush with wild Indians, why let it come.
Goodness knows, after boning down at a desk in Callao for eighteen months
steady, I ought to stand a little excitement.”

   “ Pooh ! pooh ! ” exclaimed Fitch. “ You young men don’t believe hall
them old woman’s tales about the mountain tribes, do you ? ”

   “ Fitch,” said Keeth, “ you’re the most unbelieving man I ever saw.”

   “ He’s worse than that,” cried Ford. “ It’s abominable. Remember,
we’re out for a holiday—at least, / am. Don’t try to break down our faith
in all the romantic traditions of the country. L,et us believe in the descend-
ants of the Incas themselves who, they say, inhabit the upper plateaus of the
Andes.”

   “ Nonsense ! nonsense ! ” declared the trader, with some heat. “ We’re
in as wild a part of the Sierras now as a white man cares to go. There’s
nothin’ but mountains hand wild beasts to the north of us. Hi’ve been
hover this trail dozens of times an’ Hi never even saw one o’ them Hinjuns
you’re talking about. Hit’s all a bloomin’ booger story.”

   “ If there’d been any truth in it Fitch would have been trading with them
before this,” interposed Keeth drily.

   “ That’s so,” said the trader. “ That’s just what I would-”

    At that instant the steady jangling of the bell on the leading llama ceased.
The pack train came to a sudden stop, the animals crowding upon one
another in the narrow path.

   The trail ahead was hidden by a towering spur of rock. From beyond
this obstruction came the loud clash of voices and the trampling of feet.

   “ What’s up? Another pack train ? ” demanded Ford.

   Fitch started forward, but before he had rounded the head of his train the
sound of voices had increased to a roar, above which the strokes of metal
upon metal were plainly audible.

    “ A fight, by Jove ! ” cried Ford, and he started on a run up the trail.

   But Keeth passed both of them before they reached the spur of rock. He
unslung his rifle as • he ran and when he rounded the obstruction held the
weapon at a “ ready.” •

   The scene which met his gaze was a most startling one. On the narrow
trail above him a group of nearly a score of Indians were struggling, and the
victim of their wrath was a single individual who stood at bay with his back
to the rocky wall. The Indians were fairly falling over one another in their
furious endeavors to thrust the imperiled man through with their spears.

   He was a slight, lithe man—a Spaniard Keeth was sure at first glance—
4

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

and his remarkable activity was all that had saved him up to this point. He
was bleeding badly from several wounds, but was dexterously catching most
of his enemies’ thrusts upon a round rawhide shield attached to his left arm.
With his own spear (it seemed his only weapon) he was doing no little dam-
age to his foes. One lay face downward at his feet, quite dead.

   The Indians themselves were plainly of a different tribe from those who
bore the llama train company. They were a fiercer people—that was evident ;
and they were taller and more sturdy. Their soled sandals rattled on the
rocky path and they fought like furies. The outcome of the uneven battle
could not have long remained in doubt.

   These facts Keeth saw at almost a glance. He shifted the rifle from his
arm to his shoulder in a trice and the crack of the piece rose above the shouts
of the savages. He had purposely aimed high, and the bullet splintered the
rock above their heads. They ceased their onslaught and fell back at once,
turning their angry faces toward this new antagonist.

   At the same moment Ford and the trader appeared beside Keeth, both
equally well armed. The Indians were evidently cowed by the appearance
of the Europeans with rifles in their hands. While they hesitated, the man
whom they had attacked suddenly leaped out into the trail and ran at break-
neck speed toward his rescuers.

   The Indians started in pursuit, but both Keeth and Ford Kinsale raised
their weapons, and, instead of keeping on, the natives wheeled and scattered
among the rocks, evidently expecting a volley from the guns. In a moment
they were out of sight, and their victim, covered with blood and well nigh
exhausted, fell into Keeth’s arms.

Chapter II.—“Will You Go?”

   “ What about your booger stories now, Fitch?” demanded Ford, as he
assisted Keeth to place the wounded stranger on the ground.

   But the trader, leaving his two Companions to care for the victim of the
Indians’ wrath, ran forward and examined the dead man lying in the trail.
When he returned he found the stranger sitting up with his back against a
boulder and Keeth bathing his face. Ford and the three llama drivers were
looking on, Ford’s expression depicting the liveliest interest, the Indians’
features as expressionless as so many tobacco store signs.

   “There ben’t nothin’ strange about them Hinjuns,” declared the Lon-
doner.

   “ What do you mean ? ” asked Keeth, looking up.

  “Hi know them,” said Fitch. “They were mountain Hinjuns, but
Hi’ve been among ’em hall. They’re as civilized as my llama men ’ere,”
and he pointed to the three drivers.

   “They acted mighty civilized,” said Ford. “If we’d been a minute
later our friend here would likely have been a victim of their excessive civil-
ization.”

   “Hi don’t understand it,” muttered Fitch, jerking his thumb over his
shoulder at the dead man. “ Hi’ve hoften traded with that fellow yonder.”
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

5

   The wounded man opened his eyes once or twice ; but his conflict with
the Indians had completely exhausted him, and he rallied slowly. There
was a nasty wound in his forehead just at the roots of the hair and the blood
had streamed down his face ; Keeth wiped it away carefully. There was no
other serious wound, but upon the right cheek, just below the eye, was a
mark tattooed upon the skin about the size of an American half dollar.
Keeth’s attention was at once attracted to the cabalistic figure and he pointed
it out to Ford and the trader.

   Upon the three white men the tattooed sign made 110 impression other
than serving to stimulate their curiosity. But it had a most surprising effect
upon the three Indians who were staring over their employer’s shoulder at
the wounded Spaniard. They begap to jabber together in their own tongue,
pointing excitedly at the strange mark.

   “ Well, wot’s the matter with you? ” demanded Fitch, who, despite his
ten years’ experience in Peru, had never been able to master the “gibberish”
of the natives, and even spoke the Spanish with a Cockney accent that would
have driven a linguist crazy.

   “Senor,” said the oldest of the drivers, replying in fair English, “no
good you he’p that man. We come away and leave him here, eh? ”

    “ What’s that? L,eave the poor fellow here to die ? ” cried Ford.
“What’s the matter with ’im?” demanded the trader. “’E ain’t got
the small pox, has he ? ”

   “He mooch better haf small poc. We no he’p him. We mooch better
go on and leave him.”

   “Why, Hi’d like to know?” cried Fitch.

    The Indian pointed slowly to the tattooed cheek.

   “ What the dickens does he mean, Fitch? ” asked Ford.

   “ Some o’ their bloomin’ superstition, Hi suppose,” replied the trader,
in disgust. Then turning to the Indian he said : “ Now look-er ’ere, Juan,
Hi wanter know wot you mean? Wot’s the matter with this’ere fellow
that we should leave ’im hout ’ere on the trail to die ? ”

   Again the Indian pointed solemnly to the tattoo mark.

    “ He is forbid,” he said.

    Fitch muttered an oath ; but the llama driver continued :

   ‘ ‘ Senor, that sign is a command to us. We must obey. He is accursed.
He should die ! ”

   Keeth reached for his Winchester and cocked it.

    “ Tell them that if they undertake to follow out that idea I’ll give them
a taste of lead myself, ’ ’ he said to Fitch.

   “ Don’t you fret, Mr. Keeth,” returned the trader. “ Hi’m blessed if I
’aven’t a mind to ’ide the ’ole three of them. The hignerant niggers ! ”

   “ What do you mean by his being accursed?” asked Ford, looking at
Juan.

   “ Los Americanos ees stranger here, eh ? You know not my people,” said
the Indian, drawing himself up proudly. “ We were a great people once.
We haf not forget that, though we speak a tongue other than our own and
worship a god other than that of our forefathers. But that mark we know. ’ ’
6

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

He pointed to the Spaniard’s cheek. “ Bet was known to our ancestors long
before the Spaniards conquered the land. He is accursed ! ’ ’

   The Indian laid his hand on the long knife at his belt; but Keeth was
watching him.

   “ Not on your life ! ” he exclaimed, snatching up his weapon again. “ I
tell you this fellow shan’t be hurt. Disarm that scamp, Fitch.”

   The Indian sprang back with flashing eyes.

   “ The senor knows not what he does,” he said hoarsely. “Bet is at
your life’s risk that you assist that man.”

   “ Well, we’ll risk it,” interposed Ford. “ But you keep your hand off
that knife, my friend.”

   ‘ ‘ You fellow's go back to your places, ’ ’ commanded the trader. ‘' An’
don’t let’s ’ear hanny more of it. We’ll make a ’urdle to carry the poor
lad on.”

   But the Indians jabbered together and did not move.

   “ Come, do you ’ear ? ” cried Fitch, glowering at Juan and his companions.
   “ Does the senor leave that man ? ” demanded Juan.	<

   “ No, sir ; ’e is going with us to ’Ualpa.”

   “ Den we not go wit’ you,” declared the Indian.

   “ You rascal, you ! ” cried the trader, shaking his fist at him. “ Hif
you leave me in the lurch this way you’ll not get a cent of your pay, hand
when I get back to the coast Hi’ll make you sweat for hit, too ! ”

   “ Bueno / It must be so ! ” responded Juan, with a shrug of his shoul-
ders. “ Adios, senor ! ”

   He turned on his heel, and, with his two companions, passed out of sight
down the trail, leaving Fitch in a state of rage bordering on apoplexy.

   “ Come, come, Fitch,” said Keeth. “There’s no use talking that way.
How far is the next town ? ’ ’

   “ Oh, we can get to ’Ualpa tonight if this chap don’t keep us back too
much,” growled the trader.

   “ I’ll answer for him. We won’t have to carry him ; he’ll be able to
walk, I think. Ford, you’ll help Mr. Fitch with the beasts, won’t you ? ’ ’

   “ Sure,” responded Kinsale.

   “We’d best camp here for lunch, I’m thinking,” pursued Keeth.

‘ ‘ Lemnie that flask in your pocket, Fitch. ’ ’

   The Cockney handed over the liquor and then went back with Ford to
bring up the pack train. Keeth forced a little of the spirits between the
lips of the wounded man. He choked, opened his eyes, and struggled into
a more upright position.

   “ Senor,” he said weakly, “ you haf safed my life—you and your com-
rades. ’ ’	*

    ‘ ‘ How are you feeling ?’ ’ asked Keeth.

   “Better—mooch better.” He looked hastily about. “ The Indians ? ” he
queried. ‘ ‘ Where are they ? ’ ’

   “ Skipped out,” replied the American. “ Their spears were hardly of use
against our Winchesters.”

   “ Ah—yes. Had I possessed a gun I should haf shown a better fight.”
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

7

   “ You might have driven them off; but I doubt if you could have put
up a pluckier front,” returned Keeth, with admiration. “ Why did they set
upon you ? ’ ’

    A shadow crossed the Spaniard’s face.

   “ That, senor, I can scarce tell you—at least, so that you would.under-
stand. ’ ’ He raised one hand to his cheek and touched the tattooed mark.
“ Eet was this," he said. “ I am accursed, senor.”

   “ What do you mean by that? ” demanded Keeth, in surprise.

   “ Wait, senor. I cannot talk yet. Your name? ”

    “ Ronald Keeth, at your service.”

    “ Americanc ? ”

   Yes. From New York. Civil engineer, representing the Peruvian
Nitrate Company.”

   “Thank you; I shall always remember you, Senor Keeth.”

   “ Well, well,” returned Keeth, “don’t think your rescue entirely due to
me. Here are my companions—Mr. Ford Kinsale, of Callao, and Robert
Fitch, trader,” and he waved his hand toward Ford and Fitch.

    “ Senors, your servant,” said the Spaniard, inclining his head to all. “ I
am Jose Rodriguez, a name not unknown in the coast towns, when my father
was alive ; but I am the last of my family. ’ ’

   “And your family come mighty near bein’ snuffed hout,” said Fitch.
“ What was the row between you an’ them Hinjuns, if Hi might be so bold
as to hask, sir ? ”

   ‘ ‘ There was nothing between me and them, senor,” replied Rodriguez
slowly.

    “ Come, come ! they weren’t trying to kill you just for fun? ” cried the
trader. “ Wot do you tyke us for ? We’re no hinfants. ”

   The Spaniard again touched the mark on his cheek.

    ‘ ‘ See you this, senor ? ” he asked.

    “ What of it ? ” replied Fitch curiously.

   “Those who tattooed it there did so for a sign, that wherever I went
among these mountains it should be known that I had escaped from their
hands. It is a sign—aye, perhaps a command, quien sabe f—for all Indians
to kill me.”

    His three listeners looked at one another curiously.

   “ Explain yourself, Senor Rodriguez,” said Keeth. “ What you say is a
riddle to us. ’ ’

    The Spaniard took another sip of the strong liquor and a little color came
into his cheeks.

    “ If you insist, senor,” he said gravely, “ I will tell you. You haf safed
my life. Eet is only right that you should know my story.”

    “ Go ahead,” said the trader, beginning to fill his pipe. “ This ’ere’s th’
bloomiuest start ever Hi see. ’ ’

   “ Know you then,” began the Spaniard, “ that for three years I haf been
a prisoner among a tribe of Indians many leagues to the nort’ of here—Indi-
ans as different from the miserable creatures of the coast as dark is from
light.”
8

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

   “ What do you think of that, Fitch ? ” interrupted Ford Kinsale.

   “ Dry up, Ford,” commanded Keeth. “ Let Senor Rodriguez tell his
story.”

   “I haf always been of an adventurous nature, senors,” continued the
Spaniard. “I was hunting with a single guide among the upper Andes.
We were set upon by a party of these savages, my guide killed, and I taken
prisoner. For three years I haf lived among them, I say.

   “Senors, they are as untamed, as warlike, as mooch heathen—Dios help
them !—as were their ancestors when the gr-reat Pizarro led his conquesta-
dors to old Cuzco. And wTith them, senors—with them, I say—I spent t’ree
long years. Ah ! they w'ere terrible years. But I am repaid—ah, yes,
senors ! ” He looked from one to the other of his listeners. “Senors,” he
whispered, “ I haf knowledge of the lost treasures of the Incas ! ”

   The faces of Keeth and Ford Kinsale displayed their interest; but the
trader’s ruddy countenance was white, and he stared at the speaker with wide
open eyes and mouth.

   “I, Jose Rodriguez, learned that which the Indians themselfs knew
not,” pursued the Spaniard. “ I learned the secret which their old men had
forgotten. Aye, I was their captive, but I had eyes. Si, senor, I haf seen
the Incas’ cave.”

    ‘ ‘ The Incas’ cave ? ’ ’ repeated Keeth.

   “ Si, senor. The cave of wealth ; the tr-reasure house of the great
Incas who ruled this land when my countrymen conquered it. My eyes
haf been blinded by the glare of gold—dazzled by the flash of such gems
as would fitly adorn a monarch’s crown. I, Jose Rodriguez, haf seen
all dis ! ”

   He uttered these words excitedly, and looked from Keeth to his friends
with keenest scrutiny.

   “ You doubt me, senors ! ” he cried. “ L,ook ! behold ! ”

   With trembling fingers he tore open his coat and thrust one hand into a
slit in its lining. In an instant he drew forth a thin bar of metal half a foot
in length and three or four inches wide. It was dead yellow in hue.

   He threw it down at their feet and brought out three others from the
same hiding place. Fitch pounced upon them like a hawk. He touched
his tongue to a bar, bit it, and turned to his companions with a face as white
as chalk.

   “ Gold—virgin gold, as Hi’m a livin’ man ! ” he gasped.

   “Where those came from, senors,” went on Rodriguez, becoming calmer
as his listeners’ excitement increased, “ were great heaps of such bars—
wealth, senors ! Reeches beyond belief ! ”

   ‘ ‘ And those are all you brought away ? ’ ’ demanded Keeth.

   “ Si, senor—all. I was alone ; I beliefed I w'as pursued, though now I
t’ink I was not. Ket was t’rough the old treasure cavern I make my escape,
an’ its entrance has been lost to the Indians themselves for generations. I
found it quite by accident. They perhaps t’ink me drown’; but, by the
blessing of Sancta Maria, I was safe. I travel many days t’rough these
mountains.
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

9

   “Then I fall in with the Indians from whom you rescued me. They
were kind to me at first ; but when they see this”—he pointed to the tattoo
mark again—“ Carramba ! they all like fiends. The mark was placed there
soon after I was captured. Eet is a sign known to all the Indes of the
Andes. Only for eet I would-’ ’

    He stopped and looked searchingly into their faces.

   “ You would what? ” demanded Ford.

    “ I would go back an’ secure some of the lost wealth of the Incas !”

    Fitch pressed forward.

   “See ’ere,” he said eagerly. “If a man could fix it so nobody would
see that mark, would you risk it?”

    “ Can you do that, senor?” demanded the Spaniard, his eyes flashing.

   “Hi believe so,” returned the trader. “ Hi’ve got some grease paint
in one of my packs—such as hactors use. I carry a little of everything.
Hi believe Hi could make you hup so that your mother wouldn’t know you. ’'

    ‘ ‘ If you can do this, senor-’ ’

   Rodriguez looked about at the two younger men, studying their eager
faces carefully.

   “ Will you all t’ree go?” he said. “ There is enough and to spare for
all. Eet is dangerous. Death lurks not alone in savage foes, but in the
trails, the torrents to be crossed, the precipices to be scaled. But the prize—
t’ink of the prize ! Wealth beyond your dreams, senors ! Will you go?”

Chapter III.—A Frightful Catastrophe.

   Keeth and Ford looked at each other questioningly. To the latter the
venture suggested by the Spaniard appeared very alluring for its own sake ; to
Keeth, the struggling young civil engineer, the possibility of finding wealth
such as Rodriguez declared he had seen was indeed tempting.

   It was true that the story the Spaniard told sounded visionary—in fact,
seemed impossible in the year of grace, eighteen ninety odd. But Rodriguez
appeared honest ; his words rang true ; and, stronger evidence than all, there
were the bars of yellow gold before them. There was no discounting them.

   Keeth reached out and grasped Jose Rodriguez’ hand.

   “ I’ll go with you,” he said. “ There’s my hand on it.”

   “ And you* senors? ” inquired the Spaniard, turning to Kinsale and the
excited trader.

    “ If Keeth is willing to risk it, / am,” declared Ford.

   “An’ as for me,” said the Cockney, wiping his forehead furiously with
the bandanna, “ you couldn’t keep me hout of it. Bob Fitch ’11 never refuse
a chance to make ’is fortune, Hi ’ope.”

    “ But I thought you didn’t believe in any of these yarns about the Incas,
and all that sort of thing,” suggested Ford slyly.

    “That’s hall right, young man, that’s hall right,” responded the trader,
with some asperity. “ Mabbe Hi don’t believe in every cock an’ bull story
Hi ’ear; but Hi believe in solid gold bars like them," and he handled the
yellow metal caressingly.
IO

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

   “ Senors,” said Rodriguez, “ I feel better. Give me of food, for I haf eat
not’ing for two days.”

   “ Give ’im a bit of that lassajo to chew,” commanded the trader. “It
won’t do to feed ’im too ’igh at first. ’Ow long ’ave you been traveling in
these ’ere bloomin’ mountains?”

   “ Quite two weeks, senor. But only till two days ago did I quite lose my
way.”

   “ Well, you’re ’alf a day’s journey to ’Ualpa now,” said Fitch.

   “Ah, I haf come a long way—a long way,” muttered the Spaniard,
shaking his head slowly.

   “ And you are sure you can find your way back ? ” inquired Ford anx-
iously.

   “After reaching a certain place in the mountains—eet must be t’irty
mile to the nort’ of here—I shall know the way back to de Incas’ cave ver’
well.”

   “ But how will we find this place ? ”

   “ We must haf a guide to that spot, senors. Eet is a place known to
many of the mountain people—eet must be known to them. Eet is a spot
where three great pines overhang a chasm. There ees a bridge across the
river—a bridge which you, Senor Ingenicro, will wonder at,” and he bowed
to Keeth.

   “ I don’t like that,” interrupted Fitch. “ We’ll ’ave to tyke one o’ these
bloody savages into hour confidence.”

   “ Oh, these Indians are perfectly civilized,” interjected Ford, with a
grimace.

   “ Shut up, Ford,” commanded Keeth. “ I agree with Fitch. It will be
dangerous to allow an Indian of any tribe to accompany us. If the}' are all

banded together as they appear to be-”

   “ I t’ink, senor, that we can get a guide wit’out arousing suspicions as to
our intentions. Eet us once get to the three pines and I will get rid of the
guide on some pretense—send him back for food, or ammunition, or somet’ing.
Surely, somet’ing will turn up—quien sabe f ”

   “ That’s hall right,” growled Fitch ; “ but Hi don’t like goin’ hit so
blind.”

   “Don’t be a wet blanket,” interposed Ford. “Come, let’s have some
lunch ourselves. We ought to be on our way to Hualpa.”

    “ Before we start it would be better for Senor Feetch to try to cover this,”
and Jose touched the tattoo mark upon- his cheek. ‘ ‘ I wish to enter Hualpa
wit’out that so plainly showing.”

   “ Good hidea,” returned the trader, and he got out his paint at once.
Keeth had bound up the cut in Jose’s forehead and removed all traces of
blood and dust from his face. Fitch set to work, and with more art than his
American friends would have given him credit for, changed the Spaniard’s
appearance completely. The mark was entirely hidden, although the paint
had to be laid on rather heavily for the purpose ; but when the job was done
it would stand pretty close scrutiny.

   “ Hi’11 guarantee none o’ them Hinjuns will know7 you now, sir,” said
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

ii

Fitch, with satisfaction. “The only thing is, you must be careful about
getting water on your face ; that ’11 have to be renewed every day or two.”
“Well, let’s move on,” proposed Keeth. “How do you feel, Senor
Rodriguez ? Think you can get along by leaning on my arm ? ’ ’

   “ I belief so,” replied the Spaniard. “ Det me try.”

   He got upon his feet and, although a bit unsteady at first, managed to
walk quite well with Keeth’s aid.

   “ Start up the leader, Mr: Kinsale,” said Fitch. “ Blow th’ hugly beast !
Hi ’ope this ’11 be the last tradin’ trip Bob Fitch ever ’as to make.”

   “ Don’t conjure up too rosy a prospect,” rejoined Ford, laughing. “ The
disappointment, if we shouldn’t bring back the treasure, will be all the
greater if you do. ’ ’

   “Don’t you worry, sir,” said the trader, with emphasis. “ If there’s
gold in them ’ills 3?onder like that Senor Rodriguez showed us, Hi’m goin’
to ’ave my share, an’ don’t you forget it!”

   In a short time they got the llamas started up the trail, and with Fitch in
the lead and the Spaniard, leaning on Keeth’s arm, hobbling along in the
rear, moved on Hualpa. The little mountain settlement was reached just at
dusk. Their entrance was scarcely noticed, and they smuggled Rodriguez
into a back room of the hotel without attracting the least attention. They
were anxious that their wounded acquaintance should not be recognized by
any of the party of Indians who had attacked him, if they were lurking about
the town.

   Fitch made a bargain with a returning trader, who happened to be at the
posada, to take his whole stock, and got rid of his llamas as well. Through
the same agent, Jose Rodriguez sold one of his bars of gold, with the pro-
ceeds of which he purchased an outfit for the proposed journey into the
interior of the Sierras. The other bars he deposited with a fellow country-
man living at Hualpa.

   Rodriguez’ wound having nearly healed at the end of a week, and he
having recovered from the fatigues of his experience in the mountains,
preparations were made for an immediate start upon what they were careful
to make public was a search for nitrate beds. Keeth, whose firm was well
known in the town, took command and his presence gave color to the avowed
intentions of the party. But it was left to Fitch to engage a guide, for he
had had the longer experience in dealing with the Indians.

   And he found a man who more than satisfied Keeth and Ford Kinsale.
Neither of them had ever seen such a big man among the Indians of the
coast. Fitch declared him to be a member of an interior tribe—one which he
had occasionally traded with—far superior in point of intelligence, as well as
in form and feature, to the natives who made up the bulk of Hualpa’s popu-
lation. Rodriguez expressed no opinion of the guide at all. In fact, he did
not see him until the party were ready to leave the posada on the morning of
departure.

   The Indian was known by the name of Manuel, he having probably been
baptized into the Catholic church, by some wandering priest, w'hen a child.
Nominally all the native Peruvians are under priestly control, although their
12

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

ignorance of religious, as well as other matters, is appalling. He was a man
fully six feet in height—as tall as Ronald Keeth himself—with a mighty
chest and arms like a gladiator. He wore a loose tunic of cured skin, sandals,
and very little else. His right shoulder was untrammeled by even the sack-
like tunic, but the garment was belted in at the waist and fell nearly to his
knees. He carried a long knife in his belt, and a spear for a staff. His long
black hair made other covering for his head unnecessary, and the thongs of
his sandals, wound round and round his ankles, protected those parts from
the rocks.

   He professed himself entirely familiar with the Sierras for a hundred
leagues to the north of Hualpa, and agreed to guide the party directly to the
spot where the three pines overhung the gorge. For a small sum in addition
he offered to carry one of them the entire distance in a chair, or cradle, such
as these mountaineers often bear upon their shoulders. But none of the four
cared to travel in that precarious way.

   “ Hi’ve rid on one of these fellow’s’ backs,” said Fitch ; :< but one trip
was enough. Hi was sicker than w’en I come acrost from Eunnon ten year
ago. A man don’t feel safe swingin’ over precipices a thousand feet deep,
with nothin’ but a strap around a Hinjun’s ’ead a-lioldin’ of ’itn on.”

   They left Hualpa early one morning and set out over a trail to the north,
a path which showed for the first few miles that it was much traveled. Each
one in the party carried a pack strapped to his shoulders, and Keeth bore a
coil of small, though very stout, hemp rope. The four Europeans were heav-
ily armed, and Ford, because of his inexperience, and Fitch, because of his’
blind contempt for the inhabitants of the mountains, felt confident that they
would be more than a match for any party of wild Indians which might
attack them. Jose Rodriguez assured them that the tribe who had held him
captive so long knew nothing about the use of firearms, fighting entirely with
bows and arrows, spears, and great war clubs.

   “ W’y,” cried Fitch, in talking it over, “ we can go right in, harmed as
we are, hand drive the ’ole crowd hout of the mountains.”

   But the Spaniard shook his head. There were places in the mountains, he
knew, where a man with merely a bow and arrows could hold a whole army at
bay.

   Before they stopped for their noon meal the guide led them off the main
trail into a side path which was much more arduous to follow. It wound up
and up among the rocks, occasionally crossing an almost level plateau, then
winding about the base of a peak which, snow covered to the summit, towTered
far above them among the clouds. The atmosphere among these peaks was
chill, and at night they were glad to descend beyond the ridge into a clump
of hardy trees and build a huge campfire before which to stretch themselves
for rest.

   It had been the hardest day’s march Ford had ever experienced ; but it
told the most upon the trader, whose figure was too corpulent to make walk-
ing a pleasure. Poor Fitch fell asleep immediately after supper and slept
right on until nearly morning, when, in common with the others, he was
awakened by an entirely unlooked for incident.
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

13

     When the party had sought their blankets (the guide assured them there
  was no necessitj' of standing watch), the stars were shining brightly in an
  unflecked sky ; but they awoke just before sunrise in the midst of a mountain
  tempest. The thunder was roaring overhead and the lightning crackling
  from peak to peak, illuminating the gorge in which they were encamped with
  an unearthly, flickering light.

     Then came the rain—not in drops, or in sheets, but simply pouring out
  of the heart of a cloud which had torn its way across the face of a neighbor-
  ing peak. It was a cloudburst in earnest, and in an instant they were all
  wet to the skin. There was no shelter at hand from the furious downfall,
  and all they could do was to imitate Manuel. He squatted upon his haunches
  on the shelving side of the gorge and made a tent of his blanket, covering
  himself completely.

     In a little while the tiny stream at the bottom of the gorge had become a
  rushing, roaring torrent, sweeping boulders, fallen timber, and all sorts of
  debris down its course. But the stream subsided as fast as it had gathered
  strength when the storm ceased.

     The rising sun found them in a drearily saturated state. There was no
  dry wood and every vestige of their fire had been swept away.

     “ Tassajo and left over cakes don’t make a very appetizing breakfast,
  do they ? ’ ’ said Ford ruefully. ‘ ‘ But this must be part of the- ‘ roughing it ’ I
  wanted, I suppose. ’ ’ Then he looked at Rodriguez and suddenly burst out
  laughing.

     “ What do you find to laugh at? ” demanded Keeth, who had been rum-
  maging over his pack to see that all was right.

     But Ford brought himself up suddenly in the middle of his laugh and
  glanced around at Manuel, the guide. He stood a little way off with his eyes
  fixed intently upon Jose’s unconscious face. The sudden rainfall had played
  sad havoc with the Spaniard’s “make-up.” The grease paint was washed
  completely off in streaks, and the cabalistic mark upon his cheek was plainly
  visible.

     The instant the Indian saw Ford’s eyes turned upon his he withdrew his
  own gaze from the Spaniard’s face and went about some unimportant task as
  coolly as though he had seen nothing. But young Kinsale was confident
  that he had noted the tattoo mark.

     His thoughtless laughter had called Keeth’s attention to the havoc made
  by the storm, and he pointed it out to the trader.

     “ Confound hit ! I ’ope that bloomin’ Hinjun didn’t notice it,” mut-
  tered the Englishman, snatching up his paints and beckoning Jose to go
  with him.

     “ But he did," Ford declared to his friend. “ If there’s any truth in the

•	yarn that all these Indians understand the meaning of that mark, we’d better
  keep a mighty sharp watch on Manuel yonder.”

     But the guide seemed entirely oblivious of the accident. When Jose
  and Fitch returned, the former with the damage repaired, the Indian did
  not vouchsafe him a glance. But Keeth took pains to place Rodriguez 011
  his guard.
14

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

   “Eet ees a misfortune, but what can one do now—eh, wha-at?” he
asked, with a shrug of his shoulders.

   After their frugal meal they set off on the blind trail which Manuel
seemed to follow more by instinct than by sight. If the iirst day’s jaunt
had been arduous this was doubly so. They made scarcely ten miles from
sunrise to sunset. The grandeur of the scenery in these Peruvian Andes
cannot be surpassed even in the Himalayas; but grand scenery could not
make poor Fitch forget the toils of the journey.

   Since the occurrence of the early morning the white men watched their
guide very closely. They feared he would play them some trick, and to be
left alone in this wild region, with but a fleeting remembrance of the path
over which they had come, was not a pleasant possibility.

   “ But how the dickens will we find our way back, any way? ” demanded
Ford, as they talked the matter over.

   “That is a risk we must run if we would find the Incas’cave, I take it,”
replied Keeth. “But what do you think, Senor Rodriguez? Shouldn’t
we have reached the three pines you spoke of before this ? ’ ’

   “ We cannot be a great way from them now, if the man is not playing
us false,” replied the Spaniard. “ But I haf yet to see the first familiar
landmark. ’ ’

   The pines were not sighted that day ; but upon being questioned Manuel
declared that he would get them to the place by the middle of the next fore-
noon. For fear that he contemplated treason, it was agreed that one of the
white men should remain awake all night, and this watch was faithfully
kept.

   Soon after leaving their second night’s camping place they began to
descend into a deep valley. The sides of the mountain were heavily timbered,
and Manuel led them through the pathless forest as unerringly as the crow
flies. Just before noon they came out upon a high bluff overlooking a swiftly
flowing river, several rods across. As soon as they came out of the timber,
Jose Rodriguez uttered an exclamation of satisfaction.

   “ Eet is the same,” he muttered. “ I could not be mistak’.”

   “Recognize the place, do you ? ” demanded Keeth, who walked beside
him.

   “ Si, senor. We be not far from the pines, and the wonderful bridge of
which I tol’ you.”

   Manuel set off up the stream, which flowed three or four hundred feet
below them. It rapidly narrowed until, just after passing a sharp bend,
they reached a spot where it was scarcely a dozen yards across. A few rods
before them the three huge pine trees leaned over the gulf from the opposite
bank. Near the trees a great log, surely three feet thick at the butt,
spanned the abyss.

   “For heaven’s sake,” cried Keeth, “what manner of men must have
been the people who placed that timber in position ? ”

   “ Ah, I knew the senor would be surprised,” said Rodriguez, showing
his teeth in a smile. “Ees eet not wonderful—eh, wh-at ? That, Senor
Feetch,” he added, turning to the trader, “ was done by these same savages
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

15

whom you profess to think so poorly of.” Then in a low voice, that the
guide might not hear, and with a wave of his hand toward the opposite
mountain slope : “ Beyond that stream lies the country of the tribe with
whom I lived so long. We must not let this man go farther wit’ us.”

   “ But what shall we do ? ” demanded Keeth. “ How will we get rid of
him?”

    “ Let us cross and camp for our noon meat. I will find some way to rid
us of his presence. ’ ’

    “ But can we find our way back without him ? ” asked Ford.

    “ That we must reesk.”

    “Go ahead,” said Fitch recklessly. “ Hi’m goin’ to see this ’ere thing
through, wotever comes.”

   But when they reached the bridge even Ronald Keeth shrank from
crossing it.

   “Ah, senors, eet ees simple,” exclaimed Rodriguez, noting their
hesitancy.

   He motioned Manuel to lead the way and leaped upon the end of the
timber himself. The guide started across the gulf as nonchalantly as though
he were crossing a perfectly secure bridge with a hand rail on either side
instead of a tree trunk which quivered and shook with every step. The
Spaniard followed close on his heels.

    “Hold on, let’s see how they get across,” said Keeth, and he and his
two friends watched Jose and the guide with intense interest.

    But they crossed without mishap, and immediately upon feeling the solid
rock beneath his feet Jose turned and swung his hat encouragingly. For
an instant his back was turned to the guide. That instant was evidently the
opportunity for which Manuel had been waiting.

    Before Keeth or his comrades could utter the warning shout which rose
to their lips the huge Indian had seized the slight form of the Spaniard about
the waist. He pinioned one arm, but Jose must have possessed muscles of
steel. He twisted about in the giant’s grasp and seized him in turn by the
throat. Neither could draw his knife, and for a moment they swayed and
struggled 011 the verge of the precipice.

    Uttering a loud shout Keeth, forgetting the swraying bridge, sprang upon
the log and ran toward the scene of the battle. He drew his pistol from
its sheath as he went, but he dared not fire, the men were so closely inter-
locked. The timber swayed frightfully beneath his feet, but he scarcely
noticed the vibration. His eyes were on that struggling pair. He sawr nothing
else.

    Suddenly Jose tore his other arm lose. Instantly his freed fingers sought
his belt, he drew the knife, and like a flash struck it into the guide’s breast !
The Indian staggered back, but not for an instant did his grip about his
antagonist’s body relax. Gathering his waning powers for one desperate
effort, he sprang forward to the edge of the cliff and pitched headfirst into
the gulf, carrying the Spaniard with him !

    They whirled over and over in the air as they descended, striking the
water with a mighty splash at last, and disappeared beneath the surface.
i6

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

Keeth fell face downward upon the timber, and clung there with both arms
outstretched, striviug to pierce the swiftly flowing water with tear blinded
eyes. But neither the Indian nor his victim came to the surface again.

Chapter IV.—Trapped.

   With limbs which almost refused to bear him up Keeth finally crept
to the end of the log and stood upon the solid rock. Ford and the
trader were but a moment behind him. In their excitement they crossed
the yawning gulf with scarcely a tremor ; but the engineer was so dizzy and
ill he could scarcely stand.

    “ Poor Jose ! ” exclaimed Ford Kinsale. “ We should have kept a closer
watch on that fiendish savage. ’ ’

    “ What an awful death ! ” murmured Keeth, still unable to look over the
cliff’s edge without shuddering.

    “ But wot are we goin’ to do now? ” demanded Fitch.

   “ Come,” said the engineer, shaking himself together. “ We must find
some way to descend this bluff. We must find Jose’s body and give it decent
burial, at least. The river is full of eddies and snags. It may be along
shore there.”

    “ We’ve got hourselves to think of first,” objected Fitch.

   “Oh, come along; let’s be unselfish,” said Ford. “The poor chap is
dead, of course ; but, as Keeth says, we may recover the body. I believe
he’d done as much for one of us. I must say he was the only Spaniard I
ever cottoned to. ’ ’

   Keeth was already examining the rugged face of the bluff. It was not
all rock ; there were some treacherous looking gravel slopes. In a few
moments he began to descend, and his comrades, trusting themselves to his
leadership, followed. He had found the only place in the bluff, as far as
they could see, where descent was possible ; but when they got within thirty
feet or so of the foot, they were forced to halt. From that point the place
was a sheer precipice, so smooth that a mountain goat could not have found
a foothold.

    “ Got us hin a box, Mr. Keeth, you ’ave,” declared Fitch.

   “ Oh, dry up,” said Ford. “ We can go back and try again.”

   "Hi don’t try no more,” declared the trader, with emphasis. “Hi’ve
got enough. It looks mighty like we wouldn’t be able to crawl back hup
there, any’ow.”

   “We won’t talk about getting up till we’ve got down,” said Keeth
quietly, and he began to uncoil the rope he carried.

   “There you have it!” exclaimed Ford. “I’d forgotten the rope.
Here’s just the place to fasten it.”

    A huge boulder, sunk deep in the bluff, hung over the narrow beach be-
low. Keeth quickly knotted one end of the cable over this projecting rock
and then swung down the remaining distance to the verge of the river. Ford
and the trader quickly followed him.

The shore was not a dozen feet broad at any point within their view, and
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

17

the river raced along with a sullen murmur. The water was low now. In
time of freshet the river doubtless filled its bed from bluff to bluff, entirely
covering the narrow strip of shingle. They had made the descent of
the bank some distance below the bridge. There were plenty of little eddies
near the shore, and great black snags reached their ugly limbs far out into
the river; but the thing which they hoped to find caught among these ob-
structions did not appear. The treacherous guide and his victim, locked in
that awful embrace, seemed to have sunk to the bottom of the stream and
remained there.

   They searched the margin of the river as far down as they could go. At
the sharp bend half a mile or so below the bridge the shore ceased. They
could go no farther. The bluff above them looked forbidding and unscal-
able. The only path by which they might return to the summit was the
one down which they had scrambled.

   “ Come, we may as well go back,” said Keeth, in despair. “ Poor Jose
is beyond our reach. ’ ’

    “You fellows will ’ave to ’elp me hup that rope,” declared Fitch gloomily.
“This cliff climbing hain’t wot Hi’111 built for.”

   “ Oh, we’ll get you up all right,” said Ford. “ What we’ll do when we
are up again is what’s bothering me.”

   “ Hit looks to me as though we was in a box—that’s wot it looks like.”
“Don’t you believe we can find our way back to Hualpa?” inquired
Keeth.

   “ Mabbe, ” replied Fitch. “But Hi know bloomin’ well we can’t find
the treasure cave, now the Dago’s gone.”

    “ All you think of is the treasure,” said Ford, in disgust.

   “ That’s wot we started hout for,” returned the trader stoutly. “ Hit’s
blessed awkward that Jose was killed, if ’ee ’ad to be killed, before ’ee told
us ’ow to get to the cave.”

    “ You’re a cold blooded chap, Fitch.”

   But Keeth made no comment. They reached the point where the rope
had been left dangling from the protruding boulder, and Keeth prepared to
mount.

   “I’ll go up first and give you a lift, Ford. Together we can pull Mr.
Fitch up, I guess.”

   He laid hold of the hemp and began to ascend hand over hand, bracing
his feet against the rock as he went. He had not gone up a dozen feet,
however, when something gave way above. He dropped several feet and the
gravel and broken rock fell about him in a shower.

   ‘ ‘ Great heavens, Keeth ! ’ ’ shouted Ford. ‘ ‘ Come back ! The whole
cliff is falling ! ”

   The trader caught him by the legs and pulled him down. Through the
falling debris they could see the huge boulder, around which the rope had
been fastened, toppling slowly outward. Ford and Fitch seized Keeth’s hands
and ran with him along the beach. An instant later the mass of rock had fallen
directly upon the spot on which they had stood ! Tons upon tons of earth and
gravel followed the rock and a huge fissure was made in the bluff side.

      (b)
i8

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

   When the noise ceased and the debris stopped falling, the three advent- '
urers gazed at one another with pallid faces. Not only had they narrowly
escaped an awful death, but they were now' stranded upon the margin of the
river. The path to the summit of the bluff was obliterated !

   “ Trapped, by Jove ! ” exclaimed Ford.

   But Keeth ran back to the heap of earth and rock and rescued the rope
which had already been of such service to them.

   “We won’t say that till we try up stream,” he said, returning to his
comrades. “ Come along. ”

   “ What do you think, Fitch? ” demanded Ford.

   Fitch may have been pessimistic as regarded small things ; but now that
a real catastrophe faced them, he developed a genuine English bulldog grit.

   “ We hain’t dead yet,” he declared, shaking his head. “ Hi'm not goin’
to spend the rest of my days down ’ere—not if Hi know myself ! ”

   But after tramping by the margin of the stream for several miles, and com-
ing to no point where the bluff was scalable, even he began to lose hope.

   “We’re getting deeper and deeper into the country of those Indians
of whom Jose told us,” said Keeth. “If we should fall in with them
it might go harder with us than it did with him. I don’t fancy remain-
ing three years a captive, as he did.”

   “ What will you do? ” cried Ford, who was quite disheartened. “ Stand
here and wait for the first freshet to drown you? I’m going ahead if I walk
a hundred miles along this confounded shore. There must be some way to
get to the summit of the bank. ’ ’

   But the way did not appear, and just before daylight faded from the sky
and the night shadows settled upon the surface of the waters, their further
progress was barred by a wide break in the shore. The river lapped the
rocky wall; there was not even a narrow shelf to offer a foothold. So they
made themselves as comfortable as circumstances allowed and prepared to
spend the night.

  Chapter V.—A Rescue and a Menace.

   Ford and the trader slept like logs after the fatigues of the day ; but
Ronald Keeth was awake long before the first finger of light traced the out-
line of the distant mountain peaks. Their situation, shut into the gorge as
they appeared to be, disturbed him. To be lost in this barren wilderness was
bad enough ; but to be inclosed upon a narrow strip of land, scarcely ten
yards wide at its broadest point, and in places so narrow that only a footpath
separated the insurmountable cliff from the black river, was infinitely worse.

   He arose from his uncomfortable couch as soon as it was light enough in
the gorge to see and examined the strip of water which had halted them the
night before. The bluff was a sheer precipice here, with not the faintest
sign of a path. But his anxious eye caught sight of a weather beaten stub
protruding from the gravelly shore beyond this belt of water. Once a tree
had stood there ; but some furious freshet had broken it off three or four feet
from the ground.
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

19

   The river was deep and ran like a millrace between the spot on which he
stood and this old stump. No man could breast the fierce current, supposing
even that it was not too deep to be waded. But Keeth was an ingenious
fellow, and had experienced life in some of the wilder portions of the States
before coming to Peru. He had accompanied a United States exploring ex-
pedition through Arizona and New Mexico before his twenty first birthday,
and had learned in those cattle raising countries something of the value of a
thirty foot rope. The instant he saw the stump he saw as well a way out
of the present difficulty.

   He caught up the coil of hemp, made a running noose, and planted
his feet firmly 011 the edge of the water, preparatory to making a cast.

    “ If the rope’s long enough to reach, and that old stub holds, we’re all
right,” he thought, as he swung the coils about his head.

    It was a long cast, and the loop did not fall over the stub at the first or
second trial ; but Keeth was delighted to see it drop just where he wanted
it to the next time. However, when he had drawn it taut, he found it so
short that he could not fasten it at the side of the inlet, and he had to shout
for his companions to help him. Ford and the Englishman came running
with their rifles in their hands, fully believing that he had been attacked by
Indians ; but they forgave him for disturbing their morning nap when they
discovered what he had done.

    “ Hit’s a great ’ead you ’ave, Mr. Keeth,” declared Fitch. “ Hi’d never
thought of it.”

   “ But will the stump hold?” asked Ford Kinsale.

   “ We’ll all get hold of the line and try it,” replied Keeth. “We know
the rope is all right. If it holds, I’ll cross over and help you fellows
across. ’ ’

   The stub proved to be firmly set in the ground, and without waiting for
breakfast Keeth removed his clothing and prepared to make the passage of
the river. He wrapped his garments in his blanket, swathed his gunlock
in oily rags, and slinging both bundle and weapon over his shoulder, plunged
into the water. Ford hung to the end of the rope and steadied him, and
although Keeth’s feet were almost immediately swept from beneath him, he
managed to reach the opposite shore without serious difficulty. He hurried
into his damp clothing and helped Fitch across, and then flung the rope back
to Ford and, with the trader’s assistance, drew his friend, and the provisions,
over the flood.

   “Well, I pray heaven we won’t have to cross another such place,”
Kinsale panted, as they drew him to land. “I’m not half as anxious to see
the Incas’ cave as I was when poor Jose was telling us about it.”

   “I thought you were looking for lots of excitement this vacation,” said
Keeth slily.

   “Oh, we’re having too much fun,” declared Ford ruefully. “ I didn’t
know what I was talking about. If ever I get back to Callao I shan’t ask
for another vacation for ten years. ’ ’

    They marched along the shingle for some miles further, fortunately finding
it good traveling all the way ; but it was nearly noon before they reached what
20

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

seemed a promising path to the top of the cliffs. The foot of this trail was
extremely rugged, but it looked better above, and with Keeth in the lead
they started up. Before they had climbed fifty feet the path became quite
easy to follow. In fact, it showed the baud of man in its construction.

   It was a gradual incline, extending along the face of the bluff, becoming
wider and wider as they mounted upward. There were marks of great
chisels where slabs of the soft rock had been split off, and while still a hun-
dred feet or more from the summit, the adventurers reached a place where
the ancient constructors of the road had used the waste material to build a
substantial wall, four feet or more in height, along the outer edge. Here
the way was broad enough for four men to walk abreast. The mortar which
held the stone in place was still as hard as adamant. The rocks themselves,
in fact, instead of the mortar, had crumbled with age.

   “ What do you think of such engineering as this ? ” demanded Ford.

   “It is wonderful!” declared Keeth. “ This must have been built three
hundred years ago—possibly at a still more ancient date—yet the best work
of civilized peoples today cannot surpass it. What giants those old Incas
must have been, for they had few tools to aid them. This was all done by
sheer bodily strength. They had 110 hoisting apparatus.”.

   “ Hand do you mean to say them Hinjuns did this ? ” cried Fitch.

   “They certainly did,” replied the engineer. “Probably the road was
built about the time that Pizarro conquered the country.”

   Fitch shook his head over it.

   “They must ’ave been a deal different from the niggers Hi’ve been used
to,” he said.

   They were still more astonished when they had gone some rods further.
On rounding a corner in the precipitous wall they found that the ancient
workmen had tunneled a spur of rock to reach the summit of the cliff. The
tunnel was a dozen yards in length and opened out upon the plateau on top
of the bluff. And right before the mouth of the tunnel were the ruins of
several stone houses, built against the side of the mountain.

   “ An ancient town—almost like the cliff dwellings I’ve seen in Colorado.”
declared Keeth. “ Jose told us nothing about this. I wonder how far we are
from the town of the Indians among whom he was a captive ? I only
hope-”

   He broke off with a startled exclamation. On the verge of the cliff, a
few rods from the old tunnel, was the figure of a woman. She stood in a
listening attitude, but with her face turned away from the white men.
Evidently she had heard their voices, but had not discovered from which
direction there were approaching.

   She was an Indian girl—almost a child in appearance—as lithe and grace-
ful as a deer. Her skin was of a brilliant bronze hue, and a great mass of
coal black hair hung to her waist ; her head was guiltless of other covering.
She was dressed in a tunic-like garment which fell below her knees and was
open at the throat, displaying the full roundness of her bosom. A broad
sash of strange texture and brilliant hue held the garment together at her
waist. Her feet were shod with sandals, over her shoulder was slung by a
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

21

thong a quiver of arrows, and she held a short bow in her hand. In Keeth’s
startled vision she seemed a Diana in bronze.

   He was speechless with amazement ; but Ford and the trader, noticing
the abrupt termination of their comrade’s sentence, glanced up also. A sharp
exclamation from the Englishman made the girl turn. She saw them, and
wonder filled her face. Her great eyes, black as night, gazed deep into
Keeth’s own. Even in that brief instant he felt the magic of her glance.

   But she remained motionless only a moment. Like a flash she fitted an
arrow to her bow and a wild, bird-like call burst from her lips. The arrow
was trained full at Keeth’s breast and her brown fingers trembled on the
string. He dared not move as she began to step lightly backward, her eyes
still fixed upon him.

   Suddenly Ford uttered a shout of warning. The girl, evidently forget-
ting the proximity of the cliff’s brink, made a misstep. In a breath she
had plunged backward into the abyss ! The arrow flew high in the air and
a piercing cry reached the ears of her horrified audience as she disappeared.

    “ My God ! ” cried Ford ; “ she’s gone ! ”

    “ She’ll be dashed to bits on them rocks below ! ” said Fitch, his usually
ruddy face perfectly colorless.

   But Keeth ran forward to the brink of the precipice. He expected to see
the poor creature’s mangled body bounding from rock to rock to the foot of
the cliff. Instead of the horrible picture which his imagination had conjured,
he beheld her lying in the fan shaped top of a stunted tree which grew out of a
fissure in the cliff just below him. Her bow had fallen from her hand and
she lay, seemingly stunned, upon this insecure resting place.

   “Quick! knot that rope around me, under the arms,” he commanded.

“ She may slip at any moment. Hang on the rope with all your might and
don’t let it chafe against the edge of the rock.”

   He divested himself of his coat and ammunition belt as he spoke, and in
a moment was lowered over the brink. His feet scarcely gained a foothold
on the rock, but Ford and the Englishman eased him steadily down. Occa-
sionally a bit of rock gave way beneath his weight and went crashing into the
gorge, and his hands were torn and bleeding before he reached the tree. The
girl had not fallen more than twenty feet ; but the shock had evidently de-
prived her of consciousness. She lay amid the broken branches with her
eyes closed and head hanging limply over the abyss.

   Resting one foot upon a protuberance on the face of the rock and the
other on the limb of a tree, Keeth was able to raise her in his arms. She
did not stir, and holding her tightly against his breast with his left arm, he
fended himself off from the cliff with the other hand and shouted to his
comrades to draw him up. He could no longer see where to place his feet
and once or twice swung against the rough wall with cruel force. But he
kept his own body between the cliff and his burden and she was not injured
in the least. Before they reached the summit her eyes opened and she gazed
up into his face.

   “ Keep still. Don’t move,” he said, and although she could not under-
stand the words his voice evidently reassured her. She did not seem
22

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

frightened, nor struggle, as Keeth expected she would. Instead she lay
passive in his arms, although she must have realized their danger.

   Then, in a moment, Keeth felt Ford’s hands on his shoulders. He was
dragged upon the rock, still bearing the girl in his arms, and. set her down
safely upon her feet. His clothing was torn to rags. His hands were
bruised and bleeding and there was a long gash on the side of his face. The
girl darted away from them like a startled creature of the wood, evidently
unhurt by her fall. But she did not go far, for, finding herself unmolested,
she stopped and looked back.	.

   “By Jove, Keeth! you’re a sight,” cried Ford. “But get into your
coat and come on. We must make a break from here.”

   “ What’s the matter?” demanded Ronald, still a bit dazed.

   “ There’s Indians about. They may be down on us any minute.”
“Yes,” said Fitch, “ while you was a-riskin’ your life for that ’ussie, we
saw one of ’em among the rocks up there. We’ve got to run for hit ! ”

   Keeth picked up his coat and started to put it on. But a cry from the
girl caused him to look up. Out of the timber before them came a crowd of
men armed with spears and clubs. They were Indians—of a lighter com-
plexion than those usually seen in Peru—and were dressed in all the savage
magnificence of an uncivilized people.

   They were clothed in little but a short tunic and sandals, but there were
brilliantly colored feathers in their hair and their arms and ankles were
adorned with heavy bands of gold. They were fierce looking, keen eyed
men, and without noticing the white men’s superior weapons, marched
solemnly toward them. Their huge spears were advanced threateningly
and two or three had already fitted arrows to their bowstrings. At their
head wralked an old man with wrinkled, parchment-like face, dressed in a
long white robe of finely woven llama wool.

   “Great Scott, Keeth!” ejaculated Ford. “We’re in for it. Shall we
fight or run ? ”

   Fitch had already unslung his rifle, and raised it to his shoulder ; but
Keeth roused himself in time to strike the weapon up.

   “ Not on your life, man ! ” he cried. “ One of those follows with the
bows would spit you like a dried codfish. Keep still and let’s see what they
want. It will be time enough to fight when they try to disarm us. ’ ’

   “ But they’ll surround us in a minute,” growled Fitch.

   “ Stand back to the tunnel here. They can’t get behind us then,” re-
turned Keeth. “ Keep your eyes open and don’t let them get the better of
us by a sudden sally. ’ ’

   The Indians had halted a few yards away and the old man advanced a
step. He addressed some words to the white men which none of them un-
derstood. It did not sound like the dialects of either the coast or the moun-
tain tribes with whom they had previously fallen in.

   “What’s that he’s saying?” demanded Ford. “ Can you understand
the gibberish, Fitch ? ”

   “ Not Hi. Try them with Spanish, Mr. Keeth,” suggested the trader.
“ Most Hinjuns understand that.”
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

23

    Keeth, thus adjured, exercised such knowledge as he possessed in that
direction. The Indians’ faces did not show that they had understood him.
They waited in silence a moment and then the old man said something to his
followers.

    At once the spears were raised again and the bows bent.

    “It’s fight, I reckon,” said Keeth, between his teeth. “ Get ready to
jump behind that wall yonder. If we can once get under cover we can wipe
’em out before they can send for reinforcements. Be sure your magazines
are full.”

    But at this critical moment, when it seemed as though hostilities would
at once begin, the girl, who had looked on in silence, suddenly darted between
the hostile parties. She knelt gracefully at the old man’s feet and began to
speak. He listened attentively and as she continued he waved his hand to
the men behind him and their spears were lowered again. The three white
me looked on with anxious faces, uncertain as to the outcome.

Chapter VI.—Guests or Captives?

    The girl was explaining to her people the incident which had taken place
just before their appearance, and was pleading for the lives of the white men
who had rescued her. Keeth was sure of this, and as he watched the old
man’s face he gathered hope. It kindled with love and pride as he gazed
down upon the kneeling girl, and the young American shrewdly saw that
through their effort in her behalf they had reached the old Indian’s heart.
It was probable that she was his daughter, or granddaughter, and there was
little wonder that the stern man loved her. Barbaric as was her dress and
ornaments, Keeth. was forced to admit that he had never seen so lovely a
creature.

   The color came and went in her dark cheeks as she talked ; her eyes
shone ; every motion was grace itself. The tightly fitting gown displayed
every rounded curve of her form, and although she was so petite, the matur-
ity of her figure was evident. She was a true daughter of the tropics.

    But the affair was too serious to admit of much thought upon the girl’s
beauty. It was in her power, Keeth believed, to avert bloodshed, and he
prayed fervently that she might be successful. The fierce looking men who
were gathered in the background could not be driven back by one discharge
of the rifles. They would fight till the last one dropped ; and if blood was
shed and he and his comrades should be finally captured, Keeth knew that
they would suffer the greater punishment.

    Finally the old man lifted the girl to her feet. With her hand in his he
advanced toward the three white men and again spoke to Keeth. The in-
tonation of the language was pleasant to the ear ; there were few harsh
sounds in it. But as far as Keeth was concerned it might have been
Choctaw. He couldn’t understand a syllable. The old man talked earnestly,
pointed to the white men, then to himself and his companions, and waved
his hand to include the surrounding territory. Keeth guessed that he was
declaring the fact that he and his people were the only rightful possessors
24

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

of the country thereabout, and that the white men were trespassers. Pos-
sibly he was inquiring as to their business in the mountains. So, as best he
could, Keeth replied in Spanish, hoping that the old fellow could understand
his very pacific speech. But if he did, he gave no sign.

   Instead, he uttered another long harangue, and Keeth began to feel that
they might stand there for a week and talk without understanding each
other. But here the girl came to the rescue. When the old man ceased she
looked to him for permission, and as he gravely bowed, she tripped timidly
to Keeth’s side. She laid her hand upon his rifle and pointed to the guns
of his companions. Then waving her hand for the waiting Indians to ap-
proach she showed that he and his friends were to give up their rifles and go
with her people.

   ‘1 They wrant to disarm us ; evidently they know something about the
destructive power of these guns,” said Keeth, speaking to his comrades.
“ What do you think about it? ”

   “ Hi say don’t give hup the guns,” exclaimed Fitch. “ Hif they know
hennything about ’em they’ll shoot us, if they get ’em in their ’ands.”

   “Not if we unload them and keep the ammunition,” returned Keeth.
“ It’s very necessary that we should not arouse their anger. It is likely that
there are plenty more of them not far from here. We do not know this
country and they do. We are in a ticklish position.”

   “ Can’t we make a break for it, beat them off for a while, and get to that
bridge after dark? ” asked Ford. “ Once across that, we could cut the log
off, and then they, nor nobody else, could follow us.”

   ‘ ‘ Well, Kinsale, if we tried to use our guns, how long do you suppose it
would be before we were spitted on some of those ugly looking spears? I,
for one, don’t wash to attempt it,” Keeth declared.

   “ But it hain’t sense for us to give hup the guns,” cried Fitch.

   “Well, we’ve got our revolvers. I don’t believe they know that these
little things in our belts are dangerous. Their primitive knowledge of fire-
arms was probably handed down to them from their forefathers. The mak-
ing of firearms was not a fine art in the days of Pizzaro and his brave con-
questadors. Let’s slip the cartridges out of the magazines and let ’em have
the guns. What say ? ’ ’

   “Well, you’re the captain,” said Ford slowly. “Pocahontas yonder
seems to have taken a fancy to you, and maybe she’ll see that the old graven
image, nor her bare legged countrymen, don’t hurt us. Here goes ! ”

   He removed the cartridges from his rifle and held it out tow'ard the
savages. One of them stepped gravely forward and received it. Keeth
followed suit; but Fitch gave up his very unwillingly.

   “ Hi tell you w’e’ll see the time we’ll wish we ’adn’t done it,” he
growled.

   When the rifles were in their hands, the Indians fell in behind the three
w'hite men, whom the old man beckoned to follow him. The girl walked by
his side.

   They marched into the forest which covered the mountain side. There
was a broad path cut through the timber, leading straight up the slope. For
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.	25

nearly a mile they remained in the shadow of the wood. Then they came
out upon a broad plateau. Great fissures opened in the rock in all directions,
and they had to pick their steps with care around boiling springs and holes
from which clouds of sulphurous steam escaped.

    “ Nice country, this,” said Ford, in disgust.

   But Keeth glanced about him with appreciative eyes. He saw unmistak-
able signs of the richest mineral deposits.

    They were nearly an hour in crossing the plateau. Then they descended
through a narrow ravine, which turned and twisted like a snake, and sud-
denly, without warning, came out into a most luxuriant valley. The white
men could not suppress exclamations of surprise at the view which met their
eyes.

   A long, gently undulating stretch of prairie lay before them. It was
surrounded 011 all sides by unbroken cliffs. As far as they could see, the
opening through which they had entered the miniature paradise was the
only entrance to it. At its widest point it might have been three miles
broad. There were great patches of luxuriant grass and here and there
small gardens. There were three or four groups of houses, but by far the
larger number were just at the left of the ravine through which they had
come, and stood in a rude circle about a great, flat roofed structure which
covered surely an acre of ground.

   All the houses were of gray stone, without the least ornamentation.
They looked as stern and forbidding as the cliffs which surrounded the
valley. A little stream, like a crinkled, silver ribbon, crossed the prairie
and disappeared at the base of one of the towering cliffs. Herds of llamas
were grazing in the meadows ; but no other animals were visible.

    The old man and the girl led the way toward this nearest group of dwell-
ings. As they approached, the people began to swarm out. But although
they were evidently Very curious regarding the three white men they stood
respectfully aside at a motion of the old man’s hand. Evidently he was a
power in the tribe.

    In a few minutes they reached the center of the little town, where stood
the great building. Its front was a vast porch, the mighty roof upheld by
rudely graven pillars, and before the porch, in the center of what might be
termed the plaza, wras a broad, low altar. The armed escort went at once
into the main building (the temple, Keeth decided); but the old man and
the maiden led their guests to a row of small houses just in front of the
principal entrance. The man opened the door of one, and motioned Ford
and Fitch to step within; but when Keeth tried to follow them, he waved
him back and pointed to a somewhat larger house beyond.

    Keeth hesitated ; he did not fancy being separated from his friends. But
Ford, who saw his hesitation, said :

   “ Go ahead, Ronald. We’re in for it now, and might as well go the
whole figure. His Nibs evidently thinks 3’ou are a great chief and you’ll
get better treatment than we. I wouldn’t mind taking dinner w'ith that girl
myself.”

    “ If anything happens, fire your pistol,” Keeth said, in a low voice, and
26

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

then suffered himself to be led to the other dwelling. He found that it
consisted of but one room ; nevertheless it was light and airy. The windows
were mere slits in the thick walls ; but the door was a heavy wooden one,
hung upon roughly wrought hinges of some kind of metal—just what he
could not decide.

    He was left to himself but a few minutes, and then a tall woman entered with
a jar of water on her head and a pile of garments over her arm. She placed
the water on the floor and laid down the garments. Then, bowing deeply,'
but without looking at him, she went out.

   “ Good ! ” thought Keeth. “ A chance for a bath and something better
than these rags, I hope, to put on. I wonder if the other boys will fare as
well ? ’ ’

   But when he came to look the garments over he was a little doubtful
about donning them. There was a shirt of finely spun llama wool, cut very
low in the neck and sleeveless. It clung close to his body and reached half
way between his waist and his knees. The tunic of cured skin (probably
from the same useful animal) was likewise sleeveless and fell scarcely lower
than the shirt. There were sandals, too—and queer enough they were. The
soles were covered by a series of small scales of metal, and upjn examination
he found that metal to be gold !

   “Talk about the riches of the Incas ! ” he gasped, when he made this
discovery. “ Why, these people don’t know the value of the stuff.”

   But he was a sight when he was dressed !

   “Won’t Ford guy me ! ” he thought, as he tried to see his manly pro-
portions as he stood in the light from the window. “ But I can’t wear those
tattered and torn clothes I had on. Then, I might offend my entertainers if
I refused to wear these. ’ ’

   At that moment there was a gentle rap at the door. He turned about and
hastened to throw it open. The girl who had already so well proved her
friendliness for him and his comrades stood without, and the tall woman,
who was evidently a servant, was with her.

   They entered, and the girl, taking a small jar from the woman’s hands,
approached him. She smiled up into his face and touched the wound on his
cheek and pointed to his bruised hands. Removing the cover of the jar she
began to bathe his wounds with its contents. It was an ointment which gave
relief at once as she rubbed it gently in with her fingers. Keeth thrilled
beneath her touch and felt himself blushing furiously. Somehow he
couldn’t make himself look upon her as merely an ignorant savage, and
felt vexed with Ford because he had laughingly referred to her as ‘ ‘ Poca-
hontas. ’ ’

   When she had gone the woman spread a cloth upon the floor and brought
an abundant supply of food. There was some boiled meat—Keeth thought
it probably kid—with vegetables not unlike mealy potatoes, and cakes of
coarse flour. There was also a jar of liquor which, although of a rather
pungent odor, was not unpleasant to the taste. He made a hearty repast,
and when he had finished saw by the waning light that it was almost night.

   He was left undisturbed until it was quite dark. Once he heard the loud
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

27

clangor of brazen cymbals from the direction of the temple, and the hum of
many voices in the courtyard. But after a while the concourse of people
dispersed and then there came a commanding knock upon his door. He
opened it. Two gigantic Indians, armed with their ever present spears,
stood outside and beckoned him to come with them. His belt was buckled
around his waist beneath the tunic, and he felt of the butts of his revolvers
to make sure they were in place before he obeyed. -Then he stepped forth
and was led toward the temple porch.

   Before the door the armed men were relieved by a priestly looking Indian
in a long white robe, who motioned Keeth to follow him. He carried a
a torch, which lit the labyrinth of passages through which he guided the
white man. Finally they halted before a heavy door and his guide rapped.
Keeth was sure that they had descended some distance beneath the level of
the ground, yet the air in the passages was cool and sweet. These wonder-
ful people had some knowledge of ventilation.

   A voice—a voice which he recognized—replied to the knock. The guide
touched the door and it swung inward. He motioned Keeth to step within,
and when he had done so the door immediately closed and the young man
found himself in a long, gloomy apartment, the high roof of which was up-
held by sculptured columns. At the further end of the room a single lamp,
hanging by chains from the roof, shed a dim glow upon a stone table. At
the table sat the old man whose acquaintance he had already made.

   Keeth walked slowly down the room and came at length to the table.
The light revealed the brown face of the patriarch, with all its innumerable
wrinkles. But despite his appearance of extreme age the eyes glowed
brightly in the half darkness. Keeth found himself strangely attracted by
those eyes. They seemed to scrutinize his very soul and hold his own gaze
captive.

   For a few moments there was silence between them. The old man was
looking his visitor over and a little smile curled the corners of his mouth as
he noted his fiue proportions, now so well displayed by the Indian dress.
Upon the table before him were some rolls of what looked like parchment,
frayed and yellowed by time. Keeth saw that they were covered with markings
in various colored dyes, or inks, and they seemed like ancient manuscripts.

   Suddenly the old man spoke, and instead of the unintelligible tongue
which he had previously* used, he said, in the purest of Castilian, yet with
an accent which sounded strange to Keeth, accustomed as he was to the
speech of the South American Spaniard :

   “ Senor, who art thou, and whence comest thou ? Why dost thou seek to
penetrate the fastnesses of these Sierras which have so long been the refuge
of my people ? ”

Chapter VII.—The Fiat Goes Forth.

   Keeth was astounded. Upon the occasion of his first meeting with the
aged Indian the latter had not made even a sign which led him to believe
that he understood Spanish. He now stood dumb before him.
28

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

   “ Speak, senor,” said the Indian, somewhat sternly., “ What dost thou
seek ?’ ’

   Then the young man found his voice. He realized that he had a very
delicate task before him. It would never do to tell the entire truth. The
principal reason for the presence of his friends and himself in the mountains
must remain hidden.

   “ We had lost our way,” he said, bowing respectfully to his interrogator,
“when you and your people found us. We entered the mountains many
leagues to the south of here.” He stretched out his hand in what he sup-
posed to be the right direction. ‘ ‘ Our guide fell from the cliff at the three
pines, where the tree is laid across the canyon, and was drowned.”

   The old man inclined his head to show that he knew the spot.

   “We climbed down the bluff to find his body and were unable to get back.
Therefore we pursued the path by the river’s edge until we found the road
to the summit of the cliff, made by your people. ’ ’

   “ Built by our fathers,” murmured the Indian.

   “Then, senor, you know how we came suddenly upon the girl, your
daughter--”

   “Not my daughter, stranger,” interposed the old man gently. “My
son’s child. I am an old man, senor—an old, old man. I have been a
priest of my people since my youth. But how earnest thou in these Sierras ?
Who was thy guide ? ”

   “An Indian,” replied Keeth.

  “His name?”

   “ Manuel was all the name we knew' him by.”

   “ It is not an Indian name,” said the old priest quietly.

   “ No, senor. He probably was named by the Spaniards.”

   A cloud crossed the other’s face. “ And, senor, art thou not a Spaniard ? ”
   “ No. I am of a different nation. I am an American.”

   “ We have no knowledge here of nations and peoples,” ss.id the old man
sadly. “ The world is large, senor? ” He asked the question with childish
curiosity.

   “Very large, indeed,” replied Keeth.

   “And our mountains—these mighty peaks—are but a small portion of
it? ”

   Again Keeth replied affirmatively.

   “ Then why do you come here, senor?” Why do you seek to disturb
the unfortunate children of the Incas?”

   The old man’s face flushed, and he rose suddenly to his feet. “We
have been conquered. The brutal Spaniards drove our fathers into these
fastnesses ages ago, senor. They lusted for gold—for treasure. Why dost
thou, and thy companions, come here?”	'

   “It is not of our own choice that we are here,” replied Keeth pacifically.

   ‘ ‘ Not here—no ! But you came into our country—you seek out the hid-
ing places of my unfortunate people. Dost thou lust for gold, too? ”

   Keeth was silent. He did not know how to reply to the old priest’s
vehement query.
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

29

    “You are not a Spaniard, senor—I can believe it, for I can scarce under-
stand your speech. The knowledge of the Spanish tongue has been handed
down from priest to priest since our fathers came into these mountains to
escape their conquerors. We are all that are left—this handful of my
people—of the true descendants of the Incas. We have kept ourselves free
from contamination of the Spanish. We await the time when Quesalcoatl
shall return and reestablish his people in their former power. ’ ’

   He dropped the Spanish, and with hands clasped before him broke out
into a hymn, or psalm, in his own tongue. His face kindled, his body
swayed backward and forward as he recited the rhythmic lines. Keeth stood
in awe. Suddenly the other ceased, and coming quickly from behind the
table, seized the young American by the wrist.

   “Senor, answer me truthfully, by the God thou servest! Why dost
thou come here ? Is it for riches ? ”

    “These mountains are full of mineral wealth,” replied Keeth lamely.

    ‘ ‘ The Spaniards searched out our old mines, and our treasure houses, ’ ’
said the priest. “ Gold is their God. We have no rich mines now. We
only work those which were abandoned by our fathers. And their treasure
caves are even hidden from their children, by the will of the gods. We have
naught for thee, senor. Why didst thou come to disturb my people? ”

   “ We will gladly go from you, oh, priest,” responded Keeth. “ Put us
on the trail to Hualpa and we will never trouble you again—I swear it ! ”
“Nay, nay ! That cannot be. My people would not hear to it,” said
the old man sadly. ‘ * Besides, I know not the place thou namest. We have
no knowledge of the outside world. Our intercourse with the poor creatures,
from among whom thy guide must have come, is very slight. Nay, senor ;
thou art here ; here thou must stay ! ’ ’

    Keeth turned pale at the words. A prisoner for life among these people !
Death were better.

   “Thou palest, senor—yet thou art a brave man,” said the priest.

‘ ‘ Hadst thou not been I would have had no Imozene to bless my last days.
I am an old man ; soon I shall go to my fathers. But while I live thou and
thy companions shall be well treated.”

    “ But, priest, ’ cried Keeth, “ why should you keep us? It was 110 fault
of ours that we fell upon this place.”

    “ Senor,” said the old man, shaking his head, “ thou hast not told me all
the truth. Thou mayest not be a Spaniard ; but all men of thy fair skin
esteem gold above all other possessions. If thou couldst thou wouldst bring
into our mountains many like thee, to dig for treasure. This is our refuge.”
The old man drew himself up to his full height. “ My people are brave.
They have all the courage of the great Incas. But they cannot withstand
the onslaught of thy people. They would fight for their homes till the last
drop of blood was shed. But it would avail not. We cannot let thee go.”
“ I think you look for that which would not occur, senor,” murmured
Keeth. Yet he knew the old man spoke the truth. The time would come
when white men would overrun the Andes and wrest from their serried
sides the treasure which he believed was hidden there.
30

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

   The priest suddenly seized both his hands and gazed deep into his eyes.

   “ Look upon me, my son ! ” he commanded, drawing Keeth’s gaze, despite
his will, to his own flaming eyes. “ Thou shalt see what the result of thy
search for gold wouldst be.”

   The young man fought against the influence which he felt was slowly
overpowering him. His brain reeled ; the columns upholding the dimly
lit room seemed circling about him ; he strove to withdraw his hands
from the priest’s grasp. But the will which enthralled him. conquered all
opposition. Slowly he sank back upon the rough bench beside the table.
He fought no longer. He was passive in the priest’s hands. The voice
of the wonderful old man seemed to reach his dulled ear from a great dis-
tance.

   *	‘ Look ! ’ ’ commanded the priest. ‘ ‘ Behold the end of thy plans, oh
worshipper of the God of Gold ! ’ ’

   Keeth’s eyes slowly closed ; and yet he saw. The wall of the cavernous
room seemed like a cloud. It was a cloud in motion, rolling, writhing,
changing form continually.

   Suddenly it opened, and through the mysterious gloom a picture took
shape and grew under his gaze. It was a precipice, and hanging from its
verge by a slender thread of hemp was a man upholding the slight figure of
a woman. The man’s face was his own ; the girl was the Indian maiden
whose life he had saved that very day. Quickly this picture passed. He
saw his companions and himself in the strange city of the descendants of the
Incas. These first visions were indistinct ; but as he looked those which fol-
lowed were plainer.

   He saw himself, and Ford, and Fitch, in what looked like a great arched
cave. The walls glittered with gems. Heaps of golden bars, such as Jose
Rodriguez had brought away from the Incas’ treasure cave, flashed back the
light of their torches. But always with them was the face of the girl, Imo-
zene. No picture, as they passed in kaleidoscopic rapidity before his eyes,
was complete without her.

   Then the cloud writhed and twisted like a mortal in agony, and from out
of it appeared visions of great rocks, seamed with glittering gold. He saw
men mining the precious metal : first himself and his comrades ; then others
joined them. Houses and towns sprang up on the rugged plateaus of the
mountains. The miners increased. And then he saw the peaceful valley of
the Indians again—but oh, how changed ! The light on this picture was
dim, but he beheld the prostrate forms of dead men, and pools of blood, and
fearful strife. The miners were battling with the ancient occupants of the
valley.

   He saw himself fighting in the ranks of the victorious •white men. He
gave and received blows. The din of battle was in his ears. Then the
awful carnage ceased. The valley was dotted with the bodies of the dead.
There were no more of the children of the Incas to battle for their homes
and altars.

   Yet the man whom he recognized as himself fought on. He was opposed
by but one enemy—a figure so slight, so ethereal, that it evaded his fierce
A PERUVIAN PARADISE	31

onslaughts, and for a long time escaped his vengeance. It was covered with
a mantle and its face he could not see. But at length his sword clove his
enemy through. He pulled the dripping blade from the inert body and
waved it over his head in triumph. But, as the body of his foe fell; the
mantle came away from the face and it was revealed. It was the white, dead
face of the girl, Imozene !

   Keeth shrieked aloud at the awful sight. He struggled with unseen
hands ; he fought for breath. And then, of a sudden, he found himself
lying in the old priest’s arms, who held a cup of some liquor to his lips.

   “Drink!” he commanded, and as Keeth obeyed the old man said:
“ What thou hast seen, remember. As thou seest, so shall it be if my people
let thee go. Forget not, oh, rash man ! ”

Chapter VIII.—Reviewing the Situation.

   It was some: minutes before Keeth regained his composure. The ner-
vous strain engendered by his involuntary trance had shaken him terribly.

   “ You are a wonderful man, priest,” he murmured. “ No one ever took
my will from me before and showed me what was in his thought.”

   The old man smiled quietly. “ Thou art mistaken, senor,” he said. “ I
did not show thee that which I imagiued. Think not I have played thee
some child’s trick. I know not what thou didst see. If the gods revealed
to thee that which would follow thy rash purposes, be warned thereby. I
am but their servant. ’ ’

   Keeth looked upon him earnestly. He understood something of the
power which the old man had shown him. It was a form of hypnotism ; but
evidently what he had seen had not been suggested by the priest. Never
could the old man have beheld that last awful picture and remained so calm.
The American was greatly perturbed.

   ‘1 Thou art a noble young man, stranger, ’ ’ pursued the priest. ‘ ‘ Although
we must detain thee, thou shalt have such courtesy as befits thy rank ; thy
companions, too, shall be well treated. I shall esteem it an honor to take
thee into my own household ; but now thou wilt return to the house where
thou art lodged. ’ ’ He struck a sharp blow upon a brazen gong with a little
hammer, and the priest who had guided Keeth through the temple appeared,
and beckoned him to accompany him.

   They passed swiftly through the silent corridors once more, mounted the
long flights of stone steps, and at length reached the porch. Here the two
waiting guards conducted him back to his house.

   The heavy door was closed, but it wras not barred. He could have gone
out at any time, for he doubted if a w’atch was set upon his movements. But
it would be of no use to leave the town. There was only one way out of
the valley, and without doubt that way was well guarded. The lack of sen-
tinels assured him that his captors considered escape absolutely impossible.

   He found a pile of robes at one side of the room, and after arranging this
bed lay down and slept soundly till morning. He was awakened just before
light by a terrible clangor on the plaza, and springing from his couch ran to
32

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

the window. A great crowd of Indians were gathered before the temple, but
it was still so dark that he could not see what was going on. So, after a
moment’s hesitation, he opened his door and slipped out.

   The sky in the east was aglow with the rising sun, but as yet it had not
appeared above the rugged cliffs which shut in the valley. Here it was still
dark. He could see the people thronging into the open court before the
temple. There must have been nearly a thousand of them—men, women, and
children. The noise which had awakened him was made by two white robed
priests, standing at either end of the porch, beating great gongs which they
held in their hands.

   Soon a procession appeared at the entrance of the temple, and the gongs
ceased. But the priests leading the procession had small cymbals which the}’
continued to clash most noisily ; but these tiny cymbals gave out a high,
shrill note not at all displeasing to the ear.

   The priests marched slowly out upon the porch, two by two. Those
who had no cymbals swung metal dishes of burning incense which filled the
whole place with its pungent odor. The priests filed down the steps and
arranged themselves about the altar ; and then the old man appeared. An
attendant led forward a kid, and it was seized and thrown upon the altar, on
which a pile of fuel had already been laid.

   The high priest held the struggling animal down with his left hand,
raising a huge bronze knife aloft in his other. The people chanted in their
musical tongue, while the light increased in the sky and the shadows stole
away from the valley.

   Suddenly the sun appeared. It shot up from behind a peak of the mount-
ain and its first beam rested full upon the face and figure of the high priest.
The chant changed to a shout and the knife was plunged into the throat
of the sacrifice. Another attendant ran with a blazing torch, and in a
moment the flames from the pile on the altar were flashing skyward. The
voice of the concourse of Indians rose like the deep, full notes of an organ.
The chant was the most solemn thing to which the American had ever
listened.

   Then they dispersed, and Keeth w'ent back to his place, wondering ex-
ceedingly.

   After his breakfast had been brought him and he had eaten it, he started
out to find Ford Kinsale and Bob Fitch. Nobody molested him and he
easily discovered the house in which they were lodged. He saw that the
door was open and looked within. His friends were still at breakfast, sitting
cross legged on the floor and evidently enjoying their meal extremely.

   “ There’s one thing about it, Fitch,” Ford was saying, “ these bare leg-
ged heathens don’t intend to starve us.”

   “ Mabbe they’re fatting us hup for to sacrifice us,” responded the
Cockney gloomily.

   “ Nonsense! ”

   “Ye can’t tell, sir. Hi ’ad a cousin—a sailor ’ee was—an’ ’ee was
wrecked among the South Sea cannibals. ’Ee said ’ee was never treated
better in ’is life, as regarded eating.”
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

33

   “Oh, get out! These people aren’t cannibals. Hullo! here’s one of
’em now.”

   Ford glanced up sideways at Keeth standing in the doorway. He didn’t
recognize him until his eyes reached his face, and then he sat stock still,
with a bowl of something in one hand and a cake in the other, and stared in
round eyed amazement. Fitch’s attention was attracted also by his com-
panion’s long silence.

    “ W’y, Hi’m blest if it hain’t Mr. Keeth ! ” exclaimed the trader.

   “Of course it is,” responded Keeth, in some disgust. “What’s the
matter with you, Ford? Don’t be an idiot ! ”

    But Ford dropped his eatables and fairly rolled on the ground in the ex-
cess of his hilarity.

   “Oh, oh, oh ! ” he shouted. “Just look at him, Fitch ! ‘ The White
Chief of the Incas ! ’ Oh, this is rich, Keeth. Won’t you be burnt a deep,
rich brick red if you go dancing around in those togs? You look like a
Scotch broad sword dancer, you do. What you going to do ? Marry Poca-
hontas and settle down with these people ? ’ ’

    Keeth couldiv t help grinning himself.

    “ Get up and don’t act so like a fool,” he said. “ I had to put on some-
thing besides those rags of mine, and this was all they had. I shall have to
wear ’em till I can get my measurements to my tailor in New York and he
sends me something different. ’ ’

    “ That’s nice,” said Ford cheerfully.

   “Don’t laugh so loud, though,” pursued Keeth. “Both you fellows
may come to it yourselves. ’ ’

    ‘ ‘ How so ? Are they going to make us don their attire ? ’ ’

    “ No ; but what you’ve got on won’t last forever.”

    “ What do you mean ? ” demanded Ford, sobered at once.

    “ I mean,” replied Keeth, “ that our friend, the old priest, tells me that
he is under the painful necessity of keeping us here the remainder of our
natural lives. How does that strike you ? ”

   “Great Scott!” ejaculated Ford, grave enough now. “You don’t
mean that ? ”

    ‘ ‘ I certainly do. I had an interview with him last night and that was
the outcome of it. He promises that we shall be treated well, but we shall
have to stay here.”

    “ Stay ’ere ! ” repeated Fitch, his pig-like eyes wide open. “ Not if Hi
know myself ! ”

       Them’s m3' sentiments ! ’ ” quoted Ford.

   “That’s all very well,” said Keeth. “You needn’t think I don’t ap-
preciate the situation, too ; but merely saying we won't stay will not help us
out of the difficulty.”

    “ I didn’t know but you had already promised to be his son in law,” said
Ford slyly.

    “ Come,” said Keeth, his eyes flashing dangerously. “This is no time
for fooling. It is a serious matter ; but we must talk and move circumspectly.
Jose Rodriguez got away from these same people ; what man has done man
34

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

can do. We’ll find a way to escape, too. But at present I think we had
better seem to acquiesce in the priest’s decision. I think because of what
we did for the girl—who, by the way, is his granddaughter, not his daughter,
Ford-—he is inclined to be friendly to us ; but how the rest of the Indians
feel about it, I don’t know. We’d best go easy.”

   “We’ll go easy, fast enough, if we once get the chance to go at all,”
murmured Ford.

   “ Hif you think Bob Fitch is goin’ to be shut hup in this bloomin’ valley
for the rest of his natural life, you’re mistaken,” said the Cockney. “ But, as
Mr. Keeth says, there hain’t no use a-rushin’ things. So, if hit’s all the
same to you, Hi’ll finish my breakfast.”

   But Ford had lost his appetite and followed Keeth outside where they
could talk together undisturbed. Sitting in the sun by the wall of the house,
Keeth told him all that had occurred during his interview with the old priest.
“ That old chap must be the very devil,” was Ford’s comment.

   “ He is a wonderful man,” responded Keeth. “ But there’s nothing so
very remarkable about the hypnotic power he displayed, although I never
met the mesmerist before who could control me. ’ ’

    ‘ ‘ But all that stuff you say you sawT-’ ’

   “ I’ve studied that out,” interrupted Keeth. “ I was dazed by it all last
night, but I’ve been thinking about it this morning. He couldn’t have seen
what I did. If he had, he’d have acted differently. He couldn’t have helped
showing it.”

   “ Then he didn’t suggest the pictures which you thought you saw?”

   “ I suggested them myself. I saw what was in my own mind, or what
was the legitimate outgrowth of the thoughts which filled my mind at the
moment he placed me in the trance. He was more than half right when he
said that if he let us go we would in the end destroy him and his people. On
that plateau across which we came, and at other points in the mountains, I
have seen sure signs of rich deposits of nitrate, and other minerals which
would pay men well to look into. When once the riches of these upper
Andes are known people will flock here, and that will mean death to this
handful of an already down trodden people.”

   “Seems to me,” said Ford gloomily, “that you’re dreadfully tender
hearted toward them. To my mind they’d kill us quicker than a wink if they
thought it would benefit them any. ’ ’

Chapter IX.—Imozene and Keeth.

   That day Keeth took up his residence in the temple as a guest of the
old priest. The rear apartments were occupied by his household, including
the grandchild, Imozene. The American felt some little diffidence in allow-
ing his captors to lodge him so much better than his companions ; but both
Ford and the Englishman advised him "to accept the priest’s invitation.

   “ There’s no use in making an enemy of the old fellow,” said Ford.
“ We’re getting good food and a decent place to sleep. If you can get any-
thing better, why take it.”
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

35

     Hand more than that, Mr. Keeth,” added Fitch, “ you maybe hable to
’elp us by standin’ in with the old chap.”

   “ That's so, Keeth. Stroke his fur the right way, and make love to the
girl. You may be able to get the whole crowd of us out, if you’re sweet
enough on her. ’ ’

   But Ronald Keeth made up his mind that that was one thing he would
not do. The priest’s granddaughter should receive as respectful treatment
at his hands as though he had met her in a New York drawing room. Ford’s
insinuating remarks about his interest in her grated upon the engineer’s
finer nature. He could not look upon the sweet face of Imozene without
remembering that moment of awful peril when they hung together over the
gorge with only the frail hempen rope between them and death. How brave
she had been ! And how kind she was to him afterward, coming herself
to anoint his wounds. No, he could not think of her lightly, and promised
himself that neither by word nor look would he take advantage of her guile-
lessness.

   He spent much time with the old priest, for that strange individual
seemed to have taken a fancy to him. Beside, he was the only person about
the temple with whom he could at first converse. The knowledge of their
conquerors’ language had been guarded very jealously by the priests of the
Incas ; his host told him that but one member of a generation was ever
taught it.

   But Keeth had a taste for languages himself, and before long he was
rapidly picking up the dialect of these people. With the priest he always
conversed in Spanish ; but for several hours every day he was more or less
in Imozene’s society ; and when two young folks who have no reason for abso-
lutely hating each other are thus thrown together, they must find some
medium of communication. Under the girl’s tuition Keeth advanced in his
study of the Indian tongue.

   Imozene, though scarcely more than a child in years (she was about
seventeen, as near as Keeth could figure from the Indian measurement of
time), was a woman in thought and feeling. And as soon as they learned to
understand each other she showed great curiosity in regard to the outside
world. Many things he tried to tell her she could not understand—nor was
it possible for him to explain what he meant, for her language had no words
by which he might express his meaning. That the world beyond the confines
of her own mountains was a vast place, full of wonderful things and wonder-
ful people, was the fact which impressed her most. She was amazed that the
white men, when they already had so much, should care to penetrate the
fastnesses of the Andes for any cause whatever.

   Keeth had in his pack a small map of Peru which he showed her and tried
to explain its uses. She thought that the diagram represented the whole
world, and when he told her that even that vast territory, of which her
beautiful valley was but a tiny spot, was a very small portion of the globe,
she scarcely believed him.

   “ Dost thou r-eally mean that, my lord ? ” she asked, laying her hand on
his arm and looking up into his face.
36

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

   “ It is even so, Imozene,” he replied, the unfamiliar sounds falling from
his tongue haltingly. “ I would not tell thee what was not true.”

   She sighed a little and let her head fall so that the waving black hair hid
her face. “ I cannot understand why thou earnest hither, my lord,” she said.
“ Is there anything my poor people have which thy people have not ? Have
they not gold, and treasures?”

   “ Yes. Many of my people have riches of which thou hast never dreamed.
But I am poor.”

   “ Thou wilt want for nothing here,” returned the girl simply. “My
people count not gold as did those cruel men who came to our land so many,
many years ago.” She looked searchingly into his face again. “ Thou art
a warrior ; thou art handsome ; thou knowest—oh, so much? Thou art rich

here. ’ ’

   “ Thou wilt make me vain, Imozene,” he said, laughing a little.

   “ Thou art not like the men of my tribe,” she went on. “ Thou art as
much a man, yet thou art tender, and the red blood mounts to thy cheek like
a woman's. Our men are fierce and wild. Is it because thy people are better
than mine? It is not because thou art not brave ; I know thy courage, oh,
my lord.”

   “ It is because we have learned more while the years have passed,” said
Keeth. “ Our young men are not taught to fight and kill. They learn peace-
ful pursuits. Yet they can fight when there is need.”

   ‘1 And are there no warriors among them ? ’ ’

   “ Yes, there are warriors. But all have not to be warriors to be called
men. ’ ’

   “ Here my people are ashamed of a man who is neither warrior nor priest.
The women will not look at him. What do the women of thy laud sa}? to the
men who do not fight ? Do they not scorn them ? ”

   “ No, princess. It is not considered beneath them to dig in the gardens
as the women do here. ’ ’

   Imozene shook her head in wonder. Then she raised her face suddenly
and, looking into Keeth’s eyes, asked :

   “ Are there beautiful women in thy land, my lord ? ”

   “Yes.”

    ‘ ‘ How do they look ? Are they as beautiful as the men ? ’ ’ And she looked
at him "frankly.

   “ Thou hast too high an opinion of the men’s beauty, oh, princess,” replied
Keeth.

   “ Thou and the man thou callest ‘ Ford ’ art as handsome as my own
people. Thou art far handsomer than Gonnatzl, and he is my own cousin,
and will be priest when my grandfather dies. But thy other servant—he is
so round, and red, and fat ! ” and the girl laughed like a chime of silver bells
over the thought of poor Fitch’s personal appearance. “ Now tell me of thy
women, my lord. Are they beautiful? ”

   “ Some of them are,” responded Keeth hesitatingly.

   “ Are they as beautiful as I am ? ” she asked frankly. ■ “ Gonnatzl says
I am beautiful ; but perhaps thou dost not think so, my lord ? ’ ’
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

37

   Keeth laughed again, this time to hide his embarrassment.

   “ Thou art very fair indeed, princess,” he said.

   A little shadow rested on the girl’s face. “But in thy country they are
fairer? ” she asked. “ What are they like ? ”

   Keeth drew from the leather case in which he carried the map a bent
and dogeared photograph and showed it to her. The color left her face and
her pretty teeth pressed her red lip till the color fled from that, too, as she
bent over the picture.

   “ Is it the work of gods—or demons ? ’ ’ she asked breathlessly.

   “Thy people have carvings and paintings on the walls of this temple,”
said Keeth. “ My people make their pictures more lifelike. This is one
thing we have learned in turning our backs upon war.”

   “But who is she? She ts beautiful!” The admission seemed fairly
forced from her lips.

   Keeth looked at the noble, high bred face, so different from the dark,
passionate living one beside it, and sighed. “ It is my sister,” he said.

   The color flashed back into Imozene’s cheeks and she smiled again.
“ And thou canst never see her again,” she said slowly. “ And she is so
beautiful—much more beautiful than I. I never had a brother,” she added,
after a moment. ‘ ‘ She must be sorrowful to lose thee, my lord—and thou
to lose her. ’ ’

   Keeth bowed. The girl crept nearer and laid her little hand again upon
his bare arm. The touch thrilled him and he started to draw his arm away
and then hesitated, fearful that he might offend her. But he dared not look
at her—for his own sake.

   “ Let me be thy sister in her place,” she w7hispered softly. “ I am sad
for thee, my lord.”

   She_leaned against him as he sat upon the stone bench and, after a
moment, slid down upon the seat beside him. Keeth was forced to look at
her and found her dark eyes running over with laughter.

   “ How do brothers show their love for their sisters in thy country, my
lord? ” she asked, glancing at him sideways out of her sparkling eyes.

   In a flash Keetli had his arms about her and turned her face up to his.
For a single instant their lips met. The blood suffused her cheeks, the
laughter died out of her eyes and tears filled them instead, and she darted
away from his side. For a moment she looked at him reproachfully and
then turned and fled from the room, leaving him filled not alone with wonder
at her action, bu-: with auger at his own.

Chapter X.—A Crisis.

   Keeth could not understand how he had offended the princess so sadly ;
but that she was offended there could be no doubt. She had been so be-
witchingly coquettish that he had broken the promise he had made himself
when first she sought his society, and now paid the penalty for his unfaith-
fulness. For days together he scarcely saw her, and when he did, it was
never alone. He had no opportunity to crave her forgiveness for his rash-
58

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

uess ; though he could not understand why a simple kiss had so strangely
affected her.

   He thought upon it so much that finally he determined to ask the old
priest something about the customs of the tribe in regard to the intercourse
of the sexes. Possibly, he told himself, he had commited some crime against
their social customs by kissing her ; or perhaps kissing was an entirely
unknown quantity among these Indians. Therefore he inquired of his host,
so carefully that he would not suspect his reasons for asking.

   The old man seemed delighted whenever Keeth showed any unusual
interest in his people. He had grown fond of the young stranger during the
weeks of his captivity, and seemed never tired of talking with him. And
during a long and rambling resume of the customs and laws of the tribe
Keeth learned a very interesting fact. He ascertained that: the kiss was a
sign of betrothal, and that it was considered a great breach of etiquette for a
man and woman to exchange such a caress unless marriage was con-
templated.

   To say that Keeth was troubled at this information is to put it very
mildly. He understood now the change in Imozene’s behavior. He had taken a
liberty which a proud spirited girl could scarcely forgive, and he felt humili-
ated to the dust, despite the fact that he had done the thing unwittingly.
From remarks the old priest let drop, he thought that it was his intention to
betroth Imozene to her cousin Gonnatzl, who would be the head man of the
tribe when he was gone. Keeth wondered what Gonnatzl would do if he
learned of what had passed between the princess and himself.

   He knew the young Indian. He had been among those who had attended
the priest and Imozene the day Keeth and his friends had been brought to
the valley of the Incas. He was a brawny, stern visaged savage—a noble
looking man, though a bit surly in disposition. The engineer fancied that
he looked upon him and his two companions in captivity with an unfriendly
eye, as it was.

   Two months had now passed since they had come among these Indians
and the first opportunity for escape had not presented itself. Fitch was in a
state bordering on desperation and Ford was in despair.

   “ You’re taking it mighty easy, Keeth, up there with that old priest at
the temple,” complained Ford. “What d’ye suppose my house in Callao
thinks of my being gone all this while ? And I should think you would
feel kind of funny about your own position. Do you intend to stay here for-
ever ? ’ ’

   “ Please don’t be an idiot, Ford,” returned the engineer. “ If you can
show me the merest chance for escape I’ll try it with the rest of you. I can’t
make chances.”

   “ No, nor you’re not looking for them,” declared Ford.

   “ Well, what can we do ? ”

   “Hi tell you w^ot it is, young man,” said Fitch seriously, “they’re
treatin’ you so bloody fine hup there that you don’t more’n ’alf care w’ether
you get away or not. But me ’n’ Mr. Kinsale do. We’re goiu’ to do some-
thin’ desperate yet.”
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

39

   “I’m just as anxious to get away from here as you are,” declared Keeth.
“ But I’m not such a fool as to let these people see it.”

   “ You manage to hide your anxiety well from them—and from us, too,”
interposed Ford.

   “ Hang it all, man ! what can we do? ” demanded Keeth, in disgust.

   “ Take a look around an’ see wot this bloomin’ valley looks like,” sug-
gested Fitch. “There’s no use in sticking’ere like toads hunder a toad-
stool. You get the hold feller’s permission for us to tyke a look around. We’ll
see if there’s only one way through them blessed clifts.”

   So Keeth, spurred on by his friends, made the request known to the
high priest. It was granted without hesitation, and the old man said he
would send somebody with them, which last was not exactly to their taste;
but they were not in a position to file objections. The guide selected
proved to be the young man, Gonnatzl, and this displeased the engineer
still more.

   But the three prisoners could find no fault about the way in which they
were treated. The people gazed upon them curiously as they traveled from
place to place, it is true, but they were unmolested. The valley was about
eight miles long and not over three wide at its broadest point. And as for
escape through or over the cliffs—well, Keeth made up his mind before they
had made the circuit of the place that unless a man had wings like one of
those condors whose nests topped some of the most inaccessible crags, or
enough dynamite to wreck half the mountain system of Peru, there was little
chance of either.

   The river—or more properly brook, during this dry season—crossed the
valley from west to east. It spouted out from beneath an overhanging ledge
and was augmented by half a dozen little rills which trickled through the
valley or fell down the cliffs. It slanted across the meadows, at one point
forming a little lake in which hundreds of wild fowl sported, finally disap-
pearing in a -wide crack under the base of the eastern cliff. This opening
was scarcely five feet high, and showed by the slime which discolored the
rock that during the rainfall the stream became no inconsiderable torrent.

    ‘ ‘ Where does the water go to, prince ? ’ ’ inquired Keeth of their guide.

   “ To the under world—to the abode of gods and demons, oh, white man,”
responded Gonnatzl harshly. “ We had a prisoner once—it was not so many
moons ago—who sought to escape the children of the Incas by following the
bed of yonder stream,” and he pointed solemnly to the mouth of the cavern.

    Keeth started, but recovered his self possession instantly. Could this be
Jose Rodriguez—and had he escaped through that forbidding entrance to
what the Indian called the “ under world ” ?

   “ And what happened to him, oh, prince ? ” asked the engineer.

   “ The gods sent a great rain and he never returned,” replied Gonnatzl,
simply. ‘ ‘ When the banks of the river are full the waters tear through the
rock as swift as a condor when it swoops upon its prey. ’ ’

   Keeth made no further comment, but when he and his friends had re-
turned to the neighborhood of the temple, and wTere alone, he told them what
Gonnatzl had let fall about a former prisoner.
4o

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

   “ By Jove ! that was Jose, sure,” declared Ford.

   “ We may reasonably suppose so.”

   ‘ ‘ And he went through that hole and never came back ? ’ ’

   The three white men looked at one another.

   “ Wot do you think of hit?” whispered Fitch hoarsely. “ If that’s the
w’y Jose got hout it’s the w’y we can get out.”

   “ Let us be sure that the prisoner Gonnatzl meant was Jose,” responded
Keeth. “I’ll try to sound the fellow further, or ask some of the priests.
But we must not arouse their suspicions.”

    “ It’s not an inviting looking hole,” said Ford reflectively.

   “ But if we’re reasonably sure that Jose escaped by that means, you will
risk it ? ” asked Keeth.

   Ford was silent a moment, but Fitch did not hesitate.

   “ Hif you harsk me that, Mr. Keeth, Hi’ll tell you mighty quick,” he
said doggedly. “ Hi’m goin’ to try it if there’s the least show of getting
hout alive. Bob Fitch ’as stayed among these ’eathen just as long as ’ee
wants to. ’Ee’s gyme for hennything.”

   “ I shan’t be behind you fellows,” said Ford quietly. “Life is sweet,
but liberty is sweeter. And there’s no knowing when the apparent kindness
of our friends here may change to something different. I don’t like
that Gonnatzl’s eye, and you say he’s a high cockalorum in the tribe,
Keeth ? ’ ’

   Keeth nodded, but he kept his suspicions of Gonnatzl’s enmity to himself.
There was no use in worrying Ford and Fitch further. But: he firmly be-
lieved that the young man who, some day, would be at the head of the tribe,
was anything but friendly toward them. He had a demonstration of this fact
within a few hours.

   That evening he had an opportunity of speaking again with Imozene for
a few moments, although one of the women servants crouched in the corner
all through the interview. He did not know how to broach the matter of
their last tete-h-tite, although that lay nearest his heart; but he told her of
the tour of the valley which he and his friends had made that day and asked
about the captive of whom Gonnatzl had spoken.

   “ Ah, yes, I remember him, my lord,” responded Imozene, w'ith her head
turned so that he could see only the profile of her face. She seldom looked
at him now, and all the childish frankness and candor were gone from her
manner. “ He stayed with us many moons—but he was not like thee. He
was of that nation who conquered our fathers in the days that are past.”

   ‘ ‘ Gonnatzl said that he was swept into the cavern by the river, ’ ’ sug-
gested Keeth.

   “ He was seen to go there, my lord,” she answered. “ The great rain
which the gods sent carried him down—down to the abode of the gods. He
was seen never more ; but his spirit sometimes walks and wails about the
river. It has been seen at night or early morning by the herdsmen. They
will not go near the place except by broad daylight.”

   “So he was a Spaniard ? ” said Keeth. “ He was not treated as kindly
as are we, then ? ’ ’
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

4i

    “ Had Gonnatzl his way, my lord, you would be less gently treated. He
 does not like men with white faces, and says they are all alike, ’ ’ said Imo-
 zeue softly.

     “ But thanks to you and your grandfather we receive far better treatment
 than we deserve,” rejoined Keeth, with a smile.

    “Ah, my lord,” she said, raising her eyes to his fora moment, and he
 saw that they were full or tears, “ we cannot know what may happen. My
 grandfather is old. Gonnatzl will succeed him and will then work his own
 will. And I—what am I but a weak woman ? I can do nothing to save you.
 Beware of Gonnatzl, my lord ! ”	op

     She looked at him with all her soul in her eyes and then ran sobbing from
 the room.

    “ Hang it ! ” thought Keeth, “the girl knows more than she tells. I
 believe that Gonnatzl already intends us some injury. We must risk that
 river bed at once, desperate as the chance appears. I feel quite confident
 that the prisoner they speak of was Rodriguez. I’ll see Ford and Fitch the
 first thing in the morning, and we’ll make the attempt tomorrow night if the
 fates be propitious.”

    But the morning brought a peril which was entirely unlooked for. He
 was awakened in his chamber at the rear of the temple by the beating of
 the brazen gongs. Every morning the priests performed some ceremony in
 homage to the rising sun ; but Keeth knew by the uproar in the court
 before the temple that something of an unusual nature was afoot. He
 arose and dressed, although it was still quite dark. He had scarcely slipped
 on his tunic when his door was opened and two solemn faced priests beck-
 ' oned him out.

    He followed them in wonder to the porch of the temple. Not until he
 reached this place and saw the concourse of people and Ford and the trader
 each between two guards at one side of the porch did he suspect that they
 were in danger. The priests who had brought him gave him over to the care
 of two armed Indians and he was placed beside his comrades.

    “ What’s up,” asked Ford, in a whisper.

    “ I don’t know anything about it. I’m just out of bed,” replied Keeth,
 in the same low tone. “ Is the old priest here ? ’ ’

    “ Haven’t seen him. That red rascal, Gonnatzl, seems to be the master
 of ceremonies.”

    “Hi believe they’re goin’ to roast us, an’ ’ave a feast,” said Fitch
 gloomily.

    “ I tell you they’re not cannibals,” declared Keeth. But he wished that
 the benign, if stern, face of the old priest would appear. He remembered
 that Imozene had warned him against her cousin only the night before. The
 situation looked serious.

    “ Have you got your pistols?” he inquired.

    “Yes. And they’re in good order, too,” declared Ford grimly.

     “ Then if worst comes to worst we’ll be able to put up a good fight,” said
 his friend. “ But wait for me to give the signal. I can understand what
 they say and you can’t.”
42

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

   “ Hif Hi see one o’ them niggers cornin’ for me with a toasting fork, I
shan’t wait for you to give the word to fire,” declared Fitch mutinously.
“ Hit’s ev’ry man for ’imself then, an’ the devil ’elp the ’indermost ! ”

   The priests were grouped behind the prisoners on the porch. The people
crowded the plaza before the altar, and Keeth observed, by the light of the
torches, Gonnatzl and a group of warriors just below him on the broad steps.
Suddenly the young Indian sprang out into the open space behind the altar
and began to speak to the crowd. And as Keeth listened to the passionate
words which fell from his lips he paled and grasped the handle of the revolver
beneath his tunic, for Gonnatzl was proving all that Imozene had feared. He
was inciting the people against the white prisoners, and was even decrying
the leniency the old priest had shown them.

Chapter XI.—The Sign op the Curse.

   “What does that red rascal say, anyway?” whispered Ford, nudging
Keeth with his elbow.

   Keeth looked at his friend strangely.

   “ What’s the matter with you ? Speak up ! ” exclaimed Ford.

   “You remember that mark on poor Jose’s cheek that caused all his
trouble ? ’ ’

   “Surely.”

   “ Well, Gonnatzl is kicking because we have not been treated to the same
delicate attention. He accuses our friend, the priest, of showing us unwar-
ranted favoritism by not tattooing us before, and he demands that we receive
‘ the sign of the curse ’ at once.”

   Bob Fitch’s hands sought the side pockets of his ragged coat where re-
posed his two revolvers.

‘ ‘ May has well be shot for a hold sheep has a lamb, ’ ’ he muttered.

   “ Be quiet, Fitch ! ” commanded Keeth. “ Don’t either of you make a
move until I give the word. If the priest comes this may blow over. ’ ’

   But still the old man did not appear and Gonnatzl’s words were evidently
having their effect upon the assembled throng. The torches lit up the dark,
fierce faces of the men in the front of the crowd, but the mass of the people
were in the black shadow of the building which surrounded the plaza and
only their outlines could be seen. The young prince’s impassioned utter-
ances were inflaming the warriors, who were without doubt his friends and
supporters. Looks of hatred and malice were cast at the three prisoners,
and it seemed as though the savages were ready to make a rush upon them.

   Suddenly there sounded the shrill tinkle of cymbals within the temple.
Keeth started and turned to his friends in excitement. He knew that the
sound of the cymbals always announced the approach of the high priest at
any ceremony. The sky in the east was already glowing with the approach-
ing dawn. The torches burned dimly in the increasing light.

   Gonnatzl evidently recognized the fact that his time was limited. His
voice rose to a shriek and he threw his arms above his head in an ecstasy of
rage.
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

43

   “ Curses 011 the white faced prisoners ! ” he shrieked. “Let them be
branded with the sign of the curse ! ’ ’

    A hoarse shout answered him, and a number of the armed guards started
forward. Gonnatzl wheeled and headed their charge up the temple steps.
The prisoners drew back together and Keeth shook off the guards who had
laid hold of him.

    “ Back to the wall, boys ! ” he exclaimed.

    The confusion of voices swelled to a roar. The crowd swept up the steps
like a breaker on a sea beach. Torches were thrown down and trampled
under foot, and the half naked savages looked like fiends from the pit in the
dusk of the early morning.

    All the while the shrill note of the cymbals could be heard above the
confusion. The old priest was advancing from the temple. He reached the
entrance just as Gonnatzl and the foremost of the mob arrived upon the top
step. His face, revealed by the light of the torches carried on either hand
by his attendants, showed no emotion as he saw the hurlyburly on the
temple porch. He advanced neither more swiftly nor more slowly than was
his wont, but as he neared the end of the porch he gave a quick glance from
the three white men at bay against the wall to the crowd of dark visaged
Indians who had hesitated at his appearance.

    He said no word, but at a wave of his hand the rabble slunk back down
the steps, and even the fiery young prince gave way before him. The babble
of tongues died away and there fell an awTed hush upon the assembly. The
old man stretched forth his hands above the heads of his people, and at the
sign the remaining torches were dropped and stamped under foot by their
metal soled sandals. Immediately a low, solemn chant was begun by the
priests and the concourse of Indians took it up. The light grew above the
eastern peaks, and the ceremony in honor of the rising sun went on as though
nothing had occurred to mar the repose of the occasion. Gonnatzl’s revolt
had been stamped under foot with the blazing torches.

    When the usual sacrifice was burning on the altar the people quietly dis-
persed. The priests filed silently back into the temple, and their leader
turned and spoke to Gonnatzl for a moment. Whatever he said did not
please the young man, for he scowled darkly, and casting a malignant glance
at Keeth and his friends, marched slowly away from the place.

    The old man bowed to Keeth as he passed him.

    “Have 110 fear, senor,” he said in Spanish. “ Inzalkl still rules his
people.”

    But Keeth looked after him in doubt as he entered the temple. His step
was slow and liis hand shook with the palsy of age. He was not the same
strong man he had been when first they had seen him. How soon w^ould it
be ere Gonnatzl should reign in his stead ?

    “ Boys, we must get away tonight, if such a thing is possible,” he whis-
pered in his comrades’ ears. “Go home and get your breakfasts. I’ll
come and see you this forenoon and we’ll make our plans. Save what
food you can from your meals today. It’s better to run the risk of fol-
lowing that river bed than to go through such another experience as this. ’ ’
44

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

   “That’s the most sensible thing you’ve said for manj- a long day,
Mr. Keeth,” declared Fitch, and he and Ford went off together, arm
and arm.

   Keeth went to his own apartment filled with conflicting emotions. They
wTere to run a desperate chance indeed. If the cavern into which the waters
of the brook flowed proved to be unavailable for purposes of escape, their
treatment when they were recaptured would be far more severe than it had
been. Even the old high priest, Inzalkl, would be unable then to save
them from the wrath of Gonnatzl and his friends. _And then, it was
impossible to tell what danger lurked in the bed of the subterranean river.

   “ But it’s the only thing to do,” thought Keeth, pacing his room rest-
lessly after breakfast. “ I see no other way. The cliffs are unscalable ; the
only entrance to the valley guarded. Our only hope is that river, and if
Jose Rodriguez was the prisoner who left the valley by that means—well,
what man has done, man can do. But if it were not he—if it were some
other unfortunate fellow—! Well, a man can die but once, and we had better
die trying to escape than become veritable slaves of these savages. ’ ’

   He was about to go out and seek his comrades in misfortune when there
came a timid rap upon his door. He opened it and found Imozene standing
at the portal.

    ‘ ‘ My lord, I must speak to thee ! ’ ’ she exclaimed.

   “What is it, princess?” he asked, taking her hands tenderly and
drawing her into the room. “ Why do you tremble so? What has hap-
pened? ”

   “ My grandfather—the great Inzalkl-”

   “What about him?” cried Keeth, half suspecting what her answer
would be.

   “ He is stricken, my lord ! ” gasped the girl, beginning to sob. “He is
dying.”

   “ Not that! You are too easily alarmed, princess.”

   “He says himself he is dying,” said the girl solemnly. “He knows,
my lord. He calls for thee. ’ ’

    ‘ ‘ I wall go to him at once. ’ ’

    Keeth stepped to the door, but looking back he saw the drooping, pitiful
figure of the girl leaning against the rough stone wall. He hesitated a mo-
ment and then went back to her side.

   “ I am sorry for thee, Imozene,” he said gently. “ I wish I might com-
fort thee.”

   “ Thank you, my lord,” she returned gravely. “ I sorrow for thy sake
as well as my own. Gonnatzl feels harsh toward thee—beware of him. If
the great Inzalkl die thou and thy friends will fare ill. But hasten—he calls
for thee again.”

   Keeth bowed and walked slowly from the room. He was sufficiently
familiar with the temple now to find his way to the old priest’s apartment.
There were several white robed attendants hovering about the old man’s
c-ouch. Immediately upon seeing the white man enter he motioned the
others to leave him and the room was soon cleared.
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

45

   “Senor,” he said, speaking almost in a whisper, “ the hand of death is
on hie. I arose in my weakness this morning and saved thee from the
young prince Gonnatzl ; I cannot save thee again. Thou art in danger here.
My people have had poor crops this season ; they lay it to the wrath of the
gods because I have had thee as my guest and have refused to enslave thy
servants. When I am dead, senor, all will be different here. Gonnatzl will
have no mercy, I fear me.

   “I have sent for him. He is to espouse his cousin, little Imozene, and
as she is thy friend perhaps I may lead him to show thee mercy after all.
Yet,” and the old man spoke more slowly and shook his head, “ the young
prince is not so eager to wed his cousin as he was. I fear me he will not
treat her with kindness. If thou canst be of aid to her at any time thou
wilt not hesitate to offer her thy arm ? ’ ’

   “ I am her servant, oh, priest,” replied Keeth, bowing.

   “ Farewell, then, white man. I can say no more—I can do no more.
My life is slipping away from me. The things of this w'orld seem small to
me now, oh, son.” For a moment his eyes became fixed upon Keeth’s face.
Their dulness passed away and something of the fire came into them which
his guest had seen on that first night when the wonderful occult power of the
priest was displayed. But now it was not Keeth’s soul which was enthralled.
The limbs of the old man grew rigid, his eyes burned like dull coals ; slowly
his lips opened and he spoke, but in a voice which the listener scarcely
recognized.

   “ Art thou there, my son ? Listen ! Fear not the path thou shalt tread.
Death is not before thee—fear not.” He was silent a moment, his face
growing more rigid. His lips moved stiffly. “ I see—I see what thou canst
not. Ah, my people ! my people ! They are doomed. Thy people, oh,
son, shall sweep aside the children of the Incas as chaff before the thresher’s
fan. But Imozene—my little Imozene ! Care for her, son, I charge thee—
care for her ! ”

   His words became inaudible, though his lips still moved. Keeth placed
his ear close to them, but could distinguish nothing. The rigid lines slowly
relaxed. His breath came more easily and the old priest sighed and turned
his face to the wall. He had fallen peacefully asleep and Keeth stole from
the room.

Chapter XII.—Into the Tunnel’s Mouth.

   When Keeth arrived at the abode of his friends he was just in time to
witness a spectacle which, despite the serious matters occupying his mind,
forced a laugh to his lips. Ford Kinsale and the trader had been reduced,
during their captivity, to little else than rags for clothing, and at last had
been forced to abandon their European garments and don the tunic of their
captors. They had continually made fun of Keeth for wearing the Indian
costume; but now the laugh was on the other side. The engineer was a
picture of manly beauty beside his two friends.

   Ford was a muscular fellow, but he was lean and his long shanks stuck
46

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

out of the skirts of the tunic like a pair of broom sticks. And as for Fitch—
well, he was a sight ! He had lost none of his corpulency while in captivity,
and the llama skin tunic fitted him as tightly as his own cuticle. His waist
line had disappeared some years before and his aldermanic proportions were
much en evidence as he strutted about the room.

   The first intimation he and Ford had that they were observed was a
burst of laughter from Keeth in the doorway.

   “ Hullo \you there? ” exclaimed Ford, in disgust. “ What sort of ballet
dancers do we make? ”

“ Oh, you’re out of sight ! ” Keeth declared, between his chuckles, “ If
you could only see yourselves ! Fitch, you look like a keg of ale on stilts.”
“ Ho, ho ! that’s a good one on you, Fitch ! ” roared Ford, in delight.
“And you look like a superannuated clothespin, ” added the engineer,
turning to his chum with a broad grin.

   “Aw—g’wan ! I bet I don’t look any worse than you,” responded
Ford, though with less hilarity.

   “ I don’t know about that,” said Keeth. “ Somehow your bones—you
are awfully bony, Ford—project out into the ambient atmosphere really
more than they should. You need upholstering, my son.”

   “Well, you cyn’t say that of me, Mr. Keeth,” interposed Fitch.

   “ No ; it’s a pity you couldn’t turn over some of your superabundance of
flesh to poor Ford, and thus even things up. Oh, you two are sights ! ”
“My ancestors were used to kilts,” said Kinsale reflectively. “It’s a
pity if I haven’t enough Scotch blood in me to carry off a little thing like
this. I don’t believe I look as bad as you say, Ronald.”

   “ It’s lucky you’re so unbelieving, old man,” returned Keeth coolly ;
“ for if you really knew how badly you look, I shouldn’t be able to get you
outside the door yonder. And it has become very necessary that we do get
outside,” he added, more gravely.

   “ Why, what’s up? Anything new? ”

   “ The old priest is in a very bad way ; in fact, he’s dying,” said Keeth.

   “ By Jove 1 you don’t mean it ? ”

   “ Hour cake’s dough, sure enough i ” exclaimed the Englishman.

   “ We are in a bad box, there’s no denying it,” said Keeth, in a low voice.
“ We must get away this very night. Will you risk it ? ”

   “ Hi’ve said Hi would, an’ H’im just as ready now as Hi was then.”
“Of course we’ll go,” said Ford. “Think we want to stay here and
have that Gonnatzl roast us on the altar yonder some fine day? I suppose
you’ll try the river bed ? ”

   “ That seems to be our only chance—and to tell you the truth, boys, I
think that's a mighty slim one.”

   “ If Rodriguez-” began Ford.

   “ We’re not positive the man whom they say was lost there was Jose,”
interrupted Keeth. “ But however that may be, I cast my vote for trying
it this night.”

   “ Hi’m with you,” responded Fitch quietly.

   Ford nodded. “I shan’t stay here alone,” he said. “Fitch and I
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

47

got a package of grub stored up yonder—some dried meat and cake. We’ll
need torches, won’t we? ”

   “Yes; and our blankets. I’ll get the torches,” returned Keeth, and
forthwith ensued a long discussion of ways and means. Each suggestion was
examined in detail, and when Keeth departed every possible contingency had
been thought of and planned for.

    He remained in his own chamber till noon, and then, thinking the time
opportune, seized an armful of torches from a pile in one of the corridors near
by, wrapped them in a rug and carried them to one of the side entrances of
the temple. Ford was on the lookout for him and came across the court and
carried the innocent looking bundle to his quarters. On his way back to his
apartment Keeth passed the young prince, Gonnatzl, near the door of the
high priest’s chamber. Gonnatzl had evidently been in to see the old man ;
but what effect the dying Inzalkl’s pleading had had upon fhe hot headed
fellow Keeth could not guess, for the prince passed him with averted face.

    He heard nothing from the dying priest during the afternoon. He tried
to sleep, knowing that if all went well he would be upon his feet all the
coming night; but his mind was so troubled by thoughts of Imozene, and of
the danger menacing his friends and himself, that it was impossible. The
impassioned words of the old priest—the last he would probably ever hear
from his lips—still rang in his ears:

   “Ah, my people ! my people! They are doomed. Thy people, oh,
son, shall sweep aside the children of the Incas as chaff before the thresher’s
fan. But Imozene—my little Imozene ! Care for her, son, I charge thee—
care for her ! ’ ’

   Keeth repeated the words over and over. What had the old man meant ?
By his wonderful occult power had Inzalkl looked into the future and really
seen some great danger menacing his granddaughter ? Of Keeth he declared
he should escape death. Did he know f

    It wras impossible for the American to sleep while these and like thoughts
were rioting through his brain. He paced the confines of his narrow room
like a caged beast. The afternoon waned and the night began to fall. The
narrow streak of sunlight which crept across the floor from dawn to dark
disappeared, and through the window he saw the stars come out in the still
glowing sky. From the bustle and confusion outside he judged that a great
many people had gathered about the temple. The news that the old Inzalkl
was [near death had gone out among his nation, and from all parts of the
valley they had gathered.

    Suddenly the great brazen gongs at the door of the temple began to beat
slowly. Their rhythmic throbbing filled the remotest corridor with clangor-
ous sound. A hush fell upon the throng without. Keeth listened at his
door, his heart beating tumultuously. What was the meaning of the jarring
notes ? Had the end come ? Had the old man already passed away ?

    But as he listened another sound reached his ear. It was a faint sobbing
just without the portal. He unbarred the door and swung it back, and
there, in the gloom of the corridor, lying on the threshold, he beheld a pitiful
little heap, shaken by a tempest of sobs.
48

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

   “ Imozene ! ” he cried, and in an instant caught her up in his arms. She
hid her face on his shoulder and he felt the heaving of her bosom against his
own breast.

   “ What is it—tell me, my child ? ” he said, bearing her in his arms to the
stone bench beneath the window.

   “ He is dead,” whispered the girl, not offering to disengage herself from
his embrace ; but her sobs ceased.

   “ Inzalkl?”

   “ Yes, my lord. The gongs beat out the sad intelligence to my waiting
people. Dost thou know what it means to thee—and me ? ’ ’

   “ To me it means danger, oh, princess, if Gonnatzl now reigns. But to
thee it means sorrow for the loss of a kind friend and counselor. Thou wilt
reign over thy people with Gonnatzl ? ”

   “ Thus my grandfather intended. But it will never be, my lord.”

   ‘ ‘ Why not ? ’ ’ demanded Keeth hoarsely.

   Slowly the girl disengaged herself and sat upon the bench beside him.
“ Had I the key to the treasure cave of our fathers—the cave lost to our
people by the will of the gods so long ago—Gonnatzl would not wed me. He
has so declared. I shall never wed, my lord. I am alone—alone ! ”

   Her head slowly drooped until her forehead rested against the cold stone.
Her hair hid her features from her companion, and again the passionate
sobs shook her frame.

   Keeth sprang to his feet and leaned above her. Once he put out his
arms as though to gather her again within them. But he fought down the
temptation.

   “ God knows I’ve done her harm enough,” was his bitter thought.

   ‘ ‘ I cannot save thee, my lord. Gonnatzl will have his vengeance on thee.
I shall see thee die—and then die myself ! Before another sun thy friends
and thyself will fall before my cousin’s rage.”

   “We shall not ! ” exclaimed Keeth defiantly. “ Oh, priucess, weep not
for us. We shall escape him. ’ ’

   “ Then the gods must shield thee,” she said simply. “ Imozene cannot.”
She still lay hopelessly upon the bench, her body shaken by her sobs.
Keeth was torn with conflicting emotions. Should he fly alone from the
temple, or should he take her with him ? He believed she would go without
protest. If they escaped she need never return to the wilderness ; if not—
well, they would die together. He knew—aye, he confessed it to himself
with shame, yet with a strange exultation—that he loved her. He loved this
woman—this half savage creature; in all the barbarism of her nature and
surroundings, he loved her !

   Yet because this was so he could not do what inclination prompted. He
could not sacrifice her. Should they fly together and be captured, what
horrible punishment might not be meted out to her by her fanatical people ?

   He glanced back over his shoulder for a last glimpse as he crept like a
thief to the door. The little heap of barbaric finery still lay upon the bench,
and the last sound he heard as he stepped so softly into the corridor was a
choking, despairing sob from behind the curtain of her glorious hair.
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.	49

   Keeth groped his way to the side door of the temple. No one opposed
his exit. The side court was deserted. All the people who had thronged
into the town had crowded into the plaza before the porch. With swift steps
he made his way to the lodgings of his friends and aroused them.

   “ What ! shall we start this early? ” demanded Ford.

   “ At once,” returned Keeth. “ The old man is dead. We do not know
when the blow may fall upon us. Gather up the torches and the food and
come.”

   They did as he commanded, and like three ghosts, though it must be
confessed that poor Fitch was a very corpulent spirit, they flitted through
the deserted town and reached, without mishap, the open country. A dark
mass of cloud was slowly gathering in the west, foreboding a storm. They
went on through the oppressive silence to the river.

   Suddenly Keeth halted and seized Ford’s arm. “What’s that, old
man ? ” he demanded. “ Your eyes are better than mine.”

   He pointed to something moving along the brook bed toward the cliff.

   “ Hit’s a man,” exclaimed Fitch.

    “ It’s alive,.whatever it is,” said Ford uneasily.

   “ Hi’ve a good mind to give hit a bullet,” declared the Englishman.
“ Hit’s one o’ them bloomin’ Hinjuns.”

    “ Don’t you dare ! ” cried Keeth hastily. “ Want to call the whole crowd
back there down on us? We’ll follow him.”

   But the shadowy figure had already disappeared, and Keeth, remembering
what Imozene had said about the herdsmen being afraid to go near that por-
tion of the valley at night for fear of the haunting spirit of the other prisoner
who had ventured into the mysterious tunnel, went on with a rather creepy
feeling about their undertaking. The thought was gruesome.

   The water murmured among the boulders as it hurried into the dark rift
beneath the cliff. The three fugitives did not hesitate when they reached
the mouth of the tunnel. Keeth led the way inside, and before going far
from the entrance ignited one of the torches. Holding this above his head
he went carefully forward, while the dancing light played over the slime
covered walls of the passage and the torch hissed as the drops of moisture
fell upon it from the roof.

Chapter XIII.—Like Flies in a Bottle.

   The bed of the subterranean river was strewn with boulders and broken
bits of timber which had been swept in from the outer world by bygone
freshets. At first the roof was only a little above their heads ; but as they
advanced the tunnel inclined more rapidly and it grew higher. The water
ran over the stones with growing murmur and soon the roar of a cataract was
borne to their ears.

   “ We’ll be getting into a mess yet,” said Ford. “ Suppose we can’t get
over these falls we’re coming to? ”

   “ We won’t suppose anything of the kind,” returned Keeth briefly.
“I’ve got our old rope that did us such good service before.”
50

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

   Witliiu half an hour the noise of the falling water was so loud that they
were obliged to shout to each other any communication they might wish to
make. They had not been able to travel very rapidly, but were possibly
half a mile from the entrance. The water poured over a great slab of rock
and dropped a sheer fifteen feet. Keeth quickly looped his rope over a pro-
jecting knob and went down hand over hand. The water in which he landed
was only half way to his knees.

   “Come on!” he roared, waving his hand to his friends above, and
although they could not hear him they could see his motion in the light of
the torch he carried, so both followed him.

   Keeth again coiled the rope over his arm and they went on, now wading
in the water, for the passage had narrowed considerably. Sometimes the
roof became quite low and they had to stoop to pass through ; but nothing
turned them back. All three recognized the fact that this was their only
chance for liberty, and even Fitch made no audible complaint when he barked
his bare shins against the boulders.

   The water was ice cold in this cavern and the damp air chilled them to
the bone. It was almost a continual descent after they passed the. first fall,
and sometimes they were obliged to scramble down over the slimy rocks on
hands and knees ; at other times they could make use of Keeth’s rope.

   “ If we had to get out of here in a hurry I should pray for wings,”
shouted Ford, with a grin.

   At length they passed the cascades and went on through a straight tunnel
for several hundred yards. Keeth figured that they were nearly a mile from
the entrance. And then suddenly, without any warning, they arrived at the
end of the cave !

   They were in a circular chamber, the floor of which was sand, and into
this sand the waters of the brook sank. Not a solitary outlet appeared.
They were like flies in a bottle.

   “ Trapped, by Jove ! ” exclaimed Ford.

   Keeth’s face looked drawn and haggard. Fitch sat down upon a boulder,
puffing from his exertions. The sand below them looked damp and the
slime clung to the walls far above their heads. Not long since that pocket
had been full of water—probably during the last storm.

   “I’m afraid,” said Keeth slowly, “ that the poor devil who got into this
tunnel wasn’t Jose.”

   He leaped dowrn to the floor of the chamber. Instantly he sank knee
deep in the treacherous sand. He struggled to reach the rocks again, but
each step he took sank him deeper.

   “ You’ll have to help me out, boys ! ” he cried, and when Ford and the
trader hurried forward they found him already waist deep in the quicksand.

   “Don’t step down here, Ford!” Keeth warned the other. “There’s
no need of us both getting into it. Take that rope yonder and fling me one
end. You and Fitch will have to haul me out. ’ ’

   All the while he was speaking the treacherous sand was dragging him
down, and by the time he had got the rope knotted under his arms he had
sunk to his breast.
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

5i

    Just as they were about to pull on the rope Fitch held up his hand.

    “ What is it? ” demanded Ford, hanging stiffly upon the rope and cock-
ing up his ear to listen.

   A strange, muffled, moaning sound echoed down the tunnel. It died
away, then swelled again to a throbbing roar. The three men looked at one
another with startled faces.

    “ What the dickens is that?" demanded Ford, in an awed voice.

   Fitch shook his head; but a look of intelligence flashed into the
engineer’s face.

    “ For God’s sake pull me out, boys ! ” he gasped. “ It’s thunder ! ”

    His words startled his comrades into activity. They laid hold of the rope
with vigor, and after a deal of tugging managed to get him out upon the
solid rock again. But he was so weakened by the strain and chilled by the
exposure that he could scarcely stand.

    Again that same dismal moan, long drawn and fear inspiring, came down
the cavern, which acted like a speaking tube between them and the outer
world.

    “ Go back as fast as you can, boys,” said Keeth, struggling into a sitting
posture. “ Don’t wait for me. You know what these thunder storms in
the mountains are like. In a mighty short time this river will rise and
you’ll be drowned like rats in a hole.”

   “ And you--” cried Ford.

   “Don’t stop for me, man! I tell you it’s your only chance. Get up
where the tunnel’s broader.”

    “ Hi say ! ” cried Fitch. “ Hand leave you ? ”

    “ Hang it, man ! Why should you two risk your lives for me ? ”

   “And hang you!” exclaimed Ford. “What do you take us for?.
We’ll carry you if you can’t walk.”

    They seized him, despite his objections, and staggered up the tunnel.
The muttering of the thunder was now an intermittent roar. Were they in
time? They were not sure, for, as they issued from the cul-de-sac, they
heard the water coming down the rocks with a different noise from that it
had made a few moments ago. Clearly the storm was beginning to tell upon
the stream, and the work of- recrossing the pools and climbing the slippery
rocks, especially with Keeth so helpless, looked desperately hard.

   Keeth demanded that they set him down, after having been hauled up
the first incline. The rough exercise had warmed his stiffened limbs and he
pushed on as rapidly as his companions. But each moment the water in-
creased in depth. Where they had before walked dry shod it was already
over their ankles.

   At the first cascade Ford climbed up alone, wasting several precious
miuutes in the trial, for he was not as active as Keeth. The latter, when
once his friend was on the rock above, flung him the end of the rope. But
he was not successful in the first cast. Ford should have taken the rope up
with him, but he didn’t think of that in his hurry. Keeth made a second
attempt and the rope fell back upon Fitch and knocked the torch from his
hand.
52

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

   It went out in the water with a hiss, and they were left in total darkness.
Had they another dry one ? And when that was found, had they dry
matches ? Ford and Fitch had not, but Keeth found a single lucifer in his
match safe, and after a few minutes of styx-like darkness they had the
cheering presence of a flaming torch again. Then Keeth again cast the rope,
this time with success.

   Fitch swarmed'up like a performing elephant, and with his aid Ford was
enabled to assist Keeth to the top of the cascade. The water was now
sweeping down the tunnel waist deep. They hurried on, sometimes plung-
ing into holes to their armpits, and barking their legs sadly on the
hidden rocks. But Keeth held the torch high above his head and managed
to keep it alive.

   At last they arrived at the bottom of the highest cascade—the first one
they had encountered upon entering the tunnel. The water was tumbling
down it and boiled at the bottom like a caldron. The three adventurers
looked at one another aghast. They could never climb up that rock, and it
was an open question whether Keeth, in his present exhausted condition,
could throw the rope over the knob of rock where it had been looped when
they descended.

   The water swirled around them and almost carried them off their feet by
its force. The thunder still echoed, and reechoed through the tunnel. The
storm was at its height.

   Suddenly at the top of the cascade, amid the driving spray, appeared
a face—a wild, haggard face, which peered down at them with bloodshot
eyes.

   “ What is it ? ” gasped Ford, shrinking back from the sight.

   The creature waved its arm and fortunately Keeth understood the sign.
He coiled the rope quickly and tossed it upward. The claw-like hands of
the strange looking being clutched it and looped it over the jagged spur of
rock. Keeth, inspired by the discovery he had made, seized the rope and
went up, hand over hand. He was breathless when he reached the top and
was thankful for the assistance of the stranger in getting upon the rock.

    ‘ ‘ Queek ! de others ! ’ ’ cried his rescuer in his ear.

   But Ford was already half way up the rope, and when he was by their
side they laid hold of the hemp together and hauled Fitch from the bottom
of the cascade. The torch had been lost again and they were in darkness.

   “ Follow—queek ! ” muttered the strange man. “ The wrater will be over
our heads in a moment. Come ! ”

   He darted along the narrow shelf on which they stood and the three
breathless men followed him. In the darkness of the cavern the outlines of
the stranger looked like those of a huge ape.

   In a moment they came to a crack in the wall—a crack so narrow that
they had passed it by unnoticed in their descent into the tunnel. Their
guide squeezed through this opening and Keeth and Ford followed him.
Poor Fitch had to be fairly pulled through the crack by main force.

   They found themselves in a narrow corridor, branching off at a right
angle from the bed of the river. The floor at first slightly inclined upward.
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

53

In a few moments they reached a good sized room, in the middle of which a
small fire was burning. Their guide went quickly to a pile of fuel in one
corner and threw an armful on the blaze. The flames flashed up instantly
and illuminated the place, revealing the features of all.

   Keeth and his two comrades stared at the scarcely human looking
figure of their rescuer. He was clad in a few shreds of garments, the original
nature of which it was scarcely possible to guess. His bare arms were lean
and his hands like claws. His gaunt, drawn face seemed familiar, yet it was
only Keeth who was sure of his identity. He walked quickly forward and
placed his hands upon the shoulders of the attenuated creature.

    “ Jose ! ” he exclaimed, “ how did you get here? ”

Chapter XIV.—Once More Imozene.

   Fitch uttered an imprecation and fell back against the wall of the cav-
ern, utterly unable to properly express his astonishment.

   “It’s never Jose Rodriguez!” exclaimed Ford, scarcely above a
whisper.

   “Si, senor—eet indeed ees,” responded the strange looking individual
hoarsely.

    “ Alive? ” cried Ford again, scarcely willing to believe his eyes.

   “Don’t be a goose, Ford,” said Keeth good naturedly. “Of course
he’s alive, though he looks more like a ghost than a human being.”

   “ I haf eaten leetle for weeks,” explained the Spaniard simply. “ Only
such food as I could pick up in the herdsmen’s huts yonder.”

   “ And we’ve been living on the fat of the land,” said Ford. “ Haven’t
we some food here, Keeth? ”

    “ I lost my pack when I got into that quicksand,” returned the engineer.

‘ ‘ Perhaps Fitch has something. ’ ’

    “ Food hand torches ’ave all gone,” declared the Cockney, still staring at
Rodriguez with protruding eyeballs.

   “Everything was swept away in the rush of the w'aters,” said Keeth,
with disappointment, “ but we will get more.”

    ‘ ‘ How ? ’ ’ demanded Ford Kinsale.

   “ By going back to the town.”

   “ What—tonight? ” cried Ford.

   “It is already morning, senors,” said Rodriguez. v “The storm did not
arise till near midnight. When it began to rain I feared for you and hurried
down the tunnel to warn you.”

   “You hurried to warn us? ” repeated Keeth. “ Plow did you know we
were here ? Come, Jose, you must tell us your story. We have believed
you dead. We searched for you all along the shore below the spot where you
and that guide fell over the cliff. How did you get here ? And how long
have you been here ? ”

   “ The senor must wait. I cannot tell him all in a breath—eh, wha-at ? ”
responded the Spaniard, with a smile. “Eet us sit down about the fire. I
am easily chilled when I haf so leetle on. ’ ’
54

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

   “ We’re hall in the same box,” grunted Fitch, stretching his bare legs
out toward the fire.

   “ True, Senor Feeteh,” said Jose, with another broad smile. “ I did not
know you all in dose raiments—eh, wha-at ? I see you going into the mout’
of the tunnel yonder, but I not be quite sure it you. ’ ’

   ‘1 Then you were the man we saw flitting about the entrance of the pas-
sage ? ” interjected Keeth. “ We feared it was one of the Indians.”

    ‘ ‘ I haf been out into de valley many nights, ’ ’ said Jose. ‘ ‘ I haf try to
learn if you be captive among these people. That I not able to learn for
sure, though I know they haf somebody.”	'

   “ Come, tell us your story,” said Keeth.

   The Spaniard stretched himself upon a ragged bit of blanket beside the
fire, and with many gesticulations and “ Eh, wha-ats ? ” related his terrible
experience. He had fallen unhurt over the cliff in the desperate embrace of
the treacherous savage, but fortunately when they struck the water the In-
dian was underneath. The contact with the cold water loosed the guide’s
hold ; they sank together, but Jose alone rose. He was greatly weakened
by his struggle, and the swift current swept him down stream and around
the bend in the river in a very few moments. He did not get to the bank
until he had been carried quite two miles below the bridge, and then he was
so exhausted that he could scarcely crawl out of the water.

   He lay there by the river for most of that day, but before dark climbed
to the summit of the cliff. He had a'little food and his blanket. He cleaned
his revolvers and found plenty of ammunition for them in the waterproof
compartments of his belt. At sunrise the next morning he started in search
of his companions. He discovered the place where they had descended to
the shore of the river and saw the effects of the landslide which had shut off
their retreat to the top of the cliff. Knowing that they could not go down
the river, he followed along the stream, hoping to overtake them at some
point higher up.

   But he was a few hours behind them, and although he reached the
ruined and abandoned settlement of the Indians in time to see the party who
had captured his friends entering the forest, he was not quite positive that
Keeth and his companions were with them. But as the white men did not
appear at any point along the river shore, he believed they had been taken
prisoners, or that the Indians had massacred them.

   Alone though he was, he determined not to return to Hualpa without as-
suring himself on this point. He believed that he alone knew the secret en-
trance to the Indians’ valley, by which he had made his escape before.
Therefore he ventured into the labyrinth of subterranean galleries to the
tunnel through which flowed the little river which watered the inclosed val-
ley. In these galleries he had lurked all these weeks, hoping to obtain an
opportunity of speaking with the prisoners. But Keeth and his friends had
not been treated as he had been when he was a captive. The Indians had
shown him little mercy, as he was a Spaniard. He had been made to herd
the llamas and goats, and work with the women in the fields.

   “ I haf been as far as the town-at night, senors,” declared Jose, in con-
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

55

elusion ; “for these Indians set no watch except at the entrance to the val-
ley. But I not find where you was lodged. Now that you haf escaped we
will be off ver’ soon, and I, for one, hope nefer to see this place again.”

    “ But ’ow about that treasure? ” suggested Fitch, leaning forward.

   “ Ah, Senor Feetch, your experience haf not made you forget dat—eh,
wlia-at ? ”

   “ Hi should say not. I came out for it; Hi want to take some of it back
to pay me for wot Hi’ve been through.”

   “You shall haf your weesh, senor,” declared the Spaniard.

    “ But we can’t go without food,” said Ford.

    “ True,” responded Keeth. “ And another supply of torches, eh, Jose?”
    “ The senor speaks true. Torches we must haf.”

    ‘ ‘ But how will we get them ? ’ ’

    “ Do not these heathen gather in front of their temple to worship the sun
as it rises ? ”

     ‘ ‘ They do. ’ ’

    “ Then let us go at that time, enter some estado on the outskirts of the
town and take what we need.”

    “ When shall we do it ? ”

    “ Tonight,” replied Jose.

   “ ’Anged if Hi believe Hi could squeeze through that place again,” said
Fitch, nodding toward the narrow aperature by which they had gained en-
trance to their present abode. “ Hi was so scared then that Hi felt small
and slipped through easy.”

   “ ‘ Slipped through easy ! ’ ” exclaimed Ford, laughing. “ If I hadn’t
pulled like a yoke of steers, you’d be sticking there yet.”

    “ We not all go,” said Jose. “ Two of us a plenty, eh, Senor Keeth? ”
    “ Yes ; you and I, if you think you can stand it.”

   “Ver’ well. We will go. And now, senors, as we cannot eat, let us
sleep,” and the Spaniard followed out his own philosophical suggestion by
rolling up in the tattered blanket and dropping off at once. The others did
the same, and all four slept until late in the day.

   When they awoke Keeth and Ford, with a flaming brand from the fire,
went out through the narrow passage to the river. The water had subsided
and trickled peacefully along the rocky bed, falling over the first cascade with
a pleasant roar. They could scarcely realize that it was the same stream that
had threatened to overvvhelm them early in the morning.

   They walked out to the end of the tunnel and looked into the valley.
Nobody was in sight—not even the herdsmen. Of course their escape had
been discovered, but if their recent captors suspected that they had entered
the tunnel they doubtless believed that the sudden tempest which had broken
over the valley had raised the river to such a height as to drown their
prisoners.

   They went back to their comrades and waited in the side chamber, with
such patience as they could command, for the time to come for the raid upon
the stores of the Indians. Fitch dozed ; but the three younger men felt their
situation too keenly to admit of that. They sat in silence, for the most part,
56

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

until past midnight. Then Jose declared it time they started, and shaking
hands with Ford and letting the sleeping Fitch lie undisturbed, he and Keeth
went out.

    They were both armed with revolvers, and their last act before leaving
the retreat was to make sure that the weapons were in perfect order.

    “ I hope we won’t have to use them,” said Keeth, as they set off ; “ but
if we should happen to need ’em, we’ll need ’em bad.”

    They made their way to the mouth of the tunnel, and after assuring them-
selves that there were none of their enemies lurking near, they slipped out
of the passage and set off up the valley in the direction of the town. The
mist lay heavy upon the ground, and out of this gray cloud occasionally
appeared the elongated shadow of a stray llama, quietly feeding. They saw
no herdsmen ; if they had, they would scarcely have been challenged ; for
in the dim light Keeth looked like an Indian himself, and ‘jose looked as
much like one as he did like anything human.

   The eastern sky was already aglow when they reached the edge of the
group of stone buildings about the temple. Like two shadows they crept
behind one of the houses and crouched down to wait for the people to gather
on the plaza. They could hear the occupants of the house stirring and soon
the beating of the brazen gongs on the temple porch denoted that the time
for the morning sacrifice was near at hand. The people left their houses
and hurried to the place.

    When the sound of the sandals had died away the two fugitives ventured
into the house. On a stone slab beside the fireplace were bread and meat
which the woman had prepared for the family breakfast. Keeth seized a
blanket and wrapped the food in it.

    Then they entered another house, and another, in each finding food but
few torches. It was quite necessary that they should have plenty of light
wood, for Jose declared the caverns through which he proposed to lead
them to be a veritable labyrinth, and the only manner by which they might
find their way was by marks he had made upon the walls.

    But the houses seemed all deserted, and as long as the people remained in
the temple court they might search for what they needed unmolested. They
went from house to house as coolly as though nearly a thousand savages were
not gathered within a few rods of them. Finally, from one place and another,
Jose managed to collect a goodly bundle of torches. These he strapped upon
his back, so as to leave his hands free ; Keeth had already done the same
with his package of provisions.

    “ Now come on,” whispered the latter. “ We’ll get out before they be-
gin their pow-wow. ’ ’

    But in going back they passed within sight of the plaza. The open space
before the temple was choked with people, but all standing as motionless as
graven images. It was growing lighter now and the fugitives could see
across the plaza to the group of priests upon the temple porch. The great
gongs ceased their clangor, and as they gazed the crowd of white robed priests
parted and a figure dressed in savage magnificence swept down the steps to

•	the altar. It was Gonnatzl.
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

57

   Keeth halted and clutched his companion by the arm.

   “ Wait,” he said breathlessly. “ That is the new high priest. Let us
see what follows.”

    “ We shall be discovered, senor,” whispered Jose.

   “Not yet.”

    The light of the torches which attendants held upon either hand fell full
upon the noble figure of the young Indian. Massive gold bands covered his
arms, and great bars of gold hung from his ears. The cloak which swept the
steps behind him flashed a dozen lovely shades. It was made of the brilliant
plumage of the paroquet and a chain of dull gold links held it upon his
shoulders.

   After standing a moment in silence the prince began to speak. His
powerful voice penetrated to the farthest side of the plaza and every word
was easily distinguished by Keeth. His first few sentences held the fugitive
enthralled. Gonnatzl was arraigning the Princess Imozene for the escape of
the three white men !

   Keeth could hear murmurings of anger break out among the assembly as
the wily Gonnatzl went on. The man accused her of forsaking her own
people for the love of one of the white prisoners. Keeth’s face burned and
his hand clutched the butt of his pistol as he listened to the foul accusations.
He blamed himself now—oh, how bitterly !—for leaving the girl to the mercy
of her people. Yet, at the time, he had believed he was doing right.

   Suddenly a rosy beam of light filtered through the fog. The sun was
rising. At a motion from Gonnatzl the torches were extinguished and the
people commenced a wild, fierce chant. The crow'd of priests above him
separated and a slight, shrinking figure was pushed forward. It was Imozene !

   The high priest seized her by the shoulder and dragged her forward to
the altar. Her wrists were knotted together behind her back and her cloth-
ing had been half torn from her body. With a quick twist of his muscular
arm Gonnatzl threw her back upon the altar, and just as the first beam of the
sun struck full upon him he poised the huge sacrificial knife above her bared
breast.

   He drew back the knife for the awful stroke. The assembly was hushed
again.

   Suddenly the crack of a pistol shattered the silence. A tiny red mark
appeared in the center of the high priest’s forehead and he staggered back a
step. The knife fell clattering to the pavement, and swinging around with
blindly groping hands Gonnatzl dropped at full length beside the altar.

   The awed hush was broken by frightened screams of women and the
hoarse cries of men. Several of the priests rushed forward to their fallen
leader ; but again the crack of the revolver rose above the tumult. One and
then another fell, or staggered back in agony as the leaden messengers reached
their marks. The fusillade continued. They could see nothing—not even
the smoke of the discharge. Simply the whiplike crack of the weapon and
the dropping of those about the altar—that was all.

   The cries of the assembly rose to a terrified shriek. They scattered
through the lanes and alle}’S of the town. The priests darted back into
58

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

the temple, leaving their dead and wounded companions heaped about the
altar.

   Suddenly a figure leaped out from the shelter of a house and ran across
the deserted court. It was Keeth ; but the fusillade of pistol shots did not
cease, for Jose stood at the corner of the building and fired at the last dis-
appearing Indians.

   The American reached the altar in an instant. He whipped out his
knife and cut the bonds of the victim of the Indians’ fanatical rage. He
raised her in his arms and turned to fly. But the girl’s eyes were closed
and she lay a dead weight against his breast.

   Was she dead ? Had the horror of the awful experience through which
she had passed snapped the frail thread of life ? Keeth tried to feel if her
heart beat, but in his horror he was unable to discover the faintest flutter.

   “ My God ! she is dead ! ” he thought, and staggered down from the
altar. “ She is dead ! ” he repeated, and pressed his lips to the closed lids
and pallid cheeks.

   And then, as though his touch had called her back to life, the eyes
opened and she gazed up into his own.

   “ My lord,” she whispered, in wonder, “ is it thou? ”

   Suddenly Jose’s voice rang out across the plaza :

   “ Como, seno> ! Que desea f* They are coming back. Queek ! ”
   Aroused by these words Keeth recrossed the court and joined his comrade.

   “We haf not a moment to lose ! ” cried Jose. “ What do you wit’ the
the senorita ? ’ ’

   “She goes with us,” replied Keeth, between his teeth. “If I cannot
escape with her, I’ll not escape at all.”

   They ran toward the edge of the town, but before they reached the open
country the brazen gongs of the temple clanged forth a summons for the re-
gathering of the populace. Soon they would be pursued, and Keeth strained
every effort to keep pace with his more fleet footed companion.

Chapter XV.—At Last the Treasure.

   Keeth will never forget that race in the dusk of the early morning. A
great mass of drab cloud obscured the face of the lately risen sun, and the
fog still lay thick upon the valley. The damp mist wrapped them about like
a blanket and hid. them from the eyes of the savages.

   They met none of their enemies during the flight down the valley. They
were all behind. But the loud notes of the brazen gongs rang in their ears
till they reached and entered the tunnel.

   Keeth was panting from exhaustion ; but he would not set Imozene down
until they were well into the subterranean passage. Jose drew his match safe
from a ragged pocket and lit one of the torches. With this flaming over his
head he led the way. The American followed him, still bearing most of the
girl’s weight upon his arm.

   “ My lord,” she said, “ where are we going? ”

    *	“ Come, senor ! What do you want? ”
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

59

    “ Do you fear to trust yourself to me, Imozene ? ” he asked.

   She halted in the rough path and cast her arms about his neck. “ Not
now, my lord, for I know thou lovest me.”

    “ Not even if I tell thee thou wilt never see thy people again? ”

   She shuddered. ‘ ‘ They are no longer my people. If I follow thee to
the abode of the gods, it were better ! ’ ’

   “ Then thou shalt go to my people, Imozene,” he said, and they went on
again, hand in hand.

   Ford was waiting for them at the entrance of the side passage, anxious
because of their long absence. When he saw Imozene several different emo-
tions struggled for the mastery in his face at once ; but something in Keeth’s
eye warned him to restrain his natural impulse to chaff. They all four en-
tered the inner chamber and awoke Fitch. Before anything else was done or
said Keeth briefly related what had occurred in the town, and the circum-
stances which led to Iniozene’s presence with them.

   “ Hand you did just right, Mr. Keeth ! ” declared Fitch. “ Them bloody
devils ! Hi’m only sorry Hi didn’t get a shot at ’em myself. D’ye think
there’s henny likelihood of their attacking us here? ”

   “ I don’t know,” returned Keeth.

   “ We will not give them the chance,” said Jose. “ We will stop up the
entrance to tliees place and then go on t’rough the caverns to the river.
Come, senors ! at once. ’ ’

   He naturally took the lead, and with Ford’s and Keeth’s assistance set
about closing the entrance of their retreat. From some dark part of the
chamber he produced a rudely wrought iron bar and with its aid pried sev-
eral bulky boulders into the passage. These they ‘ ‘ chocked ’ ’ with smaller
stones, finally completing a barrier that would cause their enemies much
trouble in breaking down, even providing they discovered the fugitives’ re-
treat. Then, with the bar in one hand and a blazing torch in the other, Jose
led his little party deeper into the bowels of the mountain.

   “ Thees rock is soft, senor,” he said to Keeth. “ Some time—long past
—the water carve out these passages. They lead down—down—down till
they reach the level of the river. The ancestors of these Indians perhaps
used thees way ver’ mooch—quien sabe ? ”

   Imozene looked about her in wonder as they passed down the echoing
aisles ; yet she recognized the place from the traditions of her people.

   “My lord,” she said, “are not these the lost treasure caves of my
people ?’ ’

   “So we believe,” replied Keeth. “Our friend, yonder—he who bears
the mark upon his face—discovered this way of escape when he ran from thy
people months ago. It will now prove our salvation. ’ ’

   As they went on they had often to halt and examine with interest the
carven walls and hideously sculptured columns which upheld the roof of the
caverns. In some apartments were rude forges and iron and bronze imple-
ments which showed the early occupants of the caverns to have possessed no
inconsiderable knowledge of metal working. Fitch was in a continual state
of amazement.
6o

A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

   “ Hi wouldn’t ’ave believed hit ! ” he kept repeating. “ Hi cyn’t believe
them niggers ever did all this.”

   In one great cave, the roof of which arched above their heads like the
dome of a subterranean St. Peter’s, Jose led them to a point in the wall where
a seam of glittering quartz, quite two feet wide, was laid bare from base to
roof. It flashed back the light of the torches most dazzlingly. It was a
vein of gold !

   A little further on they passed into a smaller chamber through a crumbling
doorway. The door itself lay upon the floor, but the lintels were still well
preserved, showing how slight the action of the atmosphere had been upon
them during the centuries since they were placed there. The air was per-
fectly dry and sweet throughout the cave.

   “ Senors,” exclaimed Jose, waving the torch around his head, “feast
your eA'es upon the treasures of the Incas ! ”

   The walls were covered with rude picture writing. But these attracted
no attention from his comrades. On the floor were heaped hundreds of bar:?
of metal such as Jose had shown them that day on the trail to Hualpa.
They were of gold -pure, virgin gold !

   Fitch and Ford Kinsale fairly cast themselves upon the ground before the
treasure. But to Keeth the gold seemed of smaller moment now.

   “Why, man! what ails you?” demanded Ford, looking up at him.
“ Don’t you see we’re rich for life? ”

   ‘1 Providing we can get away with enough of hit,” interposed Fitch, hand-
ling the bars almost caressingly.

   “ I see,” returned Keeth ; “ but Imozene here is laughing at you. She
doesn’t consider the stuff worth much, and I don’t know but she’s more than
half right.”

   “ Fol-de-roll ! ” exclaimed Fitch. “When a man has a chance to make
his fortune in a moment, he’ll do it—even you, Mr. Keeth.”

   “ For my part,” said Ford determinedly, “ I shall take all the stuff with
me I can carry, and I advise you to do the same. ’ ’

   “ You’re right, Mr. Kinsale,” the trader said. “ Hit’s a crime to waste
a hopportunity like this, Hi say ! ”

   And it was so. When they left the treasure room the next morning
every man was loaded down with bars of gold, Keeth as heavily as the rest.
He remembered that money would be a good thing after all, if he was going
to take Imozene back to New York with him. They found upon the floor
of the chamber not a few valuable stones as well, and had not prudence for-
bade their longer remaining, they would have explored other portions of the
labyrinth.

   Near noon of the second day they emerged from a narrow defile, which
was a continuation of the main gallery of the cavern, and found themselves
upon the wooded, gently sloping bank of a river. The towering cliffs and
peaks were at their back, and the low foothills to the east scarcely obstructed
their view of the horizon. They had passed through the mountains and
were many and many a league from Hualpa.

   After careful discussion they decided that to try to reach the town as
A PERUVIAN PARADISE.

61

Jose had would be a matter of great difficulty, and at Keeth’s suggestion
they constructed a stout raft and set sail upon it, supposing that the stream
would turn out to be a branch of the Huallaga, and that they would reach
some settlement upon its banks.

    It proved, however, to be a branch of an entirely different river, and after
sailing for three days and nights they entered a stream so broad that Fitch
declared it to be one of the main arms of the Amazon. And he was right,
though it was not until nearly a fortnight that they arrived at a trading
station where his opinion was verified.

   Being already so far from the Pacific coast, they decided to follow the
current to the east, and after purchasing a large “ w’ood skin ” and plenty
of arms and ammunition, and hiring a member of an interior tribe for a guide,
they pursued their way down the great river. Four months after making
their escape from the Incas’ cave they arrived at Santarem, where they were
able to get passage in a sailing vessel to Para, and from that city took steamer
for New York.

   It was nearly eight months from that eventful morning when Imozene
was the intended victim of the Incas’ awful sacrificial ceremony, that the
steamship reached New York quarantine. Fight months’ daily intercourse
with her companions, and proper habiliments which had been obtained for
her at one of the Amazon river towns, had changed her appearance wonder-
fully. She had learned to speak English, too, with a most charming accent,
and Keeth, who had cabled his sister from Para, was not at all doubtful
as to the impression Imozene would make when she came aboard to welcome
them.

   The bars of gold had been exchanged for drafts in Santarem and Para,
and after negotiating for the sale of most of the uncut gems which they had
brought with them, Fitch and Jose Rodriguez sailed for Liverpool, the
former to dazzle the eyes of his Cockney relatives, and the Spaniard to return
to his native country.

   Ford Kinsale and Keeth bought homes near each other close to New
York. Kinsale once in a while talks about going back to Peru with a larger
party and exploring the Incas’ cave further, and seeing if something
cannot be done toward reopening and working the abandoned mines of the
ancient tribe. It would mean wealth untold, but nevertheless Keeth always
does his best to discourage such suggestions. He cannot forget old Inzalkl’s
warning, or the prophetic vision he himself beheld while under the priest’s
hypnotic influence.

   And then, Ford doesn’t talk near as much about journeying to the uncivil-
ized portions of the globe as he did. Keeth’s sister, who finds that she is no
longer so necessary to her brother’s comfort now that he is married,
has consented to give more of her attention to Ford, which satisfies him far
better than anything the field of exploration has to offer.

                                                           W. Bert Foster.

THE END.
SULLIVAN JONES’ BOARDERS.

How the plans of two gentlemanly rascals were neatly thwarted by a pair of clever boys.—
A successful robbery followed by an equally successful capture.

I.

\\7 ITH a long, shrill whistle, which echoed through the Kittatinny Gap,
and a glare from its headlight that danced and glimmered far across
the water and then vanished in the deep shadow of Cove Mountain, the
night mail swept around the Narrows and thundered up to the little station
at Dauphin.

    A brief pause, a pull at the bell rope, and it rushed on up the Northern
Central toward Sunbury, rattling through the village street, and spitting out
columns of red flame at spasmodic intervals.

    The station master, the telegraph operator, and half a dozen wildly dissi-
pated individuals who kept late hours, came to the door of the waiting room
and looked with eager curiosity at the two passengers who had just alighted.

   They were young men, both of them—thirty or thirty five one would say—
and they did not look unlike ; for each had a closely cropped yellow beard
and a drooping golden mustache. They wore neat fitting suits of rough
tweed and soft slouch hats, and each carried a big valise, a gun neatly cased,
and a bunch of fishing rods.

   Sportsmen from the city evidently, and just such men as could be found
every season down at Rockville or up above the Clark’s Ferry dam, where
the fishing was best. But to find them at Dauphin was more of a rarity, for
although the fishing is equally good the river here is dangerous and full of peril.

   The two strangers paid no heed to the crow'd in the doorway, and sought
no information, but after a short consultation lifted their valises and started
quietly down the road.

   Without hesitation they crossed the Stony Creek bridge in the darkness,
and pulled up a moment later at the old tavern. It was only half past ten,
but within all was dark and silent.

    “ This is the place, Jim,” said one of them.

   “ Yes, I believe so. We’ll make sure, though.”

   He struck a match, and holding it up to the weatherbeaten sign that
creaked over the entrance, he read in faded letters :

STONY CREEK TAVERN.
Stjlwvan Jones.

As the match died out they stepped across the porch and rapped sharply
on the door. Twice they repeated it, and at the third summons an upper
SULLIVAN JONES' BOARDERS.

63

window was raised, and the harsh voice of Mr. Sullivan Jones hitnself
answered : “ What’s wanted down thar ? ’

    The men stepped off the porch and looked up.

    “ Are you Mr. Jones? ” said one.

   “That’s my name, sir.”

   “Ah, well. You perhaps recollect an inquiry some time ago from the
city concerning accommodations for two fishermen. We are the parties who
wrote you.”

    “ Waal, waal. Is that so? I had no idee you was cornin’. Just wait a
minit, will ye ? ”

   The window was slammed down, and soon a light shone and a commotion
was heard in the house, and then the door was opened and Mr. Jones ushered
his guests inside, slamming the door in the face of the inquisitive group from
the station who had followed on behind.

   Before eight o’clock the next morning all Dauphin had passed and
repassed by the tavern door, much to the glory of old Jones, who smoked his
pipe on the porch and smiled kindly on the villagers. It was nearly noon,
however, when the new arrivals condescended to come down stairs, and,
while they were partaking of a late breakfast in the special dining room, the
crowd flocked into the combined barroom and office and read on the pages
of the register—which book, by the way, had been opened thirty years be-
fore and was nearly a quarter full—the neatly inscribed entries, on which the
ink was hardly dry :

                  J. Mayne Prior, New York.

              Douglas R. Mortlock, New York.

    While old Jones attends to the wants of the thirsty crowd in the barroom,
we jvill take a glance at the important individuals at breakfast.

    In the light of day they appear a little older perhaps, and the expression
of their uneasy gray eyes would impress a close observer of character rather
unfavorably. There is an indefinable something that rather detracts from the
gentle appearance of those soft beards and mustaches.

    “All right so far,” says Mr. Prior, as he dissects a tempting omelette.

    “ Yes,” responds Mr. Mortlock, who is slowly sipping his coffee. “ The
outlook is favorable, and as for the people with whom our lot is cast I must
confess they appear childlike and bland to a marked degree.”

   Breakfast over, the two go out and smoke their cigars on the porch.
The afternoon is devoted to getting on the right side of the citizens,
which is speedily accomplished by a general invitation to appear before the
bar, and before nightfall Dauphin has unanimously declared the strangers to
be two of the most perfect gentlemen that ever graced the town with their
presence.

    They prove to be enthusiastic sportsmen, and under the expert guidance
of Mr. Jones, who is an oracle on angling, they spend the next few days in
fishing for bass around the piers of the old bridge, but strange to say if is old
Jones who catches all the fish. They do a little gunning for snipe, too, and
in the evening they come out on the tavern porch, and listen to the some-
what remarkable conversations that take place, for Dauphin is at present the
64

SULLIVAN JONES’ BOARDERS.

headquarters for a large force of men who are relaying the Pottsville division
of the Reading Road which was almost entirely destroyed in a recent flood.

II.

   Up along the river road at a cozy little farm house, Tom Lurgan and
Charlie Rogers were spending a two weeks’ vacation. They both had posi-
tions in a large clothing store in Harrisburg, and chose this way of passing
their holidays from reasons of economy.

   It was Saturday evening and they were on their way down to the post
office to get their mail.

   “ Do you know, Charlie,” said Tom abruptly, “ I would give a good deal
to know what those two men are doing in Dauphin. They have been here
now for nearly a week and they know very little about fishing, for I don’t be-
lieve either of them has caught a bass yet, though they go out on the river
every day. ’ ’

   “It is strange,” replied Charlie. “Did you notice they can’t even
handle their rods right ? ”

   “ Yes,” continued Tom, “ and I discovered a very queer thing yesterday.
You know young Carson down by the lock? Well, he says this man Mort-
loclc bought an old boat and a pair of oars from him, and has it hidden
among the rocks down at the foot of the wall somewhere near the curve.
Carson took it down for him, and Mortlock said he wanted to use it to go
fishing early in the morning. It may be very foolish and all that, but I can’t
help feeling that these men are here for a purpose. We will keep our eyes
open, anyhow.”

   When the boys reached the post office, early as it was, the tavern porch
across the way was filled, and the crowd were singing scraps of songs.

   “What’s up tonight ? ” asked Tom.

   “Well,” replied the postmaster, “you see it’s pay night, an’ they’re
feelin’ purty good. They haven’t been paid fur nigh onto three weeks or
more, an’ tonight the paymaster comes down here with the stuff.”

   “ When does he get here ? ” asked Tom.

   ‘ ‘ Well, let me see. The pay car reaches Ellendale Forge at half past
seven. From there the road ain’t been tested yet, so the paymaster takes
the hand truck an’ comes on down ter Dauphin on that. I believe he goes on
down ter Rockville an’ Harrisburg, an’ pays the men off there, too. He’ll
get here in an hour or too, for it’s half past six now.”

   “ Much obliged,” said Tom, and the boys left the post office.

   As they crossed over toward the tavern, a man came running up ex-
citedly from the direction of the station. It was Mike Malley, the road fore-
man.

   “ Stir yourselves,” he shouted to the loungers on the porch. “ Thar’s a
landslide up at Powel’s Creek, an’ the bridge is gone, an’ the wires cut off.
Thar’s no time to lose, so come on now, all of you. We must do all we kin
tonight yet.”

   Some grumbling followed this startling piece of news.
SULLIVAN JONES’ BOARDERS.

65

   “ Whar’d you hear all that ? ” cried some one.

   “ Down at the station,” cried Mike. “ The operator found he was shut
off, an’ then a trackman from Powel’s Creek come down the river in a boat,
an’ told me. He went on down to tell the gang at Rockville. But, come on
now7, we must beat the Rockville gang, sure.”

   The men jumped up and hurried down to the station, where half a dozen
hand cars lay on a side track, while a lot of the villagers, out of mere
curiosity, started to walk up the river to the scene of the disaster at Powel’s
Creek.

   It all happened so quickly that when the boys reached the tavern it was
deserted and Sullivan Jones was standing 011 the porch wearing a somewhat
sour expression on his wrinkled features, for he had counted on a very busy
evening.

   “ We want a couple of your best cigars,” said Tom, and then following
him back to the bar he added, “ Where are your two boarders tonight, Mr.
Jones ? ”

   The tavern keeper handed' out the box and then said slowly :

   “ They’ve gone fishin’ up Stony Creek. Started ’bout half an hour ago
in Abe Miller’s boat. They’re mighty fine fellers, but blamed ef they know
much about fishin’. Why, they went for pike with a big cork an’ a can of
worms,” and Mr. Jones shook his head as he tapped a bottle of birch beer
for the postmaster who had just entered and called for his favorite beverage.

   The boys left the tavern, and bidding Charlie wait a moment on the porch,
Tom ran up to a store a few doors above and purchased a red light left over
from the Fourth of July stock. He stowed it away in his pocket and hurried
back to the tavern.

   “ I have an idea, Charlie,” he said hurriedly. “ I can’t take time to tell
you. Come on along quick. ”

   They hastily crossed the bridge and turned up along the railroad.

   Stony Creek dam lay on their left, but no fishermen could be seen on its
broad surface. Half a mile further it ended abruptly, and the boys forced
their way down through the bushes to the point where the creek entered the
dam from above.

   Pulled up in the bushes lay the boat, the rods and the can of worms still
resting on the seat, but 110 trace Of the fishermen.

   Tom’s face paled for an instant.

   “ By Jove, Charlie,” he cried, “ I see it all. Those men are going to rob
the paymaster ! L,ook here now,” he continued excitedly, “ we must do
something. If I was only certain it W'as right we could alarm the village and
capture these fellows in their own trap. But there is the rub. Suppose
there is nothing in it after all ? I thought of that so I bought this red light
at the store. Now listen, Charlie, here’s what you must do. Go back to
Dauphin and stay around the station where you can see up the valley. I
will hurry 011 ahead. It will soon be dark now, and the paymaster ought to
get here in less than an hour. If I discover anything I will run up on the
side of the mountain and touch off this red light, and as soon as you see the
signal, alarm the village, and send them up the valley as fast as they can go.

      (e)
66

SULLIVAN JONES' BOARDERS.

You know what to do now, so hurry back, and keep a sharp lookout and
leaving- Charlie standing by the boat Tom plunged into the bushes.

III.

   Tom kept on for a mile or more and then it began to grow dark. He
felt that he was in a situation of peril, for if robbery was the object of these
men they would hardly hesitate at murder to accomplish their plans, and the
more he pondered over it the more certain he felt that his suspicious were
justified, for all the circumstances pointed just that way.

   He was now nearly two miles up the valley. It was rapidly growing
dark, and as yet he had seen and heard nothing. A few feet above him, up
a little embankment, lay the railroad track with the mountain rising steep
beyond. Not far ahead, round a slight curve, the creek ran in between the
mountain and the railroad and was crossed by an open trestle work. Tom
stopped a moment. All was silent. But hark !

   A low, grating sound rises in the distance. It comes closer, becomes
louder, and up above his head the rails begin to sing faintly.

   Tom quickly forced his way up the bank, through the thorny blackberry
bushes, and peered cautiously out. It had grown suddenly dark in the last
minute, and he can only see an indistinct form rolling round the curve above
him. It rushes on swifter and swifter, and with a whirr like the rising of
quail, the velocipede hand car dashes past him in the gloom, with two
motionless figures on the seat. Tom drew a long breath and stepped out
from his place of concealment. What a fool he was to be sure ! All this
trouble and worry for nothing. He turned down the track toward Dauphin,
when suddenly a thought strikes him—a thought that brings him to a stand-
still and makes his blood run cold. He turned and hurried up the track.
He rounded the curve, approached the trestle work, and stood looking down
on the shallow bed of Stony Creek. A cry of horror and he leaped down
the embankment.

   Two motionless forms lay among the stones, dead, to all appearances ; but
placing his hand on the breast of the man neai'est him, Tom felt the heart
beat faintly. He pulled him to a sitting position and dashed water on his
face again and again, and finally with a moan of pain the man opened his
eyes and closed them again wearily.

   The other lay partly in the water. No sign of life was visible, and, drag-
ging the body to the shore, Tom rushed up the bank, and with frantic leaps
fairly flew up the face of the mountain.

   If he could only give the alarm in time ! The murderers must be near
Dauphin already.

   Half way up he stops. He scrapes a match on the rock. It burns and
goes out. The next one burns brightly and ignites the end of the red light.
A moment of suspense and then the ruddy scarlet glow flares up like a volcano.

IV.

   Charlie made his way slowly back to Dauphin. He was just a little
doubtful about this deadly plot of Tom’s, but he was equally suspicious
SULLIVAN JONES' BOARDERS.

67

of these strange fishermen, so he determined to be on the alert for Tom’s
signal.

   He sat down for a while 011 the old stone wall of the bridge, and watched
the water rushing under the arches. Once he heard a faint roaring sound
up the valley, like the rumble of a distant train, but it stopped suddenly.
He felt thirsty, and wanted a drink ; but he dared not leave his post.

   After a while the station master came down the road toward the village,
and as he reached the bridge a man on horseback galloped furiously down
the street.

   “ Hello Malley, what’s up? ” called the station master.

   The foreman pulled his horse up short.

   “ Is that you ? ” he cried. “ Has Darrel arrived yet with the money ? ”

    “ No ; he’s late tonight.”

   “ Good Lord ! ” cried Malley. “ Something’s wrong. There’s no land-
slide at Powel’s Creek at all. Hurry back to the station, quick ! ”

   The station master turned back with Malley, and for a moment Charlie
sat there, absolutely dazed; for all doubt was gone now7.

   Every second was precious. Malley and the station master were already
out of sight. Should he run to the station or to the tavern ? But no ; the
tavern was deserted. He had a better plan.

   Down at the canal, just above the lock, was a little inn, frequented by
boatmen, and here at night were to be found all the fishermen of the vil-
lage—strong, sturdy fellows, who sat on the benches, smoking and chatting.
He dashed over the bridge and down the road, and looking over his
shoulder as he ran, he saw behind him a red glare rising over the darkness of
the valley.

   He was close to the river now, for he could see lights shining down
toward Marysville. A few steps more, and he ran dowm to the bank of the
canal.

   No one was at the lock, but up at the inn the lamp was lit. In three
jumps he crossed the swinging bridge. A few yards more and-

   He sprang back in fright as two burly figures rose from the ground and
seized him. A gag was stuffed into his mouth, a cold pistol barrel w7as
pressed to his forehead, and, grasped by each arm, he was forced quickly
down the towpath.

   Unable to resist or make any outcry, he was hurried on under the shadow
of the old Susquehanna bridge, across a bar of yellow light that actually
streamed down from the station, where a loud commotion was already heard,
and then the three passed on into the deep shadows of the trees that fringed
the towpath.

   They were directly opposite the Narrow's now. On the left lay the canal,
dark with the reflected shadows of the mountain ; to the right, the wall of
rock, falling sheer and steep to the river—the famed Dauphin Rapids, that
boiled and raged in their rocky channel.

   Round the bend they stopped. It was moonlight now7, and Charlie easily
recognized Mr. Mortlock and Mr. Prior. Prior took the gag from his
mouth.
68

SULLIVAN JONES ’ BOARDERS.

   “ No noise, now,” lie said, tossing the revolver up and down in his hand.
‘ ‘ Can you guide a boat through these rapids ? ’ ’

   Charlie shook his head.

   “ You lie ! ” said Prior. “ You know the channel, and you must take
us across.”

   A yard beyond rude steps ran down the side of the wall. Prior took
the lead, pulling Charlie after him, and Mortloclc came behind, tugging at a
valise that seemed to be a terribly heavy burden.

   At the bottom Prior drew a boat from the bushes. They forced Charlie
to the middle seat, and then took their places, one at each end.

   “Now, then,” said Prior, “take those oars, and land us safely on the
other side below the Falls. No trifling, now, or you’ll make food for the
fishes ; ’ ’ and he handled the revolver in a suggestive way.

   There was no escape, so Charlie took the oars and pulled out into the
current. He was badly scared, but he still had his wits about him, and as
the boat glided ahead under his quick strokes he tried to think what to do.

   The robbers—murderers indeed, no doubt—intended to catch a train
somewhere on the other side. The satchel contained the stolen money.
They were desperate men, and to thwart them in their plans would be next
to impossible. The river was very low, and the channel was extremely
perilous. Little wonder the robbers had pressed a guide into their service.

   Bright as snow in the moonlight the rocks tossed up the foam and spray,
but with a cunning hand Charlie steered the boat among them, scraping dan-
gerously near at times, and then riding high on the crest of the waves. At
his back was Mortlock, with the valise, while Prior faced him, revolver still
in hand.

   Neither of them spoke as the passage was safely made through the first
dangerous rift, and when they reached a bit of calm water, Prior said :

   “Now mind, young fellow, no nonsense. Take us below the Falls all
right, and we’ll land you high and dry on the first island. Some one will
take you off in the morning. And not a word about this to any one ! ’ ’

   They were now half a mile above the Rockville Falls. In their rear lay
the scattered lights of Dauphin, while ahead, over the top of the great Rock-
ville bridge, a silvery white halo reflected from the electric lamps showed where
Harrisburg lay, five miles below.

   A spurt through the rapids again, and the boat shot beneath the bridge.
As they neared the Falls and the roar of the water increased, Prior looked
about him uneasily.

   The Rockville Falls are almost an unbroken line of gray rocks that
stretch in the form of a crescent a mile and quarter across the river. The
channels are known only to the old rivermen, and are dangerous at all times.

   In the center rises an unusually high group of rocks, running a few yards
above the Falls, and splitting the current into two streams, which sweep
around it on both sides with terrible velocity. Straight for this point Charlie
steered the boat, and as it shot with the swiftness of an arrow directly toward
the rocks, both men half rose in alarm.

   “ Now, then,” Charlie called out loudly above the roar of the water,
SULLIVAN JONES’ BOARDERS.

69

“ when the boat strikes, jump out. I will go over the Falls, and take you in
from below.”

   Prior made a motion of assent. No thought of trickery entered his head.
With a clever stroke Charlie carried the boat directly across where the current
split, and in an instant it grated heavily on the rocks. Prior and Mort-
lock made the jump safely, and the boat, freed of their weight, swung into
the current on the right. With a dizzy whirl it plunged into the seething
abyss of foam and spray, and shot over the Falls. It struck fair and square
below, and as the short, choppy waves smacked it on the sides, Charlie rose to
his feet, and then like a flash dived overboard.

   He rose gasping for breath and clutched the bow of the boat. A moment
of silent suspense, and then crack, crack, crack, the bullets pattered about
him while a terrible cry of rage burst from the baffled robbers bn the rock.

   He was out of danger in an instant, borne on by the fierce current, and
in a few moments he grounded on a grass bar.

   It was short work to turn the boat and empty it, and then with eager ex-
citement he pulled for shore. At Rockville he luckily caught the night
mail, and just as they were bringing Paymaster Darrel and his assistants into
the village on stretchers, he rushed among them dripping wet and breathless.

   A dozen boats started for the Falls, and two hours later they came back
with the robbers and the bag of money. Unable to swim, they were as se-
cure on the rocks as they would have been in prison, and without resistance
they surrendered.

   No one in Dauphin slept that night, and when Sunday morning dawned,
a ceaseless crowd flocked to the old tavern to shake hands with the brave
boys who had caused the capture of the robbers, while overhead in old
Jones’ best room the injured men came slowly back to life and consciousness.

   The robbers had thrown the car from the track by means of a big stone,
hurling the riders into the creek below, where they lay stunned and in shal-
low water. Then seizing the money and dragging the uninjured truck to the
rails, they actually rode down to the edge of the village, thus getting ahead
of Tom’s signal.

   The confederate who brought the false news of the landslide, and thus
cleared the coast for the robbers, was never discovered.

   Mr. Prior and Mr. Mortlock were promptly convicted and sent to the
penitentiary, and Tom Uurgan and Charlie Rogers received a present from
the railroad company that will enable them to spend their future vacations
where they please.

   Mr. Sullivan Jones still smokes his pipe on the tavern porch, and is always
willing to relate the whole story to the chance traveler who puts up at his
inn.

   “Yes, indeed,” he invariably adds at the close, “ appearances is a mighty
deceitful thing, an’ not to be relied on at all. “ Why, sir, you never seen in
your life two more perfect seemin’ gentlemen than them same Mr. Prior and
Mr. Mortlock, an’ yet, sir, they was bad to the core.”

                                             William Murray Gray don.
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.*

A tale of Moscow, the Nihilists, and the Czar—The extraordinary experiences of an Englishman
who assumes the name and obligations of a Russian army officer—Complications that
bring the bold adventurer within shivering distance of Siberia, and the tactics
which earn for him a notable nickname.

SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED.

    Hamylton Tregethner is an Englishman who has lived a great part of his life in Russia.
Deceived by the woman he loves, he is about to go to St. Petersburg to offer himself for the field
in the event of war with Turkey, hoping somebody will put a bullet through him, when at the
Moscow railway station he is approached by a stranger, Olga Petrovitch, who takes him for her
brother Alexis, to whom he bears a marvelous resemblance. This Alexis is a good for nothing
roysterer, a lieutenant in the Russian army. He has become involved in a quarrel with Major
Devinsky, who persecutes Olga with unwelcome attentions, and fearing to meet the major on
the dueling field, is about to flee in disguise. Tregethner becomes interested in the case, and
being reckless of what he does in any event, gives Alexis his passport as Hamylton Tregethner
and decides to remain in Moscow as Alexis Petrovitch. He fights the duel with Devinsky,
utterly routing him, but presently finds himself in a tangle because of a love affair his prede-
cessor had with Paula Tueski, the wife of the chief of police. She is deceived, as are all other
friends of the lieutenant, to say nothing of the Nihilists, witli whom it turns out he has had
dealings.

    One night he is summoned to a meeting in a house by the riverside. After being conducted
through devious ways, he finds himself in a room occupied by some thirty or forty men, each
carrying a knife. He is told that he has been brought there to die, whereupon he declares that
he will make it easier for them to kill him by giving up his revolver and baring the heart side of
his breast. A tall man seizes him in a grip like iron, and bends him backward so that either
his throat or his heart is at the mercy of the long knife he raises aloft.

Chapter VIII.—(Contimied.)—The Riverside Meeting.

   I LET no sound escape me and did not move a muscle. The next instant
my left hand was seized and a finger pressed on my pulse. In this position I
remained for a full minute. I do not believe that my pulse quickened, save
for the physical strain, by so much as one beat.

   “It is enough,” said the man who had before spoken ; and I was
released.

   “You are no coward,” he added, addressing me. “I withdraw that.
You can have your life, on one condition.”

   “ And that?”

  “ That j'ou swear-”

   “ I will swear nothing,” I interposed.

   “ You have taken the oath of fealty.”

“ I will swear nothing. Take my life if you like, but swear I will not.

This story began in the July, 1897, issue of The Argosy, which will be mailed to any

address on receipt of 10 cents.

    *	Copyright, 1897, by Arthur IV. Marchmont.
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

7i

If I had meant treachery, I should have had the police round us tonight like
a swarm of bees. You have had a proof whether I’m true or not; and when
I turn traitor, you can run a blade into my heart or lodge a bullet in my
brain. But oaths are nothing to a man who means either to keep or break
his word. What is the condition ? I told you mine before. ’ ’

   “ Yours is accepted. Your task is ”—here he sunk his voice and whis-
pered right into my ear—“ the death of Christian Tueski. ”

   “ I accept,” I answered readily. I would have accepted had they told
me to kill the Czar himself. • “ But it will take time. I will have no other
hand in it than mine. It is a glorious commission. Mine alone the honor
of success, and mine alone the danger, or mine alone the disgrace of fail-
ure.” I looked on the whole thing now as more or less of a burlesque ; but
I planned the part I had chosen as well as I could. And when the little"
puny rebel put out his hand in the darkness and clasped mine, I gripped his
with a force that made his bones crack, as if to convey to him the intensity
of my resolve, and my enthusiastic pleasure at the bloody work they had
allotted me.

   Then I was told to leave, and in a few minutes I was once more in the
open air, quite as undecided then, as I have always remained, as to what had
been the real intentions in regard to myself.

    One of my chief regrets was not to be able to see the burly giant who had
twisted me about on his knee as easily as I should a fowl whose neck I meant
to wring. He was indeed a man to admire, and I would have given much
for a sight of him.

   But my guide hurried me back through the labyrinth of streets into
respectable Moscow once more, and I was soon busy wondering how long
a shrift I should have before my new “ comrades ” would grow impatient for
me to act.

   Certainly they would have plenty of time for their impatience to grow
very cold before I should turn murderer to further their schemes. But I
could not foresee the strange chain of events which was fated to fasten on me
the new character that I had assumed so lightly and dramatically—the char-
acter of a desperate, bloodthirsty, and absolutely reckless Nihilist.

  Chapter IX.—Devinsky Again.

   It will be readily understood that I now found life exciting enough to
satisfy me. My complications multiplied so fast, without any act of mine,
that I had no time to think of the old troubles and disappointments which
had so soured Hamylton Tregethner. They had already faded into little
more than memories, associated with an existence that I had once lived but
had now done with altogether. I was getting rapidly absorbed by the dan-
gers and incidents of the new life.

   How completely I had changed the current of opinion about Alexis Petro-
vitch I had abundant evidence during the next few days, in the form of invi-
tations to houses which had hitherto been closed to me. People also began
to remember Olga, and she equally shared in the altered condition of things.
72

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

    I did not tell her any particulars of my night with the Nihilists, nor of
the mission with which I was charged. It would probably only distress her,
and could do no good ; unless I might find it necessary to use it to compel
her to leave Moscow. I questioned her as to her own connections with the
Nihilists, and from w'liat she told me I saw that, though they wrere slight in
themselves, they were enough to put her in the power of a woman such as
Paula Tueski, and emphatically much more than sufficient to make her ar-
rest a certainty if I were to be arrested, or if anything should happen to
throw increased suspicion on me.

   Our meeting after her letter to me was a very pleasant one. She came
up to me with a smile and begged me again to forgive her. That was not
difficult.

   “ I can speak frankly to a brother now. I couldn’t always, you know,
Alexis,”—she glanced with roguish severity into my face—“ because a few
days ago you used to get very bad tempered, and even swear a little. But
I’ll admit you are improving—in that respect; though I am afraid you are
as dogged as ever. But I can be dogged, too; and if I speak frankly now, it
is to tell you that nothing you can do will make me go out of Russia until
you are safe. You may form what opinion you like of me—though I don’t
want that to be very bad—but a coward you shall never find me.”

   “I didn’t think you a coward. You know that; you said it in your
letter ; and I shall not forgive that rudeness of yours, if you persist in this
attitude.”

    “ What is the use of a brother if one can’t be rude to him, pray ? As for
your forgiveness, you can’t help that now. You’ve given it. Besides, on
reflection, I should not be frightened of you. Will you make me a promise ? ’ ’
“ Yes, if it has nothing to do with your going away.”

   “It has.”

   “ Then I won’t make it. But I’ll make a truce. I will not press you to
go away, unless I think it necessary for my own safety. Will that do? ”

    “ Yes, I’ll go then,” she answered readily, holding out her hand to make
a bargain of it, as she added : “ Mind, if it’s necessary for your safety.”

    “ You’re as precise as a lawyer,” said I, laughing, as I pressed her hand
and saw a flush of color tinge her face a moment.

   “ Now,” she said, after a pause, “ I have a surprise for you. I have a
letter from an old friend of yours—a very old friend.”

   “ An old friend of mine. Oh, I see. An old friend of your brother’s,
yon mean. Well, who is it now ? Is there another complication? ”

   “ No, no. An old friend of my new brother’s. From Mr. Hamylton
Tregethner.” She laughed merrily as she stumbled over the old Cornish
syllables. “ I don’t like that Englishman,” she added gravely. “ Do you
know why ? ’ ’

    “ Not for the life of me.”

   “Well, I do not like him; but I can’t say why.” Her manner was
peculiar. “See, here is the passport. Mr. Tregethner has sent it and he
seems to have crossed the Russian frontier without the least difficulty. He
has gone to Paris by way of Austria. When shall you go? ” She did not
BY' RIGHT OF SWORD.

73

look up as she asked this, but stood rummaging among the papers on the table.
I took the passport, unfolded and read it mechanically ; then, without think-
ing, folded it up again and put it away in my pocket.

   Evidently she meant it as my dismissal ; and it was very awkward for me
to explain that I could not be dismissed in this way because of the difficulties
in the road of my leaving. I did not wish to appear to force myself upon her
as a brother ; but I could not go first without seeing her in safety ; and there
was the crux.

   “I’ll make my arrangements as soon as I can,” I replied, after a longish
pause ; and I was conscious of being a little stiff in my manner. ‘ ‘ But of
course I can’t manage things quite as I please. You see, I didn’t come into
this—I mean, I took up the part and—well, I’m hanged if I know what I
do mean ; except that of course I’m sorry to seem to force myself on you
longer than you like, but I can’t get away quite so easily as you seem to
think. I know it puts you in an awkward position, but for the moment I
don’t for the life of me see how it’s to be helped.”

   As I finished she lifted her head, and her expression was at first grave,
until the light of a smile in her blue eyes began to spread over her face, and
the corners of her mouth twitched.

   “ Then you won’t be able to go yet? Of course, it’s very awkward, as
you say ; but I must manage to put up with it as best I can. In the mean
time, as we have to continue the parts, we had better play them so as to
mystify people. Don’t you agree with this ? ”

    “ Yes, I think that, certainly,” I answered, catching her drift, and smiling
in my turn.

   “ Then I am riding this afternoon at three o’clock ; and as it might occa-
sion remark if our afternoon rides were broken off quite suddenly, don’t you
think it would t>e very diplomatic if you were to come with me ? ’ ’

   “Yes, very diplomatic,” I assented readily. “But you never told me
before that we were in the habit of riding out together every day.”

   “ It hasn’t been exactly every afternoon,” answered Olga, laughing. “ In
fact, it’s more than a year since the last ride, but the principle of the thing is
the same. We ought not to break the continuitj7. ”

   It was an exceedingly jolly gallop we had. As we rode back we discussed
the question of the best course for us to take. We were both too much ex-
hilarated by the ride to take any but a sanguine view ; and so far as I am
concerned, I think I talked about it rather as a sort of link between us two
than in any serious sense.

   When I got to my rooms I was surprised to learn from my servant, Borlas,
that my old opponent, Major Devinsky, had called to see me. I did not know
he was back in Moscow, though I knew he had been away. I had been at
drill that morning—I had quickly fallen into the routine of the work—and
had heard nothing of his return. Certainly there was no reason why he
should come to me ; though there were many why he should keep away.

   He might have watched me into my rooms, for almost before I had changed
my riding things, he was announced. He came in smiling, impudent, self
assertive, and disposed to be friendly.
74

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

   ‘ ‘ What can you want with me that can induce you to come here ? ” I
asked coldly.

    ‘ ‘ I want an understanding, Petrovitch. ’ ’

   “ Lieutenant Petrovitch, if you please,” I interposed.

   “ Oh, I beg your pardon, Lieutenant Petrovitch, I’m sure,” he answered
lightly. “ But there’s really no need for this kind of reception. I want to
be friends with you.”

   I bowed as he paused.

    ‘ ‘ You and I have not understood each other quite in the past. ’ ’

    ‘ ‘ Not until within the last few days, ’ ’ I returned significantly.

   “I’m not referring to that,” he said, flushing. “Though as you’ve
started it I’ll pay you the compliment of saying you’re devilish neat and
clever in your workmanship. I had no idea of it, either, nor any one
else-’ ’

   “ What do you want with me?” I interrupted, with a wave of the hand
to stop his compliment.

   “ I want to talk quietly over with you my suit for your sister’s hand. I
want to know where we stand, you and I.”

   “ My sister’s hand is not mine to give.” This very curtly.

   “ I don’t ask you to give it, man; I only want to win it. I am as good
a match for her as any man in Moscow ; ’ ’ and with that he launched out
into a long account of his wealth, position, and prospects, and of the position
his wife would occupy.

   I let him talk as long as he would, quite understanding that this was only
the preface to something else—the real purpose of his visit. Gradually he
drew nearer and nearer to the point, and I saw him eyreing me furtively to
note the effect of his words, which he weighed very carefully. He spoke of
his family influence ; how he could advance my interests; what an advan-
tage it was to have command of wealth when making an army career ; and
much more, until he showed me that what he really intended was to presume
on my old evil reputation and bribe me with money down, if necessary, and
with promises of future help if I would agree to let Olga marry him.

   “ Your proposal, put in plain terms, means,” I said bluntly, when he had
exhausted his circuitous suggestions, “that you want to buy my consent
and assistance. I told you at the start that my sister’s hand was not mine
to give ; neither is it mine to sell, Major Devinsky.”

   He bent a sharp, calculating look on me as if to judge whether I was in
earnest, or merely raising my terms.

   “ I am not a man easily balked,” he said.

   “ Nor I one easily bribed,” I retorted.

   “ You will have a fortune, and more than a fortune behind you. With
skill like yours you can climb to any height you please.”

   “Sink to any depth you please, you should say,” I answered sternly.
“ But my sister declines absolutely to be your wife. She dislikes you cor-
dially—as cordially' as I do ; and no plea that you could offer would induce
her to change her mind.”

   “ You weren’t always very solicitous about her wishes,” he muttered,
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

75

with an angry sneer. I didn’t understand this allusion ; but it made me
very angry.

   “ You are under my roof,” I cried hotly. “ But even here you will be
good enough to put some guard on your speech. It may clear your thoughts
to know what my present feelings are.” I now spoke with crisp, cutting
emphasis. ‘ ‘ If my sister could by any art or persuasion be induced to be
your wife, I would never consent to exchange another word with her in all
my life. As for the veiled bribe you have offered, I allowed j^ou to make it,
that I might see how low you would descend. Sooner than accept it, I
would break my sword across my knee and turn cabman for a living.
But your visit shall have done result—I will tell my sister all that has
passed-’ ’

   “ By heaven, if you dare-”

   “ All that has passed now, and if she would rather marry than retain her
relationship to me, I will retire in your favor. But you will do well not to
be hopeful. ’ ’ I could not resist this rather petty little sneer.

   “ You will live to repent this, Lieutenant Petrovitch. ”

   “ At your service,” I replied quietly, with a bow.

   He was white to the lips with anger when he rose to go, and he seemed
as if fighting to keep back the utterance of some hot insult that rose to his
lips. But his rage got no farther than ugly looks, and he was still wrestling
with his agitation when he left the room.

   I could understand his chagrin. He would have dearly liked to force
me at the point of the sword to consent, and the knowledge that this was no
longer possible, that in some way, which of course he could not uuderstand,
I had broken his influence and was no longer afraid of him, galled and
maddened him almost beyond endurance. He looked the baffled bully to the
life.

   It was two days before I had an opportunity of speaking to Olga about it.
I had made a rule of seeing her daily, if possible, lest anything should
happen that needed explanation by her ; but she was away the next day and
our daily “ business conference” did not take place.

   She took the matter very curiously when I did mention it. She was a
creature of changing moods, indeed.

   ‘ ‘ I have a serious matter to speak to you about; something that may
perhaps surprise you,” I said, when we were riding. “ I am the bearer of
a message to you. I have to be very much the brother in this ; in fact, the
head of the family ;” and then without much beating about the bush I told
her of Devinsky’s visit and of his desire to make her his wife.

   She listened to me very seriously, scanning my face the while ; but did
not interrupt me. I had expected a contemptuous and passionate refusal.
But her attitude was simply a conundrum. She heard me out to the end
with gravity, and when I had finished, reined in her horse and for a full
minute stared point blank into my eyes.

   Then she laughed lightly, and asked, as she sent her horse forward again :

   ‘ ‘ Do you think I ought to marry him—brother ? ’ ’

   Frankly, I was a good deal disappointed at her conduct. I did not see
76

BY FIGHT OF SWORD.

why there should be a moment’s hesitation about her answer, especially
after all she had said to me about the man. And this feeling may perhaps
have shown itself in my manner.

   “I could do no less than tell you of the proposal, considering that
Devinsky believes in the relationship between us,” I said. “ But I don’t
see how you, knowing everything, can look to me for the judgment I should
have had to give were that relationship real, and I actually head of the
family.”

    This stilted reply seemed to please her, for she glanced curiously at me
and then smiled, as I thought almost merrily, or even mischievously, as she
replied :

    “ A proposal of marriage is a very serious thing, Alexis.”

    “ Yes ; so people often find it.”

   “ Major Devinsky is very rich and influential. He is right when he says
that his wife would have a very good position in one way in Moscow.”

   “ I wish her much happiness with him,” I retorted grimly.

    “ He is ver}' handsome, too.”

   I said nothing. She disappointed and vexed me.

   “ Ah, you men never see other men’s good looks. You’re very moody,”
she added, after a pause when she found me still silent.

    “ I don’t admire Major Devinsky,” I said rather sullenly.

   She laughed so heartily at this and seemed evidently so pleased that I
wished I had found the laugh less musical. Next, she looked at me again
thoughtfully before she spoke as if to weigh the effect of her words.

   “It would be greatly to your advantage, too, Alexis, to have Major
Devinsky-’ ’

   “Thank you,” I cut in shortly. “I do not seek Major Deviusky’s
patronage. When I cannot climb or stand without it, I’ll fall, and quite
contentedly, even if I break my neck. Shall we get on?” And I urged
my horse to a quick trot.

   My evident irritation at her suggestion—for I could not hear the matter
without showing my resentment—seemed to please her as much as anything,
for she smiled as her nag cantered easily at my side. But I would not look
at her. If she meant to marry Devinsky I meant what I had said to him.

I would have no more to do with the business, and I would get out of
Russia as soon as possible the best way I could.

   A sidelong glimpse that I caught of Olga’s face after a while showed me
that the look of laughing pleasure had died away and had given place to a
thoughtful and rather stern expression. “ Making up her mind,” was my
thought; and then having a stretch of road ahead, I quickened up my
horse’s speed to a hard gallop and we had a quick burst at a rattling pace.

   When we pulled up and stood to breathe our horses before turning their
heads homewards, the girl’s cheeks were all aglow with ruddy color and her
eyes dancing with the excitement of the gallop. She made such a picture of
beautiful womanhood that I was forced to gaze at her in sheer admiration.

   We had not spoken since I had closed the last bit of dialogue and now
she maneuvered her horse quite close to me and said :
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

77

   “ Alexis, did you bring that proposal to me deliberately? ”

   “Yes. It was scarcely a question I could answer for you.”

   “ Couldn’t you? ” Her eyes rested on mine with an expression that at
another time I should have read as reproach. “ Did you think there could
be any but one answer ? ’ ’

   “No, I didn’t. But one never knows,” I said, remembering what she
had said just before the gallop.

   “ Don’t you? Well, you must think we Russian women are poor stuff !
One day, ready to sneak off in disgraceful cowardice ; and the next, willing
to marry an utterly despicable wretch because he has money and influence
and position. Do you mean to tell me that you, acting as my brother,
actually let this man make this proposition in cold blood, and did not hurl
him out of your rooms ? You ! ”

   I stared at her in sheer amazement at the change, and could find not a
word to say. Nor was there any need. Now that her real feelings had
forced themselves to words she had plenty, and for some minutes she did
nothing but utter protestation after protestation of her hatred and contempt
of Devinsky ; while her hits at me for having been the mouthpiece of the
man were many and hard. What angered her was, she said, to feel that the
smallest doubt of her intention had been left in Devinsky’s mind; and it was
not till I told her much more particularly and exactly all that had passed on
this point that she was satisfied.

   We had ridden some way homewards when her mood changed again, and
laughter once more prevailed.

   “So you told him I must choose between him and—my brother; or
rather my present relationship to you? ”

   “ I told him I would never speak to you again if you married him.”
“Well, I have chosen,” she replied at once. “I shall not give up—
my brother. ’ ’ And with that she pricked up her nag and we rattled along
fast, her cheeks growing ruddier and ruddier than ever with the exercise.

   I couldn’t follow her change of mood ; but I was heartily glad she had
decided to have nothing to do with Devinsky. She was far too good a girl
to be wasted on him.

Chapter X.—“That Butcher, Durescq.”

   We were not by any means done with Devinsky yet, and I was to have
striking proof of this a couple of days later. I met him in the interval as
men in the same regiment are bound to meet ; and I deemed it best to avoid
all open rupture, seeing that he was my superior officer, and unpleasant con-
sequences to others beside myself might result.

   I told him shortly that Olga declined his offer and that it must never be
renewed. He took it coolly enough, replying only that his feelings for her
would never change, nor should he abandon the resolve to make her his wife.
Then as he made overtures of peace and apologized for what he had said, I
thought it discreet to patch up a sort of treaty of mutual tolerance.

   I	was speaking of this to Essaieff, to whom in common with all the mess
78

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

Deviusky’s infatuation for Olga was perfectly well known, and my former
second seemed particularly impressed by it. Since the duel I had seen more
of him than of any other man, and I liked him. I could be with him more
safely than with others, moreover, because he had seen so little of the unre-
generate Alexis. Every man who had been at all intimate with my former
self I now avoided altogether, because of the risk of detection—although
this risk was of course diminishing with every day that passed.

   “I don’t like what you say, Petrovitcli,” said Essaieff, after he had
thought it over. “ I’m convinced Devinsky’s a dangerous man ; and if he
attempts to make things up with you, depend upon it he’s got some ugly
reason behind.”

   “ A reason in petticoats,” said I lightly. “ A brother’s a charming fel-
low—to a man in love with the sister. ’ ’

   ‘ ‘ No doubt; but he thought he was going to kill the ‘ charming fellow ’
in that duel. Why did he go away ; and where did he go? ”

   “ He didn’t tell me his private business, naturally.”

   “ Yet I’m much mistaken if it didn’t in some way concern you.”

   “ I don’t see how.”

   “We don’t see the sun at midnight, man; but that’s only because
there’s something in the line of sight. Other people can see it clearly
enough.”

   “Well, I don’t see this sun, anyway; and I’m not going to worry
about it.”

   “Have you ever heard of Durescq? Alexandre Durescq?” he asked
after a pause.

   “No, never,” I answered promptly, making one of those slips which it
was impossible for me to avoid in my private chats. Essaieff’s next words
showed me my blunder.

   “ My dear fellow, you must have heard of him. Durescq, the duelist.
The man who has the reputation of being the best swordsman in the Russian
army. The French felloe who was naturalized and clapped a ‘ c ’ into his name
and cut off the tail of it to make Duresque into Durescq. Why, he was here
last year and dined with us at the mess. Devinsky brought him. You had
joined us then, surely, and must have been introduced by Devinsky. You
must remember him.”

   “ Oh, that Durescq ! ” I exclaimed, as if recalling the incident.

   “ ‘ That Durescq ! ’ There’s no other for the whole Russian army,” said
Essaieff dryly. “And if he heard you say it, he’d want an explanation
quick enough.”

   “ I wras thinking for a minute of another Duresque, Essaieff, whom I
knew much better. Different sex, whose killing of men was in a different
way.” I smiled as I made the equivocation.

   “ I met him this morning,” said my companion, noticing my remark and
looking more thoughtful than before. “ I wonder if Devinsky’s absence has

anvthing to do with Durescq’s presence, and whether-” He paused and

looked at me. “ It would be a damnably ugly business ; but Deviusky’s not
incapable of it; and so far as I know, the other man’s worse. Moreover, I
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

79

know they have been together in more than one very dirty affair. But this
would be murder—sheer, deliberate, damnable murder—and nothing else.”

   I had rarely seen him so excited as he was now.

   “ You think Devinsky has brought this man here to do what he couldn’ t
do himself the other morning? ” I asked.

   “ I don’t say I think it,” replied Essaieff cautiously. “ I shouldn’t like
to think it of any man ; but if I were you I’d be a bit cautious about getting
into a quarrel.”

   “ Caution be hanged,” I cried. “ If that’s their game I’ll force the pace
for them. We’ll have a real fight next time, Essaieff. But I’ll have one
condition, and one only—that Devinsky meets me first.”

“ What a fire devil you’ve turned, Alexis,” said Essaieff enthusiastically.
It was the first time he had used my Christian name, and it pleased me.

11	Even the rankers have found you out now. ‘ That devil, Alexis,’ is what
they call you one to the other, since you beat their best men in leaping, and
running, and staff playing. If the war comes, as like good Russians we pray
it may, what a record you’ll make. They’ll follow you anywhere. Yet,
there’s shrewdness enough in your last devilment. If you insist on first
killing Devinsky, Durescq will probably take back a bloodless sword to the
capital.

   His pithy reference to the feeling in the regiment touched my vanity on
its weak spot, and gave me quite disproportionate pleasure. As we talked
over this possible plan of Devinsky’s I tried to get him to speak of the feel-
ing again. It is rather a paltry confession to make ; but the nickname,

*	That devil, Alexis,’ was exactly what I would have wished to bear.

   Although Essaieff had suggested this action on the part of Devinsky, I
scarcely thought it possible that he would do what we had discussed ; but I
had not been many minutes in the club that evening before the thing seemed
not only probable, but certain ; and I saw that I had a very ugly corner to
turn.

   Alexandre Durescq was there, and I eyed him curiously. He was taller
than I by an inch, but not so broad. His figure was well knit and lithe, and
he moved with the air which a man gets whose sinews are of steel and
are kept in perfect condition by constant and severe training.

   His face was a most unpleasant one. The features were thin and all
very long ; and the thinness added to the apparent abnormal length from
brow to chin. His complexion was almost Mongolian in its sallowness ; his
hair coal black, and his eyes, set close to his large and very prominent aqui-
line nose, were small but brilliant in expression and seemingly coal black in
color. Altogether a most remarkable looking man ; and I was not astonished
that Essaieff had been surprised when I said I had forgotten him. He was
not a man to be forgotten.

   The expression of his face was sardonic and saturnine, and his manners
and gestures were all saturated with intense self assertiveness. He moved,
looked, and spoke as though he felt that every one was at once beneath him
and afraid of him.

   He was at the far end of the room when I entered, and I saw Devinsky stoop
8o

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

and whisper to him immediately he caught sight of me. The man turned
slightly and glanced in my direction, and my instincts warned me of danger.

   I would not balk the pair ; but I would not provoke the quarrel. I moved
quietly about the room, chatting with one man and another, but keeping a
wary eye disengaged for the two at the other end. Gradually I worked my
way round to where they were, and both rose as I approached. I saw, too,
that Devinsky’s old seconds and toadies were near and were wyatching me and
smirking. They formed a group of three or four men who seemed to have
an intimation of what was coming. They were waiting to see me “ jumped.”

   I knew, however, that if I kept quiet I should make the task more diffi-
cult for the pair, and thus compel Devinsky to show his hand, and so give me
the pretext I needed to force the first fight on him.

   “ Good evening, Petrovitch, or Lieutenant Petrovitch, I suppose I should
say,” said Devinsky, and the instant he spoke I could tell he had been drink-
ing. “ I think you’ve met my friend, Captain Durescq? ”

   “ Not yet,” I said, looking straight into Devinsky’s eyes with a meaning
he read and didn’t like.

    ‘ ‘ Is this the gentleman w'ho is so particular in asserting his lieutenancy ?
Good evening, Lieutenant Petrovitch.” He said this in a tone that was in-
sufferably insolent ; and as if to point the insult, the two toadies, when they
heard it, sniggered audibly.

   Nothing could have played better into my hands. All four made an ex-
traordinary blunder, since they showed, before I had opened my lips, that
the object was to force a quarrel ; and thus the sympathies of every decent
man in the place were on my side. I kept cool. I was too wary to take fire
yet.

   “ I thought you knew Captain Durescq when he was here last year,”
said Devinsky. “ But you may have forgotten.”

   “ Good evening, Captain Durescq,” said I, ignoring Devinsky and re-
turning the other man’s greeting. “What is the latest war news in St.
Petersburg ? ’ ’

   “ Bad for those who do not like fighting,” he said, looking at me in a
way that turned this to a personal insult.

   “ But good, perhaps, for those soldiers whose sw'ords are to hire,” I re-
turned, with a smile which did not make my point less plain.

   The man’s eyes flashed.

   “ They will take the place of your friends who do not like the fighting,”
I added ; and to this all about us grew suddenly silent.

   “ My friends? How do you mean ? ” asked Durescq stiffly.

   “ Those whom you mentioned in your first sentence. Whom else should
I mean ? ’ ’ and I let my eye rest as if by accident on Devinsky.

   “ You have a singular manner of expressing yourself, lieutenant.”

   “We provincials do not always copy the manners of the capital, you
know,” I returned in my pleasantest manner. “ I think the provinces are
growing more and more independent every year. We arrange our own affairs
in our own way, have our own etiquette, form our own associations, and
settle our own quarrels without aid from the capital.”
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

81

   I heard Devinsky swear softly into his mustache at this ; but there was
nothing for them to take hold of, though every man in the room understood
what I meant ; and nearly all were now listening.

   ‘ ‘ Yes, I have heard you have singular manners in the provinces. My
friend here, Devinsky, has told me several curious things. I heard of one pro-
vincial, for instance, who allowed himself to be insulted and browbeaten till
his cowardice was almost a byword, and it became really impossible for him
to remain in the army unless he accepted the challenge he had so often re-
fused. And then he begged, almost with tears, to get terms made ; and when
this was not done, he deadened his fears with drink, and came to the club
here like a witless fool, behaving like a drunken clow’n ; and then at last
actually went out and fought in a condition of seeming delirium. We do
not have that in the capital. In St. Petersburg we should have such a
scabby rascal whipped on a gun. ’ ’

   A movement among the group of toadies showed me how this burlesque
of my conduct was appreciated there, while Devinsky was grinning boast-
fully.

   “ Did Major Devinsky tell you that?” I asked, my voice down at least
two tones in my excitement, while my pulses thrilled at the insult. But out-
wardly I was calm.

    “ Yes, I think that’s a pretty fair description, isn’t it, Devinsky ? ” replied
Durescq, turning coolly to the other for confirmation. Then he turned again
to me and asked, “Why, do you recognize the description, Lieutenant
Petrovitch ? ’ ’

   “You have not heard the whole of the story,” I answered, getting the
words out with difficulty between teeth I had to clench hard to keep my
passion under control. “ The man who was beaten in the duel left Moscow
in a panic and went to St. Petersburg for a purpose—that you may perhaps
approve.” There was now dead silence in all the room and the eyes of every
man in it were riveted on me. “The first object of the duel was that he
might kill in it the man whose skill was thought to be inferior to his own,
so that he might persecute with his disgusting attentions the sister of him on
whom he had purposely fixed the quarrel. Failing in this, he went to
fetch a cleverer sword than his own with which to do his dirty work ; and
lie fetched-” I paused a second and then my rage burst out like a vol-
cano—“ He fetched a butcher named Durescq to do butcher’s work ; and I,
by heaven, won’t balk him.”

    With this I lost all control, and springing upon Durescq I seized his nose
and wrung it and twisted it, dragging his head from side to side in my un-
governable fury, until I nearly broke my teeth with the straining force with
which I clenched them. Then, raising my hand, I slapped his face with a
force and loudness that resounded through the room and made every man
start and wonder what would come next.

   “ That is from the man you say dare not fight. One last word. Before
I meet the butcher, I insist on meeting the man who hired him. Lieutenant
Essaieff w'ill act for me. ’ ’

    With that I left the room, feeling that although I was now all but certain
82

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

to be killed by Durescq, I should at least die as became “ that devil,
Alexis. ’ ’

Chapter XI.—Danger from a Fresh Source.

   I walked home with a feeling of rare exhilaration. Whatever happened,
this was my own quarrel, and I had so acted as to secure the sympathy of all
who knew the facts. The quarrel had been fixed on me in public in a manner
peculiarly disgraceful to both my opponents, and if they killed me it would
be murder.

   If on the other hand I could kill either or both, the world would be
sweeter and purer for its riddance of them. Moreover, I had so arranged
matters that I saw how I should have at least an equal chance of my life. I
should have the choice of weapons, and I would fight Devinsky with swords
and the ‘ ‘ butcher ’ ’ with pistols.

   I thought much about Durescq’s skill. He had a huge reputation both
as a swordsman and a shot; but I was very confident in my own skill with
the sword, and inclined to doubt whether he could beat me even with that.
But in the end I decided not to run that risk. The issue should be left to
chance. One should be loaded, and one unloaded ; and a toss should settle
which each should have. We would then stand at arm’s length, the barrel
of one man’s weapon touching the other’s forehead. The man to v/hom for-
tune gave the loaded weapon would thus be bound to blow the other’s brains
out, whether he had any skill or not.

   About an hour later, Essaieff came to me and told me that the whole
regiment was in a state of excitement about the fight, and that feeling against
Devinsky had reached a positively dangerous pitch, especially when it was
known that he had practically refused to meet me. That point was still un-
settled, and Essaieff had come to get my final decision.

   “ My advice is, stand firm,” he said. “ You’re in the right. There isn’t
an unprejudiced man in the whole army who wouldn’t say you were acting
well within your rights ; just as, I must say, my dear fellow, you’ve acted
splendidly throughout.”

   I told him what I had been thinking.

   “ It seems a ghastly thing to put a life on the spin of a coin,” he
commented.

   “Better than to have it ended without a chance, by the thrust of a
butcher’s knife.”

   “ That name will stick to Durescq always,” he said, with a slow smile.
“ It was splendid. Do you know you made me hold my breath while you
were at him. He is a butcher.”

   “ Do you say Devinsky won’t meet me ? ” I asked.

   “No, not that he won’t; but he raises the excuse that as Durescq’s
challenge was given first—as it was indeed—the order of the duels must
follow the order of the challenges. But thej7 arranged the challenges pur-
posely in that order.”

   “ I shan’t hold to the point,” I said, after a moment’s consideration. “ If
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

83

they insist I shall give way and meet Durescq first. But this will only
make it the more easy for us to insist on our plan of fighting. Don’t give
way on that. I am resolved that one of us shall fall ; and chance shall settle
which.”

   Essaieff tried to persuade me to insist 011 meeting Devinsky first ; but
I would not.

   “No. He shan’t carry back to St. Petersburg the tale that we in
Moscow are ready to bluster in words, and then daren’t make them good in
our acts. ’ ’

   “I hope he’ll carry back no tale at all to St. Petersburg,” answered my
friend grimly ; and then he left me.

   I completed what few preparations I had to make in view of the very
probably fatal issue of the fight ; wrote a letter to Olga and inclosed one to
Balestier, as I had done before ; and was just getting off to bed, when Essaieff
came back to report.

   His message had added to the already great excitement, and there had
been at first the most strenuous opposition to our plan of fighting. But
he had forced his way, and the meetings—with the “ butcher” first, and if
I did not fall Devinsky afterwards—were fixed for eight o’clock. He
promised to come for me half an hour before that time ; and he urged me to
get to bed and to have as much sleep as possible to steady my nerves.

   They were steady enough already. I gloated over the affair; and I
meant so to use it as to set the seal to my reputation as “ that devil, Alexis,”
whether I lived or died. But after all I was balked. I slept soundly enough
till Borlas called me early in the morning and told me strange news. A file
of soldiers were in my rooms, and the sergeant had requested me to be roused
at once, as he had an important message.

   I called the man into my bedroom and asked him what he wanted.

   “ You are to consider yourself under arrest, lieutenant,” he said, salut-
ing, and drawing himself up stiffly, “ and in my charge.”

   “ What for?”

   “ I don’t know, lieutenant. I had my orders from the colonel himself
first thing ; and if you please, I am to prevent your leaving the house.
You’ll understand my position, sir. Will you give me your word not to
attempt to leave ? ’ ’

   “Where are your written orders?” I knew the man well and he liked

me.

   “ My orders are verbal, lieutenant; but very strict and imperative.”

   “ Privately, do you know anything of the cause of this? ”

   “You’ll have a letter from the colonel, I think, lieutenant, within an
hour, requiring you to go to him. Major Devinsky is also confined to his
quarters, sir; and also I think Captain Durescq. We’ve heard in the regi-
ment, sir, what happened at the officers’ club last night.” A certain look
on his lined, bearded face, and in his eyes as he saluted me when he said
this, told me much.

   1 chafed at the interference, and anathematized the colonel for having
apparently taken a hand in the matter. This butcher would now be able to
84

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

go back to St. Petersburg with a lying, garbled tale that we in Moscow got
out of quarrels by clinging to the coat tails of our commanding officers ; and
it made me mad.' I tried to persuade the sergeant to let me out to go to
the place of meeting, promising to be back within an hour, but he was im-
movable.

   “ I would if I dared, lieutenant ; but I dare not. I’m not the man to
stop a fair fight, and I hate this work. But duty’s duty.”

   When Essaieff came, he threw new light on the matter. The affair had
caused a huge commotion. In the early hours of the morning he had been
summoned to the colonel, who had in some way got wind of the affair, a
very ugly version having been told him. My friend had to tell the plain
truth, and there had been the devil to pay. The wires to St. Petersburg had
been kept going through the night, the whole thing had been laid before
headquarters at the Ministry of War ; and the arrest of the three principals
had been ordered from the capital.

   Soon afterwards a peremptory summons came forme from the colonel and
when I got to him I found both Devinsky and Durescq there, together with
two or three of the highest officers then stationed in Moscow. A sort of
informal examination took place, out of which I am bound to say both the
other men came very badly ; and in the end we were all three ordered off
to stay in our quarters under arrest. I found that not only were we not
allowed to go out—sentries being posted in my rooms all the time—but no
one was permitted to enter ; nor could I communicate with a single indi-
vidual for two days.

   At the end of that time the order came for me to resume duty ; and as
soon as the morning’s drill was over, the colonel sent for me and told me
what had happened. The military authorities at St. Petersburg had taken
the harshest view of the conduct of my two antagonists. It was regarded as a
deliberate plot to kill. Devinsky had been cashiered; and only Durescq’s
great influence had prevented him from sharing the same fate. As it was he
had had all his seniority struck off, had been reduced to the rank of a
subaltern, and sent off there and then under quasi arrest, with heavy
military escort, to a regiment stationed on the most southern Turkestan
frontier.

   “As for Devinsky, the regiment’s well rid of him,” said the colonel,
with such emphasis and earnestness that I saw his own personal animosity
had had quite as much to do with the man’s overthrow as the latter’s own
conduct. But it pleased the old man to put it all down to me, and when w'e
were parting he shook hands cordially and said, “ The regiment owes you a
vote of thanks, my boy; and I’ll see that it’s paid in full.”

   “One question I should like to ask,” said I. “How did you get to
hear of it all ? ”

   “The news was everybody’s property, lad—don’t ask questions,” he
replied with dry inconsequence. And would say no more.

   But I was soon to learn, and the news surprised me as much as any
part of the whole strange incident.

   The first use I made of my liberty was to go and see Olga and explain my
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

85

absence and all that had happened. She had heard a somewhat garbled account
of it in which the part I played had been much exaggerated, and she received
me with the greatest tenderness and sympathy, and even tears of what seemed
pleasure, but she explained as cold, glistened in her eyes. We had a long
and closely confidential chat; and she made me feel, more by her trustful
manner and gentle attitude than by her actual words, how much she had
missed me during the days of our separation and how thankful she was to be
free of Devinsky for good, and how much she felt she owed to me on that
account.

   For myself I was sorry when I had to leave her. She was the only person
in Moscow to whom I could speak without restraint; a fact that made our
interviews so welcome that I was loathe to end this one.

   It was almost dusk when I left, and as I walked home I was thoughtful and
preoccupied. The question of Olga’s safety was pressing very hardly on me
and made me extremely anxious. The more I saw of her the more eager I
was to get her out of harm’s way ; and the consciousness that she must share
the consequences of any disaster that might happen to me were I discovered
troubled me greatly. I was beginning to anticipate more vividly, moreover,
the coming of some such disaster. The time was passing very quickly. It
was getting on for nearly three weeks since the Nihilist meeting, and I knew
that my Nihilist ‘ ‘ allies ’ ’ would be growing anxious for a sign of my zeal.
They were probably well aware that I was doing nothing to redeem my
pledge.

   There was also the undeniable danger inseparably connected with the
infernal intrigue with Paula Tueski. I had so neglected her in my character
of lover that I was hourly expecting some proof of her indignation. I had
only seen her twfce in the three weeks ; and each time in public ; and though -
Olga and she had interchanged visits, I knew perfectly well that she was not
the woman to take neglect passively.

   I blamed myself warmly, too, for my own inactivity. My whole policy
had been to try and gain time, and yet I had made no use of it, except to
get into broils which had increased the already bewildering complications.

   That this would be the effect of my quarrel with Devinsky and Durescq,

I could not doubt when I came to think the matter over in cool blood. I
had been the means of getting them ruined ; and naturally every friend they
had in Russia would take part against me. I knew that Durescq had
friends among the most powerful circles in Russia, and I had nothing to
oppose to their anger save the poor position of a lieutenant in a marching
regiment, and a past that was full of blackguardism and evil repute. Per-
sonally this was all nothing to me ; but when I thought of the indirect
results it might have for Olga it troubled and worried me deeply.

   Everything pointed to one conclusion—-that Olga should leave Russia
while she could do so in safety.

   I was meditating on these things when a girl stopped me suddenly, asking
if I were Lieutenant Petrovitch. She then gave me a scrap of paper ; and I
glanced at it and read :

   “ The old rendezvous, at once. Urgent. P. T.”
86

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

   I questioned the girl as to who gave it to her, and where the person was ;
but getting no satisfactory account, dismissed her with a few kopecks.

   It beat me. Obviously it was from Paula Tueski. Equally obviously it
was an appointment at which she had seemingly something to say of impor-
tance. But where the deuce the “old rendezvous” was I knew no more
than the dead.

   I am not one to waste time over the impossible ; and as I certainly could
not go to a place I did not know of, I tore the letter into shreds and went on
home.

   I let myself in and found that my servant was out—a most unusual thing
at that time of the day ; but I had begun to fear that the man was below
rather than above the average of Russian servants and was already contem-
plating his dismissal. I did not attach much importance to his present
absence, however ; and throwing myself into a chair sat and thought, or
tried to think, of some scheme by which I could induce Olga to leave the
country, and some means by which her departure could be safely arranged.
She must go at once. She had promised me to go when I could tell her it
was necessary for my safety ; and I could truthfully say that now. If she
would go, I would have a dash for liberty myself.

   While I was thinking in this strain some one knocked at my outer door,
and when I opened it, to my surprise, Paula Tueski rushed in quickly.

   A glance at her face showed me she was in an exceedingly ill temper ; as
indeed it appeared to me she generally was.

   “ Where is your servant ? ” was her first question, hurriedly asked.

   “ I really don’t know. Out somewhere ; but-”

   “ His absence means danger, Alexis. Why didn’t you come to me when
I sent a message to you just now? You read it, questioned the girl, and
then tore it up and threw it in the gutter ; and all this as unconcernedly as
if you did not know full well that from our window you nitist be in full view
of me. Are you always going to scorn me? ”

   I took care to show no surprise ; but it was clear I had blundered badly,
and that the rendezvous was close to the spot where the paper had been given
to me.

   “ I could not come. I had to hurry home. I——”

   “Bah! Don’t trifle with me like that. Haven’t you had enough of
your prison during the last two days ? ’ ’

   “You know the news, then ? ” said I, following her gladly off the track.

   “It is you who do not know the news. Ah, Alexis, you are giving me
more trouble in this new character of yours than ever you did in the old one—
much as you harassed me then.”

   “ What do you mean about new character? ” I asked. Her phrase had
startled me.

   “ I like it better than the old. Fifty thousand times better ‘ that devil,
Alexis,’ than ‘ that roue, Petrovitch.’ But whenever I think of the change,
I cannot understand it; I don’t understand you. I could almost swear,
sometimes, you are not the same man.” She came close up to me and put-
ting her hands on my shoulders, stared long and earnestly right into my
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

 87

eyes. ‘ ‘ And then I wonder how I can have been so blind as not to have
seen all that lay hidden in you ; all that was noble and brave and daring.
But I love you, Alexis, twenty thousand times more than ever; and to have
saved your life now is a thought of infinite sweetness to me. ’ ’

   I stared back as if she had stung me.

   “Do you mean you had anything to do with-” I stopped, and she

knew what I meant. She smiled, and in a voice exquisitely sweet and tender,
though hateful to me, she answered :

   “ Your life is mine, Alexis ! Do you think I would let that butcher from
St. Petersburg take it ? Let him keep to his own shambles. Yes, I set the
wires in motion, and I did not stop until the one man was utterly ruined and
the other degraded in the eyes of all Russia. Your life is mine, Alexis”—
she seemed to revel in this hateful phrase—“ and those who would strike at
you must reckon with me as well. We are destined for each other, you and
I; and we live or die together. ’ ’

   “ You have done me a foul wrong, then,” I cried hotly. “ You have dis-
graced me ; made me out for a braggart that provokes a fight and then shirks
it by screening [myself behind the law. Do you suppose I thank you for
that ? ” I spoke as sternly as I felt. But she only smiled as she answered :

   ‘ ‘ I did not think of your feelings. This man would have killed you.
His hands are bloody to the armpits. Do you think I would let him find
another victim in you when I could stop him and save you ? Did you not
reproach me when I did not interfere before, and tell me my love was cold ?
Would I suffer such a reproach again, think you? No, no. Your life is
mine I repeat, and for the future I will protect it w’hether you will or no.
That is how I love ; and so it shall be always. I have come now to warn you.
Hush ! What is that ? ”

   I listened and heard some one moving in the lobby of my rooms.

   “ It is Borlas returned,” I said, and opening the door called him. Getting
no answer I called him again loudly ; and then my visitor whispered to me
to come back. But I paid no heed to her, and went forward a few steps to
go into my servant’s rooms. As I did so, a desperate rush was made and
three men, disguised, dashed at me violently. They had gained an entrance
somehow and were no doubt making their way to attack me in my room or
were going to lay in wait for me, when my quick ears heard them and thus
spoiled their plans.

   I was unarmed, and in a moment saw the foolishness of attempting to
fight three men, probably armed, while I had not so much as a stick.
Making a feint of an attack upon the nearest, therefore, I jumped aside and
darted back into the room I had just left, closing the door instantly behind
me, while my companion and I held it shut until I had secured it.

   Then I turned to her for an explanation.

   “They are my husband’s agents,” she whispered. “He suspects us,
as you know ; and he arranged this attack, thinking that if you were killed,
the act just at this juncture would be set down to Devinsky’s revenge. I
came on purpose to warn you. If they catch me here now, we are both
ruined beyond all hope.”
88

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

   “ Then they shan’t catch us,” I replied. “ Or if they do, they shan’t live
to carry the tale outside the door ; ’ ’ and I proceeded to put in execution a
plan which had already occurred to me.

Chapter XII.—Christian Tueski.

   While the men were straining and fighting to gain admission to the
room, I loaded my revolver, seized a heavy stick that lay in a corner, and
opening the window noiselessly, with some little trouble and agility got into
the street. I let myself into the house, and then I thundered at the outer door
of my own rooms as if seeking immediate admission.

   Instantly there was a great scuffling within, and I knew that the men were
making off by the back, in the probable belief that they had been disturbed
by some unexpected caller. Judging the time as best I could, so that I might
perhaps catch one of them, I rushed in suddenly. One had fled, the second
was in the act of dropping from a window, while a third was just clamber-
ing out.

   I struck this one a blow on the head which laid him senseless in a heap
on the floor, and leaning out, was in time to give the second a whack that
must have nearly broken his arm. Then without wasting a moment I bound
the other and closely bandaged his eyes.

   Telling Paula Tueski that I had scared the rascals away, I dragged the
fellow to the light that she might recognize him. She identified him directly,
and without a word being spoken except by me, I thrust him into a dark
closet and turned the key on him while I settled what to do next.

   “You knew him, I could see,” I said, when I joined my visitor again.
“ Is he a police spy ? ’ ’

   “ No, not in the ordinary sense. I have seen him with my husband ; but
exactly what he is I don’t know. I believe he is one of a small band of
really villainous men, used for especially ugly work.”

   “ But why am I marked out for a visit from them? ”

   “ I believe my husband has suspected you—on my account. I know he
hates you cordially. You remember that affair in the Opera lobby, when you
insulted him so grossly? ” I nodded ; but of course I had not the remotest
idea what she meant. “He never forgives. Since then he has been ac-
cumulating every jot and tittle of fact against you—and you have given him
plenty, Alexis—and if he can work your overthrow, he will.”

   “ Yes ; but why try to get me assassinated. I’ll go at once and ask him,”
I said, readily and impulsively.

   “ Are you mad ? ” exclaimed my companion.

   “ On the contrary, I’ll go and show him the danger of interfering with
me. Where is he to be found now ? ’ ’

   “ At home. He will not leave for an hour yet to make his evening visit
to the bureau. But he will never consent to see you.”

   “ At any rate I’ll try ; and I’m much mistaken if I don’t force him. I
have a plan,” I added, after a minute’s thought. “ I will clear us both at
a stroke. Go at once to my sister, and tell her from me that I wish her to
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

89

come back here with you and wait for me. Mind, too, should any one come
to fetch away that fellow I’ve locked up, let Olga say enough in his presence
to make it clear that she was here with us when the attack was first made.
Be quick and careful; for much will depend on all this being well done.”

   I drove rapidly to the place and sending in my card asked for an imme-
diate interview with the chief of police on urgent business. The reply came
back that M. Tueski could not see me ; I was to call at his office. I sent the
messenger back with a peremptory reply that I must see him, as I had dis-
covered an assassination plot. I was still refused admittance, though a longer
wait showed me he had considered the matter carefully.

   This time I wrote a brief note: “One of your hired assassins has been
identified, has confessed, and lies at this moment bound and in my power.
If you do not see me now I shall communicate direct with the Ministry of
the Interior. ”	• ■

   That proved the “ open sesame,” and in a few moments I was ushered into
the presence of one of the most hated men in Russia—the man I had been
commissioned to kill.

   He was small, with a face that would have been common looking but
for its extraordinarily hard and cold expression. It was lined and seamed ;
and each line might have been drawn by nature with the express object
of marking an absolutely merciless, calculating, and emotionless man.

   His eyes were very bright as they fixed themselves on me, and his
voice harsh, high pitched, and tuneless.

   “ Men don’t belie your new character when they call you daring,” was
his greeting. He was standing by the side of a long table with his black
clothed figure outlined against the soft colors of luxuriant tapestries with
which the walls were hung. He motioned me to a chair, near enough to be
within the demands of courtesy to an officer bearing the emperor’s commis-
sion and far enough removed from him to be safe should the visitor turn out
to be dangerous. I noticed, too, that an electric bell button was well within
reach. ‘ ‘ What do you wish with me, lieutenant ? This visit is unusual. ’ ’
“ I am not accustomed to bother about what is usual where my life is
concerned,” I answered firmly. “ I want a reply to a plain question. Why
do you send your bravoes to assassinate me ? ”

   “ I have sent no bravoes to assassinate you, lieutenant. I don’t under-
stand you. We don’t hire assassins.” As though the whole thing were
ridiculous.

   “ Yet your wife recognized this man instantly.”

   “My wife!” he exclaimed, with a sufficient change to show how this
had touched him.

   “ Yes. Your wife. She was in my rooms when these men came.”

   He drew in a deep breath while he looked at me with eyes of hate. I had
got right between the joints of his armor of impassivity. It was a cruel
thrust; but I had an ugly game to play, and was forced to hit hard.

   He seemed to struggle to repress his private feelings and to remain the
impassive official. But human nature and his jealousy beat him, and his
next question came with a jerk that showed the effort behind it.
90

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

   “What was she doing there?” His tone was the essence of harsh
bitterness.

   “ What was she doing there?’’ I echoed, as if in the greatest astonish-
ment. “ Why, what should she be doing but calling with my sister? They
are there now, keeping guard over your—assistant. ’ ’

   He turned away for a moment to prevent my seeing in his face the relief
which I could hear in his voice as he answered :

   “You are an even bolder man than I thought.”

   “ I don’t understand you, of course; but I have need to be bold,” I re-
torted, “ with you against me ready to plan my private execution. They’re
heavy odds. But now, perhaps, you’ll answer my question. Why do you
do this ? ’ ’

   “There might be many reasons—if it were true,” he answered in the
same curt tone he had first used.

    “ One’s enough for me, if it’s true,” I replied, copying his sharp manner.
    He stood a minute looking at me in silence, and then sat down.

    “ I think I’ve been doing you an injustice, lieutenant,” he said presently.
“ I thought when you forced your way into my presence you might be coming
to assassinate me. But I see now you’re not such a fool as to try to do any-
thing of that kind when you have left a broad trail behind you that would
lead to your certain detection. You are young; with all the weaknesses of
youth strongly developed—rash, hot headed, sometimes tipsy, a fool with
women, and when necessary, a knave too, loose in money matters and un-
scrupulous, a gambler, a dicer, and a bankrupt in morals, religion, and honor.
But shrewd—for you’ve deceived every one about your sword skill and your
courage—and under the garb of a worthless fellow you have a cool, calculat-
ing, and yet daredevil head that should make your fortune. Others are morg
right about you than I.”

   “ Others?” I asked, interested and amused by this quiet enumeration of
the results of the analysis of two very different, but united characters.

‘ ‘ Who are the others ? ’ ’

   A faint ghost of what in another man would have been a smile relaxed the
grim, hard, straight lips for an instant, in mockery of my attempt to draw
him out.

   “ You are not unknown, lieutenant, as you may find soon ; but you are a
fool to mix yourself up with the Nihilists.”

   It was my turn now to be on the defensive.

   “ That is a charge which a child can make and the wisest man can some-
times fail to rebut,” I answered sharply. “ I am not a Nihilist.”

    He waved his hand as if my repudiation were not worth a serious thought.

   “ I can make you a career, if you will. If you will act under me-”

   “Thank you,” I returned coldly. “ I know what you can do. You can
put me first on the list for some task which will insure my being served as
you meant me to be served today. One commission is enough for me, and
I prefer the emperor’s.”

   “ You don’t know what you say, nor what you refuse.”

    “ All the more reason for not regretting my refusal,” I retorted lightly.
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

91

“But this does not answer my question—why do you seek to have me
assassinated ? ”

   “ Siberia is getting overpopulated,” he returned, manifestly angry at my
refusal.

   “ You mean it’s easier to kill than to exile.”

   “One must have some regard for its morals, too,” he sneered, with a
contempt at which my rage took fire.

   I looked at him with a light in my eyes which he could read plainly
enough.

   “ You are a coward, M. Tueski,” said I sternly ; “ because you presume
upon the office you hold to say things which, without the protection that
guards you, you would not dare to let between your teeth.”

   “ It is useless to talk in that strain to me,” he said shortly. “ I know
you.”

   “ No—by heaven you don’t—yet. But I’ll let you know something of
me now. Men say you know no fear ; that your loves, desires, emotions,
are all dead—all, save ambition. I’ll test that. This plot you have laid
against my life is your own private revenge for some fancied wrong. You
have sought to carry it out even at the very moment when you had had a hint
to guard me. It was cunningly laid, and nearly succeeded ; and then you
would have set the blame down at Devinsky’s door.”

   He listened without making a sign ; quite impassively. But the mere
fact that he did listen showed me I was striking the right note, and further
that he wished to see what I meant to do.

   “ Go on,” he said contemptuously, when I paused.

   ‘ ‘ I can prove this ; aye, and I will prove it, even if I go to the emperor
himself; and prove it—by your own wife. ” He could not wholly conceal
the effect of this. He knew the strength of the threat.

   “ More than that,” I cried then, quickening my speech and showing
much more passion. “ You know what the world says about me and your
wife. You showed me you knew it, when I told you just now that she was
in my rooms when your men came to try to take my life. You have dared
to smirch my honor in regard to women ; and you have lied. So far as your
wife is concerned, there has never been a thought of mine toward her tainted
with dishonor. So far as I am concerned she is virgin pure. But, by heaven,
beware how you taunt me ! It lies with you to say whether her reputation
shall be safe after-’ ’

   I left the sentence unfinished, and the change in the man’s manner showed
me how he was inwardly shrinking and wincing at my desperate words.

   “ Go on. What do you want? ” He spoke after a great effort and strove
to keep his voice at the dead level of official lifelessness. But the man w^as
an inward fire of rage and jealousy.

   “ This duel is not my seeking, but yours, M. Tueski,” I continued.
“ And for my part I w'ould as soon have a truce. But if we are to fight on,
I will use every weapon I can lay my hand on—and use them desperately.
You can prove the truth of what I say. Send round some one to my rooms
and fetch away the scoundrel who is there. My sister will let him go. Your
92

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

wife, her friend, is staying with her to help in case of need. And if she
were guilty, I should not give her to my sister for a friend.”

“ You are the devil ! ” The words forced themselves through his teeth.
I had picked my words deliberately ; and it was the shrewdest thing I
could have done. He left the room without another word, going through a
doorway behind him ; and calling to some one he whispered some instruc-
tions.

   “You have sent? You are right,” I said, when he returned. “And
now call off these bloodhounds of yours ; and so long as you play fair with
me, my sister and your wife can be friends. And no longer. One other
condition. Give me two police permits to cross the frontier on special business
one for myself and one for my sister. You may not be sorry if I decide to
take a holiday.”

   “ I cannot give them, and you cannot leave,” he answered.

   “ Write me the permits. I’ll see about using them.”

   “ No ; I cannot write them. If I did, they would be canceled tomorrow
by the Ministry of the Interior.”

  “ Why?”

   “ The fact is what I saj\ You cannot leave Russia.”

   “I care nothing for that. Write them—or we resume this duel, M.
Tueski.”

   He was a changed man. He was so accustomed to exact implicit obedi-
ence to his will, and to ride rough shod over every one about him, that now
he was beaten, his collapse was utter and complete. He was absolutely over-
come by the pressure I could threaten and he thought I was blackguard
enough to apply.

   For once at least my old black character did me a good turn. He acted
like a weak child now, entirely subjugated by my will. He wrote the permits
as I directed.

   As he was writing it occurred to me there must be some influence behind
the scenes which told with him. Else, why did he not forthwith write out
the order for my imprisonment ? He had done it hundreds of times before in
the case of men infinitely more influential than myself. His signature would
open the doors of any prison in Russia. It suggested itself that it was this
reason which was at the bottom of the attempt to get me killed. He dared
not follow out his own desire.

   “ One thing puzzles me,” I said coolly, as I took the permits. “ Why
haven’t you, instead of writing these, written an order packing me off to jail ?
What is this power behind you ? ’ ’

   “ I may live in hope, perhaps,” he returned. “ Your sword and your
shrewdness may carry you far ; and some day as far as the jail you speak of.

I shan’t fail to write that order when the time comes.”

    I left him with that.

   As I quitted the house a man pressed close to me, and I turned to see
what he wanted. There was no one else about.

    “ Is it done ? ” he whispered.

    I looked at him keenly ; but I had never seen him before, I thought.
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

93

   “ What do you mean ? ” I asked.

    “ The night in the riverside wharf,” he whispered back.

    He was a Nihilist; here right in the very eye of the police web.

    “ The way is laid,” I answered equivocally, as I hurried away.

    I had actually forgotten in my eagerness all about my charge to kill the
man with whom I had been closeted in conference.

    But I saw instantly that the Nihilists would probably hold it for an act of
treachery that I had been in Tueski’s house and yet had let him live.

Chapter XIII.—Olga in a New Light.

   I walked back to uiy rooms as I wished to cool my head and think. The
interview with Christian Tueski had excited me and, what was of more im-
portance, had kindled a hope that after all I might be able to escape the tre-
mendous difficulties that encompassed me.

    One thing in particular pleased me, for it was a double edged knife loos-
ening two sets of the complications. It wras the promise I had given to the
man to respect his wife so long as he kept faith with me. This gave me
power over him, and what was of infinitely greater value to me personally, it
was a shrewd defense against the wife also.

    I smiled as I thought of the ingenuity of this. But I little anticipated
what would really be the result. It seemed then the shrewdest and cleverest,
as well as the most daring thing I had done ; but in the end the consequences
were such as might properly have followed an act of the grossest stupidity
and villainy possible. But for the moment it pleased me ; and I was in truth
finding the keenest pleasure in this parrying of the thrusts which the fates
were making at me.

   There was a problem I could uot solve, however, in the question of the
power which seemed to be behind the chief of police ; the power which made
him apparently afraid to strike me openly, though so willing to trip me se-
cretly. I could not imagine what it could be, nor whence it could come.

   When I reached my rooms my sister and Paula Tueski were waiting for
me in the greatest anxiety ; and both were overjoyed to see me safe and ap-
parently in high spirits. The police agents had been for the fellow I had
left under lock and key, and Olga had taken care to carry out my instruc-
tions to the letter. Her quick instincts had warned her, and she had made
a parade of almost affectionate friendship for the other woman during the
time the men had been present.

   After I arrived she could scarcely take her eyes off me, and I saw them
glistening as with tears.

   “I will take you home directly,” I said carelessly, as a brother might
speak. ‘ ‘ But I have something to say first to Madame Tueski ; so you must
wait for a few minutes. ’ ’

   A look of reproach nearly found expression in hasty words; but, remem-
bering herself, she said liastil}’, acting the part to the life :

   “ Oh, you’re always so mysterious, Alexis. I’ve no patience with you.”
   Then I led the other into my second sitting room and told her much of
94

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

what had passed ; and when I came to that part of the interview that imme-
diately concerned herself, she was very bitter and angry.

   “ You think I am a pawn to be moved where you like in your game : of
no account and the meanest thing on the board. You and he are both alike
in that—but wait. Your life is mine, Alexis. I have told j’ou.”

   ‘ ‘ But you must surely see that the first consideration must be all our
lives—to say nothing of our safety,” I answered rather roughly, I fear, and
very unsympathetically. Her heroics rasped me. “ What good is your
living going to do me if your husband shuts me up in a dungeon, or sends
me dancing to Siberia, or causes a dagger to let out my life blood ? ”

   “ You mean to keep the word you gave him? ”

   “ Certainly, so long as he keeps his.”

   She fixed her large, lustrous eyes on me, and let them rest on me during a
long silence.

   “ You and he together will drive me to some desperate deed,” she said
at length, very slowly. “Then perhaps you will learn what a love like
mine will dare for your sake. I cannot and will not bear this separation.”

   She wearied me with these protests, but I said nothing, and went on
fo question her as to whether there was any power behind her husband influ-
encing him in regard to me. She knew nothing, but admitted that she had
her suspicions.

   I next told her that while he was trying to assassinate me, she might find
the tables turned on him, as there was a Nihilist plot on foot to murder
him. She paid little heed to it at first, saying that there had been many
such schemes formed, all of which had proved abortive, because he was
most carefully and continuously guarded. A moment later, however, her
manner changed a little, and she questioned me somewhat closely concerning
the matter.

   “They don’t choose their agents shrewdly in these things,” she said,

‘ ‘ and we hear too soon of their designs. They should choose a man like
you, Alexis.” She seemed to speak with a hidden meaning, and I was
doubtful whether she knew anything; but I kept my doubts to myself.

   “ If they had done that, I had a rare chance tonight,” I answered.

   ‘ ‘ A bold man or a reckless woman makes the chance, ’ ’ she retorted in
the same manner. “I am going, Alexis,” she added, and then forced on
me caresses which were vastly repulsive. But I could not reveal my true
feelings until I had at any rate placed Olga in safety. My indifference and
coldness were apparent to the woman, and she upbraided me with a burst of
angry passion till I had to patch up a sort of peace.

   We went back to Olga and soon afterwards drove away, Olga and I set-
ting the other down at her door.

   So long as Madame Tueski was with us, Olga maintained the part of
the impatient sister; but as soon as we were alone her manner changed
altogether.

   “ I had to send for you this evening,I said, “ and you saved me from
a situation of great difficulty and hazard by coming so promptly. I thank
you for having done so. ’ ’
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.	95

   No reply. I glanced at her in the gloomy light in the cab and saw the
profile set hard and immobile, with the lips pressed closely together.

   “ Storm signals out,” thought I.

   “ I was saying I thanked you. You acted with rare discretion and did
me a great service. ’ ’

   Not a word.

   “ You were not so silent just now,” I hazarded.

   “I was acting—with discretion.” She repeated my word with that
relish and enjoyment which a well regulated mind always feels about a telling
sarcasm.

   “ And what sort of discretion is this? ” I retorted, laughing.

   She was silent again.

   “ I have a good*deal to tell you in explanation.”

   ‘ ‘ I have no wish to hear anything, thank you, ’ ’ she interposed. ‘ ‘ I can
trust your discretion ”—much emphasis again on the word—“ as completely
as you can mine. I am glad to have been of use to you and Madame Tuqski. ’ ’
She threw the word “ use ” at me as if it had been a bomb to be exploded in
my face.

   “ What have I done that’s wrong? I’m very sorry,” I said.

   “ I beg you not to apologize. You never used to, and as you appear to
be slipping back into your old habits, it would be out of character to apolo-
gize—to me. I am only to be used. ’ ’

   “ I don’t understand you.”

   There was a moment’s silence, and then she could contain her indignation
no longer and burst out with the cause of it.

   “Why didn’t you send me home immediately you returned ? You could
surely have give me your servant as an escort. Then you would have spared
me the shame and humiliation waiting during your private interchange of
confidences with that woman.”

   At that instant we stopped at her house.

   “ Please do not come in tonight,” she said. “ I have had to keep certain
things waiting here while I was being of use to you, and was sitting alone in
your rooms ; and I have now very much to do. ’ ’

   “I am sorry to trouble you, blit I am coming in. This thing must be
cleared up at once ; ” and I followed my very angry sister into the house.

   She led the way to a small drawing room, and turning to me said coldly :

   “ I am ready to hear what you wish to say.”

   I had been thinking quickly during the interval, and now changed my
point of attack.

   “ I have a very serious thing to say. You gave me your promise-”

   “ I would rather you would not remind me of any promises,” she inter-
rupted. This was said deliberately, but then she broke through her cold
formality, and with a little stamp of her foot finished angrily : “I won’t
keep them. I won’t be reminded of them. Things are altered—altogether
altered. ’ ’

   “ What I was going to say is-” I began, when she broke in again.

   “ I won’t hear it. I don’t want to hear any more. I wish you’d go.”
96

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

   “ You must hear me,” I said quietly, but with some authority in my tone.

   “ ‘Must ! ’ I don’t understand you.”

   “ Must—for your own safety. ’ ’

   “Thank you. I can protect myself. Your other cares and responsibili-
ties have a prior claim on you. Will you please leave me now ? ”

   “ No, I can’t go until I’ve told you-”

   “ I will not listen ! Didn’t I tell you? ” She was vehemence itself.

   I shrugged my shoulders in despair.

   “This morning-” I began; but the moment I opened my lips she

broke out again with her vehement interruptions.

   “ Ah, things were different this morning. I had not then been insulted.
Do you forget I am a Russian ; and think you can treat me as you wrill—keep
me waiting while—bah, it is unbearable. Will you go awray ? Is there no
sense of manliness in you that will make you leave me ? Must I call for
assistance ? I will do that if you do not leave me. You can write what you
have to say. But please spare me the pain of seeing you again.”

   Her words cut me to the quick, but then roused me also.

   “ You had better call for assistance,” I answered firmly. Then I crossed
to the door, locked it, and put the key in my pocket. “ I will spare you the
pain of another interview, but now that I am here, I decline to go until I
have explained.”

   “ You cannot explain,” she burst in. The word seemed to madden her.

   “ Cannot explain what ? ”

   “ That woman’s kisses ! ”

   The wrords appeared to leap from her lips involuntarily, and she repented
them as soon as uttered ; and drawing herself up she tried to appear cold
and stolid. But this attempt failed completely; and in her auger at the
thought behind the words, and with herself for having given it utterance, she
stood looking at me, her bosom heaving and tossing with agitation, and her
face and eyes aglow with an emotion which, with a strange delight, I saw
was jealousy.

   There came a long pause, during which I recalled her manner and the
way she had played with my words while on one of our rides when we had
spoken of Devinsky’s proposal to make her his wife.

   I have always been slow to read women’s hearts, and have generally read
them wrong ; but I began to study this one with a sense of new and peculiar
pleasure. She was growing very dear to me for a sister.

   If mj' guess was right, my conduct with that infernal woman, Paula
Tueski, must have been gall and wormwood to Olga.

   How should I have relished it had the positions been reversed, and
Devinsky been in Paula Tueski’s place ?

   These thoughts which flashed across me in rapid succession produced a
peculiar frame of mind. I had stood a minute in silence not looking at her,
and when I raised my eyes again to her I was conscious of sensations toward
her that were altogether different from anything I had felt before. She had
become more beautiful than ever in my eyes ; I, more eagerly anxious to
please and appease ; while at bottom there was a dominant fear that I might
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

97

be mistaken in my new reading of her actions, in which was mixed up another
fear, not nearly so strong, that her anger on account of Paula Tueski might
really end in our being separated.

   My first act showed the change in me. I ceased to feel the freedom with
which I had hitherto acted the part of brother, and I immediately threw open
the door and stood aside, that she might go out if she wished. Then I said :

   “ Perhaps you are right. My conduct may be inexcusable, even to save
your life.”

   Whether there was anything in my manner that touched her—I was con-
scious of speaking with much less confidence than usual—or whether it was
the act of unfastening the door ; or whether, again, some subtle influence
had set her thoughts moving in parallel columns to mine, I do not know.
But her own manner changed quite as suddenly as mine ; and when she
caught my eyes on her she flushed and paled with effects that made her radi-
antly beautiful to me.

   She said not a word, and finding this, I continued :

   ‘ ‘ I am sorry a cloud has come between us at the last, and through some-
thing that was not less hateful to me because forced by the needs of the case.

We have been such friends, but-” here I handed her the permit—“ you

must use this at once. ’ ’

   She took it and read it slowly in silence, and then asked :

    ‘ ‘ How did you get this ? ’ ’

   “ Myself, personally, from the chief of police.”

    ‘ ‘ Why did you run the mad risk of going to him yourself ? ’ ’

   “ There was no risk—not so much in going to him as in keeping away
from him. He had tried to have me murdered, and I went to find out the
reason.”

   “ I told you I would not leave Moscow.”

   “ Unless—and the condition now applies—it was necessary for my safety.”

   ‘' And you ? ’ ’ The light of fear was in her eyes as she asked this.

    ‘ ‘ As soon as you are across the frontier I shall make a dash for my liberty
also. I can’t go before, because my absence would certainly bring you under
suspicion.”

   She now looked at me again very intently, her head bent slightly forward
and her lips parted with the strain of a new thought, while suspicion of my
motive chased the fear for my safety from her face.

   “ Is this to get me out of the way ? I won’t go ! ”

   All my honor for myself and my love for her were in that note of re-
proach, and thejr appeared to waken an echo ; for then this most strange girl
threw herself down on a couch, and burying her face in her hands, sobbed
passionately.

   I turned away from the sight of her emotion—the more painful because
of the strong self reserve and force she had always shown—and paced up and
down the room. I forced back my own feelings and the desire to tell her
what those feelings were. To do that w’ould be worse than madness. Till
we were out of Russia we were brother and sister, and the bar between us
was heavier than we could hope to move.

      (o)
93

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

   When the storm of her sobs ceased she remained for some minutes quite
still; and I would not break the silence, knowing she was fighting her way
back to self possession.

   Presently she got up and came to me, holding out her hand.

   “ I will go, Alexis—we are still firm friends? ” This with a little smile
of wistful interrogation. ‘ ‘ Can you forgive my temper ? I was mad for the
moment, I think. But I trust you. I do indeed, absolutely. I know you
had no thought of insulting me. I know that. I couldn’t think so meanly
of you. It’s hard to leave—Russia ; and—and everything. And you, too
—at this time. Must I really go ? ” A half beseeching glance into my eyes
and a pause for the answer I could not give. “Very well. I know what

your silence means. Come, tomorrow morning—and say-” she stooped

again and bit her trembling lips to steady them as she framed the word—
“ and say—good by to me. And now', please, let me go—brother and truest
friend.”

   She w'rung my hand, and then before I could prevent her, or even guess
her intention, she pressed her lips to it and, w'ith the tears again in her eyes,
she w7ent quickly awTay, leaving me to stare after her like a helpless fool,
longing to call her back and tell her everything, and yet afraid.

Chapter XIV.—The Deed Which Rang through Russia.

   It was not destined that Olga should leave Russia yet. A terrible event
happened within the next few hours, the report of which ran through Russia
like a clap of thunder, convulsing the whole nation, and shaking for the
moment the entire social fabric to its lowest foundations. And one of its
smaller consequences was to ruin my plans and expose me to infinite personal
peril.

   Olga was to start at noon, and I proposed to see her an hour before that
time for what I knew would be a very trying ordeal. But when that hour
came I was in the midst of a very different kind of interview.

   Outside official circles I was one of the first men to learn the news. Just
before ten o’clock a messenger came with a request for me to go at once to
the police bureau. I started in the full conviction that for some cause Tueski
had changed his mind and meant to arrest me. I was of course helpless ; and
could do no more than scribble a hasty line to Olga telling her of my appoint-
ment, asking her not to wait for me, and bidding her good by. But I did
not send it. The police agent said with great politeness he would prefer my
not doing anything then ; I could send the note equally well from the bureau.
I knew what that meant and yielded.

   The moment I arrived at the office I could see that some event of altogether
unusual importance and gravity had occurred. The air was laden with the
suggestion of excitement. There was an absence of that orderly, business-
like routine always characteristic of Russian public offices. The police agents
were present in exceptionally large numbers, hurrying through the corridors,
thronging the rooms, and standing in groups engaged in animated discussion.

   I was kept waiting some time, perhaps half an hour, before a word was
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

99

spoken to me by any one in authority ; and then I was ushered into the
presence of a man I did not know.

   “ I am sorry to trouble you, Lieutenant Petrovitch, but there are one or
two questions you can answer ; and I need not say that as a Russian officer,
bearing the emperor’s commission, we shall look to you to reply very fully.”
I bowed. It was a fit preface to a conversation which should end as such
things generally did. But at any rate I should learn what they intended to
do with me. Before he spoke again I asked that the letter I had written to
Olga might be sent; but he put the question aside, with a curt reply that it
could wait until the emperor’s business was finished ; and again I bowed in
acquiescence. I could do nothing.

   ‘ ‘ Please to tell me exactly what passed between you and M. Tueski yester-
day,” he said. “ And particularly how you obtained the permits for your-
self and sister. I invite you to be particularly frank.”

   The question startled me. I couldn’t understand it.

   “Your question surprises me,” I replied, to gain a little time to think.
“ M. Tueski himself knows and can surely tell you everything. ”

   “ I ask my questions in the name of the emperor, sir,” returned my
examiner sternly.

   ‘ ‘ M. Tueski had done me the honor of trying to have me murdered, and
I went to see him to demand the reason. He did not deny it. I persuaded
him in the end to abandon his private malice and prevailed upon him to give
me the permits for myself and my sister to leave Russia for a while. When
he had given them to me I left him. ’ ’

   “Where are they?”

   “ Here is one. The other is with my sister, who leaves Moscow at mid-
day.”

   “ You may stop her attempting to leave. It will be useless. What else
passed? ” And he then plunged into the closest cross examination of me,
the real object of which I could not guess, unless it meant that Tueski had
in some way got into a mess for letting me have the permits. I answered
all the questions as fully as possible, taking care only to avoid mentioning
Paula Tueski’s name in connection with the compact with her husband.

   To my surprise I seemed to satisfy the man for the time. When he had
about turned me inside out, he sat for some minutes looking over my answers
and comparing them with some of his notes ; after which he remained
thinking closely.

   “ What did you do after leaving M. Tueski? ”

   ‘ ‘ I went straight to my rooms and my sister ; together we drove Madame
Tueski to her house ; I then went home with my sister, remained there about
an hour, or perhaps less, and wrent home and to bed.”

   “ You have told me all you know, lieutenant ? ”

   “ You can ask M. Tueski,” I returned.

   He fixed his eyes steadily on me while I could have counted twenty, and
then said slowly and with deep emphasis :

   “ M. Tueski is dead.”

   “ Dead ! ” I repeated in the profoundest surprise.
roo

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

   “Murdered. Found this morning in the lower part of his own house
with a dagger thrust through his heart.”

   1 ‘ Murdered ! ” I could scarcely believe my ears.

   “ Yes. ‘For freedom’s sake,’ ” said the man, with a curl of the lip. “At
least, so a message on the dagger said. Now you can understand the signifi-
cance of my questions.”

   I understood it all w7ell enough ; far better than the man himself even
imagined ; and I was completely beaten as to what the .inner meaning of this
most terrible event could be.

    One of my first reflections was that if any of the suspicious of my Nihilism
which the dead man entertained were chronicled anywhere, my arrest and
that of Olga would certainly follow ; and we should both be doomed.

    “ I can scarcely realize it,” I said. “ It is horrible.”

   “ So these wretches will find,” returned my interlocutor. “ These car-
rion. But now, in view of this—and I have told you because of the candid
manner in which you have answered my questions—is there anything you
noticed in your visit yesterday to help us. ’ ’

   Clearly he did not suspect me ; and no records had been found yet.

   “ No. The place seemed alive with inmates—like a rabbit warren.
Enough to have held it against a regiment. Great heaven, what villains ! ”
I cried in horror. Mine was genuine feeling enough, for some of the
terrible effects to myself were fast crowding on my thoughts. I recalled my
encounter with my Nihilist comrade on the very threshold of the house.

   “ Of course, those permits will be withdrawn now, lieutenant,” said the
official as he dismissed me. But his manner wras much less severe and curt
than at the outset. “As a matter of fact they ought never to have been
granted, though I cannot explain why just now. But under the circum-
stances you will probably feel personally unwilling to leave Russia at such a
juncture.”

   “ I should feel myself a traitor,” said I grandiloquently ; and in fact I
did feel very much like one as I left him, rejoicing that I still breathed the
fresh air of heaven instead of the fetid atmosphere of a jail.

   One thing was certain now—neither Olga nor I could hope to escape yet.
Any attempt would be fatal. The murder of such a man would mean that
the lurid searchlight of suspicion would fall in all directions, on the guilty
and guiltless alike. The liberty certainly, and probably the life of every
suspected Nihilist in Moscow were at stake ; and the slightest trip or false
step on our part would amount to direct invitation to ruin.

   As I walked back sadly and thoughtfully to my rooms, I had abundant
proofs of the terrible effects of the assassination. The police agents were
everywhere, watching, raiding, arresting ; and in my short walk I met more
than one gloomy party of them, each with its one or two prisoners, hurrying
on foot or in hired carriages to the police stations.

   It is not my business, however, to describe here the scenes that followed
the most daring, most secret, most thrilling, and, save one, most terrible
assassination that ever convulsed Russia. The murder of the Czar stirred the
surface of the world more, because it had more of the pageantry of crime
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

IOI

about it; but the death of the chief of the Moscow police caused a much
deeper sense of insecurity and spread a far greater dread of the secret power
of Nihilism.

   Who had done it ? To me it w7as an inscrutable mystery ; unless it had
been the man I had seen near the house. But what I had to consider was
not whose hand had driven the dragger home, but rather what the effects
would be to me and to her for whose safety I now felt more fear and concern
than I had felt for myself in all my life.

   One incident in the interview I had just had impressed me greatly : the
reference which the official had dropped as to the power behind Tueski in
dealing with me. My questioner had seemed to know about it that morn-
ing ; and all this perplexed me.

   As soon as I reached my rooms I had to hurry off to the barracks in re-
sponse to an urgent summons ; and I joined readily in the excited conversa-
tion of my comrades about this latest Nihilist stroke. The news was only
beginning to leak out, and it assumed the wildest shapes ; nor did I feel at
liberty to reduce the rumors to facts.

   Before the morning’s work was over orders came that the troops were
to be paraded for duty in the streets ; and we were told off for patrol work in
different parts of the city to protect the railway stations and other public
buildings. All that day we w’ere kept on duty ; and as other troops kept
pouring in from other centers the whole place seemed under arms like a
beleaguered town.

   All day and all night the raids and surprise visits by the police were in
progress, and hundreds, if not thousands, of men and women must have been
arrested, until the jails were crowded to suffocation point, and every spot
where prisoners could be packed was crammed and choked with suspects.

   We were not relieved until late at night, having been all day without
food ; and even then we were kept in the barracks in readiness for any dis-
turbance.

   The next day’s program was much the same ; and I fretted at not being
able to either see or send to Olga. Knowing of her brother’s Nihilism
she would surely think I had been arrested ; while I on my side was afraid
for her.

   In the afternoon of the third day we got leave from duty and from bar-
racks for a few hours, and I went straight off to Olga. Meanwhile not a hint
had been obtained as to the identity of the assassin.

   I found Olga w'hite and wan and ill on my account; and when we met I
was, on my side, almost too moved for speech. At first I could do no more
than glance into her eyes as we clasped each the other’s hand.

   “ You are looking frightfully ill, Olga,” I said at length.

   She returned my look without speech and then her brow contracted, she
breathed deeply as if in pain, and turning away wrung her hands with a
gesture of despair.

   ‘ ‘ What is the matter ? What has happened to you ? There must be

something-I stopped, or rather the sight of the white face all drawn and

quivering with pain stopped me.
102

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

   “ Oh, it is too horrible, too awful. God have mercy ou us. God have
mercy on us. ’ ’

   Sad as things were so far as I knew them, this dejection seemed dis-
proportionate and excessive. She was like a mad woman distraught with
fear or grief ; and she waved her arms and hands about as if wrestling with
emotions she could not conquer.

   “ Oh, it can’t be true ; it can’t be,” she moaned ; and then came suddenly
and clinging to me, turned my face to the light and holding it between her
white, trembling hands, she gazed at me with a look of mingled anguish,
fear, doubt, wdlduess, and—love ; her lips parted and her bosom rising and
falling as if in the strain of her passionate feelings.

   When her scrutiny was over, her hands seemed to slip from me and she
fell on her knees close to me and I heard her muttering prayers with vehement
fervor.

   “ What does this mean, Olga? ” I asked gently, bending down and lay-
ing my hand on her shoulder. She looked round and up at my touch, and
tried to smile. Then she rose, and standing opposite to me, put her hands on
my two shoulders so that her face was close beneath mine. And all the time
she was muttering prayers. Then, in a voice broken and tremulous, she said :

   “ Brother, swear as you believe there is a God in heaven you will answer
truly what I ask.”

   “ I will. I swear it,” I answered, wishing to quiet her.

    ‘ ‘ Did you really do this ? ’ ’

   “ Do what ? ” I asked, not understanding.

   “ Kill Christian Tueski? ”

   “Did I kill him? No, child, certainly not.” I spoke in the greatest
astonishment.

   “ Oaths may bind you to secrecy, I know. But, for God’s sake, tell me
the truth—the truth. You can tell me. Iam-” I felt her shudder.

   ‘ ‘ Is it this which has been driving you distracted ? There is no cause.
I know no more by whose hand that man came by his death than a babe un-
born.”

   ‘ ‘ Say that again, Alexis. Say it again. It is the sweetest music I have
heard in all my life.”

   I repeated the assurance, and a smile broke out over her face. Next she
cried and laughed and cried again, and then sat down as if completely over-
come by the rush of relief from a too heavy strain.

   “ What does all this mean? ” I asked quietly, after a w’hile. “ Try and
tell me.”

   “ I have been like a mad thing for two days. L,et me wait a while. I
will tell you presently. Oh, thank God, thank God for what you have said.
It drove me mad to think you should have been driven to this by me ; and
that perhaps for my sake you might have been urged to do such a horrible
thing. Waking and sleeping alike I have thought of nothing but of your
suffering torture and death. And all through me—through me.” She cov-
ered her face in horror at the remembrance of her thoughts ; but a moment
later took away her hands to smile at me.
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

103

   “You have not told me yet what made you think anything of the
sort.”

   “ I will tell you. As soon as I heard the news I knew of course that, as I
had been mixed up in some old Nihilist troubles, it would be hopeless for me
to think of leaving Moscow ; and when the police agent came I let him un-
derstand that I had given up all thought of going. Then I was all anxiety
for news of you, and in the afternoon I went to your rooms. I found them
shut and could hear nothing. Then I began to fear for you. I am only a
woman. ’ ’

   She stopped and smiled to me before resuming. Then with a shudder
she continued :

   ‘ ‘ Then a most strange thing happened. Borlas came to me j ust at dusk ;
and he looked .so strange that at first I thought he had been drinking. Saying
he had a message from you, he waited until I had sent the servant away.

    ‘ * ‘ What is it ? ’ I asked.

   “ For answer he gave me a sign that made my heart sink. I knew it
too well, and I looked at him with the keenest scrutiny. Had the Nihilists
put a spy on you even in your own servant ? Then I saw—that it was not
Borlas, but a man so cleverly made up to resemble him that I had been at
first deceived.

   ‘ ‘ 1 What do you want here ? ’ I asked, now with every nerve in my body at
full tension.

    ‘ ‘ ‘ Do you know ? ’ and the light in his eyes seemed to flash into mine.

   “ ‘ Do I know what? ’ I could see there was something behind all this.

   “He bent close tome, though we were of course alone, and spoke his reply
in a fierce whisper.

    “ ‘ Tell your brother that after this proof our hearts beat but for him ; our
plans shall all wait on him ; every man of us will go to his death silently and
cheerfully at his mere bidding. He leads, we follow. He has nobly kept
his pledge for the cause of God and freedom.’

   “ As I heard this my heart seemed to stop in pain. I had to hold the
table to save myself from falling.

   “ ‘ Do you mean,’ I gasped, ‘ that Alexis has murdered-’

   “ ‘Silence, sister,’ replied the man sternly. ‘That is no word for you
to utter or for me to hear. Your brother is as true a friend as Russian lib-
erty ever had; and I thank my God that I have ever been allowed to even
touch the hand that has dealt this vigorous blow and done this noble and
righteous act.’

    ‘“I will tell him,’ I said.

   “‘Tell him also he need have no fear. Not a man who was at the
meeting is in the city now save me ; and not a single soul of the thousands
these dogs of tyranny can seize knows anything—save only me. And I would to
heaven they would take me and torture me that I might use my last breath
and my latest effort to taunt them that I know the hero who has done it and
die with my knowledge a secret. ’

   “ Then this terrible man, you may not know his name, but I know him,
left me telling me it was ‘ a glorious day for Russia, and that God would
104

BY RIGHT OF SWORD,

smile forever upon you for this deed. ’ And I was plunged into a maelstrom
of agonizing fears, racking doubts, and poisoned thoughts about you and
what I had led you to do. ’ ’

   What Olga said had immense importance and significance for me. It
showed me a startling view of my situation. It was clear the Nihilists
attributed the murder to me, and what effect that would have upon us I w7as
at a loss even to conjecture.

   “ The man’s blood is not on my hands, Olga ; but I cannot be surprised
at the mistake. I will tell you everything; ” and I related to her then all
that had passed.

    “ Who can have done it, then? ” she asked, wlieu I finished.

   “It is as complete a mystery to me as to the police. The man I saw
near the house might have done it ; but then I suppose it must have been
the same man who came to you ; and in that case he certainly wouldn’ t have
set it down to me. I am beaten. But I am likely to find the wrongful
inheritance embarrassing. I must be more cautious than ever to draw down
no word of suspicion upon either of us. We must both be scrupulously care-
ful. And thus it will be impossible for you to think of getting away. ’ ’

   “It’s a leaden sky that has no silver streak,” replied Olga. “ And that
impossibility is my streak.”

   I could not but understand this, and even while my judgment condemned
her, my heart was warmed by her words. But my judgment spoke.

   “ If you were away, my anxieties would be all but ended.”

   “If I were away my anxieties would be all but unendurable,” she
retorted, following my words and smiling. It was not possible to hear this
wTitli anything except delight ; but I had my feelings too well under control
now to let them be seen easily.

   “ That may be,” I said. “ But my first and chief effort will be to get
you safe across the frontier.”

   She made no answer, but her manner told me she would not consent to go
until it had become a rank impossibility for her to stay. Presently she said,
w7ith much feeling :

   “ If I had been away and the news had come that you had done the thing
these men assert, how7 do you think I could have borne it ? I should have
either come rushing back here or have died of remorse and fear and anxiety
on your account. It was through me you commenced all this. ’ ’

   “ But of my own choice that I continued,” I replied. “ And believe me,
if all were to come over again I should act in just the same way. I have
never had such a glorious time before ; all I want now is to see yousafe.”
Olga paused to look at me steadily.

   “ You’ve never told me the whole reason why you were so ready to take
all these desperate risks. Will you tell me now ? ’ ’

   “I had made a mess of things generally, as I told you before,” I an-
swered, with a smile and a slight flush at the reminiscence thus disturbed by
her question.

   “Was there a woman in it? ” Her eyes were fixed on me as she put the
question.
BY RIGHT OF SWORD,

105

   “There’s a woman in most things,” I answered equivocally.

   “ \es, I suppose so.” She turned away and looked down, and asked:

   “ Were you very fond of her, Alexis? ”

    “ Judging by the little ripple that remains 011 the surface, now that she’s
gone out of my life, no ; judging by the splash the stone made at first, yes.
But she’s gone.”

   Yet the waters of the pool may be left permanently clouded. I am sorry
for you, Alexis ; and if you were really my brother, I would try and help
you two to mend the breach.”

   “That’s not altogether a very proper thing to say.” I spoke lightly,
and she looked up to question me. “ Her husband might not thank you, I
mean ; though I’m not quite sure about that and then having told her so
much, I told her the story of my last meeting with Sir Philip Cargill and
Edith. But she did not take it as I wished.

   “ You must have loved her if you meant to kill her,” she said.

    “ And ceased then, if I left her to live a miserable life.”

   “I should like to see the woman you have ceased to love,” she said,
womanlike in curiosity—and something else.

   “ You may do that yet, if only Alexis Petrovitch can make a safe way for
his sister out of Russia ; ” aud then I added, pausing and looking at her with
a meaning in my eyes wrhich I wished her to understand, though I dared not
put it in plain words : “ But we shall not be brother and sister then.”

   She glanced up hurriedly, her face aglow with a sudden rush of thought—
pleasurable thought, too—and then looked down again and smiled.

   “ In that case how should we two be together? ” she asked.

   ‘ ‘ Do you mean that such a time as that will be likely to render us ready
to part ? ”

   To that her only answer was another glance and a deeper blush. Then I
made an effort and recovered myself on the very verge.

   “ But while we are here, we are brother aud sister, Olga ; ” and feeling
that if I wished to keep other things unsaid, I had better go away, I left her.

Chapter XV.—The Key to the Mystery.

   The more I contemplated the position the less I liked it, aud the more
urgent appeared the reasons for hurrying Olga out of the country.

   All my care was for her. Before this new feeling of mine for her had
forced itself upon me, the situation had been really a game of w'its, with my
life as the stake; but now Olga’s life, or at least her liberty, were also at
stake. It was there the crisis pinched me till I winced and writhed under it.
Pear had got hold of me at last, and I tugged restlessly at the chain.

   That night and the next day, the day of Christian Tueski’s funeral, wrere
occupied with heavy duties, because the authorities, both military and civil,
persisted in believing there was danger of an emeute. I could have coun-
seled them differently if I had dared to open my lips. At least I thought
I couid ; although I did not then hold the key to the mystery. I got it
from Paula Tueski.
io6

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

   In the afternoon of the day but one after the funeral I had a brief note
asking me to call on her. I went and found her surrounded by all the signs
and trappings of the deepest mourning. She received me very gravely, and
while there was any one in the room she played the part of the sorrowing,
disconsolate widow ; but the instant we were alone she showed a most inde-
cent and revolting haste to let me know her mind.

   “ We are alone now, Alexis,” she said.

   “ I have called as you asked and because I wished to express my sym-
pathy-”

   “ Psh ! Don’t let us be hypocrites, you and I,” she exclaimed, half
angrily, and with great energy. “I do not pretend to j'ou that I am sorry
to be free, and don’t you pretend to me either.”

   I didn’t answer, and my silence irritated her.

   “Would you have me weep, tear my hair, put ashes on my head and
grovel in the dust because the biggest villain and coward that ever lived in
human shape is dead ? I hated him living ; shall I love him dead ? ”

   “ At least the dead are dead, and to revile them is mere empty brutality,”
said I, somew'hat harshly.

   ‘ ‘ Then I like empty brutality if it relieves my feelings. I have been a
hypocrite long enough. I should hate myself if I did not speak the truth to
you.”

   I shrugged my shoulders. I had no answer.

   “ Why didn’t you send a wreath of pure white fkywers as an emblem of
your regard ? Why not a message to swell the millions of lies that men have
uttered in their squalid fear of offending the government by silence ? Ugh !
It makes me sick when I think of it all; ” and she shuddered as if in disgust.
“ He was a fiend, and I won’t call him by anj^ softer name merely because
his power to harm is gone. Didn’t he try to murder you? And wasn’t it
jealousy? Ah, we have much to be thankful to the Nihilists for, you and I.”
There was an indescribable suggestion of a hidden meaning about this.

   I hated the woman.

   “ You have no clue yet, I suppose ? ”

   “Yes, I have a clue,” she replied, with a laugh that sounded like a
threat. “ I can put my hand on the murderer when I will—and I will, if he
proves a traitor.”

   “ You are in a dramatic mood,” I answered. “ Who is the man ? Why
not denounce him? Surely this act is what you must call treachery.”

   “ There was a Nihilist plot to kill the man,” she said, speaking with con-
temptuous flippancy of the dead.

   “ Yes, I told you that myself,” I replied.

   “ It was because of that he died.”

    ‘ ‘ So everybody thinks. ’ ’

   “ And how do you account for it ? ” she asked, looking at me keenly.

   “ I have no more idea than 3Tourself. ”

   She laughed, and a hard, forced laugh it was. Then she got up from her
chair and walked twice up and down the room in dead silence. She stopped
in front of me and stared down into my eyes.
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

107

    ‘ ‘ Alexis, do you really love me ? ’ ’

   The question was au exceedingly unpleasant one and filled me with disgust.

   “ Surely this is 110 time for us to speak of such things,” I said.

   “ Do you love me, Alexis? ” she repeated.

   “ I will not answer now,” I said, rising.

   ‘1 Why not ? Why should we not speak of love now—now, aye and always ?
Or is your passion so poor and sickly a thing that a puff from the wind of pro-
priety kills it ? Not speak of such things ! I would plight my love to you
across the very body of the dead man ! ” She spoke with passionate vehe-
mence. ‘ ‘ Remember what I told you—your life is mine. You cannot escape
me. Now, tell me, do you love me? ” ■

   “ I have given my answer, and if you ask that question again today I will
not stop in the room,” I said angrily ; the woman’s persistency increased my
disgust.

   She laughed—a half hysterical laugh of anger.

   “ So you will not stop in the room and will never I suppose return. Be care-
ful, ” she cried, with one of her quick, passionate changes, “ or I will send you
away and never let you come back except begging for mercy on your
knees for yourself and your sister.” She turned away and stood by the
window ; and I could see by her movements that she w’as struggling with
violent emotions.

   She came back at length, the face paler and the voice not so steady.

   “ I will ask you if you love me,” she said. “ And I dare you to go away
from the room.”

   I accepted the challenge without an instant’s hesitation.

   ‘ ‘ I am going. I wall see you when you are cooler ; ’ ’ and I went to the
door.

   With a quick rush she prevented my opening it, and putting her back to
it stared at me in the most violent passion, which thickened her voice as she
spoke.

   “ You shall go directly—if you wish to. You will make me hate you, one
day, Alexis, and then—I will kill you.”

   “ It will be far better for me to come some other time,” I said, anxious to
leave.

   “ You will have plenty of opportunities, never fear,” she retorted, with a
very angry, sneering laugh. “ And what is more, you will not dare not to
use them. Listen—it is love for 3’ou drives me to this—a love that you can
never escape now, Alexis, even if you had the will.”

   She paused, but I said nothing. I had nothing to say. All I wished
was to get away.

   “ Do you think there is anything I would not do for your love, Alexis?
I have told you there is nothing—told you so scores of times. Now I
have proved it. Do you hear ?—proved it. I proved it a few nights ago,
when this hand plunged the dagger into my husband’s heart—for your
sake. ’ ’

   I started back and looked at the woman in horror.

   “Yes, this hand”—she held it out—“so white, smooth, deft, and
io8

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

shapely. Don’t start from it. There is no blood showing on it now, and
never was. I know how to thrust a dagger home too cleverly to leave a trace
of either blood or guilt on me. In all this Moscow of ours the one person
who is deemed above all’others guiltless—is myself. Had it been in reality
the Nihilist deadly secret stroke that men deem it, it could not have been
more cunningly contrived, more secretly planned, more fatally executed.
Yet the motive was not hate of a government, but love for a man. For you,
Alexis ; you aud you only. Now do you wish to go ? ”

   She moved away from the door, but I made no attempt to move. The
horror of her story Ifad fascinated me.

      There was a tinge of hate in it, too, mark you, and more than a tinge. But
I’ll tell you all. You ought to know, since you were in reality the cause of
all. You gave me the motive, suggested the occasion, and provoked that
which led to it. More than that, too, you can by a single word from me be
made to bear the brunt. Now, will you go? ”

   Was the woman mad that she spoke in this way ? If so, there was a
devilish method in her madness as the story she told quickly showed me.

   ‘' I knew the day would come when either I should kill him or he w’ould
kill me ; for he was a devil. Well, you roused all that was most evil, vicious,
and fiendish in him in that interview, aud wThen I saw him he was like a man
bereft of his wits. Every form of reproach he could heap on me in cold, con-
temptuous, galling sneers he uttered with all the calculated aggravation that
could make a taunt unbearable. He threatened me in everj' tone of menace,
and when I answered, turned suddenly furious aud struck me violent blows
and vowed to kill me. It was then I recalled your words, that there was a
Nihilist plot against his life ; and I vowed I would be the means of carrying
it out; for I knew I could easily put suspicion away from me. I lured him
cunningly to that part of the house where he was found, plunged the dagger
into his breast, put into his pocket the forged warning of a Nihilist attack,
opened the house at a point where a man could have entered, fastened to the
dagger the Nihilist watchword, and then crept away to my own rooms.”

   “ It was a fiendish plot,” I exclaimed hotly.

   “ It was inspired by love for you, Alexis. It was truly ‘ For freedom’s
sake’—freedonwthat should unite us forever.”

   ‘ ‘ Do you think I could ever be anything to a woman whose hand is red
with murder?” I cried, in indignant horror.

   “ It was done for you—for love of you, Alexis.”

   “ Love has no kin with murder,” I exclaimed bitterly.

   “ Your life is mine, remember,” she answered firmly. Her determination
and strength were inexhaustible. “This makes you ten thousand times
more surely mine than ever. I told you you were the cause—and also, that
you could be made to bear the brunt. Listen. You know well enough what
chance a Nihilist has on whom the fangs of suspicion have fastened. You
are a Nihilist. Your sister is one also. I know this. Well, what think you
would that Nihilist have of his life whose dagger it was that found its way
between my husband’s ribs. What then, if I had found the sheath of it and
secreted it to save the man ? Suppose, too, that I had kept back the dis-
BY RIGHT OF SWORD,

109

covery because of my love for him ? And further that he was leaving the
house when my husband, roused by the noise I made, met him ; and that I
saw the deed done ? ’ ’ She paused and changed her tone to one of fierce
directness, as she continued : ‘1 The dagger that killed Christian Tueski is
your ow'n weapon, known by its sheath to a hundred people ; and that sheath,
with your name on it, is in my possession. What chance of life would there
be for you and yours if these things were made known. Now, do you wish
to go?”

   A hot and passionate reply rose to my lips, but was checked before
uttered. I thought of Olga, and I knew that every word this woman said
w'as true—that no power in Russia could save my life or Olga’s liberty if the
tale were told now.

   Delay I must have at any cost. Time in which to meet this woman’s
horrible cunning and daring plot. If I had hated her before, she was now'
loathsome ; while the fears she had stirred on Olga’s account intensified and
embittered a thousandfold my resentment. Yet hateful as the task was, I
was prepared to continue my part with her.

   “You think this love?” I said, after a pause in which she had been
waiting breathlessly for me to speak. “ Do women love the men they hold to
them by the tether rope of threats ? ’ ’

    ‘ ‘ Do women kill for the sake of men they do not love ? ’ ’

   “ Do you think to keep m37 love by threatening me with death? ”

   ‘ ‘ Have I not inflicted death to keep you ? Why do you wish to bandy
phrases? My deeds speak for themselves. They show you well enough
what I wTill dare to keep you true to me. You are mine, Alexis, and no
power shall ever part us. I have told you this often before. It was you
w'ho sought me, who proffered me your love. Do you think me a silly,
simple fool to be wooed and won and when deserted, willing to do no more
than wring m>’ feeble hands and shed silly tears, and prate and maunder
between my stupid sobs, that my heart is broken and that I fain would die ?
Bah ! I am not of that sort. I am a woman who can will and act, and
fashion my own ends in my own way. It is not the stream that carries me,
but I wrho turn the stream even though it be mingled with blood. No, no.
If you pla}' me false, Alexis, it is you and not I who shall die because my
heart is broken. ’ ’

  She showed this determination in every line of her beautiful face and
movement of her magnificent figure, as she stood before me a lovely, hateful
type of a vengeful woman. She changed her mood, however, with astonish-
ing suddenness and turned all softness and tenderness.

   “ But under all this lies my love,” she said. “ It was love drove me to
everything. Your pledge to that made me feel as nothing else could have
done the wall of separation between us while he lived ; and my love could
not endure it. Ah, how I love you ! ”

   While she was speaking, I was thinking ; trying to see some flaw in the
coil she had spread round me. But I could see none. Time might find a
w'ay ; but even time she grudged, and did not mean to give.

   “But we can’t be married now at the moment when 3'our husband is
no

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

scarcely lying cold in his grave,” I said, aghast at her cold blooded proposi-
tion. “ Every man and woman in Moscow would immediately think we had
murdered him together in order to marry.”

   ‘ ‘ Every man and woman will not know, ’ ’ she answered calmly. ‘ ‘ Do
you think there is no such thing possible in this holy Russia of ours, or that
gold cannot buy silence here just as well as anywhere else in the world ? ”

   “ I know that a secret marriage under these circumstances would put
the lives of us both into the keeping of any one who knew of it, however
w7ell you paid him. The more you paid, indeed, the more certain the
inference.”

    ‘ ‘ I care nothing for that ; nor will you if you love me as you have often
sworn you do.” She uttered this with the energy and passion which always
were shown when she was crossed. But in this I was naturally as resolute
as she.

   “ I will not do it,” I said very firmly. “ Understand me. I will not do
it. It has nothing to do with love in any way at all ; but simply self pro-
tection. It would be sheer suicide, and that I can do much more simply in
other ways. I refuse absolutely to put both our lives into the keeping of
any man in Russia, however holy and however well bribed. When we are
married, it must be openly in the light of day and before men’s faces ; and
that most certainly cannot be until all this excitement about your husband’s
death has died down, and the marriage can take place without causing suspi-
cion. That must be at least six months hence—and probably a year or even
two years.”

   “ I won’t wait,” she cried instantly and angrily. “You want to break
with me. I am no fool.”

   “ As you will. Then instead of marrying me you can denounce me and
come and see me beheaded or strangled. If you threaten me much longer,”
I said bitterly, ‘ ‘ you will make me prefer one of the latter fates. ’ ’

   She bent close to me, trying to read my thoughts.

    ‘ ‘ And meanwhile ? ’ ’ she asked.

   ‘ ‘ Are you such a mad woman that you would have us placard the walls
of the city with our secrets? Haven’t we all Russia to hoodwink? Do you
suppose your police agents and secret agents are all fools, to see nothing,
think nothing, infer nothing ? It may be hard for us to be apart, but what
else is possible ? Even this visit is foolhardiness itself and may set a thou-
sand tongues clacking. Heaven knows, if ever a pair of lovers had need
of caution we have. Have you dared so much for our marriage only
to toss it all away now just for the lack of a little self control ? We
must see very little of each other. That is the only possible course.”

    “ I’ll not consent,” she cried again, vehemently, and then broke out into
a fresh storm of protests and reproaches. But I held to my decision, confi-
dent that she would see she must give way.

   We parted without coming to any definite understanding ; and I was glad
because it spared me the infliction of those outward signs of affection in
which she delighted to indulge, and which now would have been more than
ever repulsive.
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

in

   But the knowledge of the increased peril and embarrassment overwhelmed
me with a feeling of anxious doubt and most painful and galling impotence.

          Chapter XVI.—The Next Nihilist Plot.

   It seemed to me when I thought over my interview with Paula Tueski,
that the complications which surrounded me could not possibly be in-
creased. It was of course hopeless to think of leaving Russia except by
some stratagem or in disguise ; and this would be all the more difficult be-
cause Olga must leave first, and her flight would undoubtedly turn attention
on me.

    A positively baffling set of conditions faced me whichever way I turned.
If I stayed on, Paula Tueski would insist on the marriage, and the crisis
would come that way. If I attempted to go, she herself would join with the
police in following me, and the mere endeavor to fly would give just that
color to her story which would make all the world ready to believe it.

    Again, if I tried the remaining alternative of proclaiming my identity, I
had so egregiously compromised myself that I could not hope to escape heavy
punishment of some sort; while it would certainly implicate Olga and at the
same time have no effect against the direct lies to which Paula Tueski was
ready to swear.

   Above all, a great change had come over me. I washed to live and keep
my freedom. The old indifference and apathy were gone. My object now
was to get both Olga and myself out of the country in safety ; and thus I took
diametrically opposite views of difficulties which a few days previously—be-
fore I had made the discovery of my love for Olga—would have caused me
little more than a laugh of amused perplexity.

    Baffling as the puzzle was, it became infinitely more involved and perilous
a few days later. Two fresh complications came to kill every forlorn hope.

    My Nihilist friends were responsible for the first.

    The belief that I had struck down the chief of the secret police and had
done it in a manner so mysterious and impenetrable that it staggered the
most ingenious police spies and defied the efforts of the astutest detectives,
surrounded me with a glamour of wholly undeserved and undesired reputation.

    The first intimation of this had reached me through Olga and was followed
by several others ; and I received clear proof that I w'as now regarded as a
sort of leader of the forlorn hopes of these wild and desperate men. A man
w7ho could alone and unaided achieve what I was believed to have achieved,
was held capable of the greatest deeds. So they appeared to argue, and I
wras accordingly picked out next for a task of infinite danger and hazard in
a plot of even more tremendous consequences than that of the recent murder.

    It was nothing less than the assassination of the Czar.

   It was resolved, by whom and in what center of the empire I never knew,
to follow up the murder of Christian Tueski by the greater blow and to strike
this with the utmost possible despatch ; as a proof of the desperate courage
and daring of the Nihilists.

   I was chosen to play one of the chief parts. I had no option to refuse.
112

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

There was no choice given me. The task was committed to me, just as a
command might have been given me by my military superior officer. When
I attempted to decline, I was given to understand that refusal meant death.

   I was thus placed in a position of cruel difficulty, and I pondered with
close self searching what I ought to do. Looking back, I think I made a
blunder in not disclosing all I knew to the authorities, leaving them to take
what steps they pleased ; but in forming my decision at the time I was swayed
by a number of considerations most difficult to wreigh.

   One of my chief reasons for holding my tongue was that as the plot fol-
lowed so soon after the Tueski murder—for the plans wrere all made within a
week—the fact that I knew so much of Nihilist affairs at such a time, would
bring both Olga and myself under suspicion of having been privy to the
former one. In such a case everything I wished to win would be jeopardized.
A single breath of suspicion would have been enough to sweep us both into a
jail ; and once there, no one could say when, if ever, we should come out;
for the whole country was red hot against the Nihilists, and men of the high-
est rank and wealth were languishing in jail.

   I was also much concerned as to my supposed past. I knew that the old
Alexis was gravely compromised ; but what he had actually done, I did not
know. If any old offenses were raked up I should be certain to be called to
account for them now, while Olga would inevitably suffer with me.

   For those reasons I decided to hold my tongue and to seek my own means
for causing the infernal scheme to miss its aim. I reckoned that as I was
to have a principal part assigned to me I could, by my own effort, either
through apparent stupidity or by wilful design, wreck the whole project;
and with this object I thought carefully over every detail intrusted to me.

   The scheme was ingenious and, save in one respect, simple enough. A
fortnight later the emperor was to pay a visit to Moscow, aud already prepa-
tions had been begun for his reception. At one time it was thought he
would refuse to come because of the Tueski murder ; but with that unerring
accuracy that always made me marvel, till I ascertained the cause, the
Nihilist leaders learned the imperial intentions before they were known in
some of even the closest official circles.

   What the Czar decided to do was to have all the preparations carried on
as though the original arrangement for the visit were to be carried out, but
at the last moment to make a change which would baffle any plots. He
meant to alter the arrangement of the train by which he would travel, and
this at the very last moment.

   The object of this was of course to tliVvart any plot that might be laid to
attack the train in which he traveled, and thereby discover the plotters.

   But the double cunning of the Nihilists w^as quite equal to this change ;
and the plot was indeed exactly what the officials had anticipated—to wreck
the train in which the Czar traveled—and I think it was chosen for the very
reason of its apparent obviousness. Given precise information of the imperial
movements and a little double cunning in the plans, it was likely enough
that the authorities would be especially vulnerable in just that spot in which
they believed they had most effectively guarded themselves.
           BY RIGHT OF SWORD.	113

             The official reasoning was that if the train in which the Czar was publicly
         but erroneously believed to be traveling could pass safely, then that in which
         his majesty would actually be, would be sure to get by without mishap. The
         Nihilists’ plans were laid in full knowledge of the official theory.

            A part of the line about ten miles from the city wTas chosen, where the
         rails ran in a dead straight course over a comparatively flat country for some
         five or six miles, and it was chosen because it was the spot which the author-
         ities would the least suspect, since it was most easy to watch and guard. A
         man standing at either end of the long, flat stretch could with a glass
         watch not only the line itself, but also the land adjoining the line. Of all
         the spots the train would pass this was by far the unlikeliest to be selected for
         any Nihilist attack.

            The most prominent aud conspicuous spot of all was that moreover which
         was picked out for the actual attempt. At that particular point a shallow
         dip in the fields caused the line to be embanked to a height of some ten
         or twelve feet ; aud the key of the plan was to fix levers to two of the rails
         so that they could be moved at the very last moment, just when the train
         was within a few yards of them. In this way the train would be turned off ~
         the metals aud sent over the embankment into the fields.

            The levers, worked by electric motive power, were of course out of sight
         under the wooden sleepers; aud the wires were trailed in tubes down
         inside the embankment and away through field drains to a house more
         than half a mile distant from the line where the operators were to remain
         until after the “ accident.”

            When the train fell over the embankment into the field my work was to
         be done. I was told that I should be in charge of the soldiers who would be
         told off to guard that part of the line ; aud I was to draw my men up
         round the emperor and, under the guise of protecting and helping him, was
         to make a clear way for the assassins to do their work, in the event of the
         emperor not being killed by the “accident.”

            Personally, I did not dislike the scheme, because I thought I could see
         several ways in which I could prevent any fatal outcome, should I have to
         remain in the country long enough to compel me to take part in it. It would
         be easy enough for me to appear to lose my head at the last moment, for
         instance, and so bungle matters that the men w'ho were to kill the emperor
         would be in fact prevented from approaching him.

            But there was also in this a desperate personal risk to myself. I knew
         that these men would be picked from among the most reckless and daring
         spirits in the empire ; men suffering under the grossest personal wrongs as
         well as inspired bythe wildest political fanaticism. To them the blood of either
         friend or foe was as nothing if it stood in the way of what their unbalanced
         minds deemed justice and right.

            It was thus a perilous aud slippery eminence to which I had been thrust,
         and it increased infinitely the hazard of my course.

            My thoughts therefore returned to the idea of flight with redoubled in-
         centive ; and a circumstance occurred which seemed to promise me some help
         in this direction.

                     (H)
114

BY RIGHT OF SWORD,

   A letter came to me from “ Hamylton Tregethner,” Olga's brother. He
had escaped, as we knew, and had made his way to Paris. He: was going on,
he said, to America as soon as he had enjoyed himself; and when he found
himself in New York, he purposed to change his name and nationality once
more and be a Pole.

    “ I have not had many adventures,” he wrote ; “ nor do I seem to have
met many men who know me. But I had one encounter that was rather
amusing. I was at breakfast and saw a man staring hard at me from the
other side of the room. I thought he might be a friend and so I did not look
at him. But he would not take his eyes from me, and when I left the table
he followed and spoke to me. ‘ Hamylton, old man, I did not know you at
first. You’re looking frightfully ill and altered. You’re not going to cut
me.’ This gave me a cue, though I did not understand all he said, when he
added something about ‘ on account of somebody’s conduct.’ I did cut him,
however ; looked him hard in the face and curling my lip as if in profound con-
tempt, I turned on my heel. I had the curiosity to ask afterwards who he was,
and they gave me his name as the Hon. Rupert Balestier. I suppose I know
him, but I thought the best way was not to speak. I did not shake him off,
however, for that night he saw me again just when I was speaking English
to some other men. I saw him listening as if he could not believe his ears ;
and as soon as I was alone he came up and asked me who I was and what
right I had to masquerade as his old friend, Hamylton Tregethner. For
answer I gave him another stare and got away. Then I changed my hotel
and am going away from Paris for a few days. I do not intend to be bothered
by the man.”

    My first impression of this incident was that it boded further danger. I
knew Balestier. He was a man of great resolution, and if he imagined that
any one was masquerading in my name in Paris, he would think nothing of
rousing both the English and Russian embassies ; or of coming on to Moscow
himself to probe the thing to the bottom. He loved mysteries ; was most
active, energetic, and enterprising; and nothing would suit him better than
to have imported into his rather purposeless life some such task as a search
for me half over Europe. He was quite capable, too, of jumping to the con-
clusion that the man he had met had murdered and was personating me ; and
in a belief of the kind he was just the one to raise the hue and cry in every
police office on the Continent.

   What the real Alexis called “speaking English” was of course bad
enough to brand him anywhere as an impostor should he try to pass himself
off as an Englishman. Balestier had no doubt listened in amazement to this
strange jargon coming from lips that looked like mine ; and the extraordinary
likeness and “ my ” peculiar conduct would quite complete his perplexity.

    Probably I should hear more of the matter ; and this set me considering
whether I could not manage in some way to communicate with Balestier and
get him to help in smuggling Olga across the frontier. He would revel in
the work if I could only find him.

    I turned to “ Tregethner’s ” letters, therefore, to find the name of the
hotel, and to my infinite annoyance the fool had not mentioned it ; while his
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

115

intention to run away from Paris aud Balestier would cause more delay.
The fellow was not only a coward but an idiot as well; and I could have
kicked him liberal^, if my foot could only have reached from Moscow to
Paris.

   As it was, Balestier, with the best will in the w’orld, would probably be
blundering about and plunging me still deeper into the mud, when he not
only could, but would, have given me valuable help if I could have got at
him to tell him what to do.

    I felt like Tantalus wThen I thought of it.

Chapter XVII.—An Extraordinary Adventure.

   The second complication was a much bigger matter ; and it was of so
strange a description aud fraught with consequences of such critical import-
ance to Olga and myself that of all my experiences of that time it deserves to
be classed as the most remarkable. Like all else then, it came quite un-
sought by me, and as the direct and unavoidable consequence of the first step
in my new life—the duel with Devinsky and my consequent repute as a
swordsman.

   A day or two after Tueski’s funeral, and while the city was still quivering
aud staggering under the effects of the supposed Nihilist blow, a great ball
took place at the Valniski Palace.

   Count Valniski was among the richest men in Moscow, bidding hard for
power and courting popularity right and left among all classes. To this ball
all the officers of my regiment were invited, together with many of their
friends. Among the latter Olga had a card ; and although we were certainly
in a poor mood for a function of the kind, we felt it expedient to do what
all the world was doing, lest by remaining away we should attract attention
to ourselves.

   It was a very' brilliant affair, as these big Russian balls always are, and
the crowd included many of the best and smartest people in Moscow. I
moved about the rooms, not dancing much, but exchanging a word now and
then with my brother officers and with other people who claimed acquaint-
ance with me.

   Olga had plenty of partners among my comrades, and as she was dancing
with one of them I stood watching her and thinking how completely I had
dropped into the new social grooves of this Moscow life and how quickly my
first feelings of strangeness had worn off, when my friend Essaieff came up
to me.

   “ Alexis, I have a commission that concerns you,” he said.

  “Well?”

   “ You’re in luck. Try aud guess.”

   “Can’t,” I replied, shaking my head. “Unless the war’s broken out
and I’m to have a step. What is it ? ”

   “ There’s a woman in it. High up, too.” There were only two women
in Moscow I ever thought about; and one of them I wished to see safe out
of Russia and the other anywhere out of my way.
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

   “ Give it up,” I said, with a smile.

   “It’s that smile of yours fetches ’em, I believe,” said Essaieff, smiling
in his turn. “ It makes your face one of the pleasantest things in the world
to look at.” He had ripened quickly into a very familiar friend and we
were great chums now.

   “ What is there you want me to do, old man? You wouldn’t waste that
flower of speech for nothing. ’ ’

   “ Well, something’s done it. I have been asked to present you to one of
the wealthiest, most beautiful, and most influential women in Moscow—the
Princess Weletsky ; and asked in terms which seemed to imply that the
honor of the introduction will be conferred on her.”

   “The Princess Weletsky? Who is she?” I inquired in absolute ignor-
ance.	"

   “ That’s just like you, Alexis. I’m getting to know that sweet innocence
of yours. Whenever I mention a name that all Russia knows, you make the
same lame show and ask who’s he, or who’s she? You’ve heard of her
a thousand times. You can’t help hearing of her. You couldn’t if you
tried. ’ ’

   “ All right,” I laughed, to turn my mistake. “ Have you been talking
about me ? ’ ’ He laughed at the idea.

   “ Why, man, where are your wits? Do you think the princess and I are
on gossiping terms. I’m only the fly on the wheel in this. She wishes to
know you ; I do know you ; she once sent me a card for oue of her assemblies
and snubbed me in a high bred manner ; now she can use me and accordingly
I am paraded for duty—to introduce you. Come along or she’ll be getting
some court executioner to cut my throat for loitering.”

   I followed him, wondering what it could mean ; and half a minute later
was presented to one of the most lovely and stately women I have ever seen.
A queenly woman, indeed, and I should have been an icicle if I had not
admired her. I have seen many lovely women of all types, but in all my
life none to compare with the exquisite magnificence of this Russian beauty.

   Her reception of me could not have been more cordial had I been one of
the greatest of Russia’s nobles, or had she begun to entertain some strong
favor for me.

   I asked for the honor of a dance and she gave me her program, telling me
I might write my name where I would. As it was empty, this seemed a
generous invitation ; but I scribbled my initials against two dances, and was
then going to move off.

   She glanced at the program and smiled. I cannot describe the effect
which a smile produced on her face.

   “I had purposely kept the next dance for you, lieutenant,” she said.
“ But I see your reputation has not belied you.”

   “ My reputation ? ”

   “Yes. But I have much I should like to say to you. I have heard of
you often ; as a daring man even among Russia’s most daring ; and as modest
as brave. ’ ’

   “ Rumor is often an unreliable witness,” said I.
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.	117

   •' She has not always spoken so kindly of you, lieutenant. But to see
you is enough to prove the truth of her tales. ’ ’

   We danced that dance, and she declared that I waltzed better than any
man in the room ; and at the close of the dance she asked me to take her to
one of the conservatories. We sat there during two dances until the first that
I had initialed came, and then w7e danced again.

   All the time she fascinated me with her manner and the infinite subtlety
with which she implied the admiration she felt for my bravery, my skill as a
soldier and a swordsman, my strength—everything in short; while she was
loud in the expressions of the interest which she said she should take in my
future.

   At the close of the dance she sent me to fetch my sister ; and when I
presented her she made Olga sit down at her side and presently sent me away,
saying that women’s friendship ripened much more quickly when they were
alone—especially if they w7ere interested in the same man. All of which
would have been very sound philosophy, had Olga been my sister in reality.

   Essaieff had been watching me, and now chaffed me a good deal about my
“ conquest,” and grew enthusiastic about my future.

   “ By Gad, man, she’s as rich as a grand duke ; and there is no limit to
the height her husband may not climb. Play your cards well now ; and
you’ve got all the pluck—aye, and the brains too, if you like to use them ;
and you’ll be war minister before I apply for my colonelcy.”

   I laughed lightly, but I thought to myself that if he only knew the
skeletons in my cupboard that were gibbering and rattling their bones in mock-
ery of me, he wouldn’t tell quite such an enthusiastic fortune for me.

   When I went back for my next dance with the princess, Olga was just
being led away7 by a handsome young partner whom the princess had secured
for her.

   “Olga is most delightful,” she said, with one of her smiles. “She is
worthy of—any one ; and a most enthusiastic sister. She is the most genuine
soul I ever knew. She will be my dear friend, when her reserve has worn
off.” I thought I knew the cause of the “ reserve,” but I kept the thought
to myself.

   I did not think that at such a time any woman on earth could have exer-
cised so strong an influence over me in the course of no more than an hour
or two ; and when we sat together after our last dance for a few minutes
before she left, I felt I would have done almost anything on earth she asked
to serve her. Something that she said drew from me a rather random pro-
testation to this effect, and she reddened and started, and then, after a rapid
searching glance shot into my face, she sat silent, fingering her fan restlesslv.
While doing this her program caught her attention.

   She looked at it, and held it so that I could read it.

   “ No name but yours,” she said, almost in a whisper. I saw this was so.
Then she broke the silken cord by which it was fastened to her w'rist, and
with another glance at me she put it away into her bosom.

   It was a little action, but from such a woman what did it not mean? T
was amazed.
118

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

   Another long pause followed.

   Then she laid her hand in mine and looked straight at me.

   “ Are you really a brave man ? ” she asked. I seemed to take fire under
her touch and look.

   “ That is not a question a man can answer for himself. Test me.”

    ‘ ‘ If your sister were insulted, would you fight for her ? ’ ’ She little knew
the cord she had touched, or guessed how the reference cooled me.

    “ I have already done so,” I returned.

   “ In days of old men fought for any woman who was wronged. Would
you ? ’ ’

    “ I have done it before now,” I answered, still thinking of Olga, and my
thoughts for some reason slipped back to the first meeting on the Moscow
platform.

   She paused and looked away from me for a moment as if hesitating; and
then leaning close to me that I could feel her warm breath on my cheek as
she spoke, while her grasp tightened on my arm, she said in a tone of deep
feeling :

   “ I have been wronged. You see me here as I am aud what I am, but
save for the happiness you have made me feel in being with you, I am the
most wretched woman in all Russia. Will you help me ? Dare you ? ’ ’ And
she seemed to hang on my words as she waited for my reply, her eyes search-
ing mine as if to read my answer there.

    I was about to reply with a pledge inspired by the enthusiasm with which
she had fired me, when my instinctive caution restrained me. She was
quick to see my moment’s hesitation, and not willing to risk a refusal, she
added hastily:

    “ We cannot talk of this here. I ought not to have spoken of it now ; but
you seem to have drawn my very soul from me. Come to me tomorrow to
my house. I will be alone at three. You will come—my friend?” And
indescribable solicitude spoke through her last two words, all suggestive of
infinite trust in me.

    “ Certainly,” I cried. “ And certainly your friend, if I dare.”

   She answered with a glance ; and then seemed to cast aside her excite-
ment. Rising she let me lead her back to the ballroom.

   When I left her there were others round us, but as she bowed I caught a
glance and the whispered words :

   “I trust you.”

   I turned away half bewildered, and went home at once, pondering what
was to be the upshot of this new development.

Chapter XVIII.—The Reason op the Intrigue.

   When I was alone, and the strange charm of the Princess Weletsky’s
presence had given way to calm reflection, my doubts began to grow. I was
naturally a cautious man under ordinary circumstances : and now my sus-
picions were the keener because my caution had been momentarily lulled to

sleep.
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

119

   I was all inclined to disbelieve the story which the princess had told, or
rather had suggested ; and I begau to look behind all she had said for some
motive or intrigue. I thought she might wish for the help of my sword for
some altogether different purpose than she had suggested; but I could think
of nothing. Nor could Olga, with whom I spoke very freely on the subject.

   She said she could see no more than appeared on the surface ; aud what
that was it was superfluous to ask ; especially when she told me that the prin-
cess could or would talk of nothing else to her but my bravery, my good
looks, my courtesy, my chivalry, and so on, at great length.

   “It is agreeable to have my brother praised,” said Olga once, laughing.
“ But there are limits.”

   During the next four or five days Olga had ample opportunities of hearing
these praises, moreover, as the princess would scarcely let her out of her
sight. When I called ou the day following the ball, I found the two together,
aud the princess, in the few words we had together out of my sister’s hear-
ing, would say nothing at all about the subject of her wrongs. She enlarged
011 the suggestion of the previous night that she had been led by her impulses
and her instinctive trust in me to speak too fully.

   For some days she maintained the same attitude of reserve, and then
quite suddenly, when we were alone, she changed again and in words which
I could not fail to understand she let me know indirectly that if I would
avenge her wrongs, her hand would be my reward.

   I have never in my life had to face a more awkward crisis than that.
What reply she expected I cannot tell: whether she looked for some eager,
passionate protestations of love, or some strong pledge of defense, or what.
Whether she really cared for me and the confusion she showed was the sign
of it, or whether the whole part was assumed and everything mere acting, I
cannot say. But I know that I on my part felt indescribably embarrassed
and scarcely knew who to answer her.

   I knew the danger to Olga and myself of offending a woman so highly
placed, so influential and powerful as the princess. We had enough
troubles as it was ; • and if they were to be multiplied and aggravated in this
way, we should be overwhelmed. It was certain that I must find some way
of temporizing.

   “ Princess, I am your devoted servant to do with as you will,” I answered.
“ And if my sword can be of service, tell me how.” She started and flushed
with pleasure as I said this.

     I knew I should not count on you in vain. The Grand Duke Ser-
vanieff will now learn that a more stalwart arm than his protects me from
his insults. ’ ’ Her eyes seemed to glitter as she watched the effect of this
name on me.

   ‘ ‘ Do you mean that that is the man you wish me to fight ? ” I cried in
the deepest astonishment. He was all but on the very steps of the throne,
and if I had approached him he would have brushed me away into a jail
with no more concern or difficulty than he would have whisked a fly off his
hand.

   The woman was mad.
120	by right of sword,

    “ He persists in forcing his attentions on me, and I will not liave them,”
she said.

   All my suspicions had been stung into activity by the mention of the
name of the grand duke ; and as I looked at her she appeared to be watching
me too closely to be natural as she added : “ He cannot refuse to meet any
one to whom I give the right to protect me from him.”

    It was an intrigue, I was sure of it ; and this lovely woman was making
me her tool. I answered guardedly.

    ‘ ‘ A lieutenant in a marching regiment wrho should presume to challenge
that man would stand a better chance of being whipped at the cart’s tail than
of meeting him.”

    “ He is a great swordsman, I know,” she said, as if to pour suspicion on
my courage. But I was not a fool to be tripped up by a gibe. If I had
wished to marry the woman I would have consented readily enough there
and then aud risked all ; but my object was to get out of Russia and to get
Olga out with me.

    “ I should not fear him were he twice as skilful ; but this is 110 mere matter
of sword fence. ’ ’

    “ Easy words, lieutenant.”

   “ I will make them good, princess, replied I quietly. “But I must
first see the course clearer for the meeting. What say your friends ? Can I
depend 011 their influence ? ”

   “ Won’t you do this for me, then? Ami mistaken in you?” There
was a sharp accent of irritation in her tone that I noticed now.

    “ Princess, it does not best become a beautiful woman to doubt a man’s
courage until he is proved a craven. Here is no matter of personal courage
only ; but I should be loosing upon me all the waters of bitterest political
intrigue. Alone I should be absolutely powerless to stem the torrents that
would sweep me to certain ruin. Alone, therefore, I cannot do what you
ask. But understand me, give me the powerful support of your family, and
I will meet the man, were he fifty times the highness that he is—if we can
arrange the meeting.”

    She seemed disappointed at this—quite unreasonably so—and tried to move
me. But I stood firm, and then with evident reluctance she told me her brother
was with her in the matter, and that if I would see him all would be simple.

    “ My brother, Prince Bilbassoff, is, as you know, Minister of the Interior
and is now in Moscow in connection with the visit of the emperor.” I had
not known who her brother was, but when she gave me the name and told
me W’here I could see him, a rapid conclusion leaped into my thoughts.

  ^Prince Bilbassoff was the real pow'er behind the police, and I was prob-
ably going to find now why Christian Tueski had had to hold his hand
against me.

    I wrent at once to see him. I found him the very opposite of the popular
ideal of a bureaucrat—a short, gray, close haired, spare man, with the air of
a man of the world, and a pleasant, cheery manner that suggested nothing
formidable or even powerful. Yet without doubt the man was in many
respects the most powerful and the most feared in all Russia.
BY RIGHT OF SWORD.	121

   He appeared to be expecting me, for the instant I was announced he got
up and welcomed me wdth a hearty shake of the hand and said :

   “ I thought my sister would have to make us acquainted, Lieutenant
Petrovitch. She said she wouldn’t, but I expected you. Women think
beauty will do everything, and somehow are always calculating without the
effects of self interest. Don’t you think so ? ” He spoke with a sort of easy
club mannerism, and just let his eyes rest a moment on my face.

   “ Of course you know the drift of what has passed, then? ”

   “ Of course I do. As well as I know that y7our coming to me means that
my sister’s method has failed. I from the first disagreed with it. I know7 a
great deal about you, Lieutenant Petrovitch, and I think I could have saved
time. But my sister was attracted to you—women always like you hand-
some young fire eaters, especially women like my sister—and as she is to
take a rather large hand in the matter, she wanted to play it her own way.
She appealed to your feelings, lieutenant. I should have gone straight to
your interest ; and really it will be to your interest to do this.”

   “ Will you tell me plainly w7hat is wanted? ”

   “ Certainly. The death of the man whose name has no doubt been men-
tioned to you.”

  “ Why?”

   “ Not because he has insulted my sister, though that is fortunately7 a
plausible pretext ; but because he is a menace to the empire.”

   His bluntness astounded me.

   “ Do you take me for an assassin ? ”

   “ No. I take y^ou for a very resolute young man, w'ith a great skill of
fence, a large desire to push your fortunes high, and not too much scruple to
act like a swrord scabbard between your legs and trip you up. If you weren’t
that, you’d be no use to me. As you are, I open before you a career such as
lies before 110 other man in the emperor’s wide dominions.”

   “And if I refuse?”

   He laughed and shrugged his shoulders.

   “ You won’t refuse,’.’ he said, shaking his head. “ If you do, you will
be a young fool—too foolish to be trusted at large.”

   I knew w7hat he meant; and when I looked at him next, I understood
why men feared him. That laugh of his would usher a man to the knout or
the gallows.

   I thought rapidly.

   “I like the project,” I replied. “ But can you arrange the meeting? ”
   He was quick as a flash and detected the false note in my voice.

   “ Lieutenant, there are two courses open to you,” he said in a tone so
sharp, stern, and ringing that the change surprised me. “ You can accept or
refuse the offer—but don’t try to fool me.”

   “ Well, then, I’m not a murderer,” I rapped out, angered by his w7ords.
“That’s better,” he said, with a return to his light, clubbish manner.
“ But this is no murder. The man is a traitor, and no juster act could be
compassed than his death.”

   “ Then why not do it openly ? ”
122

BY RIGHT OF SWORD.

   ‘‘Is justice always done openly? Of course we might do that, but he
would laugh at our efforts. We might get him assassinated ; but he is too
powerful and the noise of the act would defeat the very object we have in
view. He is a swordsman worthy of your skill.”

    I sat thinking, but not in the groove he guessed.

    “ We’ll make your sister’s fortune as well,” he said, raising the terms.
‘‘She shall make a marriage into one of the best families in Russia, and
found a family of the highest distinction. Think, lieutenant.”

    I was thinking about as hard as I could, but no opening offered itself.

   “ I must have time to determine,” I said. “It seems to me that I run
the chance of playing the catspaw with all the flame for my share. What
guarantee have I that if I do this and am successful I shall not then be
deemed—too foolish to be trusted at large, as you say ? ”

    ‘ ‘ First my honor ; secondly, your betrothal to my sister; and thirdly,
her feeling for yourself.”

    “ And if I refuse ; Siberia, I suppose ? ”

    “ No, not so far as that,” he replied lightly.

   ‘1 But what if I feign to consent and carry the story to the man you
threaten ? ’ ’

   “There is that chance, of course. But in the first place he would not
believe you, lieutenant; and in the second, if he did, neither you nor he
could do any harm : aud iu the third, you would have me for an enemy.
And I am pleasanter as well as safer as a friend. ’ ’

    “ How long will you give me to decide ? ”

   “ A week. We can then announce the betrothal just before the emperor’s
visit here, and gain the imperial blessing on so righteous a marriage—between
a brave man and a beautiful woman, each motived by the highest patriotic
feelings for Russia. ’ ’

    With this half sneer ringing in my ears, he sent me away.

   I went home in a very unenviable frame of mind ; and my temper was
not improved by meeting my old opponent, Devinsky, near my rooms.

    For the moment I was pow'erless to think of any possible means of relief.
My helplessness was so complete as to be almost ludicrous; and if it had not
been for Olga, I would have just let myself be dragged along by the singular
chain of events which had coiled themselves round me.

   I must rouse myself to some sort of effort for her sake, I saw that of
course. But a couple of hours’ thinking only increased my utter per-
plexity, and I went off to bed to try if sleep would clear my wits.

    I resolved to see Olga the next day as soon as possible after my regimen-
tal duties were over. There wTas but one thing possible. She must go at
once, and we must try to hit on some plan by which she could escape at any
hazard. But my regimental work was heavier than usual, and when it wras
over a meeting of the officers was called in reference to the impending visit
of the Czar. It was thus late in the afternoon before I could go to Olga.

    At the house, astounding news awaited me.

Arthur IV. Marchmont.

(to be continued.)
AN AMATEUR IN DYNAMITE.

A summer experience which fills a big space in the memory of a certain young machinist—
The expedient to which his fiancee resorted to counteract the mischievous
influence of a professional agitator.

HP HE long hot day was done, and the seething ocean of human life on the
East side seemed to have boiled up out of the fetid apartments of the
tenement houses, through the scuttleholes, and spread over the roofs.
Weary men sprawled at full length, smoking their pipes ; women gossiped
and nursed their babies ; lovers perched on the cope stones of partition walls ;
children played games and ran races, in apparent unconsciousness of the
abyss bordering their field; “growler” parties sang popular ballads. The
air vibrated with a myriad of voices in speech, laughter, song, and quarrel,
all swelling together in one great human chord, as pervasive and diffuse as
the faintly golden haze doming the city, the sky’s reflection of its million
lights.

   Gottlieb Hebick a stalwart young machinist, and Ottilie Boldtner, a
pretty, flaxen haired, and blue eyed feather worker, sat together upon the
partition wall of the two huge buildings that constituted the gruesome flats.
He, bestriding the cope stone, was in his shirt sleeves, but that was no in-
fraction of etiquette, for his coat lay upon his knees. She, sitting sidewise
upon the wall, facing him, seemed occupied with making plaits in the hem
of her apron.

   “You’re right, of course,” said the young man gloomily. “There
would be some risk in it. But, it’s hard, within a week of our wedding, to
have it knocked in the head. I had set my heart upon it and saved up
enough for a nice little home and a fair start. I was going to get the furni-
ture next week. We might chance it.”

   “ No, Gottlieb ; I am as sorry as you are ; but, just think. Suppose we
have our home and you can get no work, and our little savings are all gone
and nothing coming in. Then the home wall have to go, and I have to come
back to my father, and you must go away somewhere and look for work ;
and maybe we shall never see each other again. You know how it was with
the poor Meissners, and Gretchen Detweiler aud her man, and more we have
seen, all good, honest, hard working people. Maybe your shop will soon
start up again, aud then I will not say ‘ No,’ any more, but ‘ Yes,’ as soon
as you like.”

“ But suppose the strike lasts for months ; as strikes sometimes do ? ”

   “Then it would be a great deal worse for us married, that as we are.
But now you call it a strike, and a little bit ago you spoke of it as a lockout.
Which is it ? ”
124

AN AMATEUR IN DYNAMITE.

   "Both. Colonel Withers—the superintendent—posted notice of a ten
per cent cut in wages, because of dull times. Other manufacturers were
glutting the market with goods at cost or below, to raise money, and the
Vulcan works wyould have to cut or quit. ’ ’

   “ Yes. Times are bad, I know that. Everybody does.”

   “Some of us were willing to stand the cut until business picked up, but
others would not and when it w;as carried to the union, a strike was ordered. ”

   ‘ ‘ On the principle that no bread at all is better than nine tenths of a
loaf.”

   “ I don’t suppose they looked at it in exactly that w-ay. At all events,
when the committee called on Colonel Withers, he just said ‘All right ’ and
posted up another notice closing the works. That made the strike a lock-
out.”

   “ And there wouldn’t have been any lockout if the union had not ordered
a strike? ”

   “ No, I suppose not—if the men had stood the cut.”

   “ You men make me tired.”

   “ I didn’t favor a strike myself, and I guess nearly all the men in the
works, under the circumstances, after a growl would have let the ten per
cent go, but the union wouldn’t allow it.”

   “ So it was decided for you by those not directly concerned ? ”

   “ Well, we have to stand by the union, you know.”

   “ Will the union feed those it stops from earning their bread?”

   “If it has the funds, yes ; but some would go hungry rather than take its
money. I would.”

   “ And if the works start again with new hands, who are not strikers,
w'hat becomes of you men ? ’ ’

   “ We will have to do the best we can.”

    ‘ ‘ Will the union find work for you ? ’ ’

   “ Oh, no ! It is not for that.”

   Ottilie pondered. She was vaguely conscious of the imperative obligation
to “stand by the union,” but it was less a live issue to her mind
than to her lover’s. Her father, a piano maker, and her brother, a
violinist, both belonged to unions, and she had heard ‘ ‘ the union ’ ’ spoken
of with a sort of reverence all her life, yet she could not see that it ever did
anything but interfere with people making a living.

   Gottlieb went off to a meeting of the late employees of the Vulcan works.
A “growler” party, tw7o roofs away, broke up in a row’. The playing
children grew sleepy and lachrymose. Men began dragging up mattresses
from their rooms, to sleep on. Women disappeared, Ottilie among them,
with the duty of “ standing by the union ” still a matter of question in her
mind.

 *	* * * ;;<

   The strikers met in the long, low ceilinged hall back of the “ Liederliche
Kleeblatt ” saloon. A piano stood in one corner and the walls were decor-
ated with prize wreaths won in vocal contests by the little singing societies
that rehearsed and drank beer here two nights in each week. There was a
AN AMATEUR IN DYNAMITE,

X25

small platform used by speakers at strikers’ meetings, but which could be
taken apart and removed easily to give more room for the Sunday night
dances. A big hole in the partition wall betw’een the hall and the bar room
facilitated the supply of beer on all occasions.

   When Gottlieb entered, the smoke was so thick that he could only see
those nearest to him, but when his eyes grew a little accustomed to it, he
made out that Schmidt was making the report of the committee that had
waited on Colonel Withers. Everybody knew all about it already, but
listened intently to its formal presentation, which occupied some time, as
Schmidt w'as fond of details and had much indignation to express. Then,
everybody talked at once and there w7as much rattling of beer mugs to sum-
mon waiters. A few of the older men muttered to each other that it was
bad business as the time was ill chosen for a strike, but seemed fearful of being
overheard uttering such treason against the union.

   Gottlieb, less prudent and still under Ottilie’s influence, was strongly
minded to say the same thing out boldly, but was diffident about trying to
make a speech, and while he hesitated the platform was taken by a speaker
who, in a shrill voice that was almost a shriek, compelled attention by. the
cry :

   “ Brothers ! Fellow slaves ! The issue is life or death ! ”

   The utterer of that hysterical exordium was not one of the strikers, but
Gottlieb knew him by sight as Max Fiukelmaier, a stormy petrel of the
labor sea, whose screams were to be heard wherever trouble between masters
and men could be fomented. He was supposed to have a trade, but nobody
knew what it was. By virtue of his permanent attitude of revolt against
toil, he assumed to consider himself a sort of ex officio member of all bodies
of strikers. Whether cloak makers or plasterers, marble cutters, musicians,
horseshoers, or waiters were “ out,” Max was sure to be found among
them, always making furious speeches. Each strike in turn was a “ sacred
cause,” and he never neglected to mention that the “bloated aristocrats”
were “ fattening on the hearts’ blood ” of his hearers. He was in demand,
for strike leaders found him useful in stimulating flagging ardor among their
followers, and some evenings he had two or three sacred causes, for each of
which he was read}' to “ bare his breast to the tyrant’s steel.”

   Gottlieb listened, at first with mere curiosity, then with interest, and
finally, as if fascinated. Iu the animation of oratory, Max’ black, reptilian
eyes seemed to sparkle, his long nose to curl sinuously, his snaky locks to
lash the air like whips, and his lean figure to quiver with an energy too
fierce for words. One of his sentences that particularly impressed Gottlieb
was: “Your purse proud master, who refuses even consideration to your
bitter wrongs, cares nothing that, on his blood stained way to wealth, his
iron feet crush human hearts, stamp life out of the tender flowers of love and
hope that lie in his path.” It seemed as if Max must be referring to Ottilie.
How was the young man to know Max always said this when a strike com-
mittee had been repulsed ?

   The strike—or lockout—lasted long and the men met often. Max and Gott-
lieb became almost inseparable companions. The young man’s savings, in-
126	AN AMATEUR IN DYNAMITE.

stead of furnishing a home for Ottilie, were steadily and rapidly undergoing
conversion into beer, for allaying the unslakable thirst of the agitator, whose
diatribes against “ Capital, Church, and State, the Satanic Trinity in Unity,”
made his throat dry all the time.

    Herr Boldtner, the piano maker, a stolid, elderly Germau, not much given
to talking, shook his head gravely when he heard Gottlieb repeat, parrot-
like, the evil and violent talk of his friend, but wasted no words in argument.
Only, when he was gone, the old man would say to Ottilie, ‘ Some day he
does a big foolishness and comes by Sing Sing, sure.”

   The girl, whose apprehensions were already awakened by the too pain-
fully evident change in her lover’s formerly abstemious habits, was not a
little alarmed by her father’s prophecy, and set herself to watch for and, if
possible, arrest before it went too far, the “ foolishness” that would lead to
such a bad end. Gottlieb, she well knew, was not naturally an Anarchist,
but Max’s influence upon his impressionable nature was fast making him one.
“ And,” she said to herself, “ he will put Gottlieb up to do something awful
that will land him in jail, while he sits safe in the dark.” A prognostication
much more correct and nearer to realization than she imagined.

   She tried reasoning with him, against his reflection of Max’ specious
sophistries, but with little or no effect. He loved her, but said to himself,
“ Of course a woman could not see what necessity demands men shall do
against the capitalistic tyrants. The thought of fire and blood would frighten
her, and she would faint at sight of a spoonful of dynamite.”

    One very hot night Ottilie’s six year old brother, Hugo, was feverish and
slept badly. About midnight he cried for water and Ottilie, who was as a
mother to him, got up to supply his want. To do so, she had to enter the
kitchen, the rear room of the flat, and w*as momentarily startled by finding it
alight with the reflected glare of gas from a window facing her, in the next
extension of the building. That window was Gottlieb’s, as she well knew,
having often talked with him across the eight feet wide air space. In front
of each window—his and hers—was a fire escape balcony, rather rickety, as
such structures are apt to be on old houses, and lumbered with miscellaneous
utensils and debris.

    Fearing her lover might be ill, she looked across. He was fully dressed,
as if he had just come in, and in the act of taking from a coat pocket a small
package, that he laid very giugerly upon the table before which he stood.
Then he began taking something else from another pocket, but stopped
suddenly to look at the gas flame, as if it suggested an apprehension, under
the impulse of wThich he cautiously moved the package to the end of the
table farthest from the light and covered it with his hat. The something
else he next produced was simply a cylinder of metal, four or five iuches
long and probably two in diameter. With his strong fingers he unscrewed
a plug that fitted one end of it and peered inside. It was empty and he laid
it dow7n.

    The last thing he put on the table was what looked to Ottilie like a coil
of thick black string, with a bit of bright metal at one end. Before these
objects he stood motionless several minutes, regarding them gloomily, as if
AN AMATEUR IN DYNAMITE.

127

iii a reverie. Then seeming to suddenly remember that his window was
open, he started, stepped quickly to it, and looked out. All was silence and
darkness. Ottilie, in her unlighted kitchen, would not have been seen by
him, even had she not moved to one side, as she did. Reassured, he drew
down the shade, and in a few minutes the extinguishing of his light indicated
that he had gone to bed.

   Ottilie waited for him to fall asleep. She knew intuitively what was in
that package and the thought of what it might do made her shudder. Bver
since he had been repeating Max’s mouthings against the “ tyrants ” she had
expected it. But she would save him, in spite of himself, if her woman’s wit
was equal to her love and courage.

   When she deemed time enough had elapsed for him to be asleep, she set
to work. From its place beneath the stationary tubs she drew a long, but
narrow, ironing beard, carried it to the balcony and rested its ends on the
light iron railings, crossing the abyss like a bridge. That it was insecure she
knew very well. The railings did not deserve much confidence ; if the board
should bend with her wreight in the middle, it would be likely to slip off ; it
was a narrow path for anybody but a rope dancer to tread in the dark ; and
the stone flagging of the yard was full fifty feet below ; yet the only reflec-
tion that made the brave girl hesitate, even a moment, wras “If anybody
should see me going across to Gottlieb’s window, what would be thought? ”

   With light, quick steps she crossed the chasm, reached his window and
groping beneath the blind upon the table, which was within easy reach, took
the package from under Gottlieb’s hat. Tightly clutching her prize, she re-
recrossed the treacherous bridge—which she temporarily drew in and laid
upon the balcony—and regained her own apartments.

   With the shade carefully drawn dow7u and the gas lighted, she examined
the package. A stout mauilla paper wrapping inclosed about a pound of a
queer, yellowish brown granular stuff, that had a damp, greasy feel, a sickly,
sulphurous odor, and a sweetish taste. She had never seen dynamite before,
but had no doubt of this being, as she reflected, “ the slumbering devil that
Max teaches the poor fools will wake up to right all their wrongs.”

   Now that she had it, what should she do with it ? If she w’ere simply to
destroy it, Max would supply more ; Gottlieb would know she could not
betray him, and would yet do some dreadful thing. Her sense of the respon-
sibility she had assumed in sharing his guilty secret became agonizing. All
at once an inspiration came to her, as good ideas always come to those whose
souls in great travail seek them. She would make some innocent dynamite,
which w'ould be much safer for Gottlieb to handle than the real stuff, and it
would go hard if she could not find some way of giving him a salutary lesson
from its employment. And this is how she made dynamite from her domestic
materials.

   In a large bowl she put a quantity of yellow corn meal equal to that of
the dynamite. It was too light in color, but a sepia cake—from Hugo’s box
of water colors—dissolved and mixed through it made that right. A little
olive oil and brown sugar gave the greasy feel and sweetness of the original.
128

AN AMATEUR IN DYNAMITE.

Soaking off the heads of a bunch of brimstone matches and adding a little of
the dilute nitric acid her father kept for staining wood carvings, she per-
fumed the mess.

   When her work was done, even an expert would have had to make some
experiment to determine which of the two dynamites was real, and that Gott-
lieb would not detect the substitution, she felt well assured. The package
remade, in the original wrapper, but with new contents, she put under the
hat on Gottlieb’s table, again traversing the plank, to and fro, for the pur-
pose. Having stowed the ironing board away in its accustomed place, the
last thing she did was mixing the dynamite with water, to the consistency of
a thin gruel aud pouring it down the sink, with enough water following to
carry it well into the sewer and on its way to the sea.

   “ Now,” she said triumphantly to herself, as she went back to bed, “ let
Gottlieb go a Max-ing if he will. He will do no harm aud if he is caught it
will not go so hard with him when they find what sort of dynamite he uses. ’ ’

*	* * * * * *

   The next day, Gottlieb remained in his room until late in the forenoon.
Ottilie knew when he went out and noted that it was full two hours later
than his usual time, even since he had been out of work. She surmised and
rightly, that he was occupied in putting her dynamite into the shell, which
she well understood, from reading about such things in the newspapers, was
meant to be a bomb.

   It took him a long time to make up his mind to actually commence the
work, and when he did, his awkwardness and excessive caution made him
slow. But at last he finished the task, according to his instructions.

   That afternoon he visited Ottilie, as usual, but was nervous, distraught,
and preoccupied, as she had never seen him before. ‘‘It is for tonight,”
she said to herself, “and his conscience is troubling him already. Oh ! If
it could only speak loud enough to his mind to stop him, how glad I would
be, and how proud of him ! ”

   Unhappily Max’s voice was louder in his mind than that of conscience.
He took supper with the Boldtner family and made a great effort to be con-
versational and appear at his ease, but could not keep it up long and, soon
after the meal was over, went out, saying he had a meeting to attend.

   Ottilie watched all night for his home coming. He did not return until
after five o’clock in the morning. She got a newspaper at as early an hour
as possible, aud anxiously scanned its columns, but the only dynamite events
reported were a little real one in Spain and a bogus one in England. Never-
theless, she was not easy. Things happened sometimes, she knew, too late
at night to be chronicled in the next morning’s papers.

   Gottlieb did not show himself until afternoon, and when he did, his appear-
ance startled her. She did not believe that the loss of a night’s sleep could
have so affected him. Often she had seen him alert, bright, and jolly the
morning after a whole night of dancing at a ball. But now he was haggard,
his eyes were sunken and bloodshot, his face pale and drawn with sleep lines,
and he was so nervous that his hands trembled.
AN AMATEUR IN DYNAMITE.

129

   “ What is the matter with you, Gottlieb? Are you sick? ” she exclaimed
in alarm.

   “No, I’m all right,” he replied, with impatient gruffness that sounded
strange from his lips. Soon he wanted to go out, but she positively forbade
it and compelled him to remain with her. But to keep him, she had to
threaten that if he went away then, he need never return to see her. A little
after three o’clock she ran down to the street and bought an evening news-
paper. On its first page her eyes caught at once the startling headlines.

ANOTHER DYNAMITE OUTRAGE.

Strikers Adopting Anarchistic Methods.

Fiendish Attempt to Blow up the Residence of Colonel Withers oj

the Vulcan Works.

   She stopped outside long enough to read the article aud chuckled at its
conclusion :

    The bomb was carefully opened by the intrepid sergeant, after it had been thoroughly
soaked in water, and was found to contain more than a pound of dynamite. The cap
attached to the fuse had evidently done its work and that it should have failed to set off
the terrible explosive, with which it was in immediate contact, is simply miraculous and
can only be regarded as an evidence of the direct interposition of Providence.

   When Ottilie retnrned to Gottlieb, she found him with his head bowed
upon his arms, which were crossed upon the table before him, but at her
sudden entrance he sprang to his feet, pale and trembling, with the look of a
hunted man in his eyes. Affecting not to notice anything unusual in his
demeanor, she exclaimed :

   “Oh! Gottlieb! Such an awful thing! The Vulcan strikers have
blown up Colonel Withers’ house ! Surely you did not know anything about
that, did you ? ’ ’

   “ Oh ! Why—110—of course not—how should I ? ” he stammered.

   “ It was last uiglit, and they used dynamite.”

   “ And Colonel Withers? ”

   “ Oh ! He was not hurt. He was away from home.”

   “ Thank God ! ” burst fervently from the young man’s lips.

    “ But his sick wife and two poor little children, his little girl and a play-
mate who was spending the night with her-’ ’

   Gottlieb threw up his arms, with a hoarse, inarticulate cry, as of a beast
in agony, aud fell forward senseless upon the table. Ottilie dashed water in
his face, fanned him, held ammonia under his nose, and eventually restored
him to consciousness, but not to his senses. She was frightened by the over-
whelming effect of her story and, if he had given her a moment’s time, when
he came to himself, would have confessed how far she had perverted the
newspaper’s statement of facts. But as soon as he could breathe and move
again, he struggled to his feet and staggered out, beating aimlessly with his
open hands, like a man who is fighting for air. Ottilie strove to detain him,
but he broke loose from her hands and went away, seemingly deaf, though
she called after him again and again.
AN AMATEUR IN DYNAMITE.

   Whet? he had plunged almost headlong down the stairs, she s£ood still a
few moments in dreadful uncertainty what to do, then ran back into the
kitchen to watch for his appearance in his room. Presently he walked in
like a drunken man, gesticulating wildly and muttering incoherently to him-
self as he staggered to and fro. Then, as if struck by a sudden resolution,
he strode to the window and pulled down its shade.

   Ottilie realized that the moment was one of supreme peril; that if she
would prevent a desperate deed which would fill the rest of her life with
heart breaking remorse, she had not a minute to lose. To run down the
stairs and up those of the next house to his room w'ould take too long; the
leap from time to eternity can be made much more quickly.

   Almost as quickly as the thought flashed into her mind, she had the
board in place over the chasm, darted across it, pushed aside Gottlieb’s blind
and sprang into his room, through the window.

   He sat at the table writing, and momentarily dashing away from his eyes
the tears that were blinding him, deaf to her entrance and unconscious of her
presence, though she stepped quickly behind him and looked over his shoul-
der. She read :

    Farewell, beloved Ottilie ; the longest of all farewells—forever—for I shall never see
you again—either in this world or in heaven. I have done what God never will forgive,
and I must never look upon your dear face any more. In a few moments I shall be
among the lost, where I belong, and you-

    “ No ! no ! Gottlieb ! ” she cried, unable to restrain herself any longer,
seizing the paper from under his hands and tearing it into shreds, “ I wrill
not have it so ! You have done nothing of the sort ! I tell you so ; I, your
Ottilie. Come—understand me—sit up—look at me.”

   She pushed him upright in his chair. He gazed dazedly at her for a
moment, then throwing his arms about her, dropped his head upon her breast
and burst into a passion of weeping and broken lamentations. She held and
soothed him, until his excitement had in some degree exhausted itself, and
then said to him :

   “ Come now, Gottlieb. Be yourself again. Be a man. Sit up straight
and stop crying. It is enough. There ; that is right. Now ; do you know
me ? Do you know what I am saying to you ?”

   He nodded. He could not trust himself to speak. She went on :
“ Very well then ; understand this—the bomb did not go off. I just made
that story up. The colonel was away from home and the others were there,
it is true, but they were not hurt and no harm was done at all, because, as I
tell you, the bomb did not go off.”

    ‘ ‘ But—the paper—and—I heard it. ’ ’

   “ The paper says it did not. I only told it that way to make you know
how bad you would feel if things had happened as they very well might had
it been real dynamite. ’ ’

   “ But—it was.”

   ‘ ‘ No. Do you think I would have let you blow people up with real
dynamite for that villain Max?”
AN AMATEUR IN DYNAMITE.

   ‘ ‘ You let me ? What did you know about it ? ”

   “ Everything. I made the dynamite.”

   He passed a hand over his brow with a gesture of hopeless confusion. Of
course, he said to himself, none of this was real; the reality was the other—
the horrible things ; he had just gone crazy, aud simply imagined Ottilie was
with him, trying to soothe him by saying such kind but absurd things, and
how strange it was that he could imagine all this and yet know he was crazy
in doing so ; and how good God was to let him be crazy this way, instead of
making him hear that bomb and see that poor woman and the children !

   But Ottilie, who had no idea of the gruesome fancies in his tortured
brain, only saw that he was quiet and thought complete control of his mind
was coming back to him. So she went on and told him all she had done ;
how she had divined the evil he was being led into and had watched him, had

made the innocent dynamite aud substituted it for the infernal sort-

   “ No, no ! ” he interrupted her, with a wild, frightened look, “ I heard
it. I lighted the long fuse and ran away very fast, far off, but I heard it !
Oh ! It was terrible ! It seemed right behind me and the echoes followed me
a great while.”

   ‘1 Gottlieb, you heard nothing but your conscience. The bomb could not
go off. The paper says so. Come, I will show it to you when you come over.
I told you it did that you should know how such a guilty man would feel. ”
Gradually, as she talked, his clear sense returned to him, and he knew the
truth. He tried to tell her of his boundless gratitude, but words failed him,
and he could only sob aud repeat that she was his guardian angel.

   “ Then,” she said, “ will you promise your guardian angel you will have
no more to do with that villain Max, or any of his kind.”

   “ Yes ! Yes ! I promise it with all my heart and swear it before God.
Not for nothing shall I have had such feelings as I know this day. Oh, to
think of what I might be this minute but for you. Ottilie ! Liebchen ! How
shall I be good enough to be worthy of your care for me ? ’ ’

   “ You will go far away from here, in the first place. You have made
some bad friends, and maybe some bad habits that are not good for you, since
you have been out of work and I want you to leave them all—the friends and
the habits.”

   “ And you, Ottilie-? ”

   “ Would you not, if necessary—for a while? ”

   “ A little while, if I must, yes ; but I cannot any more trust myself much
if you are uot with me.”

   ‘ ‘ I am not the one to argue you out of that idea. But here is your
chance. My married sister, who lives in Montana, you know, writes to me
that a fine opening is there for a good blacksmith who understands tool mak-
ing, and you do—don’t you? ”

   “ Oh, very well. I can forge and temper as well as any man.”

   ‘ ‘ Then there is where you must go. ’ ’

   “ But, surely, that Montana is big enough for two? ”

   “You think so? Well—we will try.”

                                                          J. H. Connelly.
THE GOLD DELUGE.*

Astounding consequences arising from tfie discovery of a chemist—Terror of the governments
to whom unlimited gold meant destruction—The extraordinary lengths
to which Erik Poulsen was driven to maintain
his independence.

SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED.

    Erik Poulsen, a Danish chemist, after several years of experimenting, succeeds in discov-
ering how to make gold. He is anxious to publish the formula to the world, but his government
will not hear to it, declaring that it will overturn civilization. So he and his wife depart for
Berlin, and here he is offered the crown of a small kingdom in exchange for his secret, to be the
property of Germany. But he indignantly declines and leaves for Paris, where he proposes to
lay the facts before the editor of a widely circulated journal of chemistry and reap the fame that
is his due, even if he should thereby be bereft of the fortune his discovery has brought him.
But here, too, he is made aware that he is under constant surveillance, to prevent the publication
of his secret, and finally he retreats to a small, rocky island off the coast of Spain, where he
broods over his powerlessness. Finally he builds a completely equipped steamer, the Chemeia,
and seeks to escape to other lands. At once, however, a French and an English man of war are
sent on his track, and although the former is outdistanced, the Madras begins to wreak des-
truction with her cannonade. In this crisis Erik loads a cannon with gun cotton, and although
the risk to all on board the Chemeia is great, resolves to attempt the destruction of the enemy’s
searchlight. Szemsky, a member of the crew who has been on a Russian man of war, declares
he is willing to risk his life in the firing of the charge, and proceeds to train the cannon.

Chapter XII.—Nearing the South Pole.

CUDDENLY a thunderous, deafening crash reverberated from the center M
the Chemeia’s deck, and a bright red column of vivid fire shot past the
side of the ship. At the same instant everything about them was wrapt in
dense darkness, felt all the more 011 account of the glare of a moment before.

The electric searchlight of the English man o’ war had been destroyed.

   For a moment the crew and the officers all thought the Chemeia had been
struck by one of the enemy’s missiles—a large hole had been torn in the deck
and a portion of the nearest cabin was blown away. When they realized
that they themselves and their comrades were uninjured, they grasped the
full meaning of all that had happened.

   “You can foire like an angel!” Kelly cried joyfully, but the one
addressed spoke not. He lay insensible and bleeding, near the torn and
shattered cannon.

   The night gradually neared its end.

   All on board the Chemeia had retired for a few hours’ rest, so badly
needed after the terrible strain they had been under. The danger from pur-
suit and possible capture seemed averted for the time being. The second

*This story began in the June issue of The Argosy. The two back numbers will be
mailed to any address on receipt of 20 cents.
THE GOLD DELUGE.

*33

mate had the watch, and slowly he paced his post on the commander’s
bridge, keeping his weather eye on the search for danger, while the Spaniard
Mendez had charge of the wheel, where he softly whistled a love song to
while away the time.

    “ How is Szemsky ? ” Erik made haste to inquire, as soon as he appeared
on deck.

    “ Shlaping loike a log, your excellency,” Kelly replied. “ Does not feel
 the shlightest pain ’xcept in wan shoulder where he was sthruck. But here
 is the rascal hi’self ! ”

    Szemsky actually turned out with the rest of the crew, looking very pale,
 it is true, but otherwise all right.

    Erik stepped up to him and shook hands heartily.

    “ Thanks, Szemsky, a thousand thanks ! ” he said to the calmly smiling
Pole, “ and thanks to you all,” turning to the others of the crew ; “ you all
proved your sterling qualities as men.”

    “ His excellency—three cheers for his excellency ! Hip, hip—hurrah ! ”
^elly cried, and willingly all hands joined.

   “And another cheer for Szemsky!” Erik exclaimed enthusiastically,
and again the cheer was given with a hearty vim.

    Eric ordered coffee served for himself and the officers of the ship in the
 little weather cabin on the commander’s bridge, whence a free view could be
 had of the surrounding ocean. As far as the eye could reach, not a single
 sail, nor any smoke from steamers, could be discerned.

    “ Well, captain,” Erik inquired, “ where are we now? ”

    “ Considering the frightful speed at which we traveled, I presume that
we must be about near Cape Horn, ’ ’ Captain Alsloev replied. ‘ ‘ I have now
laid the course of the ship more to the west, to avoid that part of the polar
territory which reaches up to the sixty first degree, and I propose that we
go by way of the coast of Victoria Eand direct to the south, where we will
be perfectly safe.”

    “Very good,” the first mate added; “ that is also best, in my opinion,
but—excuse me, if I ask—then—what?”

    “ Yes—what: then ? ” the officers all repeated in chorus.

    No one replied, and Erik stared thoughtfully out upon the great, undulat-
 ing ocean.

    Then suddenly the cabin entrance was darkened by the shadow of Erik’s
young wife, who entered and was respectfully saluted by the officers.

    Erik explained to her in as few words as he could the problem with which
 they were confronted.

    ‘ ‘ We must in some manner or other get into communication with Europe, ’ ’
 she said.

    ‘ ‘ But how ? ’ ’ Captain Alsloev asked smilingly. * ‘ In the southern lati-
 tudes there are neither post offices nor telegraph stations. ’ ’

    “ No—fortunately not,” Junker rejoined, “ otherwise we would perhaps
have visitors—unwelcome visitors on board, all too soon.”

    ' ‘ Have we no possible chance of meeting some ship—a whaler, for in-
stance ? ” the steward asked.
134

THE GOLD DELUGE.

   “ That is the idea,” Erik exclaimed joyfully. “We will bribe some
whaler, aud after swearing him to secrecy, have him deliver a packet to Pro-
fessor Dulcis. We will then proceed further south to await results. ’ ’

   “ Not a bad idea at all,” Alsloev remarked, “ but whether we will run
across such a vessel, and whether the captain wdll agree to our proposition—
that is the question.”

    “ Gold,” Jackson interposed, “ makes all things possible. ’’

   “The time of year is also very favorable,” Smith suggested. “ If we
ouly do not meet too many and have some one of them betray us. ’ ’

   “ Yes, there is no doubt but that ship is after us at this very moment,”
the steward said.

   “And that miserable Petterson,” Smith continued, “if he was lucky
enough to be taken on board of the man of war, undoubtedly made great
haste to tell them all he knew.”

   “ Bah, he knew nothing ; at the most, that we would sail south, and that
is a w'ord full of flexible meaning. Meantime we have gained enough head-
way, and they will hardly pursue us to the pole.”

   The day passed quietly and without any events that would cause alarm.
About noon the captain made an observation of the sun and reported that
the ship was then about 57 degrees south latitude and a little over 91 degrees
west longitude, and therefore the course was laid more to the southwest by
west. In the afternoon a sail was descried towards the northwest which only
appeared a short time on the horizon and soon vanished.

   The Chemeia moved along rapidly, although its speed was nothing near
that of the night before. Had this been kept up, Smith declared, they would
have sailed around the earth in from ten to twelve days, provided the boiler
did not explode.

   Meanwhile Erik was busily engaged in his cabin, writing a detailed report
of his discovery for Professor Dulcis and similar reports for the principal
scientific societies of the world. These were to be given, by the person to be
engaged, to the different post offices in Europe. To be more secure Erik
wrote the treatises in such intricate scientific language that only the greatest
expert could understand what it was all about.

   New life, hope, and ambition had awakened in Erik. He charmed those
around him by his frank, hearty laugh, and the glad, happy look came back
to his eyes once more.

   Days went by, and one morning when Erik, as was his custom, appeared
early on deck with his wife, he noticed the captain looking towards the east
in an eager fashion through his glass. Erik stepped up to him quickly aud
gazed in the same direction.

    Far out, as far as it was possible to distinguish objects, land had been dis-
covered. Clear aud white as snow, the sharp edges of mountain chains wefe
distinctly marked in the rising sun, w’hich seemed to asceud noticeably slower
than usual into the blue heavens. The glaring white light of large suow-
fields dazzled the eyes, and the water along the coast was as a deep blue and as
clear as a solution of copper. Millions of minute crystals had formed during
the night in the rigging of the Chemeia and now glittered brilliantly.
THE GOLD DELUGE.	135

    ‘' Polar land ! ’ ’ Erik cried out lustily.

   “ Last evening, after sundown, we crossed tlie southern polar circle,” the
captain replied, nodding to Erik, ‘ ‘ and now we are sailing to the day lasting
half a year. The sun we can now see rising will, the nearer we approach south,
appear gradually to remain still and only sink after five or six months. ’ ’

   Erik peered thoughtfully before him. Gradually, as the eyes became ac-
customed to the bright glare of the light, he noticed that the coast was sur-
rounded by a belt of ice, miles in width, and that the sea was covered
with countless icebergs.

   “We must consider it a wonderful thing that we got as far as we did,
without feeling: the cold or noticing the icebergs, ’ ’ the captain continued ;
‘ ‘ we are now on the 67th degree latitude, and James Ross himself could not
penetrate further than the 78th. Notwithstanding this it would be im-
possible, even with a ship as stanch as the Chemeia, to break through the ice
belt surrounding the land over yonder, aud with every hour of our progress
southward the cold will become more intense.”

   ‘ ‘ Then the navigable water here is much more difficult to pass through
than that in the North Pole? ” the young wife remarked inquiringly.

   “ Yes and no,” the captain replied. “ Around the North Pole the sum-
mer is comparatively warm and in the most favorable season any one can
easily penetrate as far as the 80th degree of latitude and sometimes still further,
but to offset this the winters there are extremely severe and rigorous, and a
ship surprised in that region by the coldest season is generally lost with all on
board. Here in the South polar region the temperature is about the same
all the year round, therefore the winter does not present so many dangers—
the drift ice is the greatest, but to reach as near the pole as up north is im-
possible, at least with a ship.”

   “ Oh, look/ ’ the wife exclaimed ; “ there’s a whale ! ”

   Sure enough, far out a great dark mass could be discerned plainly cutting
rapidly through the sea and now and then shooting forth mighty columns of
of water, like geysers, high up into the air.

   “ Where are the whalers? ” Erik asked, turning to the captain.

   “Asa rule they never come much further south than we now are,” was
the reply, “ but considering this unusually mild weather and the remarkable
absence of drift: ice, it is possible that some of them have penetrated to still
more southerly latitudes. If, however, we want to communicate with any
of them, in my opinion it would be best not to proceed much farther. Our
second mate, Junker, knows the • seas hereabouts better than I do, and I sug-
gest that we get his opinion.”

   Consequently all the officers were called together in a ship’s council.
Junker, who had served his time aboard a whaler, was of the positive opinion
that it would not be wise in any case to proceed farther south, and that if
the ship cruised about in the vicinity, a whaler would, sooner or later, be
met. This was also the opinion of the other officers, and the decision
reached was, that the Chemeia for the time being should keep between the
66th and 67th degrees latitude, and that sharp watch was to be maintained
day and uiglit towards all points of the compass.
THE GOLD DELUGE.

   This was accordingly done. All day a man was posted in the bow with a
telescope. Erik had completed his literary labors, and everything was ready
for delivery. Days, however, passed monotonously and yet no whaler was
discovered, although numberless whales could be seen sporting in lively
fashion around the ship. Junker swore to himself in his own way, that
it was very inexplicable that nothing appeared, and Erik began to grow rest-
less and fretful again.

   The nervous tension and impatience became greater with each day that
passed. The entire crew took the deepest interest in the course affairs were
taking ; every one knew what was at stake. Once the uncertainty had been
taken out of the objects of the cruise, it was a great pleasure to Erik to
notice the excellent character of his men. They w'ere all devoted to him
body and soul, and there was not one who wrould not have risked his very
life to attain the much sought object.

 Chapter XIII.—The Precious Message.

   One day Erik sat in his cabin, morose and discouraged, and revising his
manuscripts for the hundredth time. Suddenly loud cries startled him. He
hastened up the companionway to inquire the cause of the hubbub.

    Kelly stood at the starboard rail and roared out something, while the bal- .
ance of the crew crowded around him.

   In the hope that he would at last see a ship, Erik quickly turned his
eyes, but in vain—the seas were as bare and void of anything in the shape of
a sail as before.

    “ There ! There ! ” Kelly cried.

   “ What? Where ? ” exclaimed Peter. “ I don’t see anything.”

    “ Idiot you ! ” Kelly fairly screamed now, “ don’t you see the, whale? ”

   At the same moment the entire crew broke forth in one loud cheer.

    “ A harpoon ! ”

   It was true. Several hundred yards from the ship swam a huge whale—
a harpoon stuck in his body.

    “ He’s drifted from the south,” the captain told them, “ and provided he
was not harpooned a long time ago we surely must meet the whaler if we run
a few points in that direction. The navigable waters there are very much
more limited than here, on account of the pack ice, so that he cannot escape
us, if we keep our eyes open.”

   The Chemeia accordingly had her nose- pointed towards the south, and
early that afternoon the lookout reported a vessel in sight—news at which
the entire crew clambered hastily on deck.

   The captain, a young Southerner, tanned to a dark brown by tropical
suns, appeared on the deck of his vessel, and to the question as to whether
he was the owner he replied in the affirmative. He also agreed willingly to
come aboard the Chemeia.

   Erik received him in his cabin, in the presence of his wife, Captain
Alsloev, and the two mates, and asked him, rather bluntly, w'hether he would
sell the ship Esperanza and agree to undertake a certain mission.
THE GOLD DELUGE.

r37

   The strange captain thoughtfully stroked his beard. He declared then
that their luck in whaling had been unusually good that year, and unless
the compensation was very liberal he could not think of a proposition which
would put an end to his trip. Besides, his crew, to a man, had each his share
in the proceeds and they would ask for indemnity.

   Erik replied that the price was a matter of indifference to him. He would
willingly pay twenty thousand pounds sterling for the ship and give each
one of the crew several hundred pounds as indemnity.

   The captain of the Esperanza looked at the speaker in surprise, not to
say dismay. His eyes wandered over the entire cabin with its ceilings heavily
decorated in pure gold, and at the priceless hand carvings of the woodwork.

   “ Twenty thousand pounds is a good price,” he frankly confessed, “ and
I would not hesitate a moment to sell my ship, but I must have a talk with
my people first of all, although I have no doubt but what they will be agree-
able. Then, naturally, I wish to know what the mission is of which you
spoke—for, I can easily imagine,” and he smiled slyly, “that you are not
paying such a price for nothing. ’ ’

   As Erik did not immediately reply, Captain Alsloev hastened to say :

   “ Our only object is to communicate with Europe, but it must be done with
the greatest secrecy. The facts are these : We are now engaged in a cruise
for scientific purposes, which for political reasons must remain a secret. It
is our intention to proceed still further south, where all conmunication with
the world will cease, and therefore it is of the greatest importance for us to
have certain letters and private reports sent to Europe. You will most likely
be spoken on your trip home by some man of war or other naval vessel, and
asked whether you have seen anything of us ; that, of course, you must deny.
More than that we cannot say.”

   “Iam perfectly w^ell satisfied with your explanation,” the American re-
plied. “ I will nowr return to my ship and in half an hour you shall have the
decision. ’ ’

   He rose and retired from the cabin with a low bow.

   Those remaining behind continued the discussion. Would it be wise to
intrust the correspondence to a total stranger? Suppose he thoughtlessly
spoke of the matter to some enemy ?

   “ It would be better to send a reliable man along,” Junker remarked,
“ and give him orders to carry the letters to their place of destination.”

   “ Szemsky would be the right man,” Smith suggested.

   This proposition was generally approved. Szemsky, every one knew,
could be trusted, and Junker was therefore at once sent after him.

   “ I am prepared to execute your orders, and I feel proud of your confi-
dence in me,” he said, when informed of what was desired of him.

   Soon all arrangements were satisfactorily made. The crew of the
Esperanza were very happy at earning such a large sum of money with so
little labor, aud Erik also was much pleased to feel that the matter was under
the care of as trustworthy a man as Szemsky.

   Several hours were occupied in making preparations for the trip. Szemsky
was plentifully supplied with clothing of various kinds, so that he could use a
THE GOLD DELUGE.

number of disguises. Mueller, an experienced shoemaker, assumed the task
of sewing the letters inside a pair of long leather boots so that no one could
find them. Szemsky was then presented with one hundred thousand pounds
in Bank of England notes, all above expenses to be for himself.

   The Esperanza set sail and took a northerly course, while Szemsky stood
at the helmsman’s side, waving a last greeting.

    Captain Alsloev gave orders to fire three shots from the cannon as parting
salutes ; then the Chemeia also resumed her journey—in an opposite direction.

    “ Now for the south,” Alsloev said to Erik, as they stood on the bridge.

    “ Yes, go as far as the pole if we can reach there,” Erik replied. “ Our
only aim now is to attain a haven of security. ’ ’

    * ‘ Then we must be prepared to be frozen in and ice bound for six months
or so,” the captain said.

   “ So much the better. We will remain at the pole one year, and will
then turn about to see how the world has changed in the mean time.”

   Rapidly the Chemeia shot through the waves. The distance between the '
two vessels was already so great that the Esperanza seemed only to be a speck
on the distant horizon. Ice floes began to drift past the ship, which, how-
ever, easily cut its way through them with her sharp steel prow. In the dis-
tance, mountains of snow of high altitude glimmered and large icebergs
glittered in the bright, blinding glare of the sunlight.

    Calmly and joyfully the Chemeia sailed 011 towards the polar summer.

  Chapter XIV.—At the End op a Year.

   “Ready!” Kelly called out, and with Brown, Calandro, and Peter,
hastened back to the ship. More than a nautical mile off, they had, with the
aid of red hot iron bars, melted deep holes in the ice, which they filled with
a mixture of powder and dynamite. In this manner the Chemeia had pene-
trated through the ice quite a stretch during the last few weeks towards the
north.

   Erik and his wife stood on the bridge looking toward the south, where
one year of their lives had been passed in long needed, and therefore doubly
welcome, rest and peace. The sun which had risen three months ago threw
its bright rays over the immense, immeasurable ice fields which had again
frozen solidly behind them, closing the path of water they had opened when
they left the quiet, clear polar sea to return to the great, restless world
which so irresistibly drew them back again.

    ‘ ‘ How do you think matters there are now ? ’ ’ Efik asked thoughtfully.
“ With each foot that we approach nearer the old world, I feel myself to be
more and more restless. Has everthing gone as was planned ? Did Szem-
sky arrive safely and does the world know the great secret ? I can find no
peace until I ascertain the true facts.”

    “It is the same with me,” his wife replied. “ I cannot find sleep when I
think that perhaps we must resume the old restless life. Oh, Erik, how happy
we have been this last year ! It was so peaceful and beautiful on the quiet
islands, where the air was so pure and sweet. How grand it was in the
THE GOLD DELUGE.

i39

woods of dwarf trees when the aurora australis flashed in the skies and the
sea lay before us, smooth as a mirror ! Not one sound stirred the peace,
not a bird sang; the rare polar fish and the dumb seals were the only living
beings besides, our party. At such times one is so seriously impressed—it
carries one so far from all thoughts of strife. We shall never forget the
country we ought never have left. ’ ’

   “ You are right, but we had to leave. Remember we return with a second
great discovery—that of the uninhabited islands of the polar regions, where
never before human foot has touched. What else has fate ordained me for ?
I feel I am one of the few selected by it as men of destiny. Keep up your
courage, dear wife ; we must go onward, no matter by which circuitous route
we reach our goal. We must never despair. ”

            vL*

                                                                   ^

   The open sea !

   A hoarse shout of joy from the entire crew greeted the narrow strip of
blue, shimmering far on the horizon. The ice now became so thin that the
Chemeia could easily cut her way through with her sharp prow. A few days
later they saw the sun sink for the first time since they had left civilized re-
gions. The night, or rather the twilight, lasted only half an hour, but it was
nevertheless proof that they were much farther north.

   They intended to stop at Montevideo, to take in a new supply of coal and
food. From South America they would proceed direct to Europe.

   A few minutes south of the polar circle the first whaler appeared. The
Chemeia sounded her whistle and lay to, while the crew waved their caps.

   “ Have you potatoes ? ” was Kelly’s first question. He was an Irishman,
and had missed these vegetables more than the others.

   “ What do you wish ? ” came back from the strange ship.

   It was an Argentine vessel, and Calandro had to be called to act as
interpreter.

   “ Have y.ou potatoes ? ” he asked.

   “ Yes,” they replied ; “ some.”

   “ Ask them how much a bushel,” Kelly suggested.

   ‘ ‘ How much a bushel ? ’ ’ Calandro called over.

   “ Ten pounds sterling.”

   “ Great Scott !” Kelly exclaimed. “ Are they insane ? ” “ Ten pounds !
Two hundred reichsmark!” Mueller mumbled. “Hundred and eighty
kronen for a bushel of potatoes ! ” Peter said, and laughed loudly.

   Erik now appeared and showed great excitement.

   “ Ask them whether that is the regular price now, and whether all other
articles have risen as much.”

   Calandro obeyed.

   Ten pounds sterling was very cheap, they said, and that was the only
thing poor people could afford ; everything was much dearer. The world had
become so flooded with money during the last year that its value had sunk
to zero; Gold had no worth, while real estate, on the other hand, had
bounded to enormous heights. All, all was due to the cursed Englishmen
who were sending a perfect deluge of gold into the world. No one could sur-
140

THE GOLD DELUGE.

mise how it was done. The English navy was the largest in the world,
larger than those of all other nations combined, and they did as they pleased
—no other country dared oppose them. Russia had lost nearly all her
Asiatic possessions to England, and Germany its African colonies. China
had been conquered and was an English province, and it was expected that
the same fate would soon meet every other country on the globe.

   Erik turned ghastly white. The news stunned him.

   “ One more question,” he tremblingly said. “ Ask them where England
got all the gold.”

   ‘‘Who knows?” the Argentinian replied. “There is no Parliament
now. The English government takes the money out of the clouds, without
taxes or budgets. They say they make their own gold. This is probably
only talk. Others say they discovered a hill of solid gold in the heart of
Africa, higher than Chimborazo, and that, very likely, is also a fake. Do you
want potatoes or not ? ”

   Erik purchased several bushels, and the sun was near the sea’s edge when
the ships parted. Far on the horizon a dark, oblong mass appeared and
approached with great rapidity ; it was too symmetrical and sharp edged for a
cloud bank, while it seemed too enormous to be a vessel.

   “What in the mischief is that in the northwest?” Captain Alsloev
exclaimed.

   The entire crew echoed his cry.

   “ Ask the whaler, before he gets too far off—hurry ! ” Kelly called out to
Calandro.

   He formed a trumpet with his hands and called the question over to the
South American, which had gained quite some headway.

   “ An English man o’ war,” the reply came back.

   Consternation and fear spread over the features of all on board when
Calandro had translated the reply.

   “ Then our friend, the Englishman, has grown wonderfully .since we shot
him in the eye,” Kelly remarked.

   Erik and the captain whispered together hurriedly, while the men looked
towards the vessel with frowning faces.

   The sun sank and the darkness became denser. The Chemeia changed
her course and attempted to escape towards the east. But suddenly the black
monster also changed her course and steamed in the same direction. It
appeared to be under full steam and approached almost faster than a hurri-
cane, and yet there was no smoke visible.

   “ They use electricity,” Alsloev whispered to Erik.

   “ Yes, I see,” Erik replied, with compressed lips.

   Suddenly the water on the starboard side of the Chemeia began churning
ominously. A queer object like a double cylinder came up to the ship with
incredible speed. It was about twenty yards long and one third as broad.
Slowly it bobbed up and down, still approaching, gently touched the side of
the ship, and then ran with such force against the platinized steel plates of
the bow that it seemed as if the ship was to be destroyed. The crew uttered
a cry of terror.
THE GOLD DELUGE.

141

   From this moment on the Chemeia obeyed neither rudder nor propeller.
As though she were glued to the double cylinder, she was irresistibly drawn
towards the English man o’ war, which now directed a blinding electric
searchlight on the doomed ship.

   ‘ ‘ They have captured us with an electro magnet ! ’ ’ Alsloev exclaimed.
“ We are lost ! ”

   Erik said nothing. He stared defiantly at the colossus, the railing of
which seemed to be as high over the surface of the water as the top of a
church steeple.

   When the}' reached the side of the monster ship a windlass creaked, and
an officer who had descended ordered every one, without exception, to appear
on board of the war vessel.	x

   Silently all obeyed, stepping on the platform sullenly in.groups of four.

   When they had reached the deck a small man, clad in a gorgeous uniform,
approached and asked, “ Who is the owner of that vessel? ”

   Erik stepped forward.

    ‘ ‘ Is your name Poulsen ? ’ ’

   “Yes, my name is Erik Poulsen,” he replied, and looked at the officer
scornfully.

   “ In the name of his majesty the Emperor of England, I declare you my
prisoner ! ’ ’

Chapter XV.—England’s “Insane” Prisoners.

   “ Where have you placed the new patient? ” asked Dr. Richardson, the
chief physician of the State Insane Asylum.

   “ In No. 5, doctor,” replied the orderly.

    ‘1 That will not do, ’ ’ the chief rejoined. ‘ ‘ He is a very dangerous patient,
whom you must not lose sight of for one moment, and in no case allow him
to come in contact with the other patients. You must take him to No. 13
and guard him carefully when he walks in the courtyard or I shall hold you
strictly accountable.”

   “ Very well, chief ; No. 13 then,” the orderly said, and vanished.

   “ Out here ! ” he called to Erik. “ Here ! ”

   Erik rose and measured the man with a look of utter scorn and dis-
dain.

   “ Do you really believe I am insane? ” he asked. “ If you do you are
awfully mistaken,” he added, when no reply came.

   “They all say that,” the orderly growled. “ No more dillydallying
now. Out—I say ! ”

   He pushed Erik before him towards the stairs until they reached the
upper floor. There he shoved Erik into a cell and locked the door.

   Erik found himself alone in a small room with padded walls and a bench
having rounded corners. There was a small window, placed high up on the
wall and secured with strong iron bars, and the breaking of the surf on the
rocks told Erik that he was in a cell facing the ocean.

   With a deep sigh he sat on the bench and rested his head in his hands.
142

THE GOLD DELUGE.

This, then, was the end of it all ! The threat which the President of the
French republic had hinted was realized.

   While he was incarcerated here—of course for life—or until he was old
and gray and perhaps really crazy, a nation profited by his discovery and
subjugated all other nations ; in fact, placed the entire world under it as
vassals. That was enough to set him crazy. Had the discovery only re-
mained his property—his very own—then he could still have hoped. But
now?

   Slowly he rose and began pacing up and down his cell, like an imprisoned
lion. He raised himself on tiptoe and tried to get a glimpse of the sea, but
it was futile. Only a small piece of the westerly sky, reddened by the sink-
ing sun, could be seen, and he sank back discouraged on the bench once
more.	.

   “ He is a monomaniac and imagines he can make gold,” the orderly
explained to some one in the hall.

   A short time afterwards, the second physician, a young man whose frank,
friendly face would inspire confidence in anyone, entered the cell, felt Erik’s
pulse and examined him critically.

   “ Do you really believe me insane ? ” Erik inquired earnestly as he looked
the doctor squarely in the eye.

   “Not a bit of it ! ” the latter replied. “You are only a little nervous
and excited. You need proper treatment—a few shower baths ; then you’ll
be all right again. ’ ’

   “ I have been confined here because I claimed I could make gold,” Erik
ventured, to test the physician. “ How now, if it were really true that I
had made this discovery ? As a physician you surely must have sufficient
knowledge of chemistry not to deny the. possibility of such a discovery ? ”

   “I must confess that my knowledge of chemistry is limited to pharma-
cology, and therefore I cannot form an opinion. Keep yourself very quiet
for a while, try to get some sleep ; read a little. I brought you a few illus-
trated newspapers to look through and pass time pleasantly. I will see you
again tomorrow. Until then, good by.”

   Before Erik could say any more the door had closed on the doctor. That
visit appeared to him like a ray of light in Stygian darkness. The physician
seemed to be honest, and surely would not deny it if he knew Erik was not
insane. Shower baths ! The doctor certainly meant that. Erik determined
to test him further at his next visit.

   Time passed slowly. Twice each day Erik was led forth into an open
courtyard for exercise under the watchful eye of a keeper. The shower
bath followed, and then confinement in his cell. The young doctor saw him
daily for a week and the little chats with his patient grew more interesting
and longer, until finally Erik was gladdened by noticing that the physician
seemed to be worried and nonplussed as to what to think of his mental
condition.

   One day he intimated that he would ask the chief physician to grant Erik
the freedom of the prison corridors and rooms. The next day and day after,
however, he did not appear. The fourth day the chief physician appeared
THE GOLD DELUGE.

143

aud glanced casually at Erik. That was the last medical visit, and thereafter
only the keeper came into contact with him.

   Months passed ; autumn, winter, and spring followed each other and Erik
fell into a condition of mental apathy from sheer monotony. Thinking was
of no benefit, he found ; his fate was sealed apparently ; he was buried alive.

   What had become of the others—of his wife ? Where was she ? Where

was his faithful crew? Were they free or-? He dared not think

further.

   At first he harbored thoughts of escape, but the massive granite walls and
solid iron bars at the windows, the sea rushing against the side of the
asylum, and the lynx eyed guard—all this destroyed his hopes. One
refuge remained for him—he dwelt in the land of his imagination—where
in his youth he had spent many hours in happy dreams of ambition;
there he fouud freedom from his excruciating, horrible thoughts over the
reality.

   All day he heard distant screaming, shouting, and laughing emanating
from the other cells ; it made him shudder. He never saw the other inmates
except perhaps through a grated window or door. Very rarely he met a
keeper returning with some lunatic from his exercise.

   This rare occurrence happened again one day, early in June. On going
out, Erik met a keeper followed by a prisoner in the asylum garb, who held
his head low. Erik could not see his features until one step away, and then
the man suddenly raised his head—their eyes met and both trembled violently
under the unexpected shock of recognition.

   It was Szemsky !

   Their first involuntary impulse was to call loudly to each other, but
thanks to their presence of mind neither betrayed the other. As they passed
Szemsky surreptitiously made a sign with his index finger, indicating a ques-
tion. Erik, whose nerves quivered with the intense strain and the terrible
import of that moment, so fraught with meaning for both, understood
Szemsky’s meaning, and behind the keeper’s back made a motion as though
writing in the air the number “ 13.”

   Had Szemsky seen and understood ?

   When Erik reached his cell he sank on his couch and lay in awful
suspense, deeply in thought.

   What result would come from the recognition between Szemsky and him-
self ? Would it open the way to freedom ? Probably not. Perhaps Szemsky
was not so closely confined and guarded as Erik, and yet—the hopes that
seemed newly born in his breast soon died again.

   Where was Szemsky? Perhaps in another wing of the building. Of
what benefit would it be for him to know the number of Erik’s cell ? The
more he thought of the matter, the more he became convinced that his posi-
tion was not one whit the better.

   He paced his cell restlessly once more, now and then casting a sad glance
at the high, grated window. Outside the foam crested breakers sang their
eternal song of the sea—of life—of freedom ; inside the cell, life imprison-
ment—a living death !
144

THE GOLD DELUGE.

   See ! What was that at the window ? A bird ? No, only a small piece
of white paper, carried there by the wind and clinging to the iron bars. Such
a small incident was an event in Erik’s life. Strange how it clung there !
Soon it would blow away again.

    Erik looked at it closer. It did not appear as though it would leave the
window ; it seemed to rise a short distance, fly outward, and then return to
the same place ! How strange ! Erik stepped close to discover the cause.

   Good heavens ! What was it ? The paper was suspended by a thread.
No one but Szemsky could have done that !

    Erik tried desperately to secure the paper. Impossible ! He could just
touch the iron bars with his finger tips. He could not reach out. What
was to be done ? The blood throbbed aud hammered in his temples ; he
looked around the cell in agony to find something to stand on. The bench
was fastened securely to the wall.

   Suddenly an idea flashed through his mind. He slipped softly to the
cell door to see whether he was observed and looked through the wicket.
No one was in the corridor. Erik took off his clothing, rapidly formed a
cushion on the floor near the window, and stood thereon. Once—twice—he
reached and failed—the wind sent the paper fluttering from his eager grasp ;
but at last he had it. He untied it and fastened the end of the thread to the
grating ready for his reply. He dressed hastily and devoured the precious
message with his eyes :

   “Treachery! Petterson captured by the British. Letters taken from
me. Am employed as assistant in the medicine shop. Answer—quick ! ”
Reply ! How could he do so ? He had nothing with which to write.
Szemsky must furnish him material with this. But how was he to send the
first message ?	I

    A story of a prisoner who allowed the nail on his index finger to grow
and then cut it into the shape of a pen came to Erik’s mind. And ink?
Blood would do for that. He now had a better idea. Rapidly he bit off a
sharp piece of one of his finger nails, and in the paper sent by Szemsky punc-
tured holes enough to form the words “ Send me pencil and paper.”

    He again quickly disrobed, formed a cushion of his clothing as before,
and then standing thereon, fastened the paper to the thread.

    Erik tried to sleep, but could not from excitement. He slumbered uneasily
for but a few moments at a time, and in his feverish dreams the little message,
suspended in the air, played pranks on him. Shortly before dawn he
into a restless sleep.

    Bright daylight permeated every corner of the cell when Erik awoke. He
looked towards the window : the paper was gone and in its place hung a
small packet. In a moment he had drawn it into the cell and opened it. A
short piece of pencil, a few' strips of paper, and this message: were inside :
Could not reply before. Had to attend to press in medicine room ; people
are watching me ; I can walk alone in the corridors ; not outside. Tried to
reach your door ; could not. Guard is there. Flight impossible. Cliffs
all around us. Only exit through the large gateway, which is always guarded.
Sz.”
THE GOLD DELUGE.

*45

   Erik was obliged to wait with his reply, as the keeper was liable to appear
at any moment. He hid his supply of paper between the floor and wall
padding, where it was safe from discovery. While exercising later in the
courtyard, he looked for Szemsky, but could not see him. Perhaps he avoided
meeting him intentionally for fear of betrayal and thus destroying their
slender chances of escape.

   Erik found opportunity after breakfast to reply to Szemsky’s note and
immediately sent the letter up by the thread. Half an hour later a new
message dangled before the cell window, and this was repeated several times.

    The subject of the letters was principally the location of the various divis-
ions of the institution, the habits of those within it, and like matters, with
a view to assisting in their escape. Szemsky maintained that the only means
of exit was by the large gateway, as from there only a road led down to the
shore, while everywhere else jagged rocks and cliffs rose almost perpendicu-
larly from the sea. Besides, all the windows faced the sea, and were so
small that an ordinary man could not squeeze through even were there no
bars. Over the large doorway the storeroom was located, in the floor of
which was a trap door, through which the supplies for the asylum were
hoisted by means of a crane. Szemsky knew that this trap door was un-
locked and never bolted. It would be easily opened. Their descent was
possible by means of a rope and tackle. Then the worst difficulty of all had
to be faced—the large gateway7.

   This was always kept carefully closed by means of a strong combination
lock. To overpower the guard would be an easy matter, but the combina-
tion ? Their only hope lay in forcing the guard to disclose it or to open the
gate himself. If they failed in their first attempt at escape all hope must be
abandoned forever.

   Szemsky spoke of several men who had made efforts to gain their liberty
and were afterwards captured and walled in in their cells alive to starve.
Therefore to flee was taking their lives in their hands. Even should they
reach the outside of the prison successfully, how were they to leave the
island ? They must take their chances and rely on the help of Providence.

   Szemsky had no difficulty in leaving his cell. He stood well with the
keepers, who considered him a harmless case, and he was therefore permitted
to assist them in their work. His cell door was only bolted at night from
the outside and that bolt he could easily throw back by means of a long nail
which he had hidden in his cell without the knowledge of the keepers. But
Erik—how was he to get out ? His cell was not only bolted, but locked as
well. Only one chance remained. Szemsky must take the keys from the
guard in the corridor where Erik’s cell was located on the night when the
escape was attempted.

   Erik had formed a plan of his own to further the matter. He had noticed
that the keeper who was placed on duty Friday evenings was very fond of
beer, and that every time Erik left part of his beer, given him each day for
supper, the keeper promptly drained the mug to the bottom. If Szemsky
could smuggle down a small quantity of morphine, or, better yet, chloral, from
the medicine room, then the worst difficulty was overcome.
146

THE GOLD DELUGE.

   On a Thursday, early in July, when the exchange of letters had been car-
ried on about one month, Erik sent the following message to Szemsky :

   “ Friday night, 1 A. M. Send me a few grains of chloral hydrate, and,
if possible, a vial of chloroform. Courage, friend ! Provide yourself also
with chloroform. ’ ’

Chapter XVI.—The Explosion.

   Friday evening ! Erik ate his supper, closely observed by his keeper,
who glanced with longing eyes at the beer mug.

   Would he never go? Yes, at last he stepped outside a few moments.

   Quick as lightning, Erik drew forth from its hiding place behind the wall
padding a small paper package, and from it dropped several grains of a
colorless crystal into his mug, where they immediately dissolved.

   “Good!” he thought. “Glad I got chloral; he will never taste nor
smell that. Morphine w'ould have tickled his nostrils.”

   A moment later the keeper returned. His eyes brightened with joy when
he noticed that the mug was still half full of beer. He immediately placed
it to his lips and drained it off at one draught. He tottered out of the cell
with the plate aud the mug in his hand, locking the cell door behind him.
Erik ran to the little wicket, and saw him stagger, fumble around in the air
with the hand in which he held the mug and plate, then suddenly make
tracks for a settee in a window niche on the opposite side of the corridor,
where his head fell over on his arms, and he lay in helpless stupor.

   Erik remained there with eyes riveted to the opening, listening and watch-
ing. Suppose some one came and discovered the sleeping keeper ? At each
sound he shrank together. No one appeared, however, and the chloral did
its work undisturbed.

   “Less than the maximum dose he certainly did not ge£,” Erik mumbled
to himself. “ I only hope he will not snore too loud.”

   The clock in the tower struck twelve. The half hour struck, then one
in the morning. But not a sound in the corridor—what was that ? Did the
clock strike again ? Half past one ! And no Szemsky ! Nothing—not a sus-
picion of an approaching step—it was awful ! Finally and Szemsky at last !

   A subdued exclamation and a hearty handshake followed, and Szemsky,
by a sign, commanded silence.

   Noiselessly, like Indians on the warpath, both now crept in their stock-
ing feet along the corridor, up the steps near by, to the next floor, where
was located the storeroom. Pst ! .A guard wralks with heavy step—a strong,
broad shouldered giant. Will their plan succeed ?

   Szemsky motioned silently to Erik to remain standing where he was ;
then took a sponge from his pocket, uncorked a small vial and a sweet
pungent odor permeated the atmosphere.

   Szemsky saturated the sponge and watched the guard for a favorable
moment for attack. He approached them and then turned around without
having noticed them. He came and turned again—now !—his back was
towards them.
THE GOLD DELUGE.

147

   With one wild leap Szemsky sprang on him. A short, sharp struggle
followed, then feeble resistance and faint moaning—the chloroform had
done its work. The keeper tried faintly to tear the sponge from his nose—
it seemed for a moment as though he would succeed, but suddenly, strong
giant though he was, he sank back helpless. Szemsky caught him and care-
fully laid him at full length on the dark side of the corridor floor. He pressed
the sponge over the fellow’s nose and signaled to Erik to proceed.

   Suddenly both were startled by a sound. The keeper whom Erik had
stupefied began singing a lively, ribald song, from the London streets.
Louder and louder his voice rose on the still night air, awakening the crazy
inmates one by one. Very soon he was accompanied by a chorus of crazy
voices until pandemonium reigned. Erik was the first to regain his courage,
and explained in a whisper to Szemsky that it was not unusual for people in
such a stupor to begin singing.

   The stupefied keeper sang louder and louder each moment. From one
tune he went to another, until it seemed as though the full program of a low
class music hall was to be rendered.

   At last ! They had reached the storeroom. Once inside, Erik bolted the
door, which luckily they had found open.

   Day began dawning, and they could indistinctly see objects about them.
There, before them, was the trap door. Szemsky lifted the cover with all
his strength. Thank God ! It was not bolted. Time was precious. The
drunken keeper and his chorus of lunatics still howled madly and must soon
attract the night guard. Szemsky was the first to descend into the well or
dark opening. Erik was just about following him, when Szemsky clambered
back hastily, all out of breath, and panted excitedly :

   ‘ ‘ Back ! The keeper of the gateway is not there ! We cannot open the
door ourselves ; we must get back to our cells quickly, before we are discov-
ered ! They must not know that we ever left.”

   In desperation both sat there pondering over a means of escape. Szemsky
stared before him vacantly in mute despair. Soon their captors would be
upon them and then—they would be walled in alive !

   Erik looked about him, dazed and bewildered. What was to be done ?
Helplessly he glanced at the objects around him—nothing but sacks, cases,
carboys of acid for the drug department and several iron cylinders containing
fluid carbonic acid.

   Absent mindedly he gazed at the labels on the various casks and bales,
when suddenly he sprang to his feet.

   “Szemsky!” he cried, roughly shaking his comrade by the shoulder,

‘ ‘ I have it !—we will burst the gate open with a blast ! ’ ’

   “ Burst? Blast? ” Szemsky repeated mechanically. ^

  “Yes!—Quick!” Erik now commanded. “Here—glycerin—there—is
a carboy of nitric acid ; we will make enough nitroglycerin to blow in the
whole place ! ”

   “ Nitroglycerin ! ” Szemsky ejaculated, and shuddered.

   “ Empty this jar on the flo'or ! ” Erik continued nervously. “ It is only
distilled wTater. Here is nitric acid and there glycerin and phosphoric acid.

                                                                                                                   >j>
148

THE GOLD DELUGE.

Fill the jar half full, but be careful; it means life or death. Pour in only a
small quantity at a time and watch it; the acid must cool before we pour on
the glycerin. Roll one of those carbonic acid cylinders over here ! ”

   In a few moments a dangerous quantity of nitroglycerin was prepared, and
Erik looked around him for a suitable receptacle. His eyes fell on one of the
cast iron jugs used for shipping quicksilver. It was empty, and hastily,
though carefully, the thickly flowing nitroglycerin mixture was poured in.

   “Now,” Erik directed, “we must freeze the stuff, otherwise it will not
explode when we drop it. That will not take much time—the fluid carbonic
acid will congeal the nitroglycerin in a few seconds. ’ ’

   Quickly he opened the faucet of the carbonic acid cylinder and imme-
diately the chalky white carbonic acid flowed over the iron jug containing
the nitroglycerin, where it formed a flaky, snow-like substance.

   “ Good ! ” Erik chuckled. “ Now to fasten the bomb to the block and
tackle and then—to drop it down below. Stop ! Not yet; we will also be
blown to atoms. We must attach a long rope so we can go to some distance.
When we are at the other end of the corridor we will raise and then drop it.”

   Szemsky found a long, sound rope, strong enough to draw up the heavy
iron bomb without breaking. This was run through the pulley, one end
fastened to the charge of nitroglycerin, and with the other end in Szemsky’s
hand, both quickly left the storeroom and hastened towards the end of the
corridor, playing out the rope as they went.

   The keeper still sang his maudlin song. A quarter—perhaps half an hour
had elapsed since he was drugged—but what did Erik and his comrade care
about time now ? They had reached the center of the long corridor and the
end of the rope Szemsky held, both at the same time, when Szemsky pointed
ahead'of him, ghastly pale. Ten men of the night guard approached,
attracted by the noisy singing of the unconscious keeper and his crazy chorus.
They immediately espied the fugitives and made a concerted rush at them.

   “Lost ! ” Szemsky groaned and tottered back, his hands pressing his
feverish temples.

   “ Eet go the rope ! ” Erik roared, and unconsciously Szemsky obeyed.

   That instant a blinding flash of fire poured into every window facing that
side and turned the growing dusk into a frightful glare. An awful, deafen-
ing crash followed simultaneously, and the terrible shock threw both fugi-
tives violently to the ground. The massive building shook and tottered—
the ceilings fell with a deafening roar, and a blinding white dust almost suffo-
cated every living being in the doomed place.

   In every corner the huge structure quaked and trembled ; the floors
rocked like the deck of a vessel at sea—in a storm. The cell doors, barred
and locked, were all burst open, and in a stream the mad prisoners rushed
out. Another crash—another shock—and a perfect rain of falling masonry
followed. Hark ! The drunken keeper still sings his weird song undis-
turbed.

   Both fugitives sank down, unconscious.

                                                         Otto M. Moeller.

(to be concluded.)
THE RIVER OF DARKNESS.*

A record of some marvelous experiences in the Dark Continent—Why a water journey beneath
the earth's surface was undertaken at frightful risks—A voyage on a raft along
an unknown course and without the possibility of retreat.

SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED.

   Guy Chutney, an officer in the British army, on his way back to service in India, is asked
to stop off at Aden and take important despatched to Sir Arthur Ashby, governor of Zaila, on the
African coast. En route tlie steamer touches at Berbera, where the great annual fair is being
held. Here Chutney rescues from death Makar Makalo, by shooting a leopard whose slumbers
the Arab had unwittingly disturbed, and a few. minutes later he meets an old friend, Melton
Forbes, foreign correspondent of an English newspaper. Suspecting that there is treachery
in the wind, Forbes sends his native servant Momba through the town to investigate, who soon
after returns pursued by a mob of Somali warriors. It appears that Manuel Torres, a Portuguese
fellow passenger of Guy on the Aden steamer, and whom he suspects of reading his des-
patches, has brought: rifles to Makar Makalo, who is instituting rebellion against the English on
behalf of Rao Khan, Emir of Harar.

   Melton, with his servant, accompanies Guy to Zaila, and at the residency they find Sir Arthur
drinking champagne: with Colonel Carrington. Their report carries consternation to the breast
of the governor, who thinks of seeking safety on board the steamer. But it is too late ; the
Arabs are already swarming about the place, the Englishmen are all made prisoners, and doomed
by Makar Makalo to be sent as slaves to the Somalis of the Galla country. During the journey
the prisoners are separated through Makalo’s agency, Guy and Melton being carried by the
Arabs to Rao Khan. But the people of Harar, in their hatred of the English, demand that they
be executed at once, and the Emir is forced to promise that they shall be sent to the block in
four days’ time. Meantime they are waited upon in their cell (Melton having been wounded)
by Canaris, a Greek, who has been a favored captive of the Emir for two years. He shows them
a document given him by an aged Englishman, who had died in the prison, and which tells of
an underground river in the neighborhood which promises them all escape if they might only
procure the money with which to make a few preparations. Guy has some in a belt which has
been fortunately overlooked, and 011 an appointed night they overpower the guards and start.

   They finally reach the entrance to the underground river—guided to it by a fleeing Galla who
makes his escape thereby from a party of Abyssinians. But their provisions have been exhausted
and they know not what to do until, in one of their night exploring trips, they capture two stray
camels, which inspire Chutney with an idea which may mean the rescue of their friends from
the Gallas, near whose camp they now know themselves to be. Staining their faces to make
themselves pass as Portuguese, he and Canaris ride in among the Gallas, declare that they have
been sent from Zaila by Makar Makalo, who is hard pressed by the British, and that the latter
will only withdraw on condition that the governor of the town and his friends, who have been
sold into slavery, be delivered up to these messengers, with provisions enough to last them on
the return journey to Zaila. The matter is still under consideration when Oko Sam suddenly
appears upon the scene.

Chapter XX.—By a Hair’s Breadth.

A NERVOUS shiver passed through Guy as he recognized the repulsive
face of his- old enemy, and instinctively he pulled his burnous closer
around his head. Oko Sam darted a curious glance at the two motionless

*	This story began in the May issue of The Argosy. The three back numbers will be
                     mailed to any address on receipt of 30 cents.
150

THE RIVER OF DARKNESS.

figures on the camels and then advanced to meet the head man, who broke off
the conference and greeted his newly arrived chief in a most servile manner.

   “ Don’t despair,” whispered Guy ; “ those infernal Abyssinians have be-
come drunk, and allowed their captive to slip away just at this critical time,
but all may go well yet.”

   It took but a short time to make Oko Sam acquainted with the facts of
the case. He strode up to the camels, and gazed long and haughtily at the
two strangers. Then, apparently satisfied -with his scrutiny he addressed a
few words to the wizened Arab, and, turning to his people, jabbered away
volubly for two or three minutes. When he ceased, half a dozen men started
off in different directions, aud the interpreter proceeded to communicate the
decision to Guy, who, in spite of his calm bearing, was greatly agitated.

   “ Oko Sam say yes,” began the Arab. “ He friend of Makar Makalo ;
he no want Makar lose Zaila ; he give plenty food for journey ; he give six,
ten, twenty men go long, so bring back much gift from Makar. You say
Makar give much, hey ? ”

   “Yes,” replied Guy, repressing with difficulty his extreme joy, “ Makar
will give big rewards to Oko Sam.”

    The Arab turned aside with a grunt of satisfaction as half a dozen natives
came up, bearing leathern sacks of provisions, w'hich were handed up, one at
a time, to Guy and Canaris, and slung across the necks of their camels.

   This proceeding was barely over, when, to Guy’s amazement aud disgust,
a band of Gallas, fully armed, and bearing each a supply of food strapped on
their backs, advanced into the open space.	'

   This was Oko Sam’s promised escort. Instead of two men there were
twenty.

   “These good fellows here go long,” said the Arab. “They no have
camels ; they go on foot one day’s journey, then reach other tribe, where find
plenty camel.”

   This statement relieved Guy considerably. It would not be so difficult,
after all, to get rid of the troublesome escort if they were on foot.

   And now came the crisis. At a signal from Oko Sam the guards about
the hut flung open the entrance, and in a moment two emaciated, half starved
figures wrere led forth, whom it was actually difficult to recognize as the
pompous Sir Arthur Ashby and brave Colonel Carrington.

   They still wore their uniforms, but the cloth hung in folds about their
shrunken limbs, and their faces were pitifully thin and distressed.

   Guy’s heart beat fast with indignation as he gazed 011 this melancholy
sight, and then he purposely half turned his face away, lest the prisoners
should recognize him and unconsciously cause the failure of the whole plan.

   The people drew back as the little group reached the camels. The two
Englishmen were lifted up behind the supposed Portuguese—Sir Arthur
with Canaris, the colonel beside Chutney—and so weak and helpless were
they that it was necessary to partially strap them in their places.

   All was now ready. Guy and Canaris were prepared to start, the pris-
oners were in their possession, and the armed escort were exchanging fare-
wells with their comrades.
THE RIVER OF DARKNESS.

   At this supreme moment, when the fullest success seemed assured, a
startling diversion occurred.

   A big Arab, a new arrival evidently, pushed his way forward, and as
his glance fell on the Greek he started with surprise, and exclaimed aloud,
“ Canaris !”

   With wonderful self possession the Greek looked at him in mute igno-
rance ; but the Arab, who had probably but just come from Harar, pressed for-
ward, and, joining Oko Sam a few paces away, began to talk excitedly in a
low voice.

   “ We are lost, Chutney,” whispered Canaris in tones of despair.

   At the mention of this name, Guy felt the colonel’s arms clasp his waist
in a convulsive thrill.

   “ Not a sound, Colonel Carrington,” he muttered under his breath, “ as
you value your freedom.”

   The tightened grasp instantly relaxed, and Guy turned his head slightly
to obtain a clearer view of Oko Sam.

   This action hastened the climax, for his burnous caught on the button
of Colonel Carrington’s coat and fell to the ground. A glaring torch passing
at the moment completed the catastrophe, and the keen eyed Galla chief
uttered a howl of rage and amazement as he recognized his old enemy of the
market place at Berbera.

   Never did Captain Chutney’s quick wits do him a better service than at
that moment.

   In one glance he took in thp whole situation, the astounded chief and his
counselors, the swarthy mass of savages ready for instant action, the armed
escort that stood between him and the edge of the encampment.

   More speedily than words can tell it, his determination was reached.
With a warning cry to Canaris, a hasty injunction to Colonel Carrington
to hold fast, he snatched a short dagger from his waist and plunged it an
inch or more into the flank of the Greek’s camel, and then into that of his
own animal.

   The frightened and agonized beasts pranced madly for a second or two
and then plunged desperately forward, trampling the amazed guards right
and left.

   It was over in a moment; a howl from the infuriated chief, a terrific up-
roar from the vast throng, and then, spurred to greater efforts by the tumult
in their ears, the valiant camels thundered out into the desert, heedless of
the scattered rifle fire, the volley of whizzing spears. With tremendous
strides they bore their precious burdens toward safety and freedom, while
the silence of the African night was rent by the venomous cries of their
bloodthirsty pursuers.

   For the moment they were safe, but in that long four mile race that lay
ahead many perils might be encountered, and it was even within the realm
of possibilities that the fleet footed Gallas would overtake the heavily
burdened camels.

   It was no time for conversation or explanation. A fervent ‘ ‘ Thank
God ! ” burst from Colonel Carrington’s lips as he realized that he had fallen
152

THE RIVER OF DARKNESS,

into the hands of friends, while Sir Arthur, feebly beginning to comprehend
what had happened, ejaculated several times, “ Bless my soul,” as he clung
with might and main to the Greek’s waist.

   Faster and faster tljey sped over the plain until the tumult behind them
was lost in the muffled tramp of the camels’ hoofs. They rode side by side,
with arms ready for instant use, but no foe appeared iu front or behind, and
at last, with a glad cry, Canaris pointed to the distant gleam of the Abys-
sinian camp.

   “We are safe now,” exclaimed Guy. “The Gallas feared to pursue
us any further lest their anticipated attack on the Abyssinians should be
spoiled. ”

   “ Yes,” replied Canaris, “ either that or they have circled round, hoping
to cut us off at yonder gap in the mountains wrhere the road breaks through
to the coast. And now the rock must be close by. Ha ! What does that
mean ? ’ ’

   Bang ! went a rifle shot directly ahead, and a brief red flash pierced the
gloom.

   “It is Forbes!” cried Chutney. “He is in danger. Quick, quick,
to the rescue.”

   A loud shout followed closely on the heels of the report, and recognizing
Melton’s voice, Guy, lost to all sense of prudence, cried aloud :

   “ Don’t give in, Forbes ; we are coming.”

   An answering hail came distinctly back, followed immediately by a second
shot.

   The agony of suspense was brief. A moment later, the rock loomed into
view, and the panting camels came to a halt before the entrance to the
cavern.

   “Oh, you’ve come back safe?” exclaimed Melton coolly, as he came
forward with a smoking rifle in his hand. “ I’ve had a brush with a party
of Abyssiuians. They were hunting their camels, I suppose, and took me

by surprise. I dropped one of the rascals, and- Look out ! There they

are again.”

   All dodged to the ground as a shower of spears fell about the rock. With
a hollow groan one of the camels dropped heavily over, pierced in the throat
by a short spear, and his huge bulk formed a natural barrier before the
cavern. Melton’s rifle cracked sharply, and a howl of pain attested the
accuracy of his aim.

   “ Into the cavern, all of you,” cried Guy. “ The Abyssinians are coming
in force ; the firing has attracted them to the spot.”

   Already a shadowy mass was visible some thirty yards off, and the sound
of voices was distinctly heard.

   The Greek hastily motioned Sir Arthur and the colonel into the cavern,
and hurriedly tossed in the provisions bag by bag.

   The enemy were now quite close, and as Canaris stowed away the last bag
they came on with a wild" rush.

   From behind the dead camel Guy and Melton poured in a hot fire that
checked their impetuous advance instantly, and before they could rally for
THE RIVER OF DARKNESS.

153

another charge, both had bolted into the gloomy hole, and the stone was
deftly rolled into place.

Chapter XXI.—Cut Off from the Outer Earth.

                        »

   The lamp was lit instantly, and without a moment’s delay Guy led the
party at full speed down the corridor until the descent was reached.

   “ Now hurry down, all of you,” he cried. “ You have a flask of powder
about you, Canaris. Give it to me.”

   “ What are you going to do, Chutney ? ” asked Melton in alarm.

   “ Put an end to all pursuit,” was the stern reply ; and, seizing the flask,
he placed it on the ground, and pouring a little powder on a strip of linen
torn from the lining of his blouse, he deftly rolled a fuse and inserted one
end in the mouth of the flask.

   His intentions were apparent. The roof and walls of the passage were
of loose earth and stone. A blast would bring down an avalanche.

   Canaris attempted to expostulate, but Guy drove them all down the slope
aud applied a match to the fuse.

   It was high time, for up the passage shone the gleam of torches. The
enemy had effected an entrance.

   Guy joined his companions on the shore of the river, and almost instantly
a terrific explosion took place. It seemed to rend the earth. A tremendous
crash and rumbling noise followed, and then all was quiet.

   The concussion put out the lamp, but as soon as it was lighted again Guy
ran up to see the result of his attempt.

No trace of the passageway existed. In its place was a grim wall of earth.

   The full significance of what he had done now flashed into Guy’s mind,
and he gazed blankly into the faces of his comrades.

   “ We are buried alive,” said Melton bitterly. “ We are as dead to the
world as though we were in our coffins. ’ ’

   “We have simply burned our ships behind us, that is all,” replied
Chutney. “ Now for the river and freedom.”

   They went back and sat down beside the swiftly flowing water.

   “Bless me if I know whether I am on my head or my feet,” said Sir
Arthur. ‘ ‘ What on earth does this mean ? ’ ’

   “ It means that these brave fellows have saved us from a fate worse
than death,” cried the colonel ; “ that is all I care to know at present.”

   “ I will explain all,” said Guy.

   He straightway related everything that had happened from the time they
were separated on the way to Harar to the discovery of the underground
river and the daring plan for the rescue of the prisoners.

   The colonel could scarcely repress his astonishment as he listened to the
wonderful story, and at its conclusion he embraced his rescuer warmly.

   “ We owe }'ou our lives,” he said fervently. “ Never was a braver deed
attempted, never was a rescue more marvelously carried out. Ah, I can
never repay the debt. A grateful country shall reward you, Captain Chutney.
England shall know of your heroism.”
*54

THE RIVER OF DARKNESS.

    “ Yes, you are right, colonel,” put in Sir Arthur, with a touch of his old
pomposity ; * ‘ the government shall know how its representative was deliv-
ered from the hands of these impious fiends. But bless me, I don’t see that
we are so much better off, after all. How are we going to get out of this
beastly hole ? ’ ’

   “ And what has become of Momba, and Captain Waller, and the Hin-
doos ? ’ ’ exclaimed Forbes, who had suddenly recollected the missing mem-
bers of the party.

   “Lost—all lost,” replied the colonel sadly. “They were sold to a dis-
tant tribe in the interior two days after we arrived at the village. You see
our condition. They have made us work from sunrise to sunset. We fell
ill, and, being of use no longer, they deliberately tried to starve us to death.
It was horrible, horrible ! ”

   “It was a diabolical outrage,” interrupted Sir Arthur. “ The whole
civilized world will shudder when it knows that the governor of Zaila was
fed on tainted meat and spoilt rice, and very little of that, too. If England
fails to resent this outrage, I’ll cast off my allegiance to the crown, sir, and
become a citizen of some other country. I will, by Jove ! ”

   Sir Arthur might have gone on indefinitely with the tale of his griev-
ances, but Guy cut it short by calling general attention to their present grave
situation.

   The supply of provisions was at once overhauled, and the inspection
proved very satisfactory.

   Six large bags had been loaded on the camels. Two of these held-jerked
beef, probably buffalo or deer meat, one contained rice, another a peculiar
kind of hard cakes, made from native corn, and the remaining two were
filled to the top with dates and figs.

   “ We are assured of food for some time to come,” said Guy ; “ that is
one consolation. I wish I could feel as certain of light. We have two
lamps, and to supply these two big flasks of palm oil, not nearly enough,
however, to last us on a long journey. When that is gone, I don’t know
what we shall do. ’ ’

   “ When we stop for rest we shall have to do without light,” suggested
Melton. “ If we find any places to stop,” he added.

    “ It’s beastly chilly in here,” observed Sir Arthur, with a shiver. “ Two
days in a hole like this will give us all the rheumatism. ’ ’

   “ Ah,” said Canaris, “ but I have provided for that. See, here are the
trappings from the camels which were brought along in with us. ’ ’ And he
held up one by one half a dozen richly embroidered rugs and skins, which
had belonged to the leaders of the Abyssinians.

    This pleasing discovery put them all in better spirits, and it was presently
supplemented by another, which went far to remove the most formidable
obstacle to their journey, for while the canoes were being examined Guy
found in a far corner of the cavern a great pile of torches, made: from some
highly resinous wood. These had evidently belonged to the natives who
formerly dwelt here, and were used by them instead of lamps on their jour-*
neys to the coast. They were fifty or sixty in number.
THE RTVER OF DARKNESS.

155

   “ This is a fortunate discovery,” said Guy. “ With these and the lamps
we may have sufficient light to last out our trip.”

   “ Yes ; that removes the last obstacle,” rejoined Forbes ; “ and now I
propose that we take some refreshment. We have eaten nothing for nearly
two days. ’ ’

   This was true. The excitement had almost banished hunger from their
thoughts, but Melton’s words roused their dormant appetites, and, sitting
down beside the canoes, they made a hearty meal, and washed it down with
water from the river, which was exceedingly sweet and cold.

   “Well,” said Guy, when they had all finished and the provisions were
tied up and put aside, “ it will do us no good to remain here any longer.
The river, as you all know, is our only salvation, and the sooner we start 011
our cruise the better. The natives who once dwelt here are reported to
have made journeys down this stream in boats. Is it not so, Canaris ? ”

   “Yes,” replied the Greek. “I have heard from the Arabs at Harar
that it was their annual custom to go down to the coast in large rafts or boats
with trading goods, and then return by land.”

   “But where does this underground river empty?” asked the colonel.

‘1 Does any one know ? ’ ’

   “It is supposed to reach the Juba,” replied Guy, “ but whether near the
mouth of that river or not I cannot say.”

   “ Ah ! but that is a very important thing,” said the colonel. “ I possess
some acquaintance with the geography of this part of Africa. Are you
aware that the river Juba is nearly eight hundred miles in length ? Its
source, which as yet remains undiscovered, lies only a hundred miles or more
to our west, aad it flows to the southeast. This stream before us appears to
head in a southwesterly direction as near as I can judge. It is possible then
that it joins the river Juba at a distance less than two liuudred miles from
here. In that event our journey does not appear so formidable.”

   “ Pardon me, sir,” said Canaris quickly, “ but from what I have been
able to learn this river reaches the Juba at a point, I have heard stated, mid-
way between Bardera and the coast.”

   “ Bardera ! ” cried the colonel sharply. “Why, Bardera is only two
hundred miles from the sea. According to that, we have a journey before
us of nearly eight hundred miles—a journey underground and on unknown
waters. Who can tell what dangers lie before us ? ”

   “ We will never get out alive,” groaned Sir Arthur. “ Never in the
world, Carrington. What a blawsted idiot I was to let the government send
me to that beastly hole ! ’ ’

   “ And is it impossible to escape by land ? ” asked the colonel, unheeding
this interruption.

   “ You forget that we have destroyed our only communication with the
outer world,” ventured Forbes. “ The river is our sole hope.”

    “Yes, I had forgotten it, it is true,” replied the colonel.

   “And were the communication now open,” exclaimed Guy, “escape
would still be hopeless. This river is navigable, and the existence of those
canoes proves what I say. I have been in tighter places than this before, and if
156

THE RIVER OF DARKNESS.

you will trust to my guidance I will do my best to bring you through in
safety. If we fail, it shall be through no fault of mine.”

Chapter XXII—An Unwelcome Visitor.

    Guy’s stirring speech was just what was needed to rouse the flagging spirits
of the party, for the colonel’s graphic description of the contemplated journey
had produced a very depressing effect.

   Preparations for the start were begun at once. The two canoes were
first tested and found to be absolutely seaworthy. Then the provisions,
the torches, the lamps, the oil flasks, and the rugs were divided into two
parts aud stowed away.

   It was decided that Guy should be accompanied by Forbes aud Sir Arthur
in the first boat, and that Canaris and the colonel should follow in the second.
For economy one torch was to be used for illuminating their way. The torch
Sir Arthur was to hold in the rear of the canoe. Eight paddles had been
found in the cavern, thus providing an extra supply in case of possible loss.

   It was difficult to believe that the sun was shining brightly outside. No
ray of light pierced the blackness of the cavern, and the dead silence was un-
broken by the faintest sound, though at that very moment the Gallas and
the Abyssinians were probably waging a bloody battle almost overhead.
Henceforth day and night wrere one, all trace of time would be lost, and
whether any of that imprisoned band would ever see the light of day again
or breathe the free, open air, the future alone could tell.

   It was a solemn and impressive moment, and Guy’s voice had a touch of
huskiness in it as he ordered the canoes to be carried to the water.

   A last survey of the cavern was made to see that nothing was forgotten,
and then all took their places in silence, the canoes swung slowly out from
shore, and, caught by the current, shot off into the gloom on the first stage
of the most awful journey ever made by living men.

   Guy sat slightly in front of the stern, keeping the canoe straight with an
occasional touch of the paddle, for the velocity of the current made labor un-
necessary, aud close behind him was Sir Arthur, holding the flaring torch
that lit up the water for a short distance ahead and served to guide the second
canoe, which was only a few yards in the rear.

   “ If this current continues all the vTay,” observed Forbes, “ eight hundred
miles will be nothing at all.”

   “ Yes, if no bad rapids are in the road,” replied Guy. “ There are cer-
tainly none very near, or we could hear them plainly.”

   “ I don’t think we need fear that very much,” called out the colonel
from the rear canoe. ‘ ‘ The altitude of this part of Africa is not so high
above the sea. The valley overhead is a pretty deep one, and the river is
some distance beneath that yet. Moreover, those natives would hardly
have made an annual cruise down the river if the channel was very
dangerous. ’ ’

   “ It was their custom to start at the close of the rainy season,” said the
Greek, “ when the river was high and swollen.”
THE RIVER OF DARKNESS.

*57

   “ Don’t mention rapids, I beg of you,” cried Sir Arthur. “ It makes me
nervous. I can’t stand it at all.”

   For an hour or more they traveled on in almost unbroken silence.
On either side the shore was invisible, and overhead the glare of the
torch revealed only black, empty space. The same intense silence pre-
vailed, not even the faintest murmur of the river being audible.

   This peaceful monotony, however, was rudely shattered. A low hum-
ming sound was heard in the distance, which rapidly increased in volume,
and left no room to doubt that a course of rapids was below. At Guy’s sug-
gestion Forbes relieved Sir Arthur of the torch, and scarcely had this change
been effected when the current carried them into a swirling mass of spray.

   Both canoes grated and bumped against rocks, and then, before the
frightened occupants could realize that it was over, the sullen roar was
fading away in the distance, and the smooth current was bearing them rap-
idly ahead.

   This little episode considerably relieved their minds. If no more
dangerous water than that lay before them, there was little cause for appre-
hension. A skilled eye and a strong hand would overcome the difficulty.

   Presently, for the first time, rocky walls appeared, now on one side, now
on the other, but they fell sheer to the water, and gave no opportunity of
landing. The atmosphere of the cavern was pure and fresh, a fact not
readily accounted for, since no glimmer of daylight was anywhere visible.

   Guy- began to grow sleepy, a sensation which was shared by his compan-
ions, for it was many hours since they had had any rest. It was impossible
to tell how long or how far they had traveled. All passage of time was lost,
and the periods for eating and sleeping must be regulated entirely by their
own feelings. Instinct rarely goes wrong in such cases, and there was little
doubt that the night had come.

   A sharp lookout was kept on the shores, but as the current swept them
past the same monotonous ledges without a break, it began to look as though
they would be compelled to take turns at sleeping in the bottom of the canoes.

   They were paddling close along the right shore when a sudden cry from
Canaris, who was almost abreast of the other boat, and farther out in the
current, attracted general attention, and peering out on the river they saw a
dim object some yards awaj'.

   The current bore them past it, but by dint of hard paddling the canoes
were headed diagonally up stream, and a few moments later a landing.was
made on the lower end of a small spit of white sand, ten or fifteen yards in
diameter.

   It sloped gently to the water’s edge, and in the center was a cluster of
smooth, water worn stones.

   It was a perfect haven of refuge to the weary and exhausted voyagers,
and with thankful hearts they hauled the canoes upon the strip of beach and
spread out the rugs in readiness for a few hours’ sleep.

   They ate sparingly of crackers and dates, for Guy had assumed charge of
the commissary department, and dispensed supplies with no liberal hand, the
wisdom of which was readily acknowledged by all.
158

THE RIVER OF DARKNESS.

   The torch had been stuck end up in the sand, and its cheerful glow threw
a radiance over all the little island aud caused the silvery white sand to
sparkle brilliantly.

   They stretched themselves out on the rugs near the center of the island,
and as soon as they were arranged comfortably Guy rigorously extinguished
the torch and hunted his place in the darkness.

   No thought of fear entered their minds. On all sides was the deep and
rapid river. From whence could an enemy come ? In five minutes not a
man was awake. Even Sir Arthur was snoring profoundly, dreaming per-
haps of the snug quarters in the residence at Zaila, from which he had been so
rudely ousted a few short weeks before.

   Guy was dreamiug, too, but far different were the visions that coursed
through his brain. For the twentieth time he was living over again his
awful experiences of the previous year. Once more he was a prisoner in the
rajah’s fortress and Nana Sahib’s cannons were awaiting their victim on the
massive stone platform. Now he was being led out to die in the midst of his
companions, the fiendish faces all about him, the Hindoos stood by the touch
holes with lighted torches. Now they were binding him, the gaping muzzle
was pressing his back-

   Then he woke and sat up, trembling from head to foot, the dank perspi-
ration standing in beads on his forehead. Thank God it wras only a dream.
The rajah’s fortress was thousands of miles away.

   Suddenly a faint sound reached his ear, so indistinct that he could hardly
be sure he heard anything at all. He listened a moment, but it was not
repeated.

     Some of the fellows stirring in their sleep,” he muttered, and giving the
matter no further thought, he lay down again.

   But as soon as his head touched the sand the sound was I'epeated, and this
time it was more definable—a steady, rustling noise, with an occasional low
splash that seemed to come from the water.

   It was caused by none of his companions, for they all lay on his left, while
the alarming noise seemed to come from the right.

   Guy was a brave man, but in his nervous condition, resulting from the
recent dream, this new alarm was too much, and he felt a cold chill run down
his spine.

   Giving Forbes, wdio was next him, a gentle shake, he drew himself to his
feet, and taking a match from his pocket, rubbed it with a trembling hand
across the front of his trousers.

   It struck fire instantly, and as the sudden flare lit up the whole extent of
the island the match dropped from Guy’s nerveless fingers and he started back
with a cry of horror that echoed horribly through the gloomy recesses of the
cavern.

Chapter XXIII.—A Wonderful Escape.

   Guy had presence of mind enough to strike a second match and ignite the
torch, which was fortunately within reach of his hand, and as his companions,
THE RIVER OF DARKNESS.

159

roused from their sleep by his sharp cry of alarm, sprang excitedly to their
feet, the flaming glare revealed to their astonished gaze a monstrous serpent
coiled half on land, half in the water, at the edge of the island.

   The flat, ugly head, with its wicked eyes, was darting angrily to and fro,
and the bod\r was as thick as a man’s leg above the knee.

   “ Great Csesar, it’s a.sea serpent ! ” cried Forbes, making a dash for his
rifle, while Sir Arthur, with a dismal groan, dropped down on his knees and
had to be dragged forcibly away by the colonel.

   The glare of the torch seemed to anger the monster, for it advanced a
yard or more up the island, and spattered the water furiously with its great
tail.

   A general rush was made for the canoes, and it would have been no diffi-
cult matter to have slipped quickly away and left the hideous monster in
undisputed possession of the island.

   Unluckily Forbes was bent on resistance. He seized his rifle, made sure
that it was ready for use, and started forward just as Guy hurried to his
assistance.

   “ Come away, Melton,” he cried ; “it will only make things worse if you
wound it.”

   “ But I don’t intend to wound it,” replied Melton. “ Tin going to put
a ball through that ugly head. Stand back, Chutney ; stand back.”

   As he spoke he advanced recklessly until the muzzle of his rifle wras
within two feet of the serpent’s head, and taking a quick aim pulled the
trigger.

   The stunning report shook the cavern, and as Forbes turned to flee, the
enraged monster, with blood streaming from a hole in his neck, threw his
slimy coils forward in convulsions of agony, and before the eyes of his horri-
fied companions Melton was pinned to the ground.

   He struggled to his knees, fighting desperately to loosen the tightening
coils, and uttering heartrending appeals for help.

   Then, with a mighty hiss, the serpent flapped wildly toward the water,
dragging his victim with him, and with a terrific splash and a resounding
slap of the great tail on the moist sand, both disappeared in the gloom.

   With a terrible cry Guy ran to the water’s edge and shouted again aud
again.

   No response came back. The black river flowed as smoothly and calmly
as before.

   “ Lost ! Lost!” he cried hoarsely, and staggering backward he fell
heavily on the sand.

   The colonel ran to his assistance, and at that moment a single cry came
distinctly from a point below the island.

   “ Listen ! ” exclaimed Canaris. “ What is that ? ”

   “ Help ! Help ! ” rang mournfully through the recesses of the cavern.

   It was Melton’s voice surely, and the familiar tones reached Guy’s ears
and brought him to his feet in an instant.

   “ It’s Forbes ! ” he shouted wildly. “ The canoe, quick,” and snatching
the heavy craft:, he fairly threw it into the river and sprang in.
l6o

THE RIVER OF DARKNESS.

    Canaris leaped after him, and seizing paddles, they drove the canoe swiftly
toward the distant sound.

   “ We are coming, Melton; we are coming,” cried Guy. “We’ll save
you yet.”

    In their haste the lighted torch had been left behind, but fortunately the
Greek had matches, and in an instant another torch was lit and flaring cheer-
fully over the water.

   “ This way, Chutney,” came a feeble voice below them. “Hurry up.
I’m nearly exhausted.”

    A few rapid strokes of the paddle brought them within sight of a strug-
gling object on the surface of the water, and as the canoe ran skillfully along-
side, Guy dropped his paddle, and, leaning out, seized the drowning man by
the collar. With almost superhuman strength he dragged him into the canoe
without assistance.

   “ Thank God ! ” he cried, “ he’s safe. Speak to me, Forbes. Are you
hurt?”

    But Melton lay white and helpless in the bottom of the boat too exhausted
to reply.

   “He’s all right,” said Canaris. “Don’t make him talk. Take your
paddle, Chutney. We’ll have a struggle to make the island.”

   The Greek was right. Far above them shone the flickering torch, and
the current was bearing them further away.

   “I can’t paddle and hold the torch at the same time,” said Canaris.
“ We must be guided by the light on the island.”

    And they bent to the paddles with a will, shouting from time to time to
encourage the colonel and Sir Arthur. It was even a harder task than they
had feared—to force the canoe through that fierce rush of water. And for a
time it seemed as though they were losing instead of gaining ground.

    But at last the distant light grew brighter, and soon their friends could be
seen standing on the edge of the island.

    Ten minutes’ more labor brought the canoe to the small eddy behind the
island, and then the colonel hauled it gently upon the sand. They climbed
wearily out and bore Melton tenderly up the slope. His clothes were foul
and slimy from the serpent’s embrace, but he did not seem to be injured.

    A few drops of stimulant would have had a good effect, but as this was
out of the question they did the next best thing under the circumstances.
His wet clothes were stripped off and wrung out. Then he was wrapped
snugly in three or four big rugs and laid in one of the canoes, which was
emptied for the purpose. This heoric treatment had a speedy effect, and the
patient, much to the relief of all, recovered from his prostration and insisted
on sitting up.

    “ No, I don’t think I’m hurt,” he said, in response to Guy’s inquiries.

‘ ‘ It was the closest shave I ever had in my life, though. You may imagine
how I felt when the monster dragged me into the river. I gave myself up
for lost at once. He dived straight down, and then shot through the water
like a streak. One coil was still around my body, and hard as I struggled I
couldn’t tear loose. My ears began to sing, and I knew I would have to
THE RIVER OF DARKNESS.

i6r

drown. Then I felt the coil grow a little looser, and with one desperate
struggle I tore away and came to the top. The first thing I saw was the
light away up on the island, and I shouted for help as loud as I could. I
was terribly afraid you would not hear me, and all the time I was growing
weaker and weaker, and the current was dragging me farther and farther
away. Then I saw your torch almost beside me, and that is all I remember.
I would have gone to the bottom in another minute, I know. It was horrible,
Chutney. It makes me faint to think of it,” and Melton closed his eyes
with a little shudder.

    There were tears in the eyes of all as they listened to this marvelous story
of his escape, and a sterner realization came to them of the unknown and
unseen dangers that encompassed them.

   Further sleep was out of the question, aud yet they could not well leave
the island until Melton’s clothes were partially dry.

   “ Suppose we try some fishing,” suggested Guy. “ I have lines, and we
can bait the hooks with bits of dried meat. ’ ’

   “ That would be au agreeable change in our bill of fare,” said the colonel.

1 ‘ I second the motion. ’ ’

   “ Gentlemen, I beg of you, don’t harass my feelings by talking of fish,”
protested Sir Arthur, who was gradually recovering from his severe fright.
“ It makes me think of white bait dinners at Greenwich. I dined there two
days before I sailed for Africa. ’ ’

   “And you will dine there again, many a time,” replied the colonel.

* ‘ Only keep up your spirits, Ashby. ’ ’

   “I hope so, I’m sure,” groaned Sir Arthur, with a dismal shake of the
head that belied his words.

   Meanwhile Guy had been preparing the lines, and handing one to the
Greek, they cast them in the eddy below the island. In less than five
minutes Guy landed a trumpet, a fish of a deep purple color, a foot in length.
Canaris hauled one out at the same time, and within an hour they had caught
more than a dozen, all of the same species and of about the same length.

   “ We’ll take them along with us,” said Guy. “ We may find driftwood
enough to build a fire and cook them. ’ ’

   “ And if we don’t find any,” cried Canaris, “ we can cook them by hold-
ing them in the flame of the torch. ’ ’

  Chapter XXIV.—Sir Arthur Wakes at the Right Time.

   At this point Forbes positively insisted on getting up, and in spite of the
slight dampness that still lingered about his clothes he pulled them on and
announced himself ready to start. All were glad to leave the spot which
was connected with such a horrible event, and soon the island was far in the
rear.

   The second stage of the journey was monotonous and uneventful. A
few slight rapids were encountered, but for the most part the river was swift
and smooth.

   The character of the shores now began to change, and instead of the
162

THE RIVER OF DARKNESS.

sharp ledges falling sheer to the water, sandy beaches skirted the edge, and
from the canoes they could make out gloomy holes and passages that pierced
the sides of the cavern.

   They were strongly tempted at times to stop and explore these
unknown mysteries, but the reflection that every moment thus wasted would
prolong their stay on this underground stream always checked their impulse.

   A flat, rocky ledge served for their next resting place. It extended back
ten yards to a steep wall of rock, and here, in a hollow cavity, Canaris found
a mass of driftwood that was dry enough to burn.

   The fish were cooked rudely over a fire, but without salt they were
unpalatable and no one cared to eat them.

   The luxury of a camp fire was enjoyed while they slept, and although no
watch was kept, the night—if night it really was—passed without alarm.

   Colonel Carrington had managed to retain during his captivity a small
note book and pencil. In this he kept a record of the journey, jotting down
each night the incidents of the day’s cruise, and a page from this diary will
convey to the reader a clear idea of the uneventful manner in which the first
week passed away—a week in long to be remembered contrast to the dread-
ful period that followed on its heels.

   Third stage.—Traveled all day on smooth water. Rocky shores. Camped on an
island. Could find no wood and slept in the dark.

   Fourth stage.—Today we passed rocky islands in great profusion. Once far over-
head we saw a single gleam of light shining in from a crevice. So fax our calculation is
correct. Day is day, and night is night.

   Fifth stage.—Nothing important. Ran a few rapids and camped on the right shore
on a sandy beach.

   Sixth stage.—All goes well. We are making many miles a day. The current con-
tinues strong. Camped on flat rock in mid stream.

   Seventh stage.—Current still good. River very wide and obstructed with rocks.
Narrowly missed an upset several times.

    Eighth stage.—Traveled rapidly. Camped on a big spit of sand on right shore. Vast
cavern behind us. Too sleepy to explore it.

   Here the peaceful monotony of the colonel’s record ended. Here on
this sloping sandy beach began the first of that string of fatalities which to
their last moment will send a shudder through those who participated in
them.

   As the colonel stated, they w'ere so weary from the long day’s journey
that no investigation was made of the vast cavern that lay behind them.

   Guy advanced a few yards with his blazing torch.

   “ It probably terminates with a rocky wall,” he said carelessly; “it’s no
use looking into it tonight. ’ ’

   Sir Arthur suggested that it would be well to make sure that 110 danger
lurked in its dark recesses, but when Guy handed him the torch aud bade
him go satisfy himself, he very promptly declined the honor.

   A meager supper was eaten, for already the stock of food showed a per-
ceptible diminution, and by common consent Guy began from that time to
serve out short rations.
THE RIVER OF DARKNESS.

163

   A quantity of driftwood had been brought in the canoes from a previous
camping place, and with this a small fire was built. In its cheerful flickering
glow they fell asleep, and an hour later a faint gleam from the charred embers
was all that relieved the darkness of the cavern.

   When Sir Arthur Ashby turned uneasily on his rugs some time afterward,
even this feeble light was gone. The ex-governor was consumed with a
burning thirst. He had an undeniable craving for champagne and iced
claret, but in the unavoidable absence of these drinks water would have
to do.

   As he sat up, a faint noise reached his ears from the direction of the
canoes, and supposing it to be Canaris, who had performed similar favors for
him before, he called out loudly :

   “ My good fellow, fetch me a drink, will you? I’m deucedly dry.”

   The noise instantly ceased and was not repeated, though Sir Arthur
waited breathlessly for a full minute.

   Once he fancied he heard a slight rippling of water, but that, too, ceased
at once.

   Then Sir Arthur uttered a loud shout, which speedily wakened his com-
panions.

   “What’s wrong?” cried the colonel anxiously. “Did some one call?
I surely heard a noise.”

   “ I want a drink, that’s all,” said Sir Arthur. “ I heard some one down
at the canoes and supposed it was Canaris. Was it you, Carrington? ”

   “No, certainly not,” exclaimed the colonel, now thoroughly awake.
“ Here, Chutney, Forbes, pass me a match, quick. I have none about me.”
They were all on their feet instantly, and Guy lost no time in lighting
the torch which he kept always by his side.

   Holding it over his head he led the way to the shore, and the first brief
glance showed only too plainly what was the matter.

    ‘ ‘ One canoe is missing! ’ ’ he cried despairingly.

   “What, you don’t mean it!” exclaimed Forbes. “How can that be
possible ? ’ ’

“It’s gone,” said Guy blankly. “ No doubt of it. Here is the mark of
the keel leading down to the water. That’s not the worst of it, though.
Half our provisions are gone with it, and one lamp and an oil flask as,well. ’ ’
“ By Jove, Chutney, it’s that savage who has done this,” cried Melton.

‘ ‘ It can be accounted for in no other way. We forgot all about the scoun-
drel’s presence in the cavern.”

   ‘ ‘ But how could he have lived all this time without food ? ’ ’

   “ I don’t know,” answered Melton. “ He must have managed it in some
way, though. These Gallas are tough, wiry fellows and can stand a good
deal of hardship. ’ ’

   The circumstances all seemed to confirm Melton’s supposition. Unfortu-
nately the fact that this Galla warrior was also making the cruise of the river
had been overlooked, and now, as a result of this negligence, they had lost a
canoe and half of their supplies.

   “We have one thing to be thankful for,” said Guy. “ If Sir Arthur
164

THE RIVER OF DARKNESS.

had not wakened when he did we would undoubtedly have lost all. His
shout scared the rascal, and he did not wait to make off with the other canoe. ”
“ Yes, here is the mark of a third boat,” announced the colonel, who had
been making an investigation on his own account, “and footprints are visible
on the sand. The scoundrel must have been here when we landed.”

   “ I warned you to make a search,” said Sir Arthur, “ but my advice was
disregarded. You see the result.”

   “ Prepare to start at once,” interrupted Guy sharply. “ We must pursue
the thief and recover our canoe.”

   In less than five minutes they embarked and pushed away from the shore.
“ Put out the torch,” said Guy. “ If the rascal sees the light he can get
out of our way and we will pass him unperceived.”

   “ But how will we capture him in the dark ? ” asked Melton.

   “We must depend on our hearing,” was the reply. “ We will push
ahead quietly and listen at intervals for the stroke of his paddle.”

   Under these circumstances the recovery of the canoe was very doubtful,
but there was plainly no other course, so they proceeded to carry out Guy’s
plan as carefully as possible.

    Five paddles were all that remained, one for each of them, and with quick,
noiseless strokes they moved rapidly down the river, keeping the canoe
headed with the current as far as possible, and pausing at times to listen for
any trace of the fugitive.

   Thus they journeyed for an hour or more, but no sound of any kind
reached their ears, and it began to look very much as though the Galla had
been passed unseen in the darkness.

    ' ‘ He could hardly have kept ahead of us for such a distance, ’ ’ said Forbes.
“ I’m afraid we have missed him, Chutney.”

   Guy made no reply. The canoe at that instant grated harshly on some
obstacle, and throwing out his arms, Melton discovered that the current had
carried them against one of the steep, rocky shores. He was about to shove
the canoe forcibly away with his paddle when Guy whispered sharply :

   “ Hold tight to the rock. I hear something above us.”

Chapter XXV.—The Journey on the Lake.

    In the deep silence all heard distinctly the low, steady dip of a paddle.

   “Be ready with a match,” whispered Guy. “When the canoe comes
opposite, light the torch and I will cover the fellow with my rifle.”

   The sound grew louder and plainer, and Melton’s finger was already
trembling on the match when a terrific splash echoed over the water, followed
instantly by a most awful and heartrending wail of agony, that caused every
one to shudder from head to foot.

   Perfect silence ensued, and the dip of the paddle was no longer heard.
With nervous haste Forbes lit the torch, and the sudden light revealed an
empty canoe floating bottom up a few yards out in the stream.

    They paddled quickly alongside, and leaning over Guy turned the drifting
boat right side up.
THE RIVER OF DARKNESS.

165

   It was empty, of course. The couteuts had gone to the bottom, and near
the center the frail sides, seen plainly in the torch light, were actually crushed
inward like a shattered egg shell.

   Where was the occupant of a moment before ? What tremendous force
had wrought this devastation ?

   The current carried them on and on, but no one spoke ; no one dared
utter the thoughts that w7ere in his mind.

   At last Guy said in faltering tones, ‘ ‘ Nothing but a serpent could have
inflicted that injury to the canoe.”

   “That was the meaning of the splash,” replied Melton. “The huge
coils must have been thrown around it. The poor fellow had only time for
one cry when he w7as dragged out.”

   “ Then the serpent must have been following us down the river,” cried
the colonel. ‘ ‘ I supposed he was dead after that bullet hole in his neck. ’ ’

   “ That serpent is dead,” said Forbes solemnly, “ or I should never have
escaped from his coils. This is another serpent. The river must be the
abode of many like them.”

   This alarming statement was unfortunately only too likely to be true.
Sir Arthur was terribly distressed, and prophesied a speedy reappearance of
the monster and a fate similar to that of the poor savage in store for them all.

   His anxiety was shared by his companions, though not expressed as
openly, and all possible haste was made to get away from the horrible spot.

   A brief search was carried on in hopes of finding the lost provision bags,
but with the exception of a single floating paddle nothing was picked up.
The bags must have sunk with the lamp and oil flask.

   Nothing was seen of the other canoe—the one originally taken bjr the
savage—and they came to the conclusion that it had been purposely abandoned
farther up the river.

   The balance of that day they traveled with a dread sense of impending
danger hanging over them. The terrible scene so recently witnessed had
left an uneffaceable impression, and by tacit consent they paddled in silence,
afraid of the sound of their own voices.

   The river had suddenly become narrow, and ran with dizzy speed between
two rocky walls that reflected on both sides the glow of the torch which Sir
Arthur carried in the stern.

   Half a dozen times they dashed through brawling rapids, but no mishap
occurred, and as their increasing drowsiness warned them that night was
close at hand, they succeeded in finding a landing place on the left shore
which offered some protection until morning.

   A small quantity of wood still remained, and with this a fire was kept
burning all night, while they took turns at guarding the camp, for after the
recent events they no longer dared to sleep unprotected and in utter darkness.

   The scant amount of food now remaining was a source of great uneasiness,
but Chutney infused fresh hope into the party by the confident prediction
that if the present daily rate of speed was maintained the supply w'ould last
until the end of the journey.

   Already the pure air of the cavern had done wonders for Sir Arthur and
i66

THE RIVER OF DARKNESS.

the colonel, and they had nearly recovered their usual health and strength.
The one canoe held them all very comfortably, and they seemed to make
better progress than when they had been divided into separate parties.

   That night nothing occurred to cause any alarm, and they resumed the
cruise in fairly good spirits. The river still continued narrow and the current
swift. No dangerous water was encountered, and everything was going on
swimmingly, w'hen Guy suddenly shouted with all his might, “ Back water !
Quick ! quick ! ” and looking ahead they saw a steep rocky promontory,
against which the current split and swung off into two channels, one to the
right, the other to the left.

   In spite of their utmost efforts they continued to float down inch by inch.

   Which was the proper channel ? It was a puzzling problem on which
perhaps hung life and death. There was no time for consideration, and
under the circumstances Guy adopted the only possible course.

   “ Head the canoe straight for the center of the rock and let her drift,” he
cried. ‘ ‘ The current shall decide for us. ’ ’

   This was instantly done and they drifted with perfect accuracy straight
for the splitting point in the stream.

   For a moment it looked as though they would be flung against the rocks
and upset, but as the canoe reached the turning point it trembled an instant
in the balance and then darted headlong into the channel to the right.

   “ A good omen,” cried the colonel. “ The river Juba lies on our right.
This must be the proper channel.”

   It was a very narrow channel, at all events, and a very swift one, too,
for the rocky walls on either side were almost close enough to touch with the
paddles, and they were moving at a dizzy rate of speed.

   “ There are rapids below us,” said Forbes. “ I can hear them dimly.”

   Melton’s hearing was unusually acute, for as yet the rest could hear
nothing, but in a few seconds the distant roar was audible to all, and it grew
ominously louder with every second.

   They grasped the sides of the canoe in anxious suspense—for it was use-
less to paddle—and the angry waters were almost in sight, when Sir Arthur
dropped his torch, and instantly they were plunged in total darkness.

   No time remained to strike a fresh light. The sullen crash of the waters
drowned the sound of their voices, and the canoe blindly took its own course
and they felt the chill spray spattering their faces.

   “ Bump, bump, bump,” went the quivering boat, grinding and crashing
on loose rocks, and then with one terrific lurch, that sent them sprawling on
their knees, the violent tossing subsided and the choppy waves smacked the'
bottom of the canoe.

   With some difficulty Guy lit a fresh torch, and its light revealed a strange
condition of things.

   No shore was visible on either side, and overhead was empty space instead
of the low lying roof that always met their gaze.

   “ We are no longer moving,” cried the colonel in astonishment.

   ‘ ‘ Impossible ! ’ ’ exclaimed Guy, but on putting his hand in the water all
doubt was instantly removed. The canoe was stationary.
CUPID'S NET.

167

   They paddled on to the right, to the left, in every direction, but the dark
water, calm and sluggish, lay on all sides.

   “ We are on a lake,” said Guy. “ There is no doubt of it ; a vast under-
ground lake.”

   “There must be an outlet on the other side, though,” replied Melton.
“ All we need do is to paddle across and find it.”

   “ But which is the proper side ? ” said Canaris. “ Are we headed straight
now ? ’ ’

   “ By Jove, I don’t believe we are,” replied Guy. “ I’m afraid we are
completely mixed up. We will paddle until we reach the shore, and then
follow it till we come to the outlet.”

   “ Yes, that will do very well,” said the colonel. “ The lake cannot be
so very large. I wish we had time to complete a survey of it. I should like
to make a report to the Royal Geographical Society.”

   “ I wish the honorable members of the R. G. S. could change places with
us,” said Sir Arthur, with a groan. “ I have no doubt some of those luna-
tics would enjoy this beastly hole. There is 110 accounting for taste,
Carrington.”

   The colonel made no reply. He was keeping stroke with Chutney’s
paddle, sharing with him the outlook ahead. The minutes passed on, but
still no signs of any shore.

   “ It’s a pretty fair sized lake after all,” said Guy.

   “And we are the first white men to navigate its waters,” remarked the
colonel solemnly. “ This is a wonderful discovery. Our fame as great ex-
plorers will be assured if we ever get back to England. ”

   ‘ ‘ Land ahead ! ’ ’ shouted Guy suddenly, and snatching the torch from
Sir Arthur, he stood erect as the canoe shot gently towards a dim object that
rose from the gloom twenty yards distant. Amid breathless silence the keel
nicked the sandy beach and Guy sprang out.

   One brief second he held the flaming torch aloft.

   Then he turned and tottered with trembling limbs towards the canoe.
He tried to speak, but no words came, and his face was pallid and horror
stricken.

William Murray Gray don.

(To be continued.)

CUPID’S NET.

                       Ah, what is Cupid’s net?

                         A web of filmy laces ;

                        A trap for a coquette,

                       A means to show her graces ;

                         A lure he loves to set
                         Before our very faces.

                       Ah, what is Cupid’s net?

                        A web of filmy laces !

                                              Harry Romaine.
THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.*

How the robbery of the rival banks became a matter of strange coincidences—Far reaching
and totally unexpected results of an act of gallantry—The battles on Bunkel
Island, and the frustrating of carefully laid plans.

SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED.

    Mr. Singerlay and Mr. Barkpool are the two wealthiest citizens of Montoban. The former
is proprietor of the Montoban Mill, and president of the Montoban Bank ; the latter owns the
Onongo Mill, and presides over the Onongo Bank. They have long been enemies, and their
quarrel is shared by their sons, Dolph Singerlay and Phin Barkpool, but both the latter are beset
by the same desire : to have a steamer of his own on the lake. Andy Lamb is the son of Mr.
Barkpool’s engineer, and he rescues Diana Singerlay from the persecutions of Tom Sawder, a
young hoodlum. Phin quarrels with him in consequence, and the father is dismissed from the
Barkpool employ, only to be hired by Mr. Singerlay. Meantime Dolph and Phin, despairing of
getting steamers from their fathers, rob the banks of which their fathers are the respective heads.
They are surprised in their work by a professional burglar, called Poddy, and his assistant, Tom
Sawder, who capture the two young gentlemen, together with a hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars, and carry them off in a rowboat to Bunkel Island in Lake Montoban. Here they are kept
in a grotto, effectually concealed from view, while Montoban supposes that the two banks have
been robbed by the sons of their respective presidents. Andy Lamb, however, has his doubts
on this point, and he tells Rynon, an officer who has been put on the case, about a strange man
he has seen on Bunkel Island. Although Rynon declares that this is no trail, Mr. Singerlay
insists that the island shall be visited, which is done, and while the fugitives are eating breakfast
in the cave, Poddy commands silence at the sound of voices outside.

Chapter XXVI.—Looking for the Boys and Not the Man.

T30DDY drew his revolver from his hip pocket when he heard the sound
of voices near the entrance to the grotto, and looked savage enough to
shoot all his companions. He suspended his trencher operations, and the
others followed his example. He was afraid that even the working of their
jaws might be heard by the intruders.

   “ If one of you speaks, or makes the least noise, I will kill him ! ” said
Poddy, in a low but very impressive whisper.

   Not one of them moved or ventured to utter a sound. They all listened,
and could hear talking and the tramp of feet on the rocks outside of the cave.

   “ I tell you there is nothing here ; and you are taking me on a wild goose
chase,” said one of the speakers outside. “ We want the boys, and not the
man you saw.”

   “ I don’t say there is anything here ; and I don’t see anything, though
some one has been cutting down firs here,” added another voice.

   ‘ ‘ Come along ! I am not going to fool away any more of my time chasing
a shadow,” added the first speaker, who was at some distance from the open-
ing by this time.

*This story began in the April issue of The Argosy. The four back numbers will be
mailed to any address on receipt of 40 cents.
THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.

169

   This remark was followed by the tramping of feet on the rocks, and it
was evident that the second speaker was leaving the locality, for no further
sounds were heard. Poddy maintained silence for some time longer, though
he resumed his trencher practice.

   The meal was spread out on the platform which served as a bed at night.
It was made up of cold dishes, consisting of cold chickens, sandwiches, a
whole leg of ham, a keg of crackers, and plenty of bread and cheese. Only
•the coffee was hot.

   By the side of the table was a large basket, which was well filled with
provisions, all cooked and ready for use. It was plain that the robber
had prepared for a long stay on the island, though he could not have laid
in a stock for the two extra persons he had brought to the cave. However,
it looked as though they could all live on the supply for a week at least.

    It was a late hour for breakfast, and all of them seemed to be desperately
hungry. Not one of them spoke after the sound of the voices ceased to
reach them. As it did not look as though they were likely to be disturbed,
Poddy’s savage expression softened to its former amiability. But at least
half an hour elapsed before he spoke, and the meal had been finished. Then
he looked at Tom Sawder some time before he said anything.

   “ Do you know who those men were that we heard outside, Tom ?” asked
the leader.

    “ I’ll bet I do ! ” exclaimed the hoodlum, grating his teeth with wrath.

   “ Hush ! Do you want to call them back, you blockhead ? ” demanded
Poddy, as he raised the pistol in his hand, though even Tom might have
known that he did not mean to fire it, as the sound of it would have brought
the visitors back to the vicinity. “Can’t you speak without bellowing?
Who were they ? ”

   “ One of them was Andy L,amb ; and I should like to get hold of him ! ”
replied Tom, in a more reasonable tone.

   “ Nonsense ! That fellow would thrash you every time, as he did in the
boat ; and you had better keep away from him,” added Poddy.

   “ Thrash me ? He can’t do it ! Nor no other fellow in Montoban ! ”

   “ No matter about that now. Who was the other? ”

   “ The other was Rynon ; and he would like to get hold of me,” chuckled
Tom. “ He took up the rest of our fellers, but he couldn’t find me.”

   “ Rynon, if that is his name, says he wants the boys,” continued Poddy,
taking xio further notice of Tom, for whom he cherished a very decided con-
tempt. ‘ ‘ What does he mean by that ? ’ ’

   No one answered this question, and no one seemed to be able to do so at
once. But it was the subject of consideration to Dolph and Phin. When the
silence had prevailed for some time Poddy repeated the question.

   “They are looking for the boys, and the officer don’t take any stock in
the man that was mentioned,” said Dolph.

   “ I am that man,” added Poddy, with a smile. “ There can be no doubt
of that. Tom Sawder very nearly gave me away. ’ ’

   “ Git out ! I didn’t do nothin’ of the sort ! ” exclaimed the hoodlum.
“ I don’t never give nobody away. I ain’t no sech a feller.”
170

THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.

   “Don’t talk so loud, Tom,” said the chief sternly. “Tom got into a
row with that other boy, and got a thrashing, to say nothing of being knocked
overboard. ’ ’

    “ Wait till I git hold of Andy L,amb ! Then you will see who’ll git the
thrashing,” said Tom.

   “We are willing to wait; but we were speaking of what had been,
and not what is to be, though I shall bet on Andy,” added Poddy, who
seemed to take pleasure in thorning his brutal assistant. “I was afraid Tom
would get killed, and I believe I showed myself to Andy.”

    I didn’t tell him to show hisself,” said Tom, addressing the prisoners.

   ‘ ‘ Then Tom came on shore and wanted to borrow my revolvers. I re-
fused to let him have them ; but when he said he only wanted to scare Andy,
I yielded. When I saw him blazing away at the sail boat with the young
lady in it, I shouted to him, and said, ‘ None of that ! ’ I did not mean Andy
should hear me ; but perhaps he did. That is the way Tom gave me away,
for Andy is looking for the man he saw.”

    “ Rynon did not care anything about the man ; he wanted the boys,” said
Dolph. “ Of course that means Phin and me.”

   “ What makes you think so ? ” asked Poddy. “ He may have meant Tom
and his crew.”

   “ But three of them are in the lockup now. If they had meant Tom,
they would have said so, and not spoken of him in the plural number,”
argued Dolph.

   “Tom thinks he is a host in himself, though the officers probably don’t
think so,” suggested the robber.

   “ What time is it now, Mr. Poddy? ” asked Dolph.

    “ Half past eleven,” replied the chief, when he had consulted his elegant
gold watch. “ The forenoon is nearly gone ; but we have nothing to do.”

   ‘1 Then everybody in Montoban knows that both banks were cleaned out
last night. The fact came out at nine o’clock. Phin and I have been missed,
and the keys have not been found. To sum it all up, Phin and I have the
credit of having robbed both banks,” said Dolph, with some excitement in
his tones and manner.

    “You are both of you entitled to that credit, for both of you intended to
do just that thing,” chuckled Poddy.

   “ Now they are looking for us, and not for you,” added the son of the
Montoban magnate. “ My father never does things by halves, and by this
time he has sent a description of me to New York, and perhaps to every city
in the country.”

    “ Very likely ; and that will convince you that you are in the safest pos-
sible place in the whole world. They will not look for you on this island. ’ ’

   That ended the conversation. Without being a farthing better off than
he had been the evening before, Dolph realized that he was published all
over the land, to the grief and shame of his family, as a bank robber. It was
a bitter thought, and down to the deepest depths of his being repented that he
had ever harbored the wicked idea of robbing the bank.

   When the breakfast things had been put away, Poddy opened the travel-
THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.

171

ing bag and spent the next hour in counting his villainous gains. As Dolph
looked at him, he thought of the schemes that had flashed through his mind
before he went to sleep. He had better be shot than live branded as a bank
robber. He could not determine how it was to be done, but he firmly re-
solved to undo the mischief, or attempt to do so.

   When Poddy was tired of looking at the immense mass of bank bills he
went to the entrance of the grotto. Little by little he removed the firs
from the mouth of the cave and then stepped out. He cautiously looked
about him, and then out upon the lake in the direction of the town.

   “ All right! ” exclaimed he. “ They have left the island, and now I am
monarch of all I survey. That boat is a mile off, and you can come out, Dolph
and Phin ; but you must not show youselves. ”

   “That is the Dragon, my boat,” said Dolph. “ Our visitors have left.
Can we walk on the back of the island, where we can’t be seen from the
town ? ’ ’

   Poddy gave his consent.

   Chapter XXVII.—Tom Sawder’s Bloodthirsty Suggestion.

    “ You will not show yourselves near the shore in any part of the island,”
said Poddy, after the prisoners had walked a few steps from the spot where
the robber stood at the entrance of the cave.

   “No one could see us from the main land,” said Dolph.

   “ Some gunner or fisherman may be in a position to see you. If you
please, I prefer that you should stay where no one can see you,” added
Poddy. ‘ ‘ I can keep you in the cave all the time ; but if I am good natured
enough to let you take the air, you must observe my directions.”

   “ Very well, Mr. Poddy ; we will do as you say,” returned Dolph.

   “ Keep away from the west side of the island, and you may go where
you please on the other side,” continued the robber, as he returned to the
interior of the cave.

   Poddy was satisfied that it was simply impossible for the prisoners to
leave the island, as there was no boat except the one in the cave. The near-
est part of the main land was half a mile distant, at the strait, while the
channel was a mile and a half wide.

   They were to keep away from the shore of the strait, and no person could
see them across the channel. The robber did not even think it was.neces-
sary to watch them, though he was not likely to allow them to remain out of
his sight for any great length of time.

   Dolph led the way to the highest part of the island, which was directly
over the grotto. There were plenty of firs growing on the summit, though
the sides were exceedingly rough. The rocks lay as though a mountain of
them had been dumped in this place, with a small proportion of earth mixed
in with them. Here and there a crevice, sometimes amounting to what boys
would call a cave, was to be found.

   “What’s going to be the end of this thing?” asked Phin, as his com-
panion seated himself on a rock near the summit of the hill.
172

THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.

    “ That depends,” replied Dolph, looking earnestly into Phin’s face.

   “ Depends upon what?” asked Phin, suddenly animated by the possi-.„
bility of a change in the current of their affairs, for there was something in
the expression of his fellow prisoner which denoted the presence of activity
in his mind.

    “ Upon ourselves,” answered Dolph, in a low tone, after he had looked
all about him to make sure that Poddy was not near them.

    “ What do you mean ? ” asked Phin, in the same low tone.

    “ It looks as though we might be kept here a week, or perhaps a month ;
and we may as well do something in the beginning as in the end,” added
Dolph cautiously, for he distrusted both the discretion and the pluck of his
associate ; but it was because he knew less about him than of any other boy in
Montoban.

    “ What can we do ? ” inquired Phin, to whom the idea of doing anything
was a new revelation.

   “ One and one make two, on one side ; and one and one make two, on
the other side,” replied Dolph, rather mysteriously, though his looks expressed
more than his words.

    “ That makes two on each side,” added Phin, who had no difficulty in
comprehending as much as this.

    “ I see that you know what I mean.”

    “ Poddy and Tom on one side ; you and I on the other.”

      ‘ ‘ J ust the idea. ’ ’

   “ But—one and one make two, again,” added Phin.

   " What? ”

     ‘ ‘ Revolvers. ’ ’

    “ Just so.”

    “ One plus one equals zero plus zero : bad equation.”

   “ Two plus two equals two minus two. Change all the signs and the
value of the members remains the same.”

    But Dolph had come to the end of his algebra, and he had made a blunder.
Phin understood him, however. The other side had two revolvers, and they
had none. If they could get possession of both weapons, the forces on the
two sides would be reversed.

    Dolph had ascertained that his hereditary enemy was willing to listen to
him ; and this was all he wanted.

    “ How to get the shooters,” continued Phin.

   “Take them,” replied Dolph.

    “ Not easy.”

   “ Can be done.”

     ‘' Perhaps. ’ ’

    “ Hush ! ”

    Dolph rose from his sitting position and looked all around him. Then he
listened. A very indistinct murmuring sound could be heard by both of
them. Dolph dropped upon the bit of earth under them, and put his ear to
the ground, for he had read Indian stories enough to know how it was done.
He listened for a few minutes, and then rose from the ground.
THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.

173

   Dolph was somewhat excited as the result of his listening. Phin could
not understand him, but he lay down on the ground and listened. He could
hear the confused sound of voices in a conversation carried on in a low tone.

   “ In the cave,” said Dolph in a whisper.

   “ Yes,” replied Phin in the same manner.

   “ Say 110 more here,” added Dolph ; and Phin nodded his assent to the
precaution.

   But Phin evidently had an idea, though he had not overflowed with them
before. Without getting up he dropped on his hands, and began to creep iti
the most cautious manner away from the spot. When he had gone less than
a rod, he halted at an opening in the rocks. It was a rent not more than
three feet wide ; and it looked as though a quantity of large pieces of the
boulder had been dumped into it.

   At this aperture Phin stopped and put his head down into the rent as far
as he could. It was plain to him that the opening extended all the way
through into the grotto, though it was not practicable for the passage of
even a small boy in its present condition. If the loose rocks were removed,
an entrance to the cave might be made.

   Phin pointed to the rent, but he did not say a word ; and Dolph was pru-
dent enough to follow his example. The latter had done some thinking in
the grotto while waiting for breakfast that morning. There was a snapping
fire at the end of the cave, at the farthest point from the entrance ; aud the
thinker wondered that the subterranean chamber was not filled with smoke.

   There was no smoke there, and he had wondered how it escaped. This
rent in the rocks explained the matter to his satisfaction. As the fragments
of the boulder were large, so were also the interstices between them. At any
rate, there was an effective chimney. Suddenly Phin, with his head in the
hole, raised his hand, and both of them listened.

   The voices of Tom and Poddy could be distinctly heard, and they seemed
to take no pains to stifle the sounds. They had evidently been silent before ;
and Poddy did not seem to take any pleasure in the conversation of his brutal
companion. Of whatever crime he was capable, the bank robber was a gen-
tlemanly villain, though he was not a whit the better for that.

   “ What you goin’ to do with them cubs, Poddy?” was the first sentence
which was understood by the listeners.

   “ Knock them on the head when I have done with them,” growled
Poddy, as though he did not care to talk with his companion.

   “ You let 'em go about as though they hadn’t no tongues in their heads,
nor no legs on their carcasses,” added Tom.

   “ They can’t get away.”

   “ I dunno about that. There’s lots of driftwood round the island, and
they can make a raft.”

   “ It would take them two hours to get to the nearest shore, and I should
see them before they got off,” replied Poddy, who was plainly considering
such a possibility as Tom suggested.

   “ The best way is to shoot ’em both, and drop ’em into that hole,” added
the hoodlum.
174

THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.

   “ Do you want your neck stretched? ” demanded the other.

   ‘‘ Stop the cave up, and fill the hole with rocks; then nobody’d never
find ’em.’’

    “ We will do all that if it is necessary,” added Poddy.

   Then Tom wanted one of the revolvers ; and the chief gave it to him
after he had shown his need of it.

Chapter XXVIII.—The Desperation of the Prisoners.

   It was Tom Sawder’s idea that he might be put into a tight place if the
prisoners were allowed to roam about the island at their own pleasure. They
might catch him alone, and perhaps both of them together might get the
upper hand of him. They could tie him to a tree, and then fall upon Poddy
when he was asleep, or not on his guard.

   1 his was the argument that induced the chief to surrender one of the
revolvers to his reckless companion. Phin and Dolph were appalled at what
they heard. Even the gentlemanly villain proposed to “ knock them on the
head ” when he was done with them. Tom might fire at them at any time,
and he was disposed to do so.

   The hoodlum regarded the prisoners as a decided impediment. He was
in as great a hurry to get away from the island as the sons of the magnates.
His imagination was fired with visions of reckless dissipation in the great
city, where his pockets would be filled with money.

   As soon as the younger reprobate had obtained the revolver, he alluded
to a division of the “ swag,” as he called it, for he had made some progress
in the rogue’s vocabulary under the tuition of Poddy.

    The prisoners on the island did not feel so much interest in this matter,
and Poddy evidently did not relish the topic, and was not willing to discuss
it. He promised to make a fair division of the money, and this satisfied
Tom for the time. Not another word was to be heard, and very likely Poddy
had gone to sleep.

    Phin raised his head from the trying position in which he had placed it,
and moved away from the chimney of the cave, as they afterwards called the
opening. They continued to crawl until they had put ten rods between
themselves and the grotto. Phin had taken the lead in these last movements,
and Dolph followed him without making any objection.

    Phin rose to his feet, and made a careful survey of the ground about him.
He could see no holes in the rocks near him. The surface was very irregu-
lar, and the firs and savins were thick.

    No cavities which could possibly contain a listener were to t>e seen in the
vicinity. Both of them were sure that no one could hear them.

    It afterwards proved that they were mistaken.

   “ We have nothing to hope for in the future,” said Phin, as he looked
Dolph in the face ; and both of them had a lugubrious aspect.

   “ If Tom Sawder has his way, we are not long for this world,” replied
Dolph. “ He has a revolver now, and he would use it on the slightest pre-
tense. ’ ’
THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.

175

   “ That’s,so,” said Phin solemnly. “ I agree with you now that we must
do something.”

   ‘ ‘ I am not going to be cowed down and trodden upon by such a vagabond
as Tom Sawder. “ I can’t stand it; lam not used to that sort of thing,”
added Dolph, his eyes snapping with wrath.

   “ I am no more used to it than you are,” returned Phin. “ But what
can we do in the face of two revolvers ? ”

   “ We might as well be shot first as last.”

   “ I don’t believe Poddy will take the trouble to get us out of the scrape,”
said Phin thoughtfully. “They can’t stay on Bunkel Island forever, you
know.”

   “ Their provisions won’t last more than a wTeek, even if they hold out as
long as that. ”

   “ Then they must leave. Whether they stay here three days, a week, or
a month, the time is sure to come when they must leave. They are not
going to starve on this island, even if they have to run a big risk in getting
away from it. What do you think they are going to do with us when that
time comes ? ’ ’

   “ That’s the question,” added Dolph, who could easily imagine the situa-
tion his companion described.

   ‘ ‘ Do you think they are going to encumber themselves with two fellows
who will be of absolutely no uge to them ? ’ ’ asked Phin, with energy, almost
giving way to weeping in despair over the fate that was apparently in store
for them.

   “ Of course they w'ill not take us with them,” answ'ered Dolph ; but the
difficult problem seemed to make him rave with anger rather than cry in
hopeless submission.

   “ What are they going to do with us when that big time comes? ” de-
manded Phin, actually shaking with emotion.

   »“ I give it up ! ” exclaimed Dolph, who was sorry to see his fellow pris-
oner choking with feeling, and was inclined to lift him out of his despond-
ency if he could.

   ‘ ‘ What can they do with us ? ” asked Phin.

   “ They can leave us on the island,” replied Dolph, trying to laugh for
the benefit of his associate in misery.

   “ Will they do that ? ”

   “ That is all they can do, unless they adopt Tom Sawder’s cheerful sug-
gestion, and blow our brains out,” replied Dolph lightly, though his manner
belied his feelings. “ They will have to leave us here, since we agree that
they will not take us with them.”

   “ But how will they leave us? ” persisted Phin, who could not see any
possible bright side to the question.

   “ They will launch their boat, and leave us ; that’s the whole of it.”

   “ That is not the whole of it. If they would do that I should not com-
plain. We could build a raft, as Tom said, and get to the main shore. Of
course we. should tell the whole story as soon as we got back to Montoban,
and the wires of the telegraph w'ould trip up the robbers before they got to
176

THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.

a safe place,” reasoned Phin. “ They are not going to leave us in any such
way.”

   “ As you seem to know, Phin, how are they going to leave us? ” asked
Dolph, with a laugh, for he was only anxious to bring his companion into
his own condition of mind.

   “ They are going to tie us hand and foot, and leave us in the cave ! ” ex-
claimed Phin, with melodramatic earnestness. “ Then they are going to
stop up the entrance of the hole with that big rock which lies near it. ’ ’

   “I think you are right, Phin,” said Dolph, in the most encouraging
tones. ‘ ‘ They are not going to leave us in a situation to start a pursuit of
them.”

   “ Nobody in Montoban has the least suspicion that we are on Bunkel
Island; they are looking for us in New York City and elsewhere. We
should starve to death in the cave ; die a lingering death, prolonged for
weeks, perhaps,” said Phin, with a shudder.

   “ You take a cheerful view of the end of the whole matter, though it
seems to me that you are wholly right,” returned Dolph. “ The robbers
can’t do it in any other way. They must either shoot us or tie us in the cave
so that we can’t get out. They are not going to take any risks, of course.
Poddy has one hundred and fifty thousand dollars in cold cash in his bag,
aud he can be a count on the Dake of Como if he succeeds in making his
escape. ’ ’

   “We need not argue the matter any more, for we agree perfectly,” added
Phin, who in some measure ascribed this result to his own logic and elo-
quence.

   “ Then all we have to do is to strike now ! ” said Dolph, in a low tone,
but with the most determined energy.

   “What do you mean?” inquired Phin, who had not got so far as his
companion.

   ‘ ‘ We must change the signs in both members of the equation by getting
possession of the two revolvers. ’ ’

   “Can we do that ? ” asked Phin, amazed at the idea.

   “ We can try ! ”

    ‘ ‘ But we may be shot. ’ ’

    ‘ ‘ That will not be half so bad as being shut up in the cave, with our hands
and feet tied, to starve to death ! ” exclaimed Dolph. “ Better be shot than
starved. But we have a good chance to succeed. If you will take Tom, I
will take Poddy. When they are asleep, we have more than an even
chance with them. Get the revolvers, and then use them.”

   “ I don’t think I could handle Tom,” said Phin.

   “ Not when you take him asleep? ”

   “ I will think how to do it,” added Phin, shrinking from such a contest
as was indicated.

   “ I have thought of it all, and you can do it as easily as you can tumble
down on the ice. The first thing will be to hit him the heaviest crack on
the head you can with a club or a rock,” said Dolph earnestly. “ I know I
can fix Poddy the first time trying.”
r

THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.	177

   “ Hush ! ” whispered Phin, as he heard a sound near them, and expected
to see Tom Sawder the next instant with the revolver ready for use.

   But, instead of Tom, Andy Lamb showed himself.

Chapter XXIX.—An' Obstinate and Incredulous Officer.

   Andy Lamb, on the morning of the robbery of the banks, had been
obliged to remain at home later than usual on account of the absence of his
father, who had gone to the Montoban Mill at three o’clock to start the fires
under the boiler. His sou had carried his breakfast to him at half past
eight, for the engineer did not want to eat it till he had the mill in good
working order, and had taken a little food when he left the house.

   On his return, shortly after nine, Andy heard of the robbery of the bank.
He had almost j urnped up into the air when the news came to him. He was
startled, as everybody was, aud the thought of the man he had seen on Bunkel
Island was his first consideration. Of course he could not say that the mys-
terious stranger he had seen was the robber, though he felt almost sure of it.

   He went to both banks, and gathered all the news there was to be had,
and then returned to the engine room of the mill to relate it to his father.
Mr. Lamb told him to go home with the pail and tell his mother what had
happened, and by that time the officers would be ready to hear him, for they
were busy then looking up the facts.

   The engineer owned a very fine revolver, which had been presented to
him by his associates in the shop when he left his former situation. He
told his son to take this weapon, for after the display of arms the day before
at the island he thought Andy should be provided with the means of defense.

   The young man had practised a good deal with this arm, and he was
prudent and discreet, so that he could be trusted with it. It was rather
large, but Andy put it into his hip pocket, and took a box of cartridges.
On his return to the lower part of the town it had come out that Dolph and
Phin were missing, and that each of them must have taken the keys of the
bank from his father’s house.

   This discovery seemed to upset Andy’s theory that the mysterious
stranger was the perpetrator of the robbery. His father, too, was confident
that the two boys were the guilty persons. Andy was somewhat staggered
in his belief, but it still seemed to him that the stranger must have had
something to do with the robbery. What was he doing on the island?
Why had he taken so much pains to conceal himself if he was an honest
man ? But the machinist told him to give his information to the officers.

   Andy left the mill, and then he saw one of the policemen examining the
Dragon. He decided to see him, and hastened to the boat house. He felt
that half the strength of his case had been removed by the absence of the
boys, but he cudgeled his brains to recall all the events at the island.

   Suddenly it occured to him that Tom Sawder was missing as well as
Dolph and Phin. The hoodlum certainly had some connection with the
mysterious stranger. He had conveyed a considerable raft of boards to Bun-
kel, which must have been for the use of the man he had seen. Then Tom

      <L>
i78

THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.

must have obtained his revolvers from him. The vagabond certainly had
some relations with him.

   The stranger had said “None of that ! ” to Tom when the latter fired the
pistol for the first time. He would not have done that if they had not been
associated in some manner. This reasoning -from the meager facts in his
possession strengthened him in his belief that the stranger and Tom knew all
about the robbery.

   He told his story to Rynon. The officer had his theofy, and was not
willing to believe anything that conflicted with it. It was only when Mr.
Singerlay insisted that he would consent to visit the island. Rynon was sure
that the boys had robbed the banks and taken a train to some distant point
early in the morning.

   The magnate told them to take the Dragon for their visit to the island.
The sail boat was provided with a small tender, which Dolph used when he
wanted to land where the water was shoal near the shore. Andy was in favor
of taking this tender with them, and insisted upon doing so. The magnate
had to interfere again in his favor before the policeman would yield the point.

   Rynon was far from enthusiastic in the mission he had consented to under-
take, and he growled all the way to the island. They looked it over in half
an hour, and Andy w'as forced to admit that he found nothing to justify his
confident assertions that Tom and his associate were concealed there.

   At the same time he asked Rynon a few hard questions, which the officer
could not answer. Tom had rafted a lot of boards from the town to Bunkel,
having probably stolen them. Where were those boards ? Not a splinter of
one of them could be found. What had become of them ? Tom could not
have conveyed them back to Montoban.

   Rynon could not answer any of these questions ; he declared that it was
of no consequence what had become of the boards. He would not take the
trouble to reply to Andy’s suggestions. He had been an officer for twenty
years, and he was not going to be led by the nose by a boy. He knew what
he was about and he did not want any advice.

   “ You said that Tom and the man went on in the boat at the time you
arrested Bob Rottle and the others, Mr. Rynon ?” said Andy, who had
another point to make with the officer before they left the island.

    ‘ ‘ That is what I said ; but it has nothing at all to do with the robbery of
the banks,” replied Rynon, very crustily, if not angrily.

   “ The man picked up the four boys who were hanging to the wreck of the
boat, I think you said,” continued Andy, as pleasantly as he could speak.
“ Where did he land them, if you please ? ”

   “I don’t know ; I was not on the island at the time ; but I found the
three boys I arrested over on the east side of the island. They had been to
the landing rock in search of Tom and the man. They could not find them
or see anything of the boat.”

   “ If the boat had left the island, it must have crossed the channel,” added
Andy.

    “ I suppose so, for the boys would have seen it if it had crossed the strait,”
growled the officer.
THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.

179

   “ I think that is plain enough, Mr. Rynon, for the boys went back to the
west shore after they had looked over the channel, and you fouud them
there. I contend that they could not have crossed the channel, for it is a
mile and a half wide, and the boys would have seen them if the boat had left
on that side of the island,” argued Andy, with a good deal of earnestness.

   “ I don’t care whether it did or did not ; it has nothing to do with the
robbery committed by Dolph and Phin, for neither of them were on the island,
or anywhere near it,” answered Rynon roughly. “We have looked the
island over, aud there is not the ghost of a sign to show that the robbers are
here. That is all I want to know. ’ ’

   “ I am not satisfied yet,” said Andy.

   “ I don’t care whether you are satisfied or not,” replied the officer, as he
walked down to the landing rock. “ I did not come down here to satisfy
you, but myself. I know the robbers are not here, and have not been here,
and I am going back to town. Do you think, after twenty years’ experience,
I don’t uuderstaud this sort of business better than you do ? ”

   Andy realized that it was useless to attempt to get ahead any farther with
such an officer as Rynon ; and he thought he could borrow a detective from
any ten cent novel who would have more shrewdness than his companion.

   “ If it is all the same to you, Mr. Rynon, I should like to remain here a
little while longer. I will pull back in the tender when I want to go home,”
said Andy, for he could not think of leaving the island until he had made a
more thorough examination of the place for himself.

   Andy embarked in the tender, and while the Dragon was standing up
the lake on her way to. Moutoban, he pulled over to the east side of the
island. Under oue of the cliffs he stopped to consider the situation. He and
Rynon had examined the island without finding the slightest evidence that
the man was still on the island. The boards must be on the island, and he
was determined to find them.

Chapter XXX.—The Conference on the Island.

   Tom and the man, if the}' had committed the robbery, or had a hand in
it, might have escaped in their boat to the main land, and departed to parts
unknown ; but they could not have taken the boards with them. The
lumber, or a part of it, had been taken ashore, to Andy’s certain knowledge.
Now it had disappeared with the man and Tom. It was a mystery, to say
the least, whether or not it had any connection with the cleaning out of the
two banks.

   Andy knew of a place on the west shore where he could leave the tender
in safety, for he was general enough not to trust himself 011 the island with-
out leaving open his line of retreat. He could shove it in under the rocks,
and then walk on a sort of shelf to an accessible part of the island.

   He came to the lower level of the island just below the hill which lay
between the landing rock on the south side and his present position. He
had hardly reached the plain, as visitors called the lower part of the island,
before he was sure that he heard footsteps on the side of the hill.
i8o

THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.

   As a matter of precaution, he dropped upon the ground ; and then, as
another measure of the same kind, he examined his revolver, which was not
yet loaded. Such a weapon does not amount to much when its barrels are
empty, though it is sometimes a very convenient bugbear.

   If the persons whom he was to see soon were the man and Tom, an empty
pistol was not the thing for them, and he charged all the barrels of the
weapon. Then he listened, and he was not a little excited. He did not
care even to meet Tom Sawder face to face, for that would mean fight ; but
he wanted to see where he concealed himself.

   R3rnon and Andy had been all over the island without obtaining any
evidence that there was a human being on it. Andy had resisted the officer’s
conclusion and had almost quarreled with him. Now the sound of footsteps;
whoever made it, proved that he was right, and he was bountifully encour-
aged.

   The savins grew with their lower branches almost on the ground. They
were to be found in groups, and it was aii easy thing to obtain perfect con-
cealment. At the place where he had halted and dropped upon the ground
three of them growing in the form of a triangle promised him the security he
desired at that moment.

   Andy continued to listen, while he slowly and cautiously worked himself
into the clump of savins. The footsteps were still to be heard. In a few
moments he was satisfied that more than one person was descending the hill,
whose rough side compelled them to move very slowly and carefully. There
were two of them, and they must be Tom and the man.

    The listener took out his revolver and held it in his hand, for he feared
that he might be suddenly called upon to use it. In a short time he heard
voices, though they were not loud enough for him to distinguish what was said.
If the two were talking, one of them must be Tom Sawder, though neither of
the voices sounded like his.

   The persons who were approaching reached the plain. They looked about
them, as Andy judged by the sounds. Then they came together quite near
the three savins which hid him, but they had only searched in the open places.
They seated themselves, and having assured themselves that no one was near
they spoke out loud.

   The first time one of them used his full voice Andy was astounded and
bewildered. It was neither Tom nor the man who spoke ; it was Phin Bark-
pool. The listener could hardly believe the evidence of his own ears.
Then he heard the answer to the first remark in the tones of Dolph
Singerlay.

   The sons of the two magnates of Montoban were on Bunkel Island, in
spite of the theories and the absolute certainty of Rynon that they were not
there. The telegraph was pursuing them all over the country, and here
they were within three miles of the banks they had plundered ! Officers
were looking for them in the great cities, but they were in sight of home.

    It took some time for Andy to realize the truth of this, though his senses
gave him all the evidence he needed.

    If the boys were here, the vast sum they had stolen could not be far off.
THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.

181

Andy was almost carried away at the idea of being instrumental in restoring
the money to the banks.

   But Dolph and Phin did not wait for him to subdue his emotions. They
went on talking about the situation, and Phin, who had the floor, painted a
terribly black picture of their immediate future. He listened to the entire
conversation till the prisoners had decided to rebel against the fate in store
for them.

   At this point Andy crawled out of his place of concealment, and walked
toward the spot where the conversation was going on.

   Of course, he had received a new revelation from what he had heard. It
did not appear that Dolph and Phin had robbed the banks. They were
prisoners in the hands of some other persons, who were doubtless the real
robbers.

   How the sons of the magnates had been carried off, if they were not
concerned in the crime, was a jpuzzling problem which Andy could not
solve, and he gave it' up, for he had not a single fact to bear upon the
question.

   As soon as he could crawl out of the shelter of the savins, he stood up,
with the revolver still in his hand. The two boys heard his steps and were
alarmed.

   “Andy Lamb ! ” exclaimed Dolph, as soon as he saw the son of the
machinist.

   “ Andy Lamb,” repeated Phin, and it is safe to say that he felt none of
the malice he had nursed the last time they were together.

   “I did not expect to find you here,” replied Andy, looking from one to
the other. ‘ ‘ I have heard what you have said during the last half hour. ’ ’

   “ Then you know all about our situation,” added Phin.

   ‘1 No, I can’t see through it at all. I know that you are here—that you are
in danger of being shot or starved to death,” Andy explained. “ I have not
the least idea how you happen to be here, or who is going to shoot or starve
you. I am utterly astonished to find you here, for your father, Dolph, has
telegraphed all over the country to find you.”

   ‘ ‘ That is what I supposed he would do, ’ ’ added Dolph.

   “ Everybody in town is satisfied that you two robbed the banks, and that
you have got away wTith all the money,” continued Andy.

   “ They are all mistaken ; we did not rob the banks, though I won’t deny
that we intended to do something of that kind in a small way,” added Dolph,
hanging his head, for he had made progress enough in his misery to be
ashamed of what he had tried to do.

   “ Who did rob the banks ? ” asked the newcomer, his wonder increasing.

   “A man that Tom Sawder calls Poddy, though I think, from one of
Tom’s slips of the tongue, that his real name is Ben Podgate,” answered
Dolph.

   ‘ ‘ What has become of the money ? ’ ’

    “ It is in a traveling bag in the cave. ’ ’

   “ In the cave ! What cave ? ” asked Andy. “ I never heard of any cave
on Bunkel Island.”
182

THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.

   “ I never did till we were brought here at about two o’clock this morn-
ing. It is under this hill.”

   Both Dolph and Phin looked about them anxiously at this point of the
conversation, for they had been absent over an hour from the cave, and it
was time for one of the robbers to be on the lookout for them. Andy was
almost sure he heard a sound in the direction of the entrance to the grotto.
But they could discover nothing either with the eye or the ear.

   Andy was burning with curiosity to hear more of the experience of the
two young magnates ; in fact, he thought it was necessary for him to know
more before he reported to Leffwing, who stood at the head of the police
force of Montoban.

   He conducted his companions to the shelf of rock by which he had
landed. It was only wide enough for them to stand in single file ; but there
he listened to the whole narrative of the robbery.

    They were not more than three feet alcove the water, and a northeasterly
wind was blowing with considerable force, having greatly increased in vio-
lence since Andy’s arrival. The waves wet the trio as they stood on the shelf,
and they could hear the tender, in its place of concealment, thumping against
the rocks.

   Dolph decided that they could not cross the channel in the tender, and
he and Phin decided to return to the cave so as not to excite suspicion.

   Chapter XXXI.—Andy Shelters Himself from the Gale.

    Phin was the more timid of the two prisoners, though he had a fair share
of pluck. He had heard, or thought he heard, noises which indicated the
approach of one of their persecutors, and they made him nervous. If Poddy
had thought they were absent too long, he was more likely to send Tom to
see where they were than he was to go himself.

   If the hoodlum saw Andy Lamb with them he would be inclined to shoot
some one, and the presence of a visitor might be a sufficient excuse for doing
so in the estimation of the leader. But Phin thought that a good excuse
would be little consolation after any one of the trio on the rocky shelf had
been shot. He preferred to avoid the shooting, and his companions agreed
with him.

    It was a thing understood from the beginning of the conference that Andy
should convey the prisoners back to Montoban ; but when they looked at
the lake, they all agreed that it was impracticable to do so in the tender.

    The little boat was quite as handsome as the sloop to which it belonged,
but it was hardly big enough to hold more than two persons. It was long for
its beam, and would upset upon the smallest provocation. It answered the
purpose for which Dolph used it when the lake was reasonably smooth.

   In the present rough condition of the water, it would simply have been
suicide to attempt to cross the channel in so small a boat. All three of them
agreed on this point. It was necessary, therefore, for the prisoners to report
at the grotto.

   Andy could not arrange any plan with them, for he was not willing even
THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.

to trust himself alone in the tender. He must remain on the island for the
present ; but he would return to Montoban as soon as the weather would
permit.

   Of course a force from the town would come to the assistance of the boys
as soon as the situation was made known there. This was all the arrange-
ment that could be made. Until this could be done it would not be prudent
to allow the robbers to know that a visitor had been to the island.

   Phin had proposed that Andy should work around the island in the tender,
and cross the strait on the west side. Dolph, however, was sure that it was
even rougher in the narrow passage than in the wide one, for it was more
exposed to the action of a northeast wind. The only thing they could do
was to wait ; and to boys this is the hardest thing in the world to do. The
prisoners returned to the cave, leaving Andy standing on the shelf of rock.

   The engineer’s son was quite as eager to do something at once as his late
companions had been. But the weather was decidedly bad. It had been
cloudy since nine o’clock in the morning, and the sky was blacker and more
threatening than it had been when Andy arrived.

   It looked like a storm, and the wind was continually increasing. The
waves broke against the rocky shores of the island, for the wind had a sweep
of two miles, and the rollers were heavy for a small lake.

   Andy felt as though his wheels had been blocked, for he could do
nothing, in spite of his good intentions. He wondered if Mr. Singerlay,
when he wras told that he had been left on the island with nothing but the
frail tender, would not send the Dragon back for him. The magnate must
see that it was impossible to return in the little craft when the wind was
blowing a stiff gale.

   But Mr. Singerlay was not likely to think of the boys’ peril; at this time
he had enough to keep his mind busy. But Andy was sure his father would
think of him when night came, and he did not return. At the worst, he
was satisfied he could stand it till the next morning, though it was not
pleasant to think of spending the night out of doors on the island, in a storm
from the northeast.

   He had heard the tender bumping against the rocks in the water cave
where he had put it. He was afraid it would be injured by the commotion
of the waves, and he decided to go down and look out for it. Possibly he
could find a shelter during the storm under the rocks. He had visited the
place many times before, and he knew, or thought he knew, all about it.

   The rocks, as at Castle Hills and the Bay of Islands near them, seemed
to have been shaken up by some convulsion of nature at an earlier period.
If they had been rent and split up by an earthquake or a volcanic eruption,
they would have been, left very much as visitors found them.

   They were pierced in every direction with crevices, apertures, and clefts
of all shapes and sizes. There were half a dozen of these holes on the east
shore of Bunkel Island.

   The one which Andy had chosen, on account of the shelf which afforded
a good chance to land on the island, was an opening in the form of a shelter
tent. He had been in it several times, but he had never had any desire to
THE BUNKEL MYSTERY.

examine it carefully. He knew that the rocks were honeycombed with
openings, as a load of large stone chips would be when dumped on the
ground from a cart.

   Andy had backed the tender into the cavern, which was about ten feet
deep, so that he could secure the painter on the shelf. He drew the boat up
to his landing place, and stepped into it. Letting go of the cord which held
it, the tender immediately drifted back to its former position. The stern
rested against an upright mass of rock.

    The wind did not blow directly into the little grotto, and the water in it
was sheltered by the abutment on the weather side. Andy shortened the
painter so that the tender should not hit the rock at the stern. Then, with
a small line he found in the boat, he rigged a stay on each side, which he
attached to the rocks.

   Thus secured, the boat pitched and rolled on the uneasy waters, but it
was .safely moored so that it could not strike the rocks at any point.

   Andy seated himself in the stern of the tender, and put on the overcoat
he had brought with him in anticipation of rain, for the air was quite chilly.
He could hear the roar of the surging waves as they-beat upon the rocky
shore ; but he felt quite comfortable.

   In this easy position he began to consider the events of the preceding
night. He found abundant occupation for his thoughts ; but he had hardly
entered upon the subject when he was startled by the sound of a voice quite
near him, as he thought.

    The sound did not seem to come from the direction of the lake,'where the
only opening he knew anything about was situated. The voice seemed to be
in the very heart of the rocks. It appeared to come from some point over his
head, though not directly above him.

    He was alarmed, not for his personal safety, but because the security of
his position was threatened. He looked about him ; but, except on the sur-
face of the water, it was so dark that he could not make out anything.

   Andy was not a smoker, but he made the fire in the cook stove for his
mother in the morning, and he carried a tin box of matches in his pocket.
He lighted one of them.

    By the feeble light of the match he discovered that there was a consider-
able crevice on the south side of him. Casting off the stay on the opposite
side, he moved the tender over to the aperture. Pieces of rock had fallen
from above, and formed a rough platform just above the water.

    It followed that, if he could hear the persons above him, they could hear
him if he made a noise. He did not, therefore, deem it prudent to get upon
the platform.

    As he reached over and put his head into the aperture, which was like an
oven, he could see gleams of light. It was evident that the crevice in the
rocks reached to the summit of the hill, though it was so crooked and irregular
that no direct rays of daylight could penetrate through it to the lower cavern
in which Andy had sought shelter.

   “ Tom ! Tom ! ” shouted the person whose voice Andy heard. “ Wake
up ! I have called you a dozen times ! ”
DOLLY GRAY.

185

   ‘ ‘ Wliat do you want ? ’ ’ asked the well known voice of the hoodlum.

   “ Go out and see where tlio.se boys are. They have been gone over an
hour ; but don’t bring them in till I tell you,” added the first speaker ; and
Atidy concluded that he was Poddy.

   Nothing more was said, and it was plain that Tom left the grotto to obey
the order of the chief.

   But Audy heard other sounds, and he gave his attention to them. He
was sure the noise was nearer than the interior of the cave, which he now
knew was above him, but farther than his own grotto from the lake.

   The sound was that of something descending the crooked shaft which led
to the top of the hill. He looked in vain for a sight of anything, for the
tortuous passage did not enable his vision to reach more than six feet. He
was alarmed, for Poddy might be descending the crooked passage. He took
out his revolver, and prepared it for use.

   The moving body, whatever it was, bumped from side to side in its
descent, but it came nearer the water cave every moment. It was not a man,
and Andy put up his weapon. He was afraid to light another match lest the
glare of it should be seen by the bank robber above.

   The object struck the rough platform. Then it was jerked up and down
several times, and the observer could faintly discern a dark body, floundering
about like a live animal.

   When it ceased to move Andy put his hand on it. It was a large travel-
ing bag. It was very heavy, and his heart bounded when he realized that it
contained the money of which the two banks had been rifled.

                                                                  Oliver Optic.

(to be continued.)

DOLLY GRAY.

                  ’Twas a winding woodland way
                  Where I met you, Dolly Gray,

                   And you passed me with a glance
                   Of your hazel eyes askance.

                   But you never blushed nor turned,

                   While the heart within me burned,

                  Oh ! you knew not how I yearned,

Dolly Gray !

                    Just a year ago, today,

                    Since I met you, Dolly Gray ;

                   And the slightest word I speak
                   Paints a rose upon your cheek,

                   As we wonder ’neath the shade
                   Of the winding woodland glade.

What a change a year has made,

Dolly Gray !

                                            James Buckham.
A MONTH IN THE MOON.*

The marvelous experiences that grew out of the Lunar Company, Limited—How the catch-
penny scheme of three adventurers was transformed into an extraordinary
contribution to the world of science—Scenes and incidents
of a sojourn on the earth's satellite.

SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED.

    Messrs. Gryphins, Vogel, and Wagner, three adventurers in Melbourne, Australia, start
The Lunar Company, for the Conquest and Exploration of the Mineral Rielies of the Moon.
The control of the enterprise passes into the hands of Norbert Mauny, a young French scientist,
who has a plan of attracting the moon to the earth by erecting a series of powerful magnets.
The Bayouda Desert in the Soudan is selected as the site. At Suakitn Mauny meets the
French consul, M. Kersain, and his daughter Gertrude, who decide to accompany him on a
visit to the Mogaddem of Rhadameh, a local ruler whose favor must be obtained before the
transportation of the material across the desert can be made.

    Norbert secures the cooperation he desires and the reflectors are erected on the Peak
of Tehbali, where work proceeds with gratifying success till Messrs. Gryphins, Vogel,
and Wagner are detected in a conspiracy to turn the workmen against Norbert. They are
imprisoned, and then Norbert, hearing that trouble threatens Khartoum, where M. Kersain
has been transferred, determines to go thither and see if he cannot induce him and his daughter
to take refuge at the Peak.

    It is finally arranged that Gertrude, accompanied by Dr. Briet, her uncle, and Fatima, her
maid, accept the invitation.

   Meantime Kaddour, the Mogaddem’s dwarf, plans to destroy the work on which Mauny
has built such high hopes. But he is taken captive and placed in charge of Virgil, Mauny’s
right hand man. Discovered in an attempt to win away the allegiance of the negro
guard, he is condemned to be shot, but swallows poison just before the execution is to take
place.

    The magnets are working splendidly, and by the sixth day the moon is so close and appears
so immense that Norbert’s party are terrified. One of them rushes to the tablet where the
knobs controlling all the motors are situated, raises one and lowers another. A fearful crash
ensues and all are thrown into insensibility.

    When they come to again the astounding discovery is made that the whole mountain of
Tehbali has been transferred to the moon. As soon as he realizes what has happened, Nor-
bert hastens to close and hermetically seal all the windows, in order that no air may-escape,
as the moon being without atmosphere, man cannot breathe there. However, he provides
respirators, with which he and Sir Bucephalus Coghill are enabled to start out on an exploring
trip, during which they discover an opening into the crater of an extinct volcano, which has
become filled with air from the earth.

    On the return to the observatory the body of the dwarf is found exposed to view by the recent
catastrophe, and perceiving certain signs of life in it, Dr. Briet sets to work and soon has Kaddour
restored to life, he having forced himself into a state of catalepsy. He is kindly treated by all
and sensibly melts under these influences. Meanwhile petty thefts of food have been noticed,
aud it is discovered that Gryphins, Vogel, and Wagner are also on the moon.

    On first beholding them Kaddour becomes much excited and begs Mauny to hand them over
to him for punishment, for it turns out that they had kidnapped him when a boy and distorted
his body in order to fit him to fill the place of a dwarf who had died and whom they had been
exhibiting. But Norbert simply directs them to be placed in captivity again.

    At the close of the moon’s night of two weeks the alarming discovery is made that seven out

*	This story began in the February issue of The Argosy. The six back numbers will be
                      mailed to any address on receipt of 60 cents.

                                                                        €
A MONTH IN THE MOON.

187

of the eight tons of chlorate of potassium, used to furnish the party with oxygen, have been
stolen by the captives. It is finally discovered at the bottom of the crater, and Norbert is
strongly minded to put the culprits to death, but decides to grant them a respite till they can be
brought before a tribunal on the earth. He places them under Kaddour’s surveillance, who
declares that he will wall up all the openings of their prison, leaving them only just space
enough for breathing purposes.

Chapter XL,IV (Continued).—The Stolen Chlorate.

   IRGIL, and Kaddour were not long in collecting materials wherewith to

      close up the prisoners’ breathing hole, till it was no bigger than the
port hole of a vessel. The prisoners looked on in horror, terribly afraid that
they were to be buried alive.

   “ My good friends,” said Wagner, in hurried accents, “ can it be possible
that you intend to wall us up alive? ”

   “Since we have only a ton of chlorate left,” said Virgil, “ we must at
least take care to keep it all for our own use.”

   Wagner and company looked at each other in dismay, and conversed
apart in low tones.

   “We have not destroyed the chlorate,” explained Wagner, “and we
are quite ready to indicate its whereabouts, if we are only treated a little
better. ’ ’

   “ Indeed ! ” replied Virgil, plastering on with supreme unconcern. “ You
are too late with that offer. It just happens that we can do without your
chlorate. ’ ’

   “I am delighted to hear you say so,” said Wagner, whose countenance
denoted anything but unmixed satisfaction. “In that case, you would surely
not punish a harmless offense so severely.”

   “ Everything depends on the intention,” said Virgil, as he laid- his
first stone.

   “ But surely you do not really mean to suffocate us ? ” cried.Vogel, more
and mor terrified.

   “ What was your intention in taking away our air ? ” retorted the Alger-
ian soldier.

   The rascals were so ill advised as to turn to Kaddour.

   “Sir,” said Gryphius, “will you not intercede for us? We have not
the pleasure of knowing you, but we caunot believe that such an odious
crime will be perpetrated in your presence.”

   “No ! ” shouted the infuriated dwarf, who up to this moment had kept
silence with diificulty, out of obedience to Norbert’s instructions. “No!
You cannot believe that so odious a crime can be perpetrated? Such things
do happen, though, sometimes ! Have you never heard talk of a certain
child who was stolen from his family by two proprietors of a traveling circus,
who walled him up for fifteen years in a steel corselet to prevent his grow-
ing ? The story was related to me, and I thought I had never heard its
equal for brutality. Shall I tell it to you, Peter Gryphins and Ignaz
Vogel ? ”

   The two wretches became perfectly livid ; their eyes dilated, and seemed
as if starting out of their sockets.
188

A MONTH IN THE MOON.

   “Shall I tell you, my masters,” pursued Kaddour, “ how this, child was
sold by you to the Viceroy of Egypt; how at Cairo he lived the life of a
curious beast or domestic animal for twelve years ; how he fled to the desert,
where he instigated rebellion and incited the natives to war ; how he subse-
quently found himself in the moon; and how, throughout it all, one fixed
idea governed him—the determination to be revenged on you ? But I need
not detail the history ; you have recognized me, and you know now what
to expect. Yes, Peter Gryphins; yes, Vogel; it is I—Midgy, Ex-General-in-
Chief of the myrmidons of the Sultan of Batavia ! I—whose flesh you
cramped and mutilated, to sell it, first to the gaping public, then to a
viceroy. I have grown a little—at least four inches—since you lost sight of
me. The child’s chin now bears a man’s beard. But it is I, all the same,
you scoundrels! I have you at last within my grasp, and I won’t let
you go ! ”

   Kaddour might have gone on indefinitely in this strain ; the unhappy men
had ceased to listen to his words. Beside themselves with amazement and
fear, they had fallen oh their knees before him, beseeching mercy.

   But he would not even look at them. Maddened with rage, he heaped
stone upon stone in feverish haste, while Virgil quickly worked the plaster ;
and in a few minutes only a square aperture of a fewT inches in size remained
for the passage of air.

Chapter XLV.—Nearing the Earth.

   Some minutes after the late terrible scene between Kaddour and his old
tormentors, Virgil took provisions to them, and reassured the unfortunate
men with the intelligence that the only penalty inflicted on them was to fetch
the chlorate back from the bottom of the crater Rheticus.

   They did.this with such alacrity that the chlorate was all restored within
twelve hours, although this entailed enlarging the orifice of the crater, going
down it, and filling their sacks to take them to the observatory twenty seven
times in succession.

   The fabrication of oxygen now proceeded rapidly, while the machines
were set going to charge the electro-accumulators. At the expiration of
forty eight hours, the time fixed by Norbert, the preparations were com-
pleted.

   The young scientist announced the welcome fact at breakfast time, and
then proceeded quite calmly to establish contact.

   “ Now we start,” he said, looking at his chronometer and making a note
in his pocketbook. “ We shall arrive in a hundred and fifty five hours and
eight minutes, not counting the seconds.”

   “ Arrive where ? ” asked Gertrude.

   ‘ ‘ In the Soudan. I had a motive yesterday in hurrying matters so. The
position of the earth at this moment is such that we have every chance of
descending on the desert of Bajrouda. Had I waited one hour longer we
should have fallen on Bengal or Cochin China. It was, you see, advis-
able to make as much haste as possible. ”
A MONTH IN THE MOON.

189

   “ If you had asked me,” said Gertrude, pouting a little, “ I would have
preferred descending at Khartoum.”

   “Believe me, I should have been only too delighted to please you in
this respect,” murmured Norbert, “ but there was one great difficulty in the
way.”

    ‘ ‘ What was that ? ’ ’

   “ We should have had to wait seventeen years longer ! ”

   Every one laughed on hearing this, not excepting Gertrude herself.

   V And if some accident,” pursued Norbert, “should have prevented our
departure at the precise minute, the long delay would have been perfectly
useless. ’ ’

    L,ife in the observatory went on the same as before, and it was difficult to
believe that they were on the move. Only their implicit reliance on the cal-
culations of the young astronomer led them to place faith in his assurances
that they had really started. Before retiring to rest, however, they per-
ceived a sensible difference in the diameter of the earth, now in her last
quarter, and Norbert confirmed by micrometical measurement the fact of her
increased size.

   The descent, proceeded rapidly. Seventy hours after starting, the earth
visibly increased in diameter, appearing like a large ball of a uniform color,
on which the continents stood out distinctly, and were of a yellow hue, while
the seas were steel gray.

    The rotation was so plainly evident that the different regions of the globe
made each their separate entry at the eastern side of the disc, passed like
light clouds over its face, and disappeared on the other side.

   “ It reminds one of the figures in a magic lantern,” said Gertrude,
“ making their appearance to the right and their exit at the left corner.”

   It was in truth a fairy-like scene. Through the telescope they could
plainly discern mountain and forest, snow tipping the summits and clothing
the polar regions, while a line no thicker than a hair was guessed to be the
Mississippi or the Amazon, and a black speck here and there was evidently
some large town.

   Towards the hundred and twentieth hour, which corresponds to the fifth
day, the interposition of the earth between the sun and the moon was suffi-
ciently marked to bring on a night of seven hours. It could not be called an
eclipse, for it was not a partial nor an instantaneous occultation of the solar
disc, but its total disappearance behind a gigantic screen across all one
side of the horizon.

   When the sun reappeared, the clouds obscuring the earth parted for an
iustaut, and Norbert distinctly saw through the telescope a sea dotted with
vessels. It was the Mediterranean. The waters were so limpid that they
did not hide the conformation of the ground intervening between Sicily,
Sardinia, and Tripoli. Then the clouds closed agaiu.

   The final moment was approaching, and it was time to put the last
touches to their preparations. Aided by the doctor, Virgil, and Kaddour,
Norbert began by fitting the parachute on a large frame that had stood ready
for the past eighteen days in the middle of the esplanade.
190

A MONTH IN THE MOON.

   It was shaped like a triumphal arch, and bore in front a steel arm that
turned freely on two well greased hinges. From the arm hung the cord
that suspended the parachute, and a small electric cable was wound round the
latter, having direct communication with the terminal of the magnetic
mechanism.

   Close by hung a chopping knife in its sheath, and by pressing a spring
this knife would cut the cord and electric cable clean through. This would,
at one and the same time, set the parachute free and arrest the magnetic
action of Tehbali.

   No one but Norbert knew the secret of this machinery, and he fully
intended to keep it to himself, and leave nothing this time to chance.

   The parachute was thirty yards across. It was made of the pieces of silk
prepared in the storeroom, and pieced together by Gertrude and Fatima,
under Norbert’s superintendence. The cords of suspension were passed
through a large hole in the center, and it was held open by a steel frame like
an umbrella.

   The car was hung by silken cords to the edge of the parachute, and was
made of a slight circular framework two yards in diameter. Round this was
a silk netting at elbow level, with eleven spaces left for the oxy gen respirators
that were subsequently to serve also for seats. A basket of provisions, a box
of clothing, an aneroid barometer, and a thermometer completed the contents
of the car.

   The parachute had been ready for two or three hours, when the sun dis-
appeared anew behind the terrestrial screen, and deep night prevailed in that
part of the esplanade where the travelers were assembled. It was darker than
any night they had ever seen, for not only was there not the slightest stream
of starlight, but the sky itself was completely gone—its place was occupied
by the terrestrial globe.

Chapter XI/VI.—Kaddour Bars the Way.

   Seated round a table, on which burnt an electric lamp, in the observa-
tory drawing room, the castaways were silently awaiting Norbert’s signal for
departure.

   On a sudden Norbert rose, and, turning to Gertrude, said :

   “ It is time. We have been a hundred and fifty four hours on the jour-
ney. In thirty eight minutes we shall be on the earth. It is time to seat
ourselves in the car. ’ ’

   “ I am ready,” answered Gertrude, rising at once. “ Come, Fatima.”
Led by the doctor, they went out to the esplanade, and took their seats
in the car of the parachute. Norbert, who had accompanied them, returned
to hurry Sir Bucephalus and Smith.

   “There is no time to lose,” he added. “I have just ascertained that
the parachute is considerably out of the vertical position. In a quarter of
an hour, at most, all must be finished ! Do y^ou take your places. Virgil,
Kaddour, and I will go and bring the prisoners. ’ ’

   The baronet and his model domestic hastened to the esplanade, while
A MONTH IN THE MOON.

Norbert proceeded towards the storeroom to choose some respirators for the
prisoners.

   He had just reached the circular passage, holding his electric lamp,
when a sharp blow on the right shoulder knocked the lamp out of his
hand, and two strong arms at the same moment seized him round the waist.

   “You were going without us, were you? But you shall not !” cried a
voice that Norbert recognized as Wagner’s. He struggled vigorously, and
caught a glimpse between whiles of two more figures close at hand.

   ‘ ‘ Kaddour ! Virgil ! Help ! ’ ’ cried Norbert. ‘ ‘ The prisoners have
revolted ! ”	•

   Happily, Kaddour and Virgil were not far off. They saw in the twink-
ling of an eye what had happened, and each rushed upon his man. Norbert,
with the energy of despair, had mastered his assailant, and held him pinned
to the ground by one knee on his chest. It w'as Peter Gryphins.

   With a well directed blow Virgil knocked over Wagner, while Kaddour,
seizing Vogel with his strong arms, brought him down with a bump.

   “There you are, all three !” cried Virgil. “Scoundrels! to behave so,
just when we came to liberate you. But how did they get here?” continued
he, looking all round.

   The electric lamp which had been deposited on the ground threw a ray of
light on the wall, and made it evident that the stones had been quietly and
patiently loosened ; so that it needed but a well directed blow to knock them
out and leave a great breach, through which the prisoners must have pene-
trated into the circular gallery.

   It was necessary, however, to come to some immediate decision. Had
the three visitors been armed, there could be little doubt that they would
have summarily settled the matter. But as it was, they were at a loss how
to turn their victory to account.

   “fi master and Kaddour could manage to hold this villain,” said Virgil,
“ I can get some rope and have them all bound in a trice.”

   “Quite right,” answered Norbert. “Hand us over your charge, and
make haste.”

   Virgil did as he was bid. Seizing the already half strangled Wagner by
the neck, he brought him over to Norbert and Kaddour, who gripped hold of
him without slackening their grasp of the other two.

  “Take the lantern with you!” shouted Norbert. “Don’t lose a
minute ! ”

   Virgil obeyed, and disappeared into the storeroom. The prisoners at
once struggled madly to escape, but they reckoned without their host, for
Kaddour could easily have settled them all.

   “ If you dare to move again I will throttle you,” he said, squeezing their
throats, and chuckling horribly. The savage threat had the desired effect ;
not one dared to move again.

   Virgil had already returned with a rope. He cut off several lengths with
his pocket knife, and in a few minutes the three prisoners, strung together
in a row like sausages, were placed standing against the wall. The fight had
so exhausted them that they said not a word, but submitted silently.
192

LOVE, THE MAGICIAN.

   “ Quick, now, the respirators ! ” said Norbert.

   Then he continued :

   “ We will fasten them on their chests, aud carry these rascals to the
parachute. ’ ’

   “What!” cried Kaddour. “Do you mean to take them after this
attempt of theirs ? ”

   “ Their attempt has nothing to do with the question,” replied Norbert.
“These men ought to be judged and sentenced by a regular tribunal. I
have vowed that the world shall know what they have done, and I will keep
my vow. .Come, Virgil, bring the respirators, and let us make an end of it,
once and for all.”

   The Algerian soldier obeyed with military promptness, but Kaddour was
not going to be silenced.

   “It is incredible ! ” he said. ‘ ‘ When you have ready to your hand such
an easy way of punishing them, how can you take the trouble to drag them
down to another tribunal ? You shall leave them here. Have they not, by
this last mean treachery, lost all title to your indulgence ? Think you, had
the tables been turned, that they would have saved you ? ”

   “ I do not model my conduct on theirs,” replied Norbert coldly. “ Not
another word, Kaddour ; these men are to come with us. It is true that they
are vile wretches, the blackest villains ever seen, perhaps. But it shall never
be said that I took upon myself to leave them exiled on the moon, with the
inevitable prospect of death from suffocation.”

   Virgil came back with the respirators, and, fastening one on each pris-
oner, put the mouthpieces over their faces.

   “ Take this one first,” said Norbert, pointing to Peter Gryphins.

   Virgil took him up, but the dwarf did not move.

   “ I suppose I must help you, since Kaddour won’t,” said Norbert, stoop-
ing down to grasp the legs of the bound man.	0

   But the dwarf planted himself at the door, and muttered hoarsely:

   “ These men shall not go out from here ! I will not have it / ”

A. Laurie.

(to be concluded.)

               LOVE, THE MAGICIAN.

                         Sing bird, ripple rill ;

                         Purple is the distant hill ;

                        Sky is bright, and day is clear.

Love is here.

                      Frown sky, vanish hill;

                        Mute the bird, and dry the rill ;

                       All the day is drear an^fdead.

Love is fled.

                                     George Brewster Gallup.