
Missing Page: Inside Front Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
Contents

No. 17

Amazons of the Asteroids...4

By N. K. HEMMING

They were the last of a legend—a horror tale best left
in the past.

Invasion of the Inseetants 14

By G. C. BLEECK

Voracious insects force-grown to thousands of times life-
size; with their death-potential to match.

Planet of the Lost ..........20

By ALAN YATES

You've got to place a lot of faith in your own hunch to
follow it in the footsteps from which all others have failed
to return . . .

All rights reserved. Reproduction in
part or whole expressly forbidden in
any part of the world without written
permission from the publishers.

  •• i • * V' •
  »•

I/

mm

7» i 1 •. I 1 (I >	----------- A	' • '»

/>■.* t. ---J	<, --- I	•.

  Note: All characters and incidents in this story are imaginary; and
  if any name used be that of a living person such use is due to
  inadvertence, and is not intended to refer to such person.

  I*

  - - V
Of course they couldn't
exist, these woman warriors
of the multi-worlds; but
they proved too deadly to
be mere theories or
mirages.

of the

  By

 N. K. HEMMING

THE “Star shell” had hit the fringes
of the dust belt a couple of weeks
out from Mars. The first few days
ploughing through the Asteroid orbit
had not been too bad, but they were
deep in now and it was not only dust
that crossed their path.

  She was an experimental ship, the
first to attain the 37 miles a second to
escape Jupiter’s gravity—where she
was heading now. 2273 was the age
of exploration. Venus and Mars had
been visited, then the Earth explorers
turned longing eyes at Jupiter’s huge
bulk.

  The "StarsheH's” crew were not large,
the customary small scout sent out to
make a preliminary survey. The larger
forces would follow later. Floyd Es-
trom, her pilot and astrogator. Lee
Jackson, engineer, and Doctor Gernitz
supplied an all round knowledge of
science for the project.

  The fourth member of the party
could not really be put into any cate-
gory, but he had proved himself too
useful to be left behind on any trip.
He was economical too. He did not
breathe or eat and existed solely on
ultra-violet rays. He floated now in

PAGE FOUR. THRILLS INCORPORATED
the middle of the cabin, a little glass-
like sphere filled with a thick swirling
creamy substance, like heavy fog, and
sometimes appeared lit by sparks, in
fact Dirga the Venusian could give out
quite a nasty little shock if he felt
like it.

 The video screen showed a large
meteor headed for them and Floyd in-
stinctively ducked. He knew the force-
field around the “Starshell” would shunt
it aside if it was small enough, if not
the compact little electronic brain
would make a split second determina-
tion of its course and turn the ship, but

                Medusa raised her
sceptre with a shrill cry, the Pegasus
thundered across the ground, winqs
unfolded and the spacemen we*«
borne away.

THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE FIVE
he still had that desire to duck a flying
missile every time one of those erratic
wanderers of space turned up.

  “What a H- of a locality,” he

commented disgustedly.

  “It will get worse,” Dirga replied
with the calmness of his race.

  Floyd heaved a book at him: “Shut
up cheerful.”

  The little sphere dipped out of the
way and changed colour to blue, de-
noting amusement.

  “I don’t see why we could not make
a landing on some of the larger As-
teroids,” a plaintive voice put in. “We
have plenty of fuel.”

  “Because Earth Government’s more
interested in Jupiter at the moment,
Doc.” Floyd explained patiently. He
had had all this before. Gernitz had
some whacky theory that the myths
and legends of the ancient times about
the Amazons, those warrior women of
Earth's hoary past, were tied up with
the planet that had exploded in pre-
historic times to form what was now
the Asteroids. His contention was
that the inhabitants of that planet had
known its balance was disturbed and
had emigrated to Earth. It was an in-
teresting theory, but nobody believed it,
except Gernitz.

   Floyd turned back to the screen, leav-
ing Gernitz muttering in his short ag-
gressive beard and it was at that mom-
ent that another meteor showed up,
THE meteor. He had a strange feel-
ing of unease the moment it appeared
on the screen and his apprehension
was not misplaced.

  Suddenly the “Starshell” rocked and
bucked crazily, flinging him forward to
crash against the controls and Gernitz
against the wall. Lee, asleep in his
bunk, was tossed out, and even Dirga
zipped across the cabin, changing to
<a startled green.

  When things quietened down Floyd
drew himself off the controls, hearing

Lee muttering in the background. ‘The
electronic brain made a blue that time,”
he said grimly, “dipped us in the tail
of the comet.” He checked up on their
course and found they were slightly off
now, in fact heading straight for the
largest Asteroid they had met with yet,
and reached out a hand to the port
vane control, to turn them. The lever
refused to budge and swift alarm cross-
ed his face.

  Lee came to his side quickly. “It’s
jammed?”

  “Yes—and we are heading straight
for that Asteroid!” He tugged fran-
tically at the lever, but it resisted his
efforts. “We’ll have to go down. I
hope it’s in one piece.”

  “We’re going too fast,” Gernitz
warned.

  “We will just have to chance that.
Get to your acceleration bunks,” he
replied briefly.

THE other two strapped themselves
in, but Dirga floated across the
cabin and came to rest on Floyd’s
shoulder as he started savage decelera-
tion, trying to bring the ship from in-
terplanetary speeds to a merely suici-
dal dive in the short space of time they
had.

  In spite of the crushing pressure, a
low startled cry managed to force its
way through his set lips at the astound-
ing change that was taking place in the
Asteroid. It was not one, but three—
and all three surrounded and linked by
a blue haze of atmosphere. Easy on
a hundred miles must have stretched
between those three tiny planets, yet
by some unknown and incredible law
of the cosmos atmosphere occupied the
gulf.

  “It’s not possible,” he whispered.
“Whoever heard of atmosphere between
planets.”

  ‘There is atmosphere, therefore it is
possible,” Dirga stated in an analytical
tone.

PAGE SiX, TH’RILLS INCORPORATED
  Floyd did not reply. The question
of possible or not could be gone into
later. At the moment he was more
concerned with landing the ship with-
out too much friction in that atmos-
phere. Two smaller planetoids revolv-
ed around a larger one and, using the
starboard vanes, he managed to per-
suade the “Starshell” to come in for a
landing on the largest. For a while
it grew uncomfortably hot, then a jar
announced they were down.

  He leaned back with an exhausted
grin, watching the other two stagger
to their feet. “If I never have to come
down that quick again, I’ll be happy.”
“Yqu’11 be happy,” Lee groaned.
‘The only thing that would reconcile
me at the moment is the sight of some
of the Doc’s Amazons.”

  “It is extremely unlikely any living
creature could have survived the world
catastrophe, but even so I don’t think
I should actually like to meet any
Amazons,” Gernitz said somewhat dub-
iously. “The old legends had them as
a pretty ferocious crowd and men were
regarded as less than dirt.”

  Floyd laughed and reached for a
space suit. “Suppose we go outside
and have a look.”

  The other two pulled on the light-
weight plastic suits also and made their
exit through one of the airlocks, Dirga
floating by their side, unhampered by
whatever atmosphere there might be.

  It was slightly hazy outside, the sky
a peculiar shade of bluish-green where
it was not covered by clouds and Lee
busied himself with a little gadget on
his belt.

  “Atmosphere poisonous,” he an-
nounced, “mostly ammonia, methane
and chlorine.” He glanced down at
the ground curiously to see what the
terrain was like and suddenly stiffened.
“Floyd, look at that!”

  ‘That” was a footprint, the print of
a horse’s hoof—and had obviously only
been recently made.

  “So the place has got life,” Gernitz
said softly. “I wonder . . .”

  What he wondered was never known.
Something drew their eyes to the top
of a low rise. The horse that stood
there, a palomino with the slender legs
and arched head of the thoroughbred
and with something white laying along
his sleek sides, was startling enough—
but the girl who rode him nearly made
their eyes pop out. She was slim and
golden, blonde hair rippled to half-
bare shoulders and clad in some gar-
ment that bore a slight resemblance to
ancient Greek draperies, only the
Greeks had worn rather more of the
drapes.

  “Wow!” Lee said expressively.
“Moral—Psycho Control never design-
ed that get-up.”

AT this point the girl decided to take
a hand. After surveying them with
a puzzled frown from her point of van-
tage, she bent her head to the horse
and it trotted down the hillside towards
them. In her hand she held a slender
lance fully six feet long with three cruel
barbs on either side, and it was pointed
rather suggestively at them.

  “She does not look exactly friendly,”
Floyd commented, giving up wondering
whether she really existed. After a
system of planetoids with atmosphere
between them, he was ready to believe
anything.

  The lady was definitely unfriendly.
They saw her lips moving and switch-
ing on their helmet radios to pick up
external sounds, heard a flow of unin-
telligible words. The beautiful face
was arrogant in its assurance, and
anger gleamed in the topaz eyes as she
pointed oft towards the nearer of the
other two planetoids. She did not seem
in the least afraid of, or in awe of,
the strangers in her homeland. On the
contrary, they rather got the impression
that she regarded them as a definitely
inferior species.

THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE SEVEN
  Dirga floated around her and she
made a prod at him with the lance,
then he returned to Floyd’s shoulder,
yellow with interest. He did not have
vocal chords, but his means of com-
munication was rather more effective
since he could pick up brain waves and
transmit them again, a kind of tele-
pathy.

  “I think the Doctor may be right in
his theory,” he announced. “This
female of your species regards the male
as inferior. She asked why you were
not in the pens.”

  “It ties up,” Gernitz said excitedly.
“The Amazons treated their menfolk
as almost slaves.”

  While this discussion was going on,
noticing they took no notice of her
spate of words, the girl became even
more angry and prodded Gernitz with
the point of her lance. Quite casually,
Floyd reached out and removed the
weapon from her hand and sheer sur-
prise w'iped the anger from her face.
She stared at him blankly for a mo-
ment, then the anger was back and she
slid from the saddle of spotted skins
and stalked up to him, reached out for
the lance.

 He grinned and drew it back.

  “Naughty, mustn’t snatch.”

ANOTHER spate of unintelligible
words came from her lips and the
anger flared in her eyes again as she
raised her hand savagely to strike him,
but he caught her arm, incidentally find-
ing it exceedingly difficult to hold her.
That slim body must have housed the
strength of a mountain lion and almost
immediately she was free, springing
into the saddle of her horse, but with
the assurance and arrogance gone now
from her face. For the first time they
saw fear in her eyes, fear and bewilder-
ment.

  A shrill cry burst from her lips.
The horse sidestepped skittishly, broke
into a gallop—then unfolded the white
streaks along its sides and left the

ground. The three Earthmen stood
and gaped.

  Floyd and Lee looked at each other
blankly and gulped and even Dirga
went green, but Gernitz was exuberant.

  “Flying horses!” he yelped, “and did
you hear what she called out—Medusa!
Pegasus, the flying horse, is in Greek
mythology as well—and Medusa was
an Amazon queen.'

  Floyd drew a deep breath. He had
got to the stage where anything was
possible. “O.K., Doc,” he said with a
helpless shrug, “I give in, they did go
to Earth—but how did they breathe
there? Up here they seem perfectly at
home in an atmosphere that’s mostly
chlorine. I never remember the legends
having them walk round in space suits.”
Not even that point stumped Gernitz.
“What about that experiment of a
couple of years ago? A rabbit breathing
normal atmosphere had been operated
on so that he lived for six weeks
breathing pure nitron. Before this
planet broke up they must have been
fairly advanced, certainly they had
space travel to reach Earth, couldn’t
they have also been advanced enough
to have operated on some of their
people to breathe oxygen?”

  Lee struggled between amusement and
incredulity, while Floyd remained
thoughtfully silent, but Dirga was more
open minded. “I think you are right,”
he announced.

  “I think we ought to have hung on
to that girl then,” Lee put in. “We
might have found out something about
this whacky system.”

  “There’s still time,” Floyd answered,
and made for the airlock of the “Star-
shell.” “I’ll take out the baby scout
and bring her back.”

  “O.K. Doc and I will go to work
on the vane while you’re gone,” Lee
agreed.

  “I shall accompany you,” Dirga an-
nounced, and Floyd grinned good-
naturedly. He liked the queer little
Venusian.

PAGE EIGHT, THRILLS INCORPORATED
THE tiny scout was launched from
the mother ship, and Floyd watch-
ed the “Starshell” fade from view, then
glanced at Dirga as he floated before
a radar screen.

  “Picked up anything yet?”

  “She is no great distance ahead of
us,” the Venusian replied.

  They had been flying for a short
while when a faint dot appeared on the
screen, grew rapidly until they could
see the horse and its beautiful rider
plainly, the great wings of the animal
beating the air strongly. As the dis-
tance lessened the girl looked round
fearfully, and it was plain from her
expression that it was an emotion she
was not used to. She had been sur-
prised when Floyd had annexed her
lance. Probably a man had never stood
up to her before.

  Suddenly the radio broke into stri-
dent life. “Trouble,” came Lee’s voice,
rather breathless. “These blondes play
rough. We’re . . .”

  Abruptly his voice broke off and
Floyd swore softly and wrenched on
the controls. The scout turned almost
in its own length and incredulous re-
lief came to the girl’s eyes as she saw
the sky monster retreating.

  He grimly strained his eyes for the
first sight of the “Starshell,” realising
they had underestimated the Amazons.
Perhaps it was some deepseated mas-
culine conceit that refused to treat them
as^serious, in spite of all the legends
there had been about them.

  When the “Starshell” appeared all
was quiet below and the other two men
still did not answer signals. He brought
the scout down by the side of the
mother ship and stepped out. Dirga
was on his shoulder, a fully charged
electron ray in his hand.

  He began to walk towards the larger
ship and suddenly a form darted down
out of the clouds. A hoof knocked
Floyd flying and Dirga changed to a
startled green and skidded through the

air. When Floyd picked himself up
flying horses were landing all around,
slim blonde figures rose in the saddle
and lances flew with unerring aim, to
bounce off the tough plastic of his
sj^ce suit.

  He grinned. There did not seem to
be much damage they could do. But
he was wrong. Those blonde bomb-
shells were reaching now for little
mauve spheres that hung from the gold
cords of their drapes. They too were
tossed through the air—with more dire
results. As the mauve shells burst a
thick, sticky liquid oozed out on to his
space suit and tiny bubbles immediately
began to blister the surface.

  Dirga turned a peculiar shade of in-
tense red that Floyd did not remember
ever having seen before and darted
around knocking the little mauve gren-
ades of corrosive acid from the Ama-
zons’ hands, loosing a sharp electric
charge as he did so. a fact attested to
by sharp cries of pain.

  Floyd took stock of his suit. The
acid had not worked through yet. but
there was no telling how long the plas-
tic would hold out. He raised his gun
at last, overcoming his reluctance to fire
on women, and one of the Amazons
cried out sharply as the blistering ray
touched her arm and angry red weals
appeared on the golden skin.

  He threw a quick look over at Dirga.
He was still darting about, but Floyd
knew that those electric charges were
somehow tied up with his ultra-violet
ray metabolism and loss of them would
weaken him.

  In earnest now he fought his way to
the ship, his scruples giving way be-
fore the desire for life, but his eyes
were stinging and watering and he
coughed, gasping for breath. It did not
seem to be oxygen he was breathing,
and he knew the suit must be pierced.

  Gun in hand, with the other he reach-
ed for the repair solution in his poc-

TH RILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE NINE
ket and daubed it on the spot where
one of the mauve acid balls had struck.
Luckily the corrosive agent evaporated
quickly and he breathed a sigh of relief
when he saw the repair solution rapidly
drying. Still, there must be plenty opt
chlorine in the suit. It would take the
filters some time to clear it.

  From behind, a white horse darted
down, a gorgeously proportioned blonde
on its back, but the expression of her
green eyes certainly was not dreamlike,
and her horse’s hoof kicked Floyd sav-
agely to the ground, where he lay un-
moving.

  There was a cry from the other
women as her horse touched ground,
and, although almost unconscious, he
managed to work up slight interest at
the sound of the name they called—
Medusa—and he saw she held in one
hand some grisly kind of a sceptre, a
silver wand from which three silver
skulls dangled.

  The white horse reared, neighing
fiendishly, but she sat the gorgeously
caparisoned saddle of spotted skins con-
fidently and, leaning over the side,
scooped him up with her free arm, the
whole action performed with an ease
and strength that was not good for his
masculine ego. In fact, so bad was it,
helped by the chlorine fumes, that he
passed out altogether.

  Medusa raised the sceptre with a
shrill cry, echoed by the other women,
and the horses thundered across the
ground. Great wings unfolded and beat
the air. Medusa and her warrior women
were departing, but they were not alone.
Behind, never losing sight of them,
drifted a little Venusian sphere.

T^LOYD slowly recovered conscious-
A ness and looked round. Bending
over him were Gernitz and Lee. both
of them looking extremely anxious.

  “Whew, you had us worried,” Lee
said relievedly. “You must have got an
awful heavy dose of chlorine.”

PAGE TEN, THRILLS INCORPORATED

  Floyd grinned ruefully, wishing he
could remove the helmet to rub his
smarting eyes. “What happened to
you?” he asked.

  “They descended on us in force while
we were outside looking at the vane,”
Lee replied. “Before we knew what
had happened we were neatly trussed
up. How did they get you?” he added.

  Floyd told him and looked round the
room they were in. It was high and
vaulted and all around were groups of
puny men.

  “I take it we have been thrown in
with the weaker sex,” he commented
grimly. “What a lot of boobs they
look.”

  Gernitz shook his head sadly. “They
are absolutely riddled with supersti-
tion and apparently regard the Amazons
as almost superhuman.”

  “Found out anything about where we
are?” Floyd asked curiously.

  “Not much, although we managed
to converse a bit by sigh language. This
is evidently part of an incredibly old
city. The whole race has obviously
degenerated terribly from the original
one. There are buildings here filled
with giant machines, but the people
have forgotten what they were used for
and regard them as taboo. The whole
city is enclosed in a bubble of some
shockproof material. They speak of it
existing before the planet broke up.”

  “But that must be close on a million
years ago, probably more,” Floyd put
in incredulously.

  “I know. I have been examining the
walls. They are neither metal nor
stone, but some, totally unknown com-
position. From what I can gather, the
ancients, the dominant sex being the
women even then, built three bubble
cities as refuges when they knew the
planet was going off its rocker, but the
shock of the explosion must have caus-
ed some sort of amnesia in the mind
of the people. I should say some of
those old machines hold the three
planetoids with the bubble cities to-
gether and even retain the atmosphere
by some magnetic attraction. There
are rumours, too, of operations per-
formed on some of the people so that
they might go to live in a place they
called Avrantis.”

  “Avrantis!” Floyd said sharply, and
Gernitz nodded.

  “Yes, I had also noticed the similar-
ity to the lost continent of Atlantis.
There may be some connection. It would
account for no traces of a civilisation
that far advanced being discovered on
Earth. We could not find it if the con-
tinent had sunk to the bottom of the
Atlantic Ocean. If we could study the
old records here we would doubtless find
an answer.”

  “We’re not in a position to study
anything cooped up here with not a gun
between us.” Floyd said grimly.

  “What happened to Dirga?” Lee put
in, suddenly recalling that the little
rainbow-hued Venusian was not with
them.

  “I don’t know,” Floyd replied wor-
riedly. “The last I saw of him he was
still flying around, but 1 wish he would
not use those electrical charges of his
for fighting. Nobody’s ever found out
how the Venusian's metabolism works,
but you know losing those charges
weakens him.”

AT that moment a stir ran through
the other men in the room and,
looking around, the Earthmen saw two
Amazon guards had come in and were
making for them. Ungently their arms
were grasped and they were led out,
through passages whose ceilings and
walls were all made of that unknown
time-resisting material, stopping at last
before great bronze-like doors where
two other women stood guard.

  There was a short interchange of
words and then the doors were thrown
open and they walked between their
captors iato a great hall lined with

white-clad Amazons. At the far end a
kind of raised dais was occupied solely
by a straightbacked chair hung with
the familiar spotted skins. In the chair,
clad now in a glittering gold robe, and
holding her grisly sceptre of office was
Medusa.

  “That’s evidently Medusa.” Gernitz
whispered. “The men described her
sceptre. Evidently it was a custom to
call their queens Medusa, and the name
cropped up on Earth also.”

  “You’re telling me she!s Medusa,”
Floyd muttered. “That’s the battle-
happy beauty who draped me over her
arm like a featherweight.”

  Medusa at this moment decided they
had advanced far enough and held up
her hand arrogantly. Immediately the
two Amazon guards brought them to
a stop and stood on either side, lances
crossed in front of the men.

  With the radios of their helmet on
they could hear her speaking to them,
but without Dirga's telepathy were un-
able to understand. Next she tried by
sign language to question them, but that
again was no use and. taking it as a
sign of stubbornness and opposition to
her will, she rose to her feet, her green
eyes flashing with anger.

  A short whip lay nearby and she
picked it up, lashing out at Floyd
viciously. Immediately Lee leapt for-
ward and wrenched it from her and
murder flared in her eyes.

  Striking him away from her sharply,
she bit out a few words and half a
dozen Amazons stepped forward, bows
and arrows in their hands. On the
end of those arrows was no sharp barb
—but a little mauve globe.

THE.distant sun glistened on the blue
exterior material of the bubble city
and by a gaping doorway that might
once in the past have possessed insula-
ted doors, hovered a little sphere.

  In the opening stood an Amazon,
her back to him, and he darted down

THRILLS INCORPORATED, PA&E ELEVEN
quickly to touch the back of her neck.
She dropped without a sound, but a
queer grey tinge faintly entered the
normal creamy-white of the Venusian.

  Dirga floated across the Amazon city
unmolested. If anyone saw him they
were not sufficiently interested or un-
easy to wonder what the strange object
was, but he was interested in them and
telepathically picked their minds as he
passed over. Very soon he knew where
the Earthmen were confined and the
location of a certain other building.

  It was the latter to which he went
first, a building in the same broken,
ancient state as the rest, and floated
in through the window. The dust of
ages lay over the machines and wea-
pons there, but at last he found what
he wanted—a weapon that the ancients
had operated by mental control.

   It was a squat, ugly little thing and,
with the queer extrasensory perceptions
of his race, his mind reached inside
the weapon to discover its use.

  He hovered over it and gradually
it began to move, broke from the clips
that had held it for untold ages and,
as he moved slowly away, it moved
with him. Now the grey tinge had in-
creased, grown slightly darker.

  Out of the building he went, still
moving infinitely slow, as if it drained
his very life source, the weapon follow-
ing him, until he reached at last the
great central building, not so dilapida-
ted as the rest, where Medusa held
court.

  Reaching out telepathically, he found
the minds of the Earthmen and saw
through their eyes the arrows with the
deadly acid directed at them. He mov-
ed a little quicker then, but the- grey
tinge was darkening even more.

  The spurt he had put on momentar-
ily seemed to have weakened him and
now he went more slowly than ever,
but at last the doorway was in sight
and he could see the forms of the Earth-

men facing the deadly arrows, resigned
but unafraid.

  He turned and the weapon turned
with him, until it was pointed at the
row of archers. Nothing touched it,
but the firing button gradually pressed
down and the grey of the Venusian
sphere deepened almost to black.

  For a few brief seconds a stabbing
ray of blue leaped out and enveloped
the archers, then both the gun and the
little sphere fell to the ground, but it
was time enough for the Earthmen.
As the archers froze to immobility, they
leaped for the doorway and Floyd
snatched up the weapon, sweeping it
round the room.

  They were about to run down the
corridor when he realised that the Venu-
sian had not risen from the floor and
turned in quick apprehension.

  “Dirga!”

  “Leave me,” came the weak thought
wave, but grimly he bent and scooped
up the little sphere.

OUT in the streets Amazons sought
to stop them, but the paralyzing
ray froze them before they could get
near enough to use the deadly acid
shells and, seeing a group of flying
horses standing idly in an open place,
they confiscated them.

  The half wild animals bucked, but
soon found that men could control them
as well as Amazons and took to the
air quite placidly outside the city. There
Lee and Gernitz, who had both been
conscious when brought to the city,
looked round to get their bearings and
kicked their heels into the horses’ sides
in the time honoured Earth way. It
did the trick all right, and, with amaz-
ing quickness, their relieved eyes picked
out the ship below.

  The moment they landed Floyd issued
orders. “Lee, get on with the repair
immediately, and Doc stand by with the
gun. If anyone shows up use it. If
need be use the electron rays on full

PAGE TWELVE, THRILLS INCORPORATED
strength also. I’m going to put Dirga
under the ultra-violet beams immediate-
ly. It might save him.”

  The other two nodded and Lee pick-
ed up the deserted tool kit he had drop-
ped when the Amazons first attacked.
Gernitz standing grimly alert with the
gun, but evidently the Amazons had had
enough and. as Lee laboured to get the
jammed vane working uninterrupted,
Floyd placed the Venusian, now jet
black, under brilliant ultra-violet light.

  It was a couple of hours later that
Lee and Gernitz returned, the former
weary but triumphant, and he found
Floyd sitting with his head bent in his
hands before a little black globe that
lay ur»moving beneath powerful ultra-
violet beams.

  “Dirga?” he questioned anxiously.
Floyd lifted a haggard face. “Gone,”
he said expressionlessly. “He used up
his life force in mental levitation.” He
rose abruptly to his feet and snapped
off the rays. “What about the vane?”
“It’s working,” Lee replied and his
voice was husky.

  “Well, I guess your theory was O.K.
on those Amazons, Gernitz. You’ll have
quite a story to tell them back at the
Planetarium Congress . . .”

  “I don’t think I’ll be telling much,”
sighed Gernitz. “All that decadence—
what good would it do? Let’s get off
this damn planet. I hope I never see
it again in my life,” he burst out as
violently as only a man whose dreams
had turned to ashes could.

  Liquid oxygen and alcohol fell down
vast pipelines into the atomic furnace,
wave upon wave of sound piled up in
the familiar torturing roar of rockets,
until the very ground trembled and vib-
rated. then the “Starshell” was gone,
rising from the hazy blue atmosphere
into the cold darkness of space, a dark-
ness as cold and black as a little Venu-
sian sphere . . .

THE END

TOMORROW

SOMETIMES
COMES

by

F. G. Rayer

This exciting and highly
original science-fiction novel
of a world two centuries hence
is now a
definite MUST
for all science-fiction readers.

12/-

Immediate post-free
delivery
Orders to

ROGER N. DARD
232 James Street,
PERTH,
WESTERN AUSTRALIA

THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE THIRTEEN
INSECTANT INVASION

  A science fantasy by G. C. BLEECK

They rained from the sky—
harmless at first, hut each
a minature voracious death
in the making ,, •

“\/OU anticipated me by one day,
I Inspector.” Professor Decker
smilingly welcomed the young man.
“My intention was to present the Cen-
tral Science Council with a paper to-
morrow, giving details of the work I
am engaged upon, and the results of
my recent experiments.”

  “Orders are orders, Professor,” said
Greg Harmon, of the Scientific Inspec-
tion Corps. “I’ll have to inspect right
now. That’s the policy of Central
Science you know—inspection without
warning. You are quite above sus-
picion, of course. No question of your

PAGE FOURTEEN, THRILLS INCORPORATED
-

using the funds and resources supplied
by Central Science for your own pro-
fit, or in any way to the detriment of
the community, but individuals don’t
mean a thing to Central Science. We’re
a cold-blooded, impersonal crowd.” He
added, by way of further explanation,
“Central Science is still jittery after
that Gamma Centauri affair.”

  "An affair that cost thousands of
lives. Earthmen’s lives as well as the
Centaurians’, all in a few days of swift
warfare!”

  The Professor sighed as he led the
way into the huge domed laboratory,

illuminated brightiy by its tiny artificial
sun set in the topmost point of the
dome. ,

  “Centauri’s third planet won't start
another interplanetary war,” said Greg
confidently, following the Professor in-
side. “Their spaceships can’t get to
Earth through our ray-barrier, thanks
to Central Science. The worst the Cen-
taurians could do would be to perform
isolated acts of piracy on our own
spaceships—until we send out a puni-
tive expedition and give them another
lesson. Still, Central Science takes no
risks, and the Council is at present

THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE FIFTEEN
obsessed with the idea that the Gamma
crowd may have corrupted one of you
savants, with the object of finding some
method of combating the ray-barrier.
Hence the sudden intensification of our
routine inspections, Professor.”

  “Most unflattering to us as a body,”
murmured Professor Decker. They
moved down the huge room to one of
the innumerable automatic sliding
doors, which opened as they approach-
ed, and through which emerged a tall
heavily-built man, bald and pale of
face, and wearing the white uniform
of a Scientist. ‘'You have not met my
Assistant,” said the Professor. “Dr.
Marrark—Inspector Harmon, of Cen-
tral Science.”

  “How do you do. Inspector. No,
this is our first meeting.” .

  “You were in another District,” said
Greg.

  Now, your own work over the past
month, Professor?”

  “In here—and it is the culmination
of many months of study and experi-
ment, Inspector.” The Professor led
the way into the room from which Dr.
Marrark had just emerged, followed by
the young Inspector. The latter stop-
ped abruptly on the threshold, a little
gasp of shocked astonishment issuing
from his lips. He stared at the crea-
ture in the fine-meshed cage standing
on a table.

  “Great heavens! What—what is it?

It looks like-But it can’t be!”

  “Nevertheless it is,” said Professor
Decker, “an insect. Or, as I have re-
named it, an insectant. Actually, it is
merely a black ant.”

  “An ant!” breathed Greg. The thing
was fully two feet long and almost a
foot high. Its colossal mandibles look-
ed like small scytne blades. Its enor-
mous multiple-faceted eyes, fixed on the
men, sent a shudder of horror through
the young Inspector. Along its blue-
black length the shell-like skin glinted
like armour.

AS the watchers eyed the thing in
silence it turned its head on its
comparatively tiny neck and clicked its
mandibles sharply, furiously, all move-
ments lightning swift in spite of its un-
natural bulk.

  “What a horror!” exclaimed Greg.
“Nothing in Nature is, properly con-
sidered, horrible, Inspector,” corrected
Professor Decker.

  “So this is the work you have been
engaged upon, Professor; a growth sti-
mulating agent?”

  “Exactly. And as you see, most
successful work.”

  “It’s certainly interesting from an
academic viewpoint, but what practi-
cal benefits have you in mind?”

  “The enormous strength of an insect
has always intrigued me, as a biologist,”
said the Professor. “The tiny ant can
travel at speeds which would be unbe-
lievable in any of the larger creatures,
and carrying as much as twenty times
its own weight without apparent effort;
and it can drag an infinitely greater
weight than that. Consider the capa-
city of any of the insects, the speed
and strength of a spider; the fearsome
weapon with which the mosquito stabs
its victim; the jumping powers of a
grasshopper. Imagine yourself being
reduced to the size of an ant and con-
sider your utter helplessness when con-
fronted by these insects!”

  An involuntary shudder passed
through Greg at this glimpse into a
tiny but horrifying world. The Pro-
fessor went on, “The insect world out-
numbers the animal world by approxi-
mately four to one. They have been
the most successful of Nature’s crea-
tions in the struggle for existence. They
have more than held their own in the
thickest of the fight, and they have
steadily advanced in numbers through
the ages. Obviously they have an in-
nate adaptability, and, in spite of their
indifference to individual destruction,
strong individual resourcefulness. In

PAGE SIXTEEN, THRILLS INCORPORATED
short, Inspector, they are creatures that
could well be studied, with a view to
finding out their biological secrets, just
as we have probed into the inner mat-
ter of the atom. We may be able to
improve the general physical strength
and metabolism of Mankind by a study
of these creatures, now that I have
the means of bringing them up to a
size approximating to our own.”

  “I see. Man’s physical resources may
be artificially improved?” Greg looked
at Dr. Marrark, who in turn was eye-
ing the monstrous insectant with a
peculiar intensity. “But if ever such
horrors got loose, got out of hand . . .”
“That is scarcely likely, Inspector.”
Dr. Marrark filled the silence with his
soft, almost inaudible voice. “The pro-
cess is a secret one, and it will short-
ly become the property of Central
Science, who will guard it zealously.”
“You know the complete process,
Doctor?” Greg tried to conceal his dis-
appointment when the Doctor replied,
“Naturally.”

BY way of reply the Professor
motioned to Dr. Marrark, and the
latter moved to the long white bench
on one side of the room, and stood be-
fore a tiny jet which projected from a
cylinder. He turned a switch, and
from the jet there issued a bubble
which increased in size and finally broke
away from the jet when it had reached
a diameter of two inches. The
bubble dropped lightly, bounched on
the bench, and another bubble appear-
ed at the nozzle of the jet.

  “That,” explained the Professor,
picking up the first bubble and handing
it to the Inspector, “is the container
for the tiny ant. The bubble is filled
with the drug, which is a colourless
gas. Dr. Marrark will demonstrate the
whole process.”

  The Doctor opened a small drawer,
and Greg saw that it was a mass of
tiny black ants, busily feeding on a
syrupy substance. He watched while

Dr. Marrark inserted a small suction
syringe, drew a single Irt into its trans-
parent stem, inserted the tip of the
syringe into the bubble and expelled the
ant into the bubble's interior. He with-
drew the syringe and the minute hole
in the bubble immediately closed and
sealed.

  “The ant,” said Professor Decker,
“will absorb :il?, gas within two hours,
by which time it will have reached the
maximum size possible whilst it is con-
fined in the bubble; roughly a length of
two inches. As long as it remains in-
side the bubble it will remain at that
size. But immediately the bubble is
dissolved the freed ant will grow, with-
in four hours, to the size of that fel-
low in the cage.”

  “And how is the bubble dissolved?”
“Infra-red rays will dissolve it in-
doors; but ordinary daylight will dis-
solve it.”

 “So if I were to toss this
little bubble outside,” said Greg within
say four:—or rather—six hours—it
would produce one of those monsters
in the cage there?”

  “Exactly,” assented Professor Decker.
He moved over to a door which he
unlocked, opened it, and revealed
shelves, hollowed out to form recep-
tacles for the plastic bubbles. There
were several hundreds of the bubbles,
each one containing an ant two inches
in length, some black, some red.

GREG looked along the rows of
shelves. If, by some oversight those
things burst through their bubbles and
got free, and developed liked the mon-
ster in the cage, they would cause in-
calculable damage. They could scarce-
ly escape from the metal structure of
the laboratories, but they would cer-.
tainly wreck this portion of the place
and ruin costly and rare equipment and
material.

  He closed the door, and snapped
open his official wallet strapped to his
belt.

THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE SEVENTEEN
 “You’re not going to-” began

Professor Decker, as Greg drew out a
metal sealing devjce.

  “i'm sorry, Professor,” said the In-
spector. “but I am afraid 1 shall have
to seal not only that cupboard, but this
room as well. I shall report to Central
Science at once, and you will be asked
to attend the Council first thing to-
morrow. The seal will be removed,
and you will be permitted to carry on
with your work if, and when, the Coun-
cil is assured that all possible precau-
tions have been taken. You know the
formalities . . .”

  “Very well, Inspector,” sighed Pro-
fessor Decker. “I suppose you have no
other course.”

  Greg made no reply. He affixed the
heavy seal to the door of the cupboard
containing the insectants, then sealed
the laboratory door. He issued the
usual routine warning. “In the event
of the seal being tampered with or
broken, the Scientists of the laboratory
concerned shall be deemed to be res-
ponsible, and under Section lb shall be
liable to expulsion for life from all
Research, and in addition such penal-
ties as the Security Committee may de-
termine, after hearing the defence of
the said Scientists.” As he intoned the
warning in a level emotionless official

tone, he looked fixedly at Dr. Mar-
rark. The Doctor nodded slowly, but
made no comment.

THE laboratory was still, quiet, dar-
kened. Above, where the sleep-
ing quarters were situated, there was
light. A thin vertical strip of light as
a door opened a fraction. The strip
became a rectangle as the door was
slid fully open. A dark-gowned figure
moved silently from the room and paus-
ed at another door, slid it open and,
still moving like a shadow, entered the
bedroom. It emerged again and pass-
ed down the wide staircase into the
outer laboratory. That, too, was in
darkness, but the man moved unerring-
ly around the tables and equipment un-
til he reached the door that had been
sealed. He ran his hand along the
snugly fitting door, until his fingers en-
countered the seal—and it was broken!

  Very cautiously the man’s fingers
closed over the handle and, with infi-
nite care, he slid the door open, slowly
and silently. Bright light filled his
eyes; and he found himself staring into
a face, which suddenly became distort-
ed with fury. The furious face was the
last thing he ever saw. Something
crashed on to his skull. He dropped,
a limp heap on the white floor . . .

CHAPTER TWO
Broken Seal

INSPECTOR GREG HARMON ar-
rived early at Professor Decker’s
laboratory on the following morning, in
accordance with regulations, to inspect
the seal. Later, when the Council had
studied his report, there would be a
further official visit to the laboratory.
A white-uniformed elderly servant
opened the door and admitted him,
and the vague uneasiness that had

troubled the young Inspector overnight
flared up at the worried expression in
the servant’s eyes. “Anything wrong?”
he asked sharply.

  Greg brushed past the man and en-
tered the main laboratory. He went
to the door at the far end, drew a
quick breath when he saw the ragged
ends of the broken seal. He was
about to open door when he recalled

PAGE EIGHTEEN, THRILLS INCORPORATED
the thing that was inside. He took
out his miniature atoflame pistol, and
holding it in his right hand, slowly
opened the door with his left. He
stood, transfixed, at the sight that met
his gaze. The small laboratory was a
scene of utter disorder, benches were
overturned, bottles and jars cluttered
the floor, their contents a mixed muddy
pool against the white floor covering
—and in the centre of the floor lay a
heap of bones.

  The great blue-black creature’s mul-
tiple expressionless eyes were fixed upon
him. He raised the atoflame gun, and
the giant ant, instinctively, it seemed,
sensing danger, moved towards him,
its six legs carrying the gross body
forward with incredible speed. Greg
closed the switch of the atoflame, and
a thin spear of light sped from the
weapon to burst in a searing flame on
the great black head, vaporising it. It
should have been the end of the mon-
ster, and Greg lowered the gun as the
vapour cleared.

THE power in those long black legs
was incredible as they enwrapped
him like steel cables. A biting acid
which the thing exuded filled his eyes,
causing tears to start and roll down
his cheeks. Through a blur he saw
the horrible shining body pressing on
to his own. He raised the gun. The
range was so close that an atoburn to
his own body was inevitable if he used
the gun, but the alternative, a twisted
crushing death under the madly-claw-
ing legs and the drenching discharge of
formic acid was even more terrible. He
shouted wildly to the old servant whom
he had left outside. He heard footsteps
hurrying towards him, and then sud-
denly, with a convulsive writhing,
the great cable-like legs stretch-
ed out to their full incredible
length and the headless insect-
ant lay still, sprawled on top of him
twitching futilely in death.

    “An alkali!” he gasped as the old
servant appeared and stood, horrof
stricken in the doorway. “Quick! My
eyes. Look along the shelves. This
stuff’s grouped—an alkali.” He rose
and groped to the shelves, thankful for
the standardised layout of the Science
Council’s laboratories; and with the
assistance of the servant he found a
mild antidote and bathed the reeking
burning acid from his face and hands.
He ran to the visiphone and put a call
through to Central Science on the
secret wavelength.

  Thurston, one of the Security Inspec-
tors, was known slightly to Greg. He
rapped out questions, storing the other’s
answers in his mind, and issued com-
mands to the junior officer that accom-
panied him. Thurston, big and florid,
with years of experience and many
notable triumphs behind him, ranked
high in the Security Committee; but as
Greg listened to him talking to the Cen-
tral Office of Security Committee over
the visiphone he shook his head vigor-
ously at what he imagined the mistake
the Security Inspector was making.

 “Hold on, Thurston,” he said
urgently. ‘That’s not the correct descrip-
tion of Dr. Marrark. You’re—”

WHEN he closed down on the visi-
phone, Thurston turned to him.
“Now, what is it, Greg?”

  “You’ve given an entirely wrong des-
cription, Thurston.”

  “The man we are after,’ said Thurs-
ton, with a grim smile, “is Professor
Decker!”

  “That,” said Thurston, pointing to the
smaller room, “is Marrark—or what is
left of him. Now that he is gone you
are permitted to know that he is one of
us. One of our most trusted secret
agents. A scientist in his own right,
but actually a brilliant spy as well. His
job was to pose as a frustrated man, an
assistant who is dogged by bad luck; a
dissatisfied man who is always seeking
a change of masters.

THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE NINETEEN
  "Dr. Marrark had already reported
to you then?”

  “To Central Science,” corrected
Thurston. "But we were not alarmed.
Decker gave out to Marrark that he
would report as soon as he had pre-
pared a paper. Actually, it seems that
he was hanging on in order to manu-
facture a large number of the insectant
bubbles, for some purpose of his own.
That is what I am assuming now.
Greg.”

  "You had suspicions of Decker
before this?”

  “Nothing definite—just a few vague
inconsistencies. We sent Marrark here
as his assistant merely as a routine pre-
caution.” Thurston frowned in silence
fGr some minutes.

  Thurston’s jaw tightened. The
devastation they would cause wherever
they were set free would result in
chaos in that area. Out of chaos
comes opportunity to attack.”

 “You mean, the Gamma Cen-
taurians?”

  “Who else? Security is already
warning every Ray-barrier Tower to be
alert for any emergency. I am assum-
ing that Decker, if indeed he is in
league with Gamma Centauri, would
concentrate his monsters in the vicinity
of one of the towers with the object of
putting the tower staff out of action,
and thus leave a gap in the ray barrier
for the Gamma spacecraft to pour
through.

 Another interplanetary war!”
breathed Greg Harmon.

CHAPTER THREE
“Bubbles”

CRAIGEND Ray Tower differed in
no way from the thousands of
dull metallic towers that were spread
over the whole of the Earth's surface,
except in its comparative remoteness.
The town of Craigend. with the advent
of the army of technicians and scient-
ists and general workers to build the
Tower and the independent atomic
powerhouse, and, later, to maintain the
work, had grown to the proportions
of a city in a few months. New build-
ings to house the technical staff and
the administration sprung up almost
overnight—plastic buildings moulded
on the spot and ready for occupation
within three days of commencement.

  From the tower itself there jutted at
regular intervals small lethal-looking
muzzles, the atocannon which would
automatically discharge their deadly
missiles at any aircraft which came
within ten miles of the town; for the
Ray-tower towns were prohibited areas

in which all forms of aircraft, even the
tiny aircars, were taboo. Outside the
ten-mile limit were the aircar parking
areas and the hangars for the intercity
transport craft; within this ten-mile
limit terracars were the only means of
transport.

  Outside the ten-mile zone, however,
the air was busy with craft of all kinds,
from the huge tourist characraft to the
zipping little solo aircars. all rushing
through the air in apparent aimlessness,
but all intent on their respective desti-
nations. Particularly aimless would
have seemed to a close observer the
movements of two superspeed sports
craft, long ultra-streamlined costly
machines, which circled the ten-mile
limit several limes, before flying off
across the wide Craigend Bay. late one
afternoon two weeks after the killing
of Dr. Marrark, and the subsequent
alerting of the Ray-towers.

  The two craft came in from the sea

PAGE TWENTY. THRILLS INCORPORATED
several hours later when the moonless
night had closed over Craigend, leav-
ing the city proper a glowing cluster in
the velvet blackness of the surrounding
countryside. The craft flew around the
ten-mile limit once more, dropping
lower and lower, their engines cut back
to an almost inaudible throb. Other
craft passed and re-passed the sports
craft, but there was nothing about the
low-flying machines to excite the atten-
tion or interest of other air passengers.
But when the sports craft were almost
skimming the dark ground of the park-
lands surrounding the city, a sudden
rain of tiny bubbles issued from each
craft. The bubbles floated gently to
the ground, wafted hither and thither
by the faint night breeze, but in the
darkness they remained invisible from
.craft flying over the area.

  More and more of the tiny bubbles
issued from the speeding low-flying
craft until countless thousands of the
things were drifting to the ground,
where they fell among the grass and
trees and shrubs. The two craft rose
higher in the air and shot off across the
Bay, to return again and spawn yet
another vast mass of bubbles . . .
Craigend City went about its night plea-
sures. The teletheatres disgorged their
crowds, who went on to the all-night
clubs and cabarets; others slept sound-
ly in their beds; all were unaware of
the terrible black army that was being
hatched in millions around their young
city, an army more fierce, more dan-
gerous, than any of Mankind’s most de-
vastating weapons. An army whose in-
dividuals could feel no pain, and who
acted as one great intelligent unit in
its fierce desire for food, and its war-
like passion to subdue and tear to
shreds any opposition to its primitive
needs . . .

IN the great Ray-tower itself the night
shift technicians went over the huge
ray-generating equipment, checking the
dials, cutting in the auxiliary plant and

observing its perfect takeover from
the normal plant.

  “All in order,” reported the two
Technicians to the Ray-tower Comman-
der. “By the way, Chief, have you
heard of any further developments fol-
lowing that scare-warning of two
weeks ago?”

  “Not a thing! Died a natural death.
I’m not surprised either. You know
what a crowd of scaremongers Central
Science are.” The Chief grunted. He
rose and went to his office above, mut-
tering about the jittery crowd in Cen-
tral Science and the additional work
involved in the special reports he had
to send in since the emergency warn-
ings. The two Technicians remained
below, working on the maintenance of
the equipment through the night. When
they next saw their Chief, shortly after
sunrise, they were shocked by his de-
meanour. The older man’s face was
deathly white. He could scarcely talk
under the stress of his emotions.

  “What on earth has happened,
Chief?”

  “A—a call on the visiphone from the
town,” gasped the man. “The town is
overrun with-—with ants!”

  “Ants. Why, that’s utterly-”

  “Ants like dogs,” blurted out the
Chief. “The viewers—switch them
on!”

  With the viewing screens on the
Chief focussed the range with hands
that trembled. The probing beam
from the viewers was focussed on the
land outside the ten-mile security limit
—land that only the day before had
been covered with rolling stretches of
green grass, clumps of ornamental
scrub, and avenues of trees. Now it
was devastated land! Everything had
been torn down as by a mammoth all-
embracing sickle. And over the area
was a huge moving black carpet, glint-
ing blue-black in the slanting rays of
the early morning sunshine.

THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE TWENTY-ONE
CHAPTER FOUR

The Professor Returns

GREG HARMON, warned over the
visiphone, was in front of the
mammoth block of flats in which he
lived at Metropolitan City, waiting im-
patiently for the arrival of Thurston.
The official aircar swept down at last,
and Greg hurried across to the runway
section of the wide street and took his
seat beside Thurston. The Security In-
spector snapped in the controls and the
aircar lifted and soared into the air,
and it was speeding at maximum velo-
city before he spoke.

  “We’re taking a two-thousand-mile
run, Greg,” he said. “To Craigend.”
“Professor Decker! You’ve located
him?”

  “I haven’t snapped Thurston. In the
meantime we’ve got to save the Craig-
end Tower and if possible get on to
Decker and his men.”

  “Save Craigend Tower!”

  “Craigend is overrun with those giant
ants,” said Thurston savagely. “It hap-
pened during the night. The staff of
the Ray-tower are virtually beseiged.
Craigend is marooned in a vast sea of
ants. Residents are holding out in
buildings, using atoflame guns on the
invading insectants, but the creatures
are burrowing under buildings. There
are millions of the things. Decker and
whoever are working with him must
have been working around the clock
over the past two weeks turning out
those bubbles. Thav were dropped all
around the city and after the hatched
ants had gobbled up everything in sight
they advanced on the city itself, in
search of real meat! Heaven alone
knows what the casualties are, but if
the things get into the Tower, or un-
dermine it and cause a collapse of the
machinery, the death roll over the
whole planet will be colossal once the

Gamma raiders get through. And you
can be sure that that is just what they
are waiting for-—a break in the ray-
barrier!”

  As they drew near the besieged city,
streaking through the skies, Thurston
cut in the viziphone on the secret wave-
length. calling the Ray-tower. There
was no response. Again and again he
gave the signal, but the screen remain-
ed blank.

  On the screen was mirrored the
sweating distorted face of the Ray-
tower Chief. “They’ve reached the
lower,” gasped the Chief. “They’re
all around us, burrowing. We’re using
atoflame guns through the windows,
but we can't hold out much longer.
They’re running up the sides of the
tower. One got in and young Clarton,
the lunior Technician, is dead. Head
almost severed by the beast’s mand-
ibles!”

  The face disappeared, returned a few
moments later. “The atocannon and
rangefinders are now dead,” announced
the Chief. The man’s head turned
sharply, and Greg uttered a shout of
warning through the viziphone as a
huge black head appeared behind the
Chief. An enormous clawing foreleg
struck out at the man’s face, and across
the viziphone the two breathless wat-
chers heard the furious clicking of the
insectant’s mandibles.

  The beleaguered city was far below
them now. and Thurston allowed the
craft to circle lower and lower. Greg
watched the city through the floorport.
At first the frenzied movement in the
wide streets and squares made no pat-
tern, but presently the horrible details
came into sharp relief. The huge ants
were rushing with incredible speed in
and out of buildings; an army of Se-
curity Troops, using atoflame guns

PAGE TWENTY-TWO, THRILLS INCORPORATED
were pouring a white-hot fire into the

creatures, but the Troops were hamper-
ed by running panic-stricken civilians.
Greg saw a man fall, and his body was
immediately clothed with the shiny
black creatures, their bodies forming a
solid heaving mass over the doomed
victim, and within minutes the white
bones became intermittently visible un-
der the ravenous insectants, and then
the creatures scurried away in search
of fresh victims, leaving the clean-pick-
bones glinting palely in the sunshine.

THE streets were in a state of incre-
dible confusion, men and women,
their clothes ripped and torn, mingled
with the swiftly moving insectants in
a crazy swaying throng. A building
suddenly collapsed, burying beneath its
ruins scores of the Troops and civili-
ans, while the insectants scurried from
its torn foundations.

  “Poor devils!” muttered Thurston,
eyeing the aimlessly-rushing men and
women. “Blind as bats, most of them.
Blinded with formic acid, and so mad-
dened with pain and fear they’re noth-
ing but raving lunatics!”

  Greg, remembering his own agony
and temporary blindness, shuddered as
he watched the shocking scene below
from the circling aircar. “That inhu-
man monster, Decker, has something
to answer for, if he’s ever caught, Thur-
ston.”

  “He will be, my lad,” snapped the
older man. ‘The whole undertaking
is suicide for its perpetrators unless the
Gamma raiders get through and take
complete control.” As though in an-
swer to his prediction the screen in
the craft emitted a signal. The call
was from another Security Officer in
an official aircar.

  “Inspector Thurston,” said the image
of the officer. “The investigating craft
have located a supersports craft on
Cragrock Island, two hundred miles to
sea. Officers landed in the cove and
were immediately attacked by men with

atoflame guns. Two of the attackers

are Gamma Centaurians. What are
your instructions?”

  “Withdraw the Officers and despatch
an atomraider plane to blast Cragrock
Island to dust!” snapped Thurston. He
turned to Greg as he cut off the switch.
“That's their nest, no doubt about it—-
with Gamma Centaurians among them.
Decker probably used the supersports
craft to drop the insectants bubbles.
Well that’s the end of their nest, and
of Decker. And the Tower seems safe,
so far. Apparently the Chief Tech-
nician was able to dispose of that in-
sectant that got in. Anyway the
windows are closed, and the Ray Staff
have realised the futility of attempting
to take shots at these monsters. Unless
the brutes tear up the cables from the
powerhouse the Ray will hold out for
a long time yet. If only we could
concentrate those ants somewhere and
—Got it!” shouted Thurston suddenly.
He switched on the viziscreen, but
before his call was answered Greg, who
had been closely watching the horrible
scene below the circling aircar, gripped
his arm.

  “Look—that man, Thurston!” The
young man pointed through the floor-
port at a man, his face goggled and
masked, striding fearlessly through the
scurrying insectants. He carried an
atoflame gun in one hand, and in the
other a compact gleaming cylinder
which emitted a faint wispy jet. The
ants, after waving their antennae, moved
away from the man, and kept a res-
pectable distance from him as he strode
towards the tower.

  “That—that’s Decker!” exclaimed
Greg. “It’s his build. And he’s got
a control to protect himself. He must
have prepared it with this in view. He’s
—yes!” Decker had reached the Tower,
and already his atoflame gun was blast-
ing at the door, sending little rivulets
of molten metal trickling to the
ground. “See!” cried Greg. “That
was his idea from the start; to turn this

THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE TWENTY-THREE
city into a shambles, and then walk in
in the confusion and put the Ray Tower
out of action. Either that or allow
the great ants to pour in and gorge
themselves on the men inside. Quick,
Thurston! Drop down. We’ll have
to stop him!”

n^HURSTON, with a muttered ex-
1 clamation brought the craft to
ground level. Greg, taking up his ato-
flame gun slid open the window. The
range was more thao a hundred yards,
and his shot lanced past the tall figure
at the door. Decker’s masked face
turned sharply, and at the same instant
the heavy door sagged inwards. Two
of the insectants scurried across to the
aircar, scenting meat for their whetted
ravenous appetites, and Greg’s next
shot was directed at the foremost of
these creatures. The thing leapt
blindly at the aircar, and the second
monster clambered over its body and
thrust its great reeking head into the
craft. Again Greg’s atoflame gun sent
its white-hot beam into the second in-
sectant. and the creature, its great legs
clawing the air, fell backwards, its head
and front portion a vaporous mass.

  Greg grabbed a pair of goggles from
the locker on the dashboard and put
them on. “Decker’s in there, Thurs-
ton! I’m going after him!”

  The other was talking rapidly and
animatedly into the viziscreen. He
paused at Greg’s words. “Wait, I’ll
come with you.” Greg shook his head.
Professor Decker, armed with an ato-
flame pistol, as well as with his scienti-
fic knowledge, could put the Ray-
barrier machinery out of use within
minutes once he was in the ray-generat-
ing room. A delay of even a minute
could have incalculably disastrous con-
sequences. Greg leapt from the air-
car, but he had scarcely covered ten
yards of the distance to the Ray-tower
when the dog-like ants closed in around
him. Again and again he fired his
atoflame gun at the creatures, but it

was like trying to stem a flood with
broom. The vile, biting smell was in
his nostrils, nauseating him, but thanks
to his goggles, not affecting his eyes.
The creatures’ powerful feet clawed at
him; monstrous mandibles clicked and
struck at his face. He literally burnt
a path through the crowding brutes, and
as quickly as he vaporised one insectant
another took its place.

  The last time he pressed the switch
of the gun the weapon emitted a faint
hiss, indicating that its magazine was
empty.

  “All right! Keep going!” Thurston,
having completed his instructions over
the viziphone, was beside him, goggled,
and using his gun. Slowly the two
men moved towards the open door, but
already other great ants were entering
the Ray-tower. As Greg reached the
door an insectant came scuttling out,
followed by another and yet another.
One of the things crashed into Greg’s
legs, sending him sprawling. Thurston,
afraid to use the gun on the monster
that immediately pounced on Greg’s
chest, lifted his foot and kicked
savagely at the creature’s head, produc-
ing a queer metallic ringing sound and
causing the thing to topple over on its
long legs; and as Greg leapt to his feet
Thurston despatched the great ant.

IT was Greg who first reached the
ray-generating room, Thurston
lingering long enough to pour flame
into the slowly advancing insectants.

  The young Inspector leapt, his hand
clawing at the upraised arm. With a
startled shout Decker spun half-round.
Greg twisted the man’s wrist and the
gun dropped with a clatter to the floor;
he brought up his left fist in a jolting
short-arm blow; Decker’s head jerked
back, and the cylinder followed the gun
to the floor, still emitting its pale
vapour.

  Decker sprawled, grasped one of the
shining rails which guarded the mach-

PAGE TWENTY-FOUR, THRILLS INCORPORATED
inery, and as Greg rushed to close with
him the other shot out his foot. It
caught the Inspector full in the stomach.
Pain shot through his body. He stag-
gered back and Decker, a muffled
maniacal laugh issuing through his hel-
met, pounced on the atoflame pistol.
Greg, writhing on the floor, heard
rushing footsteps as Thurston raced into
the room. The Security man did not
fire his own gun, obviously fearful that
the bolt would vaporise the pulsating
arc straight ahead; and once that arc
died the detectors on the Gamma
spaceships, no doubt hovering out in
space patiently awaiting their opportun-
ity, would pick up the cessation of the
ray-pulses in the great defensive chain
and flock to the broken link. Thurston,
in desperation, hurled his own gun at
the masked head.

  There came a sharp crack! a muffled
curse from Decker as he fell forward.
Thurston leapt at the man, but Decker
with amazing agility writhed and kicked
like the maniac he was. He twisted
from the Security man’s grasp, shot
around the mass of machinery and
dashed to the other end of the room.
Greg rose painfully to his feet. One
of the dropped atoflame pistols lay at
his feet. He grasped it and staggered
in the wake of Thurston, who in turn
was pursuing the crazed Decker.

  Decker had reached the door. He
blundered through, and a muffled
scream reached Greg’s ears. The In-
spector ran towards the door, colliding
heavily into Thurston, who had stopped
abruptly, staring transfixed at the sight
on the landing. Outside was a mill-
ing mass of insectants and in
their midst, squirming and struggling
futilely, his clothes already partly torn
from his body, and blood pouring from
the vicious v wounds he had received
from his own creations, was Professor

Decker—no longer carrying the con-
trol cylinder which had given him im-
munity from the giant ants.

  Even as Greg raised the atoflame pis-
tol to put an end to the ghastly struggle,
white bones, streaked with red flesh
showed briefly among the heaving bod-
ies of the voracious ants. It was over,
for Professor Decker. But the blast
from the gun ended the gruesome feast
of the insectants.

THE two men turned away from the
smouldering twitching bodies. Greg
returned and picked up the cylinder,
then ran up the stairs to the top of the
tower. The Chief Technician, his right
shoulder bearing a gaping wound, lay
on the floor, white of face, almost help-
lessly weak from loss of blood. The
bodies of the two assistant technician"
were beside him, the floor was Stic! ■■
with the crushed remains of two insecv
ants.

  “Who is it?” The Chief raised stream-
ing sightless eyes to the two men. Greg
ran to the first-aid chest, and within a
few minutes eased the agony of the man
and partially restored his sight. “We did
the best we could,” gasped the Chief.
“We opened the windows to shoot at
them when they were attacking the
crowd below, but we had to close up at
the finish to save the Ray-barrier. If
they had swarmed in they would have
wrecked the plant.”

“They can’t hold out much longer,
Thurston! You sent for reinforcements,
didn’t you?”

  “No!” Thurston shook his head. “I
sent for raw meat from the Food Coun-
cil. Craft will be over any time now to
drop the meat in a mass outside the
city. An atomraidcr plane will do the
rest. When the monsters are massed
around the meat, a safe distance from
the city one bomb will finish them off.”

THE END

THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE TWENTY-FIVE
PLANET

of the

LOST

Dayment went to face the
unknown peril with a
hunch, a sound machine
and a pinch of salt—with
which this yarn should
also be taken.

PLANET of the Lost, they called it.
1 guess it was just one of the
freaks of modern times. It wasn’t
even a planet really, just a planetoid
gyrating round the outer orbit of Alpha
Centauri. The whole point about it
was that it was only two light-years
v, outside the Rip from Uranus.

' We’ve been using the Rips for the
last couple of centuries, but even now
you can’t forecast where the exact point
of departure will be. When the Rip
ends and you’re tossed back into nor-
mal space, is always a sticky period,
and that’s where the Planet of the Lost
came into the picture.

Terra Central Control is still too
wrapped up in the exploitation of the
natural resources of Mars and Venus,
to worry about the outer planets much.

My name’s Dayment, by the way,
Tim Dayment. My brother John and
S 1 were born on the Outer Station, so the

PAGE TWENTY-SIX, THRILLS INCORPORATED
only things we know about Terra are
what people tell us and what we see
on the video-tape screens. We’re part
of the first generation to be born on
one of the outer planets.

  Outer Galactic Station No. 3 is situ-
ated on the cold side of Uranus. The
establishment is housed in one huge,
pressurised plasti-glass bubble and con-
tains a research laboratory, offices and
homes and a population of two hundred
and fifty humans and four hundred
automatic slaves. We have three space
ships on the establishment and our main
work is concerned with the mapping
and exploration of Uranus and Alpha
Centauri.

 The Planet of the Lost has been
known for the last sixty Terran years
and it is believed that four space ships
have piled up on it during that time.

  It was getting towards the end of
the eight-hour shift in the lab. and by
that time I was more interested in the
way that the plasti-tunic clung to
Hilda’s curves, than in the reaction of
the Uranus plant life to certain chemi-
cal agents. Farrell, the controller, came
in and asked me to come to his office.
Regretfully I took my eyes off the
curves and followed him out of the
lab.

  “Read that,” he said, when we got
into his office. He tossed over the
messagc-form to me.

   PLUTONION COUNCIL HAVE
 ANNOUNCED INTENTION OF
 COLONISING ALPHA CENTAURI
 STOP INITIAL VOYAGE PLAN-
 NED YEAR 32451 YOUR TIME
 STOP IMPERATIVE YOU DES-
 PATCH EXPEDITION IMMEDIA-
 TELY WITH VIEW TO ESTAB-
 LISHING PERMANENT STATION

   A Planet Special

By ALAN YATES

THRILLS INCORPORATED. PAGE TWENTY-SEVEN
 ON ALPHA CENTAURl STOP
 GALACTIC CONVENTION DE-
 MANDS PERMANENT STATION
 FOR THREE YEARS DURATION
 BEFORE ANY PLANETARY
 CLAIMS CAN BE ESTABLISHED
 STOP AM IMMEDIATELY DES-
 PATCHING SPACE FLEET AND
 SUPPLIES ROUTED VIA VENUS
 STOP TIME DEMANDS YOU
 MUST DESPATCH SPACE FLEET
 IMMEDIATELY.

  “What the hell do they think we’ve
got up here?” Farrell asked bitterly.
“Talking about despatching a space-
ship fleet! Out of three ships, there’s
one on the other side of Uranus and
one just started a six months’ overhaul
and completely out of action.

  “That leaves us one ship.”

  “You’re going to send that?” I asked
him.

  “Of course,” he nodded, “I can’t af-
ford to ignore an instruction like that!
I'll have to send lohn, he’s the best
pilot we’ve got. With supplies, there’ll
only be room for eight, I'll send four
males and four females, and then, at
least, they shouldn’t get lonely!” he
grinned all over his big face.

I WASN’T really happy about it, all
the same. Unless things had al-
tered a lot during the last five years,
there was still the Rip and the Planet
of the Lost to contend with. lohn was
my brother, my only blood relation
living, and I didn’t like him going.

  Ten days later they were ready. I’d
worked like mad, with Hilda helping
me in that time to fit isatophonic-beam
equipment into the ship, so that they
would be able to contact us. That at
least would be some consolation. The
whole population of Galactic Station
No. 3 turned out to see him off.

  They kept contact all the way until
they reached the Rip. Then there was
silence. That was to be expected any-
way, a Rip is literally nothing and some-
thing, even as small as an isatophonic-
beam, can’t travel in nothing—if you

get what I mean. But the beam can
travel round the outside of the Rip,
and once they were clear of it.
they should be able to make contact
again.

  The isatophon receiver unscrambled
the beam and amplified it into voice re-
production. This made it a lot easier
than some form of code. You just had
to listen and hear the sender’s voice,
and speak into a sonicphone when you
wished to transmit a message.

  After seven hours’ waiting, it came
through.

  ‘Tim!” the voice was hardly audible
and I switched the monitors right over,
but it didn’t make the voice any louder.
“Tim!” it was John’s voice all right.

  “What is your speed?” I asked him.

  “Everything was all right until we
came out of the Rip,” he said, ignoring
my question. “It must have a hell of
a gravitational pull or something.
There’s just nothing I can do.”

  “Have you tried reversing the jets?”
I yelled into the mouthpiece.

  “Astro-compass, instruments — all
shot to hell,” he said. “No sensible
readings. There’s no chance for us,
Tim. Don’t let them send another ship!
It’s a death-trap!”

  I couldn’t understand why he wasn’t
answering my questions. After a lapse
of about half an hour he came in again.
“Getting pretty close now,” he said.
“Speed up to thirty thousand knots. The
anti-gravs don’t make any difference.
I think there’s something wrong with
them!” His voice faded out and came
in about twenty minutes later. “Nearly
there now,” his voice was matter-of-
fact.

  “Goodbye, Tim. Don’t let them send
another ship!”

THE whole transmission had been
recorded on tape, so later on I
only had to play it back for Farrell to
know the whole story. He was white-
faced by the time it was finished, and I
hate to think how 1 looked. He beamed

PAGE TWENTY-EIGHT, THRILLS INCORPORATED
a long message describing the tragedy,
to Terra Central Council and as far
as he was concerned, that was the end
of the matter.

  I talked about it in a vague sort
of way to Hilda and we spent long days
on working out the design. When we’d
finished and got it onto paper, 1 look
it along to Farrell.

  _ “No. 1 im.' he shook his head de-
cisively. “Under no circumstances am
1 going to risk another ship. You
could be right and maybe this idea of
yours could work, but I'm not sending
any more humans to their death!”

  That seemed to be the end of it.

  “It’s no good!” 1 told Hilda. “He
won’t hear of it!”

  “Couldn't we take the ship?” she
asked. "Two of us could run it and we
could get away before anyone realised
what we were doing!” “We could,” I
agreed wearily, “but we couldn’t make
the new machine and fit it, and without
that the whole thing's useless!” “1
suppose you're right!” she said passion-
ately. “Damn Farrell! Once he’s made
up his mind, he never changes it!”
“Not always,” said a dry voice be-
hind us. “I sometimes have it changed
for me!”

  Farrell was standing behind us, a wry
grin on his face. He handed me a
message-form. I read it, feeling stupid
at having been caught out like a small
boy.

   REGRET LOSS OF SPACE SHIP
   STOP PLUTONIAN FLEET
   LEAVES NEXT MONTH YOUR
   TIME STOP VITAL YOU MAKE
   CONTACT ON ALPHA CEN-
   TAURI STOP DESPATCH AN-
   OTHER SHIP IMMEDIATELY.

  1 handed the message to Hilda who
read it eagerly.

WE worked like demons for the
next week. By the end of it, the
machinery was installed and everything
ready. Farrell readily agreed that Hilda
and 1 could pilot the ship. He didn’t
want to risk any more lives than was

necessary and I didn’t blame him for

that. We had one good rest before
take-off.

  The jets roared and thirty seconds
later, Uranus was a rapidly receding
orb beneath us. When we were clear
of gravitational pull, I turned off the
anti-gravs and adjusted the course to-
wards the Rip.

  We hit the Rip a week later and
I cut the atomic motors and stopped
worrying about our course. A Rip is
a sort of vacuum in space and once
you get into it, you’re drawn along at
a terrific speed until you reach its
limits. There’s nothing you can do
about it once you’re there. Instruments
and power don’t mean a thing once
you're there but it has the great ad-
vantage of taking you where you're
going at ten times the normal speed and
with no fuel consumption.

  Life was very sweet during the time
we spent in the Rip. As it grew near
to the lime when we would leave it, I
wondered if the machine would work,
i’d built a super-jet into the nose of the
ship and I was relying on that. Re-
membering John had told me that his
speed violently increased as he neared
the planetoid and the anti-gravs had
no effect. I based my hope on this
nose-jet.

  We strapped ourselves into the two
seats by the control-panel and waited
tensely as the time approached to leave
the Rip. Suddenly it happened—

  “Look at the astro-compass!” Hilda
breathed. 1 looked at it and saw the
needle swinging crazily. The whole
instrument-panel seemed to have gone
haywire. The knot-ratage was increas-
ing at a fantastic pace. 1 watched the
needle swinging round steadily until it
hovered over the 20,000-knot mark and
then climbed upward! Out of the plasti-
foma windscreen, I could see the dark
ball of the planetoid getting larger rap-
idly. I cut in the anti-gravs and noth-
ing happened. Hilda, as I had in-
structed her, was talking rapidly into

THRILLS INCORPORATED. PAGE TWENTY-NINE
an isatophon, describing every detail
to Farrell. But we weren’t getting
any reply from Uranus!

  The knot-ratage needle hit the thirty
thousand mark and then moved up to
the limit and the instrument shattered
under the pressure! Ahead of us the
surface of the planetoid blotted out the
whole view. I moved my hand over
to the lever that controlled the nose-
jet. Another ten seconds and my theory
would work, or we would both be shat-
tered in minute fragments!

  “The transmitter is dead!” Hilda said
coolly, nodding towards the instrument-
panel.

  With a horrible suddenness, the speed
of the ship was cut right back. If
we hadn't been strapped to our seats
we would have plunged almost clean
through the plasti-foam windscreen. One
moment we were screaming towards al-
most certain destruction, and the next
we were floating down towards the
barren surface of the Planet of the Lost.

I TOOK my hand away from the lever
and cut in the anti-gravs. A gentle
whining noise became audible and the
ship hovered peacefully about half a
mile above the surface of the plane-
toid. We looked at each other for
a long time without speaWng.

  Everything seemed very still after I
had cut the motors. We could see,
in the dim blue light, the bare, rough
surface of the planet stretching away
from beyond the windscreen. Hilda
shivered: “It looks—evil!” she said.

  “It certainly does!”

  We both put on space-helmets and
went out through the airlock. Hilda
stood beside me, ready to act if any-
thing went wrong, while I unscrewed
the helmet. When I had taken it right
off, I took a cautious sniff and breathed
—air!

  I motioned to Hilda to take off her
helmet and had my first laugh in a long
time when I saw the expression of
amazement on her face. “That’s some-
thing, anyway!” I said.

  “What now?” Hilda asked with such
feminine simplicity that I could have
strangled her!

  “I think I’ll look around,” I mut-
tered inadequately. We moved back
inside the ship and I got the equipment
I thought necessary. It was bitterly
cold on the planetoid so I wrapped a
heavy coat round me and put on a pair
of goggles and a soft helmet. I’d
brought along a portable Heisener out-
fit—the other half of my hunch.

   The goggles had haze-filter lenses and
I could see much better in the murky
blue that passed for daylight on the
planetoid.

  “You’d better guard the ship,” I told
Hilda. I took a couple of dextrahor-
mones which have the advantage of not
only being food but of keeping you
awake for forty-eight hours.

  Hilda watched me dress up and saw
me take the Heisener outfit.

  “How long will you be gone?” she
Hskcd

  “I don’t know,” I admitted. “Until
I find something, I guess. Whatever
you do, don’t leave the ship. Close
the airlock after I’ve gone and keep it
closed. Try the isatophon again and
see if you can contact Farrell and tell
him what’s happened.”

AFTER I’d gone about a hundred
yards I switched on the Heisener
outfit and started swinging the vacuum-
tube across the ground in front of me
as I walked. I had a sneaking wish
that I’d brought the ray-gun with me.

  I’d got maybe two or more miles
away from the ship when I saw through
the goggles, something white-coloured
on the ground. I quickened my pace
and wished I hadn’t when I got up
to them. There was a pile of bones
on the ground—human bones.

  I heard a faint, skittering noise be-
side me, and turned round quickly, my
heart pounding. Two figures stood
there, looking at me, and they seemed
almost as scared as I was. They had
a head, a torso, arms and legs, but

PAGE THIRTY, THRILLS INCORPORATED
after that there wasn’t much similarity
between them and human beings.

  They seemed to get over their fright
as I stood motionless, and they started
coming towards me and I saw one of
them had a club in his hand. Their
intentions looked far from peaceful.
Unconsciously I swung the vacuum
tube round towards them and the out-
fit suddenly set up a vicious whine.
They jumped back and looked terri-
fied. I got the obvious idea. I walked
towards them, swinging the tube and
the whine grew steadily higher. A
moment later they took to their heels
and ran, fiat-footed, away from the
noise.

  I’d had enough for the time being.

I thought I could make an honorable
retreat to the ship and tell Hilda what
I had found. I hurried back as fast
as I could, not consciously noticing that
the whine of the Heisener outfit had
stopped abruptly.

  The first thing I noticed when I
neared the ship was that the airlock
was wide open. I didn’t like the look
of that. I plunged through the door-
way into the interior of the ship and
looked round. It was empty. Hilda
had disappeared.

  I stripped off the goggles and helmet
and steadied my fingers down enough
to light a cigarette. Then I noticed
something else—the isatophon was
working!

  “Farrell calling Dayment. Farrell
calling Dayment,” the voice droned on
in a monotone. “John has contacted
us. He landed safely about five miles
east of your position. Can see your
ship from hill nearby. Cannot leave
his crew as all are weak from lack of
food. Urgent you contact them imme-
diately with tablet supplies.” There
was a moment’s pause. “Farrell calling
Dayment, Farrell . . .” the voice started
repeating the message.

  I felt a surge of delirious joy!
They were all still alive! Obviously
Hilda had heard the message and
started off immediately with the food

THRILLS

tablets. I pulled on the goggles again
hastily and clamped the helmet over
my head. And then I stopped.

  I was a scientist. A man trained to
disbelief. A man trained never to accept
anything at its face value, but to ques-
tion and probe until he was sure he had
the truth. This could be a very neat
trap! How did I know it was Farrell
talking over the isatophon?

MAKING my way aft, I saw that the
ray-gun was missing. Hilda had
had enough sense to take that with her.
I took one of the spare compasses and
the Heisener outfit and started out
again.

  Half a mile due east from the ship,
I found the body of one of the ape-
men. The face was a blotch of burnt
tissue where it had been seared by a
ray-gun. No need to wonder what had
happened to Hilda!

  I made the hardest decision of my
life. Every emotion I had was urging
me to chase after the ape-men who had
taken her away, but my brain, that little
part of it that remained cold and kept
an analytical approach, told me to go
in the other direction. It remembered
the Heisener picking up a beat near the
bones.

  It was an hour later when I reached
them. I swung the vacuum tube round
until I picked the high-pitched whine.

  I found it about a quarter of a mile
away. A hole, about three feet in
diameter that disappeared straight into
the ground.

  It seemed an eternity before I came
to the end of the tunnel. It swung
round a sharp corner and suddenly
opened out into a broad open space,
with a high roof of rock about twenty
feet above my head. A dozen or more
ape-men saw me approach and came
running towards me, swinging their
clubs into the air. I switched on the
Heisener and the noise was deafening.
Walking towards them I swung the
tube out in front of me and they fell
back with shrill howls of terror.

INCORPORATED, PAGE THIRTY-ONE
  A melodious flute-like sound came
through the air and the ape-men sud-
denly^ prostrated themselves on the
ground, grovelling in abject worship.
Something came from behind the mach-
inery, making its way towards me. 1
switched off the outfit, it obviously
wasn’t needed now.

  It stood about four feet high and was
bathed in a shimmering light that was
generated from its body. Quivering
tendrils served it for legs an.d arms.
From this orifice, a silvery voice spoke
in perfect English!

  “Do not worry, Dayment,” it said,
“your friends are perfectly safe!”
"You are a Plutonian?” I asked it.
The tendrils waved an assent. My hunch
was right. I couldn’t see how else the
thing would have worked, unless it had
been organised.

  “You have more intelligence than the
others,” it said. “You guessed what
was happening?”

  “Where are the rest of the humans?”
1 asked him.

I FOLLOWED him across the floor of
i- the cavern, past the machinery into
another cave where a group of people
were standing.

  “Tim!” Hilda flung herself into my
arms. ' I was surrounded by people
eagerly greeting me and a moment later
was shaking hands with my brother.

  “I’m sorry about that fake message
that was supposed to come from Far-
rell,” he said. “But they threatened to
turn Sofried over to the ape-men, if I
didn't do it!”

. "Don't worry about it,” I told him.

  The Plutonian was joined by another
of his kind. They stood together, their
tendrils waving gently and the fixed
lenses staring at us.

  “Are there only the two of you?” I
asked the first one.

  “We are all that is needed,” he said.
“But remember if you try any violence,
the ape-men will tear you apart!”
“What will you do with us?” I asked
him.

  “We do not destroy life unneces-
sarily,” it said. “After Alpha Cer.tauri
has been inhabited by our specks, you
will be taken back to Pluto as exhibits
of another planet’s elementary form of
life!”

  I	had no pity then. The prospect
they held out for us was too horrible
to contemplate. To be exhibited like
the animals in the Dim Ages that were
kept inside cages! 1 reached into my
pocket casually and pulled out a cig-
arette and struck it between my lips.
Then I felt for a match: They weren't
looking at me, they were satisfied I
was going to light the cigarette. I drove
my hand deep in the pocket and
grabbed a handful of grains. 1 took
it out quickly and threw the grains into
the faces of both of the Plutonians.

  There was a horrible sizzling noise
and one fearful, high-pitched moan,
and then both of them were a vegetable
mass on the floor of the cavern.

ND the ape-men didn't bother
you?”-Farrell asked. “After they’d
seen us destroy their gods, it made us
a sort of super-god,” I said. “They
were only too glad to get out of our
way!”

  “I still don’t understand what hap-
pened!” John said.

  “How did you destroy them?” Sofried
&skccl

  “I did a lot of research in the old
video-tapes,” I said. “Not much is
known about Pluto, they don’t encour-
age visitors from other planets. But
there was a fantastic explorer in the
28th Century named Golphin who
claimed he’d been to Pluto. No-one
believed him. But he said a certain
mineral that was common on Terra,
was unknown on Pluto and had a
violent reaction on the inhabitants.
Rather like the effect on us if some-
one tipped a beaker of concentrated
sulphuric acid on top of our heads.”

  “So you used that mineral?” Hilda
asked. “But what was it?”

   “Salt!” 1 said soberly.

Published by Transport Publishing Co. Pty. Ltd., of 26 Hunter Street Sydney Printed by Herald
feravure Pty. Ltd., Mentmore Avenue, Rosebery, Sydney. Wholesale Distributors, Gordon and

                                  Gotch (Australasia) Ltd.
Missing Page: Inside Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
Missing Page: Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org