Interplanetary Stories

                     SPRING

HUGO GERNSBACK Editor

The Vanguard to Nepti
by J. M. Walsh

, MANLEY WADE WELLMAN
    CUFFORD D. SIMAK Is

Other Interplanetary Stories

JACK WILLIAMSON

     Stories

            injfGDmr
      Previous Experience Not Needed

 ANYONE WHO CAN READ AND WRITE can study
Chemistry through our simply prepared course. You don't
need a higher education, and you don’t need any previous
experience or preparation. Chemistry is not harder to
understand than electricity or radio. Just plain sense and
ordinary observation powers.

         Opportunities in Chemistry

  Chemistry offer* those who are ambitious and willing to
apply themselves conscientiously, the greatest opportunities
of any vocation today. Industrial firms if all kinds pay
tempting salaries to get the right men. Opportunities
abound on every hand.

 You can study Chemistry under the well-known instructor,
 T. O'Conor Sloane, A.B.. A.M., Ph.D., LL.D.

 You Can Learn at Home

  Our home study course, written by Dr. Sloane himself, is
practical, logical and remarkably simple. It is illustrated
by so many experiments that are performed right from the
start that anyone can thoroughly understand every lesson.
Dr. .Sloane will, in addition, give you any individual help
you may need in your studies.

 ry k

your laboratory outfit—there are no ex-
tras to buy with our course. You can
pay in small monthly amounts, and we
show you how to earn the cost of the
whole course as you go along.

FREE

Easy Monthly Payments

THIS IS AN ACTUAL PHOTO-
GRAPH OF YOUR EXPERI-
MENTAL CHEMICAL LAB
ORATORY OUTFIT

     Size of Cabinet:
 Height, 22%", Length.
 17%"; Weight 25 lbs.
 50 Pieces of Apparatus
 42 Different Chemicals

 Experimental
 Equipment Given

Mail

Coupon

Today!

 To Every
 Student

  We give to every student without additional
charge his chemical equipment, including fifty
pieces of regular standard laboratory appara-
tus and supplies and forty-two different chem-
icals and reagents.

CHEMICAL INSTITUTE OF NEW YORK.
Home Extension Division. W.S.Q.-3-3
19 Park Place, New York, N. Y.

Please send me at once, without any .obligation
on my part, your Free Book "Opportunities for
Chemists." and full particulars about the Experi-
mental Equipment Riven to every student. Also
please tell me about the latest reduction tin tui-
tion price and your easy plan of payment.

NAME
ADDRESS
CITY -

WHAT THESE STUDENTS HAVE DONE, YOU CAN DO!

  "Since I have been studying with your school
I have been appointed chemist /or the Scran-
ton Coal Co., testing all the coal and ash by
proximale analysis."—Morlais Couzens.

  "1 also have some nexcs for you. I hare
been made assistant chemist /or the concern
1 am working for."—A. G. Delwarte.

  “I am now cleaner and dyer for the above
named company. My salary is almost double

what it was when I started the. course.''—
E. H. Lasater.

   "// it weren’t for your course I wouldn’t
hare the job I've got now."—George Daynes.

  "Since beginning your course of study I
have received an' increase in my pay check,
tand as / progress my work becomes lighter
through a better understanding."—M. G. Cole.

CHEMICAL INSTITUTE OF NEW YORK, INC.

19 Park Place	Dept. W. S. Q. 3-3 ^ New York, N. Y.

CHEMISTRY -the Job with a Future

 Unlimited Possibilities » Fascinating Work » Immense Opportunities
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

289

SCIENCE

FICTION

SERIES

6 “IS? 50c

  The above titles only are available
and these are fast diminishing. Once
the supply is exhausted they will not
be reprinted again.

'T'HESE small books, illustrated by artist Paul, are printed on
a good grade of paper. They contain brand new stories
never published before in any magazine.

      Each book (size 6x8 in.) contains one or two stories by a
well-known scientific fiction author.

ORDER BY NUMBER
2—THE THOUGHT PROJECTOR—By David H. Keller, MJ).

5—THE	BRAIN OF THE PLANET—By Lilith Lorraine

         6—WHEN	THE MOON FELL—By Charles H. Colladay
     7—THE MECHANICAL MAN—By Amelia Reynolds Long
     The age of the robot is just dawning and some of its infinite pos-
     sibilities, Miss Long dips into it in this thrilling story.

THE THOUGHT STEALER (Second Part—Book 7)

By Frank Bourne

            That it may be possible, sometime in the future, for a brilliant
       scientist to penetrate the minds of others and examine their thoughts,
       is the theme of this engrossing story.

               8—THE TORCH OF RA—By Jack Bradley
     All about us lies a tremendous amount of untouched power; in the
     sun, in the cosmic rays, etc. This power, if obtained and concentrated,
     might be put to great use.

     9—THE VALLEY OF THE GREAT RAY—By Pansey E. Black
We know very little about the real potentialities of matter. There
may be great civilizations that have found and utilized these poten-
tialities far beyond our own conception.

10—THE ELIXIR—By H. W. Higginson
Brain power is often dependent on the influences of our glands.

       By proper stimulation of some kind, it may be possible in the future
       to produce great geniuses.

        11—THE THOUGHT TRANSLATOR—By Merab Eberie
     Mental telepathy is becoming generally accepted as an accom-
     plished fact. Some of its uses, especially by mechanical means, may
     be very tragic or very amusing.

      THE CREATION (Second part—Book 11)—By M. Milton Mitchell
      It should be possible in the future to create living beings syn-
      thetically, and when this is done, there will be some amazing results.

               12—1THE LIFE VAPOR—By Clyde Farrar
     Mr. Farrar is evidently an expert in his subject. He shows how,
     by proper control, it may be possible to change the entire course of
     human life.

      THIRTY MILES DOWN (Second part—Book 12)—By D. D. Sharp

What lies far beneath the surface of the earth, still remains
quite a mystery to us. Mr. Sharp has erected a rather amazing theory.

MAIL COUPON TODAY FOR YOUR BOOKS!

STELLAR PUBLISHING CORP., WSQ-3-3, 98 Park Place, New York, N. Y.
Gentlemen:

I am enclosing herewith $......for which please send me prepaid books

which I have marked with an X:

   [ ] 2 [ ] 6 [ ] 8 [ ] 10 [ ] 12
   [ ] 5	[ ] 7	[ ] 9	[ ] 11

Name---------------

Address--------------------I

City

-State__I

.J
           Quarterly

PUBLICATION OFFICE:

404 North Wesley Ave., Mt Morris,Hi.
Published by

STELLAR PUBLISHING CORPORATION

H. GERNSBACK, Pres.

I. S. MANHEIMER, Sec'y S. GERNSBACK, Treat.

 THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE

 By J. M. Walsh __294

     Four races clashed on rnyrteriooa Neptune, to settle the
     planet’s fate . . . .

 REBELS OF THE MOON

By Manley Wade Wellman and Max Jergovie —354

     Based on the Fifth Prise Winning Plot of the Interplanetary
     Plot Contest.....

 THE WOMAN FROM SPACE

 By Richard Vaughan-------364

     Into the heart of the world they burrowed, to make a pass-
     ageway through space.....

 THE VOICE IN THE VOID

  By Clifford D. Simak -382

     Defying the religious fanaticism of another race, the Terres-
     trials invade the Temple's sanctity .....

 RED SLAG OF MARS

By Jack Williamson and Laurence Schwartzman ..39i

     Based on the Sixth Prite Winning Plot of the Interplanetary
     Plot Contest.....

 THE STERILE WORLD

  By Warren E. Sanders----------—-408

     Sterile, the human race faced certain extinction . . . slowly .. .
     inevitably.....

OUR COVER ILLUSTRATION

  from J. M. Walsh’s thrilling novel, “The Vanguard to
  Neptune," we see the hordes of Triton, Neptune’s moon,
  aided by their monstrous saw-like weapon, driving the
  Terrestrials back to their space ship. Gigantic Neptune
  hangs low in the sky.
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

291

♦lOOO.oo

life Insurance

♦5,000.°o

Accident Insurance

for as low as

#413

Americas Most_
Unusual Insurance Offer/

MADE possible by serving direct by
mail, eliminating commissions, ex-
aminations, and other special expenses.
The postman is our agent, and YOU
save the difference.

  Everyone realizes the need for ade-
quate life insurance. Now it is within
the reach of alL The protection you have
always wanted for yourself and family,
the security against old age—the added
peace of mind and release from worry.

  A standard, old line, legal reserve pol-
icy, in one of America’s greatest com-
panies ! Special travel accident benefits,
loan values, disability benefits, paid-up
insurance, endowment additions, and
other advantages. All for a premium as

low as $4.13 at age 35 (premiums for
other ages, 10 to 60 in proportion). Men
and women eligible on equal terms. At
this new low cost NO FAMILY can
afford to be without this protection.

  No medical examination required. No
agent to call on you. No red tape. Sim-
ply mail the coupon below. We will
mail you a sample policy to look oven
If you like it, keep it. If you don’t, there
is no cost or obligation whatsoever.

  Get this vital protection while it is
available at such low cost I Tomorrow
may be too late.

 NOTE—As we must limit the number
of policies in each community, this offer
is open for only a limited time.

FREE!

Mail this coupon TODAY for sample policy and complete details.

(Box 318)

 Union Mutual Life Company of Iowa,

 Teachont Building,

 Des Moines, Iowa.

 Send me above described Free sample policy and complete detail#—this is not to obligate me
 in any way.
292

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

- NEW SCIENCE fICTICN -

     WE PRESENT to the readers of WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY, the most complete selection of re-
     cent important science fiction. We have selected these books because they are the foremost of their
     kind today. There is such a great variety, that it will satisfy any taste that any student of science fiction
     might have. We have no catalog and ask you to be kind enough to order direct from this page. Prompt
     shipments will be made. Remit by money order or certified check. If you send cash, be sure to register it.
     No C. 0. D.’s. Books sent prepaid in U. S. A. Add postage for foreign countries.

                       MUKARA                                             THE EARTH TUBE                     THE CONQUEST OF SPACE                               
   by Muriel Bruce, 276 pnge», stiff doth covers.     by Gawain Edwards. 800 pages. Stiff cloth              by David Lasser, 290 pages, illustrated, stiff      
                  SSL6* x 8- $2.50                    eve™. Size 514 x 7*. $2.00                             cloth covers, size 6% x 8%. ha                      
                                                                                                             Price ........---... ..... ....... . $0.00          
Explorations into the unknown parts of our            The popular author of "The Rescue” and "The            ThiB book is not fiction, but the first serious     
globe are revealing the most astonishing re¬          Return from Jupiter” achieves another suc¬             book on interplanetary travel that has ap¬          
mains of ancient civilization. On the basis           cess in this powerful novel. A tube through            peared in English. The author is president          
of the notes of the Fawcett expedition, Bruce         the earth ... an invincible army possessed             of the American Interplanetary Society. He          
has constructed a most thrilling story of the         of strange scientific weapons capturing South          presents a thrilling picture of what has been       
meeting of our civilisation with one whoBe            America. Mr. Edwards is a rising star on the           accomplished with rockets, what an inter¬           
strangeness, mystery and power over nsture            horizon of science fiction, and in this volume         planetary flight would be like, the conditions      
will astound you.                                     he exceeds himself.                                    of life on other planets. This book has been        
               A FIGHTING MAN OF MARS                               THE DAY OF THE BROWN HORDE               
   by Edgar Rice Burroughs, 320 pages, stiff cloth    by Richard Tooker. 300 pages. Stiff cloth              
                   SST- *7• $2.00                     cover*. Sire 5x714. $2.50                              
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
Burroughs, an acknowledged master of sci¬             The author, with an original conception goes           QUAYLETS INVENTION                                  
ence fiction is at his best in this exciting          back into the dim past of our earth to re¬             by John Taine. 450 pages. Stiff cloth covers.       
talo of interplanetary conflict. The story of         create what is unknown to usl With con¬                Size 5*4x7%. 60 AA                                  
Hadron of Hastor will carry you the length            summate skill he builds up the life of our             Price ---------- . ... ............. $2.00          
and breadth of the red planet upon a series           primordial ancestor, prehistoric man. Mr.              "You are a menace to civilisation/' said the        
of unequalled red-blooded adventures. The             Tooker has achieved a triumph of the human             banker to young Quayle, and left the inven¬         
Martian stories of Burroughs were his first           imagination.                                           tor to die upon the sun-scorched island. But        
                   THE PURPLE CLOUD                    
    by M. P. Shiel. 300 pages. Stiff cloth covers.     
                    aXJ**7*- $2.50                     
                                                       
                                                       
                                                       
The thrill and the danger of a trip to un¬             THE PURPLE SAPPHIRE                                 
known portions of the globe for an enormous            by John Taine. 325 pages. Stiff cloth covers.       
reward . . . madness creeping on desolate              p'Lx !.*:.. . ...............$2.00                  
men ... the return of one man to civiliza¬             From the depths of Thibet came the strange          
tion to find he is the only living being on            purple sapphires, jewels of startling value         
earth. A most astounding portrayal of a world          and great beauty. Into the heart of this            
catastrophe.                                           unknown land in search of fabulous wealth           
DOCTOR FOGG                                            
GREEN FIRE                                            
IN THE BEGINNING                                    
by Alan Sullivan. 305 pages. Stiff cloth cov¬       
ers. Size 5% x 7%. €9 AA                            
Price ......................... ............. $Z.OO 
Adventures that outdo the famous "Mysterious        
Island” of Jules Verne. A million years have        
passed over the heads of strange, bizarre           
creatures that our explorers find. A conflct        
between men of the 20th century and the             
Pleistocene men and women who speak in              
                 OUT OF THE SILENCE                                     LAST AND FIRST MEN                   
THE GREATEST ADVENTURE                              
by John Taine. 250 pages. Stiff cloth covers.       
   ...........................................$2.50 
A body of scientists are plunged into the           
In many ways, this story is unbeatable. From          This amazing book, which has created a vir¬            
out of the silence of millions of years comes         tual sensation abroad traces the history of the        
a mystery, a force and a menace so colossal           human race over the next hundred million               
that it staggers the imagination. The story,          years 1 Adventures on earth, adventures on             
revealing the mystery as it does, bit by bit,         other planets, great interplanetary wars, the          
becomes more and more fascinating and over¬           most astounding inventions just fill the pages         
powering.                                             of this fascinating story.                             
    TCIENCE PUBLICATION/

245 GREENWICH STREET	MEW YORK, If. ¥.
SPRING

Quarteitg

WANTED: STILL MOKE PLCTX

IN this issue of the Quarterly you will find
the fifth and sixth stories resulting from the
interplanetary Plot Contest first announced
in the Spring 1931 Quarterly.

  The stories written as a result of the original
contest have nearly all been published, and the
enthusiasm expressed by our readers, indicate
that they wish the Contest to be continued. As
a consequence, in the last issue we announced that
for the succeeding three issues we would award
$10.00 for the best plot submitted up to the time
of closing of each issue. We have pleasure there-
fore in awarding the second $10.00 prize under
this new plan. If the

results warrant it, we	■------=

will continue to award	..... -

the $10.00 prizes at the The 810.00 prize Ior
expiration of the year Plot received up to the
set for this contest; f awarded to Viding I
and will continue it as Ave., Chicago, 111.
long as we receive good WONDER STORIES
plots.	$10.00 eaeh issue for

  Speaking of plots, we plot submitted by our
want emphatically to 15, 1932. Professional
warn our prospective this contest. The $10.(1
contributors against publication of the storj
submitting interplane-
tary war stories. A--

plot submitted that

simply relates a war between two planets, with
a lot of rays and bloodshed, will receive little
consideration. What we want are original ideas,
new points of view on interplanetary exploration;
new ideas regarding the activities of Terrestrials
on strange worlds, and of extra-Terrestrials on
earth. We want our readers to study the inter-
planetary idea with a fresh viewpoint, forgetting
all you have read in other stories.

 The Next Issue of . WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY
       Will Be on Sale June 15t 1932
 VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE

  By J. M. Walsh

    It was no intelligent form of life with which we were confronted. It was a mechanically
propelled vehicle. The real inhabitants were now emerging.

 £94
THE NEPTUNE INVASION

By the Author of “Vandals of the Void," etc.

HOW small a thing it takes to turn the smooth-
running current of a man’s life from its accustom-
ed channel! But for the veriest accident, a slip-
of the geared wheels of fate, my great adventure
tit never have come to me at all.
he world looked very lovely to
me that June night in the year 2235,
as we of the Interplanetary liner
Sirius prepared for the hour of our
departure. 1 thought indeed that
Earth had never seemed so fair.

Contrast, though, must have ac-
counted for much of that feeling.

Our little planet was so different a
world from humid, cloud-hung
Venus, and it had none of the glit-
tering unhuman and mechanical ef-
ficiency of sterile Mars, or the bare,
bleak desolation of our own Moon.

  I was young then, not quite
thirty, and still navigating officer—
third in actual rank—of the I.P.
liner Sirius, still hoping for the pro-
motion to which I felt entitled, but
which somehow never seemed to
come my way. The men above me
held down their jobs

for long on the nor-
mally smooth run be-
tween the Inner Plan-
ets; pleasant company
—alluring Martian wo-
men and frail, pretty
Venusian girls — was
theirs almost for the
asking, while quick
hops and long leave in
home ports combined
with good pay to make
the service attractive.

   But that was not all.

It was whispered by
those who claimed to
know that of late influ-
ence was securing the
pick of the vacancies
as they fell due, that
we who had only our
own abilities to back
us were being crowd-
ed out—kept from pro-
motion by those with
friends to help them
up the ladder. Others,
like myself, were los-
ing heart. Can you
wonder then that I was
beginning to feel a lit-
tle soured? Had I
been a few years
younger I would seri-
ously have considered
getting out of the liner
service, and joining up
with the Interplanetary

Guard. There, at least, merit counted more than in-
fluence. Even the slow old freighters, the tramp-ships of the
planets, offered a better, chance of advancement now-
adays.

J. M. WALSH

 /"'XNE of the greatest service* that an author of
 science fiction can perform writing inter-
 planetary adventures is to show the infinite dif-
 ferences that might exist between various forms
 of intelligent life.

   If we were to think of an exploration from an-
 other world landing on earth, we would seriously
 expect it to consist of human beings, but of a form
 of life with whom we may have not the slightest
 possibility of understanding. There is likely
 to be therefore terrible days of uncertainty and
 suspicion on both sides before the motives of the
 explorers and earthlings are made clear. Certainly
 the earth might be inclined to kill off the invaders
 at once, rather than take the chance that the pur-
 poses of the exploration might be dangerous to us.

   If we, on the other hand, were to explore other
 worlds, we might naturally expect the natives to
 view us with the same suspicion and distrust; and
 should not be surprised at an open show of hos-
 tility.

   The great merit of this story of Mr. Walsh, a
 worthy successor to “Vandals of the Void,” is that
 aside from being a most thrilling and breath-tak-
 ing adventure, it shows our earthmen in two roles,
 as the explorers, and let us say, as the explored
 upon the great planet Neptune.

295

Well, I would make this round trip to Mars once more,
and on the way there and back turn the situation over in
my mind. Something might come of that, some opening
appear, some little chance that might give me that hope
of preferment I sought I little
knew in what fashion it was to
come....

                     Some time towards evening of
that day—our departure was set for
the midnight hour—Captain James
sent for me. I went, expecting that
it was some trivial matter of rou-
tine with which he wished to deal.

  “Sit down, Grayne,” he said, our
greetings over. “I want a word
or two with you.”

  My heart fluttered oddly at that
It was not his conventional open-
ing, and I sensed in his tone no
less than in his words, something
more than I had at first anticipated.
This bluff, red-faced man usually
came straight to the point But
that evening he seemed not so anx-
ious to put his ideas into plain
words.

  “Yes, sir,” I said,
seeing that he paused,
“what is it?”

  He glanced round
the little cabin. Some-
thing in his expression
made me think he was
afraid of being over-
heard, though I knew
there was little chance
of that. The place
was too well insulated.
So much of the busi-
ness done in the office
of a space-liner cap-
tain is purely private
that one cannot take
the chance of eaves-
droppers. So perhaps
it was merely an in-
stinct of caution that
made him look that
way. Nevertheless I
felt troubled, and sud-
denly keyed to the
alert.

  He began. “You’re
having a new assistant
this trip, Grayne,” he
said. “The shore-end
has just advised me.”
I nodded. I had
been hoping for long
that something of the
sort would be done,
for my duties were get-
ting more onerous than
I liked.

  “Just a moment” Captain James saw I was about to
speak and cut in ahead of me. “This is between ourselves
—strictly. Forget our respective ranks for the moment.
I like you, Grayne. I have a feeling that you like me.
296	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

At least we have got on well together. That being so, I
can wish you nothing that is not good. I’m coming to the
point now. The man who’s being sent us is not the type
you or I would have picked ourselves. He’s a college-
bred pup—the kind that can lay over us in theory—and
a friend, or something of the sort—I don’t know the exact
relationship—of one of our directors. You see now what
that means.”

  “I’m to teach him the job,” I said bluntly. “He’s to
get the practical experience under my tuition, and when
lie’s got it, well, he can step into my shoes and I can go
where I please.”

  If I spoke a trifle bitterly it was because of the thoughts
in me, the feeling of hopes thwarted that could never
come to fruition save by some lucky accident.

  “Not quite as bad as that, I hope,” Captain James said
kindly. “But I thought I should warn you. The pup can
pul! strings that we can’t and if we rile him ...” He
made an odd grimace. “I’ve no wish to be disrated any
more than you have. It would be a sad come-down at
my time of life to have to leave the I.P. liners and turn
to the Moon freighters for a living. Bad for both of
us.”

IT would. I knew that, as I knew the Moon freighters
themselves. I had graduated there, made my statutory
six round voyages, as most of us had to do. A hard,
rough school, but splendid for discipline. They taught
a man to take care of himself—and his ship—and to keep
at work with one eye on his job and the other and both
ears wide to catch possibilities of trouble. For the rolgar
miners, going to or coming from the Moon, were a tough
crowd, hard-bitten men, not a few of them criminals.
With such there was always the chance of something
breaking out. More than one Moon ship, seized by them,
had turned pirate and harried the lanes of commerce un-
til the formation of the Interplanetary Guard had eventual-
ly stamped the practice out.

  Even to-day they drove their men hard in the Moon ser-
vice. The freighters themselves, ugly, blunt-nosed tramps of
space, were no featherbeds. To go back to them now,
broken and disappointed as many a disrated skipper had
done, would be worse than disastrous. A great forcing

Sound for the youngsters who wanted space-training,
ey could well be Hades for the man who had known
better days and high command.

  “So,” Captain James concluded, “you see why I’ve
asked you to watch your step and all the rest of it. It’s
rough, Grayne—I’ll grant that—on both of us, but we’ll
just have to grin and bear it. It mightn’t be for long,
after all. Something’s bound to happen one of these days
and then this business of promotion by influence is going
to get its death-blow. The sooner the better for us all.”
“Some over-confident, fresh youngster will cast away
a ship,” I told him, “and then you’ll have the passenger
trade falling off and the underwriters pushing up insur-
ance rates until the directors learn sense. But after all,
the supply of friends and relatives must run out sooner
or later,” I added hopefully.

  Captain James grinned. “There’s one bom every min-
ute,” he returned. “That’s all, Grayne. Don’t make any
trouble now that’s going to have its repercussions on
shore.”

  I promised I would not

  Coming up to my own quarters later I paused for a
moment on the cat-walk that led across to the observation
tower to look down at the arriving passengers. Fifty feet
below me the head of the gangway rearing from the land-
ing stage spilled them out on our deck. There were not
many. On the evidence we were going to have a small
ship. It was getting rather late in the season for mere

tourists, and most of the homeward-bound planetarians
had left by other and earlier liners. So it was mostly
men on business who predominated, only an odd woman
showed here and there.

  Last of that tide came a man and a girl. It was the
man who caught my eye first. He was young, slim, quite
a boy, and dressed in the uniform of the line. I was too
far from him to see the insignia on the collar of his jacket,
but since he was a stranger to me I surmised he was my
new assistant. The girl with him was equally a stranger,
but from the way she kept beside him and the glances
that passed between them I could see they were on friendly
terms.

  The boy—it struck me then that I had not been told
his name—should have been on board long before this,
but the girl, no doubt, was his excuse for the delay. Not
the sort of excuse I would have accepted . . . normally.
In this case, however, if I was to follow James’s instruc-
tions I should have to overlook k.

  I would have given a good deal then, though, for the
chance to blow him up.

  I watched them in the glare of the huge light tubes
that turned night on the landing stage into day, saw them
halted a moment by the emigration and customs men
while their papers were examined, then they reached the
deck and passed from my ken.

  It was quite half an hour later before the fellow re-
ported. I was casting up my calculations for the first
leg of that night’s run when he knocked at the door, and
I merely called, “Come in,” without looking up or taking
my attention off my work. Purely for the sake of dis-
cipline I kept him waiting quite ten minutes. I would
have made it longer had I been able to find any legitimate
excuse.

  “Well?” I looked up and waited for him to explain his
presence.

  He did so in a few words, sharp and concise in a fash-
ion that set my opinion of him forward a few notches.
Though he might waste time he had already learnt not
to waste words. Hasken, he told me, his name was.

  “You’re late,” I said. “You should have been on board
hours ago.”

  “I wasn’t told any time to report,” he answered. “I
thought as long as I came with the passengers—”

  “Well, you thought wrong,” I pointed out. For the life
of me I could not help saying that. “However, there’s still
time to get down to work. Check those calculations, will
you?”

I PUSHED him over the carbon duplicate sheets, and he
took them without a word. He went through them
quicker than I expected, and at the end:

  “They’re correct,” he said. “At least I make them so.
But they tell me you chaps seldom make mistakes.”

  I stared at him. I would have thought it clumsy flat-
tery, meant to get on the right side of me from the start,
but for his air of utter nonchalance. He might have been
speaking about the weather for all the sign he showed.

  “We do make mistakes.” I took him up a trifle sharp-
ly. “That’s why we check. We’re not machines.”

  He faced me gravely. “I see. I guess I’ve a lot to
learn.”

  Promising, certainly. Here was my chance then to start
my questionnaire.

  “Let me see, Hasken. I don’t know much about you.
I haven’t had any report, other than that you were com-
ing. Been seconded from anywhere?”

  “I’ve no papers, if that’s what you mean.” He went
on to tell me a little about himself. He had been college-
trained, well grounded in theory—that was self-evident—
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	297

and he had made odd trips to Mara and Venus, and once
a tour of the asteroidal colonies. He was not new to
space then, in one sense, yet he had to admit that he had
never taken control outside the atmosphere. Yet when I
put him through his paces he seemed to know what to do,
could even tell me a thing or two. I left it at that. Per-
haps before we reached the other side I might manage to
mould him to my wishes.

  “I think we’ll get along all right together," I said
as casually as I could.

  “I hope we will,” he said calmly. At the moment I think
I almost liked the boy, despite the prejudices 1 had
formed against him in advance.

  Abruptly a tube glowed redly on the bank before me,
the warning signal that we were now entering on our final
preparations for departure. From our eyrie in the
quartzite dome of the observation tower, set like a hump
on the top of the Sirius, we could see all around us and
below save, where the bulge of the ship’s hull hid the
ground from our sight. The landing stage was a glare of
lights now. The bulk of the Sirius was bathed in them.
The blue-black of the night sky showed dark by contrast.
Far away to the East the myriad lights of New York cut a
glowing cube from the darkness of the night.

  “All visitors ashore. We leave in five minutes.” The
brazen blare of the stentors* sounded through every corner
of the ship. “Passengers are instructed to seek their cabins,
and lie down. Acceleration will reach its peak within
twenty minutes of starting time. No passengers are al-
lowed on deck at time of departure.”

  The brazen voices went on, repeating the instructions,
endlessly it seemed, first in English, then in Tlananian and
Venusian for the benefit of our Martian and Venusian
passengers. Of a sudden the sound died. A hushed silence
fell for a moment on the ship, then startlingly came a
lone brazen voice, audible all over the Sirius.

  “We are casting off now.”

  From the observation tower we could see the great
clamps that held the Sirius in place sliding away from the
hull like huge hands of metal. The platform on which
the liner itself rested tilted gradually until our nose was
pointed at the zenith, then we were swung gently round
until we were directed at the exact section of the firmament
whither our course was set.

  Soft bells rang; shutters dropped, and lights glowed
one after another on the directional bank in front of us.
I made the necessary adjustments of the instruments for
the first leg of our course, then gave “All Clear” to the
control-room.

  Red warning lights glowed all over that portion of
the Sirius visible beneath us, a siren shrilled, then
came the devastating thunder of our rear rocket tubes.
A sensation of intolerable weight afflicted us while a man
could count ten, then the anti-mechanism** in the tower
took up the strain and we were free to breathe again.

  The Earth seemed to have dropped from under us like
a weighted ball plunging down into the depths of space.

•Stentors: a combination of megaphone and phonograph by
which instructions for the conduct of passengers arc made
audible throughout the ship. Their use on I. P. liners has
recently been made compulsory.

••Anti-mechanism: a system of magnetized plates Installed m
the working quarters of the I. P. ships with the express idea
of nullifying as far as possible the worst effects of the Initial
acceleration. Its use Is confined almost exclusively to the
control-room, engine-room and observation tower. Excessive
cost, difficulty of Installation and impracticability of working
on a large scale prevent its application to the whole ship.
By Insuring that the passengers keep to their cabins and re-
main lying down until the ship has passed beyond the planet's
gravity pull, the worst effects of the aooeleratton are obviated.

CHAPTER II

A Person of Consequence

ONCE we were well out of the atmosphere, and were
holding our speed normal at the acceleration peak
we had reached I decided to send young Hasken off to bed.
There was nothing further he could do for me now; our
calculations had all been made, checked and counter-
checked and the rest was mere routine work.

  I had noticed for some time that he had been looking
tired and heavy-eyed and I guessed the reason. He had
probably spent the day in a round of farewells, maybe
winding up at the end with a supper-party. I couldn’t
altogether blame him. I would have done the same had
I been in his shoes. But after a trip or two he would learn
wisdom and, like myself, put in the sailing day by rest-
ing, accumulating reserve strength for the strain of the
take-off.

  The first Guards’ station, twenty-four hours out ahead
of us, reported “All Clear” along the traffic lanes, and
promised to send us in further reports at intervals. At
least, that was the message that came down to me from
Poltan in the signals room, a tiny rabbit-hutch of an
erection perched forward from the observation tower. I
marked off my log and was beginning to yawn when
Brent came in.

  He was first officer with us that trip, an older and more
grizzled man than I, and like myself not as contented with
his lot as he might have been.

  I swiveled round in my chair as he opened the door and
when I saw who it was, “Come in,” I said.

  He came in and seated himself on the edge of the
table.

  “All serene, Grayne?” he asked.

  “More or less,” I answered. “I’ve just got the Guards’
call through from Poltan. They report a clear lane ahead
of us for the next twenty-four hours. They always do,
though.”

  He grinned. “Bravo, Guards. I don’t know what we’d
do without them, though. It’s a fine service and fine men.
I can’t say, however, that I always like their autocratic
ways. Still, seeing that according to their code they’re
responsible for the smooth running of traffic and the
maintenance of law and order in the void, 1 suppose
they’ve got to be. I for one wouldn’t care to go back to
the old days when we had no Guard-ships to protect us
and interplanetary piracy was the order of the day.”

“All that is changed now,” I said, and he nodded.

  “All that is changed,” he echoed, “and I’m growing old
without ever having realized my life’s ambition.”

  He paused, but 1 did not ask him what that was. If
he cared to tell me, well and good. If not, it was none
of my business.

  “I’ll be fifty-five the day we reach Mars this trip,” he
ran on presently. “Thirty-five years in the liner service
and only first officer now. I don’t think I’d be that if
Baines, our first on the voyage before you joined up,
hadn’t got on the scoot at Shangun in Venus, and ended
by being knifed somewhere down in the slums. There
were no prime favorites about to be pushed into the posi-
tion, so James took it on himself to put me up a step.
When we got back to Earth and the company got his re-
port they couldn’t very well disrate me.”

  He flung me a sidelong glance. So close were our
thoughts paralleling each other’s that I could guess what
was passing in his mind.

  “I m taking this voyage to think it over,” I confessed.
“Like you, I’m feeling dissatisfied, though with rather less
cause, since I’m younger.”

He smiled a little mirthlessly. “Take my advice and
298	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

get out while you can, before you find you’re tied to the
wheel,” he returned.

  “Get out to what?” I asked. “I’m not tied to the
wheel as yet, but I am tied to the void.”

  “So I should imagine. Space gets into one’s blood,
doesn’t it? But I should have thought there were oppor-
tunities for a man of your age—or want of it. They’re
talking of opening up the Outer Planets now. Time they
did. There’s more than one expedition projected. I’ve
heard—I don’t know how true it is, for these things seem
shrouded in secrecy—that there’s a space-ship likely to
start for Planet 8 any day now.”

  “Neptune,” I said, calling it by its old style. “I wouldn’t
mind going there, not that I suppose there’d be much to
see. But there’s the novelty of being one of the first to
set foot on a perfectly unexplored world.”

  “Well, when you get back, if you still think that way,
try for one of later expeditions. Besides Neptune, there
are still Planets 9 to 12 to be explored yet. By the way,
I heard you’ve got a new man in with you.”

  “Yes,” I said warily. One never knows these days who
is one’s friend and who isn’t. Brent might be quite al-
right—I felt almost sure he was—nevertheless I had no
intention, until he had committed himself, of saying any-
thing that could be reported against me.

  “How’s he shaping?”

  “Like most new men. He should be O.K. by the end of
the trip. Know anything about him?”

« /-\NLY what the old man’s told me,” said Brent. “He
has an uncle, who has a big wad of shares in the
Inner-Planets Company. That’s why he’s been pushed in
here—influence—and if you’re not careful you’ll be push-
ed out for him once you’ve stood him on his feet. I’m
saying that to you, because I know you’ll keep it under
your hat. I’m not like the Old Man, afraid to commit
myself. It’s true every little whisper has a disconcerting
habit of getting back to headquarters, but then I flatter
myself I know my friends well enough to see when I
can trust them, and when not. I’ll be going now, though
I’ll look back in an hour or so and take over after rounds,
if you’d care to stretch out.”

  “Thanks,” I said. “I wouldn’t mind. The boat can
run herself more or less at present. We’re running locked
on a dead-line course. After breakfast, though, we’ll cut
out the watches properly, and in a while or so I should
have Hasken so he can take over navigation when I’m off
duty. Meanwhile I’ll think over what you said about the
Outer Planets. If that Neptunian expedition has any room
in it, I’d jump at the chance of joining on our return.”
“You won’t get the opportunity,” Brent said from the
door. “The personnel’s already selected for that, I hear.
I wouldn’t be surprised if they jumped off sooner than
anyone expects. Good night.”

  With that, abruptly, he was gone.

  I came back to my night-watch. Actually here in the
void there was neither day nor night, darkness nor light,
but for convenience’s sake we divide up the twenty-four
hours as though we are on solid Earth. A pleasant little
fiction that keeps the passengers in good humor, and that
from our point of view makes for easier running in ar-
ranging our working hours. So that’s that.

  Seeing the controls were locked safely with a man in
charge, and that everything else was in order I scampered
along the spider-ladder to Poltan’s quarters. The trans-
mission room was a maze of shaded light bulbs of all
colors, and in between the shields the shadows lay thick.
Poltan and his assistant, with the green eyeshades pulled
well down from their foreheads, looked round as I entered.
Poltan growled something I did not catch, resentment at
the intrusion, I guessed.

  “Oh’s it you, Grayne,” he said half-apologetically the
next instant. “Shut the dam’ door and come in. I don’t
want that tank-light from outside filtering in and disar-
ranging my signals.”

  “Sorry,” I said. “I wouldn’t have come if I’d thought
you were busy.”

  “Busy be hanged. It’s only routine work. Small ship
this time, but the passengers seem to be sending a double
lot of messages home. They’ve all got over the effects
of the acceleration now and want to tell the planets how
wonderfully well they fared. It’s enough to make a man
a cynic the bilge we have to beam through here some-
times. The running depends on signals’ efficiency, yet
the outsider seems to think we simply exist to push off
‘Darling Daddy, love from Pussy,’ sort of messages.”

  “At least it keeps you thin,” I smiled.

  “It does. It.. .” But a tube flared up with a crackle
of red light, and Poltan broke off in the middle of what
he had to say.

  A touch of a push button sent the shields shrouding all
the light tubes save the one that was crackling to life, and
the little mirror opposite, that caught and reflected the
light impulses on to the sensitive photographic film where,-
they were recorded for future reference, winked and flash-
ed, and died, and winked and flashed again.

  “Hello, something’s coming,” said Poltan, almost under
his breath. “Station message. Here it is. They’ve got
our answering flash. ‘Message begins.’ ” Pencil in hand,
reading from the flashes as the mirror caught them, he
jotted down on the pad in front of him the signals as
they came over.

  “It’s for you,” he said as the mirror darkened, and re-
mained so. “ ‘General message for all navigational offi-
cers on Martian Lane 66.’ You’re one of that bunch.
‘Liner Syrlis Major reports meteoric swarm hitherto un-
charted. Bulk of swarm appears to be nebulous dust.
Too far away to permit minute examination. Plotted tra-
jectory of course, however, suggests possibility of orbit
crossing space lane at—’ ” Here followed a host of figures
intelligible only to a navigational officer or one intimate
with the intricacies of a space-chart.

  “Got those figures?” said Poltan at the end. “Because
if you haven’t I can let you have the print inside five min-
utes.”

  “I’ve got them,” I told him, “but I’d like the print as.
soon as I can for checking purposes.”

  “Well, wait here till you get it.” He pulled a lever and
the section of the film concerned, snipped off by a guil-
lotine, went dropping down to the development room below
the observation tower, whence in five minutes to the tick
the still-damp print was shot back to us by pneumatic
tube.

  “I’ll take this in and plot the trajectory now,” I said.
“Just as well to get it over, though from Syrtis Major’s
calculations it should miss us by some hours.”

  Poltan gave me his cheerful grin. “Those calculations
are bound to be correct,” he said. “They’ve been vetted
by the station that passed them on, too. But don’t rely
too much on that. I wouldn’t if I were you. There’s
always the chance that some fool tramp-skipper may give
the swarm a blast of his tubes to help it on its way and
so throw the trajectory calculation right out of gear.”

  “I’ll bear that in mind,” I said. The tramp freighters,
gypsies of the void, are a tough crowd to deal with. The
doctrine of personal responsibility, ingrained code that
it is with every regular line-skipper, seems to have no
meaning for their masters. Their old tubs of space-ships
wander wherever they please, making from one planet
port to another on the off-chance of valuable freight, and
not so seldom either doing a bit of smuggling on the sly.
Nevertheless whatever their reputation for irresponsibility,
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	299

I didn’t fancy that the suggestion mooted by Poltan needed
serious attention.

BACK in my own quarters I worked out a trajectory
from the figures supplied, and found the result agreed
with the general message. So much was satisfactory. Then
on the huge space chart that covered one wall of the ob-
servation room I marked off the swarm’s passage. It
would curve across our course at a point of intersection
a quarter of a day ahead of us. No need to worry then.

  When Baines came in to relieve me I turned my figures
over to him, told him one or two things I thought he should
know, and left.

   It was too early for the ship’s company to be astir yet;
not for two hours or more would the buzzers rouse the

Eassengers. Nevertheless as I came down to the level
elow in one of the corridors I caught sight of a slim
trim figure coming towards me. I must have been in the
shadows, for the girl—for such she was—almost ran into
me, then drew back with a stifled exclamation. Though
I could not be sure I had an idea that she was the identi-
cal girl I had seen come aboard in Hasken’s company.

  “What are you doing here?” I said, almost roughly.
“Don’t you know passengers aren’t allowed on this level?”
“Aren’t they? I didn’t know that. I ... I think I must
have lost my way.”

  I gave her a quick glance. An Earth girl, slimly built,
almost boyish in figure; dark eyes that perhaps could look
at one widely innocent, though now they seemed tired and
heavy-lidded; lips that drooped pettishly. A girl one
felt who had found things come so easily that she was al-
most, if not quite, spoilt.

  “C deck’s two levels down,” I informed her.

  She looked up and met my eyes with what I felt was
an odd touch of chilly contempt.

  “Down there!” she said. “Oh, I’m not quartered there.
I’ve a stateroom on B.”

  A person of consequence!

  “Doesn’t matter who you are,” I said steadily. “You’ve
no business here. I’ll see you back to your own level.
Come along.”

  She offered no objection to this, did not offer and I
did not ask any further explanation of how she came to
jhg wandering about the control levels. I was sure that
it could not be merely that she had lost her way. The
illuminated signs were plain enough; only a blind per-
son or one who could not read could be excused for pass-
ing without noticing them.

  “Do you know,” she said as we moved along the cor-
ridor, “that—if I wished—I could have you broken for
this? For insolence?”

  I looked sharply at her. There was no rancour in her
voice, no indignation, real or assumed, in her face. It
was not a threat she had made, merely a plain statement
of fact. That was all.

  “Could you?” I said encouragingly. “When we get
back to Earth, that is, of course.”

  She nodded. “You don’t seem to want to know why,”
she said.

  “I can guess. Influence, I suppose.”

  “My name,” she said, gloatingly, I thought. “I’d better
tell you that. I’m Paula Fontaine. My father—his name
may be not unfamiliar to you—happens to be president
of this company.”

  “Is that so?’ Well, here you are at B level. I fancy
you can find your own stateroom now. And—I tell you
this because you are no more than a child—remember this,
that at present you are no more than one passenger
amongst many and no exception to the regulations can be
made in your favor. What the shore-end may say when

the voyage is completed, I don’t know. None the less
quite a lot can happen between now and then.”

  She turned and looked at me contemplatively, with an
intense chilling stare that should have frozen me, though
it did not.

  “Is that a hint, or a threat, or something of the sort?”
she queried evenly.

  “No. Merely a reminder that the officers are running
this ship, not the passengers.”

  “Thank you. That’s all I wanted to know.”

  With that she left me abruptly, as though I and every-
thing connected with me had ceased to matter as far as
she was concerned.

  She tripped lightly down the shadowed corridor, turn-
ed and passed from my sight.

  The minx!

CHAPTER III

The Unforeseen Occurs

T MENTIONED the matter of the girl to Captain James
when next I had word with him. I did not go out of
my way particularly to seek him. The matter, from my
point of view, was not one of any pressing urgency, and
in the circumstances I was not anxious to make a moun-
tain out of a mole-hill.

  He laughed when I told him, softly, not mirthfully
enough to satisfy me.

  “You did right, of course, Grayne,” he said. “Quite
right. But”—he looked at me meaningly—“I’m better
pleased it was you than I. If the lady should decide to
complain to that father of hers . . He finished with
a gesture singularly expressive.

  “That’s nice of you to hint that,” I said, a trifle bitter-
ly. “But it’s coming to something if the passengers are
to be allowed to run the liner and go wherever they please
whenever they wish. I’d like to know what attitude I am
to adopt in the future. Am I to tell everyone I meet
that they’re on forbidden ground, or am I simply to carry
on as though I didn’t see them?”

  He paused a moment—I wonder what he would have
said or done had he known how fateful his decision was
to be?

  “I think we should make an exception in favor of Miss
Fontaine,” he said thoughtfully. “After all, it’s the cus-
tom of the trade, you know.”

  There was nothing to be said to that, so I left it, merely
remarking, “So long as she does not want to take up her
quarters in the observation room, I can’t see how the mat-
ter affects me.”

  I thought at first he was going to say something more
about it, he stared so long and quizzically at me, but when
he spoke it was on another matter.

  “How’s that lad, Hasken, shaping?” he asked.

  “Quite good,” I had to admit. “Better than I expected.
And he shows no sign of wishing to presume on his rela-
tives’ influence. Queer, though, Captain, that we should
have two on the one voyage, each with a big pull at head*
quarters.”

  “Not so much queer as a coincidence,” said Captain
James dryly, so dryly that I wondered if he knew anything
that I had not yet been told. I fancied he did. What it
was I could not surmise. I might have queried him on
the matter had he not changed the subject with a celerity
I was inclined to regard as rather suspicious. It was that
more than anything which made me imagine the subject
he was now broaching could be of little moment, merely
an excuse to steer me away from something about which
I might get far too curious.

  “I’ve been talking to the chief artificer, just before you
300	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

came in,” he said. “He was nearly fusing. Wants me to
rap somebody hard over the knuckles at the shore-end on
our return. Seems he’s been testing his spares and finds
they’ve worked a lot of defective wiring off on him.”
“Soriebody getting a rake-off out of it, I’ll be bound,”
I remarked. “Well, now he’s found trouble, he’ll be care-
ful and test everything before he makes repairs.”

  “That’s what I told him,” James said. “Anyway it’s
only in the spares. The ship itself has been new-wired
and is bound to be all right. You’ve struck no trouble?”
“None. Still any defect wouldn’t manifest itself except
under test for full load, and we’re not likely to carry
that under normal conditions.”

  “So I thought. Well, now about that swarm of meteor-
ites and Syrlis Major’s report on them ...”

   We went on to talk of technicalities ....

» • *

  The routine-laden hours drifted slowly by on leaden
wings. According to all calculations the orbit of the
meteoric swarm should intersect our route at midnight
that night, though actually the Sirius would not reach the
spot until three hours later.* At our present speed they
would be well away from us, and unless the swarm was
particularly large it was doubtful if we would even see
it. However, just to be on the safe side I decided to rear-
range the watches, take over myself about eleven, and
remain on duty until I was satisfied we had safely passed
the point of intersection.

  I don’t know what it was that sent me up to the obser-
vation room an hour or so sooner than was necessary. A
queer restlessness that I could not define, I suppose. Cer-
tainly it was no premonition of evil.

  I pushed open the door, then stopped dead on the thres-
hold. Hasken was not the only occupant of the room.
One of the officers I could have understood. There would
have been reason for his presence. But this ....

   It was the girl, Paula Fontaine!

SHE jumped quickly to her feet as I entered. I fancy
she realized she was doing wrong in being there at
all, for her face went scarlet. Hasken swung around—
I think he had been talking to her, though I had not heard
voices; at any rate he had not been attending to his work
—and his eyes traveled slowly from the girl’s face to
mine. No one said anything for the moment. Only a
tense silence hung in the air, drooped between us like a
curtain.

  “Well,” I said at length. It was the only thing I could
find to say short of storming at the pair, and this, for
more reasons than one, I had no intention of doing. I
thought I could sum up the situation neatly enough with-
out any explanation being given me. This boy holding
a responsible post, in charge of intricate and intriguing
machinery; this girl, attractive in her own way no doubt,
susceptible to admiration, capable of giving it, too, for
that matter. Human, both of them, the boy haloed, if
anything, by the prestige of his position. No more than
that, I felt sure.

  “I ... I did not expect you for ... so soon,” Hasken
said in an unsteady voice. The girl still said nothing,
remained a mute spectator, one hand whitely clutching
the chair back, the other clenched against her breast, the
cotor fled now from her cheeks, in her eyes a vague quer-
ulousness, as though she was doubtful what would be the
outcome of it all.

  I could have smiled at the boy’s answer, were it not
that the situation from one point of view was too serious
for anything of the sort. At least I could credit him with
having told the exact truth. He had not attempted to

•Actually there Is neither day nor night in free space, but for
convenience of reckoning the fiction of daylight and dark is
kept up and planet times adhered to during the voyage.

wriggle out of the difficulty by any subtle evasion that
might postpone the reckoning.

  “You should have known better.” I came in, and the
door slid closed behind me. “You have the lives of a
ship’s company in your care. A little carelessness . . . . ”

I did not finish. I was not angry, for it was not a situa-
tion where anger would be of any avail. Keeping my
head, gentling the pair, I might gain far more than I had
ever hoped to any other way, bring them to a sense of the
enormity of this transgression of discipline.

  “I know. I’m sorry. I realize it now.” Hasken’s voice
was toneless. I think he really meant what he said. He
had not realized it before. The girl perhaps had swept
him off his feet. She at least should nave known better.
Seemingly she did not.

  I turned to her. A touch of defiance had come into
her face now. What I said to her might not matter, but
she was plainly prepared to resent any suggestion that
the blame was wholly Hasken’s. She must take her due
share of it. She would, if I had any say in it.

  But what I had trembling on the tip of my tongue was
never uttered. As I turned I saw the flicker of a red light
dance out from one of the darkened bulbs ranged above
the bank of the control-keys, dance out and fade again.

A weak flare, such as comes from a weakening current.

  The girl followed my eyes, must have seen my face set
hard.

  “It’s the second time it’s done that,” she said, speaking
for the first time. “Just before you came in it flickered
like that.”

  Gods, of all the fools! If only they had told me.

  I crossed the room in two strides, pushed Hasken out
of his seat, and the girl moved out of my way so that she
was against the wall between me and the door. Feverishly
I touched one lever after another, control-r.oom, engine-
room and general quarters. Bells rang furiously all over
the ship.

  The white surface of the television screen lit up abrupt-
ly, showing me a view of space outside the ship. I caught
a glimpse of whirling black bodies, a trail of them, bear-
ing down on us, and in a moment of cold terror I swung
over the lever that would release the full force of the
repeller rays.

  There came a blinding flash; the room seemed filled with
whirling lights and the smell of burnt rubber. A defective-,
wire somewhere had failed to carry its load. The re-
peller ray was out of action, and outside the swarm was
bearing down on us with a speed perhaps equal to our
own.

  In that half second’s pause—I doubt if it was even
so much as that—the full meaning of it raced through my
mind. Some tramp skipper had kicked the swarm off
its orbit, perhaps with the full power of his repeller
rays, perhaps with a blast of his tubes, more likely with
both combined; had flattened out the curve of the swarm’s
trajectory, and had been too dilatory to broadcast a warn-
ing. But even that would not have mattered had Hasken
been paying attention to his work instead of entertaining
the girl.

  Yet in the last analysis it all came back to some defects
in the wiring. The installation as well as the spares
must have been of bad quality. The warning lamps had
merely flickered instead of filling the room with virulent
red, and to top it all off the power wires to the rays had
laid down the moment they were called on to carry the full
load.

  As I say my mind grasped all this in a fraction of time
almost too small to be measured by any accepted standard,
then on the heels of that the ship dipped and plunged, we
were thrown hither and thither, and abruptly I became
aware that the air was beginning to whistle from the room.
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	301

I MANAGED with an effort to get the door shut, and
pressed the studs that made h air-tight. Only just in
time. The atmosphere of the room felt thin already. I
gasped a little as I breathed. The girl was slumped on
the floor face downward. Whether she was injured or
not I could not say at a glance. To my amazement Hasken
had vanished. 1 could not make it out at first, it looked
so like magic. Then I recollected that I had last seen him
standing between me and the door. I even had a vague
impression that he had been leaning against it. Well, if
that were so he must have been flung by the impact out
into the corridor outside. The chances were that he was
already dead. I dared not investigate. To do so would
mean sacrificing the girl’s life and mine, probably need-
lessly.

  Long as it takes to tell, what had occurred could not
have occupied more than half-a-minute at the least. Yet
the room was already beginning to feel cool, the power
of the heaters was waning.

  The girl was climbing slowly to her feet, a look of in-
tense bewilderment on her face. She was not injured, that
much was obvious. The breath had merely been knocked
out of her, and she had lain for a second or so, dazed.

  “What has happened?” she asked in a queer dreamy
sort of voice.

  “I can’t explain now,” I said. “It will take too long.
Have you ever used a space-suit? Well, you’ll have to
climb into one now, and as quick as you can at that.”

  Emergency suits hung on hooks against one wall. I
drew down two, showed her how to get into hers, adjusted
the helmet on her head, and then put on mine. Even
should the freezing cold of space creep into the observa-
tion, as now seemed likely, we were secure against it
as long as the tiny motors in our suits ran to heat us, and
the air in our reserve tanks held out. At the best we had
some twelve to fifteen hours of life ahead of us in which
to do something to further prolong our existence.

  But once we had made ourselves temporarily secure I
cast about to see what exactly had happened to the ship.
Fortunately the television screen that gave us an outside
view could be run from batteries in an emergency, and
though the power was very weak it was enough for my
purpose. In a little I was able to scan the round of the
void outside.

  It was then I got my first big shock. The swarm of
meteorites had done greater damage than I had imagined.
Two sections of the Sirius, the fore part and amidships,
were drifting beneath us in the void, but for long I looked
in vain for the after part. Finally I located a number
of fragments scattered over a wide area, and from the dis-
position of them guessed much what must have happened.
The engines, located in that rear section, had exploded,
blowing the after part clear to bits. Not improbably it
was the kick of that explosion rather than any impact that
had thrown us about the room.

  The observation tower itself—more properly it was a
dome in shape—had, by some freak of chance, been shorn
clean off the parent body of the Sirius. We were now
floating free, a little world of our own adrift in space!

CHAPTER IV

Death by Inches!

THINK of it Twelve to fifteen hours to live at the
outside unless some miracle occurred. The rest of
our ship’s company, nearly a hundred between passengers
and crew, undoubtedly already dead. And such a little
thing to have caused it all. A defective piece of wiring.
Carelessness in inspection or carelessness in fitting—who
could say whose fault it was initially?

  The greater miracle though was the fashion in which
the swarm of meteorites had cut the ship in three and had
sliced our tower from the top of the hull. Actually none
of them had been clean cuts. Part of the marsonite alloy
of the Sirius still clung to the floor of the room we were
in, and I could see that the two remaining sections of the
ship showed jagged edges and gaping holes.

  I wasted no longer viewing than was necessary to tell
me what had happened. The emergency power units must
have been snuffed out in the ship as a man snuffs out a
candle, for ice was already coating thickly on the ragged
edges of the disrupted main sections. The air in the ob-
servation room, too, must have all escaped through some
undiscoverable filter-hole, some leak in roofing or deck-
ing, for the rime was thickening on the walls about us.
The sight brought the thought of a new terror to my
mind.

  While yet there was some power left in the emergency
sets I must try and signal in the faint hope that I might
be able to call attention to our plight I would have given
much for the use of the helio tubes with the full power of
the ship’s plant behind them. As it was I cou Id do no
more than send out a series of impulses with the weak
current left us, and trust to luck that they affected-some
ship’s recording instruments enough to be recognizable
for what they were. Futile hope.

  I worked till the current was exhausted and the tiny
glow faded to nothingness as the light in the tubes died
away. Then at length, having done what pitiful little I
could, I turned to the girl. I had not spoken to her since
we had donned our space-suits.

  “If you want to talk,” I said, “there’s nothing to stop
you. There are audiophones in these suits.”

  “Oh, I did not know. I’ve been wondering, afraid that
I might not be able to hear a human voice again. Tell
me—I’ve been blaming myself all of this lime—how much
of what has happened is my fault?”

  What could I say? I hesitated a little, then, deciding,
briefly told her the exact bitter truth.

  “I see,” she said. “In the end the blame goes back to
someone of whom we know nothing. But I can’t help
thinking—I shall never indeed be able to banish the idea
from my mind—that if I hadn’t done what I did, if I had
left him alone with his work, this—the worst of it—might
have been avoided.”

  “Perhaps,” I said gently—her voice sounded so broken,
so condemnatory of self—“if you had not come you would
not be alive now.”

  “Others as good—better—just as anxious to live, have
gone,” she answered bitterly. “For which I am not al-
together free from blame. To think that we two, of all
them, should be saved.”

  “Our safety isn’t altogether a matter of certainty yet,”
I pointed out. “It’s better that you should know the exact
truth. Our air-tanks will last a matter of twelve to fifteen
hours, mine the shorter, yours the longer period. Ques-
tion of physique . . . and other things account for the dif-
ference. I may be able to find extra cartridges to put in
the air-tanks. I’m not sure. Usually there should be a
reserve supply kept with the space-suits. But things
seem to have been scamped on this voyage somehow.”
“My father couldn’t have known it,” she asserted.
“When I get back ...” She stopped abruptly. “I mean
ij I get back,” she said lamely, “he shall hear of this.”
She made what perhaps she intended to be a movement
towards me, but in our practically weightless condition—
the gravity mechanism was dying with the rest of the
plant—it became no more than a grotesque plunge. 1
reached out, caught her by the arm of her space-suit, and
managed to anchor ourselves ... in a fashion.

  ‘Tell me,” she begged, “at the end of that time, those
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

hours you have mentioned, if no rescue comes, what will
happen then?”

  “Nothing much,” I said evenly. “We shall cease to
be, that is all. But"—why let her get morbid about it, I
reasoned—“all those hours have yet to run. Anything
may happen before they expire. I have sent out sig-
nals.” But I dared not tell her how weak they had been
at the start, how even in the end they had faded to mere
ghosts of themselves, faint, futile things. I left her one
shred of hope to which to cling. Humanity insisted that
I did at least that.

  “A ship may have heard you,” she suggested. “A liner,
perhaps a Guard-ship. The void, they say, is crowded
nowadays.”

  A mere figure of speech, a pardonable exaggeration.
Only those who have crossed it this way and that know
of the uncharted infinities of space and the difficulty of
finding in it such motes as we were. I had no means in-
deed of knowing how far from the narrow space-lane we
may have been shot by the combined explosion of the
rocket engines and the impact of the meteorites. For all
I could say to the contrary we may have been a few thou-
sand miles off our course. Most probably we were.

(Illustration by Paul)

HAD we had something to occupy our minds things
might not have seemed so bad. But there was noth-
ing to do save sit down and wait. The seconds dragged
slowly away; the minutes were of immeasurable length;
the hours stretched to infinity ....

  As time progressed and nothing happened the girl’s first
sanguine hopes sank steadily. Mine had never been very
high, even at the start. She had grown curiously sub-

   “I caught a glimpse of whirling black bodies,
  a trail of them bearing down upon us.”

dued, more than a little ashamed of herself, too. I could
see that. She had come to realize that her own place on
the Earth, the wealth and power of her father counted
for nothing against the awfulness of the cosmic doom
slowly creeping towards us. I, a nonentity, would fare
just as well or as ill as she. Fate would make no dis-
crimination between us.

  I felt sorry for her. I came to realize it very gradually,
piecing this thing she said to that at which she hinted.
For an hour or two at the beginning I had busied myself
taking an inventory of everything in our little cabin.
There was not much, certainly nothing that could be of
any use. Such mechanisms as there were depended on
power. With the power gone they were simply inanimate
metal. I could do nothing save sit with folded arms.
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	303

  How long the little motors that heated our suits would
run I could not say. Twenty-four hours I imagined. It
did not matter. They would outlast us, at any rate.

  One thing I found. A reserve air cartridge. Only one,
no more. Had there been two .... But there were not.

  I said nothing about my discovery, decided to think the
matter over first. Only one of us could use it, to only
one of us could be given the chance of a few extra hours of
life. But the question was which. I doubted very much if
there was the least possibility of our being rescued at
all. Suppose I did turn the extra cartridge over to the
girl, gave her that much extra chance of life, what good
would it do? In that case I certainly would pass out
first. She would be left to face alone the choking horror
of the end drawing nearer with each breath she took. The
terror of it might well drive her out of her mind.

  I decided to say nothing at all about it.

  I might have saved myself the trouble of coming to
this decision. I should have known that though the daugh-
ter of Jens Fontaine might be many things of which one
certainly did not approve, she at least would be no fool.
Through the thick glassite view-plate of her helmet’s front
she had watched my every movement, had said nothing,
but bad drawn her own conclusions. She asked no ques-
tions, merely waited until I showed by my attitude that
I felt there was nothing left that I could do.

  “Tell me,” she said at length, “what lies ahead of
us?”

  “What do you mean?” I asked, wondering.

  “You were looking round the cabin, examining many
things, with the hope, I presume, of finding something
that might be of help to us. You come back here to me,
seeming to have found nothing. Is that so, I wish to
know?

  A touch of the imperious in her tone which I was too
utterly mind-weary to resent. Her phrasing was more
that of a demand than a question. Adversity had not quite
tamed her yet. I doubted if ever it would. I’m afraid I
liked her none the less for this display of spirit; equally
it irked me when directed at myself. Today when we have
advanced so far and so perfected the mechanical side of
our civilization there is one thing we have not altered,
would not if we could. When it comes to a crisis the fun-
damentals of human nature remain the same whether the
time be the Stone Age or the Scientific Era. Few would
have it else.

  I had not the will to fight against her insistence. Some-
thing that should have been unyielding in me had snapped
in the last few minutes. I felt a compelling urge that die
should be told. Yet I did not answer her. It was easier
not to.

  She caught me by the arm. Through the insulated
fabric of my sleeve I could feel the hard pressure of her
mailed hand.

  “I saw you pick up something,” she said. “I know lit-
tle of the ways of space-ships—I admit that. If I did I
would not have been such a fool as I have been—but what
I saw looked like the cartridges in our tanks. I believe it
was one, am almost certain of it, in fact. Tell me—I
insist on this—was it an unused one or not?”

  I did not answer. She tugged at my arm.

  “Tell me, tell me,” she insisted.

  “What does it matter?” I said wearily.

  Of a sudden she pressed the glassite pane of her helmet
close to mine. It was the only way she could see my eyes.
I believe she fancied she could read there the truth of
things.

  “1 think,” she said, ever so slowly and deliberately,
“that it was an unused cartridge. I think, too, that you
would have said nothing until you slipped it into my tank

and it was too late for me to refuse. I think all that, be-
cause it seems to me that you are that kind of a man.”

NICE praise from the girl who only a day or so ago
had told me she had the power to get me disrated
for insolence! I had it on the tip of my tongue to ask
her if—should a miracle occur—we got back to Earth
would she change her mind and influence my promotion.
But I did not. Now at least she was sincere in wbat she
was saying—that I knew without a doubt—and so I had
better let the matter rest

  “Perhaps so, perhaps not,” I said under pressure.
More than that I would not admit.

  “Well, as you wish, tell me or not. But now I have
my suspicions. You may not sacrifice your life in the
effort to preserve mine. You understand that? And—
would you think the suggestion overbold, the sort of thing
in keeping with what you have learnt to expect from me
—if I asked that as the end draws near we may creep
closer together, die as it were in ... in each other’s com-
pany?”

  Perhaps she intended another word in place of that
last Perhaps she did, yet thought the mouthing of it
might sound overbold—her own phrase—and chose in-
stead of “arms” the less intimate euphemism.

  “Don’t talk of dying,” I said sharply. “We have not
come to that yet.”

  She shook the ungainly bulk of her helmet slowly.
“There is nothing else,” she answered. “I have thought
it out. The chance of our being rescued—specks of dust
afloat in the infinite—is a very remote one indeed.”

  It accorded so well with my own conclusion that I felt
I could say nothing counter to it without betraying the
worst of my fears.

  The hours dragged on. It seemed to be getting colder.
Perhaps the power of the motors heating our suits was
beginning to run down. Perhaps we were feeling weak
from want of food and drink. Our spirits no doubt were
flagging. The thinning air from our tanks was having
its effect on us. Soon the curtain would fall. But be-
fore it did ....

  I hauled myself slowly to my feet. We were weightless
now. I dare not use up the power of the motors to give
our suits an artificial gravity. Besides it would not mat-
ter one way or the other. Carefully I hauled myself
across the cabin, moving from one hand-hold to another,
seized the cartridge and giving it a gentle push let it
float back towards the girl. She tried to grasp it, mis-
calculated, and shot towards the ceiling, floating there
helplessly.

  I anchored myself with one hand, with the other reached
up, caught her ankle and without an effort drew her
down. The cartridge was still floating about in the weight-
less void. I recovered it.

  I had her anchored in the crook of my arm. Before
she quite realized what I was doing I had reached up,
plunged the cartridge into the clip of the tank on her
back, and pressed the tiny lever that allowed its contents
to pass into the tank. It took about one second and a half
to do it all.

  She threw herself away from me. If I had been able
to see her face I would not have been surprised to find it
dark with anger. Her voice shook when she spoke.

  “You’re a fool,” she said, “but a dear chivalrous fool,
and I love and respect you for it. You’ve given me a
longer span of life than yourself, but—”

  “But what?” I asked, as she paused.

  “It does not matter,” she answered. “It was something
I had better not say, that is all. Will you please show me
how to read these gauges?”

  I hesitated. If I did she would know just how long she
304

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

 could expect to exist, could watch each minute flitting away
 and know the end was drawing ever nearer, could tell
 almost to the second when life should be snuffed out at
 last.

   “Don’t add a further foolishness to what you have al-
 ready done,’’ she said, almost angrily. “Please tell me.
 I am not afraid to know.”

   Seeing she put it that way .... I showed her how the
 little dials worked, and how to read the movements of
 their tiny hands. She stared at hers, and compared them
 with mine.

 “And this?” She touched a tiny little arrangement like
 a stop-cock situated close to the dials. “What is it?”
 “Don't touch it,” I almost shouted, and her hand fell
 away. ‘That’s a valve for deflating the suit, altering the
 ressure, letting the air out altogether when necessary,
 ut keep your hands away from it”

   “Like this?” she said quickly, and turned it. Through
 the audiophones I heard the hiss of escaping air.

   “Turn it off, quickly,” I cried, and lurched toward her.
 “Keep back,” she said determinedly. “If you don’t,
 I’ll wrench the valve completely off, and settle everything
 in the one action.”

   I held my hand. I was so sure she meant it. The deter-
 mination in her voice alone would have told me that.

   “But, Gods!” I cried in an agony of dread, “Do you real-
 ize what you are doing?”

   She glanced at the dial. “I do,” she said, and closed the
 valve. “I refuse to take an unfair advantage of you—
 that’s what it amounts to—and I’ve let out so much air that,
 as near as I can gauge, we are now running a level. A
 few minutes either way, but what does that matter? At
 least your heroics will not mean my salvation at your
 expense.”

   Of all the fool things I’ve ever seen or heard of this
 was the worst. The sort of thing she would do. It was
 quite in keeping with what of her character I had seen. An
 odd blend of heroism and insanity. Well, nothing was to
 be done about it now. The air she had released bad no
 doubt seeped out into space.

   Time passed ....

   ... I drew her close to me, my arm about her, the un-
 gainly helmet pillowed against the fabric of the shoulder
 of my suit I was finding a difficulty in breathing. I
 think it was the same with her.

   She spoke once. “This,” she said, finding voice with
 an effort, “makes up for all my regrets. I have none
 now. I have paid for everything.”

   I was not quite sure what she meant.

   The air in my helmet became heavier, fouler, more
 mephitic. Something in my head seemed straining to
 burst. My heart was pounding. Lights danced before
 my dazzled eyes. An inexorable pressure increased about
 my throat like an iron band constricting.

   Gods, this was asphyxiation!

   Something in my head twanged like a taut piano wire
 suddenly struck. Then came oblivion.

CHAPTER V

A Secret Journey

E’S coming round.”

 “I didn’t think he would. It’s been a near thing
 with him, touch and go.”

 I opened my eyes to the sound of voices in my ears,
 men’s voices. For the moment, such was the utter confus-
 ion of mind into which I had been thrown, I found it
 hard to disentangle one memory from another. I had an
 idea that this was a hospital of sorts, for the air seemed

 full of those mixed odors that one invariably associates
 with a sick bay.

   “An infernal nuisance,” said the first voice. “We’ll
have to take him with us. We can’t put back now.”

   “Hush, he’ll hear you,” said the other. “He’s stirring.”

   My eyes came right open. It cost me an effort, but it
was worth it to see for myself that I was back in the world
of men again. Recollection of those last crowded sec-
onds flooded back to me, the foul mephitic odor of bad
air still seemed to linger faintly in my nostrils.

   But this, what was it?

  “Where am I?” I asked, a trifle weakly, I should
imagine.

   The man who had spoken first, a spare, lean-faced man
bent over me.

   “You’ve been rescued, saved just in the nick of time,”
he told me. ‘That much will have to do for the pre-
sent. You’re in no condition to talk now.”

   “But the other ... my friend .... the girl with me?”
I queried.

   I saw one man nod to the other. “Better tell him,” and
at the words my heart—oddly—missed a beat.

   “Oh, she’s all right,” came the reply. “Better than you
by a long sight. Not so far gone when we found you.
More air in her tanks. Perhaps she didn’t consume so
much.”

   I smiled. I had to, when I thought of Paula Fontaine’s
lung capacity compared with mine.

   “She’s alive then?”

  “And almost ready to get about. You may see her—
later—when I think you’re both fit enough for it. Mean-
while, it’s enough to know you’re mending rapidly. I’m
anxious to hear your tale, but it, too, will have to
wait, just as ours will. Food? Perhaps you feel fam-
ished?”

   The other, a short man, inclined to be stout, inter-
posed before I could answer.

   “In a little, John,” he said. “Leave that to me. Better
let him rest a further while. He’ll enjoy creature com-
forts all the more then.” To me he said, “We’ll come back
in an hour or so, and see then what needs to be done. You
will be watched. Someone will look in every little while.
Not that there’s any danger. You’ve passed that point
now. Meanwhile, if you wish for anything touch this
bell . . . but only in an emergency, you understand.”

   He pointed to a bell-stud set in the wall near the head
of my cot I could just reach it.

   They left me, a prey to conflicting speculations. I was
past wanting further sleep, content merely to lie there and
turn over things in my mind. So Paula was alive. That
was good news. What had been done then had not been
altogether in vain. But where were we?

   On a space-ship, that much was obvious. Both men had
worn a uniform of sorts. They did not belong to a liner,
however. I knew all the space companies’ insignia.
Neither were they of the Interplanetary Guard. There was
none of the stark simplicity of that service about this
room, hardly a sign of disciplinary marks on the faces of
the men themselves. Anyway no Guard ever goes without
his uniform unless he is on leave, and that uniform itself
shouts its owner’s trade halfway across the Universe.

   Then who were they? I could think of no answer, save
one that did not altogether fit in with possibilities. They
might be space vandals, such things were not unknown
even in these enlightened days, but I was hardly pleased
with this solution of the problem. Yet their secrecy, their
evident unwillingness to tell me too readily the name of
their ship and their possible destination hinted at some-
thing not for general consumption.

   I gave it up. It was pleasant to rest here and know
that the danger was over, pleasant to idle and dream, too
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	805

much of a fag to speculate when the data on which to
build was almost a minus quantity.

  I must have dozed. Perhaps I even slept. I had no
idea of time, you see. A hand on my forehead, a whis-
pered voice close to my ear awoke me. Likely though I
had been more than half awake already.

  “You!” I exclaimed.

  “You mustn’t get excited,” said Paula Fontaine. “They
allowed me in for five minutes to see you on just that one
condition. I think they can hear you; I would not be
surprised if they could hear and see everything we said
and did.”

  “We’ll take the chance of that,” I said sturdily. Never-
theless I lowered my voice a tone or so. “Tell me, well,
everything you can. I can listen, that won’t be breaking
the bargain.”

<<'T1 HERE'S not much to tell,” she said, smiling. “We’re
both alive and well, and that’s the main thing
after all. They say there’s no danger with you now
Pm glad for that Myself, I don’t know.” Her forehead
wrinkled, a light I did not care to see came into her eyes.
“I can’t get the feeling out of my head that I was much
to blame. If I’d only had the sense .... Vain, like a pea-
cock, seeker of new sensations, proud to have a man like
Hasken—poor dead boy—dance attendance on me to the
neglect of his duty. Could that girl be I? It seems so
long ago. I seem to have learnt so much in the inter-
val. Outgrown her, lost patience with her follies and her
wilfulness. Can one be cured of that overnight, sobered
in an instant?”

  “If I were you I wouldn’t think of that part of it,” I
told her.

  The tragedy had left its impression on her. She seemed
older, steadier .... but at what a price! Gone was the
drooping pettishness of the mouth, the chill of contempt
in the eyes. Instead a warm friendliness. So I took it to
be.

  “I’ll try not to, as you wish it so.”

  “For your own sake, do. But tell me what have you
learned about this ship, our rescuers, their destination,
anything — . ?”

  “Little,” she said. “They’re uncommunicative. Oh,
they sighted us all right. I fancy they must have been
keeping a sharp look-out. Then, too, from the little
they’ve said I imagine their instruments are considerably
more up-to-date than ours were on the Sirius. Seems they
had to cut through the glassite of the observation dome to
get us out cut through with a blow-pipe.”

  “But how?” I queried. “I couldn’t imagine them work-
ing that way in free space.”

  “Neither could I. So I asked them. They told me that
much. Seems they clamped the dome up against their air-
lock port with their magnetic attractors, sealed the edges
against air-loss, and worked that way. Cut a section out
and rescued us, just in time.”

  “But, however did they know there was anyone inside?
Did they just take a chance?”

  She shook her head. “They told me they saw us,” she
answered.

  “Saw us?” I could hardly credit that The dome was
of stout glassite, not transparent. Our observations had
been done through view-plates. How could they then see
through an impervious substance?

  “Saw us?” she repeated. “Yes, that is what they said.
I didn’t pry. They may tell us or they may not.”

  “And the ship? Its name, have you got that?”

  “They didn’t tell me. They were inclined to be evasive
about it.

  “And their destination?”

  She smiled, a little sadly. “That was the one thing they

told me flatly was their secret.... for the time being at
least. They said it quite nicely, but. . . .” The way she
left the sentence unfinished indicated a vague fear in her
mind.

  “Don’t worry,” I assured her. “Wherever it is, we’re
going there. I know that much. I heard one of them
say as I came out of my stupor that we would have to
come, that it was too late now for them to turn back and
put us off. So now we’ll know soon enough.”

  “But my people, my father will be worrying.”

  “I’m sorry for that. Later perhaps we may be able to
do something about it. But I.... I have no one to worry
over me ... . anywhere!”

  “I’m sorry. I’m selfish, thinking of myself. But do you
think that .... that you have no one anywhere who will
worry over you?”

  “Perhaps not now,” I admitted. “It is coming to me
that in that regard I am not altogether alone in the
world.”

  She caught my hand, leaned forward, a light in her
eyes ....

  The door opened softly, yet not so softly that we did
not hear it The tall, lean-faced man was standing there.
His eyes fell on Paula. His look was not unkindly.

  “Pardon me if I interrupt,” he said, “but we have defin-
ite orders against exciting our friend. Also I wish to talk
to him, if 1 may.”

  There was just the faintest undercurrent of sarcasm in
his voice, a gentle note of irony that yet was too fleeting
a thing to resent Paula rose to her feet.

  “I’ll go,” she said shortly, but the glance she flung me
showed that any annoyance she felt was not with me.

  “If you please.” Suave, polite, the other stood aside
to let her pass, held the door open for her, and closed it
carefully after she had gone.

  He came back to my side.

  “Well?” I said.

  “May I introduce myself? My name is John Rifflin.
I am commander of this ship. I know something of you
.... your name . .. .The girl has told us a little, mainly
that she is a Fontaine.”

  I did not quite like his tone when he spoke of Paula,
yet I had sense enough to realize that any grudge he might
hold—it seemed not unlikely that there was one—was
rather against the name than the present possessor of it.

OLD JENS FONTAINE had not made himself loved
in his dealings with his employees. Witness my own
dissatisfaction. It was whispered that it was the aim of
himself and his company to dominate Transport, to gather
under the one control all forms of conveyance whether
on the surface of the planets or in the void. An ambition
that not unnaturally most people resented, even while they
remained powerless to frustrate it. If he succeeded it
would mean that no one could run and operate even the
smallest private space- or aero-car except under a license
from the corporation in which he was the dominant fig-
ure. Only the Guards would be free from interference,
and who could say that they might not eventually come
under control, their reputation for disinterested integrity
gone at last?

  ‘That much is correct,” I remarked, seeing that I was
expected to say something.

  “It is unfortunate,” Rifflin went on. “I would prefer
not to have a Fontaine, of all people, on my ship at this
particular juncture.”

  “The solution’s simple enough then. Land us at the
nearest planet port.”

  “I’m afraid it can’t be done. It’s about that mainly that
I wished to speak to you. But first tell me something
about yourself, your life, your hopes and your ambitions.”
306	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  I don’t know why I yielded. Perhaps there was some-
thing magnetic about the man. Or I may have had a
vague feeling that it was in my best interests to do so.
At least I told him what little there was to tell about
myself. It seemed to satisfy him.

  A thought struck me. “You said I was not to be ex-
cited. You sent Miss Fontaine away, I presume, because
of that.” I asked a question with my expression.

  Rifflin smiled. “And I also said that I wished to speak
to you. Have no fear. I don’t mean to excite, merely
interest you. There’s a difference. However .... Navi-
gational officer, you are, you say. Well, you may come
in useful, Mr. Grayne. Extremely so. We’ve only one
on board, though of course we’re all more or less com-
petent men. Still the expert, whose daily business the
navigation is, is always the more reliable.”

  “Captain,” I said—it seemed time that we had this
matter out between us— “it looks as though we aren’t
particularly welcome visitors on board. We’ve come
here through no fault of our own, that you must admit.
But seeing a situation has arisen not altogether to your
liking, suppose we try and face it. In other words, do
you mind telling me plainly, bluntly, just why you find us
undesirables?”

  “I thought that was coming,” he chuckled. “I do not
know that your presence is so very undesirable after all.
The trouble lies in its implications more than anything
else. You want plain words, however. I’ll give them to
you.

  “We are engaged on an expedition—of exploration,
colonization, or conquest—whichever you care to call it.
We are acting under the orders of the Council.* There
has been a good deal of secrecy about it. Naturally. I

Esume you understand something of the situation that
developed of recent years. The Council are supposed
to be supreme; they are chosen for their integrity, and not
infrequently they have been members of the Guards. They
have dealt well and fairly with the Confederation. They
have placed the welfare of their peoples before anything
else, and consistently refused to allow them to be ex-
ploited for purely commercial ends.

  The big corporations like the Interplanetary Company
don’t like that. They are working in subtle ways to under-
mine the present system. They may succeed or they
may not. If they had been able, they would almost cer-
tainly have prevented us from starting. Had they known
enough, Transport, with Fontaine at the head of it, would
have tried to cripple our ship sooner than let us get
away.”

  “I presume,” I interrupted, “that you are heading for
one of the unexplored Outer Planets. There have been
rumors about, you know.”

  “But nothing definite. No one could say anything with
any degree of certainty. However .... Had we been ham-
pered at the start, our take-off postponed so that a ship
of the Interplanetary Company could have got away first,
imagine what might have come about. A new world
taken possession of, opened up for colonization and ex-
ploitation, all in the name of the Interplanetary Company
or one of its kindred corporations. They would be able
no doubt to keep the new world out of the Confederation,
perhaps ultimately to break it up, or more probably
mould it to their wishes. You understand?”

  I did. It was not hard to visualize possibilities. New
metals, new peoples, perhaps new scientific wonders, all
tending to strengthen the hands of the corporations. Of
course in our close-knit universe there always is a source
of danger in a world in'contact with us, but outside our

•The Council of Throe: a Venuslan, a Martian and an Earth-
man. the supreme governing body of the confederation of the
three Inner Planets. The system on which they are elected
Is modeled on that of the Presidential elections of the
United Slates.

circle of alliances. A world that might give the cor-
porations such power as they had never held before. No
need to enlarge on it. At least I could see quite plainly
why each new world must be protected from the beginning
from those who would exploit it for their own ends, and
through it the known universe. The history of discovery
and exploration in our own planet bristled with warnings
enough.

  “Go on,” I said. “I’m getting interested in this.”
“We made our plans under Council orders. We work-
ed in secrecy, gathering material for our expedition. No
one save the Council and the actual members of the ex-
pedition knew just where the real preparations were going
forward. We had dummy camps in Alaska, in Matto
Grosso, and in the Sahara. Our real jumping-off place,
however, was in the dead heart of Australia, the one con-
tinent where we were almost certain to be free from
spies and chance supervision. Yet something must have
got out towards the end. Attempts were made to reach
and delay us. We could not afford to wait. We hurried
on our preparations and took off sooner than we had
planned. As a consequence in certain respects we were
not able to carry out our plans as we had intended.”
“But isn’t there just a possibility that your rivals will
send a ship on your track?”

  Rifflin shook his head. “Not now. We have got away.
If they could have delayed us there might have been a
different tale to tell. But they have no ship in commission
capable of doing the distance, and carrying the necessary
supplies. It would have taken them months to build one
.... This, indeed, was the reason why they were most
anxious to delay us at the start. But here we are . . . .
Outward Bound. You know so much now. You would
have found all this out sooner or later, but I and my
colleague decided to take the chance and tell you at once.
Concealing nothing. In return may I ask what allegiance
you owe to the Company that employed you?”

  I made a wry grimace. “I’ve no particular love for
them,” I told him. “I was seriously considering the ad-
vantages of leaving their service. Too much influence
against me.”

  “So? None the less you’ve given them of your best
despite that? Perhaps I should not ask that. Putting it
bluntly, are you willing to take service with us and give
us your loyalty?”

  I thought round that. Almost certainly I would not
get another ship when I got back. My service had been
terminated automatically in all probability. But there
were other factors to be considered, matters not altogether
unconnected with the girl, Paula.

  “I can promise you service and unquestioning loyalty un-
til we return to Earth,” I said at length. “If you wish I
can add that such discoveries as the expedition makes
will be kept secret by me as long as you require.”

  Rifflin laughed. “No need to promise that latter,” he
informed me. “The more publicity our discoveries re-
ceive on our return, the more the hands of our rivals
will be tied. What we had most to fear was that dis-
coveries might be made by private expeditions and kept
secret for the use of those who financed them. No, your
promise that I asked is all that we require.”

  “And the girl, Paula?” I asked.

  “A Fontaine.” He frowned this time. “You think some-
thing of her?”

  I nodded.

“It is awkward,” he mused. “A Fontaine, of all people.
Does she in her turn think sometliing of you?”

  I hesitated. What could I say? A look, the touch of
a hand, a sentence whispered, but not finished. Such
frail things on which to build up hopes.

  “I believe so,” I said, and left it at that.
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	307

  He looked at me curiously. “Not quite sure, are you?”

  I passed that by. “At least she cannot harm us,” I
pointed out. “For my part I think much of her. If I
could go surety for her in some way . . . . ”

  Rifflin shrugged his shoulders. “It may not be neces-
sary,” he said. “If any such idea arose, it would be that
she should be surety for you .... But you have given your
word. We shall have to talk it over, my colleague and I.
The question though may not arise until it is necessary for
us to return to Earth.”

  There fell a silence. Apparently he had nothing more
to say.

  “I can give a good guess where we are going,” I said.
“As I told you—despite your secrecy—there were rumors
about. But I would like to hear from your own lips your
destination.”

  “As you already seem to know,” he smiled, “there is no
harm in telling you. Our intended destination is Planet
8.”

  Neptune! So Brent had been right after all.

CHAPTER VI

Toward Jupiter!

I WAS allowed up after the lapse of two more periods of
twenty-four hours. The short, stout man—he introduced
himself as Johnson, the ship’s doctor—pronounced me fit
then, and capable of taking up the running. He informed
me that I would feel no ill after-effects of my adventure
now. I could have told him that. In my own mind I was
certain that I had been kept to my cabin longer than was
absolutely necessary, and I quested about for a reason.

  Thinking it over the only conclusion I could come to
was that Rifflin’s conversation had by no means clinched
matters, and that sundry other tests, of whose nature I
was ignorant, had no doubt been applied before they felt
satisfied about me. I could hardly blame them for their
caution. You see, they had to take a good deal of my
loyalty on trust. Apparently, however, my reactions had
been favorable, and they were now prepared to allow me
the run of the ship.

  I had not seen Paula Fontaine since the day she had
left me to give place to Rifflin, and I wondered what had
happened to her in the meantime. The chances were that
her absence was part of my treatment. Such questions as
I asked about her were answered with apparent candour,
though I seemed to sense some undercurrent of evasive-
ness. The thought did strike me that she was ill, but I
resolutely thrust it from me, mostly because it was not
the sort of idea I cared to dwell on. So great a hold had
the girl already got on my mind!

  She was waiting for me, however, as soon as I emerged
from my cabin, and she started towards me with a welcom-
ing smile on her face.

  “They wouldn’t let me near you,” was her greeting. “I
wanted to see you again, to see for myself how you were
getting on. But they told me that you must be left alone.
Then just now they said you were coming out, that if I
went up for you I could see you and have a talk.”

  “I’m glad.” It seemed banal but it was the first thing
that came into my head. “They must expect us, must
mean us to have a talk then. It looks so like a hint.” I
wondered how much she knew, and how much of what
she did not I should tell her. At least I had not promised
to keep secret from her the nature of my conversation with
Rifflin.

  “How much,” I asked bluntly, “have you learned about
this expedition?”

  “About all there is to know,” she answered. Then
at my look of surprise, “Oh, I know it doesn’t seem the

thing to trust the daughter of Jens Fontaine, but what can
I do? Even if I wished to do something to harm them.
Which I don’t. On the contrary. I think I have convinced
them of my sincerity. What I told them must have satis-
fied them.”

  “And what was that?” I asked curiously.

  “No. No. I mustn’t tell you .... yet. Some day per-
haps . . . . ”

  “Concerning me, perhaps?”

  She hesitated. “A little. Yes, in a way.”

  I left it at that. No use forcing her now. Vaguely I
wondered what it was. I might have guessed, though I
did not. In some things men can be wonderfully dense.

  “But now”—6he caught my arm—“we all have our ap-
pointed places on board. I have mine as well as you ....
work, to do. I must get back to it.”

  “You! Work!”

  “Yes, I’m sort of a cook, in the kitchen. I asked for
it... . something to do .... to work my passage. They
seemed glad of my offer.”

  I stared at her. Was this the girl I had met wandering
round the control level of the Sirius that night we had left
the Earth? I could hardly believe it. Yet before our ad-
ventures were over I was to believe stranger things of
her.

  She saw the amazement on my face—work and she must
hitherto have been such strangers!—and she smiled oddly.
A queer trembling of the lips, shy, shame-faced even.

  “But that doesn’t matter,” she went on with a tiny
quiver in her voice. “I must go now. I’ll see you again
later, but”—again came that odd trembling—“I won’t
bother you in the control room. I’ve learned my les-
son.”

  Then quickly she was gone, flitting down the corridor
out of sight.

  I was not sure where I should head, but I was saved the
trouble of wandering idly, for no sooner had the girl
gone than Rifflin came towards me. He must have passed
her on the way, and the idea flitted through my mind that
he had been watching and waiting until we were done.

  “Grayne,” he began, “I’m sorry to hustle you, but—
feeling fit, are you?—I’d like you to take over some duties
at once.”

  “Navigational?” I said, and he nodded with a quick
jerk of the head.

  “This way,” he said, and led me along the corridor, and
up to another level. On the way he explained, “We’ve a
man in charge, working from the plotted course—you
know the system?”

  “A sort of quartermaster?” I presumed they followed
the routine more or less common on all space-liners.

  “Yes. He’s in charge now. We’ve been working out
things between us this last twenty-four hours.”

  “But your navigational officer?” Something in his
manner struck me as queer.

HE looked me straight in the eyes, and then I saw what
I had not noticed before, that his face was white and
tense.

  “We have none now until you take over,” he said un-
steadily. “Adams—our man—died an hour ago.”
“Died?” I echoed. “An accident?”

  “No. The seng-sickness.* He caught it years ago in

•Sena-sickness: A Venuslan disease, by some supposed to be
malarial in its nature. The Venuslans themselves seldom ex-
perience more than mild bouts, though it attacks Earthmen
with particular virulence. Strangely enough the Martians are
almost immune. The sole cure—at any rate the most suc-
cessful—consists in direct exposure to the sun’s rays In at-
mosphere. Nowadays sun-ray plants have been erected to
deal with It In all Earth colonic3 on Venus. Seng-slckness in
its final stages, when the body begins to turn purple Is par-
ticularly nauseating to the victim's attendants. Rifflin, no
doubt, had this in mind in his reference to Miss Fontaine’s
work.
308	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

Venus, got over it—the usual treatment—and reckoned he
was cured. But they say it gets into the blood and may
remain dormant there for years. He was quite all right
when we left Earth, but just about the time we picked
you up he took ill. Maybe it was the close confinement
of the ship and the air we’re using that did it. Stirred up
the germs in his blood perhaps. We couldn’t save him,
though we tried all means at our disposal. Even Miss
Fontaine .... She nursed him, you know?”

   “She didn’t tell me that.”

  “No? Perhaps she’s that sort of girl. I’m beginning
to fancy she is. However, here we are .... ”

  He opened the door. The room was more or less famil-
iar to me as far as its appointments went, though I could
see even at a glance that most of the instruments embod-
ied improvements on those to which I was used. The dif-
ferences however would present no difficulty.

  “And just precisely where are we now?” I asked.

   “Crossing the asteroidal belt.”

  “Through it?”

  Rifflin shook his head. “No, above it. When Adams
went sick we decided it was too risky to go through, see-
ing the state our navigational calculations were in, so we
lifted to a higher ceiling. We’re above the average plane
of the orbit. It’s probably thrown our calculations a bit
out of gear, but you’ll easily pick up, I should imagine.”

  I nodded. It would mean a good deal of involved work-
ing, and probably the recasting of the table of our rela-
tions to Jupiter, so the sooner I got down to it the better.
The attractive power of that world was not the sort of thing
one could take liberties with. However, with the help of
the standard logarithm calculations I thought I could
get it out in reasonable time.

  “But someone had better check me through step by
step,” I suggested. “I suppose you’ve got some one who
can.”

  “Of course, we’re all more or less competent in that
regard, though none of us has done navigational work as
a regular thing. Perhaps I’d better set to myself with
you as I’m here on the spot.”

  It was tedious work, but at length it was done to our
joint satisfaction, and I turned to putting the results into
practice. Rifflin remained with me, so that he might ex-

Edain any new gadgets that were unfamiliar to me. Actual-
y there was nothing whose precise function I did not un-
derstand, but practically all the instruments were of
greater precision and admitted of more fineness than those
I was used to on the space-liners. Also, an added dif-
ference, signals was not a department by itself. All the
transmission work was done from the room I now occu-
pied.

  I wondered why Rifflin should have gone out of his
way to show me the transmitting apparatus. If I had
the faintest intention of sending out signals without his
or his colleagues’ knowledge he was going the right way
to put temptation in front of me. I need not have given
myself the trouble of speculating about it. Sooner than
I expected it was made plain to me that either way one
cared to look at it he was taking comparatively little
risk.

  It was some time later, however, before he broached
the subject

  “Have you any friends or relatives who might be wor-
rying about you?” he asked casually.

  “No,” I said. I did not quite realize at the moment
what he was driving at

  “I see. No one in the whole of the Universe whose
mind might be made the easier for knowing that you are
still alive?”

  “No one, absolutely ao one,” I told him, “unless, of

course, you take Miss Fontaine into consideration. But
then she’s on the ship.”

  “I’ve been thinking about her,” Rifflin confessed. “In
fact we all have. If you’d seen the way she stuck to it the
last twelve hours or so, helping nurse Adams . . .. ” He
made a wry grimace. “A man in the last stages of seng-
sickness is not a pretty sight, and she’s no trained nurse
either. Our estimation of her has gone up a good many
notches as the result of that”

HE paused. “Well?” I said. I felt something fairly
momentous was coming.

  “It’s a pity she’s a Fontaine,” he went on. “A pity
Jens Fontaine is her father. None the less I suppose he
has human feelings, can know human anxieties and wor-
ries where his own are concerned. A mother perhaps ...”
“Her mother is dead,” I interrupted. “I can tell you that.”
“Good. It simplifies things a bit then. However, see-
ing how she’s behaved I think that in her own interests—
she might be worrying because her father might believe
her dead—it would be a good thing to send him word.”

  I stood aghast. It looked so like an abrupt abandoning
of those principles of caution that seemed to have char-
acterized the expedition from the first. Rifflin must have
read the surprise in my face, for he chuckled softly.

  “Oh, no,” he said, “I’ve no intention of sending off a
message to the old man to the effect that his daughter
and a man named Grayne, sole survivors from the wreck
of the Sirius, are at present on board the Interplanetary
Council’s space-vessel Icarus, safe and sound, somewhere
in the vicinity of the asteroidal belt, and heading for
Planet 8. Nothing of the sort”

  “Then how?”

  “It’s quite simple. The message will contain all that
he need know, that his daughter is alive and well, that
she has been rescued by a ship which should return her
to Earth within six months, and that he has no need to
worry on her account But—just mark this, Grayne, for
your own future guidance—that message will not go out
in Earth English or any language of the planets that you
know. It will be sent in a special code that the Council
keeps exclusively for messages of its own. As an extra
safeguard it will be sent as a series of light impulses—
not flashes—that only specially designed instruments can
detect. In that way we send all our reports of progress,
and this particular message will be embedded—that’s it
exactly—in a report that will be sent off at the end of this
work-day period. You follow?”

  I followed him well enough to be able to fill in the
lacunae in his explanation.

  “In other words,” I smiled, “no one but those who re-
ceive the message—presumably they are sworn to secrecy
—will have the faintest idea in what part of the void we
are. Fontaine will have to content himself with the
knowledge that his daughter is safe and in good hands,
and that anyway she’ll be back on Earth just about the
same time that she would had she completed her projected
tour of Mars.”

  “That’s it in a nut-shell. You may tell her when you
see her. But”—he looked at me significantly—“I would
prefer that you did not see her here.”

  “We have already arranged that between us,” I told
him. “She realizes that this is work that does not permit
of distractions.”

  He said nothing to that, though his smile was oddly
twisted. I think he must have guessed what had been in
both our minds when she made me that suggestion.

  “I’ll leave you then, Grayne. You know what studs to
press if you wish to call for assistance? Good. You un-
derstand perfectly the whole system of signals? Better
still. I’ll arrange for your series of reliefs as soon as I
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	309

can. And—yes—we’ll have to have someone up here with
you when we’re due to pass Planet 5. Myself probably;
Waventry—that’s our astronomical member—certainly.
Till then.”

  He went out, leaving me to my own devices.

  I swung my view-plates round. The plane of the
asteroids was now rising up on an angle beneath us. The
Icarus was inclining down towards Jupiter—Rifflin’s
Planet 5. Myself I can never get into the habit of re-
ferring to our planetary bodies by numbers, though I ad-
mit the idea has its good points in a Universe where each
world calls the stars by different names. At least, for
instance, it saves confusion to call our Earth Planet 3 of
System One. There can hardly be any mistake about that.

  Never before had I been so far out as this. Few plane-
tarians had. The Earth colony on Pallas and the Martian
settlement on Vesta were more or less the frontiers of the
explored universe. Odd expeditions indeed—greatly dar-
ing—had landed on Ganymede, but reported it not worth
the trouble of settlement. To date none of the other satel-
lites of Jupiter had been visited, though the ill-fated De
Castro expedition of 2117, which crashed on Jupiter itself
somewhere in the region of the famous Red Spot, had in-
tended including Io, Callisto and Europa in its itinerary.

  The huge planet was now showing up uncannily close,
though the thick clouds that veiled its surface prevented
us from getting any actual view of it. The Red Spot it-
self, in about latitude 30" south was the most conspicuous
feature of the disk. Our course had been deliberately set,
I imagined, with the idea of giving the party a chance of
studying it at quarters as close as was consistent with safe-
ty. Myself, I would have preferred to pass it by at a
greater distance, but that part of the proceedings had al-
ready been mapped out before I came on the scene, and I
could only carry out my orders.

  Waventry, a likable little man, as little like an astron-
omer as one could imagine, came up when we were near-
ing our minimum distance, and he was followed a moment
or so later by Rifflin. They had a special view-plate
all to themselves, so their observations did not interfere
with me and my work.

  It was still a trifle difficult to see the nature of the
Red Spot and Waventry gave vent to an exclamation of
impatience.

  Rifflin turned to me. “Any chance, Grayne, do you
think,” he said, “of us being able to coast any closer with
safety? There’s something wrong here. We don’t seem
able to get a good view of it.”

  I was just about to assure him that we were nearing
our margin of safety now, when one of the warning bells
tinkled, and I almost jumped from my seat. The hand of
the speed-dial was creeping round .. . creeping round . . .
For a split second I blinked, scarcely realizing what it
meant, then the full horror of it swept over me. The
Icarus had somehow overshot the margin of safety and
like the ill-fated De Castro expedition a century earlier
we were plunging to we knew not what untimely fate on
the cloud-wrapped surface of Jupiter!

CHAPTER VII

Deadlocked!

MY startled exclamation brought the others round
quickly to face me. They could hardly have guessed
what was wrong—their expressions showed they did not
—for the increase in our rate of speed so far was not
great enough to be perceptible to the eye. Had it not
been for the extreme delicacy of our recording instruments
I would not have noticed it myself.

  “What’s up, Grayne?” Rifflin snapped the question.

  I pointed at the dial. “Our speed’s increasing,” I said
uneasily. “There’s some influence about . . . Jupiter’s
caught us, perhaps.”

  He looked over my shoulder at the dial. One had to
stare a time to see the motion of the needle, it was so slow.
Then he flung a glance at the space-chart, frowned, and
gave it a closer scrutiny.

  “Looks to me—I may be wrong—” he said, “as though
we’re the fraction of a point off our course. Too small
to measure yet. There’s always the chance of an error.”
He connected up with the control-room and turned on
the loud-speaker so that the three of us could hear what
was said on both sides. The face of his second in com-
mand glowed in the vision-plate* set on the wall.

  “I say, skipper,” said the man whose face showed in
the vision-plate, “what are you doing there? Someone
monkeying with things? We’re holding her on her course
here, all right, but she seems to be edging away all the
time.”

  “How much are you off now?” Rifflin demanded.

  The other shot a stream of figures at him.

  Rifflin nodded jerkily. “It looked more than that to
me,” he said. “However, I’ll take it that you’re right.”
“Of course, I’m right. These detectors of mine don’t
lie. I’m turning on the gravity, screens now, to be on the
safe side. Giving them full normal repulsion. Stand by
for results.”

  For the moment it seemed that nothing was going to
happen, then the Icarus appeared to cant slightly. One
end lifted a little. The other came up slowly until she was
on an even keel.

  “That should hold her,” came the second officer’s voice.
“I think I’ve given her sufficient lift.”

  We stared at the dials. The needle held steady for so
long that I was beginning to fancy we had overcome the
trouble, but presently—a mere matter of seconds only it
was, though to us waiting there it seemed years—the needle
again began to creep slowly yet inexorably from the
neutral point of safety into the zone of danger.

  “Whew-ew!” The long drawn exclamation came from
Rifflin like a cry of desperation. His face was white and
tense.

  A phrase swam into my mind, a recollection of what
the second officer had said.

  “Captain Rifflin,” I said—my voice seemed not too
clear; it felt as though I were on the point of choking
—“full normal repulsion—that’s what’s on—doesn’t seem
to be effective. But—I’m not used to this Icarus yet—
is that all that can be done?”

  “What do you mean?” A sudden gleam of interest
came into Rifflin’s face. I think, intuitively he guessed
something of what was passing in my mind.

  “That—full normal repulsion—is graded for the inner
planets,” I said. “I take it so. But haven’t you any re-
serve power? Jupiter’s pull is nearly three times that of
Earth, the largest of the three inner planets, you know.”
“Oh, we have a reserve. I’m afraid to use it, though.
I don’t want to drain us.”

  I swung on the view-plate which showed us the world
beneath. Jupiter was widening out The cloud masses were
taking definite form under our eyes. The Great Red Spot
—thirty thousand miles of it—was lifting and swelling
as we stared. So it seemed to our uneasy gaze.

  “We’ll just have to try,” I said urgently. “If it’s a
choice between crashing to certain destruction there”—
I pointed to the glowing Red Spot—“like De Castro did a
hundred years ago, and draining the ship, I’d vote for the

•The vision-plate Is used exclusively for communication be-
tween the various departments of the space-ship. The func-
tion of the view-plate Is to show the area outside the ship.
Though in principle the functions of both view-plate and
vision-plate are much the same the difference of nomencla-
ture arises from a desire to avoid confusion.
310	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

latter every time. At least it gives us a fighting chance.
Then, though I don’t quite know whether you can use them
effectively, there are the rocket tubes.”

  Waventry swung round.

  “The young man’s right, Rifflin,” he said. “His way
we have a fighting chance.”

  Rifflin said nothing, but when faced with a situation
such as this he had the ability to make up his mind with
a reasonable celerity. He turned to the general communica-
tor, and there followed a rapid fire of orders.

  The lights in the observation room went dim. They
were draining the ship of power. On the heels of that
came the thunder of the rocket batteries. The ship quiv-
ered. Every plate, every fiber seemed shivering like a
sentient thing. Titanic forces, struggling for mastery,
seemed bent on tearing us asunder. 1 felt as if tugged
this way and that A vast oppression seized hold of me.
Great weights dragged me down. An equal force appear-
ed bent on pulling me the other way. Then abruptly the
feeling vanished; wo were conscious of an immense re-
lief, and the sense of being torn between contending forces
no longer afflicted us.

' I 'HE lights now were no »ore than dull red gleams,
like the last dying embers of burnt-out fires. Our
faces looked ghastly in the glimmer.

  Rifflin produced a pocket torch, and thrust it towards
the dial. It would have been impossible to have seen
it else.

  We all stared, three heads bent close together, crowd-
ing over it For a space while a man could count ten,
there was a tense silence.

  “Gods!” cried Waventry, “We’re held in neutral.”

  It was only too true, what he said. All the power we
were generating in one form or another was just sufficient
to balance the pull of the mighty planet beneath us, by
the barest fraction not just enough to drive us out of the
circle of influence.

  “Yates,” Rifflin cried to his second, “can you push us
up another notch? We’re just holding our distance.
Drain the ship, if you have to. We must get away.”
Yates’ white face, the little beads of sweat showing
plain, stared at us from the vision-plate.

  “If we can hang in equilibrium another five minutes
I believe I can do it” he said in a strained shaky voice.
“But—you’ll have to do without your vision-plates. I’m
cutting everything like that off to conserve power. And,
yes, I’d like Waventry up here with me. Can he come?”
“Yes,” Rifflin agreed. “Anything that will help. What’s
the idea?”

  “Don’t ask me. It mightn’t work. You’ll all know
soon enough.”

  “Good.” Rifflin closed down the vision-plate and the
communicator. He turned to the astronomer. “You’d
better cut along at once, Waventry,” he said. “I think
Yates knows what he’s about. When he talks like that
he usually has some idea up his sleeve. Seems to need
your technical knowledge to help him out, though. I
wonder . . . . ”

  He was talking to empty air. At the last word of the
first sentence Waventry had gone out.

  The light in the room had died completely, and we were
left in darkness save for the white circle of Rifflin’s torch.
The keel rockets were firing with monotonous regularity
now. Their thunder shook the ship. Helpless, unable to
aid, we could only stand and wait, hoping against hope.
We could not maintain this state of balanced equilibrium
forever. The moment our power decreased we would in-
evitably be drawn down, or what was even worse, per-
manently disabled. We might become a satellite of the
father of planets.

  Abruptly the ship seemed to spin round. For one sick-
ening second I thought we had started some sort of a
spiral dive. But save for that instant's sensation nothing
happened. Things went static again. Then . . . minutes
later it seemed . . . came the dull red gleam of the lights.
They flickered, grew in intensity, flickered and seemed like
to die again, but did not. Their brilliancy increased, so
that presently we were able to see by them again. The
other instruments, too, took up their functions.

  I sprang to the outside view-plates. The Red Spot be-
neath us was dwindling in size, Jupiter itself shrinking
perceptibly before our gaze.

  “He’s done it,” cried Rifflin with an air of relief, “but
I’m damned if I know how.”

  He hesitated. I think he meant to call up Yates then
and there, and question him, but apparently he decided
not to do anything of the sort. Perhaps the work was
not yet done. An interruption now in the middle of it
might have disastrous consequences if Yates’ attention
were taken for a moment from his job. So we waited,
trying to steel ourselves to patience.

  It seemed ages before the vision-plate leaped to life
and Yates’ face glowed again.

  “You can carry on,” he said with a smile. “We’ve won
through. I’m sending Waventry down to tell you how.
But your navigational officer had better get busy on his
observations and give me an entirely new course. Wo’re
’way off the old one.”

  I took the hint, and went straight on with my obser-
vations. As I swung the view-plate round and worked
on the results a glimmer of understanding came to me,
some realization of how the situation had been saved.
But it remained for Waventry to give us the full details ...
what little there were.

  Our gravity screens, it seemed, were graded to ordin-
ary planetary conditions, and normally would have work-
ed to our satisfaction, but according to Waventry the Red
Spot itself was composed of some unknown substance—
he seemed doubtful whether to call it mineral or not—
that was highly radioactive and at the same time exercised
strongly magnetic influences. That added to the huge
pull of the planet itself, had succeeded in nullifying our
repulsive machinery and maintained us in a state of equil-
ibrium that might have had any one of half a dozen
fantastic and unpleasant results for us. What had saved
us, oddly enough, had been the rising—if so one could
call it—of one of the denser of Jupiter’s satellites, the moon
Io.

ITS appearance from behind the bulk of its primary
must have occurred some time previously, but appar-
ently Yates did not notice it or rather did not take it into
account as a possible factor in our favor until it became
evident that it was exercising a slight if almost negligible
influence on our magnetic instruments. Then came the
wild idea to his mind of utilizing if possible any attrac-
tion Io possessed to pull us out of this mess. We were
in such a balanced state that the slightest touch one way
or the other must alter the situation for better or worse.

  In a few hurried words Yates outlined his ideas to
Waventry. All the repulsive forces of the ship were con-
centrated in that section directed towards Jupiter in gen-
eral and the Red 'Spot in particular—purely localized,
that is, leaving the part of the ship away from the planet
free to be attracted by the gravitational pull of any body
that happened to be about. In addition the Icarus pos-
sessed certain attractive machinery. Primarily designed
to seize and hold any comparatively small object such as
a fellow space-ship it was used occasionally to anchor the
vessel on meteoric or asteroidal bodies so small that other-
wise the ship itself would be in danger of drifting away.
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	811

Actually the direct opposite of the gravity screens, whose
function was purely repulsive, the range of the attractors
was limited and their influence local. Nevertheless Yates
and Waventry both felt that with them turned on to Io
there was just the odd chance of them supplying the neces-
sary extra touch to swing the scales down in our favor.
That was just what happened. The intense magnetic in-
fluences of the planet were reduced by just that hair’s
breadth sufficiency to enable us to escape from their
clutch.

  One immediate result of this, however, was that the
moment the hold was broken we were hurled out towards
Io itself, a scant 50,000 miles away, and only deft work
on the part of Yates himself saved us from a collision
with that body.*

  “Then it means,” I said at the end, “that for a long
time to come—until something new in the repulsive line is
invented—it will be impossible for the ordinary planetar-
ian to land on or take off from Jupiter.”

  “Not exactly,” Waventry corrected. “Providing the
surface of the planet itself is in a stable enough condi-
tion and that one avoids the latitude of the Red Spot
it can be done. But the antigravity apparatus will have
to be capable of generating a greater repulsive force than
is required for ordinary interplanetary conditions.”

  “I’m purely an astronomer,” he went on, “but I must
confess that the exact nature of the Red Spot intrigues
me. Probably we shall never know exactly what it is
until we devise some means of landing safely on the
planet. For my part though I’d hazard the guess that it
is composed, if not actually of a substance new to us,
at least of a combination of known substances that gives
us a result unprecedented in planetary geology.”
“Something that you might call ‘Jovimum,’ for -in-
stance,” I suggested.

  Rifflin smiled. “If future investigations show that it
is a substance not included in our atomic table, that
name would do as well as any,” he said, “though”—his
face lit up—“if that is the case it must have atomic num-
ber 123.”**

  I chuckled. I could afford to now. “Well, anyway,
that isn’t getting on with the job,” I remarked. “Our
next trouble will be Saturn and its rings, and after that
Neptune. Thank the gods of the airways that Uranus
is out of the way at present heading round towards the
other side of the Sun.”

  Rifflin looked soberly at me. “I fancy,” he said, “we’d
better give Planet 6 a wide berth. We’re passing the
frontier now, so to speak, and moving out into unex-
plored space, where no man of the Confederated Planets
has ever ventured before.”

  Decidedly sobering thought!

CHAPTER VIII
On Neptune’* Moon

I PLAYED for safety and gave Saturn and its rings the
widest possible berth. Too much meteoric material
flying about there, we considered, perhaps more than our
repeller rays could deal with. Even far out in space, com-
paratively remote from the neighborhood of the ringed
planet there was still sufficient of this cosmic wreckage
spinning about to compel caution.

We breathed freer when once we were out of the danger
zone. The rest now was plain sailing, merely a matter,

•Io, roughly 2.400 miles In diameter, revolves round its primary
in about 12 hours at a distance of 260,000 miles.

••By the end »f the 22nd Century the Increase of Intercourse
between the Inner Planets, and the consequent discovery of
many elements hitherto unknown on Barth had resulted in
the extension of the atomic table to No. 122.

save for the incalculable unforeseen, of holding straight
on a direct course. The respite was a welcome one to
me. It gave me the opportunity of relaxing my vigilance,
allowed me to hand over a good deal of the work to others,
and so become acquainted with the rest of the ship’s com-
pany.

  I had now been accepted as one of themselves, and I
was informed that the Council had approved of me of-
ficially. Code messages had been passing between the
Council representatives and the ship now for some time,
reports of our progress, detailed accounts of our rescue
and so on. Fontaine himself had been advised of his
daughter’s rescue^—that much we were told—but how
he had taken it or whether his possible efforts to learn
more had led to friction with the authorities or not we
did not learn. If anything of the sort had occurred no
word of it reached the ship. On that point Rifflin was
quite definite, and I had no reason to believe that he was
deliberately misleading us.

  As a matter of fact I discovered later that he was telling
the strict truth. The Council in their wisdom had de-
cided it was better to leave us in the dark over the re-
sult of the message to Fontaine. Should trouble of any
sort develop between the two parties our expedition would
not find itself hampered by the chance of any repercus-
sions of such a conflict. Myself, though, I could not
imagine Jens Fontaine sitting down idly, while the Coun-
cil doled him out such news as they felt inclined. It was
not unlikely to my way of thinking that Paula’s presence
on board might yet be a source of interplanetary compli-
cations.

  I sounded her cautiously. She knew little or nothing,
I discovered, of her father’s business commitments; the
book of his ambitions was a sealed volume to her. I
think she did not want to know very much. Most prob-
ably she had some inkling—I was almost certain of that
—but considered a deliberate ignorance of the ruthlessness
of his methods was far better for her peace of mind
than unqualified knowledge. Jens Fontaine had fathered
her; she bore his name, and perhaps there was a faint
blending of his looks in hers, just as she could show on
occasion a touch of that personality that had made him
a force to be reckoned with. But beyond that I think she
must have inherited an undue share of her ways from her
mother. A gentle-souled, sweet-natured woman, as I have
heard her described.

  But Paula had made a favorite of herself amongst the
ship’s company by that act of hers of tending Adams in
his last hours. Those who have not seen seng-sickness
in its final stages would not understand what such a course
involved; no amount of explanation could make it any
plainer. Those who have some knowledge of the malady
will know only too well what it was she had to face.
Her father might threaten the very existence of the set-
tled peace and order of three planets, but there was no
one now on the Icarus who would as much as hold this
against the girl.

  We met often in the common room. Of our attitude to
each other, what can I say? We had been drawn very
close by the peril through which we had passed together;
at times it had looked since as though the bond might yet
be closer even than that. I had read a deeper meaning
into her agitated words, something more than the com-
radeship accident and conflict shared together should
bring. I hoped that it was so, with an odd fluctuating
hope. Yet of late she seemed to have become a little
more reserved. I wondered why.

  It did not occur to me that I might have slipped a little
too easily into the routine of ship-board, that perhaps
unwittingly I had given evidence that she had receded
to second place in my thoughts. But enough of that
312	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  We were far out now almost on what in our grand-
fathers’ day would have been the edge of the solar system,
though now we know the numbered planets are twelve in-
stead of our ancestors’ nine. Speculation was rife as to
what we would find. Some thought this and some theught
that. Neptune was a dead world, lifeless and heatless, too
far away from our father, the sun, to receive more than
a minute fraction of his warmth. A dead world, perhaps
rich in minerals some of them unknown to the Inner
Planets—that was the most the projectors of the expedi-
tion hoped to find.

  Some there were who maintained that it might be an
abode of life, perhaps not life as we knew it, but still ex-
istence. These ones pointed out how even in the frozen
areas of our own world life can go on; they instanced
Alaska and the huge power transforming plants we have
established at the coal-beds in Antarctica. Others—only
a few though—had some wild idea of finding a world
fair and smiling; they built up their hopes of this against
all the deductions of our astrophysicists. One felt that
they were lamentably mistaken, that when their error was
discovered the disappointment would be all the greater.

I CANT say that I had built up any particular precon-
ception at all. Events themselves would solve the
problem. At the most I expected to see a world of blue-
green ice. I at least knew enough of the conditions of
interstellar space to be able to appreciate what lack of
the sun’s warmth could do.

  Neptune grew out of the wild, increased in size with
each cycle of twenty-four hours. And as we lessened the

  There had been a consultation, I learned, between the
senior members of the expedition and Whitby, the repre-
sentative on the ship of the Board of Control as the Inter-
planetary Council of Three is sometimes styled, and they
had decided as the result of this to make the first landing
on Triton, the moon, instead of on the planet Neptune
itself. Possibly our experience with Jupiter’s Red Spot
had engendered caution in them, then again I think they
did not want to be plunged too suddenly into the possi-
bilities of conflict—supposing the planet was inhabited
by intelligent beings—while we were all still stale from
our long voyage in space.

  Triton, only slightly larger than our own Luna, would
provide an easy landing ground; a rest there would give
us a breathing space, and in addition there was the chance
of making some discoveries of value not unconnected with
the major body itself. Triton, it was almost certain, had
cooled far more rapidly than its primary; if its history
had been anything like that of our Moon and it had once
been inhabited, civilization must have developed rapidly
and reached its peak while life on Neptune was still in the
primitive stage.

  Assuming that evolution had taken a somewhat similar
form on each body life on Triton must have ceased to
exist long, long ago. It was not unlikely, however, that
sufficient traces of it would remain for us to gauge
something of the conditions at present obtaining on Nep-
tune.

  A wise enough move I fancisd, though it seemed to me
most probable that any life there had ever been on either
body had long been extinct. However, that was a matter
that only direct investigation could decide.

  We sank gently down towards Triton, approaching it
from the side facing Neptune, a course which meant a more
or less complete circumnavigation of the primary. A

(Illustration by Paul)

distance presently Triton, Neptune’s satellite, became more
clearly visible. A queer moon this, revolving backward,
contrary to the accepted order of things. Another thing,
too, that soon became plain was Neptune itself rotated
backward on its axis. The three-centuries old supposition
of Earth astronomers was at last confirmed. Waventry
was jubilant at the discovery.

  I imagined that we would descend somewhere on the
cloud-wrapped surface of the primary, and I was wonder-
ing what orders would presently be sent me along from
Rifflin, when the man himself arrived.
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	313

dead world, that much was obvious on sight. A world
held fast in frozen and eternal silence. Not so rugged as
the Moon, it showed none of the staggering heights and
stupendous depths of our satellite. It had worn smoother,
or perhaps it had never known such geological vicissi-
tudes.

  We tested it for atmosphere. It had none. It was
barren, bleak and airless, a derelict world.

  “A case for space-suits,” Rifflin announced over the
general communicators. “Sorry, men, I’d hoped there
was a chance of us being able to breathe natural air again,
but that doesn’t seem likely until we make Planet 8
itself. However, you’ll have an opportunity of stretching
your leg9. That will be some relief at least.”

  We grounded on a long level patch, and rather to my
surprise the bulk of the Icarus sank a little. The surface
then was soft, not eternal ice, as we had imagined, frozen
to the consistency of steel. It seemed rather odd, that.
Indeed it looked as though something in the nature of
a thaw was not unknown here, yet we could not see how
that could be possible at such a distance from the center
of the solar system, where the light and heat received
must be but a fraction of that to which we were used on
Earth.

  A queer thing. Its implications were more intriguing
still. The recognition of this made us more cautious
than ever. For all we could say to the contrary we
might have grounded on a body where the ordinary laws
of Nature were in some instances inverted. Such things
have been known to happen.

  A duty watch was set, and the rest of us were given
permission to don our space-suits, and pass out the air-
locks on to the surface of Triton. Just as I was getting
into my suit, Paula approached Rifflin and asked if she
could come with us.

  He hesitated. I don’t think he liked the idea of a

woman facing the unknown possibilities outside until they
had been properly investigated by us men.

HER face fell at the signs of his indecision. I inter-
posed.

  “Let her come, Captain,” I said. “I’ll make myself
responsible for her and see that she doesn’t come to any
harm.”

  “Oh, well”—grudging concession in his voice—“per-
haps you’d better go with him then, Miss Fontaine. At
any rate he’ll take more care of you than anyone else
would.”
314	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  “Thank you,” she said to Rifflin, flung me a question-
ing glance, and after a barely perceptible hesitation cross-
ed to me.

  “You don’t mind?” she asked in a low, voice.

  “Mind? Of course not. Why should I?”

  She stammered. “I thought... You seemed to be avoid-
ing me... I can hardly explain ... Becoming brusque..

 “I !”

   JL • • • •

  Came Rifflin’s voice, cutting in on our dialogue. “Hurry
up, there. We can’t exhaust the air-locks until the landing
party is all ready. The others are waiting ...”

  Hurriedly I helped her into her suit, adjusted the helmet
and the air-tank, and fixed my own. We followed the
others into the locks. The heavy doors closed behind us,
the air in the locks was exhausted by the pumps. That
done, the outer port was opened, and we stepped out on-
to the soil of Triton.

  “Be careful,” I said over the audiophone. “Don’t make
any sudden movement until we dispover just how to ad-
just ourselves. Remember the gravity pull here is con-
siderably less than what we’re used to. Can’t be much
more than that on the Moon.”

  Indeed after the Earth-adjusted gravity conditions of
the Icarus the feeling of lightness we experienced as we
stepped out on this little world was very welcome. But we
would have appreciated it more if there had been an
atmosphere that would have allowed us to discard our
helmets and the paraphernalia of air-tanks. There was
little to be seen, so it seemed, and I doubted if this world
had ever been inhabited at all. Even supposing that it
had all life must have ceased to exist perhaps aeons before
man appeared on the Earth.

  The members of our little party grouped themselves
together with an instinct of caution. Paula, on coming
out of the air-lock, had put her hand on my arm to
steady herself. Now her hand slipped down and our
fingers in the clumsy fabric of the gloves intertwined.
Somehow it renewed the old feeling of intimacy between
us.

  Our orders were not to go out of sight of the Icarus,
and we obeyed them without question. Still we were
able to roam some considerable distance, and without any-
thing definite being said by any member of the party we
seemed to have selected as an objective the only prominent
feature of the landscape in sight.

  It might have been taken equally for an upthrust of
the ice or a mound of unusual size, and on first appear-
ances there seemed nothing very particular about it. But
as we drew nearer we could see that it showed a certain
regularity of outline that was intriguing in itself.

  The ice that had formed on it undoubtedly hid the
real shape of die configuration—hid, too, its exact nature.
I imagine that it was purely out of idle curiosity that
Whitby, the Council representative who was with us, drew
his heat-ray tube and sent a beam licking round its base.
The result was curious. The ice which formed its cover-
ing seemed to crack, melt and vanish almost in the one
movement so to speak. Beneath was a squat object, rough-
ly pyramidal in shape. It might have been twenty feet
round the base; it was flat-topped rather like the Mexican
leocalli, and it stood perhaps ten to fifteen feet high. It
was made of some substance unknown to us, for it was
neither any metal or stone with which we were acquainted.
The chances were that it was some synthetic product.

  For the moment we stood, staring incredulously. What-
ever we had expected to find it was certainly nothing so
well-preserved. Ruins of any sort would not have excited
us so much.

“By the planets!”—it was Whitby’s voice crackling in our
audiophones—“here’s something at least, the traces of a

lost civilization, and either lost not so very long ago, or
else it’s in a remarkably good state of preservation.”

  As a matter of fact both his surmises were wrong.

  Fired by the discovery, seized by a sort of archaeologi-
cal zeal, the others began attacking the remaining ice of
the pyramid with their heat-rays and soon the whole of
the building, for such it must be called, was cleared of
its covering and exposed to our view. Inscriptions—we
took them to be something of the sort—covered the walls;
whether they were meant to be pictorial representations
or not we could not say. The chances were that they were
of hieroglyphic origin, but that the ideographs had be-
come so highly conventionalized as to be almost inde-
cipherable to one unacquainted with them.

  Whitby, however, pored over them, then turned and
consulted with some of the others as to the possibility of
photographing them. They decided that it was worth try-
ing, and that the results would probably be worth it, so
one of the men was sent back to the Icarus for a Blanz
color, motion-picture machine, and enough light tubes to
make up the deficiency of the sun’s rays.

  Our party had divided as a consequence of the find.
Those archaeologically-minded were following the base-
line of the pyramid round, examining each side in turn,
the rest of us remained standing some distance back from
the side from which we had first approached it.

  I had let my gaze wander. No one, outside of Whitby
and his little group, was paying much attention to the
pyramid. Our interest was mostly divided between the
progress of the man who was heading back to the Icarus,
the possibilities the landscape presented, and the sight of
Neptune itself now bulking largely in the sky. In the
wan light it was a singularly conspicuous object.

  Of a sudden Paula clutched my arm convulsively, and
a startled exclamation tingled in my audiophones.

  “What is it?” I asked.

  She pointed. “Look . . . look at the base of the pyra-
mid. There’s a door or something. It looks as if it’s
opening.”

  The others must have heard her, too. Their audiophones
would undoubtedly pick up her words. There was a gen-
eral movement of amazement, of men whirling round and
staring.

  In a way she was right/ A section of the pyramid on
our side was undoubtedly moving, but not outwardly or
inwardly on hinges like a door. It was slowly sliding
down, revealing a black gap that momentarily widened.
Curiously enough it reminded me of some queer animal
starting to yawn.

CHAPTER IX

Wanton Destruction!

HITBY and his colleagues appeared round the cor-
ner, saw our attitude of frozen astonishment, and
stopped.

  “What is it?” It was Whitby’s voice, anxiously toned,
vibrating in my ears.

  I was the only officer with the group and I took it on
myself to answer.

  “I don’t know,” I replied. “But better be careful. A
section of the pyramid seems to be sliding open. But
we’ve seen nothing yet.”

  They made a little detour and came towards us at
an angle, so that they could keep their eyes on the pyra-
mid at the same time. I noticed Whitby carried his ray-
tube in his hands, with his finger flickering round the
button. His whole attitude was extremely cautious.

  A black cavern, four feet square now, yawned at the
base of the pyramid. The others joined us.
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	315

  “What do you think it is?” I asked Whitby.

  “I don’t know. Can’t 8ay yet We’ll wait a little while
. . . just in case. Nothing like being careful. But I
wouldn’t be surprised if we’d touched some hidden spring
somewhere. Perhaps the whole thing is a monument
built by some vanished race, a museum, a record of their
civilization made when they knew they were doomed to
extinction, designed with the idea that somebody might
come later—perhaps thousands of years afterwards—
someone like ourselves, and benefit by the knowledge they
had acquired.”

  I thought that not unlikely. Paula, 1 could sense,
thought other things. The way she held to me, her fingers
gripping my hand, showed a vague fear of unknown
possibilities lurked in her mind.

  “Well, we’ve waited quite a while,” said Whitby pre-
sently. Doesn’t seem as if anything’s going to happen. 1
vote to investigate.”

  There was a general movement forward at that, but
he stayed it with an abrupt word.

  “No, not all of you. There’s still a chance of some-
thing there that we don’t understand. Only a few of us,
two or three at the outside, had better go forward. Pm
one, and I’ll take a volunteer or two.”

  I stepped forward. Paula made an abrupt movement
as though to detain me, then seemed to think better of it
“You, Grayne. Good. Alright, Yates. That will do.
All armed? Well, we’ll go forward now. One of you
others better try to get the ship—your audiophone range
should carry that far—and tell Rifflin what’s happened.
Come on now.”

  We three went forward. I felt disappointed. There was
nothing of interest to be found so far. No doubt the
black square that had appeared in the pyramid was due
to the operation of some spring we had inadvertently
touched; again just as probably some age-old fracture,
extended by the action of the heat-ray, had resulted in the
section giving way and sliding down into the hollow in-
terior of the erection. For my part I did not anticipate
any startling or valuable discoveries as the result of this.

  Cautiously we explored the opening. Nothing much
there. Only when we thrust a light ray inside and jetted
the beam about we found that instead of there being a
sheer drop as we had expected straight into darkness we
were looking down an inclined run way. The walls and
floor were lined with some translucent white substance
not set like tiles, but apparently laid down in some con-
tinuous piece. It stretched away downward in a gentle
slope until it passed beyond the range of our beams.

  Whitby hesitated. “I wonder,” he said, “whether we’d
better venture in or wait until we hear from Rifflin and
get some more equipment.”

  “Better wait perhaps,” someone else suggested. “We’ll
want lights at any rate.”

  It was just as well for all of us that we did wait. I
cannot say who first of all noticed that anything was
wrong. Probably several of us did so simultaneously.
There came a sudden excited cry from someone; we seem-
ed pushed violently back, then the tunnel and the black
square vomited forth the oddest, most repulsive things
that perhaps it has ever been the lot of man to encounter.

  Imagine things like giant soft white slugs, things with
great round, saucer-like eyes, from the body pseudopods
branching out and retracting in all directions, suddenly
hurling themselves upwards at us like the contents of a
belching volcano.

  The loathsome things, four to six feet in length, went
over us like a wave, bearing us to the ground. Even
through the fabric of my space-suit I could feel the chill
of the horrible, white bodies, and a sickening feeling of
horror and disgust swept over me. My ray-tube was in

my hand, nr, finger on the button. The beam hit the
thing above me, and of a sudden it shrivelled and melted
away as ice melts in the sun.

  Then as I tried to struggle to my feet I saw that liter-
ally thousands of them were pouring out of the opening.
Another wave caught me, and bore me backwards to the
ground, knocking the ray-tube out of my hand, so that I
was left helpless. To top it all off the contact with the
bodies of the white things had slimed over the glassite
front of my helmet, blacking out from my sight all that
was going on about me.

' I 'HERE followed a series of confused impressions. Cold
bodies, seemingly without form or substance, passed
and repassed across me. Things tore at the fabric of ray
space-suit, and blows were given on my helmet What
saved me from the hellish monsters I cannot say unless
it was the press of their own bodies above and about
me.	\

  Abruptly there came a clear space in the conflict, and
someone caught me by one arm and someone by the other,
and between them I was jerked to my feet.

  “Wipe his plate,” said a voice. “He can’t see. It’s cov-
ered with something.”

  “He’s not hurt? You aren’t injured, are you, Phil?”
“No, not hurt, only knocked about and blinded by this
stuff over my helmet. But you, Paula, what do you mean
by being here? You should have kept out of it.”

  “I couldn’t. I saw you fall . . . knocked over . . . and
I rushed in."

  “Pulled you out from under the things,” said the other
voice—I recognized it now as that of Yates—“after burn-
ing through to you with her ray. But, quick, the trouble’s
not over yet by a long sight.”

  They got my helmet clear again, so that I was able to
see, gave me a spare ray-tube in place of that of mine
which I had lost, and dragged me to one side out of the
press. I found I was able to see clearly now.

  The white things were swarming over the whole visible
surface of the moon. Our heat-rays, effective enough
against them individually, seemed able to do nothing to-
wards reducing their numbers. As fast as we mowed them
down and dissolved them a dozen others seemed to take
the places of the fallen. They were still pouring in their
hordes out of the opening in the pyramid. It looked as
though they might swamp us yet by sheer weight of num-
bers.

  Yet I could not see what damage they were likely to
do to us otherwise. The pseudopods they put forth might
serve them in lieu of hands, but they could not rip and
tear like claws or fangs. But we were soon to learn we
were dealing—not as we fancied with strange sub-human
creatures—but with intelligences quite as good as ours,
though of a different order.

  Of a sudden the press of advancing bodies about the
pyramid opening slackened, it parted, and the whole
pyramid itself swivelled round on its base. The move-
ment of the building revealed a strange mechanism. It
consisted of a short stubby and extremely thick central
tube set on a tripod. Gathered round the center tube was
a surprising number of smaller tubes. The whole effect
was not unlike the ancient machine-guns that one still can
see in the Museums of Earth, relics of the days when Earth-
men fought with and killed their fellow Earthmen.

  The rest followed so quickly that it was over before we
quite realized what was happening. There was no sound,
nothing to show that the gun machine was being discharg-
ed, but a thing like a projectile shot out the central tube.
It travelled fast enough, yet the eye could follow its course
without difficulty. It hit the ground in front of a group
of our men who were struggling with the white things,
316	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

burst, and a nimbus of 9ome barely visible vapor seemed
to hover about them.

  “Some kind of poison gas,” I surmised. Then we were
dealing with intelligent beings, ones able to kill scien-
tifically, and well.

   A splinter from the projectile when it burst flashed up,
and struck one of our men a glancing blow. There was
just force enough behind it to smash the glassite pane
of his helmet. He staggered and we looked to see him
fall as the air from his tanks rushed out the vent. But
he did nothing of the sort. Instead he seemed in nowise
the worse for the experience, when by all the rules of the
game he should have been dead by this. Maybe there
was some sort of explanation in the nimbus of vapor just
barely visible that hovered round him.

  More projectiles fell. The creatures’ aim seemed to
be not so much to hit us with them as ensure that they
burst in our midst. Yet they did little or no harm. The
one appalling casualty was when one man was hit squarely,
and the missile almost cut him in two. More and more
of the things were going down under our rays. They were
retreating out of the area where the shells were falling,
but there were some that could not retreat. They had left
a goodly number of their comrades behind.

  Many of those left, particularly in the area where the
shells had burst, were writhing on the ground, thrashing
about as though in mortal agony, yet one of our fellows
was standing in the same circle, his helmet in his hand
while he made some adjustments to his audiophones. An-
other man had the glassite pane of his helmet broken
and he was laughing, actually laughing. Yet by all the
laws of physics he and his comrade should have been
dead men. It was a direct reversal of the laws of Nature,
men standing without protective insulation, breathing in
the airless void!

  A voice crackled in our audiophones. “Back to the
ship, all of you. We’re taking off. Don’t delay. We
can’t say what weapons they have that they haven’t used
yet.”

  It was Rifflin calling from the ship. At the word the
retreat began. The things followed as soon as they saw
what we were doing, and the gun machine advanced with
them. Seemingly it was propelled by some sort of mo-
tor, and moved on flexible runners in a manner oddly sug-
gestive of the progress of a worm. Another machine,
made of the same material as the pyramid, was being
hoisted up through the opening. Certain parts of it,
looking like circular saws, were revolving rapidly. I
did not like the look of it.

  Apparently it could move forward without any con-
trolling intelligence in charge, for it came on towards us
at a fearful rate, leaving the milling white things behind.
It drove through those dying on the ground, cutting them
up into white fragments, and headed straight for us. For-
getful of the lighter gravity pull of this peculiar world
we broke into a run, covering the ground with great
leaps. Paula and I, hand in hand, ran side by side.

   We reached the open door of the air-lock, it was sealed
behind us, and at the same moment the ship lifted from
the ground. We passed into the inner chamber once the
air was admitted, and there changed from our space-
euits.

   The Icarus had not risen far from the ground, just high
enough to be out of the range of the things’ weapons.
They were such fearfully loathsome creatures, and the
attack launched against us had been so utterly unpro-
voked that Rifflin, incensed by the sight of our one cas-
ualty—the poor fellow, already dead, had been sliced to
pieces by the travelling saw machine—turned the full
power of the ship’s rays on the pyramid and those about
it.

   “It’s destroying a monument of some archaeological in-
terests,” he said half in explanation, half in apology for
his action, “but at the same time it’s ridding the universe
of a good many singularly unlovable creatures.”

   Five minutes later where the pyramid had stood, there
was a desert waste. Myself, I prefer to pass no opinion
on the action; it is not for me either to condemn or con-
done what Rifflin did. The Council, however, I know took
an extremer view of what he did; he was temporarily dis-
rated on his return for it, and Whitby, I believe, was
hauled over the coals for lending it his sanction. Such
things as happened in a hand-to-hand conflict were admis-
sible, but the razing of the pyramid and the consequent
killing of a myriad of the white things were regarded by
the Council as wanton destruction. So much for that.

   We circled round the scene of the affray for some time,
then seeing there was no further sign of the creatures and
their exit seemed sealed forever, the ship settled back
on the ground, not so close this time to the site of the
pyramid. A strict watch was set, and all those of us who
had been in the party were asked to come to the common
room, and those of us who had had any experience out of
the ordinary were asked to relate it.

  Interest naturally centered round the man who had
had the glassite front of his helmet shattered, and yet
who had not died from want of air.

   “Air,” he said. ‘There was lots of it, all around. It
was heavier and denser than the air of Earth, and there
was something in it that I can’t name, a sort of sweet-
tasting gas, but it was quite breathable.”

   “But,” someone objected, “we tested for air before we
landed and found the place was totally devoid of atmos-
phere.”

  Whitby interposed. “The other two support Hove’s
experiences,” he said. “They, too, breathed the air, and
found it not lethal. I’ve a theory, Captain, and I fancy
our astrophysicists will support me in it when they’ve
investigated the facts. These things—Tritonians, let us
call them—live in an airless world. We know that. They
do not need air to support life. Why I don’t know.
It seems an inversion of the laws of Nature, but it’s a
fact and we’ve got to accept it as such.

   “That being so, it seems that air is no doubt poison-
ous to them. They’re something like fish on Earth in
that respect, who live in water and die when they are left
in the open air away from it. Those projectiles they
fired at us contained the deadliest poison gas they knew,
synthetic air! They could not know it was our natural
medium. They only reasoned from its effect on them,
and you all saw how those who were caught in it died in
agony. That’s my theory. Though I say it myself it’s
a singularly good one. All the facts that we observed
agree to prove it.”

And that, indeed, seemed to be all that there was to it.
“Well, we’re in for a fine time,” Rifflin commented at
the end, “if we’re going to strike the same sort of
things, proportioned in the size of their planet, on the
primary itself.”

   He strode to one of the observation ports, and pressed
the button that would draw the marsonite shutters back
from the glassite windows, and stared out towards Nep-
tune, a quarter of a million miles away. We could all
see the great planet without any craning of our necks, and
I think we were all a little afraid of what we might en-
counter there.

   Whitby summed up the situation. “Well, we’ve got to
go there and investigate whether we like it or not,” he
said. “We’re under orders from the Council and we can’t
leave with our work undone.”

  For a time no one said anything. Then someone re-
marked that the ship seemed to be rather on the warmish
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	317

side. The same idea seemed to have struck us all, but odd-
ly enough the feeling passed almost as quickly as it had
come.

  We were still standing there a moment or so later when
there came a great flash of light, and the atmosphere of
the ship heated up again a couple of degrees.

  “Did you see that flash, you two?” Rifflin asked.

  He turned to Yates and myself, who were standing just
behind him. I answered.

  “Yes,” I said, “I did. And what’s more it appeared to
come from Neptune itself.”

  “What would you think it meant?” said Whitby, cran-
ing forward, though the flash had disappeared of the in-
stant.

  “I don’t know,” said Rifflin very soberly. “It’s hardly
volcanic in origin, of that much I’m sure. The only al-
ternative is to presume the existence on Neptune of intel-
ligent beings who have become aware of our projected
visit, and are already making arrangements for our recep-
tion.”

  No one said anything to that, though the thought cross-
ed my mind that if Rifflin’s idea turned out to be correct
we were in for a very warm welcome indeed.

CHAPTER X

A Strange World

THE sudden rise in temperature of the atmosphere of the
Icarus, and the flash of that great ray explained at
least in part that softened quality of the frozen soil that
had puzzled us on our landing. What still remained to
be solved was the nature of the beam itself. That it
had been a heat-ray of some sort was evident, yet it ap-
parently possessed none of the lethal qualities of our
own rays, otherwise we would almost certainly have been
instantly annihilated. Nevertheless the fact that we were
not was not to be taken as establishing a precedent.

  We lifted easily from Triton’s surface, raised by our
gravity screens, then our rocket engines began to function
and presently we were hurtling across the gulf of a quar-
ter of a million miles that separated us from Neptune.
But now we were all in a different frame of mind from
that which had been ours at the outset. Then, with little or
no idea of what lay before us, we could face the unknown
with comparative equanimity.

  If we had speculated at all about the types of life we
might encounter, we had unconsciously pictured them as
following the lines of evolution familiar to the Inner
Planets. It is difficult for a man to imagine an utterly
new concept, almost impossible to picture that of which he
or his kind have never had experience.

  But now something had happened to jolt us out of the
groove. On Triton we had discovered a form of life at
once intelligent and loathsome, existing in conditions that
would be fatal to us, regarding as deadly conditions that
were vital to our existence. This inversion of what seem-
ed to us the natural order of things colored our imagin-
ations and tinged our minds with the fear of possibilities.
Who could say now what monstrosities, things utterly alien
to all our ideas, it might be our lot to face on Neptune?

  We saw no more of the flashing beam as we crossed
the gulf between moon and planet. Had it not been for
the way in which the atmosphere of the ship had heated
for the moment, and the eternal ice outside on Triton’s
surface softened under the influence, we would have felt
convinced that what we had seen had been some optical
illusion. But the existence of the beam was confirmed in
so many ways that we could not put it down to anything
of the sort.

  The greater part of Neptune was hidden from our sight

by banded clouds, not unlike those on Jupiter, that streak-
ed the visible portion of its daylight surface. The rest of
course was in darkness, and because of the clouds our
instruments were unable to detect anything that would in-
dicate there was life on the planet.

  Rifflin was acting very cautiously now. We could have
flung the Icarus across the intervening void in a relatively
short space of time had we chosen, but for once our captain
decided we had better go slowly and carefully. Indeed I
am pretty certain that he had made up his mind not to
effect a landing at all if the planet was inhabited and the
inhabitants showed any sign of hostility.

  So it was that we took the better part of twenty-four
hours to do the distance to the night side of Neptune. Our
tests showed a breathable atmosphere, slightly different
in constituents from that of Earth, though there was noth-
ing in it that would be in the least harmful to our Tellur-
ian organisms.

  We maneuvered slowly through the cloud ceiling, our
engines silent, for we had no wish to bring trouble flying
about our ears, and maintained our equilibrium by man-
ipulating our gravity plates. We were there to spy out the
situation before deciding on the wisdom or otherwise of
landing.

  The night was far darker than anything we had ever
experienced on Earth, a darkness intensified by the thick
blanket of clouds above us, and because of that our tele-
scopic instruments were almost useless. We did indeed see
occasionally something that resembled a patch of light,
but it came and went so swiftly that we conld not say
with any degree of certainty that we had seen it at all.

  We looked for cities of some sort, lines of lights such
as would come from a collection of buildings occupied
by civilized beings, but looked in vain. Occasionally we
made out configurations that might have been buildings,
though in the absence of a reasonably good visibility they
might just as well have been low hills. As a matter of
fact the general opinion, recollecting those evanescent
patches we thought might have been lights, was that they
were prpbably ice hummocks.

  With our speed tuned to that of the rotation of the globe
we remained until the day broke, a bleak, watery dawn,
dim light filtering through breaks in the clouds. Nep-
tune, 2,800,000,000 miles from the center of the solar
system gets but little light from the sun, and it was the
knowledge of that more than anything that made us feel
the planet was probably as far gone in the grip of ice as
its satellite, Triton. A natural conclusion, but a wrong
one. How wrong we were to learn much sooner than we
expected.

  As the dawn broke, cold and cheerless, we crowded
to the observation windows for this, our first glimpse
of a new world. And almost with the one accord we
cried out in astonishment at the sight that lay before
our eyes.

CONSPICUOUS only by their absence were the un-
ending stretches of blue-green ice we had imagined.
Instead on every hand were green and smiling fields,
laid out checker-board fashion, with here and there a
sparkling stream meandering across the prospect. Scat-
tered at irregular intervals were groups of buildings,
glistening things of domes and cupolas, gleaming frost-
ily. They seemed as though made of ice, though prob-
ably it was glassite or some similar vitreous substance.

  The light, too, seemed of a sudden to have grown
brighter, stronger than it had any right to be, seeing our
distance from the sun. The clouds had parted and a gold-
en glory was settling over the face of the countryside.
While we stared, wondering how this could possibly be,
we saw what perhaps we had overlooked before. Set at
318	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

intervals about the countryside were great many-faceted
concave mirrors. At least that was what they looked like
to us. Each was set on a vast straddle of lattice-like gir-
ders, and each, from the slight movements we saw as we
watched, seemed capable of sweeping the full circum-
ference of the sky.

  But that was not all. Between each pair of mirrors was
another lattice-structure, bearing at its top a great, glow-
ing golden ball, a thing so huge and so brilliant that its
size stunned us and the upthrust of its rays almost blinded
us.

  “Artificial suns,” said someone in an awed tone.
“They’ve solved the secret of atomic energy!”

  One of our astrophysicists standing by heard the remark
and slowly shook his crabbed head.

  “Nothing of the sort,” he said sharply. “They’ve got
a solar power plant. Of course it’s marvelous. I’d like
to know how they develop so much power with it. Never-
theless the principle of it is very simple. We’ve known
of it for centuries on Earth, but we’ve never been able
to utilize it with any degree of success. I wonder if we
can learn the secret of it from these people.”

  “It depends,” said Whitby pointedly, “on just what kind
of people they are. By the way, why are those rays
pointing upwards?”

  The other looked up sharply. “For two reasons I should
imagine,” he said calmly. “One, they seem in some fash-
ion to make a rift in the clouds and allow the feeble rays
of the real sun to get through to the collecting mirrors,
and, two, they are thereby reflected from the remaining
blanket of clouds, possibly with the idea of diffusing them
more.

  “The whole thing moves in a sort of circle, you see.
The energy collected is used to break up masses of cloud
to allow of the collecting of yet more energy. Why do
I think the rays are diffused? Well, they point up instead
of down, and again from what we can see of them I
should think their effect applied direct to the country-
side would be—er—too considerable.”

  Whitby whistled. “Of course,” he said, “that explains
what happened on Triton, the heat we felt and so on.
But”—he wrinkled his brow—“Triton’s behind Neptune
on the dark side. That seems to present a difficulty.”

  “It doesn’t,” the astrophysicist answered. “Triton’s or-
bit is so slanted towards the plane of the ecliptic that
though it is behind its primary, it is never entirely hidden
by it. The interposition of Neptune’s atmosphere, how-
ever, may make it invisible from Earth at times. But part
of it occasionally must be facing the sunward side of
Neptune. We were on that particular section of it, and
no doubt it was a ray from one of those things”—he indi-
cated the glowing artificial suns with a sweep of his
arm—“that touched us in the passing.”

  “But imagine the power of it,” said Whitby thought-
fully, “when it could heat us up after passing through a
quarter of a million miles of space.”

  The other smiled. “The rays of the sun itself have to

Sass many times that distance before they reach Earth,”
e said dryly, “yet even there they are strong enough to
melt ice. Each of these contrivances is a miniature sun,
effective over a proportionately limited extent of space.
That, at least, is my reading of it. I may be hopelessly
wrong. Remember we are dealing here with conditions
that seem to run counter to what we expected to find. The
difference may be merely superficial. On the other hand
there may be an entirely different explanation to every-
thing we’ve seen.”

  “There don’t seem to be any people—life of any sort
—about that I can see,” Rifflin remarked. “That, the
intelligences of this planet, is ray concern. Until we know
what they are we can do little or nothing.”

  “At any rate,” I cut in, “I shouldn’t think they could
fly. We must be perfectly visible from ground level
now, and the least we could expect, if they had air
machines of any sort, is that one would come up to in-
vestigate us. I haven’t seen any birds about, either, though
I’ve been looking for them. Perhaps flight, natural or
mechanical, is utterly unknown on this planet.”

  Rifflin nodded. “There seems to be something in that,”
he agreed. “One can’t imagine the principles of flight
being discovered on a pedestrian world.”

HE turned to Whitby. “What should we do, do you
think?” he asked. “For my part Pm against land-
ing until we see what sort of creatures we have to face.”
Whitby considered. “I see your point,” he admitted,
“but it seems to me that we must land sooner or later.
Either they haven’t seen us, which I can hardly believe,
or else they’re keeping out of sight until they discover
exactly what our intentions are. Try and put yourself
in their places for the moment. They know nothing about
us. We—and the Icarus, for that matter—may be some-
thing utterly alien and incomprehensible to them. They
may regard us as some strange diabolical menace.

  “You see the position in which we are placed. We’ve
come here on a friendly mission, but I can’t think of any
medium of communication other than direct contact by
which we can convince them of that. Even the fairly
universal language of signs mightn’t work in this in-
stance.”

  Rifflin shrugged his shoulders. “After all I’m only the
commander of this ship,” he said with a touch of sharp-
ness in his tones, “but one or two things seem pretty
plain to me. For a start I think we’re wasting time in a
sort of academic discussion of possibilities that for all we
can say might be utterly non-existent. I’ve got a prac-
tical suggestion to make, and you can do with it as you
please.”

  “Go on,” said Whitby, with a faint smile. “We’d like
to hear it.”

  “It’s this,” said Rifflin. “We seem to be over an agri-
cultural district. Quite probably we’re dealing with, com-
paratively speaking, an uneducated and superstitious pop-
ulation. You don’t usually find a farm-hand anywhere
with a knowledge of exact sciences. If he had he wouldn’t
be there. It’s in the cities we’ll have to look for intelli-
gences competent to understand us. Therefore I vote that
we search for something in the nature of a city.”

  “Those buildings?” said Whitby indicating the glisten-
ing, glass-like structures.

  “Hardly, unless the population is far smaller than
the size of the planet would suggest. I’d look for some-
thing on a larger scale than that.”

  “Well, your suggestion seems to be about the best thing
yet,” Whitby conceded. “If we cruise slowly across the
planet we’re bound to strike something sooner or later.”
“Along the plane of the equator,” Rifflin added. “It’s
in the tropics of this planet that we’re most likely to find
anything, I’d imagine. Also, if we use the engines they’ll
draw attention to us. I don’t fancy the gravity plates in
atmosphere. They’re altogether too tricky to maneuver
for any length of time under unknown conditions.”

  “Go ahead then,” Whitby told him. “I’ll take the re-
sponsibility before the Council for anything you do.”

  A few minutes later we were cruising slowly a few
hundred feet up, while the surface of the planet slowly
opened out to our view. We throttled the engines down
as much as possible, nevertheless they kicked up sufficient
row to draw to us the attention of any intelligences with
an auditory range in the same scale as ours. Myself, I
had nothing to do now. My work ceased with our entry
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE

319

into atmosphere, and the control was solely in the hands
of Yates. So I had leisure to look about me. I improved
the opportunity by seeking out Paula, of whom I had
seen little of late. Indeed I had not had the chance of
exchanging two words with her since we returned to the
ship after our encounter with the great white things on
Triton.

  After some search I found her at the end of one of
the corridors, staring out the observation port placed
there.

  She turned at the sound of my voice. I could not say
from her expression whether she was pleased to see me
or not.

  “Oh, it’s you,” she said. “I’ve been wondering what
had become of you.”

  “I had work to do,” I answered. “I could not get
away.”

  She looked at me oddly. “Would you, if you could?”
she asked after a moment's pause.

  I nodded. “Yes.”

  She did not comment on that, but directed her gaze out
the window again.

  Some spring inside me seemed to release. “Paula,” I
said. I came a little closer.

  “Yes, what is it?” She did not turn.

  “Shortly,” I said, “we’ll be landing on the surface of a
totally unknown world. The stars know what we may
find, things perhaps worse than on Triton. It might well
be that we will have to face conditions utterly beyond our
experience. That being so ”

  I stopped abruptly.

  “Go on,” she said softly, encouragingly. But still she
did not turn.

  “Paula,” I said with a rush of words, “can there ever
be anything between the daughter of Jens Fontaine, and
the mere navigator of an interplanetary liner—one who,
moreover, may find it hard again to get a ship?”

  “I should think,” she answered calmly, “that that would
depend on the navigator himself. Should he consider the
girl beneath him, believe that she is tarred with the same
brush as another member of her family I should say,
‘No.’ But should he not feel inclined to hold against her
the business sins of her father there may be another
answer. So much depends upon the courage of the
man.”

  For the moment I fancied there was an under-current of
sarcasm in her words.

  I took one step forward, caught her by the arms, and
whirled her round, drew her to me and kissed her.

  “Why,” she said a little breathlessly, “didn’t you do
that before?”

  “Because,” I said. Then I realized how inadequate any
explanation would seem now. “What does it matter now,
anyway?” I asked.

  “No, it doesn’t matter,” she said with soft voice and
shining eyes.

  She turned away, I think to hide her face, and looked
for a long moment out the observation port. It was very
quiet in the corridor. No one was about there. I moved
the closer to her.

  Of a sudden she started, and clutched convulsively at
my arm.

  “Look,” she cried excitedly. “Look there.” With her
free hand she pointed to the surface of the planet below
us.

  I peered over her shoulder in the direction she had in-
dicated.

  It was then we saw the first Neptunian.

CHAPTER XI

Neptunian Life

"COR some time we stood aghast, totally unable to decide
whether the thing we saw was bird or mammal. It
must have been at least fifteen feet tall, and it stood on
stilt-like legs like a crane or a stork. The body, more
dome-shaped than oval with the flat side underneath,
seemed small in comparison with the length of the legs.
From either side of the body stretched out something that
from the distance at which we were looked like arms. At
one end of the body were two big bulbous looking things
that we took to be eyes. In color the whole of it was of a
shade of green that could blend quite readily with the
green of the fields.

  At the moment we had first become aware of it, the thing
was standing in an untilled field, the green of its body
showing against the brown of the bare soil. Something
in its very stand suggested an attitude of intelligent con-
templation.

  But even as we watched it seemed to realize that some-
thing new and strange had come on the scene. Perhaps
the drone of our engines had just become audible to it.
The weird body tilted sideways, so that one of the eye-
like protuberances was slightly higher than the other. It
was for all the world like a man shutting one eye against
the glare of the sun in order to squint up at something in
the sky.

  The scrutiny lasted only an instant. Then with quick
strides of its long legs it set off towards the nearest green
fields, as though to seek cover. No doubt it had been
borne in on it in the glance it cast at us that it must be
rfectly visible against the brown background of the
re soil. But once it reached the green field the legs
folded up underneath it, the dome-shaped body sank into
the grass, the eyes seeming to hood over as it did so, and
in less time than it takes to tell it had merged so com-
pletely into its surroundings that it was invisible at a
casual glance. Only an inequality of the grass remained
to show where it was.

  The others must have seen it too, for the buzzers began
to sound the assembly throughout the ship, and the Icarus
started the long spiralling that meant she was preparing
to land.

  We made our way to the common-room. Others of the
company, roused by the summons, were on the way there,
too.

  No sooner were we assembled than Rifflin addressed us.
What he had to say was fairly brief. He began by as-
suming that most of us had seen the thing in the field; for
the benefit of those who had not he described the creatures
and for the first time I learnt that others, too, had been
seen in the distance. We were landing immediately to
investigate and, if possible, establish some sort of contact
with this first specimen of Neptunian life. Its actions ap-
peared to be those of an intelligent being, though whether
it was the dominant form of intelligence on the planet
remained to be seen.

  A landing party would leave the ship. With the excep-
tion of certain members such as Whitby whose right to
go was unquestioned the rest would be selected from vol-
unteers.

  At the call I promptly stepped forward, and probably
because she was standing beside me Paula incontinently
followed my example. Rifflin said nothing, though he
stared at us a little dubiously. I fancied myself that he
did not like at first thought the idea of his navigator
running himself into possible danger. On the other hand
he may have objected to Paula being of the party. How-
320	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

ever, whatever he thought did not matter much as long as
he did not forbid us to land.

  Several others stepped forward, amongst them Yates.
But RifQin motioned him back.

  “You’re wanted here,” he said, “in case we have to take
off in a hurry. For the same reason none of the engineer
staff or the ray gun crews can come. If all goes well,
your turn will be later.”

  I had expected some murmuring at that, but there was
none. Several members of the party stepped promptly
out of the ranks to the back of the room. An explanation
of the readiness with which they obeyed orders might be
found in the fact that a good many of them had had
training in the Interplanetary Guard’s service.

  Again Rifflin seemed inclined to hesitate about us. “I
don’t know that I should let you go, Grayne,” he said
dubiously. “Have you any special qualifications that
might be of use to a landing party?”

   It was my turn to hesitate. I had a long shot at it, for
I dearly wished to go with the party.

   “It seems to me,” I said, “that it’s the duty of a naviga-
ting officer to learn all he can about a new planet. If a
regular service is going to be established to here any data
I acquire may be invaluable.”

  Rifflin laughed. I’ve no doubt he saw at once the
fallacy of my argument.

  “Alright, you can come,” he said, and shifted his eyes
inquiringly to Paula.

  “And you?” he asked.

SHE looked him straight in the eyes. “It may be my
only chance of ever landing here,” she answered.
“Call it curiosity, if you like, but I’d dearly like to see
what Neptune looks like from the ground. And if it comes
to being useful, well I suppose I can do a man’s work
if necessary. If we unfortunately have to fight, that is,”
she added.

  Rifflin’s face clouded. He said, loud enough for us all
to hear, “There is to be no conflict if we can possibly
avoid it, you all understand that. We exceeded instruc-
tions on Triton, and there will be trouble over that on
our return. I prefer not to have a repetition of anything
of the sort here.

   “You’ll all be armed, of course, and the ship’s rays will
cover us if necessary. But in the event of anything going
wrong no man is to take the initiative into his own hands.
If there’s fighting to be done, I’ll give the signal as I’ll
have to take responsibility later for my action. Under-
stand that now. I don’t want to have to repeat it, or be
told afterwards that what I said wasn’t made clear
enough.”

  Meanwhile the Icarus had grounded. Fearful of of-
fending local susceptibilities from the start we landed in
the bare patch where we had first seen the queer being.
At least there was less chance of us doing harm there than
if we landed in a crop.

   The air of the planet, very welcome after the close con-
finement of the ship, was not quite all we expected it to
be. It gave us a feeling of lassitude, and made me think
that this was a climate where a race would very soon be-
come indolent. The gravity pull affected us little if at
all; it was not perceptibly different from that of Earth.
That, of course, had long been known and allowed for,
under the principle of the “square law.”*

  We had no difficulty in locating from the ground the
field where the creature had gone to earth. It seemed to

•The "square law.” I.e., the gravity of a planetary body can be
found by dividing Its mass, taking that of Earth as a unit,
by the square of the number of times its radius Is greater or
less than that of Barth. A body with a mass four times that
of Barth, and a radius twice Earth’s would be of equal gravity
pull, I.e., 4 divided by 2 squared.

have given up all attempt at concealment now, and the
big goggle eyes watched us, as we approached, with a
stony lack of concern. It looked as though it simply
intended remaining immovable until we reached it. What
it would do then remained to be seen.

  Remote in the distance we could see other similar crea-
tures. They, however, were striding towards us at a
pace that bade fair to bring them up pretty soon. Pres-
ently the eerie silence of this strange world—*or so far
we had heard no sound other than we had made our-
selves—was shattered by a siren-like noise that drifted up
to us, coming apparently from the distant group of crea-
tures. At the sound the thing in the field answered on a
lower note. And, as if the whole were some agreed-on
signal, it hauled itself leisurely to its feet.

  When we saw it thus we realized that it was larger
than we had thought when viewing it from the ship. All
the effect of the foreshortening was lost, and we found
we were looking up at a creature that towered massively
over us. The eye swung round, fixed us an instant, then
it gave another weird screech, and came trundling to meet
us. Its movements were clumsy, so much so that we
ruled out all thought of possible hostile intentions.

  While it was still some distance away Rifflin stopped
abruptly, flung up his binoculars, focused them on the
creature, and then said something under his breath. He
handed them to Whitby without a word.

  Whitby fixed the sights on the lumbering creature, and
stared long and intently. At last he lowered the glasses
with an expression of puzzlement on his face, and said
something in a low voice to Rifflin. I would have liked
to have known what it was, but unfortunately I was not
close enough to hear.

  However, the creature was near enough to us now for
it to be seen in greater detail. It was oddly bird-like and
yet there were essential points of difference. The body
was covered with something that I took to be feathers, and
now that it was moving a sort of irridescence played rhyth-
mically across them. There were no wings, not even the
rudiments of them. Neither was there a tail or anything
remotely resembling head or neck. Probably the brain
and all other functions that we usually find in the head
in the case of bipeds and quadrupeds, indeed most forms
of life on Earth, were enclosed in the body case just under-
neath the eyes. The hand-like projections, which now I
came to think of it, might well have evolved from the
wings, dangled idly as it moved.

  As it drew nearer we became aware of a faint sound
that can only be described as a sort of continuous “cluck-
cluck-cluck,” that, if anything, further heightened the bird-
like resemblance. Had the present-day inhabitants of Nep-
tune then evolved from huge birds, incapable of flight?
If that was so, it might explain the utter absence from the
surface of the planet, as far as we were in a position to
judge, of all other forms of bird life.

  But, as a matter of fact, all the theories I had formed
were shattered in the completest possible fashion in a very
few minutes after they had suggested themselves to me.

/-pHE creature came to a halt within a yard or so of us—
at its near approach we had halted to await its next
move—the great legs bent up under it, and with an awk-
ward swaying of the body it settled itself down and
squatted in front of us. There came a clanging sound on
the heels of that, portion of the body-case slid round, re-
vealing a circular opening, then the truth dawned on us
all, though I fancied that Rifflin and Whitby had known—
or guessed—it from the moment they had viewed the
creature through their glasses.

  It was no intelligent form of life in itself with which we
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE

321

were confronted. It was merely a mechanically-propelled
vehicle of some sort. The real inhabitants of Neptune
were even now emerging from the door in the body-case.

  There were three of them: short, stocky little people,
of an average of four feet in height. In form they were
human, though there were little differences of detail that
did not become apparent at first, little odd suggestions that
it took us long to track to their source.

  Each of the three wore some sort of glasses, dark things
that hid their eyes from us, and added a little to the weird
effect—more mental than anything else—that their pres-
ence had on us. Of course with their glasses hiding their
eyes, a good deal of any possible expression of emotion
was lost to us. It was impossible to say with any degree
of certainty what they thought of us, though from the
fact that -the visible portions of their faces remained
absolutely immovable it seemed that our advent had
occasioned neither surprise nor resentment.

  They stood there stolidly regarding us, just out of
hand’s reach, apparently waiting for us to take the initia-
tive. And almost immediately it seemed to me that the
situation must resolve itself into a problem of communi-
cation. By what means were we going to convey to them
something about ourselves, our intentions and our hopes?

  Whitby stepped forward, tapped himself on the breast
and said “Earthman,” as slowly and distinctly as pos-
sible.

  One of the Neptunians stirred, and made some sort of
reply the very sound of which was absolutely unintelli-
gible to us. Yet there must be some means of reaching
a basis of common thought. They were reasoning and
intelligent beings; they possessed apparently a civilization
of sorts, and they had shown the ability to construct and
operate intricate machines. Yet the sounds they uttered
seemed to offer us no point of contact.

  They were not even the sort of sounds we had learned
to expect from beings resembling humanity. I myself
was at a loss to describe just exactly what they reminded
me of, though in a vague way I had a feeling I had heard
something like them before. There was just that odd
elusive familiarity about them.

  It was Paula who solved the problem.

  “Why,” she said in an excited whisper, “it’s just as
though they were purring. Cats purring.”

  I looked again, this time more intently, at the stocky
little figures. Was it her suggestion or did I really now
see something feline about them, that odd unhuman cast
that had already awakened a query in my mind?

  I caught my breath, gasped . . .

  “Rifflin,” I cried, “Miss Fontaine has suggested—see
if you think there’s anything in it—that they’re purring—
like cats, that there’s a likelihood they may have evolved
from some feline form.”

  He looked startled for the moment. It was too odd
an idea for him to assimilate all at once. They looked
so human, and yet there was that queer suggestion about
them.

  “By the planets”—it was Whitby, explosively—“there
may be something in that, Grayne. No bird-life here, so
far as we’ve seen; the only mechanically-propelled vehicle
we’ve yet struck made in the form of a bird. One the
natural enemy of the other, the bird and the cat. Yet
if that’s so, they’ve evolved a long way. The relation-
ship is hardly noticeable . . . until you hear them speak.”

  Our little discussion appeared to have aroused some
interest among the Neptunians, for the one who had spok-
en previously said something to us. This time the odd
purring note was more marked. I guessed he was asking
a question.

  “We’ll have to handle them somehow,” Rifflin said to

Whitby. “Make friends with them first. After that
we’ll be able to establish communication without much
difficulty ... I hope. But first we must make them
understand that we mean them no harm.”

  “I’ll try.” Whitby took a pad of paper and a pencil
from his pocket, and approached the Neptunian who
appeared to be the spokesman. Rapidly he drew in out-
line a rough map of the solar system, assuming that such
beings must possess some astronomical knowledge, indi-
cated the sun, marked off the planets one by one, and
showed something of the course we had taken from Earth
to Neptune.

  At first it seemed the sketch was not clear to the Nep-
tunian. He stared at it with a little wrinkling of the
forehead, the first facial expression of any emotion we
had seen them exhibit, then pointing to the sun in Whit-
by’s sketch, looked up inquiringly.

  “Of course,” Whitby cried. “I see it. I’ve drawn the
planets to scale, quite forgetting that the Sun is only a
small body as seen from here. They mightn’t have the
means of computing its size exactly.”

  So in one corner of the sketch he lined in one of the
sun-ray plants we had seen, showed a planetary body
above it with rays of light stabbing down to the mirrors,
then by signs indicated that the central planet in the main
sketch was the sun.

  The Neptunian grasped it all now. Gently he with-
drew the paper from Whitby’s hand, examined it in a
puzzled fashion, as though the material itself were some-
thing new to him, then turned to his companions and
began to talk excitedly. It was obvious enough that he
was explaining what he had learned from us. He turned
back to us after this was done, pointed to the Earth on the
sketch and then to us, next indicated himself and the
planet Neptune on the map.

  He uttered a one-syllable sound, one that we were to
hear many, many times after that. Taking a cue from
us he spoke as slowly and as distinctly as possible for
him without—so I assume—losing the proper tonal value.
It was the first sound we had heard from him that would
admit of transliteration into any equivalent in human
speech. As we rendered it, it seemed the word he was
saying was “Tex.”

  The other machines had come up by this. One of them
announced its arrival with a subdued siren note, and all
of them began to settle down on their folding legs, and the
doors in the body-cases swing open.

  At the sound our Neptunian twisted round, called some-
thing to his fellows emerging from their machines, then
turned back to us with that in his attitude that suggested
nearly as plainly as so many words that the newcomers
would be better able to make contact with us than he had
been.

  Nevertheless I fancied we had done remarkably well,
all things considered.

CHAPTER XII

Lines of Communication

1 I 'HE new machines were each larger than the one we
had first encountered. They seemed newer and speed-
ier, better found in every way, and I guessed they be-
longed to persons of some considerable importance.

  This theory was borne out when the occupants began
to emerge from them. Each machine contained at least
half a dozen folk, all larger in size than the three Nep-
tunians who stood near us. The newcomers approached
us without the slightest sign of hesitation, walking with
a quiet, dignified yet, to my mind, effortless feline gait.
322

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

There was just that sort of sleek slither about the body—
a thing almost impossible to crystallize into words—that
seemed to confirm our theory of the form from which
they had evolved.

  There followed a brief interchange between our Nep-
tunian and the new arrivals, then their leader approached
us. He was nearer our own height; he wore the same
kind of colored glasses as the others and that so effec-
tually masked their eyes, and he was dressed in a sort of
kilt-like tunic that ended just above his knees. It was
gathered in at the waist by a belt of woven metal—a glis-
tening silvery substance to which we could not put a name
—and attached to which, hung on tiny hooks, were several
things that I could only compare to rods of glass. Some
were straight, of unvarying diameter throughout their
whole length, one widened at the end to a globe, and an-
other had a series of warty projections at intervals down
its length. As we were to learn later each rod had its
own particular use, and some of them were not pleasant.

  In addition he wore on his head a contrivance of metal
that was not quite a cap and not quite a helmet. A num-
ber of thin bits of wire, stiff as cats’ whiskers, stood up all
around it.

  What the original spokesman had told him seemed to
have convinced him of our good intentions, for he came
towards us, halted almost within touch of us, bowed low,
a gesture of obeisance. Whether he took us for superior
beings, perhaps gods of some sort or whether this was
merely the common form of greeting between strangers,
of course, we could not say. In the circumstances it
seemed wiser to wait and see just what it was.

  Then, oddly enough, he began to speak in a low purring
voice that lapped about us like a caress, but we could not
guess even from his tone what the purport of it might be.
He seemed to become aware of this, and apparently the
discovery annoyed him. His body quivered, sinuously,
and the cat’s whiskers, antennae, call them what you will,
on his helmet quivered in sympathy.

  “I really believe,” said Rifflin, under his breath but
loud enough for me to hear, “that he’s angry because he
can’t make us understand.”

He turned to the Council representative. “Whitby,
you’d better say something to him,” he remarked. “Show
him that lack of comprehension isn’t all on the one side.”
Whitby gave an odd movement of his shoulders, hardly
a shrug.

  “Looks as though it may be rather difficult,” he said in
answer. “If we can persuade any of them to come to the
learns with us, we may be able to tell them something
with the aid of our picture-machines, but first before we
dare broach that we’d better try to convince them we mean
no harm. Suppose they misunderstood us, thought our
purpose was to abduct them!”

  “Seems to me we’ll have to risk it,” Rifflin answered.
“We’ve gone about as far as we can with signs and
sketches.”

  “So I think. However, I’ll try.”

  He took some more paper, and made a series of rapid
sketches. I did not see wnat they were, though afterwards
I learned he had made an attempt to show the Neptun-
ians entering the Icarus, viewing some of the things we
had to show them, and then departing on the friendli-
est of terms with us.

  The leader took the sketches, examined them very close-
ly—I imagine he had little difficulty guessing their pur-
port—though he seemed far more interested in the paper
itself and in the pencil than in the sketches produced by
one on the other. He seemed anxious to try for himself,
so Whitby gave him a clean scrap of paper and handed
him the lead pencil. He merely made a few, to us, mean-

ingless marks on the paper, and seemed surprised that he
could produce nothing as good as Whitby had.

  Apparently then they knew little or nothing about
sketching, though this seemed a little hard to believe of a
race that had designed the mechanical bird and the sun-ray
plants. They must have had some plan to work from in
the first instance. I thought, however, that I was on safer
ground in assuming that they might have no written lan-
guage, but here again time was to show me the foolishness
of trying to generalize from one isolated incident. How-
ever . . .

  He seemed to understand what we wished, and since he
had shown no sign of objection we felt it safe to conclude
that he was willing to come to the Icarus. Whitby signed
to him to come along with us, a complex series of gestures
that led from the sketches, involved pointing to us and the
space-ship, and that to my mind seemed to tangle up the
situation rather than clarify it.

' I 'HE Neptunian leader said something to his men, then
stalked up and took his place beside Whitby. The
little fellow with whom we had first opened communication
sought Rifflin, and at that we became aware that they were
pairing off with us, probably as a measure of precaution,
for each of the Neptunians seemed to keep one hand hover-
ing round the rods at his belt.

  As luck would have it there were more Neptunians than
Earthmen, and those that could not pair off spread out on
either side of us. It was a movement that held in itself the
seeds of suspicion, and we kept our eyes lifted for the signs
of any untoward move. On the other hand we had to
admit that they were quite justified in distrusting us until
they had proved to their satisfaction that our intentions
were good.

  Looked at from their point of view they were actually
taking a grave risk in accepting our invitation at all. The
story of interplanetary communication has always been one
of conflict, indeed our histories tell us that the first en-
counters with the Martians and Venusians were accompan-
ied by bloodshed. It seems that it is always the instinct
of alien races to regard each other as possible aggressors,
and forestall attack by getting in first themselves.

  In the case of the Inner Planets we have long passed the
stage of mutual distrust, and have learned to pull together
for the good of the Confederation, but it was long years be-
fore the repercussions of our mutual jealousies and dis-
trusts were smoothed over and died away. It would be sad
indeed if we and Neptune had to plunge together along that
thorny path before we reached a basis of common under-
standing.

  The bulk of the Icarus, now they were close to her,
seemed to intrigue the Neptunians. Probably they would
have liked to ask a good many leading questions concern-
ing her. The barrier of language between us must have
irked them as much as it did us. Their leader at any rate
made some attempt to question Whitby, then with an odd
little twist of his body—a movement we learned later that
could express either disgust or a sense of futility—gave it
up.

  But the Icarus must have been absolutely unique in their
experience. It is more than probable that at the time of
our advent space travelling as a possibility had ceased to
have any attraction or even any meaning for them. This
is by no means surprising, for after all a race whose sight
of the firmament is cut off more often than not by a veil of
drifting clouds must necessarily be less interested in the
distant planets than those of us to whom the nightly sight
of them is ever a reminder and an urge.

  The Neptunians, now they had advanced so far, entered
the Icarus without the slightest sign of hesitation. But ft
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE

323

was there, immediately they had crossed the threshold of
the entrance port, that the first spark of trouble was struck.
Actually it was our own fault. We should have borne
the possibility in mind from the first.

  The leader stopped abruptly. The other Neptunians,
as though actuated by the same impulse, stopped at the
same moment. Then the leader spoke. Of course it
was impossible to understand what he was saying, but
there was no doubt that he was'very angry about some-

thing, and his anger seemed to be directed at us. Little
beads of perspiration stood out all over the surface of his
skin that was visible.

  Plainly something had affected him. Not fear, cer-
tainly. There would not, in that case, have been that
note of anger in his voice. A vast astonishment seized
on us. Through the minds of every Earthman present
muck the same thought ran. Was it the temperature?
The beads of perspiration on every one of the Neptun-

 (Illustration by Paul)
 Then one of the beams ffom our light revealed
 the thing that was blanketing us. They were
 great monstrous things, hundreds of yards in
 length.

 ians seemed to suggest it was, yet the interior of the Icariu
 was hardly a degree or so warmer than the surface of the
 planet outside.

   The Neptunian shot a glance from one to the other of
 us. Possibly our blank surprise was plain enough in
 our faces for him to read; possibly it puzzled him. Cer-
 tainly our lack of comprehension angered him still more.

   He made a movement, his hand strayed towards the
 weapons in his belt. I had been watching him very close-
 ly, and I think it was the sight of those two actions that
 brought the solution to my mind in a flash. I claim no
 credit for that. No doubt the same idea flashed through
 half a dozen minds simultaneously.

   We had seen outside that he could move quickly when
 the occasion demanded, but now his movements seemed
 rather on the slow side. There was a sort of dragging
324	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

about the way he shifted his body, and the hand that went
to his belt dropped listlessly instead of flashing down.

  “The gravity’s too much for them!” I cried as the solu-
tion jumped into my mind.

  “Of course,” Rifflin did not jump. Such a move might
have had fatal results for us all. Instead he moved leis-
urely to the communicator, simulating the dragging list-
lessness of the Neptunians so well that they must have
been deluded into the belief that whatever was wrong
it was something affecting both Earthmen and Neptunians
alike, and there gave his orders.

' | 'HE position roughly was this. As a matter of con*
venience the conditions on board the Icarus were ad-
justed to Earth gravity pull. Neptune’s mass is some sev-
enteen times that of the Earth and its radius 4.4 times
that of our own planet. Therefore under the “square law”
Neptune’s actual gravity pull, taking Earth’s as the unit,
is 17 divided by the square of 4.4, in other words .87.

  To us Earthmen the difference of 13 per cent in the
gravity pull, particularly when it was a reduction, mat-
tered very little. Then, too, the life we led, drifting
from one planet to another and constantly encountering
varying gravity conditions, had inured us to a great ex-
tent.

  But to the Neptunians, for the first time in their lives,
finding their weight increased all of a sudden by some 13
per cent the sensation was anything but pleasant. No
wonder that for the moment they suspected some diaboli-
cal treachery on our part. Indeed the marvel of it was
that trouble did not break out between us then and there.
Possibly, however, that odd sense of helplessness this
abrupt increase in weight, slight though it may seem to
us, gave to them, made them pause.

  The next instant of course the readjustment came. Rif-
flin’s message through the communicator to the control
room had been responded to at once. Another second
or so of delay and no one can say what might have hap-
pened. But it didn’t, and that’s all there is to it.

  What the Neptunians thought of it all we never learned.
Even later when the barriers between us were broken
down and we were able to exchange ideas with a reason-
able facility the matter was not brought up. Perhaps
they had forgotten. On the other hand those immediate-
ly concerned may have thought it wiser not to resurrect
it, a sort of tacit agreement between the leaders of both
sides to regard it as something to be allowed to sink into
oblivion.

  Our way led towards the common room. In our ab-
sence it had been rigged up as a cine-projection theater.
And here let me interpolate an explanation of that. When
the expedition was being fitted out it was realized that
some means of easy communication between ourselves and
the peoples we might encounter would have to be devised.
Moving pictures that would best convey some idea of the
lives and conditions of the inhabitants of the Interplane-
tary Confederation were selected. Nothing that would
suggest we might contemplate aggressive measures was
included. It was a selection calculated to impress with-
out frightening any newly discovered planetarians, and
bring home to them in the simplest manner possible the
wisdom of treating for an alliance with us.

  In this connection, of course, the diplomatic measures
that would establish relations in the first instance with
the newly discovered races friendly enough to insure they
would accept any invitation to view the records, were left
entirely to the intelligence and initiative of the expedi-
tion leaders themselves. On the present occasion, as we
have seen, such relations were established almost without

a hitch. The pendulum might just as easily have swung
the other way. We had experienced one taste of that
possibility on Triton.

  Diagrammatic pictures of the solar system, and the
Inner Planets were first run through with the idea of
giving our visitors some conception of our position in
space, followed by closeups of Venus, Mars and Earth,
fading out to center on the latter planet itself. Contin-
ents, oceans were shown, shipping and commerce, the air
thronged with air- and space-liners. Then the big cities
of the world were shown on the screen, bird’s eye views
at first, then sections, and lastly the busy levels of the
streets.

  Ships of space leaving for and arriving at Mars and
Venus were viewed in their turn. It was made plain that
we three planets were members of the one confederation,
on an equal, easy-going, tolerant footing with each other.
It was all put so plainly that even one of limited intelli-
gence could follow it from beginning to end without
the slightest difficulty.

  There was a moment’s pause after the carefully selected
propaganda pictures had been put through, then the
screen sprang into life again, and I realized that what was
being shown now were pictures taken on the voyage. The
take-off from Earth, the planet growing smaller and small-
er, receding into the distance, fading away at last until it
no longer dominated the void. A blackness as a new reel
was run on, then something gleaming frostily in space, a
pin-point that grew rapidly.

  Paula clutched my hand. “Why,” she exclaimed, “that’s
the dome of the Sirius! They’re rescuing us, Phil.”

  An odd thing it seemed, to stand there, detached as it
were, and watch that which had happened to us so many
weeks before and so many million miles away in spacc. I
think, too, that this episode interested the Neptunians more
than anything that had gone before. It was something
without parallel in their experience. Cities and stars,
oceans, continents and planets were concepts undoubtedly
not unfamiliar to them. But this voyaging in space, a res-
cue in mid-void, this act of hurfanity was for them unique.
The quick purr of conversation that ran from one to the
other, the stir and interest it created showed as much. Rif-
flin and Whitby I think had shown the picture with that one
object, that and to impress on them that we had conquered
the adverse conditions of space.

  One thing after another was run through. Our camera
man had been more active than I had imagined. A com-
plete pictorial record of practically every incident of the
voyage had been made. Some, however, were not shown.
The burial of Adams in space was omitted, just as I have
omitted it from this chronicle. Our Titanic struggle with
Jupiter was not shown either. There were reasons for this.

  We did not know as yet just how we stood. So far we
seemed to have made a good impression, we had been re-
ceived in peace and amity, but we had no means of judging
at this stage the motive behind it all. It might be good-
will on the part of the Neptunians. Equally it might
merely be fear. To show them we were vulnerable, that
we had known momentary terror and despair, and that we
had contended with forces that but for a lucky chance
would undoubtedly have vanquished us, would have been
the reverse of wise.

  Triton flickered on the screen, the dead, chill world we
had first seen. It looked so still and lifeless from the angle
our man had taken it The Neptunians seemed to recognize
it. Their voices rose to an excited chatter; the purring
note was almost absent now; one did not need a knowl-
edge of their tongue to realize that they were stirred to
the depths of their beings.

  Every Neptunian leaped to his feet at the sight of the
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	325

Great White things tumbling out of the entrance of the
pyramid. A shiver of disgust passed round the room. A
note of anger became apparent in the chatter, swelled until
it was a baleful chorus whose meaning was unmistakable.

  I did not think that the two races could ever have come
into conflict with each other. Neither, from what we had
seen, appeared at all familiar with the underlying prin-
ciples of space-travelling, or seemed far enough advanced
to construct a vessel capable of negotiating the void. And
if anything was needed to clinch this argument I found
it in the fact that the first weapon the Tritonians had used
against us showed that they could not have the faintest
idea of what conditions were on Neptune or any other
planet that possessed a breathable atmosphere.

  I was still trying to puzzle out the meaning of this dis-
play by the Neptunians of fear, hatred and disgust for
their neighbors on Triton when the screen went blank.
The show had ended, for our leaders, I still think wisely,
had cut the scenes showing the destruction we had wrought
on the satellite. I found no answer to my questioning
then or at any other time, and can only conclude that the
Neptunians’ behavior was due to some natural instinct of
revulsior.

CHAPTER XIII

An Attack In The Night

I DON’T think any of us realized how quickly the day
had fled, or how much of the Neptunians’ time had been
taken up with viewing our picture records.

  Once the show was over they seemed loath to depart.
Probably they expected to be shown more signs and won-
ders, but we were by no means anxious to oblige. We
had done our part in breaking the ice. We felt it was
their turn now. So little of their planet had been seen
by us, so few of their people. This little strip of agri-
cultural land, with its checkered green fields, its sun-ray
plants and those intriguing buildings was the sum of ac-
quaintance so far with the surface of the planet. And we
had met perhaps twenty or twenty-five of its people.

  We wished to meet more, see something of their cities
as we had shown them ours on the screen, learn something
of their lives and customs, acquire a little of their knowl-
edge. That was what we were here for. Above all we
wished to begin a study of their language, so that we
could communicate with each other more readily.

  They did not offer of their own accord to lead us to
any of their buildings. Perforce the suggestion had to
come from us. It was not made then. Rifflin, we dis-
covered afterwards, was tactfully trying to lead up to it—
rather a hard thing to do when one’s only mediums of
communication are signs and sketches whose precise im-
plications might be very readily misunderstood—when a
siren-like call broke on our ears.

  The note was that of one of the bird-like machines, that
much we knew, but what exactly it portended, of course,
we could not say. It had a very definite effect on our
guests, however. With one accord they all rushed for the
entrance port of the Icarus, as though something in the call
had scared them pretty badly.

  Naturally we followed. At first we could see nothing
in the least alarming. The day was drawing to a close,
that was the most noticeable thing. The clouds overhead
were thickening, and the chill of night was closing down
on us. The sun-ray mirrors which all day had followed
the course of the luminary no longer gleamed so intensely.
The artificial suns set above them seemed not so bright.
Their golden glare had paled to a considerable extent.
That was all. A nightly phenomenon.

  More bird machines were drawn up beside the Icarus.
Some must have arrived while we were inside. It was from
one of these the siren note had come. It was still blaring
at intervals as we stepped out into the chill of the even-
ing, a larger machine than any we had yet seen, and now
we were listening to it in free air its note sounded louder
and more powerful than those of its sister machines.

  The Neptunian leader turned to Whitby and Rifflin,
pointed to the sky, then to the direction where the sun
was, though we could not see it for the clouds, and made
sundry seeming incomprehensible motions with his hands.
At least that was what they looked like to me.

  “Of course,” Whitby spoke out loud for the benefit of
us all. “He’s saying that the night is coming down, and
that be must get back before dark. At least I think so.
I don’t see what else he can mean.”

  He shut his eyes and put his hands over them.

  A crude method, I thought, of conveying the idea oi
darkness, but the Neptunian leader seemed to grasp Whit-
by’s meaning without any difficulty. He nodded vigor-
ously. First he pointed to where the sun now was, then
to where it would be early in the morning, and with a
wealth of gesture indicated that he would come again at
that hour the next day.

  The siren gave another blare, more urgent than before.
Our Neptunian cast one glance up at the darkening sky,
and scuttled for his machine. His companions were al-
ready in theirs. Another few seconds and the whole flight
of machines was hurrying across the country with all the
speed of which they seemed capable. They dwindled, and
finally disappeared in the distance. Where they went
eventually, we could not say.

  Inside five minutes, save ourselves, there was no sign
of any living thing on our section of the planet. Oddly,
too, it had become abruptly a silent land, oppressively so.
When we spoke it was in awed tones until realization
came to us of what we were doing, and then someone
laughed at the foolishness of it all.

  “What about the night, Commander?” Whitby asked of
Rifflin. “What do you think we’d better do? A lot of us,
no doubt, would like to stay out on the surface of the planet
rather than be cooped up here in the ship.”

  “So would I,” said Rifflin, a trifle doubtfully. “Still,
I think it’s a case for caution. Until we’ve learned
more about the place we should not take risks. What
worries me most though is the way those Neptunians
scurried for . . . well, for wherever they were going
when they realized night was coming down. It may
merely be a general disinclination to be out after dark.
Again it might not. They may have had excellent reasons
for getting away. Queer, though in an apparently civi-
lized people to be afraid of the dark.”

  “What sort of reasons?” Whitby asked, harking back
to the penultimate sentence.

D IFFLIN shrugged his shoulders. “How should I
know?” he retorted. “I don’t even know that there
are any reasons at all. I merely suggest the possibility.
How often must we repeat to ourselves as well as others
that we’ve landed on a new world, where we can hardly
expect every little action to spring from the same motives
and to bear the same construction as it would on our
own planet? Perhaps it is no more than Neptunian
etiquette to run away from one’s visitors at sundown.”
“You think that?”

  “I think nothing. I merely suggest possibilities.”
  “What should we do then?”

  “What the natives do. If it’s no more than a queer
custom, no harm’s done, either way. We’ve shown we
know how to conform to local prejudices. On the other
326

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

hand if it’s nothing of the sort, if, for instance, there’s
some good reason back of their hurried departure, well,
don’t you think we’d be foolish to take risks that they,
with their knowledge of the planet, won’t take?”

  “Risks?”

  Whitby bent forward and answered in a whisper, so low
that the words were lost to us.

THE alarm-bells, ringing frantically, brought such of
us as were not on watch duty wide-awake on the
instant out of a tranquil sleep. At once as the ringing
ceased the general communicators brayed the call to at-
tention.

  “Attention! Attention! All units, attention. Action
stations in fighting rig.” The brazen voice, magnified
many times, penetrated to every corner of the ship.

  I had tumbled out of bed at the first word, and was
climbing into my rig before the words had ceased ring-
ing in ray ears. Then, seizing my ray-tube, I started to-
wards the door. I had hut the haziest idea where I
should go or what I should do. In space or even when
cruising over the surface of the planet my status would
have been more or less that of a non-combatant in time
of danger, my place and duty in the observation room.
But now seeing we were at rest on the ground I had to
admit myself at a loss.

  However, I could not go far wrong by making for the
corridor, and the nearest observation port—if any were
open—would almost certainly give me some idea of what,
had happened. Failing that, I was bound to encounter
others similarly situated to myself.

  I ran into somebody immediately I stepped into the
corridor.

  “What’s wrong?” I asked.

  “An attack, I think,” the other said breathlessly. It
was Whitby by the voice, and I remembered his room
was close to mine. “I don’t know much myself. It’s
the lookout-man who’s given the alarm, and maybe it’s
only a precautionary call.”

  He spoke as we ran. The lights in the corridor were
full on. Others were streaming out of their quarters,
those of them who had stations hurrying off to them.
The rest of us, an odd scientist or so, men who like my-
self had no posts assigned them for ground work, gathered
round the nearest observational port within easy range
of the communicators in case any call for our presence
in any part of the ship should be relayed.

  We could see little or nothing at first. The dank, dark
Neptunian night—a cloud-blanketed sky unrelieved by any
stars—drooped over all. The artificial suns had dimmed
down until they were no more than distant points of
light, too small, too weak, to do more than keep the atmos-
phere warmed a few degrees above the freezing point.
I surmised, however, that a good deal of the heat generated
during the day must be kept in at night; the clouds would
to a great extent prevent radiation on a large scale, and
that, of course, would allow of the power of the artificial
suns being conserved to a degree.

  As our eyes became accustomed to the gloom we were
able with a little effort to make out the configuration of
the ground. Nothing seemed to have changed since we
had last seen it, nothing appeared to account for the
sudden alarm. Unless, indeed, the duty men had seen
something not visible to us from this point.

  Someone plucked at my arm. I turned to' see the
white, anxious face of Paula. She had been seeking me,
she said.

  “What is wrong?” she asked in the next breath.

  “No one seems to know,” I told her.

  I no sooner had the words out of my mouth than the

Icarus seemed to rock. It was as though a wave had
lifted her a few inches from the ground, tilted one end
and then the other, and let her drop back again to her
resting place, gently, without harm, as well as we could
judge.

  The wonder of it took our breath away. The power
that could lift such a ship—nigh a quarter of a mile in
length—must be tremendous. In the glare of the corri-
dor lights we stared at each other, wondering, fearing . . .

  Again came the lift. This time we did not sink, but the
surface of Neptune shrank away beneath us. The land
receded some five hundred feet. Uncanny enough it
seemed until the meaning of it dawned on me. The grav-
ity screens were being brought into use, holding the vessel
poised above the surface of the planet. If that was so,
the possibility of us taking off being in my mind, my
presence might be required in the observation room.

  On the impulse of the moment I caught Paula by the
arm.

  “Come on,” I said hurriedly, “come with me,” and
half-dragging, half-leading her we raced along the cor-
ridor, then from one level to another until I reached my
working quarters.

  Everything there was as it should be. I spent an anxious
moment testing out, thinking a call might have come
through in my absence, but though I signalled my pres-
ence and availability for work no answering signal glowed
on the bank before me. At last the vision-plate lighted
up, Rifflin’s image showed on the white surface, and his
voice addressed me from the communicator.

  “I don’t think we’ll need you, Grayne,” he said. “But
now you’re there, stand by in case of accidents.”

  “What is it?” I asked curiously.

  “Don’t know,” he returned. “Nobody does. We’re try-
ing to find out.”

  Something had happened. No doubt of that. Some
force that manifested itself by lifting and dropping the
ship again. The mystery of it lay in its origin. Whether
it had been caused by an intelligent agency or was merely
a manifestation of Nature—as Nature was on this planet—
no one seemed able to say.

  The cold beams of our searchlights stabbed down-
wards, so that every inch of the ground we had just vaca-
ted was laid bare to the searching glare. There was noth-
ing to be seen there. The ground itself lay undisturbed.

  What could it have been then?

"L_TAD we been superstitious we might have suspected
-*• •‘•some supernatural agency at work, but whatever else
interplanetary travelling has taught us we have at least
learned that most things bear a natural explanation, that
nowhere in the universe are there malign and disturbing
forces at work that cannot eventually be traced to the door
of some living intelligence.

  Thus the spread of our beams on the ground showed
us that it was no earthquake, nothing of a volcanic nature
which had awakened us. It had been the work of no
apparently visible agency. One suggestion was that a
beam from some field of force originating at a distance
had touched us momentarily in the passing, just as the
giant ray from the reflecting mirrors on Neptune’s sur-
face, making a rift in the clouds to allow the weak and
distant sunlight to trickle through, had rested on us for
a moment on Triton. It seemed not unlikely at first
thought, though to negative this idea came the fact that
none of our instruments had been affected. Not one had
recorded any unusual forco emanation.

  As we hung there poised in mid-air with the frozen light
of our white beams touching the startled green surface of
Neptune like caressing fingers the answer to the puzzle
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	327

came to us. It dropped like a blanket from the heights
of atmosphere above us, and wrapped the ship round and
round with layers of darkness.

  I turned the view-plate about in some hope of deter-
mining what this new and irruptive factor could be, but
all I could see at first was a blackness thicker than the
darkness of the night, a dull opacity that blocked out sight
of everything about us.

  Then one of the beams from our lights, sweeping round
in an arc, touched and revealed to our st3rtled gaze the
thing that was blanketing us. At the same instant the
thing itself moved, and we saw that there was not one
but many of them.

  Great monstrous things, hundreds of yards in length,
feet in girth, things with huge grasping claws, and vast
spread of wings, long spiked tails, and heads grotesquely
human, with odd wisps of beard trailing to make the re-
semblance even more horribly eerie. Eyes that gleamed
at the sight of us, then blinked and hooded as the beams
of our lights struck them.

  Flying dragons of mythology come to life! Horrors
out of Hades hovering above us!

  Yet now we knew what they were we felt relief. They
seemed less terrible once recognition had come. Knowing
what they were we could hope to cope with the menace
of them.

  Our searchlights went suddenly dim. Our engines
thundered. The Icarus shot off on the level as though to
escape from the things, and the giant dragons came cleav-
ing through the air after us. Vast things, of a strength
incalculable, with an intelligence too that enabled them to
combine in the effort to lift the ship in the grip of their
mighty claws. They had shifted us an inch or so then,
found our weight too great and let us be while they formu-
lated some new plan. That at least was how I read what
must have happened.

  And this new plan? It brought them hurtling after us,
brought others dropping down from above, striving by
sheer weight of numbers to bear us to the ground. One
came charging straight at us from out of the dank sky,
and hit us a glancing blow as the Icarus swerved to avoid
the rush. But even then the ship shuddered all along her
length, and the creature, dazed and surprised but appar-
ently uninjured, reeled off at a tangent.

  The impact woke a queer fear in me that redoubled a
moment later as there came the rasp of great claws and
iron beaks on the shell of the ship, hammer-like blows
that echoed and rang through every nook and corner. The
Icarus had been stoutly-built; she could stand stresses and
strains that would snap a liner asunder, but there was
something about the steady persistence of this attack that
had its worrying side.

  By rights the thing that charged us should have been
torn to pieces by the vehemence of the collision; the other
things attacking our shell should have found their efforts
vain, and retired with broken claws and shattered beaks;
but neither of these things had happened. In both in-
stances they seemed undamaged. It was the realization of
this that sent a cold shiver through me. Why they might
yet succeed in breaking a way through our armor!

  The communicator blared out brassily.

  “Stand by for ray attack,” came Rifflin’s voice. “Ad-
just anti-glare shields for work in atmosphere.”

  I slid the filtering screen over the view-plate, adjusted
my own glasses and handed a pair from the rack to Paula.
They were huge things, not unlike the ancient moior-gog-
gles, that fitted close over the eyes and rendered them what
one might call light-tight. Actually their function was to
ecreen the eyes from all harmful rays that might be given

off during a prolonged and concentrated beam bombard-
ment.

  We adjusted them just in time, for the next instant the
warning signal sounded through the ship. The surface of
the view-plate seemed to crackle with living light as the
rays shot out, and a beam impinged on the body of the
nearest flying thing that we could see. That moment
should have been its last. Normally anything caressed by
the heat-ray should have volatilized instantly.

  Nothing of the sort happened. Instead a slow, lazy
cloud of steam rose from the huge bulk, then from another
and another as the rays hit them until we were totally en-
veloped in the white vapor, and our view-plates and the
glassite surfaces of the observation ports covered with a
film of moisture, so that actually we were flying blind.
And on top of that something struck the Icarus again and
again until it seemed nothing made by man could possibly
stand the strain.

  That in itself was bad enough, but the situation was
made even worse when giant beaks and talons rasped more
angrily than ever on the hull. One end of the ship seemed
to lift up. They were trying to turn us over in the air as a
man might turn a stick floating in water, gripping the ser-
rations of the rocket tubes, pulling and tugging and at-
tempting to draw us the way they wished.

  For the moment we trembled, wondering where it would
all end. Our only safety seemed to lie in flight, yet they
were so hampering us that it looked doubtful if we could
t up speed with sufficient quickness to escape them,
fflin, too, must have seen this, but an idea came to him
that had not occurred to me. He signalled through that
we were taking to space.

  The Icarus tilted slowly over as though they were try-
ing to turn her end over end. She shook shudderingly in
the grasp of dozens of giant talons, then came the thunder-
ing roar of the rocket tubes, and the feeling of utter weight-
lessness as full normal repulsion was turned on in the
gravity screens. We had little or no time to adjust the
rectifying mechanism. My last conscious memory was of
attempting to wreathe my arm about Paula to steady her.
Then the room seemed to reel before my eyes and every-
thing went black.

  That phase could not have lasted long. Somewhere in
the ship someone retained the spark of consciousness neces-
sary to right matters, and notch us on to our normal ship-
created gravity. We breathed again.

  Our abrupt leap into space carried our attackers with
us. So quickly had we shot beyond the limits of atmos-
phere that they had neither the wit nor the ability to let
go. And there on the edge of space the pressure of the
air within their bodies—naturally not rigidly braccd to
withstand the absence of pressure outside—had literally
blown them to pieces, completing the work of destruction
that the friction of their swift passage through the atmos-
phere had begun.

CHAPTER XIV

Neptunian Submission

OUR experience had been too terrifying to allow of our
returning immediately to the surface of Neptune. We
could not say what other terrors of the night might not be
lying in wait for us. The Neptunians’ hurried dash for
home at the approach of sundown bore a different con-
struction now. Their fear, if it had been fear of the flying
dragon things, was understandable.

  We decided it was better policy to cruise outside the at-
mosphere until morning. Then we could descend to our
old landing ground with reasonable certainty of not being
328

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

attacked unawares by any other monstrous forms of life.

  Now that we had leisure to compare notes, no one felt
inclined to go to sleep again. It came out that the duty
men had first had their attention attracted by what sounded
like a concerted attempt to break in the entrance ports.
Probably the ship’s lights in the first instance had drawn
the queer creatures. Then, whether with their claws and
beaks or by burrowing under the bulge of the hull we
could not say, they had managed to raise the ship an inch
or so off the ground. It does not sound much, but the
magnitude of the feat becomes apparent when one thinks
of the enormous weight of that quarter-mile long metal
ship. The teamwork behind it, too, showed a certain
group intelligence that was not the least of the disturbing
characteristics of our attackers.

  They had made more than one attempt to lift the ship,
and the chances are that they would have ended by crack-
ing it open as a man cracks an egg with a spoon, had we
not quitted the ground.

  The incident had its valuable side. It brought home
to us in the most effective way what our own common
sense should already have warned us about, that we
could not afford to take anything for granted on a strange

filanet. Any assumption that conditions would be simi-
ar to those on Earth was foolish in the extreme. Both
animal and plant life might be actively inimical to us for
all we could say to the contrary, and until we had satis-
fied ourselves that they were innocuous we had bettei
assume that they were not.

  In this respect we could hardly conclude that we had
seen the last of the “dragons.” If they were gifted with
the intelligence we believed they were they would almost
certainly make retaliation for what we had done to them.
However, this time we would not be taken off our guard,
though we had yet to find the weapon that would deal
effectually with them.

  The heat ray had only acted slowly. There had been
none of that abrupt bursting into flame we had expected.
Their bodies seemed to cohtain such an excess of mois-
ture that they would not volatilize instantly, but short of
carting the dragons individually out into space there was
apparently no other way in which we could deal with
them. That, at first sight, appeared to leave us at their
mercy in atmosphere.

  At the first sign of dawn we descended again, moving
very slowly and carefully down through the clouds. The
odds were that the creatures’ habit3 were purely noctur-
nal, but since we had no exact information on that score,
we felt we could not afford to take risks.

  Actually we saw none, though one of our lookout men
reported that with the telescopes he had picked up a num-
ber of swiftly-moving black dots that appeared to be
heading towards some mountainous country on the distant
northern horizon. No one else had noticed them, how-
ever, and they had vanished before he could call atten-
tion to them.

  We steered towards our original landing ground, and
were dropping down to it when we became aware that
there was a crowd of some sort gathered there waiting for
us. There were more Neptunians and more of the mach-
ines than there had been the previous day. As we ap-

firoached nearer it became evident that they were not
ooking for us so much as looking at something dark and
bulky on the ground. Whatever it was they were keep-
ing a reasonably respectful distance from it.

  I swung the view-plate round to cover the scene, and
adjusted the magnifying sights. And at that the situa-
tion became plain. The dark thing on the ground, look-
ing huger now that the view-plate had a telescopic range,
was without doubt one of the flying dragons we had fought

with the previous night Just as obviously it must be
dead, otherwise I could not imagine the Neptunians
venturing as close to it as they had.

  Its great head was lolling oddly on one side, as though
its neck were broken. One mighty wing was spread to
its full extent, but of the other I could see no sign. It
could hardly have been doubled up out of sight under
the body. But presently I managed to make out on that
side a great curve of bone sticking out like a bent finger.
The wing membrane between had vanished.

T DID not know whether Rifflin would thank me for
breaking in on him at that moment, but I fancied the
sight was one to which his attention should be directed.
I pressed the call button communicating with him, and
almost instantly his face glowed in the vision-plate.

“What is it, Grayne?” he said. “Seen anything?”
“Only that dragon on the ground with the crowd of
Neptunians about it,” I answered. “I thought I’d better
point it out to you, and one or two things in connection
with it in case you missed them.”

  “Thanks, we’ve seen it. But what are your particular
items?”

  “Neck broken, one wing intact, the other with the bat-
like membrane missing.”

  Rifflin whistled softly. ‘Thanks for that. It’s fallen
from a height evidently, not far enough up to smash it
up, but with enough force to break its neck. I wonder—
You say all the membrane has disappeared. Sure of
that?”

  “Every last bit. Yes, I’m sure. I’ve had the telescopic
sights on it, and Miss Fontaine here has checked up my
observations. Have you any idea ... ?”

  “Of what happened? A glimmer. But we’ll have to
wait till we ground to see whether or not I’m right. You
know the trouble we had with the heat ray? Couldn’t
volatilize them. Well, it seems to me we did better than
we knew. By some sort of lucky accident one of our
beams must have struck this beast’s wing. Being mem-
brane, texture like a bat’s wing, the ray acted on it more
readily. If that’s so—I’m only guessing—we’ve found
their one vulnerable spot, and maybe can meet them on
equal terms next time, if we’re unlucky enough to meet
them again at all. I’ll note you first drew my attention to
it.”

  The vision-plate went dark. His voice ceased.

  We, Paula and I, stared at the view-plate, watching the
rapidly enlarging scene on the ground. She shuddered
as the bulk of the dead dragon grew plainer.

  “What a horrible thing! Why,” she exclaimed, “it
could carry a man off quite easily in those huge claws,
like an eagle would carry a sparrow.”

  “Only even more easily,” I said, and again she shiv-
ered.

  “What’s up?" I asked. “Not feeling well?”

  “Quite well, Phil, only . . . Perhaps it’s foolish, but
the sight of that thing there on the ground ... It frightens
me ... as if . .

  “As if what?” I said encouragingly as she stopped.

  “I don’t know. The thought of it carrying anyone
off . . . one of us . . . It’s a terrible thought.”

  Her face had gone pale, her eyes a little too bright.
I put one arm around her and drew her to me.

  “You’re tired,” I said. “No sleep worth speaking of
last night. And overwrought. You’ve seen things . . .
Better not look at it, if that’s how the sight affects you.”
But she did not take my advice. Instead she stared
fascinated at the view-plate, though after a while it seemed
that the fear that had seized her must have passed.

  We were dropping silently, so that the Neptunians could
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	329

not have heard us. Apart from that they were not look-
ing skywards. I should imagine they did not expect to
see us again, perhaps had concluded that the flying
dragons at the cost of the life of one of their number must
have carried us off, ship and all.

  A thousand feet above them we gave a call on our
siren, graded low so as not to startle them too unduly.
Even as It was we threw a pretty stiff scare into them.
The crowd milled about, went into a panic, and scattered
blindly. In the midst of running away the truth must
have dawned on some of them. Glances were thrown sky-
wards. One after another came to a stop. Some of the
machines that had already started were brought about.
We could almost feel eyes going from us to the dead thing
on the ground, then back again, perhaps an attempt to
fit in two successive phenomena as cause and effect

  They cleared away sufficiently to allow us room to land.
We came down lightly as a feather, grounded, and were
at rest. Our entrance port was flung open. First to greet
us was the Neptunian leader of the previous day. He
had others with him, men to whom he deferred. There
was nothing richer or more distinctive about their dress,
but it was evident from his bearing towards them that
they were higher up in the social or administrative scale
of the planet.

At the sight of us they became voluble. Their inability
to convey to us the thoughts in their minds upset them to
an amazing extent, needlessly so. It was evident enough
from the signs they made at what they were driving. They
ointed to us, to the Icarus, and then to the dead flying
ragon. Their very attitude was in itself a question.

  We indicated by signs that the dragon’s demise was
due to us. They seemed incredulous, then amazed, and
finally overjoyed. Perhaps they had visions of the Icarus
sailing round the planet and, almost effortlessly slaying
the dragons by the score, finally exterminating the vicious
brood. Just as well no doubt that they did not know
the exact facts of the case.

T UCKY for us, though, that this had happened in this
way. It certainly broke the ice for us with a ven-
geance, and gave us a standing with the Neptunians that
we might have found it difficult to attain otherwise.

  Now we had got so far Rifflin and the scientists with
him decided to examine the body while they had the op-
portunity. Since it was highly probable that it was by
no means the last of the creatures we would have to deal
with, the more we could learn about them the better. I
was for hanging back myself, particularly as it wasn’t my
party, but Rifflin noticed me and with some idea no doubt
of marking in this fashion my call to him, beckoned to
me to come along.

  “You’d better stay behind ... in the ship,” I said to
Paula. But she shook her head.

  “You may find it upsetting. You didn’t like what you
saw of it earlier,” I pointed out.

  “I know. 1 probably won’t like it,” she returned. “But
I’d rather come. I want to be near you, with you.”

  I had an idea that she meant to say something more,
but if so she changed her mind quickly enough, and said
nothing. I stared at her. This two-sided mind of hers
was something rather beyond my comprehension. Some
nebulous fear that probably would never crystallize at all
had seized on her. Too vague a thing possibly even to
put into words. Oh, well.

  It was much as'Rifflin had surmised to me. The black-
ened and calcined remains of the wing bone showed that
the bat-like membrane had been blasted clear of its frame-
work. Sundry singed spots on the body showed too where
the ray had got home, though it would have taken a steady

and continuous play to have done any considerable dam-
age there.

  The wing-spread must have been between forty and
fifty feet from tip to. tip. The body looked huge, though
actually I should imagine it was lighter than it seemed,
even taking into consideration the lifting power of the
wings. On the other hand one must remember that the
air of Neptune is much denser than that of Earth, which
would to a great extent counteract the effect of the extra
weight. The head, as I have already recorded, was oddly
human, this despite the short, heavy beak. Queerly
enough the beak, if anything, seemed to accentuate the
human likeness. The body itself gradually tapered away
to a barb-like tail, that in some ways reminded us of the
sting of a scorpion.

  It was this suggestion that made us go warily in touch-
ing the body, and it was just as well we were careful, for
we learned later that the creature was in the habit of using
the tail as a weapon. It possessed certain unpleasant
toxic qualities, and while not actively poisonous in the
accepted sense of the word, brought on a species of paraly-
sis from which recovery was doubtful or at any rate diffi-
cult in the absence of prompt remedial measures.

  A fairly thorough examination and a further test with
our portable rays convinced us that our original ideas were
correct. The body itself was impervious to the stab of
the beam to the extent that it penetrated only slowly and
with considerable difficulty. The wing membrane on the
other hand vanished instantly the ray was turned on it
A puff of smoke, and it was not.

  The great saucer-like eyes presented a feature of unu-
sual interest. They were many-faceted, like those of a
fly, a condition that, outside the insect world, is unique
among the living things.

  Our Neptunian friends had watched us from a distance.
None of them, even though they knew the creature was
well and truly dead, seemed anxious to approach nearer
than fifty feet or so. Indeed their whole behavior struck
me as rather odd. That they possessed a civilization ad-
vanced many stages beyond the primitive was amply evi-
dent from the little we had seen of them. One would
have imagined that they would not have existed so long
on their planet without having devised ways and means
of combating the menace of the flying dragons. But ap-
parently they had not. They appeared curiously helpless
in this regard, even abjectly afraid. It, like many other
things that puzzled us about Neptune, was only solved
after we had gained their confidence and were able to
learn something about their history.

  We debated among ourselves what should be done about
the body of the dragon. Manifestly it could not be left
where it was, to rot, and, perhaps, breed a pestilence of a
minor sort On the other hand we had already formed so
poor an opinion of the Neptunians’ initiative that we felt
sure they would take no steps in the matter.

  It was Whitby in the end who suggested purely as an
experiment that we should try and destroy it with the con-
centrated battery of the ship’s heat ray. Of course the
ordinary type of atomic disintegrator would have dealt
with it in half a second, but we carried none. Indeed
their use was forbidden even on the Guard ships except
in case of dire emergency. It was felt by the Council that
it was far too destructive a weapon to be allowed to get
into general use.

  Well, the battery was turned on. It took thirty-five
minutes by the clock to reduce the body of the dragon to
ashes, and even then the ground for yards round was
baked powder-dry.

  The Neptunians watched with awe the beams from the
hovering Icarus, and at the end when we descended again
.530	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

to our landing place and emerged from the vessel we were
treated with the respect men might accord gods descended
from the sky. Three of the Neptunians, who seemed to
be the leading men, came towards us, prostrated them-
selves before Rifflin, Whitby and another of our men who
happened to be wkh them at the time, each gently lifted
the foot of the Earthman facing him and placed it on his
own neck.

  Rifflin, Whitby and the other man stood thus uneasily
for a moment in the attitude of conquerors. Then with
a short laugh Rifflin withdrew his foot, and bending down
touched the Neptunian on the shoulder, signing to him to
rise.

  The whole thing seemed rather ridiculous to us.
                   CHAPTER XV
                   The Domed City

TT is not business to record here with any precision of

  detail the minor events of the next few weeks, or the
long and tedious process following that by which at last
we managed to make the Neptunians understand that we
wished to visit other parts of their planet, learn something
of the history of their civilization, become acquainted with
their resources, and acquire a knowledge of their language.
That has already been dealt with more fully elsewhere.*

   Suffioe it to state here that the way was not made plain
to ub all at once. We met with doubts and hesitations;
we were faced with suspicion, and our motives questioned.
At times there was even an undercurrent of hostility. But
more by good luck than for any other reason we won
through eventually.

  We could do nothing until we had learned at least a
smattering of their language. That took us months, for it
proved a difficult task, and at the beginning we had little
in common, from a linguistic point of view. However,
they seemed eager to teach us and at the end we were able,
without fear of misunderstanding, to make our wishes
known.

  It was a couple of months or more before we were al-
lowed to visit any of their cities, but at last it was inti-
mated to us that our wish was to be granted. So one day
we took off in the direction indicated, towards that distant
collection of glistening domes on the southern horizon. A
couple of Neptunians, our friend of the first day, and the
leader of the following morning’s arrivals, consented
rather diffidently to accompany us in the ship. Their
names were Halvus Tar and Mahbut Ahl.

  The rest of the Neptunians followed us in their mech-
anical vehicles while we slackened the pace of the ship
so as not to get too far ahead of them. None of them
seemed to travel very far on foot, indeed all the time we
were on the planet, with one exception, I don’t remember
seeing a Neptunian walking farther than a few yards.
It was not that they could not. They possessed a more
or less perfect mechanical form of progression, however,
and they did not see why they should expend their energies
in doing what the bird-like vehicles would do for them.

  The domed city turned out not to be so large as we
had imagined. Really it was only one building, though
the large roof space had been split up into a number of
domes and cupolas, all made of that vitreous substance
we had noticed before, and which was neither glass nor
qu«irtzite. For long we thought it was some compound,
but subsequently discovered that it was actually a min-
eral, mines of which were found in various parts of the

•tn "Problems of Interstellar Communication.” Vol. 2. Chapter
3. a work published In the year 2237 at Earth Center City
by the Interplanetary Board of Control.

planet. Exceptionally light, exceedingly tough, yet read-
ily workable above a certain temperature it was an ideal
substance in many ways. The Neptunians found an in-
finity of uses for it.

  There was nothing in the nature of a landing ground
anywhere in the neighborhood of the domes, but Halvus
Tar signed to us that we could descend wherever we
leased. We chose a spot of level ground about five
undred yards away from the city. It was as we were
descending that a fact that should have been apparent to
us before became obvious. The domes were not the roofs
of buildings, unless those buildings were somwhere under-
ground. Their edges were set flush with the soil and de-
spite their look of extraordinary transparency we found
we could not see through them from above. This, no
doubt, was due to the highly polished surface they pre-
sented, and which reflected back the light in such a way
that we could see only our own mirrored images.

  The rotational watch was left in charge of the ship, and
the rest of us disembarked to make our first acquaintance
with a Neptunian city. Each of the domes was provided
with a number of doors set at ground level, and guarded
by men armed with those odd glass rods. Apparently
we were expected for the door we were approaching
opened at our advent and under the guidance of Halvus
Tar and Mahbut Ahl we were taken inside. The door
slid to behind us with an absence of sound that was un-
canny in the extreme.

  Once inside we blinked in the dim light, so different from
that outside, and for some time we had difficulty in seeing
with any degree of clarity. Our two Neptunians, how-
ever, were differently circumstanced. They removed the
goggle-like glasses from their eyes, and for the first time
we had an opportunity of seeing an inhabitant of the
planet without those masking contrivances.

  In the dim light their eyes seemed oddly phosphores-
cent. They glowed in this artificial twilight with the
greenness of flawless emeralds. Seemingly they saw per-
fectly. This half-light was evidently natural to them.

  We were very vaguely aware of other dim forms flit-
ting along, passing and re-passing us, and at regular in-
tervals crossing our path, so that we concluded we were
moving along the equivalent of city street levels. The
way we were taking dipped and rose, and dipped and rose
again, wound and twisted until we judged we must have
come at least a mile from the entrance and descended
some five or six hundred feet. The domes which in a
dim way had been visible above us for the first few min-
utes of our walk seemed to have vanished now. I judged
that we were well underground now.

TF this was a fair sample of the cities of the Neptunians
it looked as though the race existed subterraneanly.
Whether this was from choice or through force of circum-
stances did not immediately appear. Reasoning back
from their fear of the darkness of night on the surface of
their planet I felt inclined to believe, however, that at
some period or other of the race’s history they must have
been driven by the stress of events to take shelter under-
ground.

Paula at my side murmured, “I don’t like this, Phil. I
think we’re foolish to trust ourselves here . . . like this.”
“Nonsense,” I said. “What’s there to worry about?”
“Oh ... I don’t know. Only ... I do worry. Wo-
man’s intuition?”

  One of our Neptunian guides turned suddenly to stare
at us. I caught the green flare of his eyesJrn the gloom.
For one wild moment I had a feeling that he understood
and resented what had been said.

  “Sh,” I said. “They’re listening.”
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE

331

  Foolish to think that? I don’t know. No more fool-
ish it seems to me than was Paula’s suggestion.

  1 shrugged my own idea aside the next instant.

  “Of course they’re listening. Of course they hear us,”
I amplified. “But I hardly think they understand much,
unless our tones tell them anything. So, if you wish to
speak, make your voice unemotional. What’s this about
intuition and being afraid now?”

  “Put it this way, Phil. We’ve assumed—I don’t know
what right we have to think that—that these Neptunians
are all the one race. How foolish we would think a
stranger who imagined from his experience of one section
that we of Earth were all white, all yellow, or all black?
We must allow for divergences of type here as on our
own planet.”

  “Yes?” I said softly, encouragingly. I had the glim-
mer of an idea where this was leading.

  “But the differences here,” she ran on, “may not be of
race and color, but of type. These are one race”—the
dim-seen sweep of her arm indicated our Neptunians—
“the flying dragons another. A third, a fourth, perhaps
many more types that we have not yet seen. Who is to
say which is the dominant race?”

  An interesting speculation, I thought. As a matter of
purely academic interest, quite intriguing. That it should
touch our little lives in any considerable fashion seemed
inconceivable. I told her so, in soft-voiced tones, terms
calculated to soothe her vagrant fears. She agreed with

  “The little electrodes felt warm against my
forehead. Out of the chaos of thought, ideas
began to form themselves.”

(Illustration by Paul)

me ... in words. Her tightened grip on my arm, how-
ever, showed me that in thought she still maintained her
own ideas.

  We came to a spot where this underground city widened
out. A sort of circus perhaps. There were steps lead-
ing up to it. A soft-toned light carried by one of the
guides flashed down to reveal them to us. I saw the
Neptunians’ hands go up to their faces, sliding their pe-
culiar goggle-like glasses into place, and I wondered.
Paula’s grip on my arm tightened not inconsiderably.

  We turned a corner . . .

  We were in ji vast amphitheater. It glowed with lights,
soft-shaded blue lights that because of the dimness in
which we had hitherto moved dazzled our eyes momen-
tarily. A vast crowd had here assembled. We could
hear the purring murmur of many voices, see the massed
forms bathed in the ghostly light.
332	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  Whatever there might be at the farther end was hidden
by the press of people.

  “What in the stars is this?” came Rifflin’s voice from
somewhere at hand. “A mass meeting of welcome?”
“No,” I said, thinking the question was addressed to
me. “I think not. They’re facing the other way.”

  “Oh, it’s you, Grayne. Why, so they are. So that’s it
then. They don’t seem to know we’re here. Well, we’ll
be introduced quickly enough, I should imagine. But—
mark this, all of you, and pass the word along to those
who can’t hear. I’m purposely speaking low—keep as
close together as we can. No, I don’t anticipate that any-
thing will go wrong. On the contrary. Still, one never
knows. Other planets, other customs. Just as well to be
prepared in case of anything.”

  I did not think much could happen. I doubt if any-
one did. We were all armed, and the Neptunians, from
what we had so far seen of them, seemed not to possess
any effective weapon. The functions of those glass rods
they wore dangling at their belts was problematical.
Nevertheless the habit of caution was strong within us.
Strangers on a strange planet could hardly be blamed for
not accepting everything immediately at its face value.

COMEWHERE in the distance a gong clanged brazenly,
l~* and its rolling note echoed and re-echoed round the
amphitheater. It seemed a signal. The murmuring died
away. A silence—a death-like hush in which our foot-
falls were the loudest sounds—dropped down like a velvet
curtain. The far end of the amphitheater which had hith-
erto been in profound darkness as far as our eyes were con-
cerned, became visible, bathed in the blue light that seemed
the only form of underground illumination the Neptun-
ians possessed. We were able to see that some sort of a
platform or dais occupied the space.

   The dais itself was clear, save for one particular spot.
There, in almost the exact center, was an object whose pre-
cise nature, whose precise form even we could not exactly
define. It seemed more or less cylindrical; we had an
idea that it was made of crystal, but the waves of blue
light, coming from a hundred and one concealed points,
lapped it round, advanced and receded like the waves of
the sea, so that it was alternately revealed and obscured.

  “Gods!” Someone’s voice hissed in my ear. “What-
ever can that be?”

  Some object of worship was the first answer that jumped
into my mind, some radioactive thing—this I judged from
the odd pulsntions of light that came from it with the
regularity of a heart-beat—in principle unknown to us of
the Inner Planets. We could only stare, stunned and a lit-
tle afraid.

Someone, Halvus Tar I think, touched my arm. His
ure, dimly seen, suggested that we were to approach
dais. His colleagues had conveyed similar wishes
to the others. Our little party moved forward, half-re-
luctantly, wholly curious.

  At the foot of the dais we would have halted, but again
came that touch from our mentors urging us on. So we
climbed the few steps, and halted a foot away from the
thing. Crystal of some sort it seemed at first and even
second glance. It was oddly opalescent, queerly opaque
where one would have expected transparency. Little flick-
ers of living light playing round it like caressing fingers.
They hurt even our eyes if we looked steadily at them
for any length of time. I noted that the Neptunians had
again donned those protective goggles they had worn on
the surface.

  I don’t know how the idea first came into my mind, but
of a sudden the feeling came over me that this seeming
crystal globe, with its flickering lights, was a living thing,

an intelligence, if you like; something weird and strange
in our experience, but none the less as much a definite
entity as any one of us.

  And at that the blue lights flickered and died, and the
green and white and rosy tints of the globe leaped up,
brighter, more actively than ever. The surrounding dark-
ness perhaps made them seem all the more intense. Some-
thing within my brain began to throb. It was as though
unseen hands had reached out to make contact with us.

  “Phil, Phil”—Paula, creeping into the protecting curve
of my arm spoke in urgent whispers into my ear—“it. . .
it. . . whatever it is. . . it is trying to speak to us.”

CHAPTER XVI

An Ominous Interruption

HTHE idea staggered me. I could not believe it. I did
not want to believe it. It seemed too incredible, too
utterly preposterous. Yet something—that thing throb-
bing in my brain, perhaps—insisted that Paula was right;
that this was j ust what the globe was trying to do, that the
throbbing itself was one result of its efforts to communi-
cate with us.

  It was an elusive thought that echoed in my brain. An
idea like an air half-heard. Something forgotten, yet
haunting, aggravating in its very evasiveness. As though
my brain were trying to register the emotions of this in-
telligence—if so it was—in front of us, and finding itself
frustrated by some as yet incalculable factor. A thought
that shaded off into irritability, anger that we could not
respond, a vague contempt of intellects not capable of
rising to its level.

  Our two mentors, Halvus Tar and Mahbut Ahl, who
had advanced with us to the dais, were staring at us, not
quite sure. Then abruptly Halvus Tar seemed to reach
some decision, or perhaps an understanding of the situa-
tion came to him. He bent down. It was then I noticed
at the foot of the dais a pile of some things not unlike
audiophone head-pieces. He handed one to Rifflin, mo-
tioning him to put it on, passed a second to Whitby, and
so on until he and Mahbut Ahl between them had equipped
all our little company.

  I have said the instruments seemed like audiophone
head-pieces, but there were differences of detail. There
was for a start a band that fitted round the forehead, and
at intervals there were tiny little disk-like electrodes—so
we judged them to be—on the under side that clamped
themselves against the skin of the forehead. From either
side, from ear to ear, across the top of the head, there ran
three curved pieces of metal, set a distance of an eighth
of an inch apart. On the exact center of the crown of
the middle span was set a glittering filmy disk surmounted
by tiny thread-like antennae. The whole quivered inces-
santly, like gold leaf when one breathes on it. From each
head-piece there ran a small yet surprisingly strong wire
that led to the base of the globe itself.

  There was a pause while we adjusted the head-pieces.
For an instant after that a queer confusion of thought filled
my mind, doubts, queries fears ... I know not what else.
Then that cleared, and I became aware of a new recepti-
vity and placidity of mind. I realized then what this must
be . . . some mechanical means of thought-transference.
An instrument that could tune in on our thoughts, as we
could tune in on the globe’s.

  Not so wonderful a thing now one saw it in operation.
The underlying principle was by no means new. Even
at the beginning of the twentieth century in scientific cir-
cles it was known that there were such things as thought
waves, that they were no more than a series of high fre-
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	333

quency vibrations originating in the neurones of the brain
tissue. The range of these vibrations, however, was too
limited and their intensity too feeble, and no practical
means had been devised, despite two and a half centuries
of work and experiment, of amplifying them mechanically.
Perhaps it was well for the human race that they had not.
However, it seemed that the Neptunians, or at least this
entity of the globe, had solved the problem.

  The lights no longer played about the surface of the
crystal. It had become illuminated by a uniform golden
glow that pulsed slightly as we watched and waited. Some-
thing seemed to be playing about the surface of my brain
like ragged clouds driving across the sky ahead of a breeze.
The little electrodes felt warm against my forehead, with
an odd prickling sensation. That passed almost at once,
and out of the chaos of thought ideas began to shape them-
selves. It was as though I had picked up something in
mid-sentence, the first half of the thought whirled away
before I could grasp it.

  The solution came in what the globe was saying, or
rather what it seemed to be saying, for there was no sound
uttered at all.

     .. some of you have difficulty in understanding. All
of you are not of equal intelligence, but those who fail to
comprehend all that is thought can have it explained to
them later by those who understand.

  “I am all that is left of the great days of this planet. I
am Gark, the Great Brain. I live, I think, and I record the
things that happen. But I cannot do. I have passed be-
yond that. Soon I shall pass altogether, as this race shall
pass. It is declining now, its initiative gone, a world
drifting indolently towards extinction. When there is none
left to tend me, I too shall pass, shrivel and cease to be.”

  There was more on the same lines, much that I did not
understand, thought gaps that I was only able to fill in
later when we compared notes and between us achieved
some sort of a synthesized impression of what had really
been told us. And since it will save much time and make
many things plainer I prefer to give the information re-
ceived from the brain in the globe more or less in the form
in which we ultimately cast it.

■^JEPTUNE, or Tex, as its inhabitants called it, was a
■*- world much older than our own. It had reached the
pinnacle of its civilization while we of Earth were still

firimitives. Then, too, it had developed along different
ines. The Neptunians were essentially an agricultural
people, with only a limited knowledge of mechanics. The
climate of most of the planet was mild, even genial. In
those days, too, they were warmed by two suns, one ac-
tually the larger and more powerful a very great dis-
tance away, the other, smaller and not so strong, com-
paratively close.*

  The Neptunians we must assume in the absence of any
evidence to the contrary were all of the one race with the
one language and probably little variation in customs
from one locality to another. The great brain at least
never referred to any divergences of race or color, and
the history of the Neptunians contain no record of any
such barriers between peoples. That being so, we can
only conclude that on Neptune there had never been the
necessity for any such welding together of nations as
there has been on our own planet.

  Probably never at any time were they a very numerous
people. Perhaps the very smoothness of their existence

•At first Bight this statement seems almost incredible, yet It
brings support to the theory of a certain school of astronomers
who hold that Jupiter is more of a solar than a planetary
body, and that that planet and the sun may have at one
period formed a binary star. Jupiter, being a much smaller
body naturally cooled quicker, and, the flres of its radioactive
Interior dying away, assumed planetary characteristics.

was one factor in keeping their numbers down. For the
greater part of their history they did not know the im-
mediate pressure of necessity, or the inexorable threat of
undefeated nature.

  Of animal life there was apparently little or none, and
life capable of flight seemed to be unknown with the ex-
ception of the dragons, about whom I shall have more to
say later. It is enough to note now that they were not
native to Neptune, and were actually comparative late
comers to that planet Apparently the only bird life was
something in the nature of the ostrich or more correctly
the extinct moa of New Zealand, a huge wingless bird
that probably stood some twenty feet in height, and that
passed out of existence in the early days of Neptunian
civilization.

  It can be readily understood then that when the Nep-
tunians began to experiment with some sort of mechani-
cal traction they should go to nature for it, and evolve
a machine on the lines of the one form of life they knew
that was capable of covering great distances at a high
speed. There as elsewhere they went to nature for their
models. Man’s discovery of the principle of the wheel
seems to be a direct violation of this law which otherwise
is general throughout the universe.

  Apart from this and one other essay—if so it can be
called—in applied mechanics, the Neptunians seem to
have been rather a failure as inventors. Their bent took
them more along psychological and chemical lines. Their
notation is different from ours and their time conception
is difficult for an Earth mind to grasp, and consequently
there is a good deal of haziness about certain aspects of
their chronology. It is a moot point for instance whether
they succeeded in achieving a remarkable stretch of long-
evity or whether they merely mean that the gradual era-
dication of all disease-producing factors enabled them to
keep their full health and strength almost to the end of
their allotted span. A good many wise minds are in-
clined to think that the latter was the case. All through
the universe each planet’s time conception seems to be
based on the period taken by the particular world to
complete a revolution round the sun. Since Neptune
takes 164 years to do what Earth does in one year it
would seem to follow that the average three-score years
and ten of an Earthman’s lifetime—more simply the time
taken by our planet to make seventy complete revolutions
round its central sun—would give the Neptunians, if their
year was calculated on their planet’s orbital time, the
unexampled life-span of eleven thousand of our years.

  But there again all attempts to reach some satisfactory
basis of computation are complicated by the imponder-
able fact of their second sun, for it is impossible to say
in what way the intrusion of Jupiter as a solar element
may have affected their calculations. Presumably it must
have had some influence on them, just as the fact that their
relations to Jupiter and the sun were constantly chang-
ing and must have admitted of considerable variation,
climatic and otherwise, undoubtedly spurred them on to
the invention of the solar mirror plants.

  In this no doubt they were hampered by the further fact
that they had never been very good astronomers. As
time went on, however, it became necessary to rely more
and more on the heat and light of the distant central sun.
The powers of the nearer one were not only waning rapid-
ly, but the relative positions of the two planets, with all
that that implied, were constantly changing. Experiments
were made. One invention after another was tested out.
Some were rank failures from the start. Others, while
practicable in a small way, proved unable to work to the
necessary capacity on a large scale. Finally the present
334	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

system of giant collecting mirrors was adopted, and a meth-
od evolved of storing the light and energy thus obtained.

THIS done the race had little to fear until some date so
far distant in the future that it was almost impossible
to visualize. Their needs were simple. They were not a
prolific people; they had none of the predatory urge to
reach beyond the confines of their own world that char-
acterizes the folk of the Inner Planets, and lacking the spur
now, either of imagination or necessity, they sank into a
state of calm indolence that might well be called the pro-
longed twilight of their race.

  Yet it must not be supposed that Neptune was entirely
devoid of men of brains and intelligence. She ftad plenty
of them, though their interests lay along different lines
from ours. The Great Brain himself was a sample of one
not altogether successful experiment, an attempt to create a
kind of supermen. More correctly, it was an endeavor to
reduce the nation’s functions to purely intellectual concep-
tions. Its failure lay in its very success.

  Centuries of experimentation evolved beings with mind
powers far superior to anything of which we have any rec-
ord. They probed the innermost secrets of their own plan-
et; they became vast storehouses of knowledge, and in the
process they lost all we count worth having. They devel-
oped the brain at the expense of the body. They became
huge, bloated, football-like things, surprisingly delicate
and fragile, and all their bodily functions and appendages
shriveled and retracted until there was scarcely a vestige
of them left The gain in intellect was more than offset
by the complete loss of all powers of locomotion.

   In the end it became necessary to protect the Great Brains
against all the accidents to which ordinary flesh is heir.
They were encased in specially constructed globes such as
the one we saw; their mental functions were supplemented
to a great extent by mechanical contrivances, and actually
the Great Brain itself within the sheltering globe was im-
mersed in a liquid that combined the joint effects of a
cooling spray and a supply of nourishment. It had to be
replenished at regular intervals.

   Despite this, one Great Brain after another shriveled and
perished, until at last only one was left. The common
people on whom no such experiments had been made re-
garded it both as an object of a mild form of worship, and
as an oracle to whom they referred any knotty points that
arose. Its ability to draw on its storehouse of knowledge
was of course limited by its own experience. It coirid only
think ahead on the lines of what had happened in the past.
It had reached th& stage where it was no longer capable, if
indeed it ever had been, of evolving a pure concept of
imagination from out of its inner consciousness.

  Whether our advent and the proof we brought of teem-
ing life beyond the confines of Neptune itself came as a
shock and a surprise, we could not say. The Brain seemed
incapable of registering emotions of that sort. So much
for that.

  For long ages the Neptunians had lived in a world where
climatic conditions were variable over a considerable de-
gree. A good deal of their existence had been spent in
what was to us a feeble and depressing light. Their dome-
like cities had been built mostly underground in the first
instance with the idea of combatting the conditions gen-
erated by long periods of cold. When the powers of the
artificial suns gave a more or less uniform climate to the
greater part of the planet and life on the surface became
not only possible but tolerable they found it hard to shake
the customs of centuries. Also their eyes were unable to
stand the strain of the new light without artificial aid. A
new factor, too, had arisen to make them glad of a place
of refuge underground during the long, cold nights.

  The origin of the flying dragons is wrapped in mystery,
to the extent that it is the subject of numberless conflicting
legends. The one thing certain seems to be that they were
not native to the planet itself. Our own savants who have
had opportunity of examining these legends are divided
in their opinions. Some hold that they may have been
brought to the planet in a sort of egg-form on a meteor,
and there have spawned, increased and multiplied in ap-
parently congenial conditions. Such a thing is not un-
likely. Another school of thought holds the even more
disturbing theory that they were an intelligent race of
Planet 9—the ancient Pluto—who found some method of
crossing space and establishing a colony on Neptune.

  As I have said already, much of what Gark, the Great
Brain, communicated to us was unintelligible at the time,
and it was only later we were able to piece together as a
comprehensive whole the various items confided to us. At
least we seemed to have convinced Gark of our good inten-
tions, and satisfied him that our advent was not likely to
adversely affect the people of Tex. It was intimated to us
that we were free to come and go as we pleased within cer-
tain limits not then specified to us, and that in order to
further communication between the two peoples we should
finish learning their language as soon as possible.

  With that Gark signified he was done with us for the
present. The head-pieces were removed and disconnected.
Almost at that instant the utterly unexpected happened.

  So that we might keep in communication with the ship
when we were distant from her in circumstances such as
these, each man was provided with a small radio-phone,
built practically on the same principle as those in our space
suits. They were compact little gadgets that could be
conveniently held in the palm of one’s hand, though usu-
ally we wore them hidden under our jackets.

  Mine at that moment gave a tiny little buzz, actually
more of a prickling sensation than a sound. Simultan-
eously the same thing must have happened to the others.
In the act of pulling out my radio-phone I saw Rifflin
reach for his.

  “I’ll communicate,” he said abruptly. “No one knows
what we may start if they see us all doing the same thing
simultaneously. Misunderstand our intentions . . .”

  He stopped. But I already had my disk out before I
grasped the purport of his order. It was so small a thing
that held in my hand close to my ear it was more than
half-concealed, and so I heard the message that came
through. It was startling enough.

  “General call,” said a clear yet tiny voice right in my
ear. “Return at once. Ship being . . .”

  And there tantalizingly in mid-sentence the message
broke off abruptly.

  I looked across at Rifflin. His face had gone white and
tense; in the blue light it looked absolutely ghastly.

  “Something’s gone wrong with the ship,” he said in
tones he tried desperately to hold even. “We must get
out of here at once.”

  In an instinctive movement of protection I drew Paula
closer to me.

CHAPTER XVII

Swallowed in Darkness

W/E raced on through the blue-lit passages, towards
” the exit gate, cold fear clutching at our hearts.
Our two guides, Halvus Tar and Mahbut Ahl, had never
been far from us all that day; now by some species of
instinct they seemed to divine the reason for our haste, and
they hurried us on through the press of the dispersing
crowd. Low-voiced commands broke a way for us, and
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	335

once when we were barred by some of the Neptunians who
either could or would not understand that they must give
way to us, Halvus Tar drew from his belt one of those
odd-shaped glass rods whose function had intrigued us.

  I	gasped, thinking it was a ray of some sort by which
he meant to blast a way through his compatriots for us.
Even though the need was pressing such a course was far
too callous for us, and impulsively I made to stop him.
But before I could even touch his arm, his finger must'
have flickered on the release. There came a flash of light
of such intensity that momentarily we were blinded, and
those who had barred our way shrank back with a groan
of fear and pain.

  They were not hurt, however. We were soon to leam
that the flash was relatively harmless in that it did no
lasting damage. Its actual effect on eyes attuned to dim
lights was a kind of temporary blindness and helplessness
that passed off in a very few minutes. A kind of hood
over the projector served both to concentrate the flash in
the desired direction and shield the wielder of the weapon
to a great extent.

  Its effect on those in the direct line of fire could be
gauged from our own experience. We were behind Halvus
Tar and so shielded to an extent. We felt none of that
momentary paralysis that was one of the results of the
flash. Nevertheless our eyes were dazzled as though by
some peculiarly vivid blaze of lightning; we blinked, and
by contrast the blue-lit twilight about us seemed all the
thicker and more profound. It took some seconds and we
had covered a good many yards more before we felt our-
selves normal again.

  We must have made the dome exit in record time,
though to us it seemed an interminable way. As we ran,
Rifflin kept trying to tune in to the ship on his radio-
phone. He met with no success. He appeared puzzled
about it. It was not merely, he said, that he could get
no reply, but there was interference going on. He fancied
that the interruption was of an electrical nature from the
crackling in the phones, but in the absence of precise
data it was impossible to say whether it was the result of
accident or design.

  Quite naturally we had expected to emerge into a world
bright and warm-lit by the glow of the artificial suns,
but the moment we came into the open air we were sur-
prised to find ourselves plunged into a blackness blacker
than the darkest night. Halvus Tar and his companion
shrank back with vague cries of alarm, and gave us to
understand that they had no intention of accompanying
us any farther. Lacking the means to persuade them, we
were obliged to let them remain behind.

  It was hard to make out what was really happening.
Visibility ceased abruptly a few feet away from us, yet the
darkness had none of the consistency of fog. Rather
was it an utter absence of all light, a definite positive
rather than a negative quality. It was something akin
to the blackness of space, yet solid and tangible as that
could never be.

  The glow of the artificial suns had either ceased for
the time being or else was hidden behind the blanketing
darkness. Even the steady, powerful rays of our pocket
lamp carried no distance. The beams traveled a foot or
so from the projectors, then snapped off as sharply and
as completely as though severed by the stroke of a naked
sword. As though they possessed in themselves the defin-
ite rigidity of a solid.

  The profound absence of all light did not so much
frighten as bewilder us. We had no idea what could have
caused it or of what it portended. It might be a natural
condition or might be an artificially induced one. The
call from the ship seemed to indicate that it was the
latter.

  Stirred by I know not what thought, I cast a glance
behind us in the direction of the domed city we had just
left. I suppose I should have guessed, but I did not. I
saw with a shock of surprise, not unmixed with terror,
that it had utterly disappeared, swallowed up by the desert
of darkness behind us.

  “Rifflin, Whitby”—I hardly knew my own voice—“the
city’s no longer in sight,” I managed to say.

  No more than that, but what I implied was obvious.
Rifflin muttered something that I did not catch. I think
he was blessing me for a fool, thus to blurt out what had
better not been said. For the truth was that now the
city was no longer visible we had lost the one landmark
that would hold us to a straight course. Of course we all
had compasses, but as we had little or no idea of where
Neptune’s magnetic pole was situated, and anyway we
had not taken the bearings of the city in relation to the
Icarus, they were useless.

' I 'HE fact of the matter was that we were hopelessly
lost Whether the condition was anything more than
temporary remained to be seen.

  Rifflin came close to me. “I wouldn’t say what you
think in future,” he said in a low voice, speaking not un-
kindly. “I know the temptation is almost irresistible, but
just as well to keep a discovery quiet until we know ex-
actly what its implications are. Which is not to say that
you aren’t to tell me anything you stumble across.”

  I	felt myself go hot under the sting of the rebuke, well-
merited though I knew it to be.

  “I’m sorry . . . won’t happen again,” I mumbled.

  “All right Steady, men, keep in touch with each other.
Don’t go stringing out. There’s something about this dark-
ness I don’t understand yet”

  Obedient to the call we all crowded into a little knot.

  Rifflin took out his compass—I think the idea that had
occurred to me had also passed through his mind—and
turned the beam of his pocket lamp on it. The needle was
behaving most erratically. It would swing round in a
half circle, hang quivering there for a second or so, then
swing back in an entirely different direction. Never did
it stop at the same point twice, and as the darkness seem-
ed to thicken—if that was possible—it began literally to
race right round the dial.

  “Yes, I see.” Rifflin spoke. “Some sort of magnetic
disturbance. Probably a storm of sorts, the kind we’ve
never heard of before. Well, I suppose it’s only to be
expected that conditions, meteorological and otherwise,
may be radically different here from what we’re used to
elsewhere.”

  I	thought to myself how they varied even over three
worlds. Venus, with thunder-storms of an intensity ab-
solutely unknown to Earth, storms during which no living
thing could go out in the open and hope to survive. Rain
that fell in blind sheets. Lightning that never failed to do
almost unbelievable damage.

  And little ruddy Mars that knew neither lightning nor
thunder had its choking red dust storms that drove all
life under cover, fierce storms with driving sand particles
so fine that one could not feel them if one took up a hand-
ful. Yet when they were driven intensely before a gale
they could tear the clothes on one to ribbons. There is a
story of an Earthman caught by them who was actually
skinned alive by the force of the sand-blast

  Knowing all this, we found ourselves wondering what
diabolical variation Neptune was about to treat us to.
The utter absence of any development, of anything other
than the all-enshrouding darkness added a new terror to
the prospect, the dread of the unknown. If only something
were to happen—no matter what it was—we would at
least have some idea of what we had to face.
336	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  We could go neither forward nor backward save as
blind groping creatures. We had no idea where our 6teps
were taking us. With our compasses out of action we had
not even their rough guide to fall back on. We did not
even know what had happened to the ship, why the radio
had suddenly died in mid-sentence. Our first wild fear
that she had been attacked had faded, to give place to
worse, unnameable fears....

  The blackness about us seemed to grow more intense
than ever. One felt it was becoming solid and tangible,
closing in inexorably on us, until presently it would bear
us to the ground and crush us flat beneath its weight.
Sheer imagination perhaps, imagination stimulated by
the utter strangeness of the phenomenon. Nevertheless our
footsteps began to falter. We found it difficult to pro-
ceed. A tiredness and a lassitude crept over us. Even our
thoughts grew sluggish.

  Paula leaned heavily against me. “I’m feeling tired,”
she said. “I don’t know what it is. Excitement, perhaps.
But I could go to sleep right now. I can hardly drag
one foot after another.”

  That was much how I felt. Only by gritting my teeth,
and exerting every ounce of my will-power was I able
to keep going. And the others . . . ?

  Rifflin must have heard her.

  “We’re all like that, I think,” he said. “This cursed
darkness, that’s what it is. We haven’t come far. We
can’t have been walking long. A matter of a few min-
utes at the most, no doubt. If only we could find the
ship.”

  He had been trying off and on to call the Icarus on
his radio-phone, but he had met with no success. He had
some idea that the blackness itself, no matter what caused
it, was in some fashion composed of heavily-ionized parti-
cles that deflected and reflected the waves in all directions
so that all one could get from one’s own transmission was
a hopeless jumble of ear-splitting sounds.

  All we could think was that in some fashion we had
overshot the ship or else she had taken to the air. The
latter, however, was hardly likely, seeing she had called
us. Her people would almost certainly know that we
would make all haste to rejoin them, and would scarcely
run the risk of marooning us, even temporarily, in the
darkness. A third alternative, that we had been wander-
ing round and round in a circle did occur to us, but an
examination of the ground in the light of our pocket
lamps failed to reveal any overlapping in our footprints.

A DULL rumble, a sound apparently muffled by dis-
tance, sounded ahead of us. There was something
oddly familiar about it. We stopped, peering at each
other and then before us in an attempt to pierce the
gloom.

  “I ... I may be mistaken”—I think it was Whitby’s
voice—“but that sounded something like the ship’s siren!”

  “Ahead of us?” someone asked.

  It was impossible to say that. The sound, dull and
muffled, booming though it was, seemed to flow all around
us, so that we could not say with any degree of precision
from what direction it had come.

  “It’s some distance away, no doubt of that.” This was
Rifflin. “We’ll just have to move cautiously and hope it
keeps up. Something to guide us.”

  A forlorn hope, this. The sound might be coming from
any direction, ahead or behind, to left or to right of us.
The blanlcet of darkness seemed quite capable of playing
queer tricks with acoustics.

  “Well, move on then,” Rifflin ordered. The dull boom-
ing became audible again, no nearer, no farther away.
We began to shuffle ahead once more.

  Someone cried out, half in fear, half in surprise. A
man backed hurriedly, pressing us back.

  “What’s that?” Rifflin cried. “Who is it? What hap-
pened there?”

  The man answered in half-apologetic tones. “I touched
something, a thing hard and cold, like a wall. I don’t
know what it was.”

  “Well, we must see then ... at once. It might be some-
thing harmful, again it may not be. We don’t know
all about this planet yet, not by a long way. Just here,
was it?”

  “Ye-es.” The man moved hesitantly forward with Rif-
flin. The blackness seemed momentarily to swallow them
up, but as we pressed forward on their heels they became
visible again as wavering black entities.

  “So?” That was Rifflin again. “Ah!” An odd note
of surprise this, and—yes—relief. “That’s what it is,
eh?”

  A booming sound that nearly split our ear-drums!
Gods! We realized now what had happened. In the dark-
ness, by some miracle of miracles, we had stumbled on
the ship itself. What the man had touched had been the
cobalt steel shell, solid and cold under his hand. Not ex-
pecting it, no wonder he had started back in uneasy
astonishment. The blanket of darkness itself had so
twisted and deflected the sound waves of the siren that
no one could say with any degree of certainty from whence
they had come. Even now, standing within hand’s touch
of the Icarus, one moment the siren seemed to be sounding
behind us, the next one could have sworn it was far away
ahead in the distance.

  “There should be a light from somewhere, a port ready
opened,” Rifflin whispered. “We’ll just have to grope our
way along till we find it, though. Feel along the shell.
Keep your eyes open, too. When we come to it there
should be a patch of light visible, unless ...”

  He stopped abruptly.

  “Unless what?” said a voice I recognized as Whitby’s.

  “We-ell, unless something—the sort of thing we don’t
want to think about—has happened. Just as well, per-
haps, to recognize the possibility and bear it in mind."

  “But the siren?” I said. Just as well, I thought, to
point out the one thing in our favor he seemed to have
overlooked.

  ‘There is that, yes,” he agreed, “but who is working
it? It may not be any of our men at all. Or it may even
be that they set the automatic machinery to work and that
it is carrying on ... no one there able to stop it. Or even
troubling.”

  In that I thought he was pessimistic, but since it all
made for extra caution I did not interrupt again.

  “Come on now, we’ve wasted enough time. Keep close
together, and have your pocket lamps and ray tubes
ready.”

  We felt slowly along the side of the ship, straining
our eyes for the patch of white light that would show
us an open port. But none appeared. Presently, how-
ever, Rifflin, who was immediately ahead of me, seemed
to vanish abruptly, and there came a muffled cry.

  Next instant, “It’s all right,” said his cheery voice.
“I’ve found the port, fell in through it, as a matter of
fact Doesn’t appear to be a light about, though. Come
in, all of you. Call your names as you pass so that I’ll
know everyone’s aboard. Don’t want to leave anyone be-
hind by accident”

  We did so. “Fifteen, myself sixteen,” said Rifflin at
the end. “That’s all of us. Someone show a light, and
some of the rest of you close the port. You’ll have to
use the manuals, I fancy. The control’s electric, and may
be interrupted.”

The port closed behind us with a clang, and then, light-
called. “First man near one turn the stop-cocks. There’s
something about this I don’t like.”

 “Captain”—it was a voice I did not recognize—
“wouldn’t space suits be better? As you say we don’t
know what this is. And there are suits available here.
We can breathe without difficulty then. Letting more air
into the atmosphere might only make matters worse.”

  ridges, hanging on pegs along the walls. Each seized the
one nearest him, climbed into it with all haste, and then
with the help of his neighbor sealed himself against the
pollution of the air. And almost immediately our flag-
ging senses began to revive.

 Someone tried one of the switches that should have made
 the room blaze with the light from the sun storage tanks,

THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	337

CHAPTER XVIII

The Visitor from Beyond

* I 'HE feeling of lassitude grew on us as we progressed
from one level to another. The air in the interior of
the Icarus seemed heavier than it had been outside, as
though it was charged with some chemical constituent
with anesthetic properties. We found ourselves dragging,
gasping ...

   “We’ll have to get to the air tanks quickly,” Rifflin

  A spindly thing, with stick-like limbs
darted from out of the shadows of the con-
trol keys ....

(Illustration bu Paul)

ing our way by the thin beams of our pocket lamps, we
went on through the levels, into the dark and silent ship.
Only the siren boomed at regular intervals. It was oper-
ated by clockwork, and would continue giving out its aim-
less warning until the springs ran down.

 “Of course. You’re right. Quick now. I’m feeling
 faint myself.”

 The beams of our torches revealed the rows of emer-
 gency suits, all with their tanks filled with air cart
338	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

but no answering radiance sprang into being. Clearly the
lighting system was affected, too, by this strange black
cloud.

  Audiophone communication, too, was an impossibil-
ity, and for the moment it looked as though we had mere-
ly changed one state of helplessness for another. But
Rifflin and Whitby were too old campaigners to be held
up for more than an instant by a difficulty of that sort.
The former tapped his companion, myself and one or two
others near him, and beckoned us to follow.

  He went off towards the control level and keeping our
lights fixed on his heels for fear of losing touch we went
after him. Once there he showed by signs what he wanted
done.

  We tried the rocket engines. They did not respond.
The electrical contact that should have fired them was not
working. That, no doubt, would apply to the gravity
plates too. Then someone thought of the manual controls.
The same idea must have occurred to anyone familiar
with space ship navigation. The first thought when the
operative mechanism goes dead.

  The hand compressors were on the lowest level, three
flights below us, but a spider ladder led straight down to
them. Rifflin, moving clumsily in his space suit, began
to climb down, the light of his lamp flickering a couple
of rungs below the level of his feet. One man followed,
and then another as they grasped the meaning of his action.

  Somehow we must get out of this numbing black cloud,
away from the surface of the planet, pass out of Nep-
tune’s atmosphere altogether if necessary. Only away
from the malign influence could we hope to get back to
normal, and discover what was wrong with the ship and
what had become of the men we had left in charge.

  The rigging of the hand-compressors took time. It was
a slow and tedious job to our ways of thinking, used as we
were to the instant shifting of the plates under the mech-
anical system. Actually I suppose it took something like
ten minutes in all.

  Slowly the plates shifted from neutral as the manual
controls were brought into action. The ship quivered,
and then was still, while a great weight seemed to bear us
down. Then abruptly, so abruptly that it almost blinded
us, came a burst of sunlight. We were amazed to hear
Rifflin’s voice in our audiophones.

  “I think it’s all right now,” he said. “We’re out of
the area of danger. Get back to the control department,
some of you. The machinery’s taking up automatically,
so it looks as though the worst is over. But be careful
you don’t take your space suits off for a while. I don’t
know what the air’s like, and we’ll have to get the regen-
erator fans to work to clear it first, just to be on the safe
side. But the interference is over, that’s one thing certain.
And the next now is to search the ship and see what’s
become of the others.”

  I knew as much about the control department as any-
one, I fancied, and in the absence of Yates it was my duty
to go there, so calling Paula to me I began the climb
back up the spider ladder. The thin metal rungs swayed
and shuddered under our weight as we hastened up, but
for all its lightness it was sturdily built and its quivering
was a normal condition no one minded.

  I found the control room empty. It was good to be in
natural light again, able to see what one was doing and
know that good tried machinery would respond to one’s
touch like a sentient thing. I steadied the ship on an
even keel, cut off the gravity screens and signaled through
for the engines to take up cruising speed. It was a minute
or so before the response came, so I guessed that the men
had had to find their way there first.

'W/rE were still within Neptune’s atmospheric envelope,

  ” but the view-plates showed the black cloud a mile
or so below us, a sullen darkness like a black hole in space.
I stared at it with interest. It was a perfect circle in ap-
pearance, disk-shaped rather from the point at which I
viewed it, and I suppose at a guess that it was anything
up to about three miles in diameter. One edge of it lapped
over the domed city, cutting half of it off from view as
completely as though it had been blotted out of existence.

  There came a call on the communicator, a general
“stand-by.”

  “You can remove your space suits now.” It was an
order from the commander. “The air’s 0. K. The regen-
erators have cleared the last of the trouble out of it.
Any reports from any of the departments about the men?”

  I waited anxiously. None came. Each department in
turn reported there was no sign of them.

  I turned to see Paula fumbling with her space suit. She
had pulled the zipper of the suit itself, but the helmet was
giving her trouble. It was not a thing that one could re-
move with any degree of ease if one was unused to it, and
civilians are not drilled to the same precision as we who
take to the void in ships. I helped her, then since it was
the quicker way she aided me.

  Oh, but it was good to breathe the sweet air again and
realize that that sense of lassitude, that feeling of lethargy
had vanished utterly, good to see the clear sky and the
watery disk of the sun again. Good to see Paula standing
at my side, and know . . .

  Gods of the Airways! What was that?

  Something not two feet high, a spindly thing with a
thin body and stick-like limbs, with a globular head en-
cased in a helmet of some vitreous substance, darted from
out of the shadows beneath the bank of control keys, darted
across the room towards the door, stumbled and fell head-
long.

  Paula screamed. I stared, gaped, and then leaped for-
ward, drawing my ray-tube as I sprang. The thing tried
to wriggle away from me, sprawled and lay helpless, two
tiny eyes gleaming up balefully at me from the visor-
plate of the helmet. I was surprised for the moment at
its utter helplessness now contrasted with its activity of
a moment before, then the probable meaning of it all
dawned upon me.

  So used was I to them that I had seen the flash of the
lights above the control bank without giving them a
thought, but we had just automatically changed over to
our artificially adjusted Earth gravity. So slightly dif-
ferent from that of Neptune was it that its physical effect
on us passed unnoticed, but to this puny thing the differ-
ence had been so great that it had sprawled as helpless as
though bound hand and foot.

  “Paula”—I spoke without taking my eyes off the prone
figure, looking ridiculously like a bundle of broken
sticks—“call Rifflin on the communicator. Ask him to
hold normal Earth gravity until further orders, and then
for him and Whitby to come here at once.”

  “You . . . ?” She started to ask a question, but I cut
in behind the first word.

  “I’m all right. But hurry. I don’t want them to
change over again. They might any minute if we don’t
warn them.”

  But Paula was already at the communicator, and a mo-
ment later Rifflin’s voice sounded in reply.

  “Why, what’s wrong?” he asked in answer.

  “Leave the communicator open,” I called. “I think he
may be able to hear me from here.”

  “I can. That you, Grayne? What’s wrong?”

“I think I’ve caught one of the causes of the trouble,”
I called. “Paula, swing the vision-plate round a degree
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE

339

or so. Rifflin will tell you when you get the focus. See
it, Rifflin?”

  “That bundle of sticks on the floor? Is that it? I’ll
come right away now.”

  “And bring the doctor, too,” I said as an after thought.
“It—he—whatever you like to call it—may be damaged
by the change of gravity. We don’t want it harmed, I’d
say, not killed at any rate. We may want to extract some
knowledge from it if we can.”

  What I wondered could we possibly learn from this
creature that I could have picked up with one hand?
Not that I looked down on it, you understand, from an in-
tellectual as well as a physical height. But I failed to see
in what way we could possibly make contact with it.
The Neptunians, after all, had something in common with
us. Their form was human. The articulate sounds of
their language were gradually assuming a meaning to us.
But this thing was more insect than man, more something
fashioned out of twigs than either.

  I thought of the machine by which we had communica-
ted with Gark, the Great Brain, and wished it were pos-
sible to duplicate that on a smaller scale. But that ob-
viously had been built up round Gark. Possibly it was
to an extent a physical part of himself. Not unlikely it
would work only with certain types of mentality. One,
for instance, could not visualize a man by its means
achieving communication with, say, an ant. The two
forms of life would have no concepts in common. As in
the case of this creature.

"D IFFLIN, the doctor, Whitby and some of the scientists
with us, half a dozen people in all, came crowding
into the room. The thing was still held to the floor by
the gravity pull of the Icarus. It was writhing a little,
in pain, I fancied, until I bent down and saw for myself
the baffled rage in its tiny beady eyes.

  “Hm,” said the doctor, staring at it, “an air breathing
animal evidently. Has to wear a helmet of sorts as a pro-
tection against the cloud it and its fellows created.”
“From a small planet, too,” one of the astrophysicists
remarked. “More probably a satellite.”

  “A satellite of what?” I asked. “It can’t be Triton.
Isn’t there a chance that it may be some other form of
Neptunian life?”

  “No, Mr. Grayne, decidedly not,” the astrophysicist
returned. “The difference between the gravity pull of
our two planets is slight enough. It certainly caused our
Neptunian friends a little discomfort and a good deal of
consternation the first time they experienced it, but it is
not enough to produce the effect you see here.”

  “The main thing to my mind is to see what we can
make of the creature,” Rifflin cut in with a touch of
sharpness in his voice. “Yates, Bentley, and a dozen
others are missing, and surely there must be some way by
which we can find out where its fellows have gone.”

  I had been watching the creature all along. Naturally
I felt a sort of proprietary interest in it. Something
struck me as odd about its footwear. A sort of dissimi-
larity. One could hardly call the things it wore shoes, yet
they were scarcely anything else. They were made of a
sort of fine woven metal, seemingly each all in one piece.
That on the left foot fitted like a glove, a smooth, sleek
shining contraption with odd little studs or bosses here
and there.

  But it was the right foot that particularly caught my
attention. A portion of the metal of the tiny shoe seemed
to have disappeared, but when I looked more closely I
saw that a shred of it had been torn away and the mesh had
fused into a dark mass that flapped idly against the side

of its foot as the creature writhed. And in a flash the
meaning of it came to me.

  The creature was wearing anti-gravity shoes. As it had
raced across the room at the moment of my discovery of
its presence its tiny shoe had caught in some obstruction
negligible to us; the fine mesh had ripped and the metal
fused, rendering it helpless. The wonder was that the
sudden vast addition of its weight had not killed it.

  I explained what I had noticed and my idea of it as
well as I could. There was little doubt about the matter
after that. An examination showed that I was right.

  Rifflin pulled the shoes off the helpless little creature,
and looked them over carefully.

  “I think we can fix them,” he said. “In the meantime
I’d suggest fixing up a room where we can adjust the pull
so that it will give a normal gravity to this creature.
We’ve got to keep him alive somehow until we’re able to
learn what we want to know, and I should imagine, if
there’s such a thing as gratitude in his small soul, that the
more humanely we treat him the more amenable we’ll
find him. Anyone anything better to suggest?”

  No one had, so Rifflin’s itftas were carried out. It took
a while rigging the room so that the creature would ex-

Serience no discomfort, but in the course of a couple of
ours it was fixed ready for him. Meanwhile others were
working on the problem of the shoes. Their repair pre-
sented little difficulty from a purely technical point of
view, but their very smallness made it a long and tedious
job. Each little strand had to be picked up and joined
carefully to its neighbor. Fortunately the metal was not,
as we had feared at first, something unknown. It was
merely ordinary fine wire mesh, burnished to its present
color. It was only the delicate intricacy of the work that
made it take so long.

/^\NCE in the room with conditions as near normal for
it as we could make them our captive seemed to
change for the better. He began by taking off the little
helmet, a task he was quite capable of carrying through
himself. Either he already knew that the air he breathed
normally was much the same in constitution as ours, or
else in the interests of comfort he was prepared to take
the risk that it wasn’t. Personally I think that he had
already satisfied himself by some means or other that it
could do him little or no harm, for obviously the helmet
was meant merely to protect him against the drowsy
qualities of the black cloud.

  The baffled rage in the tiny eyes had passed, giving
place to an insatiable curiosity. Efforts were made to
speak to it, but with little or no success. It spoke itself
in a sort of thin, reedy voice in which both words and in-
flection were lost. However, it undoubtedly possessed a
high order of intelligence, for when pencil and paper
were produced it understood their uses immediately. By
signs it showed that it wished to use them.

  When they were handed to it, the creature examined
them carefully and after some initial difficulty in mani-
pulating the pencil—it possessed only two fingers and a
thumb on each hand—began to draw very rapidly and
clearly. Quickly the outlines grew under the flying nim-
ble fingers, and at last with a curious little gesture, a
suggestion of triumph, as it were, the creature handed up
the finished sketch.

  It showed a number of our men being borne along be-
tween scores of the little people. They were not being
carried, it seemed, by the creatures themselves, though the
exact manner of their transportation was not clear from
the sketch. Each of the little people appeared to be hold-
340	WONDER STORIES

ing some sort of a long stick in his hand, and thus, though
they were not touching our men, were able to raise them
from the ground and carry them off. Not unlikely they
were using some kind of a transporter beam—a thing we
had already evolved in theory, though there were certain
practical difficulties that prevented it being utilized on a
scale large enough to make it of any more value than a
mere toy.

  The procession in the sketch was heading towards some
object that was more of a polyhedron than a sphere.
What one might call an inset to the side of the main sketch
showed our men revived and inside the polyhedron. The
artist had made some attempt to depict the facial expres-
sions of his and our colleagues. The whole thing was
very impressionistic, but there was no doubt from it that
what he was trying to convey was that all were on terms
of the greatest friendliness with each other.

  That might actually be the case, yet it did not quite fit
in with the behavior of the little creature when we had
him trapped in the observation room. His whole atti-
tude then—unless we had misread the indications—had
been expressive of fear, baffled rage and hate, all cur-
iously intermixed. Possibly now his intentions were to
lull us into a sense of false security, so that his folk
might work their will of us. Moreover, how could he
know what might even then be transpiring between his
people and our men? At the best he must be only guess-
ing; at the worst he was deliberately concocting.

  It was unthinkable, of course, that of his own free will
he would lead us to the polyhedron. We tried to convey
the suggestion to him, but either he could or would not
understand. It mattered little, however, whether he refused
or not. Now he had given us to understand what it was
we had to look for—probably quite inadvertently, I
should imagine—we would have little or no difficulty in
finding it. A polyhedron of the size he had indicated, as-
suming he had drawn more or less to scale, could' not
very well remain long concealed anywhere on the land-
scape of Neptune. Even if they raised the artificial bar-
rage of the dark cloud, that would merely serve to indi-
cate just where the flyer was hidden.

  Our observation men meanwhile reported that the black
cloud was gradually disappearing, and at the present rate
of progress would soon be gone entirely, when, no doubt,
it would be safe to land again. In the interval we were
to maintain altitude, at the same time keeping a sharp
lookout for any indications of the polyhedron’s where-
abouts.

  Whitby, curious to know from what particular sphere
the little people hailed from, drew the conventional out-
lines of the solar system on a sheet of paper, and showing
them to the little creature indicated that we came from
Planet 3. The other understood at ojnce, pointed to
Earth, then to Whitby and the rest of us, and when Whitby
nodded its face lighted up. It was a scene in many re-
spects curiously reminiscent of our introduction to the
Neptunians, though it differed in one important particular.

  The little creature took the sketch in its hand, looked
the planetary outlines over one by one, then handed it
back with an odd gesture of helplessness that said as
plainly as so many words that it came from none of the
bodies marked on that rough chart.

  Either he was lying then, or else—astounding thought—
the little people came from some island universe far be-
yond the confines of our own solar system.

  The idea was so staggering that for the moment we
stood looking at each other like men suddenly stunned by
its very magnitude.

QUARTERLY

CHAPTER XIX

A Race Through the Air

THE idea was appalling in the vastness of the concep-
tions it opened up. It put an entirely new com-
plexion on the situation, and introduced a complication
that was as unexpected as it was unwelcome. It threaten-
ed to thrust the object of our mission well into the back-
ground.

  Our expedition had been launched in the first place
with the intention of making contact with any inhabitants
Neptune possessed, and behind that lay the ultimate ob-
jective of the Interplanetary Board of Control, the weld-
ing of all the intelligent peoples of our system into a feder-
ation that should work together for the common good. We
would not have been surprised at the outset to have en-
countered hostility, misconception of our motives and a
profound distrust of ourselves. These we were prepared
to meet, and eventually overcome.

  But even in our wildest dreams we had not visioned
the possibility of an invasion, peaceful or otherwise, of
our system by some extra-galactic race. Yet apparently
this was much what had happened. Logically it was
merely a scouting expedition, purely exploratory such as
our own was. Had it been otherwise there would have been
more than the one polyhedron. The concensus of evidence
suggested that there was not.

  Figure to yourself for the moment what the situation
suggested to us. The ultimate goal of space traveling,
the rate we hoped eventually to achieve, was based on
the velocity of light, the speed of 186,000 miles per
second. We had as yet attained nothing like that speed.
We had taken five and a half weeks to reach Neptune
from Earth, when light between those two planets would
have taken less than that number of hours. Yet if these
people came from extra-solarian space, the nearest star
of which was 4.27 light years away, they must have travel-
ed at a pace incredible to us, or else they had consumed
a vast amount of time on the journey. Our imaginations
strained at either solution of the problem.

  But intriguing and all as that was as a matter for
speculation, there was a question of more pressing urgency
requiring attention. By hook or by crook our men must
be released from the captivity in which presumably they
were held. That, even supposing we located the poly-
hedron with reasonable quickness, was not likely to be an
easy task. We were almost certain to meet with weapons
involving principles unknown to us, just as that black
cloud while obeying some had violated other laws of
physics as we know them in our federation of worlds.

  As I say, it was a matter about which we had to go
cannily, for much as we desired to have our colleagues
back with us we could not afford to run risks with the
ship, and jeopardize the safety of the expedition. We
owed a duty to those who had sent us in the first
place. Then, too, the relations we had already established
with the Neptunians must not be disturbed. If anything
approaching an invasion was being mooted we, as a com-
onent part of the system to which Planet 8 belonged,
ad to do what we could in repelling it

  I think something like this must have rim through all
our minds in the moment after the full implication of the
creature’s gesture dawned on us. It was odd that save
for one fleeting instant none of us supposed that he was
deliberately deceiving us, and that he and his people came
from a satellite of one of the Jovian system of planets.
Perhaps it was that the almost incredible, stagger our
imaginations though it did, appealed to us more than a
mere commonplace explanation. Again we may have rea-
soned that if any such race existed anywhere in between
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	341

Neptune and Mars we would almost certainly have made
contact with them, or they with us long before this.

  “Black cloud practically disappeared now, sir.” It was
one of the men slipping in with a report for Rifflin.
We had decided not to use the communicators while in the
presence of the stranger. “The surface is becoming visible
now.”

  Rifflin nodded absently. “We’ll have a look for our-
selves in a moment or so,” he said.

  He turned to Whitby. “I don’t know that we’ll be able
to get any more information out of this mite for the
time being,” he remarked. “But if you think there’s a
chance, perhaps you and a couple of others”—he meant
some of the scientist folk—“had better stop and see what
can be done. The rest of us had better get back to our
quarters. He’s provided sufficient of a raree-show for
us for one day.”

  He glanced round at us with a wry smile. “I can
see,” he said calmly, “that I’ll have to tighten up disci-
pline on this ship.” But we knew from his tone that
that was no more than a gentle hint for us to take our
leave.

  We took it. Those of us who had no business there
slipped out of the room, and back to our work. Paula
came with me as a matter of course. I was still a little
troubled in my mind about her position on the ship. It
was not always wise to have her round the observation
room—what work she had to do herself did not keep
her sufficiently occupied—yet I did not like the idea of
her being away from me for any length of time.

I THOUGHT perhaps that the best way out of the dif-
ficulty would be to teach her navigational work. She
had a quick intelligence, and though she could never hope
to emulate the space-trained man she could pick up
enough of it with reasonable celerity to be of consider-
able help to me in my calculations. I decided to put the
idea up to Rifflin at the earliest opportunity.

  As the lookout had warned us the black cloud had now
almost entirely disappeared. It was no more than a thin
transparent shimmer, and the ground below was beginning
to reveal its contours once more. We were sailing at a
fair altitude now, and I doubted very much whether we
would be visible against the dark background of the sky,

Sarticularly as it was late afternoon, and the power of
le artificial suns was already waning.

  I swung the view-plate wide, increased the magnification,
and swept the terrain in the hope of locating the poly-
hedron. I knew that in other parts of thff ship others
were watching eagerly also, but then that was no reason
why I should not try my luck.

  It was pretty bad for a while. Between the falling
shades of night and the waning gleam of the artificial
suns—the latter occasionally flashed up in a way that
dazzled one's eyes—visibility was uncertain. More than
once I was deceived by something that turned out in the
end to be nothing more than a shifting shadow.

  But at last near that low range of hills over which
the Gongkas—the flying dragons—had disappeared the
time of our first encounter with them, I managed to make
out an object of unusual shape. It looked at first like
a huge boulder, then as I got range on it I saw that it was
a many-faceted shape, of so dull a color that it toned
almost imperceptibly into the background. Had I not
known what to look for and been on the alert I doubt
if I would have seen it.

  “General call on the communicator, Paula,” I told her.
“Message begins. ‘Polyhedron located. Position . . . ’
Just a minute.” I centered the cross-hairs of the view-
plate on the flyer, then gave her the figures.

  “Keep it in sight.” It was Whitby who answered from

the control-room which he had taken over in Yates’ ab-
sence. “We’ll make altitude above the cloud ceiling and
hover for observation.”

  I kept the polyhedron centered in the view-plate, ad-
justing the mechanism as the Icarus lifted steeply.

  The door opened. I turned my head to see Rifflin.

  “What’s up now?” he asked. I fancy he had caught the
blare of the communicators as he came along the passage.

  I told him, and he looked at it with interest.

  “Not so large as I expected,” he remarked, “but then
they’re little people. I wonder if we can take them by
surprise.” His brow clouded. “The trouble, though, is
that we don’t know what weapons they may have. We
don’t want to run the risk of being blasted out of exist-
ence, if we can avoid it.”

  That, it seemed to me from the beginning, wa9 the
problem we would have to face sooner or later. As a
matter of fact it was solved for us in a rather unexpected
way.

  On the whole it seemed that we could take no very
effective action before nightfall. Then under cover of
darkness we might be able to catch the polyhedron’s
people off their guard. A surprise attack undoubtedly
offered the best hope of success. Against this, however,
had to be counted the possibility that they possessed de-
tectors of a type that would warn them of our presence
before we had a chance of doing anything at all. Our
very ignorance of their scientific attainments might be
our biggest handicap.

  There seemed no sign of life in the vicinity of the
polyhedron, though, of course, that was nothing to go
by. Still one would have expected to see some sort of
activity going on. The gravity shoes would remove the
worst of their handicaps on the surface of the planet;
they would almost certainly be anxious to spend as much
time as possible in the open air after being cooped up
inside the flyer while in space, and in addition they were
probably unaware that they had not captured the full
complement of the Icarus. Indeed it was hard to imagine
them abandoning our ship if they had the faintest notion
that there were others of us at large on Neptune, who
would return and use it against them.

  All along I had been watching the polyhedron more
or less idly, for no sign of life showed about it, and I
felt convinced that we would see none, but quite abruptly
that happened which galvanized me into activity. It
was not much at first sight, only a black ant-like dot
moving across the land beneath us.

  I stared at it for a second, wondering what it could
be, before it occurred to me to use the magnification. As
I made the adjustments that particular section of the
planet seemed suddenly to broaden out under my eyes and
leap towards me.

IT was no longer an ant-like object I saw. With some-
thing of a shock I recognized it as a man, running
furiously. The effect of distance had made him look
as though he were moving slowly.

  “A man” I cried. “One of our fellows! Escaping!”

  Rifflin whirled on me. “Where?” he demanded.

  I pointed.

  “Looks like Yates,” he said. “We can’t be sure,
though.”

  He wasted no time in speculation, however, but turned
to the communicator, and orders began to fly thick and
fast. The Icarus began to descend, so rapidly that for
the moment we were jerked about the compartment, and
the sights of the view-plate swung around from their
adjustment points, for I had not locked them in place.

  I got them back to normal in an instant. The man I
had first described was not alone now. Other figures were
342	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

streaming after him from the polyhedron. Earthmen.
Their size told me that, if nothing else. Our fellows es-
caping.

  No sooner had I made up my mind that they were
getting away scot-free than events conspired to shatter
that idea.

  Some of the little people came running out of the
flyer in pursuit. The foremost one raised his hand in
which he held a short thick tube. Whether he fired or
not I can’t say, for one of our fellows had turned, seen
the pursuers and let drive with his heat ray. The beam
struck the little man midway across his stick-like body.
There was a tiny flash, a puff of smoke and he had van-
ished.

  .His fellows faltered at the sight. There came another
flash and yet another from our men. Then one of the
short stubby weapons of the little folk came into action.
It threw an odd roundish projectile that traveled in a
lazy arc, and burst into black smoke just a little behind
our men. Like a pall the smoke dropped slowly down on
to the ground beneath.

  It was at that moment the pursuers must first have be-
come aware of the Icarus. One after another they flung
startled glances up at us, incontinently abandoned the
pursuit and dashed back towards the polyhedron. We
were dropping down now, so that I had constantly to
alter my angles, and a good deal of what I saw was
blurred and hazy. Nevertheless I don’t think I missed
very much. Our men had disappeared from my sight
now. The bulk of the Icarus was hiding them, probably
already the foremost ones were being helped aboard.

  The polyhedron itself was slowly revolving, and as it
moved the dull faceted sides began to gleam a little. Then
before we quite realized what was happening, one after
another, a dozen puffs of black smoke came from her,
rolled with a sort of lazy rapidity out towards us, and in
less time than it takes a man to count five had completely
shut the flyer off from our sight

  From somewhere below us came a great clang, and
then the ringing of bells. The Icarus lifted steeply. All
our fellows had been taken aboard safely, and we were
rising out of the region of the black cloud into the fast-
falling Neptunian night.

  But it seemed we were not out of trouble yet. The
polyhedron, invisible to us, must have been rising, too,
and the black cloud crept hungrily up after us, lapping at
our heels like the waves of an angry sea.

  Rifflin said something under his breath, then glanced
sharply at Paula. Presumably it was something a lady
was not meant to hear. Paula, however, showed no sign
that she had heard. Quite possibly she had not.

  “I don’t want to shake that beggar off, and have him
at us again,” Rifflin said, half-complainingly, “and it
doesn’t pay to keep dodging back and forth into space.
On the other hand I doubt the wisdom of fighting. It’s
a final argument, but not always the best.” He paused,
thinking.

  “Perhaps I’d better have Yates up here,” he said. “He
may be able to tell us something. Miss Fontaine, send a
communicator-call through for Mr. Yates to come up
here, that, of course, is if he’s fit enough.”

  The man himself must have been on his way to our
level even then, for Paula had scarcely carried out Riff-
lin’s orders before the door swung open, and Yates walked
in. His hands, face and clothes were earth-stained, his
garments torn, and he had a general air of wild disre-
pute about him. Actually he staggered rather than walked,
like a man slightly fuddled.

  Rifflin stared at him. “Sit down,” he said, pointing
to a chair. “What’s wrong with you?”

  “That hell-brew, that black smoke of theirs,” Yates an-

swered a little gaspingly. “It makes one feel ...” He
finished with a circular motion of his hand, a suggestion
that his head was whirling.

  “Ah! Take it easy then. But first—if you feel fit
enough—tell us what we should do. Fight or run away?”

  Yates grinned queerly. “Both,” he said. “You’ll have
to do both. They’ll see to that.”

  “But if we get out of the atmosphere? That black
cloud of theirs doesn’t seem operative in space.”

  “But they’ve got other weapons, things I don’t rightly
understand. I can’t tell you all now. But ...” He
suddenly slumped forward in his chair. He had fainted.
I sprang to catch him as he fell.

  Rifflin gave him one look, then called through the com-
municator for the doctor, and asked that any others of the
rescued men who were in a fit state should be sent up.
A moment later the alarms were ringing the “Action sta-
tions” signal throughout the ship.

  We were still above the region of the black cloud, but
only the fact that we were mounting steadily kept us out
of its influence. It seemed to spread through the atmos-
phere with incredible rapidity, or perhaps it was that the
polyhedron was constantly adding to it, so that it got
little or no chance to dissipate.

  At the pace we were going we could not be far from the
atmosphere’s edge now. Every instant I expected to get
the signal that we were out in space.

  Of a sudden it seemed to me that it had become very
dark, that night had descended with startling abruptness.
Then as I looked again and swung the view-plate round
on a wider angle, so as to view the sky above I saw that
a black cloud had come between us and the stars. Far
up above us on its outer edge was the polyhedron, its
surface glowing with the friction of its swift ascent through
the atmosphere. It appeared to be moving parallel to our
course, and as it went, ever and anon another lazy puff of
smoke rolled out from it to join the trailing cloud behind
it. We were caught between two fires, between the cloud
mounting from below and the black screen from above
dropping down on us like a blanket.

  Those in the control tower must have seen it simultan-
eously. The Icarus suddenly altered her course. Instead
of continuing to rise on a long slant she flattened out,
and her engines began to roar as we thundered off in an
effort to escape from the threatened danger above and
below us.

  But to our amazement—one must admit a hint of terror
in it—the polyhedron held even pace with us. The shell
of the Icarus was beginning to warm up with the heat
of our passage through the air—in a little while it would
become almost unbearable—but the polyhedron still sailed
on serenely and effortlessly. And all the while, above,
below and behind the black cloud thickened and closed
inexorably in on us, like the steel jaws of a trap that
would presently meet and snuff us out of existence.

CHAPTER XX

The Return of the Gongkas

ON and on we sped, the black cloud creeping up from
below, another black cloud drifting down on us from
above. A little ahead and perhaps half a mile or so above
us the polyhedron rolled steadily on her way. She had
the speed of us; by keeping her position constant she was
able to prevent us from making a sudden break up through
the atmosphere and out into space and safety.

  It was no pleasant prospect that faced us. This unequal
race could not last forever.

  Rifflin passed his hand across his forehead. “I’m tempt-
ed to attack as the easiest way out of it,” he said. “After
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	343

all, I suppose it’s a case of self-preservation, much as I’m
against wholesale slaughter. If we attack we’ll have to
kill. We can’t take half measures. We’ve no weapons
that will put them temporarily out of action.”

  That was the crux of the matter. These little folk, with
their black smoke, could force us down, paralyze our
machinery, and render us helpless, all without doing us
any lasting harm. Whether they meant to do us any harm
at all other than what might result from the mere fact
of our possible capture was decidedly a moot point.

  Yates had showed signs of coming round by this; Bent-
ley and some of the rest of the rescued men had arrived
and between them were able to give us a sketchy account
of the little folk. The attack had come down with such
abruptness that it was over and done with it almost be-
fore they had time to realize what actually was happen-
ing.

  Apparently no one noticed the arrival of the polyhedron
in the upper atmosphere. The first intimation that any-
thing was wrong came with the advent of the black cloud.
Yates had taken it for some manifestation, though a
peculiar one, of Neptunian nature, and had radioed us to
return in the belief that the ship was likely to be caught
in a magnetic storm of unusual severity. As an extra
measure of precaution the clockwork machinery of the
siren was set going at the same time.

  Apparently the rest of the machinery and the conscious-
ness of those on board had ceased to function almost sim-
ultaneously, and they came back to life to find themselves
captives in the polyhedron. They were bound with fair-
ly light but strong chains of metal, and at first it looked
as though only a miracle could effect their release. But
presently Yates and some of the others began to experi-
ence a queer sense of lightness and power—as they rea-
soned it out later the gravity pull of the polyhedron was
probably adjusted to that of its own small and peculiar
world—and this with the increase of muscular quality it
brought put an idea into Yates’ head.

  Either they had not been searched while unconscious,
or if so their pencil heat-rays—so called because they were
scarcely larger than an ordinary pencil—had been re-
garded as harmless. Another suggestion, probably closer
to the truth, is that the ray as a lethal weapon was un-
known to the little people. At any rate the ray tubes
had not been taken away.

  Yates quickly determined that the metal bonds could be
snapped quite easily. He told his companions, and out-
lined his plan. Some of the little folk were passing in and
out most of the time, but seemingly they saw nothing
suspicious in the conversation that was going on, possibly
no more than the keeper in a Zoo would take any notice
of the constant twittering of birds in the aviary. Perhaps
we were an alien creation to them, and one they regarded
as being on a lower level of intelligence.

  However, to make a long story short, at a given signal
our fellows broke their bonds, struck down one or two of
the little folk who made some attempt to oppose them,
made their way to the open outer port, and to freedom.
It was just a slice of luck that we managed to come up
with and rescue them before the pursuit became general.

  All this they told us as compactly and briefly as they
could, but it threw little light on the mentality of the
creatures opposed to us. Actually we had learned far
more from our own captive, who, whether by accident or
design, had been left behind on the Icarus.

  The only thing that emerged with any degree of certain-
ty was what we had already deduced ourselves, the fact
that either they possessed no actual lethal weapons or
else were reluctant to use them except in case of dire
necessity. Still, from the way we were being gradually

forced down, it looked as though the decision would be
thrust on us in a very few minutes.

  It was a situation where the mind must be made up
quickly, and the decision once reached could hardly be
altered. I think it was the knowledge of that that held
Rifflin back till the last possible second. The surprising
thing about the polyhedron itself was that the black
cloud, while it spread in all other directions, did not
seem to be surrounding the flyer. Then, too, a closer
study of the machine itself seemed to show that it was, if
one can so put it, rotating on its axis at a fairly rapid
rate, a movement additional to its forward progress. The
obvious deduction was that the shell and the interior of
the polyhedron were built separately, and that the inner
was kept steady by some sort of gyroscopic arrangement,
while the outer portion while spinning contrived somehow
to create a vacuum in the air about it. This would at one
and the same time do away with a good deal of the trou-
ble incidental to atmospheric friction and create a fairly
effective barrier between the black cloud and the flyer.

“' I 'HAT’S what it seems to be,” was Rifflin’s comment
when someone suggested it. “At any rate we’ve
to get out of here somehow, so I think I'll take the risk
and heat them up.”

  The ray projectors were already manned for emergency,
and Rifflin ordered they be trained on the polyhedron
with gradually increasing power. We had no wish to
volatilize the little people instantly as long as there might
be some other way of bringing them to terms.

  In the dark of the Neptunian night our search beam
reached out and caught the polyhedron, outlining her
against the black background of the sky. At the same
instant a weak power heat ray struck her. The dull sur-
face of the shell warmed up, passed through gradations
of color, and finally held at a cherry red.

  The spinning ceased. Perhaps it was only the effect of
the light, but the polyhedron seemed to rock a little from
side to side, like a ship buffeted by the waves. Then
with an abrupt spurt it tried to pass beyond the area of
influence. But here for once was a case where superior
speed counted for little. Our beam was a broad angle
one; its range was effective to a surprising distance, and
as long as we kept her in sight we were able to train
the ray on her. The one hope of safety for her people
lay in flight out into space, where with her superior speed
she could put a vast distance between us. But for some
unaccountable reason her people seemed unwilling to take
this course.

  Instead she did something we had not anticipated. She
dropped abruptly from her former level, sinking down
below us, and for the moment our ray played uselessly
across the atmosphere. But in another instant it had
snapped off, and the projector underneath our hull was
swinging round to train on the polyhedron. More black
smoke was trailing us now. With the polyhedron below
and ahead of us the situation from our point of view
was becoming worse.

  “Notch it up as high as it’ll go,” Rifflin ordered sud-
denly as the ray dipped down toward the polyhedron.
“Heat them up white.”

  But the polyhedron was dodging and twisting now.
There was less hope of focussing the ray on her. Also
she was taking advantage of the cloud formations in a
way that hid her from our sight more often than not.
Our great fear was that in her twistings and turnings,
with her superior speed, she might succeed in eluding us
altogether, make altitude and reach the ceiling before we
were aware of the turn of events.

  Actually, from what subsequently happened, I doubt
if her people had any such intention. She seemed at first
      (Illustration by Paid)

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

merely content to dodge our ray, though she could have
escaped us altogether if she wished. Occasionally we
caught glimpses of her as the ray focussed for a moment
before she twisted out of its path. Then abruptly a new
weapon came into play.

  Our detector hissed a warning note, such a sound as it
would give were we in space and a meteorite should swing
into the area of influence. But there should be no meteor-

ites here within the atmosphere, none at least large enough
to have occasioned this sort of disturbance.

  It all happened very quickly.

  The white beam of our searchlight, streaming across
the clouds, momentarily lighted on some hurtling black
object, hissing toward us, and at the same instant our
repeller rays came into action. The black object was
thrown completely out of its path, and sent sailing off
at a tangent. A second later it seemed abruptly to disin-
tegrate. A bright violet light, blinding in its intensity,
flared out from it in all directions as it exploded; the
muffled sound of a dull roar came to our ears, and the
Icarus rocked uneasily.

  What precise action the projectile was meant to have,
whether it was a new and violent explosive, or merely
another of those paralyzing weapons in which the little
folk seemed to specialize, we could not say. It had ex-
ploded in mid-air, and it had done us no harm. That
was all that seemingly mattered now. We had had our
Warning. The next one could not take us unawares.

  It nearly did. But for the fact that our repeller rays
were still in action we might have been annihilated. The
projectiles began bursting round us, seeming to come from

  Other figures streamed from the polyhedron—
Earthmen. Some of the little people came run-
ning in pursuit.
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	345

all points of the compass at once. Evidently there was no
need to fire them direct at their objective. They must
have possessed some kind of automotive steering appar-
atus by which they could be set for any desired course,
and, if desirable, overtake the foe from the rear or the
sides.

  More through our good luck than anything else they
did no more than provide us with a highly-exciting pyro-
technic display. At the same time they taught us the need
of caution and the fact that we could not afford to under-
rate the enemy’s capacity for harm.

NONE the less the encounter looked as though it would
end in a stalemate. The polyhedron was proving far
too elusive for us to come to grips with it, and the only
decisive note in the whole affair was furnished by the pos-
sibility that we might sooner or later blunder into the
black cloud. The people on the flyer were not fools,
and one could feel almost certain that as they dodged
about they would keep up a barrage of the smoke-like
substance.

  So far we had managed, more through good luck than
anything else, to elude it, but we could not go on forever
in that fashion. We were just thinking seriously of stak-
ing all on one wild drive for space, trusting to our pace
to break through the atmosphere and any part of the
black cloud we touched before it could do us serious
harm, when of a sudden the whole aspect of the abortive
conflict incontinently changed.

  Our searchlights now going full blast, mainly for our
own safety’s sake, abruptly lighted on the polyhedron.
It was streaking in our direction, no longer spinning, but
apparently headed in full flight. The sight stunned us for
a moment. It looked so like some manoeuvre meant to
catch us off our guard. Then we saw ....

  Great flapping shapes dropping from nowhere out of
the night were clustering about tne polyhedron, bearing
down on it, seeming almost as though by sheer weight of
numbers they were forcing it to earth. The violet flares
were bursting in their midst, and more than one of the
beasts went toppling down through the clouds. But
as fast as one fell a dozen others seemed to take its place.
Momentarily they shut off the polyhedron from our sight.
They were turning it over and over in the air as a child
will roll a hoop. Remember it was small compared with
the Icarus; it was not smooth and streamlined, but rough
and many-faceted, and there were projections where the
claws of the flying dragons could find a hold, and their
steel-like beaks could get a purchase.

  I think our hesitation was for the moment only. After
all the little people were nearer human than the Gongkas
—the flying dragons—and in an instant we forgot our own
grievance against them, and went to the rescue. We had
found one means of dealing with them, a method the
little people did not possess, and now we used it

  Wherever a vast stretch of leathery wing showed for an
instant our heat ray flickered, and the great beast went
toppling from the heights. We struck so suddenly and so
unexpectedly that we had well-nigh decimated their ranks
before they became aware that a new factor had irrupted
on to the scene. Then, however, they turned their attention
to us. Which is not to say that they entirely abandoned
their attack on the polyhedron. They did nothing of the
sort. Only now they had two foes instead of one.

  Once we blundered into a wisp of the black cloud,
and for one dreadful instant we staggered, and we thought
we were going to crash. But our impetus carried us through
it, and the next instant we breathed freely again.

  The Gongkas, however, were still fluttering all about
us. Many of them had succumbed to the anesthetizing
quality of the cloud, and had crashed to their deaths, but

their numbers seemed without end, blanketing us so that
the end now looked as though it were only a matter of
time. The polyhedron seemed to be getting by far the
worst of it. It was spinning down far below us, dropping
in a way that suggested it was temporarily out of con-
trol.

  Paula caught my arm. I thought the horror of the af-
fair was making her feel faint, and I turned with concern
in my face. But it was something else.

  “Phil”—her voice was no more than a whisper—“we
use the repeller rays on a meteorite. Why, oh, why can’t
we use them on these things and hurl them out into
space?”

  I could have told her that it was a question of power,
none the less there was more than a grain of sense in her
suggestion.

  “Rifflin”—I touched him on the shoulder—“Miss Fon-
taine has suggested that perhaps we might, with the re-
peller rays, be able to deal with those things. Do you
think there’s anything in it?”

  He looked startled for the moment. We used the re-
pellers so exclusively for meteoric bodies that I don’t
think anyone had ever troubled to suspect another use for
them. He seemed dubious.

  “It’s all more or less a question of power,” he said,
then he appeared to pull himself together. “It’s worth
trying, anyway. If we can get a concentrated force—”

  “One at a time,” I suggested. “Of course we can’t
hurl the whole mass of them out in the one lump. But
even with our heat ray we can’t tackle more than one
dragon at a time.”

  He nodded. “I’ll see. We might have luck with us
after all.”

  I realized what was troubling him, and hurriedly I ex-
plained to Paula the possible flaw in her plan. Out in
space conditions were different. A meteorite was a moving
body, one hurtling along at a considerable pace, and the
merest expenditure of force was sufficient to deflect it
from its path, and send it off at a tangent. The merest
flick, so to speak, was enough to alter its orbit. Then, too,
there was no atmospheric friction to take into account.

HERE we were dealing with bodies that for all prac-
tical purposes of comparison were at rest They re-
quired a definite force, and a constant pressure to move
them. They could oppose resistance, they could move
out of the area of influence .... Numberless other con-
siderations entered into calculation.

  Paula looked crestfallen when I finished explaining. I
think she wished she had not made the suggestion in the
first place. However ....

  The repeller ray, an invisible beam of force, rcached
out It was nicely aimed, concentrated into a small pen-
cil-like ray, instead of spreading fan-shaped as was usual.
It caught one Gongka fair and square in tho middle. In
the light of our searchlight we saw him stagger; his out-
lines appeared to flicker, and then abruptly he was a
vanishing dark speck rushing towards the zenith. It had
worked with one. We had caught him unawares, shot him
out into the frigid space before he had a chance of recov-
ering himself.

  Another gap appeared in the blanket of flying bodies
overhead, then another and another. It looked too easy. It
was. As though aware that something had gone wrong
the flying dragons massed closer together, poised in their
flight and with giant wings lazily flapping appeared to
be speculating on this new menace.

  The ray caught the mass of bodies in the center. They
rocked a little, but the pressure of the numbers descending
on them from above drove them down a little against
the force of our ray. There were little gaps between.
346	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

Probably a good deal of the pressure exerted by us was
being dissipated through them.

  The ray was concentrated, extra force put into it. The
flight of Gongkas split up, probably of their own accord.
A gap appeared in the sky above their ranks. The ray
caught one of the bulks squarely at a moment when none
of its companions was immediately above it. It vanished
abruptly into the infinite, passing beyond the range of our
vision.

  Now they were dropping silently down level with us.
As they turned and wheeled the ray followed them. Its
effect on their massed ranks was not so great. But there
was still the heat ray. We had kept that going all the time,
and it had accounted for a few.

  As they moved, as our repeller ray swung round to fol-
low them something happened that I still can picture as
vividly as the night I saw it. By some species of mis-
chance one flying dragon was slightly higher than his
fellows. His body was hidden by the mass of their bodies,
but his immense beaked head projected over the heads
of the others. The repeller ray caught him squarely in
the neck.

  We gasped as we saw the great head torn ruthlessly
from its columnar neck, and its scattered atoms strewn
across the face of the stars .... The huge body went
wheeling lazily downward.

  Perhaps the Gongkas possessed more intelligence than
we had credited them with, enough at least to realize
what had happened. The sheer nastiness of it held us
spell-bound for a fraction of time too small to measure
by any accepted standards. Yet when we looked again
the sky was clearing and the dragons were in full flight,
heading as they had done before, towards their eyrie in
the north.

  We looked around. The circle of the horizon swept
by our searchlight’s beam was rapidly clearing, the black
cloud itself was thinning down to harmlessness, and the
dragons themselves were no more than black specks dwin-
dling away in the distance.

  It was then we thought of the polyhedron, and the
little people in it. Some time elapsed before we managed
to locate it.

  It had crashed. There was no doubt of that, for in the
light of the searchlight’s glare a gaping hole showed in its
side, and machinery . . . and other things . . . were strewn
about the ground around it. Yet it did not look as though
all its people were dead. We seemed to see movement
going on.

  A sudden compassion for them welled up in our hearts.
They could hardly harm us now, and they might need
succour.

  Slowly on an even keel we settled down, the great white
beams of our lights throwing every item of the scene up
in strong relief.

           CHAPTER XXI
           The Plant Men

'T'HE Icarus came slowly to rest an even hundred yards
or so away from the stricken flyer, and we made ready
a landing party to investigate. The white beam of our
light was still focussed on the wreck, and every detail
stood out against the black background of the night.
Many of the little people, horribly and grotesquely smash-
ed, lay strewn about the ground, but there were others wq
could see, moving about and probing amongst the wreck-
age.

  They seemed listless and apathetic as though the fight
had gone out of them. Perhaps the magnitude of the
disaster that had overtaken them would have accounted

for that. The situation must have appeared appalling to
them, to be marooned without hope of success—if our
guess was correct—light years away from their own sys-
tem.

  Add to_ that, the turn of events had left them helpless,
at the mercy—as no doubt they believed—of this strange
ship whose men they had attacked but such a short while
ago. Whether they realized we, too, were aliens on Nep-
tune or not, of course I cannot say. The chances were
that our captive was the only one of them who had the
faintest idea that we were not native to the planet.

  It was not my luck to go with the landing party. That,
this time, was forbidden me, but I was able from the ob-
servation room to see most of what went on, and what
little escaped me I learned later.

  As a measure of precaution we kept our armament
trained on them. We did not think they would start any-
thing now, nevertheless we did not feel inclined to take
the risk.

  Actually the landing party approached almost within
hand’s touch of them before any notice was taken of them.
The curious paralysis that had come over the little peo-
ple seemed to affect even their minds. It was obvious that
some of them were aware of our men, but they merely
stood and stared with an incuriousness that had its dis-
concerting side. We would have feared a trap of some
sort had it not been so evident that the fierce white beam
of our searchlight was in itself partly responsible for
their lassitude. It appeared to fix and fascinate them.

  They had ignored their dead. They had made no at-
tempt to attend to their wounded. Their whole attention
had been fixed on ascertaining the damage done to the
polyhedron. When they discovered that as far as they
were concerned it was irreparable they had sunk into
despair.

  Our men automatically divided themselves into two par-
ties. One went to work among the dead and dying on
the ground, while the others covered them with their ray
tubes. A mere matter of precaution again that might or
might not be necessary.

  The injured were few, half a dozen in all. Wounds,
fractures, broken limbs and such-like. So much Was evi-
dent on cursory inspection. Apparently these strange
creatures had no flesh in die accepted sense of the word,
nothing that could bruise .... Where there were frac-
tures or even clean breaks the limb had invariably snap-
ped right across, held together merely by a sort of thin
ligament. From the gash a kind of green liquid, rather
thick and not very much of it, exuded slowly. Take a
green twig, snap it across without actually breaking it
into two separate pieces, and watch the green sap ooze
out, and you have some idea of what their wounds looked
like.

  The sight confirmed the suspicion that had been grow-
ing in everyone’s mind from the time I had first captured
the little creature in the observation room. They were
not human beings like ourselves, not creatures of flesh
and blood. They were . . . plant men! On that strange
and distant planet where their home was, the dominant
intelligence had developed from the vegetable kingdom.

  I saw some of the wounded brought in; heard a good
deal of what our fellows had to say about them, and had
a chance of seeing more for myself. At first I think our
dominant emotion was an odd sort of revulsion at the
recognition that they had no kinship with us in the way
most flesh and blood creatures had. But that speedily
passed. As in the case of our captive their appearance
had a good deal to do with overcoming that first involun-
tary shrinking when the truth was made known. The fact
that their limbs partook more of the nature of dried
twigs than anything else no doubt had a lot to do with
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	347

that They were at worat in appearance grotesque yet
not unlikeable caricatures of the human form. Had they
been a more pulpy vegetable form our reactions might
have been altogether different in the long run.

  A rough exploration of their bodies gave the doctor
grounds for believing that they could be treated much
along the same lines as human beings, but until we had
learned a little more about their nervous systems and the
particular chemical constituents of their sap-like blood he
decided it was better not risk anything in the nature of
injections. For the same reason we made no attempt to
give them food or drink of any sort. It was quite likely
that what we found nourishing might be the rankest of
poison to them. The question itself was solved some little
time later, however, when our original captive, his gravity
shoes now fixed, was brought in to see some of our fel-
lows at their meals in the hope that we might find out
what sort of menu was most suitable for him. A selec-
tion of everything we had in the eating and drinking line
was placed before him.

PRACTICALLY all the solid food he viewed with dis-
favor. The liquids or semi-liquids excited his inter-
est, though he passed most of them up. Such things as tea
and coffee he hesitated over, finally coming back to the tea.
He tasted some, sipped a little more, then drank up the
rest, though without any great appearance of relish.

  Someone in a moment of inspiration thought of giving
him some water, arguing that since he had concentrated
on liquids and he was indubitably a plant man water was
almost certain to be his natural form of nutriment.

  lie took the vessel, holding it awkwardly between the two
fingers and thumb of one hand, looked at it as if uncer-
tain what it was, then set the vessel down and deliberately
dipped one finger in the water. He drew it out quickly,
and looked up at the men with odd, searching eyes. Plain-
ly he had something he wanted to make us understand,
and was at a loss how to proceed.

  His glance swept the table. Abruptly he indicated the
teapot, and signed that he wanted it. But when it was
passed to him he merely felt the outside of it, then felt
the outside of the vessel containing water, and made some
gestures whose meaning was not very plain. But an idea
came to one of the watchers.

  “I think I see what he means,” he said. “He’s trying
to tell us that .the water isn’t the right temperature. He
wants it made as warm as the tea. Try it tepid. We
don’t want to scald the little chap.”

  The guess was correct enough. The plant man took the
warmed water, drank it with avidity and signed for more.
Altogether he drank about a gallon of it before he decided
to call it a meal.

  When the wounded had been attended to, our attention
was turned to the rest of the plant men who were un-
harmed. For safety’s sake the guard had been maintained
over them from the start, but they had given no trouble,
indeed they accepted everything we did with the same
utter lack of interest that had characterized their ex-
pressions from the moment we had landed in the midst of
them.

  The worst disaster of all, the destruction of their ship,
had evidently left them in the condition of mind where
no' subsequent catastrophe had power to disturb them
further. Rather remarkably in contrast to their demeanor
was the behavior of our original captive. He had estab-
lished a point of contact with us, and, allowing for the
barriers interposed by the absence of a common language,
he had got on a decidedly friendly footing with our fel-
lows. Still, even though he seemed harmless, orders went
out that a close eye was to be kept on his movements and

under no circumstances was he to be allowed near either
the observation or control rooms.

  My turn came later when the last of the plant humanity
had been removed from the vicinity of the polyhedron.
Yates was now practically his own man again, and he
and I were detailed with such assistants as we wished to
select to make an examination of the polyhedron. We
turned our attention first of all to the superficial damage.
This was not strictly my department; my knowledge of
the mechanics of a space ship officially began and ended
with the navigational part of it; but stray hints never
come amiss in our game, and I am not above learning all
I can. Yates and one of the engineers went thoroughly
over the shell in their best professional manner, and at
the end declared that they believed she could be made
space-worthy again without much difficulty.

  An area, of roughly about one-eighth of her total sur-
face, had been torn off the outer shell, revealing the
vacuum space beneath and the inner skin had been punc-
tured. We had the necessary apparatus on board to
weld up the holes, and if we were obliged to we could
probably fall back on the resources of the planet. The
metal itself alone might present a difficulty. At a glance
it seemed to come under no heading of which we were
aware; it was no metal known to the mechanics of three
planets, and it remained to be seen whether it would amal-
gamate successfully with the repair plates we carried.

  Under test it appeared to be of considerable toughness,
with a density slightly higher than that of aluminum. A
light metal. The peculiar feature of it was that while it
resisted direct blows of tremendous force—we tried it
later with the hammers and they rebounded from the sur-
face—a thin sharp pointed instrument like a knife or,
for instance, the claws and beaks of the Gongkas, was cap-
able of holing it. But let me say here that a single slash
was not sufficient to do this. It required repeated stabs in
the one particular spot before the hole was made, but
once that was done it could be torn in strips with compar-
ative ease.

  We imagined that the repeated onslaughts of the Gong-
kas had at last made an opening in the wall of the shell;
beaks and claws had enlarged this to a very considerable
extent, and ultimately the weight of the flying creatures
dragging on the lower lip of the puncture had torn this
great piece out. The damage could hardly have been caus-
ed by the crash, though some of the machinery and the
injured plant men had been thrown by the force of the
impact through the hole in the inner wall onto the
ground outside.

  A careful search of the interior of the polyhedron failed
to reveal any repair sheets, and we were forced to con-
clude that either the vessel carried none or else had used
them all up in the earlier part of the voyage. We were
rather hasty in jumping to this conclusion as we found
out later on.

' I 'HE driving system seemed on the face of it to pro
* sent certain difficulties. We had looked first of all
for something analagous to the system used on the Inner
Planets’ runs, actually a combination of rocket engines
and gravity screens, but we could see nothing that by
any stretch of imagination even faintly suggested such
methods. The room we took to be a sort of combination
of control- and engine-room merely contained in the way of
machinery an instrument something like an overgrown
typewriter.

  It was obvious at least that the driving force originated
from here and we set about tracking the leads. And pre-
sently we became aware that from the base of the type-
writer affair there radiated a perfect maze of tubes, thin
rod-like things that at certain intervals ran through the
348	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

inner skin of the ship and terminated flush with the outer
shell. Here the mouths of the tubes were covered with a
quartz-like semi-transparent substance of great strength,
set flush in the outer skin, though something about their
shape suggested the bull’s-eye glasses on our pocket
torches and made me think that their essential purpose
was purely a focal one.

  And at that an idea came to me, one that with a little
more luck I might have visualized before.

  “Yates,” I said. I caught him by the arm. “Their
power ...”

  He wheeled on me. “Have you solved it, Grayne?”
An odd smile flickered about the comers of his mouth.
He lacked the essential information that was mine, no
doubt, but then some of the others, the engineer amongst
them, should have guessed it.

  “I don’t know,” I said frankly. “I’m making a sug-
gestion for what it is worth.” And then I told him about
the transporter beams on which he and his unconscious
colleagues had been carried. “Only,” I ended, “you
weren’t carried in the strict sense of the word. They had
the repulsive qualities of the beams gauged to a nicety.
Your body was the repulsive point common to two or
more beams, you see.”

  He nodded, quick to grasp my lame explanation. “And
if one of the beams had snapped off suddenly leaving
the other on,” he commented wryly, “I’d have been shot
away like a bullet from a rifle.”

  “Something of the sort,” I agreed.

  “I think you’re probably right. They balanced us
nicely between the opposing points of the two rays. Now,
you ask why shouldn’t that system of repelling rays be
their method of propulsion? Isn’t that it?”

  “Exactly,” I told him. “I know what you’re going to
say, that the force required must be tremendous. But
we don’t know. It may be that they can graduate it until
they are outside the atmospheric envelope, and then can
give themselves such a tremendous kick-off that ...”
“That they go on sailing serenely away at velocity until
they decided to brake their passage,” he cut in. “I
should say you’re as near to it as any of us are likely to
get. In fact the bosses on this quartz-like stuff on the
ends of the tubes remind me of the things they all seemed
to be carrying about with them. Like canes with a bull’s-
eye on the end. The queer thing is that having discovered
a ray of this sort, they didn’t go further and stumble on
the secret of the heat ray and one or two others we know
of. But it seems they didn’t. We’ll take it then that this
is their means of locomotion. Everything seems to an-
swer to it, except one thing. I can’t see where they gener-
ated their power. I’d have expected to find something in
the nature of a full-sized generator here . . . and there
isn’t.”

   “It may be a sort of chemical action,” said the engineer.
“I’ve always thought the generator was rather cumbersome
myself. With a handful of chemicals now ...”

   He finished with expressive gestures.

  But his suggestion set us hunting round for something
in the nature of chemicals, partly with an eye to business
and partly in the hope that we might make some new dis-
coveries that would ultimately benefit the confederated
planets. We struck several compartments that would have
answered pretty well for laboratories, and most of them
had stores of chemicals of various kinds, but they were
all substances more or less well known to us, and so we
passed them for closer examination later on by more
qualified men, just in case they might have uses or proper-
ties not commonly attributed to them on the Inner
Planets.

  But some time later, just as the grey dawn was breaking
bleakly in the dull Neptunian sky, we found a storeroom

of sorts down towards what was at present the bottom of
the polyhedron. It was built right into the inner skin, a
compartment glass-lined on all six sides. A number of
small, long-necked bottles, reminding us irresistibly of
Dewar bulbs, had once stood in a row in racks against
the wall. The racks, apparently, had been devised to keep
them from shifting and pitching with the movement of
the polyhedron, but they had not survived the impact
when the flyer hit the surface of Neptune. All of the bot-
tles seemed to have been thrown to the floor; all were
cracked and broken, and their contents seemingly had van-
ished.

  “I say”—Yates had struck his foot against something
—“this looks like—yes, it is—a sheet of that stuff out of
which the outer shell is made.”

T TE bent and tried to pick it up, but it resisted all his

  A efforts. Presumably it had become stuck to the floor.

   It was dark enough here, and we jetted the lights of the
lamps from one corner to the other, looking about us.
The rack framework had half fallen when it spilled the
bottles out, but one end still hung from the wall, and
formed an angle with it. It was there, jammed between
the wall and the framework, that we found a bottle in-
tact

  Yates lifted the bottle up and examined it curiously. A
small screw stopper, made of some substance similar to
vulcanite, sealed the orifice of tl* neck.

  He gave the stopper a twist. It moved easily enough,
so in a spasm of curiosity he unscrewed it further. It
came out with a popping sound. Yates gave a cry and
nearly dropped the bottle.

  What happened was simple enough. The moment the
stopper was removed, or rather the instant the air got to
it, the liquid in the bottle began to froth and bubble out
in a thin stream, spreading rapidly across the floor before
our eyes. There it hardened almost at once into a thin
sheet of the very look and consistency of the metal that
formed the polyhedron’s shell.

  Yates flicked at a scrap of the stuff that had stuck
to his finger and it came away bringing a piece of skin
with it.

  “Cold metal,” he said as though talking to himself.
“Metal in a liquid, molten state yet cold. Can you imag-
ine that, Grayne?”

  “I don’t need to imagine that” I said dryly. “I’ve seen
it for myself. Still it seems to be a queer metal that can
be kept liquid in a Dewar bulb, but that sets almost as
soon as it is exposed to the air.”

  Yates fingered his chin thoughtfully. “Not almost in-
stantly,” he corrected. “You saw that it spread and ran
a good deal before it hardened. My own feeling is that
those bottles are a sort of vacuum flask. The metal is
poured into them in a molten state, though it must have
an exceedingly low melting point; they keep it at the
requisite temperature, and, of course it hardens on ex-
posure to the air after it has a chance to cool off, which
it does very quickly. Still, seeing this”—he gestured to-
wards the broken bottles—“it’s easy to understand how
those little fellows completely lost heart. They couldn’t
have seen any way of repairing the flyer. That must have
been it, for they were plenty full of pep while we were in
their hands.”

  “Yates,” I said—the engineer was not listening at the
moment—“what’s the idea about this? Apart from learn-
ing all we can about the flyer, I mean. Seems to me that
the question of repairing the polyhedron and making her
navigable again has something to do with our instruc-
tions.”

  He nodded. “You’re quite right. We can’t do much
here, with these plant men, I mean. The idea is to re-
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	349

pair their flyer if possible, put in a prize crew and navigate
her and her old crew back to Earth in our company. Af-
ter that it’s up to our scientists to make what they can
out of things. But we can’t waste time talking now. My
work’s nearly over, yours is beginning. Potter round and
see what you can make of things while I have a look over
that gyroscope arrangement that seems to control the
spinning of the outer shell.”

  As a matter of fact I found little of interest in my par-
ticular department. The utter absence of all space charts
convinced me that this was purely a first exploratory
expedition into a system whose component planets were
unknown to the polyhedron’s people. I, however, un-
earthed a number of volumes of thin metal sheets, en-
graved back and front with cabalistic characters that con-
veyed nothing to me. I could not even say whether they
corresponded to our logarithm tables by which we made
our calculations, or merely formed part of the ship’s
library. Seeing that I found them in the observation
room though the latter conclusion seemed the less likely
of the two.

THE metal of which the leaves were made intrigued
me. I was sure it was metal simply because when
I accidentally dropped one of the volumes it made a clang-
ing sound, though to the touch the pages felt like feather-
weight paper. Well, they weren’t for me to worry over.
Greater minds than mine could exercise their talents on
them when we returned to Earth.

  Beyond that there was nothing other than I would
have expected to find in such a place. Many of the in-
struments had unfamiliar shapes and worked in unfamiliar
ways, but there were none whose principles did not be-
come apparent after a few minutes’ experimentation. I
had been in hopes of lighting on something new in that
line, but apparently in some respects the plant men had
progressed no further than we.

  Yates had finished his investigations about the same
time as I, and the glow of the artificial suns was already
brightening the new day when we made our way back to
the Icarus. It struck me then how completely the advent
of this stranger race from the outer regions of space
had pushed into the background the main object of our
expedition. The peaceful indolent Neptunians had ceased
almost to have any significance, and whatever conflict
the exploitation of this sparsely populated planet dragged
us into in the future it Was not likely it would be with the
present inhabitants. If ever we crossed swords with any-
one it was not improbable it would be with this queer
race of beings. They were not merely alien in thought,
word and deed, but amazingly enough were not even
creatures of flesh and blood.

  But before that came about I hoped that Paula and I
would be back on Earth, or more probably settled some-
where on one of the other Inner Planets. You see, I some-
how dreaded the wrath of Jens Fontaine, her father, and
felt that for a time at least on our return we would do well
to keep outside the circle of his influence. If he took it
into his head to disapprove of our alliance, I doubted
whether even the Council would be powerful enough to
protect me. The main question in my mind was whether
they would consider me worth protecting. Somehow I
felt not.

CHAPTER XXII
The Wonder Metal

OUR headlong career of the previous night had taken
us a considerable distance away from our base, and
dropped us in what was by comparison wild and desolate

country. For a number of reasons we were anxious to
get back to the domed city as soon as possible, not the
least of which was that such repair work as we wished to
do on the polyhedron could not be readily undertaken
where we were.

  On the receipt of our reports Rifflin decided to return
at once to the base. The polyhedron itself could be navi-
gated under its own power as long as we remained inside
the limits of the atmosphere, though until we found some
way of making it air- and temperature-tight we dare not
take it out into space.

  The repulsive ray system under which the polyhedron
worked baffled us for some time in the absence of any-
thing in the nature of a generator, but an overhaul of the
various tubes connected with it revealed traces of chemi-
cals that were readily identifiable under analysis. Quanti-
ties of these still remained in the jars in the laboratory,
and the right mixture was purely a matter of experiment.
Even with so much to guide us it was a matter of two
days before we were ready to leave. At last, however, all
was ready and the two flyers took the air together, heading
southwest towards the domed city.

  The polyhedron was quite air-worthy, though she had
a tendency to wobble a bit, and it was impossible to get
up any considerable speed without running the risk of
being shot out into space. Hence we took two or three
times as long reaching our objective as we otherwise would
have done.

  It was late in the afternoon of that day when we dropped
down again on our original landing ground, and we were
almost instantly surrounded by a crowd of eager, clamor-
ing Neptunians, foremost amongst whom were our old
friends Halvus Tar and Mahbut Ahl. From the moment
they had seen us vanish in the blackness of the artificial
fog that fateful afternoon they had given us up for lost.
Frankly they never expected to see us again.

  As well as we could we explained what had happened,
and exhibited the polyhedron and the plant men as evi-
dence of the truth of our tale. We need not have feared
that they would be sceptical, however. They were only
too ready to believe us.- Rather to our surprise they ap-
peared not altogether unacquainted with the plant men,
and, presently, for we still found considerable difficulty
with the Neptunian tongue, we gathered that this was not
the first occasion on which such visitors had appeared on
the planet.

  That was news to us. Hitherto we had imagined that we
were the first space-voyagers to reach here. Try as we
would, however, we could not extract from them details
of this last visitation. Evidently it was something they
regarded with horror, a memory that they would willingly
forget. That struck us as queer, for the plant men, once
the initial antagonism between our two parties had dis-
appeared, seemed to be quiet, genial, likeable little peo-
ple. But apparently they had done something—if indeed
it was the plant men themselves and not some other- race
with whom the Neptunians were confusing them—on the
occasion of the last visit that had caused their advent to
linger in the memories of our hosts.

  Beyond the tacit admission that they had seen similar
beings before and a certain marked aversion they dis-
played towards the plant men we could extract no infor-
mation of value from our Neptunian friends. We did not
even know whether the visit was one of comparatively
recent date or something far back in their world s history.

  We met with no better luck where Gark was concerned.
We had hoped that through the medium of those mechan-
ical adjuncts to the Great Brain we might have been able
to communicate with the plant men and learn something
more about them. But Gark first of all displayed a very
pronounced reluctance to have anything at all to do with
(Illustration by Paul)

        “We hesitated for only a moment. Wherever a
      stretch of leathery wing showed, our heat ray
      flickered and another bird went toppling down.”

       things was a normal habit with him. I don’t know. In
       this instance I can simply record things as we found them.

       W/E tried hfm again in the hope of getting from him
       •V some advice, good or bad, as to how we should deal
       with the newcomers, but here we came up against his
       practical limitations. When he chose to release his ac-
       cumulated knowledge he could be a veritable storehouse
       of information, but there his usefulness began and ended.
       As I fancy I have intimated earlier in this work, from
       long disuse of the faculty he was now unable to look into
       the future; his ability to reason ahead had atrophied and
       at length failed altogether.

          We left him to himself, the last of the great experi-
        ments of Neptune, a colossal failure by virtue of the very
        success he had achieved, left him to brood perhaps over
        the days of vanished greatness, if brood indeed he ever
        did. More likely he had passed ages ago into a state of
        Nirvanic calm where most things had ceased to matter.

  _ But if the Neptunians disliked and avoided the plant men

*,>=: the feeling was more than reciprocated by the little

//-y 7-r

350	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

them. When finally he yielded to our persuasion the re-
sults he achieved were negligible. Later he informed us
that there was some subtle difference in composition be-
tween the brain stuff of the plant men and the flesh and
blood creatures such as ourselves and the Neptunians that
prevented him establishing contact.

  Frankly we did not altogether believe him. Probably
the position was that the plant men were in some ways
Gark’s intellectual superiors, and only by shutting his

mind completely against them was he able to prevent them
reading his brain. That would explain, too, why he could
extract nothing from their brains. In contrast to the other
Neptunians, Gark’s attitude towards them was less of
fear and dislike and more of complete indifference. He
preferred, he conveyed to us, to have as little as possible
to do with them. But perhaps this was merely due to the
fact that he had long ago passed beyond the compass of
any human emotion, and that utter indifference to most

i
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	351

creatures. They shrank from contact with them as though
the touch of them were pollution . . . Perhaps it all had
its beginning ’way back in the dim ages of the past before
either of them had evolved to their present form. If one
had been able to trace back to the root stock of each race
the enigma might have been solved.

  Curiously enough it was through the Neptunians that
we at last managed to find a method of repairing the
polyhedron. Our own metals had refused to amalgamate
with the metal of the flyer and we were nearly giving up
in despair when one day, Halvus Tar, who had been an
interested spectator of our experiments, asked us what it
was that seemed to be baffling us.

  We told him, more out of courtesy than for any other
reason. He displayed quite an accession of interest once
he understood what was wrong. I think in his own queer
way he was genuinely fond of us. At any rate he asked
to see the strange metal, and we showed some of the thin
sheets we had found on the floor of the storeroom of the
polyhedron.

  Then haltingly he explained that such a substance was
not altogether unknown on Neptune. The inhabitants,
however, not being great metal workers, and finding little
or no use for it, had done next to nothing with it. It
possessed peculiar properties that rendered it more or
less useless for most of their purposes. One was that it
was found almost always in a liquid state, and it rapidly
hardened before it could be worked. Oncc it had been ex-
posed to the air no amount of heat applied to it could
render it malleable. A good deal of this, however, may
have been due to the fact that the Neptunians possessed
no electric furnaces; their ideas of heat were radically
different from ours, and for generations 150 degrees Fah-
renheit had been the upward limit of their range of tem-
peratures.

  Halvus Tar, however, told us that many of their ancient
sages had held that the core of the planet was composed
of this metal, and that any attempt to mine it would result
in the balance of Neptune being disturbed. Whether or
not there was anything in the last part of this suggestion,
the first part of it seemed quite feasible. It was in a way
merely a variation of the osmotic theorem, and if it were
correct it would no doubt explain why Neptune’s mass
was not in proportion to its size. Until within the last
half century or so the greater proportion of the astron-
omers of the Inner Planets had reasoned that the lesser
gravity pull on such a huge planet must be due to the fact
that it was probably in a gaseous or semi-molten state.
Here, at any rate, it looked as though we were within
measurable distance of solving the enigma that had puz-
zled scientists for generations.

  When we asked to be directed to the place where this
substance could be found we had some difficulty in get-
ting any definite particulars. For centuries no one had
been in the mine, or excavation, or whatever it had been
originally. A series of catastrophes following the early
discoveries had disinclined people to proceed any further
with the mining works, and with that inconsequence which
seemed an ingrained characteristic of the Neptunians the
workings had been abandoned, and even the location lost
sight of.

  Halvus Tar, once he realized that it was a matter of
some considerable importance to us, certainly bestirred
himself to some purpose. He pawed over such of the old
records as were obtainable; I fancy he even interviewed
Gark in the hope of extracting some information from
that vast storehouse of past knowledge, and in the end
was able to give us indications that resulted in us narrow-
ing down the field of search to within certain well-defined
limits.

  With the utmost possible care, for we had no idea what

would happen once the stuff commenced to rise to the
surface we began to drill, following as closely as we could
the-ancient earth method of tapping oil-wells, and had the
satisfaction of discovering, after one or two false starts,
that our ideas had been correct.

'"THE stuff came bubbling up like an oil-gusher, but at
a much slower rate. Our big difficulty with it from the
start was in its tendency to harden almost immediately it
came in contact with the air. Indeed in one boring we
put down the substance actually congealed, if one can
call it that, in the well itself, with the immediate result
that we had to abandon it in favor of another boring.

  We solved the problem before things had got too far—
we always had a fear that the air might penetrate to the
deposit below and the whole of it solidify—by erecting a
vacuum chamber over the site of the new boring before
ever we put a drill to the ground. We built the chamber
large enough to allow of all the equipment of a full-sized
laboratory besides room for the workmen. The liquid
metal was then drawn off free from contact with the air,
and decanted into the Dewar bulbs, as, for convenience
sake, we called the bottles the plant men used. Actually
there were radical differences, as soon became apparent,
between them and the Dewar bulb as used on Earth for
the storage of liquid air and kindred substances—they
partook more of the nature of vacuum flasks of a larger
growth—but the name served as well as any, and so it
stuck.

  It took us the greater part of a month getting a big
enough supply to repair the damaged polyhedron. The
stuff spread wonderfully thin in actual practice, and it
took numberless applications before we succeeded in
building up the requisite thickness.

  We were a little puzzled at first as to what we should
use to support the initial film. You see, it wasn’t as
though we were dealing with an actual solid material that
could be laid over the gap in the polyhedron and then cut
or welded so as to join up with the original shell. To our
minds it seemed much as though we were pouring water
into a hole in an iron plate in an abortive attempt to re-
pair it. At the moment of contact it did not acquire a
sufficient rigidity to bridge the gap and take the weight
of the successive layers.

  Originally no doubt the shell had been built round a
mould that could be broken away once the stuff had set.
Our first natural idea was that earth or clay or some
similar substance had been used but all kinds of exper-
iments with anything of that nature merely resulted in
failure. Probably the plant men themselves could have
shown us—it did not require any precise method of com-
munication for that—but when we brought them along and
indicated by signs what we wanted to know we failed
to get even the faintest glimmer of intelligent interest out
of them. Secretly we imagined from the height of their
superior wisdom they were watching with amusement the
result of our puny efforts to grapple with matters outside
the scope of our particular attainments.

  We solved the problem in the end in a fashion by shor-
ing up the underside of the hole with wood, and into a
sort of trough thus made pouring the liquid stuff. The
result was hardly satisfactory. The outside surface amal-
gamated all right with the outside of the shell, but we
had considerable difficulty in removing the wooden sup-
ports, and when at last they came away they left the un-
dersurface all scored and pitted, and displaying an alarm-
ing tendency to crack.

  Oddly enough it looked as though splinters of wood
had the surprising power of being able to penetrate the
stuff, and, if one may put it that way, set up a toxic con-
dition in the metal in much the same fashion that a splin-
352	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

ter in human flesh will become the focal point of a fester.

  Whether this condition would remain purely local or
gradually spread to the whole of the metal, and finally
cause it to split and disintegrate we had no means of
knowing. Observations over a period of weeks failed to
reveal any marked change, which was not to say that
none might not take place once the shell was exposed to
the cold of space. But since we would undoubtedly have
to face that very vital problem some time or other on the
return voyage from Neptune to Earth we loaded the store-
room of the polyhedron to capacity with the bottle of
metal.

' I 'HE supply we already had was not sufficient, so we
set to work to make more containers. That was sim-
ple enough work. The vitreous mineral of the Neptun-
ians proved an even better material for the purpose than
the original bottles of the plant men. It was readily
plastic under a moderate heat and could be worked into
the required shape with little or no difficulty. In the end
we had prepared and filled several hundred of what were
virtually large vacuum flasks with the precious liquid.

  Meanwhile our explorations had been going on in other
directions. Our various scientific parties had covered
practically the whole surface of the planet with the ex-
ception of the polar regions and the bleak country to the
north, honeycombed with caves, where the Gongkas had
their lair. We were not anxious for further encounters
with those monsters, though we promised that the next ex-
pedition from the Inner Planets would bring along the
kind of equipment that would effectually clean them up.

  The net results of the various expeditions were quite
satisfactory we found when we had them collated. Nep-
tune was particularly rich in a number of rare minerals,
including this rather useful liquid metal to which the
plant men had first introduced us. Its people were a
decadent easy-going race, one that would not be affected
adversely by a properly regulated influx of people from
the Inner Planets. Probably they would gain from con-
tact with us. Only a relatively small area of the planet
was being used, though the bulk of it, with an increase
in the number and power of the artificial suns, could be
made decently productive.

  Apparently they were indifferent to the gains that might
accrue to them if they joined the confederated planets;
but they gave us to understand that they would welcome
contact with more of our kind. Our handling of the
Gongka menace and the way we had overcome the plant
men, accident though it was, had convinced them that we
came of a race that could do them no ultimate harm.

  Gark in a communication he made to Panla gave his
views on the matter. After the first couple of interviews
with us he always insisted on dealing with us through
Paula. Perhaps this was because she was the only woman
of the party and he himself had once been a man before
he became an experiment. Or it may have been merely
that he found her more receptive than the rest of us.

  Gark thought: “It can do no harm to have Earthmen
come here in their numbers. It may even do ultimate
good. We are a dying race. A very few centuries will
see us only a memory, and it is not right that with the
brief span of life left ahead of our race, we should attempt
to shut the other peoples of the system out from the use of
things that are valueless to us. Our planet Tex may well
be the treasure house of the solar system. We have neither
the energy, ability, nor inclination to use those treasures
to their fullest. Take them and do with them what you
will.”

  Myself I thought that pretty cool. The rest of the Nep-
tunians might not feel the same about the matter. How-
ever, what Gark thought usually seemed to go with them,

and I doubt very much whether they would have troubled
to oppose his suggestions even had they run counter to
their own desires. But curiously enough, that situation
appeared never to have arisen. Perhaps it was that Gark
was in a position to know their minds better than they
knew them themselves. Then, too, he was the nearest
thing to anything like a supreme power the planet poss-
essed, even though he had neither the will nor the need
to enforce his wishes, and so the impact of his person-
ality was by no means negligible.

  So time drifted by. Our preparations for departure
were almost complete, and a very few days more would
see us take to space on the homeward track to Earth.
Then that happened which brought all our plans to naught.
A factor we had not taken into serious consideration was
nearly the cause of our undoing.

CHAPTER XXIII

Marooned!

E were to leave as soon after dawn as it was light
enough to see clearly.

  I awoke abruptly to the sense of another presence in my
room, at the same time becoming aware that the lights were
full on. My eyelids opened with difficulty, and when I
attempted to turn my head to see who the intruder was—
someone sent in to rouse me I presumed, naturally
enough—to my consternation I found I could not move.

  In some ways I was still in a half-dazed state. I was
almost ready to persuade myself that I was in the grip of
a nightmare whose actual effects were slow in passing.
Such things have been known. I have experienced them
myself. But the feeling did not pass. If anything it
grew in intensity as the slow seconds ticked away, and
soon I became convinced that it was no nightmare, but
stark reality confronting me.

  My faculties cleared, but I could not achieve movement.
I lay on my bed, so completely paralyzed as though I was
bound tightly hand and foot. More so, for I could not
move a finger, could not even turn my head. My own
reading was that my eyes had opened involuntarily the
faintest fraction of a second before this queer disability
had seized on me. That being so, they had remained
open.

  The rustling sound which had been one of the combina-
tion of little causes which had awakened me drew nearer.
A grotesque shadow, thrown by the glare of the light tube
overhead, lay for an instant across my face, a weird, thin,
flickering shadow. Then a tiny hand with something so
small I could not rightly define its proportions clutched
between its two fingers and an opposing thumb came into
view.

  For an instant the small face of one of the plant men
danced before my eyes, then a thin spray of liquid jetted
from the instrument in its hand, nearly blinding me. I
was surprised to find that I could move my eyelids, the
paralysis seemed to have passed away from my neck mus-
cles. I tried to speak, but I could not.

  Whatever the thing that held me in its grip, it was
doubtless something in the nature of a local anesthetic.
Its effect could be removed as readily apparently as it
could be applied . . . totally or in part.

  I was sure of that the next instant when I became aware
of a faint pricking in my right leg and sensation began
to return to it. Twisting my head a little to one side,
which I could do now, I was able to see the plant man
reach over to my left leg, jab into the calf something like
a tiny hypodermic syringe, and a second or so later it too
had come back to normal. The plant man came round to
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	353

me, and made signs that I interpreted as meaning I was
to get on my feet.

  I obeyed, mainly because I had a hope that by doing so
1 might be able to turn the tables. I was never more
completely mistaken. Until I attempted to get from the
bed and stand upright on the floor, I don’t think I ever
realized just how great a part one’s arms play in bal-
ancing one. My arms were not so much immovable as
helpless . . . powerless. I could make odd little ineffec-
tual gestures with them, but I had lost the ability to raise
them. I think I had even lost the desire. That strange
drug they must have given me had sapped my will-power
even as it had partially paralyzed my motor nerves. Had
my life depended on it I could not have lifted ray arms
two inches. I was unable even to close my fists. I could
not fight that insidious something that seemed to suggest I
must not try. To all intents and purposes I was an auto-
maton.

  I found that out the instant I stood on the floor. The
plant man opened the door, beckoned, and I came.

  There were others in the glare of the passage, men—
and one woman, I saw with gladness—shambling awk-
wardly along, arms dangling against their sides . . . Be-
hind them numbers of small, active plant men urging
them along.

  I felt—more particularly when I saw Paula and knew
she saw me—that I should do something, make some mad
attempt to break the thing that held me in thralL It was
no more than a thought, an idea that flashed up and died,
that came and passed. I had neither the wit nor the will
to do anything. Later others told me their experience
was the same. The deadly drug—call it that—which had
been administered to us sapped all initiative. Minds as
well as bodies were held in subjection.

  We had not been as careful as we should have been.
That much was obvious. No doubt we had underrated
the plant men’s cunning, while we had recognized their
intelligence. Yet it was difficult to see what else we could
have done. Between the two races stretched an intellec-
tual gulf that hardly anything could bridge. They were
of quite as high an order of intelligence as we, in some re-
spects no doubt they far outshone us, but the trouble
was we had no common basis of understanding. As well
expect an intellectual alliance between the animate and
inanimate . . •

\VfE had searched them for arms. They had none.

  ” We could not, without undue cruelty, have kept
them close prisoners. As it was we had kept them away
from the part of the ship that mattered, given them their
own quarters, and seen that they did not venture beyond.
There had been a guard about to see that they did not
stray.

  They must have had resources of which we had not
dreamed. The things I had seen them use on me, that tiny
spray and the microscopic hypodermic, could have been
concealed quite easily. If they could be taken to pieces
the sections would have escaped our eyes. Remember the
plant men themselves were no more than eighteen inches
or so in height. Everything connected with them was
made in proportion. And their evolutionary processes
had been totally different from ours. Looking back one
could see a thousand ways in which they might have tricked
us. But that was when our eyes had been opened. I do
not think on reflection that we could be convicted of undue
carelessness. We were up against the menace of an alien
intelligence. That is the best way to explain it.

  That shambling automatic march of ours took us
through the corridors of the Icarus, from one level to an-
other, then to a port that swung open and gave access to

the ground. We were marshalled out, driven like sheep.

  They halted us five hundred yards or so away from the
ship, fortunately as it turned out on a grassy patch A
number of the plant men appeared, more than I thought
there were. Something about the sight of them puzzled
me. The thought proved too elusive for me to grasp in
my then condition, though in a vague way I felt it had
something to do with my seeing double. Which, of course,
I was not.

  They came to where we had been halted by their col-
leagues. Again I saw the flash of tiny little instruments,
too small for details to be noticeable. Again a wet
spray, somehow different from the one that had revived
me, hit me full in the face. I felt myself sinking, if
such a terra as “feeling” can be applied to a condition that
was simply an absence of all sensation, and of a sudden
in a dim way I became aware that I was lying on my
back on the grass, gazing skywards and unable to move
hand or foot.

  The feeling passed quickly enough, bringing with it a
clarity of mind that was something like a return to my old
self. I found I could twitch a little, move my hands and
feet spasmodically.

  It was about that time I heard the roar of rocket tubes.
But only when I tried to raise myself to see what it was
all about did I realize that the induced paralysis still held
me. Nevertheless the sight was not lost to us.

  The Icarus was rising swiftly through the cloud-laden
ceiling of Neptune, a long metal cigar hurled towards the
zenith by the power of her engines. They could only
have used the rocket tubes the once, for we saw no further
flashes and heard no other sound. Fearful of the friction
of this dense atmosphere, the plant men must have got
the gravity screens to work almost at once.

  Quickly the ship ascended until she was no more than a
slim outline against the gray. Then abruptly she was
through and had vanished from our sight. On her heels,
barely visible beams stabbing downwards, went the poly-
hedron, rising up and up, until she too was swallowed
by the cloud ceiling.

  I groaned, and was surprised to find that suddenly I
had become articulate. I tried to move, and found I
could. In another instant I had risen to my feet All
round me the others were slowly re-discovering their lost
ability. Evidently the anesthetic effects of the drug—
or whatever it was—had been carefully timed to allow
the plant men to get clear of the planet. Once that was
done it did not matter to them how soon we revived.
Everybody was talking at once ...

  “. . . and that’s what’s happened. They fooled us, let
us mend their polyhedron . . . fooled us. We thought
them harmless, and all the time they must have been
watching and learning. But how they did it beats me.”
“Everybody’s here? No one missing? That’s good.
It’s the only good part of it.”

  “May the gods of the airways ...”

  “... but how? We can’t get away. We’re marooned.
What hope is there?”

  “Phil.” A small hand slid into mine. “You’re all
right, dear, not hurt or harmed?”

  I looked down on Paula’s white anxious face.

  “No. I’m untouched. And you?”

  She nestled closer to me. Perhaps she thought that
answer enough for the moment.

  “Grayne.” It was Rifflin at my elbow. “Have you
any idea what happened? You were almost the last, save
for the duty men, to bed last night.”

(<Continued on Page 424)
  REBELS OF THE MOON

By Manley Wade Wellman and Max Jergovic

(Illustration by Paul)

    There was a blinding flash which gave way to billowing clouds. Of the peak and crater
little remained; of the ships and men, nothing at all.
  REBELS OF THE MOON

Based upon the Fifth Prize ($5.00) winning plot of the Interplanetary Plot Contest
won by Max Jergovic, 3022 N St., Omaha, Nebr.

%

WHEREVER light touched the landscape it was soft
gray, wherever shadows fell it was flat, absolute
black. There were no intermediate shades. The
sharp contrasts were no less striking than the gigantic,
angular heights that rose here and there upon the flat,
naked plain. Along the horizon, sharp against the star-
peppered midnight sky, rose a range of lofty peaks.
No sound relieved the oppressive silence. Not a blade
of grass, not a trickle
of water was visible.

Not even a breeze
stirred—there was no
air.

  At zenith overhead
hung a tremendous
globe, flecked brown
and gray, shedding
light upon rock, pin-
nacle and mountain.

It was Mother Earth,
looking down upon
her dead child—for
t h e black-and-gray
landscape was that of
the Moon.

  Yet on the face of
that dead world was
some motion. Out of
the dark skies plunged
an egg-shaped metal
hull, trailing streams
of fire. It was a fast
rocket-ship that braked
to a crawl as it neared
the lunar plain and
then dropped lightly
down.

  In its side a lock-
panel swung open and
emitted a human fig-
ure, clad from head to
foot in space-armor.

Not even the swad-
dling folds of metal-
etrengthened fabric, in-
flated with air and
padded with insulating
material against the
heat and cold of air-
less void, could con-
ceal the vigorous lines
of the spare frame
[inside. Through the
glass front of the hel-
met looked a lean, _

lined face with intent

eyes. Many a criminal of the middle twenty-second
century would recognize Seuraas O’Grady, master scout,
wizard of disguise, expert in a thousand sciences, and ace
of the World League’s secret police.

  O’Grady looked upward at the cone-shaped mountain
under the very flank of which he had landed his craft.
He permitted his face to relax in a smile. Another

MANLEY WADE WELLMAN MAX JERGOVIC*

Who wrote the story.	Who furnished the plot.

 '"PHIS story, based upon the fifth prize winning
 plot of the Interplanetary Plot Contest, por-
 trays some of the temptations and experiences that
 will follow on the first idealistic flights into space.

   All exploration of man has been made with the
 purpose of adventure or opening up new lands to
 the race. But inevitably there has followed the
 era of greed and materialism, o£ exploitation and
 cruelty.

   Yet this story is not simply one of greed and
 cruelty. Imagine a man with an intense desire to
 explore other worlds, and feeling that he is hin-
 dered and restricted by bureaucratic office hold-
 ers. Then present him with an opportunity for
 obtaining great wealth, so that he can be inde-
 pendently free as a scientist. What should he do?
 What would you do? This excellent adventure
 story gives at least one answer.

dwarf all the many successes that marked his record of
twenty years’ service back there on Earth.

  For he had reached the Moon in secret, as the final
move in a series of painstaking observations. It was his
task to find out what was preventing the projected flight
to Venus.

  In 2150 the Moon was still the farthest frontier of the
space-navigators. Little did that dead, inhospitable satel-
lite recommend itself
to explorers and set-
tlers. Yet it offered
one priceless advan-
tage to long-distance
rocket voyages — its
light gravitational
pull, barely a sixth of
that of Earth. A heav-
ily laden ship, such as
might never rise from
a Terrestrial base,
could clear from the
Moon and seek other
planets of the solar
system.

 And so, many
months ago, the World
League’s department of
astronautics had estab-
lished a lunar base and
placed a picked crew
of scientists and mech-
anics there to prepare
for a voyage to Venus,
the cloud-veiled planet
that circles the sun just
twenty-five million
miles inside Earth’9
orbit. Imagination
was beggared at the
thought of such a jour-
ney, and of the adven-
ture at the end of it.
What undreamed trea-
sures, what fascinating
experiences, awaited
t h e interplanetary
pioneers? Doctor Von
Rickopf, latest and
most brilliant of the
German rocket engin-
eers, had been placed
in command on the
Moon. There he was
to supervise manufac-
ture of fuel from the
oxygen and hydrogen
drawn from mineral deposits, to assemble the big space-
ship sent a piece at a time by small rockets, and eventually
to command that ship from one world to another.

   The work, though gigantic in scope, was simple in plan.
It seemed sure of success. Eagerly die officials on Earth
had awaited the day when the voyage would begin. Yet
Venus had come into favorable opposition—and the expedi-

O’Grady triumph was imminent-a triumph that might .Mr. Jergovic has drawn this picture of himself.

355
356

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

tion had not cleared from the Moon. The time passed,
Venus spun away, approached again. Again the ex-
pected take-off was delayed. And now, inside of five
days, a third opposition was due.

  The words of O’Grady’s chief still rang in his ears.
“Von Rickopf has explained that he has had trouble
about making fuel—and, heaven knows, he will need lots
of it. We’ve visited him, and he showed us that there
wasn’t as much as had been planned for, what with the
time and equipment. We haven’t anything on him, but
yet there’s something funny going on out there.

  “So that’s where you come in. You’re as good a space-
wrangler as the service can brag about. We have a little
rocket racer ready for you at a sky-port forty miles from
St. Louis. With luck and good sense, we’ll get you away
without anyone seeing you.”

  The chief’s finger pointed to a spot on the lunar map
before them.

  “There you’ll find the government base, in the crater
of Theophilus. Don’t report there—sneak up on the
place unseen. We’ve spotted little short-shot rocket car-
riers leaving it and crossing the face of the Moon, but
they duck into shadows and our telescopes lose them.
Go and find where they’re going with those carriers,
and why. Don’t try to keep in touch with us by radio—
they may pick us up and locate you. Just flash to us
when you’re on the way back, or in case of danger.”

  And so O’Grady had come to the Moon, lain in hiding
near the broad sunken ring of Theophilus and, bit by bit,
traced the path of the mysterious carriers. For a thou-
sand miles he had chugged unostentatiously along and
now, in the light from his own native planet, he stood at
the very brink of the secret.

  For this tall peak, he had discovered, had within it a
crater of small width but of great and shadowy depth.
Into this he had tracked the carriers. A cautious bit of
scouting was all that remained.

L1 VEN in his space-armor he was of a feathery lightness.
■*-' Nimbly he scrambled up the steep, rocky face of the
cone, jumping from one ledge to another like a goat An
hour’s brisk climbing found him on the lip of the crater,
into which he cautiously peered. All was black and
quiet

  Nobody would be there without a light, he argued.
From a pouch at his belt he took a powerful radium
flash and, extending it downward at arm’s length, turned
it on and swung the brilliant beam to and fro. He saw
no other human being. But he did see that the whole
floor of the crater sent back a metallic gleam.

  Across from him a perpendicular row of cleats formed
a ladder downward. He turned off his flash, trotted
quickly around the edge of the crater for perhaps a fur-
long, and began to let himself down into the darkness.
Descending confidently on the well-fixed cleats, he felt
his metal-shod soles land on rock. He turned away from
the wall and again illuminated the scene with his light.

  The bottom of the rocky tube was filled with cylin-
drical metal drums, set one upon another in great stacks
and pyramids higher than his head. He examined the
nearest ones, found them to be barrel-size and of silvery
lunium, a metal smelted on the Moon and capable of
sustaining great pressure. On each was stamped a brief
formula table, showing what amounts of liquid oxygen or
hydrogen were in the container. That assured him of
what he had already guessed—the place was a secret store
of rocket fuel.

  And, of course, the mystery was explained. The fuel
store at the government base had been scanty because so

much had been carried to this spot. Yet another riddlo
presented itself—why had Von Rickopf done this thing?
What profit did this cache represent?

  He began to move among the stacks, carefully counting
the drums and figuring their contents. At the end of an
hour he was still puzzled. According to computations
of astronomers and mathematicians, the trip to Venus
and back could be made on even less fuel than was here
stored. And there must be nearly as much at Theophilus.

  From all he had heard of Von Rickopf, it didn’t seem
in character. The fellow must be an enthusiast, a fanatic,
almost, else he would not have devoted his life to so dan-
gerous a science as rocket engineering. For such a man,
the chance to fly to Venus would come as Heaven’s own
answer to the prayer of his heart. He would brook no
delay, and surely he would not deliberately thwart plans
for the voyage by this deception.

  This great volume of fuel represented long, hard hours
of labor, showed cunning in the hiding, not to mention
disobedience to orders from the world government. There
must be some excellent reason for such action. What was
it?

  O’Grady shook his head inside his helmet He hated
to admit that he was baffled, but there was hardly time
to indulge his vanity. In five days Venus would be in
opposition, and that was too short a space for him to dis-
cover and defeat whatever treason Von Rickopf might
be planning. The crew at the government base must
number a score at least, and undoubtedly they were in
league with their commander.

  flow could he, a lone officer, overcome them? His best
action would be to hurry home to Earth, make a report,
then lead back a strong enough force to seize the base
and the secret fuel cache and place Von Rickopf and his
fellow-conspirators under arrest. Having made this de-
cision, he flashed his light once more around the crater
to impress the scene indelibly upon his mind. Then he
began to climb up the ladder once more. Yard after
yard he rose, until his gloved hand fell upon the last cleat.

  At that moment a helmeted head rose above the crater’s
rim and the muzzle of an electro-automatic pistol stared
into his face.

  Many another man’s impulse would have been to
shrink back, letting go all holds, and his adventure
would have ended in a smashing fall backward to the
rocks below. O’Grady was trained in a different school.
He clung the tighter to the cleat with his left hand, while
his right dropped toward his own weapon, slung in a
holster at his hip.

  But two more heads rose, one on each side of the first
Two more automatics were levelled at him, and the beam
of a flash picked him out of the blackness. His gun, half
out of the holster, slid back in. He held up his right
hand, showing it empty as an acceptance of momentary
defeat.

  One of the three men beckoned him to climb on out
He obeyed. In a few moments he was disarmed and
searched. Then the same man motioned him to begin the
descent to the plain, on which he now perceived such a
rocket carrier as he had previously trailed, set beside his
own ship. In front of this were grouped four or five
other figures.

  Quickly O’Grady and his captors found their way to
the base of the peak and walked toward the carrier. A
lock-panel was flung open and the officer was nudged
into it. The others followed and shut the panel behind
him.

  Now helmets began to come off. Two of the party
bared O’Grady’s head. He found himself facing a man
of late middle age, with sparse gray locks combed back-
REBELS OF THE MOON

357

ward from a high narrow forehead and slanting, tufted
brows. The brilliant eyes were patently the windows of
a high type of intellect, while the great hooked nose, hard-
set mouth and anvil-pointed chin with its spike of beard
bespoke the man of energy and action. Too often had
O’Grady seen that face in pictures or upon television
screens not to recognize Dr. Von Rickopf.

  “You didn’t expect us, eh?” queried the German in
accented English, his lips curving in a sardonic grin.
“That crater wasn’t entirely unguarded, my friend. There
are radio eyes and ears in it, and they picked you up the
moment you flashed your light downward. If you had
been really dangerous, there was a radio-controlled gun
concealed in the center of the floor that could have sent
you to kingdom come. But we can’t remain here. I
think I had better take you to Theophilus with us.”

  Helmets went on again and O’Grady with his captors
was taken to the rocket that had been set beside his own.
During the journey O’Grady did not attempt to look out
or to speak. His eyes and his thoughts were busy, search-
ing for the way out of his difficulty.

  He blamed himself for carelessness in being caught,
putting his person in danger and doing the League a
slovenly service. But how to escape, and when? There
9eemed little to do at present except wait and watch for
the break that might come—must come.

  The journey to Theophilus took not more than twenty
minutes, and at the end of it the rocket settled down. Im-
mediately the members of Von Rickopf’s crew replaced
their helmets and emerged. O’Grady spied his captured
rocket-racer, landed before the other ship, with two men
guarding it.

  The view of Theophilus was excellent. All around
stretched a flat, circular plain, bathed in soft light from
the full Earth above. The horizons were limited at some
miles in each direction by a majestic circular ridge, rising
steeply skyward and terminating in a saw-toothed series
of peaks thousands of feet above the level. In the middle
of this circular formation rose a single pinnacle, like the
central cone of tin in an old-fashioned cake-pan. All
these high places were distant from where the two ships
had been set down, but the cloudless, airless void made
every far-off feature as clear and sharp as though it were
but a few feet away.

  Close by O’Grady could see two works of human hands.
One of these was the long-distance rocket-ship which had
been assembled for the voyage to Venus—a fish-shaped
craft as large as the Zeppelins of two centuries ago, stand-
ing on its broad tail with its nose toward the black sky.
By far the greater volume of this huge vehicle must be
filled with fuel and supplies, he knew, with only cramped
quarters for the operators.

  The other object was a low, rectangular structure of
lunium, three feet high, a dozen yards square, and flat at
the top. This, one of his guards indicated, was the upper
part of the party’s living quarters. At one edge steps
were cut into the rock alongside. Down these Von Rick-
opf led the way, then through a panel into an air-lock and
thence into a lighted hall.

             CHAPTER II
             Moon Riches

E threw off his helmet and the others did likewise.
“We are very comfortable here,” said he to O’Grady,
still in a mockingly courteous tone. “Our little home
stretches out below through tunnels and caves for three
levels down. Plenty of room for living, for recreation,
for work.”

  He motioned for the two guards to conduct the prisoner
through a side-door. As they obeyed, O’Grady heard the
others walk away.

  The guards began to divest themselves of their cumber-
some space-suits. One of them stood forth revealed as a
boyish fellow with a frank, likeable smile.

  “I am Lothar Manvel, the radio operator,” he said to
O’Grady. “In this room, as you see, I do much of my
work.”

  The detective saw radio machinery and parts in every
corner, and on the walls were half a dozen television
screens of various sizes.

  “This is the best equipment of the sort that has been
manufactured on Earth,” went on the young man with all
the enthusiasm of a specialist. “See, how clear is our
reception.”

  He twiddled some dials on a nearby cabinet. The largest
screen broke into light, music filled the room, and O’Grady
saw a group of dancers performing.

  “That is in Sydney, Australia,” Manvel told him. “Do
you like the little brunette in the center?”

  He also showed O’Grady the smaller screen in which
Von Rickopf himself had discovered that there was a visitor
to the secret crater where the fuel was cached. The other
guard relaxed his stern look of vigilance and joined in
Manvel’s evident attempt to put the captive at his ease.

  But the conversation was cut short when a buzzer
sounded and a small round screen was illuminated, show-
ing the face of Von Rickopf.

  “Bring Mr. O’Grady to my office at once,” said the doc-
tor’s voice. “Perhaps the time has come for him to re-
ceive the explanation that is surely due him—from me
and from Lieutenant Guechemich, an old friend he’ll recog-
nize.”

  The guards conducted O’Grady into the hall again, took
him down a flight of stairs, and pushed a button to let a
panel slide back.

  Two bearded faces looked up—Dr. Von Rickopf’s with
its pointed cbin-tuft and Lieutenant Guechemich’s with its
black, shaggy bush. The two were sitting at a table, on
which stood decanters and glasses. Without rising, the
doctor beckoned O’Grady to enter.

  “Come in, come in!” he said, as heartily as though he
greeted a welcome guest. “You others, you may retire.”

  The guards did so, and the door closed behind O’Grady.

  “Perhaps you are tired, my friend,” went on Von
Rickopf. “Drink a glass of wine with us, it will refresh
you.”

  He filled three glasses and held one up for the prisoner.
O’Grady crossed to him, took it, then set it down and
picked up the one that stood in front of Guechemich.

  “I’ve heard that there’s luck in a changed cup,” he said.

  Guechemich growled profanely and his florid face turned
purple. Not so Von Rickopf, who laughed loudly and
slapped his knee.

  “Do you think I’d get rid of you by such an amateurish
means as poison?” he said. “No, no, comrade. I’m not
going to get rid of you at all. Far from it!”

  O’Grady looked his mystification. Von Rickopf mo-
tioned him into a third chair at the table.

  “Guechemich has been telling me about you,” he con-
tinued. “You’re an interesting and capable fellow, it
would seem.”

  “Perhaps the lieutenant is prejudiced,” offered O’Grady.

  “Perhaps. It seems that once he expected to trade on
a certain superficial resemblance he bears to you—with
his beard shaved off. You found out about it and fore-
stalled him.”

  “I did,” said the officer. “I spoiled his show, but I
hadn’t enough evidence to send him to prison.”
358

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  Guechemich scowled fiercely. Again Von Rickopf
laughed.

  “Such a face to pull, Lieutenant! Is that the way for
us to make friends with Mr. O’Grady?” He spoke to the
prisoner again. “Your record and your accomplishments
interest me greatly, and I have an offer to make. But,
first, you must be wondering what is going on here in
our little community.”

  “I came nearly two hundred and fifty thousand miles
to find out”

  “And find out you shall. Mr. O’Grady, have you any
conception of why the government wants to establish col-
onies on Venus?”

  The detective nodded. “It’s a planet the size of Earth,
with water, soil, atmosphere—”

  “Enough, enough. It is a second Earth, in fact, nicht
toahr? And it is a second Earth which is as yet in a
primitive state, with all resources untouched and unex-
ploited. Astronomers have found that out. Well, the
denizens of our own overcrowded world want to go across
space and capture that dazzling prize.”

  “Yes,” prompted O’Grady.

  “But are you as thick-headed as the others? Don’t you
see that, obsessed with the idea of making an expensive
and dangerous flight to Venus, they are passing up untold
riches within much closer reach? Look, I’ll give you
an example.”

  He took a small leather case from his breast pocket and,
opening it, spilled onto the table an object the size and
shape of a pigeon’s egg. “Look at that,” he said shortly.

  O’Grady picked the thing up. It was a crystal of some
kind, soapy to the feel and dull on the surface. He
weighed it carefully in his hand, then held it up to the
light. Within it white fires seemed to bum.

  “It looks like a diamond, and a big one,” he said at last.
“Yes, it is a diamond,” agreed Von Rickopf. “And
not only is it a big one—it is a very good one.”

  “It must be worth a fortune,” went on O’Grady. “Why
have you brought it here from Earth?”

  “But I didn’t bring it here. 1 found il on the Moon!”

IN spite of himself, O’Grady betrayed his astonishment.
Von Rickopf leaned quickly forward and took the gem
from him. For the first time, a sardonic mask seemed to
fall from the German doctor’s face. O’Grady saw his lips
tremble, his eyes burn, his face grow pallid as if under
stress of great emotion.

  “And it’s only one of hundreds—thousands!” he cried.
“We in this little colony are the first to find them. There
are volcanic caverns throughout this entire area, each of
them with as many diamonds as the Kimberly mines!
Such wealth would bring power, luxury, never before
enjoyed by any one man—”

  Guechemich looked sharply at his superior. The latter
seemed to recover himself.

  “That is, never before enjoyed by any small group, such
as made up of our twenty,” he amended. “Well, O’Grady,
now you see why we must pause in our aspirations toward
worlds across the void. We cannot scorn the chance to
pick these things up.”

  O’Grady shook his head. “You’re a government agent,
and as such you found the diamonds,” he said. “If you’d try
to sell them for your private profit, you’d get into trouble.”
Von Rickopf shook his head. “That’s why we’re aban-
doning the trip. We expect to manage a little accident
five days from now, on May 4, the date of our flight ta
Venus. The ship will explode. We can prove that it was
unavoidable.”

  “You realize, of course,” said O’Grady, “that the build-

ing of that ship represents the work of years, the spending
of tremendous sums of money.”

  “We realize it. And its destruction will disappoint the
fools back on Earth. It will be years—decades, perhaps
—before they will bother to try again. The Moon will
be deserted.

  “But we, having laid aside our commissions, will return
as private individuals. Then we will be entitled to what-
ever finds we make. The diamonds will belong to us.
You see this was all planned when I interested the World
League in the Venus flight.

  “How, you were going to ask, can I stoop to this crime?
I’ll tell you. At first I was eager to accept my commission
to make a trip to Venus. It meant progress, freedom, I
thought. But I reckoned without their high mightinesses in
easy chairs at the astronautics department offices.” Von
Rickopf’s face darkened and his voice grew hard. “In
ease and luxury they demanded that we do this, plan thus
and think so. It was maddening, my friend, maddening!

  “I had found the diamonds on a private expedition to
the moon. Had circumstanccs been more bearable, I
would never have thought of them again. But I realized
that, if I took them, I could free myself from all stupid
restrictions, and have wealth into the bargain—enough,
perhaps, to finance my own experiments with rockets.
And so, when I returned to the Moon as a government
man, I was ready. The men of this crew are of my own
choosing—I managed to get permission to select them my-
self. They are all good mechanics and specialists, for
otherwise they would not have been approved for the as-
signment, but they are also all in sympathy with my plan
and ready to take shares.

  “As to the diamond market being glutted, we have fore-
seen that also. That is why we have stored a secret supply
of fuel. It will be used in sending flights of rockets from
here to a hidden spot in the Brazilian forests, loaded with
our diamonds. There we shall produce the stones, as if
mined in the wilderness. We can make hundreds of mil-
lions before our real source is discovered!”

  O’Grady sipped wine. His agile mind was busy ration-
alizing all that he had heard.

  “And you’ve told me this. Why?” he asked.

  Von Rickopf patted his shoulder paternally. “Have you
not guessed? I want you with us. You are a man of
mental force, with a wide range of knowledge and capabili-
ties. You shall be an administrator with us, in charge
of the Brazilian base.”

  Wise plan, thought O’Grady; that station would be too
far from civilized country to permit an exposure of the
diamond conspiracy. “And I’ll be killed, of course, if I
refuse. What would my department do when I did not
show up within the next few days?”

  Von Rickopf gesticulated toward a television broad-
casting apparatus at one end of the apartment
“I plan to have you speak over that,” he said. “It is
the only sending set in our possession powerful enough
to reach Earth. You will call your chief, tell him that
all is well but that your rocket needs repairs. You are
remaining here as my guest until the day of departure.
That will quiet him.”

  “I could hardly do it if I died,” reminded O’Grady.
“True. But Lieutenant Guechemich could. Once he
was ready to impersonate you. He can still do so, with
a close shave, a bleaching of the hair and eyebrows, a
dusting of powder over his healthy rose complexion.”
“It would be a pleasure,” added Guechemich, who had
hitherto contributed to the discussion only by inarticulate
growls at O’Grady.

  The detective drew a long breath. He had never been
afraid to die, but he was in deadly fear of defeat. Be-
REBELS OF

sides, he had placed himself in debt to the service when
he had stumbled into captivity. By simply and uselessly
dying, he could not discharge his obligation. Better to
seem to yield and watch for a chance to turn the tables.

  “You leave me no choice, gentlemen,” he smiled. “I’m
with you.”

  “Splendid!” Von Rickopfs lean hand shot out to
grasp his. “You are a distinct ornament to the cause you
have joined, Lieutenant O’Grady—for I, as senior officer
upon the Moon, commission you lieutenant, junior only
to me and to Guechemich.”

  He rose and raised his wine-glass.

  “Fill up, both of you!” he cried. “Here is a toast: to
Venus—star of love to the ancients, star of delusion to
modern bigwigs, star of power to us!”

  The bottoms of the glasses rose toward the ceiling.
As he tilted his head back to drink, O’Grady caught a
venomous glint in Guechemich’s eye. Evidently his old
enemy would rather seen him refuse to join, thereby tak-
ing the consequences.

VON RICKOPF sent at once for Manvel, the radio en-
gineer. The youngster entered and, at the doctor’s
orders, began to tune in on Earth. There passed some
minutes of dialing, focussing and amplifying, until the
screen showed a carpeted office. Seated behind a desk
within it was Holmes, O’Grady’s superior. Von Rickopf
stepped to O’Grady’s side and passed his arm affection-
ately around the detective’s shoulders.

  “Hello, chief,” said O’Grady. “Can you hear me?”
“Yes, I hear and see you,” replied the image on the
screen. “What do you report?”

  “Everything all right, sir. The trouble has been that
the materials for the rocket fuel have been too hard to
gather. Dr. Von Rickopf will tell you more.”

  “I have only to say that delays are over,” said Von
Rickopf in his turn. “We have enough fuel to leave for
.Venus when she is in proper conjunction on May 4.”

  “Very good,” said the voice of the officer from the
screen. “You can come in at once, O’Grady.”

  “I’m sorry, but I can’t. You see, my rocket got bunged
up a bit. The mechanics here are putting it back into
shape. I ought to be able to take off at about the same
time as the ship for Venus.”

  “Very good. I’ll expect you in a week. Is that all?”
  ‘That’s all, sir. Good-bye.”

  Manvel dialed the screen blank. Yon Rickopf
grinned broadly into O’Grady face.

  “Now you’re one of us. Manvel, this is Lieutenant
O’Grady, who is to take charge of the station we have
planned in Brazil. Let him meet the other men and show
him our little home.”

  The two saluted and departed. O’Grady noticed that
his companion had a ready pistol in his holster, and that
nothing had been said about giving him back his own
weapon. He wondered if he could overpower Manvel,
disarm him and run. But he decided against such an at-
tempt at present. For one thing, he wanted to be sure
that the avenue of escape would lead back to Earth; for
another he rather liked young Manvel on first acquaintance.

  “I suppose you, as radio operator, keep in close touch
with Earth?” he suggested.

  “Oh, yes, but only with Dr. Von Rickopf at hand,” re-
plied Manvel. “As he told you, our only sending set with
enough power to reach Earth is the one in his quarters.”

THE MOON	359

  “Isn’t there a sending set in the space-ship?” asked
O’Grady.

  “Yes, but the power to run it is generated by the ship’s
engines, and the doctor and Lieutenant Guechemich are
the only rocket experts in the party.”

  Once more O’Grady mentally complimented Von Rickopf
on his sagacity. By his arrangement he was sure that no
message would reach Earth except those broadcast in his
presence and under his censorship. However, there was
yet another sending set, the one in his own craft. If they
would overlook that, and he got a chance at it....

  Manvel showed him the laboratories where the fuel was
manufactured, the sleeping quarters of the men, and the
airlocks through which mining parties went into the vac-
uums of dark caverns after minerals for raw material.
He kept closa. to O’Grady, and nearly always there were
two or more others of Von Rickopf’s crew at hand. Each
of these, upon being introduced, was respectful but wary.
Probably the news of the terms under which O’Grady had
joined their force had gone before him.

  “I’ve met fourteen of your friends now,” the detective
said at length. “With you, Dr. Von Rickopf and Gueche-
mich, that makes seventeen. Yet I understand there are
twenty in all.”

  “Twenty-one, now that you’re here,” agreed Manvel.
“I’ll introduce you to the other three later. Just now let’s
get into space-suits and go look at the big ship.”

  Willingly O’Grady consented and they went back to the
radio room, where they had left their padded suits and
metal helmets. Manvel transferred his pistol and hol-
ster to the outside of his armor before leaving. The two
of them emerged into the gray light of outside emptiness.
During the hours that had passed since O’Grady had dis-
covered the hidden fuel, full Earth had fallen somewhat
from zenith. Otherwise the same silent vista of Theo-
philus hung around them like a weird cyclorama.

  O’Grady gestured his comrade toward his grounded
rocket racer and himself led the way to it. As he had
already suspected, it had been dismantled, the air evicted
from its interior, Von Rickopf was taking no chances.
He poked his head into the tiny cabin, barely large
enough for him to sit comfortably within it. With sink-
ing heart he perceived that his radio instruments had been
carried away. He was completely cut off from Earth.

  “You can’t beat the Deutsch," punned O’Grady all to
himself inside his helmet. “I wonder when the luck of
the Irish will begin to operate.”

  He turned from his disabled craft and followed Man-
vel toward the big ship that represented his government’s
hopes for a voyage to Venus. Again he was struck by
the magnificent grace of the vehicle’s lines. Would he
be powerless to prevent its destruction? He felt more
helpless than ever.

  In a minute they stood, looking up along the smooth
metal sides as men raise their eyes to the heights of a
sky-scraper. Manvel opened a small panel which was set
flush into the hull and ushered O’Grady inside. When
they had passed through the airlock he touched a button,
flashed on lights, then began to take off his helmet.

  O’Grady did likewise, and soon their heads were free
to breathe the air contained in the ship. They stood in
a shaft that reached upward toward the nose to a height of
about thirty feet, with a metal ladder riveted against one
wall. The radio operator pointed to a manhole shoulder-
high in front of them.

  “That leads into the quarters for the crew,” he said.
“All above there is made up of tanks for the storage of
fuel. I suppose you’re familiar with their arrangement.
Come, I’ll show you this apartment.”
360	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

CHAPTER HI
Rebellion!

O’GRADY thrust his head through the manhole. Be-
yond he saw what appeared to be a low, spacious
room that had been tipped over on one side. He was
looking through a hole in the floor, that now became a
wall with various articles of furniture and pieces of ap-
paratus fastened securely to it. The ceiling made another
wall, seven feet ahead of his nose. Craning his head up-
ward he could see light fixtures and a series of hammocks
slung one above the other along that ceiling.

  “As you see, the use of these quarters depends upon the
ship’s being in motion,” pointed out Manvel, looking in
over O’Grady’s shoulder. “In space, she will spin on an
axis, and the centrifugal force will supply a sort of sham
gravity that will hold persons and objects to the outer
walls. Those hammocks will dangle from the ceiling, and
they will seem to be above instead of ahead. Get the
idea?”

  “Perfectly,” said O’Grady. He was looking down now
at the controls. With the ship under way they would be
at the rear of the compartment, just as the radio, now some
thirty feet overhead, would be at the front. He could
manage the ship, he was sure. Yet, without fuel, a crew
of stokers and a radio observer, he might just as well be
ignorant.

  “That set yonder will communicate with Earth,” said
Manvel. “Not only at this distance, but at twice or thrice
as far—perhaps even farther. My one regret is that, in
abandoning the voyage and exploding this ship, Von Rick-
opf will destroy that magnificent instrument.”

  “I feel as you do,” responded O’Grady. “I’m sorry
that Von Rickopfs plan must be carried through.”

  “I was hoping to hear you say that,” said the youngster;
enigmatically.

  O’Grady pulled his head out of the manhole. Manvel
followed suit but did not open the door at once.

  “As you remarked before we came outside, there are
three men left for you to meet,” he said in a low voice.
“I left them until the last for a certain reason. Their
names are Stitt, Grob and Minshall. When you meet
them, remember that they are your friends.”

  “Friends?” repeated O’Grady sharply. “What do you
mean?”

  For answer Manvel smiled broadly. Then he lifted his
hand to his forehead and the fingers were twined into the
secret identification salute of the World League’s secret
police.

Both of O’Grady’s hands shot out to grasp Manvel’s.

  “Buddy, you’re doubly welcome!” he cried excitedly.
“Who are you, and what’s your rating?”

  “I’m just a special deputy,” responded the other. “One
of the punk kids who takes a reserve rating for the thrill
of it, and for the hope that it may work into a regular job.
And Manvel’s my right name. I joined on with Von Rick-
opf in the best of faith, thinking I would get a chance to
do wonders with my other and greatest hobby—radio.
The rest of the crew he picked more carefully; I suppose
he thought that since I was a growing boy, I would be easy
to win over. Of course, he didn’t know about my com-
mission.”

  “And you say there are three more we can count on?”
said 0’Grady.“That makes five of us.”

  “Against sixteen. Pretty long odds.”

  “I’ve seen longer,” the detective said. “Well, now I
feel as if there’s a Chinaman’s chance of coming out on
the credit side of the ledger. How about these three
others?”

  “They’re just ordinary spacc-hands, a little afraid of
Von Rickopf, I imagine. It took me loads of work to find
them out. None of them know anything about space-fly-
ing except how to stoke the rocket tubes. Neither do I.
I can’t run anything except a radio.”

  “I can,” O’Grady told him. “At least, I can wrangle
along when I have a chart to show my course. Let’s go
meet your friends.”

  The man and the boy once more set their helmets in
place and, quitting the ship, started back to the under-
ground camp. O’Grady's heart beat high.

  Never in his life had he asked more than a fighting
chance, whether the battle was fair or foul, and now he
was getting it. And he was glad to find that Von Rick-
opf’s judgment, which he had grown to respect so highly,
had betrayed a flaw. The doctor had signed on this brave,
intelligent lad together with his group of unscrupulous
fortune-hunters. That little error in his plan would prove
his undoing. He, O’Grady, would see to it.

  The three space-hands, Stitt, Grob and Minshall, were
plainly enough just the ordinary men that Manvel had
said they were. Yet, with their help, O’Grady might sail
that big ship back to Earth. It would leave the Moon
easily and, at the other end, he could brake it down with
all rockets going full blast and so land without completely
smashing the hull.

  He was recalled from these meditations by the sound
of a gong. The cook had prepared a meal. Back at St.
Louis it must be well into the evening, and he had not
eaten since early morning had reached that city. The
men of the crew began to file into a room where a long
table was set for them, but Von Rickopf appeared just
then and drew O’Grady away.

  “You shall have a place at the table in my apartment,
with Lieutenant Guechemich and myself,” he said. “I
would caution you against too much fraternization with
the crew. It does not make for good discipline, and our
discipline must be of the very best.”

  The meal consisted of fresh meat, vegetables, bread and
preserved fruits; and Von Rickopf, who carved, heaped
O’Grady’s plate high. Yet the detective ate of no dish
until he saw his companions first taste it The conversa-
tion was mainly between Von Rickopf and O’Grady, for
Guechemich was still short of speech with his old enemy.

  The orderly carried away the last of the dishes and
brought cups of steaming coffee. Von Rickopf produced
a bottle of brandy and O’Grady mixed a thimbleful into
his fragrant black brew, but Von Rickopf and Guechemich
poured out stiff drinks and drank them neat

  “You’ve seen only a sample of our findings, O’Grady,”
said the doctor suddenly. “Here, look at these.”

HE lifted the lid of a locker and drew out a weighty
sack made of soft, dark leather. He had to use both
hands to hoist it up to the level of the table. Opening its
mouth, he poured its contents clattering out in front of
the detective.

  For a moment it was as if a blinding flash of white flame
filled the room. The table was covered with diamonds—
diamonds for the most part roughly cut and polished.
The light that fell from a cluster of bulbs overhead fell
upon them, was caught and flung back, seemingly in-
creased a hundredfold.

  “Guechemich and I have cut these by hand, for sport,”
he heard Von Rickopf say, and the accented speech seemed
to come from a great distance. He was swallowed in a
fascinated contemplation of that blazing heap of wealth.

  Was it real? His hands crept forward, picked up two
fistfuls of the stones. No illusion there; they were hard
and heavy in his grip. What was unfamiliar was their
REBELS OF THE MOON

361

tremendous size. Such gems could not exist, he told
himself, were never heard of except in the Arabian Nights
and kindred fantastic legends. But the testimony of his
eyes to these riches, unlhinkably real and precious, could
not be denied.

  “Here is the prize of the group,” said Von Rickopf
again. His hand came into O’Grady’s line of vision,
blurred as if seen through a veil, yet the gigantic jewel
it held was shockingly vivid. It was as large as a baseball
and as brilliant and white as ice in the sun.

  “It is larger, far larger, than the Cullinan was before
cutting,” came the doctor’s voice. “Its value cannot be
computed.”

  That was the truth, O’Grady knew. But into his rapt
consciousness stole a new thought. It was as if an inner
voice, quiet but authoritative, bade him be wary. This
display was deliberate—he was being tempted in order that
his forced allegiance be made binding.

  A revulsion swept over the detective, and he all but flung
the diamonds from his two hands. Controlling himself,
he laid them gently back on the table. He turned his pale
face upward. Von Rickopf and Guechemich were watch-
ing him intently.

  He permitted his lips to twitch and his voice to shake
as he said softly, ‘They’re more beautiful than anything
on Earth.”

  Guechemich instantly began to sweep the diamonds back
into the bag. Von Rickopf smiled ingratiatingly, and
clapped O’Grady on the shoulder in his favorite gesture
of good-will.

  “And more valuable than anything on Earth, my friend,”
he said. ‘Think what your share will amount to when
all is settled!”

  O’Grady smiled back, but put the thought from his
mind. He was not used to being swayed as he had been
in the past few minutes.

  His glance wandered to a paper-littered desk against
the wall. Upon it was an open book. Rising as if in idle
fashion, he crossed to it and picked it up. It was bound
in blue, like a government publication.

  Guechemich rose also and started quickly toward him,
but Von Rickopf halted the bearded lieutenant with a wave
of his hand.

  “Why shouldn’t O’Grady see it?” he queried. “Surely
he’s heard of it—the plan of the voyage to Venus.”

  Still with the idlest of motions, the detective leafed
through the book. There were mathematical formulae, in-
tricate diagrams, the computations of a whole generation
of Earth’s chief authorities on astronautics. To a trained
space-engineer it was comprehensible, to a novice it would
be an unknown language. Without it no one could hope
to make the interplanetary flight with success and safety.

  “This is a little too intricate for me,” he lied. Then
he Bet the book down and turned toward the door as if
to make his departure.

  But Von Rickopf held up a protesting finger and shook
his head.

  “My dear O’Grady,” he said, “we have plenty of liquor
here. Since this voyage to Venus will never take place,
there is much we will not be able to use. Surely we
could be forgiven if we relaxed, let us say—for the next
few hours?”

  But O’Grady demurred. He drank a farewell glass of
brandy with the two Germans and withdrew. As he
closed the door, they were toasting each other in fresh
glasses.

  In the hall he met young Manvel.

  “You’re to bunk in the radio shop with me,” said the
latter. ‘That’s good luck, for we’ll be alone to make
whatever plans we can. There’s another cot already set

up. Come along, and tell me if you’ve thought of a
way out.”

  “There’s a way out, all right,” O’Grady assured him.
“It looks like a pretty narrow way, but I think it’ll stay
open. I’ll tell you more when we’re alone.”

  Inside the radio shop they sat on the edge of Manvel’s
cot and talked in low tones for some time. At the end
of their conversation, the young radioman enthusiasti-
cally wrung O’Grady’s hand. In his youthful imagina-
tion the project suggested by his comrade was already
successful.

  Then Manvel turned in, and dropped off at once into
quiet sleep; but the detective, older and less sure of life’s
compensations, lay awake for hours, mentally reviewing
and elaborating the features of the desperate chance he
meant to take. With labor and luck he might avoid death
and dishonor and at the same time bring Von Rickopf’s
well-laid plan of rebellion to the grief he felt it deserved.

CO closed the first of the five days which must elapse
^before Von Rickopf turned into ashes all hopes of an
interplanetary passage. During the three days following
O’Grady said little but observed and did much.

  He visited the space-ship again, this time with Von
Rickopf as companion. He observed at more leisure the
equipment of the living quarters. He looked at weapons
in the small arsenal, fingered the controls with a show of
absent-mindedness, and dipped into a book that he found
in a drawer of a desk.

  “Do you want to read that? Take it back with you,”
suggested Von Rickopf.

  “I’d better not,” said O’Grady. ‘To tell the truth,
we’d be better off carrying things to this ship instead of
away from it.”

  “Why? What do you mean?”

  “As the time for our supposed flight comes near, there
must be a hundred telescopes trained on us,” explained
O’Grady. “All the newscasting agencies, for instance, will
be watchful. So will the government and university ob-
servatories in all parts of Earth, and also a number of
amateurs. With the aid of the photo-cell equipment, they
can see us very plainly. They might be wondering why
we aren’t loading supplies.”

  Von Rickopf considered a moment, then nodded his head.

  “You’re right, O’Grady. And I’ll give you the job.”

  The detective chose a detail of men and began bringing
crates, kegs and cans from the underground storehouse of
the base. For hours they worked, hoisting these things in-
to the luggage-hold, which was placed forward of—or,
with the ship in its present upright position, above—the
living quarters. Soon he had enough food there to supply
a crew of twenty for three times the forty days which ex-
perts said would pass while the ship made the journey to
Venus.

  This job completed, he set Stitt, Grob and Minshall to
keep a stealthy watch on the ship. Then he slipped out
to his own dismantled rocket racer and from a locker that
Von Rickopf’s men had overlooked drew a black leather
case. It held something he seldom travelled without,
something that had been of use many times. It was stout-
ly made and fastened with a combination lock of more
complex make than one would expect to find on such a
piece of luggage. This case he smuggled into the radio
room where he bunked with Manvel and hid it under his
cot.

  In the meantime Von Rickopf was superintending the
task of laying a metal pipe from the fuel warehouse to
the ship. Parallel with it ran an insulated wire, the end
of which was fastened to a small fuse, inside the lowest
362	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

storage tank of the ship. The far end of the wire con-
nected with an electric switch in Von Rickopf’s apartment.

  “That is what will wash our aspirant to space-travel
away,” the doctor said to O’Grady.

  On May 3 pumps began to force the fuel, liquefied
hydrogen and oxygen under tremendous pressure, into the
ship’s storage tanks. For more than twenty hours this
continued until all receptacles were filled. As May 4
was dawning in St. Louis, Von Rickopf sent two men to
guard the interior of the ship until the time set for the
explosion.

  But, as they entered the hull, they found themselves
confronted by levelled guns in the hands of three of their
supposed comrades. Grob, Stitt and Minshall put them
through the manhole into the living compartment, from
which all weapons had previously been taken. Back in
the underground camp, Von Rickopf was at the television,
sending back to Earth the assurance that the voyage would
soon be under way. O’Grady seized an opportunity to
talk to Manvel.

  “Can you get everybody away from Von Rickopf’s apart-
ment?” he asked.

  Manvel nodded. “Yes, I’m ready. I’ve pried a leak
in a far corner, and air is rushing away into space faster
than our machinery can make it. Everyone will rush to
fix it when I give the alarm. It will take some minutes,
anyway. How long will you need?”

  “Long enough to take one blue-bound book from .Von
Rickopf’s desk.”

  “You’re still determined, then?”

  “Yes,” said O’Grady. “We’re going to Venus. We are
five, and we have two prisoners—seven men will be enough
to keep the ship going. We could shoot on back to Earth,
but we’d surely crack up, what with our added weight
of fuel. In any case, we couldn’t rise from Earth’s sur-
face again. I was sent here to keep the project from being
delayed any longer. I’m going to do my work.”

  “And I’ll help you!” cried Manvel in boyish enthusiasm.
He walked quickly away, and in a moment O’Grady could
hear his voice, sharp with simulated terror, calling for
Von Rickopf.

  At once the doctor answered. Then came a series of
sharp orders, and men ran past from all the passages and
compartments. O’Grady heard them working noisily
somewhere, and then walked briskly away to Von Rick-
opf’s quarters.

  The door was not locked. He entered and found the
room unoccupied. The book he sought was not in sight,
but he found it in the first desk drawer he opened.

  The feel of it in his hands gave him a sense of power
and victory. It represented so much effort, so many
dreams, such a volume of brain sweat. He would steer
the ship for Venus, yes; but these others, some of them
dead for many years, would have an important share in
that work and would surely be entitled to part of what-
ever glory came as a result.

  But the door opened again. Looking up, lie saw
Guechemich, his face knotted in a scowl, his jaw thrust
forward aggressively under its thatch of black beard.
The lieutenant closed the door behind him.

  “What’s happening, O’Grady?” he challenged. “Put
that book down. What do you think you’re going to
do?”

  O’Grady laid the book carefully on the desk from
which he had taken it
“I know what I’m going to do, Guechemich,” he said.
“I’m going to kill you!”

  At the same moment he bounded forward and grap-
pled with the other.

CHAPTER IV

Deception and Flight

AT first grip, the two combatants found that they were
of nearly even strength. Each was well-muscled and
in splendid condition, each was a skilful boxer and wrest-
ler. Guechemich had learned his skill in the gymnasium
of a German university, O’Grady had acquired his as a
part of his police training. The detective had a momen-
tary advantage with his underhold, but Guechemich ex-
erted all his strength and pulled away.

  The bearded lieutenant did not try to run. He liked
nothing better than the prospect of settling his old grudge
with his assailant. He ducked the swinging smash O’Grady
launched at his head, retaliated with a stiff right and left
to the stomach and closed. Hugging O’Grady closely,
he hooked his leg back of the detective’s knee and threw
his weight forward. Down they went with a heavy thud,
but in falling the detective twisted so that, as they landed,
he was to one side instead of underneath.

  Guechemich tried for a punishing strangling hold but
O’Grady, elbowing him in the face, avoided the grip and
rose to his feet. The other struggled upward, to be met
with a straight right in the face before he was well on his
feet. As he staggered off balance, O’Grady’s left chopped
him under the ear and dropped him to his hands and
knees.

  Dazed but not out of the fight, Guechemich lunged for-
ward and tackled his enemy around the knees. Again the
two of them crashed down, rolled over and over. Gueche-
mich’s thumb nail sought O’Grady’s eye, missed it by a
hair’s breadth and tore open the eyebrow above. Blood
spurted from the wound, half blinding the officer, who
cupped one hand between Guechemich’s hairy jaw and
shoved him violently away while with the other hand he
wiped his eyes.

  They rose once more to their feet, and for a split second
regarded one another warily. A third person would have
been astounded in the resemblance between their creased
brows, their flashing eyes, their dilated nostrils. Gueche-
mich’s bared teeth gleamed through the bristling black
beard that covered the rest of his face, and O’Grady’s
cheeks were flushed almost as deeply as his florid adver-
sary’s.

  It was Guechemich who took the offensive, springing
forward with both hands whipping in toward O’Grady’s
mid-section. The latter clinched as a pugilist clinches,
grasping the German’s biceps in his hands and forcing
them backward to render the blows powerless. Then,
with all his strength he flung the other to his left, at the
same time letting go with his right hand, knotting it into
a fist and striking heavily at the angle of the jaw. Gueche-
mich’s head sagged backward on his neck and he flung
up his crossed arms to ward off other blows while he re-
covered himself.

  Perhaps O’Grady might have ended the fight then and
there had not his eyes been filled with blood again. He
had to stop and wipe them, and once more Guechemich
escaped. This time, however, the lieutenant was not so
anxious to renew the conflict. O’Grady had absorbed
all the punishment he had been able to give, and, in turn,
had twice staggered him almost to the verge of defeat. He
looked swiftly around for some weapon.

  Near at hand was a desk. In the top drawer, he knew,
Von Rickopf kept a loaded automatic. Even as O’Grady
came charging in, Guechemich dodged away from him and
ran toward the place where the gun was. He jerked open
the drawer, grabbed the pisjol. Whirling, he jammed its
REBELS OF

muzzle against the body of the oncoming O’Grady and
pressed the trigger.

  There was no explosion. The safety catch had been
turned on. He pushed it aside with his thumb, but
O’Grady had already caught the gunbarrel with one hand
and the wrist beyond it with the other. A report sounded,
and a bullet smacked into the ceiling. With a quick
heave, O’Grady had Guechemich off his feet and threw him
to the floor, landing on top of him. Another report rang
almost in 0’Grady\ear. Guechemich subsided. ■

  The gun came away in the detective’s hand. Quickly
he rose, threatening his enemy with the captured weapon;
but Guechemich did not move. The second bullet, turned
against its sender in the grapple, had pierced his heart.

  The door opened. O’Grady faced it quickly, and put
down the gun when he saw Manvel.

  “You’ve killed him!” exclaimed the boy. “What will
you do now?”

  “Plenty,” answered O’Grady briefly. First he picked
up the blue-bound book and handed it to Manvel. Then
he stooped and caught Guechemich’s body in his arms.

  “Von Rickopf will be back at any moment, looking for
him,” warned Manvel.

  “I’ll see that he doesn’t worry,” said O’Grady. Carry-
ing his burden, he hurried out into the hall and up the
stairs toward the radio room, Manvel close at his heels.

  Laying the body on his own cot, he tilted the face up-
ward so that it was plainly visible in the light.

  “Move that table over here,” he called to Manvel.
Reaching under the cot, he dragged out the black case he
had retrieved from his rocket racer. As the young radio-
man pushed the table to him, he unlocked the case and
set it before him. Inside its opened lid was a mirror.
The body of the case was divided into compartments,
which contained various articles of theatrical makeup.

  “Would you dare?” gasped Manvel, divining O’Grady’s
plan.

  “Of course I'd dare,” said O’Grady. “I’ve had lots of
more difficult disguises to work up. Once he tried to trade
on our resemblance to each other. Now I’ll do the same.”

  Already he had opened several jars of stain and was
working a little from each into a mixture that had a dark
flesh tint, much the shade of Guechemich’s complexion.
Quickly and skilfully he began to rub it into his face.

  “See this jar of black dye?” he went on to Manvel.
‘Take the little brush and color my hair. Be sure you do
a smooth job.”

  He had now stained his face to his own satisfaction and
was rummaging in other compartments. He chose a wad
of crepe hair and some liquid gum, with which he began
to simulate a beard. After many comparisons between
Guechemich’s face and his own reflection in the mirror,
he remodeled the whole fabric with fingers and shears un-
til it was a passable imitation.

  Manvel had finished with O’Grady’s hair, and the de-
tective took over the dye and brush to make his eyebrows
blacker and thicker. He was as ready now as he could
hope to be.

  Rising, he shoved the makeup case away again, and
pulled the covers of his cot over Guechemich, tucking them
well over the lifeless head. Finally he donned his space-
suit, all but the helmet, and put the gun he had taken from
his enemy into a holster at his side.

  “Do I look all right?” he asked Manvel. The other
nodded, and O’Grady opened the door. Just outside was
Von Rickopf, with a half a dozen of the crew behind him.

   The detective’s heart stood still, but apparently the dis-
guise was adequate. The doctor addressed him in Ger-
man.

“Where’s the Yankee. He wasn’t with us at the leak”

THE MOON	363

   O’Grady understood, but he could not trust himself to
answer. He pointed silently through the door to the silent
figure under the blankets.

  “Asleep, eh? Well, let him stay there. Close the
door.”

  O’Grady did so. Von Rickopf continued. “The tanks
are filled, the wires are in place. All we have to do is
complete the circuit. As soon as I can get into my space-
suit, you and I shall go for a final inspection before we
order the guards away from the ship.”

  “Ja wohl,” O’Grady made bold to answer. The doctor
turned and walked away with his following. O’Grady
tapped softly at the door and Manvel appeared.

  “Get into your space-armor, quickly, and go to the
ship,” he told the boy. ‘Take the book with you. When
I come, it’ll be time to take off.”

   Before he went in quest of Von Rickopf, he put on liis
helmet. Not only did it help to mask his artificial beard
and stained face, but it would forestall any more conver-
sations in German. So attired, he followed Von Rickopf.

   Von Rickopf was getting into his space-suit. O’Grady
pretended to help him but, hoping to give Manvel a head
start, in reality delayed the dressing as much as possible.
At last the doctor was fully armored and together they
emerged into the open.

   They were alone in the airless crater of Theophilus.
O’Grady was confident that nobody watched. Silently he
walked by Von Rickopf’s side, nerving himself to the final
item of his program. Suddenly the other stooped to touch
the electric wire that ran from the space-ship to the living
quarters underground. He was off balance, and O’Grady
went into action.

   With a single buffet he sent Von Rickopf spinning and
sprawling for yards across the surface of the lightly gravi-
tated Moon. Then he reached down, caught up the wire
and wrapped a loop of it around each hand. With all his
strength he yanked at it. The insulation burst, then the
copper wire itself. Carrying the loose end that led to the
ship, he ran for the doorway that opened into the hull.

   Von Rickopf had risen to one knee behind him and was
drawing a pistol. Twice he fired. Something nicked a
hole in the shoulder of O’Grady’s space-suit and he felt
the air whip away from his gasping lungs, but he was al-
ready hammering on the panel. It slid open and Manvel
jerked him inside. With the radioman were Stitt, Grob
and Minshall.

   Opening the lower door that led to the controls, O’Grady
hurried through.The two prisoners looked up at him from
where they squatted. Fumbling with his heavily-gloved
fingers, he struck the starting mechanism on the board.

   A tremor seemed to shoot through every atom of the ship
and O’Grady fell flat as it soared upward. He rose to see
Manvel, who had crawled in after him, going toward the
radio apparatus. He realized that it was now located,
not upward, but forward.* The apparent position of the
compartment had changed, so that the floor was underfoot,
the ceiling overhead, as they should be. The craft, now
spinning rapidly, had instituted the mock gravity of cen-
trifugal force as its designers had planned.

   O’Grady seated himself at the control board and, throw-
ing off his helmet and gloves, ripped away the false beard
that had stood him in such good stead. Then he opened
the blue-bound book that contained the computations for
the voyage he was undertaking. He struck a series of keys
to hold the ship to its temporary course, then walked for-
ward to the radio.

   “Get into the stokehold, you two,” he ordered the prison-
ers. “You’re members of my crew now. Minshall, take
charge of them.”

(Continued on Page 381)
THE WOMAN FROM SPACE

By Richard Vaughan

(Illustration by Paul)

      The darkness ahead flamed into a leaping inferno. They plunged the disintegrating ray
 into the bowels of the dead world, boring a passage through its once molten heart.

364
THE WOMAN FROM SPACE

  a drama
  more inti-

 AYEAR of thanksgiving had been ordained for the
 respited world. For two generations, mankind
 had faced an approaching, and seemingly inevi-
 table, destruction. Now, a short ten years after doom
 itself had brushed the Earth with its
 fiery fingers, and been turned aside,
 humanity, having mended the worst
 of the scars was celebrating its re-
 newed lease of life.

    In his living quarters on the low-
 est floor of the great observatory
 just erected on the table-land of
 Thibet; Dirk Sarrazin listened to
 the anthems of thanksgiving spec-
 ially composed for this year of re-
 joicing. They ran as a theme
 through all the festivities and were
 broadcast from the great urban cen-
 ters to the farthest inhabited con-
 fines of the globe. His mind re-
 viewed slowly, for the thousandth
 time, the unforgettable drama of
 the last fifteen years .
 whose pages he knew
 mately than most.

   Sarrazin’s grand-
 father had been the
 first astronomer on
 Earth to signal the
 approach of the distant
 runaway 9un that was
 later to be known to
 the man in the street
 as the “Death.” Be-
 fore he died, he had
 charted its course
 through the heavens
 and warned the scien-
 tists of the world of
 its ultimate collision
 with our own solar
 system and the conse'
 quent destruction of
 the solar worlds.

   Man had long fore-
 seen this possible form
 of destruction for the
 Earth. Nevertheless,
 the information slow-
 ly and reluctantly
 given to his leaders,
 and after an interval,
 to all, of the fiery
 doom bearing relent-
 lessly on them from
 the forgotten spaces of
 the skies, roused at
 first nothing but in-
 credulity among the
 masses. Years passed
 before any but the

 scientific minds of the world paid it any heed.

    It was Sarrazin’s father who had persuaded humanity at
 last of the terrible truth of its approaching end. By then
 strange electrical phenomena, Beismic convulsions, world-

 sun

 shaking storms and magnetic displays, had begun to pre-
 pare the lay mind for the facts. The invading sun blazed
 like a flaring torch out of the evening skies and our own
 responding to its call, was reaching out toward
 scorched Mercury with long ten-
 tacles of flame.

                         Dirk had been born into a world
                       frantically striving to hold to life
                       as long as it might, yet hopelessly
                       aware of its inevitable and immi-
                       nent end. By then, the surface of
                       the Earth had grown unbearably hot
                       under the increasing activities of the
                       new sun, and the great, all-power-
                       ful World Government, shortly be-
                       fore Dirk’s birth, had set all man-
                       kind to burrowing like moles into
                       the parched surface of the planet.

                         The power of disciplined human-
                       ity was so great that, in a brief
                       time, the whole Earth had become
                       an underground city where man
                       fled in search of a few more years
                       of life. Only at its poles did a few
                       devoted astronomers still brave the
                       torrid heat, their tele-

RICHARD VAUGHAN

 TN the past few months, statements from com-

   petent astronomers indicate that beyond dis-
 tant Pluto there may be other planets of the solar
 system. Indeed, if we can believe the more op-
 timistic of the astronomers, the limits of the solar
 system may extend into space far beyond our pre-
 sent imagining.

   How the sun could have obtained such satel-
 lites, whose distance from the mother might reach
 ten billion miles, is not known. And the planets
 because of their distance will be but faint “stars”
 seen in our telescopes. These two facts combined
 present the unknown planets in our minds as
 sources of mystery, wonder and endless specula-
 tion.

   They may be inhabited if there is some source
 of heat upon the worlds; their inhabitants, like
 us, may be gazing into space surveying their sister
 worlds and wondering if they too have on their
 surfaces what is known as life. Through some
 cataclysm of nature we might even be brought in-
 to communication with these beings. Then there
 would open a series of interplanetary adventures
 such as our author has pictured here so well.

365

  scopes turned on the
  enormous, growing
  disc of the “Death.”

    Dirk Sarrazin had
  grown into boyhood
  and young manhood,
  through an existence
  alternating between
  sueh an outpost and
  its underground base.
  He had seen Mercury
  disappear into the
  great, fiery arms of the
  maddened sun, while
  distant Pluto warmed
  itself in an unremem-
  bered tide of flame
  poured forth from our
  parent orb. .At barely
  twenty, with all his
  generation, he had
  counted on the fingers
  . of his two hands the
  years still remaining
  for him to live.

    Sucking at his pipe,
  as his radiophone filled
  his small room with
  the musio culled from
  ten capital cities in
  turn, he recalled the
  first day that his father
  had asked him t o
  check over calculations
  he had made regarding

 the Death. It was as though the old man dared not
 any stranger to share with him a new, tremulous hope,
 and suffer with him the reaction that would come if It
 should prove unfounded.
366	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  After that, and for months, they had scarcely left the
almost unendurable observatory, save when their driven
bodies gave out under the torrid heat. Dirk remem-
bered how the flaming disc of Death had seemed almost
imprinted on his eyes after those frantic days spent in
questioning it. At last, their proofs could no longer be
open to doubt and their news was given to the hopeless
world.

  The Death had turned aside; through what mysterious
agency of spacs none knew. Now, day by day, it was
hurtling farther away from our own sun; away into the
immensities of the star-pricked void. Earth, released, had
only some ten more years to wait before climatic condi-
tions on its surface became once more endurable to its
progeny. During that time, nature underwent all the
terrific convulsions of readjustment. Earthquakes con-
tinued to rend and appall shivering humanity. Floods
and tornadoes of devastating fury swept over the seamed
and torn surface of the respited globe as the oceans, half
vaporized into clouds, returned to earth.

"DUT mankind, having faced dissolution for a genera-
tion, met these lesser cataclysms steadfastly, though
even their underground cities paid them a terrible toll.

  After ten years of waiting, great sections of the globe
were deemed habitable once more, and humanity sprang
eagerly to its task. The fauna and flora that had sur-
vived destruction at the polar regions and in some favored
localities of the temperate zones, were transported to care-
fully replanted and scientifically protected districts. All
the resources of a world-wide and united civilization were
flung into the endeavor to recreate in a decade what had
been destroyed by the breath of the approaching Death.

  It was now ten years and four months since mankind
had abandoned definitely its underground cities and re-
established itself on earth. It was a shrunken remnant
of a flourishing race, yet one that was stronger in spirit,
more daring of mind and more united in a consciousness
of world-wide brotherhood than before it had faced the
Death. Its surface cities had been repossessed and science
had suddenly flared into a productive brilliancy such as
the world had never before known. In ten years, man
had achieved more than in any previous century of human
toil, and Sarrazin’s gigantic observatory ... set on the
highest table-land of the peopled world . . . was one of
the latest illustrations of humanity’s renewed dominance
of the Earth.

  Sarrazin smiled and sighed as he puffed at his pipe.
He had been born into a world fraught with such vast
emotions, such experiences of life and death as to make
the more usual hazards of existence, on a planet that was
once again growing tame under man’s hands, seem flavor-
less and small.

  All the influences set about him since childhood had
keyed his mind to respond to greater demands than were
now made of it. . . unconsciously he felt the waste of his
reserve powers in a world that was growing meek and
well bridled by the might of man.

_ Six years before his father had died, wasted by his
vigils in the torrid, observation post, having lived barely
a hundred and two years of the hundred and fifty allotted
to man. Dirk, who had followed in his father’s footsteps,
had succeeded him as one of the foremost scientific minds
of the present era and the idol of the common people.
For they had not yet forgotten those who had first told
them of their salvation from the Death.

  Yet Dirk was never happier than at this lonely post in
remote Thibet, where his need for solitary reflection and

communion with the mysterious immensities of the skies
could be almost satisfied.

   Looking at the. hour indicator of his watch, he set aside
his pipe and rose to waft himself to the topmost floor of
the observatory by means of the electrical lift* The
weather indicator on the reverse of the small, platinum
pocket-piece foretold cloudy skies within two days, and
he felt the urge to investigate again something he had not
yet satisfactorily explained to himself in the behavior of
the two farthest planets of the solar system, Pluto and
Neptune. He could conceive of but one logical explana-
tion to their slight, orbital vagaries. Such variations
from their orbits as he had observed could have had no
possible interpretation other than the one he pondered
in the past, before the passage of the Death. Now it was
hard to establish what disorders of the solar system were
or were not attributable to this wandering star. The
figures and calculations on which most of the world’s
astronomical knowledge had reposed, were becoming al-
most useless. Sarrazin and men like him often felt that
they were like sailors navigating an uncharted sea.

  As he entered the topmost room of the incredible tower
that human hands had erected on the Thibetan plains, a
man turned from a great viso-phone installed in the wall
and said:

  “I was just going to call you, Dirk; Song-Pu-Tsenpa
has a communication he has just received from a small
chieftain in his locality, which he considers worth your
attention. Will you take it while I get back to my job?”

  He was an elderly, world famous, Chinese astronomer;
a colleague of Sarrazin’s father, and Dirk’s companion
at the Thibetan observatory. Song-Pu-Tsenpa of whom
he spoke was a neighboring Thibetan nobleman ... a
graduate of the same (underground) seat of learning as
Dirk himself, and a man greatly liked by both scientists.
Walking to the viso-phone, the younger man turned the
switch that lit the vision panel and smiled cordially at the
stout Mongolian whose face appeared on the screen. They
exchanged a few salutations, then the nobleman said that
a small chieftain from the Himalaya foothills had ridden
in a short while before to report that a strange aircraft
had suddenly appeared above his village and still floated
there without movement, and that it seemed manned by
strange, blue beings unlike anything known on Earth. His
people were in a panic and begged their overlord’s pro-
tection.

(6 A S the description of the craft answers to nothing
we know and is far too detailed to be a figment of
the fellow’s brains, I thought that you might find the mat-
ter worth a little investigation, my dear Sarrazin,” he
said. “The man’s village lies much nearer the Observa-
tory than it does to my own house ... it is a bare ten
minutes, no more, by rocket plane. A look at this
strange craft might be worth your while.”

  Dirk’s face lit with interest. “It is just what I need
to rest my mind of figures and facts that won’t fit each
other, Song. I will get there by moon rise at the latest.”

  The old Celestial looked at him over his shoulder as
he turned off the viso-phone. “Song-Pu-Tsenpa gave me
a description of his man’s impression of the craft. It
must be a new discovery. Out here we are not always in
touch with the latest departures of mechanical science.
Tsenpa says it appears to be an eight-sided cylinder of a
new, green metal and with no visible evidence of gyro-
wings or rocket containers of any kind. I will check over
our latest calculations concerning Neptune while you are

•Electricity wns etlll used (or ordinary household contrivances,
though radio beams and controlled llght-waves now activated
most of the energy of the planet
THE WOMAN

gone. Be sure to dress warmly for the night will be
chilly and none of us are seasoned yet to the cold.”
Sarrazin laughed. “How our forbears would have
laughed at hearing us speak of eight degrees Farenheit
as great cold. Do you know, Lo-Wu, I have an idea that
the Death may have brought the world a new lease of
life. We were heading, I have read in the books of the
previous century, toward a new glacial age which is now
postponed for many thousands of years. The sun has re-
newed its vitality and is probably as active as it was mil-
lions of years ago, when the world was young.

  “The mean temperature of our day is what our for-
bears would have considered tropical heat, yet the noxious
insects and reptile life which plagued our warmer climes
in the past have been practically swept from the surface
of the Earth, with most of our undesirable and therefore
unpreserved fauna. Add to that the renewed fertility
of our arable soil, due to the electrical cataclysms, the
floods and consequent silting down of new earth, the vast
fires that have swept our globe and the increased strength
and abundance of the violet rays in our sunlight, and we
can fairly feel that the Death has not dealt so badly with
us after all.”

  The older man turned back to the sights of his immense
telescope and frowned thoughtfully at the vision it pre-
sented him of blazing worlds set like pin pricks in the
blackness of space. “I would not be surprised if it had
left us something even more concrete as a reminder of its
passage,” he said. “I am growing, even as you are,
more and more convinced that there is a planet out there
that was never there before. Our sun may conceivably
have stolen it from the outer fringes of the other star’s
planetary system ... a thing not impossible according
to speculations of the past. The only thing to shake my
belief in its existence is the fact that, search as we might,
we have never so far managed to locate it, despite the
power of our telescopes.”

  ‘Think of the years it took to locate Neptune, not to
speak of Pluto . . . though, it is true, that was some three
hundred years ago when their astronomical instruments
were comparatively weak. But I had better hurry if I
am to return in time to get my sleep.”

  The pleasant breath of night lay over the Thibetan
plateau, once dessicated and bare, but now returning to
the luxuriant fertility of its prehistoric days. It was in
such, once barren, places that mankind was rebuilding
its world, since the great belt of the tropics was still al-
most inhabitable. At the small village of Drachetsang
no lights showed, the people having retired to their housc3
and barred their windows and doors in their fear of the
strange craft that floated above their dwellings.

  From the crest of a neighboring hill, where his small
gyro-plane awaited him, Sarrazin could make out the
dark bulk of the aerial vessel hanging motionless against
the starry sky. Turning the beams of the powerful, pocket
searchlight he carried, on it, he caught an astonished
breath. A great, green craft, in shape like a swollen cigar,
reflected his light from a many faceted surface. It hung
like a balloon, without motion.

  As the searchlight played across it, a brilliant pencil of
green radiance shot forth from the nearest end of the
strange craft and swept, as though in answer, across the
place where Sarrazin stood.

             CHAPTER II
From Out of Space
"P\IRK stepped back into the plane and set his hands on
the controls. One of his men handed him a modern
heat gun, despite his protests.

FROM SPACE	367

  “One never knows, master,” he said. “True, there has
been no war in the world since Man can remember; but
there have been bandits, else why were such weapons in-
vented? That is a strange ship up there, and safety is al-
ways a good investment.”

  Sarrazin laughed and accepted the deadly weapon be-
fore ascending. A slight touch on two corresponding dial
knobs, and he was lifted almost silently in the air. At
twenty feet above the earth, the edge of the Moon became
visible as she slipped over the horizon . . .

  Dirk wondered when mankind would have made her a
part of his domain. Now, although travel through the
world’s stratosphere had long been feasible, and much
used for swift transportation, no satisfactory means of pro-
pelling and fueling a ship through die void had yet been
found. Rockets answered the purpose in a stratosphere,
but it had been found impossible to regulate their pro-
pelling or braking powers in space. Ship after ship had
crashed against the airless surface of the Moon, or become
a doomed satellite of that dead world, before the approach
of the Death had turned Man’s thoughts away from the
conquest of the interplanetary spaces.

  A few seconds’ flight brought Sarrazin to the great, green
bulk of the poised aircraft. The Moon’s cold light gave
it a weird and ghostly sheen as it hung motionless and
voiceless, five hundred feet above the earth. He hovered
close to it a moment, then circled it slowly, before any sign
of life became visible on board. The lofty, sleeping Him-
alayas whitely stabbing the night sky on his left, seemed
no more aloof or withdrawn ... the Moon above no more
luminously colder. Dirk stared at the strange mass of green
metal curiously. Suddenly a sound like the tearing of silk
broke the voiceless hush of the moonlit heights. A large
panel had opened opposite his plane, and a smooth, rail-
less platform slid silently out from the flank of the ship,
almost beneath his plane. From within a figure came
forth and signed to him to land on it.

  Sarrazin stared at it across twenty feet or so of in-
tervening air. Fully visible, in a pale, cold radiance that
came from within the great cylinder, it was no being of
his world that faced him. It was apparently of a shape
similar to that of an earthly being and was completely
covered by a transparent, glassy envelope or suit, as
supple as gauze. Through it a pair of enormous and
brilliant eyes looked at him curiously. Its skin, where
visible, was the loveliest, luminous blue that Dirk had
ever seen, its features human in outline, yet strangely
alien, as though the spirit behind them were of another
essence and tempered in unknown fires.

  Although standing a foot or so taller than his own
goodly height, it seemed almost to float with an effect of
airy grace instantly noticeable and arresting as though it
was impervious to the influences of gravity. Yet a sense
of power and authority dominated all its effects. Dirk
stared at it for a full minute, then with a short laugh he
switched on the radiophone of his plane and gave the
signal for the Observatory’s station. Lo-Wu’s voioe an-
swered him immediately.

  “What is it Dirk?”

  “I think we have some extra-terrestrial visitors among
us, Wu,” Sarrazin said with another laugh. “I wouldn’t
be surprised if they were a scouting party from that new
planet we were speaking of . . . this may be nonsense, but
you and I know it is not outside the bounds of possibili-
ties . . . and I vow that the being I am looking at now
was conceived of nowhere on our old Earth. I’m going
aboard to investigate, by invitation. It seems friendly,
but in case anything happens here’s their description to
date.”

  He gave a rapid detail of what he had noted concerning
368

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

the strange craft and the solitary being he saw on it. Then
he maneuvered his little boat so as to land it on the nar-
row, waiting platform. Those of his generation had be-
come almost immune to fear, even of the unnatural.
Alighting from the gyro-plane, he took a good look at the
creature before him and his eyes sharpened in a purely
esthetic admiration.

  The delicate, luminous coloring of the being was in-
describably lovely, and its features were, according to
human standards, almost flawlessly regular.

  Strange and immense eyes of a glowing, silver hue,
heavily fringed with black, swept him with a glance as
interested as his own; and from under a close-fitting cap,
strands of hair resembling nothing so much as fine spun,
black glass or gossamer threads of jet, curled in gleaming
darkness against its delicately azured brow.

  Obedient to gesture, Sarrazin followed it curiously into
the great craft. Passing through two successive air-locks
they came to a spacious central chamber that was lit by a
soft yet cold radiance and furnished with wide benches
and a few strange articles of furniture unknown to Sarra-

7-in,

A GREAT control board ran across all one face of the
room, and numerous lockers and smaller panels stud-
ded with levers and dials and wheels occupied the other
walls. A small table with a luminous top was riveted to
the center of the room and on its surface Sarrazin saw
clearly depicted a view of the village below and a vast
sweep of the surrounding country, now bathed in the
flooding moonlight. A great stellar chart, more complete
than anything known on Earth, covered all the space above
the central control board and drew Dirk’s eager and fas-
cinated gaze.

  The being gestured gracefully to one of the cushioned
divans, and going to one of the lockers in the wall it drew
out two strange, helmet-like contrivances, joined together
by a fine, threadlike wire. Slipping one over its head it
handed the other to Sarrazin, who imitated its example.
There was a slight click and a strange, numbed feeling at
the base of his brain, then a voice seemed to be speaking
within his head.

  “I come in friendliness,” it said. “Give me please the
atmospheric pressure of your planet and the chemical
formula of its atmosphere?”

  Sarrazin thought both answers quickly and the being
nodded. Lifting off the helmet it disencumbered itself
rapidly of the transparent envelope it wore and sniffed
the air aronnd it with a slight grimace, before assuming
once more the thought-conducting apparatus.

  “My instruments for ascertaining such things for myself
were unluckily damaged when my ship hit your atmos-
phere,” it said, or thought. “They will take me some time
to repair. I am Leila of the planet Arion ... a new-
comer to your system . . . and I notice with surprise that
life here seems to have developed along lines not dis-
similar to ours— doubtless because your atmosphere and
gravity differ very little from our own. What is the name
you give this planet?”

  Sarrazin laughed to himself quietly as his mind an-
swered: “This is Earth. You are lucky, in a way, to have
met first with a scientist like myself, to whom the existence
of a new planet in our system and the possibility of space
travel are things not wholly unbelievable. Where is your
world? You have said it was a newcomer. Was it a
satellite of the sun that passed so close to us twenty year*
ago?”

  The being Leila smiled with its strange eyes, though its
mouth remained grave as carved marble.

  “Lo, being of Earth,” it answered. “Arion when it
saved itself from a fiery death, those many years ago, saved
also your world and its sister planets from a like fate.
My mind feels in yours an equal, doubtless your civiliza-
tion is an old one ... even as ours ... so what I may have
to say may be understandable to you. Did the star gazers
of your peoples, a life time or so ago ... or earlier ... I
do not know the life span of your world, realize the doom
that was advancing on them in the shape of the sun from
the outer edges of our galaxy, to which Arion once be-
longed?

   “In our world, the fate that would destroy all the planets
of two solar systems in one flaming holocaust, had been
foreseen for more than two hundred of your revolutions
around your sun. Our scientists had worked frantically
all this time to find a way of averting what seemed an
inevitable doom.

   “As our years of respite shortened the way was, at last,
found. The ray we threw against our sun to turn it from
its fatal path, was over-strong however, and though it ac-
complished its aim of diverting the sun’s course, so that
it sped away from your system, it also hurled us away
from our parent star and flung us into an orbit that curves
in a vast ellipse around your sun.

  “We are now between your outermost planet, which you
call, I see, Pluto, and that other one your thoughts tell
me is named Neptune. Ours is a cold and unfavored
spot that is denied most of the warmth and light of the
luminary that vivifies you. It has become apparent to us
that we must either create permanently heat and light of
our own, or use our ray to force ourselves closer to the
sun. The latter course is the easiest for us, for we have
greatly perfected that ray since first it thrust us forth to
this new place in the skies.

  “Before resorting to it we wished to ascertain whether
it would cause disaster to any of the planets of our new
system. Therefore, I and six other space fliers of exper-
ience were sent out to explore the neighboring worlds, and
our report will prove the decisive factor in the orientation
of our supreme council’s plans . .

  ‘There must be a great magnanimity of mind on your
planet, for your chiefs or leaders to consider the welfare
of unknown worlds as of equal importance with your own.
Do you not then consider conquest or warfare rightful
weapons in a struggle for survival on your planet?” Sar-
razin asked curiously with a keen glance. The Arionan’s
face grew even graver than before.

  “Earthman,” its thoughts flashed back, “you speak of
emotions that have, alas, not been unknown to us in the dis-
tant past! But not even for its own survival, would Arion
now wage war in any form. Rather would we hurl our-
selves out into the void, in search of a new sun ... a
thing already considered. War has harmed our world
too greatly for us ever to forget its lessons. Tell me, do
you on this pleasant Earth, still wage wars between your-
selves?”

C ARRAZIN answered that Earth had renounced wars be-

  tween nations for two hundred years, though the Earth-
man’s mind was not yet as opposed to the thought of war
as that of the Arionan appeared to be. With a glance at
his timepiece, he remembered the men who awaited him
without, and Lo-Wu, possessing his soul in oriental pa-
tience at the observatory. He was eager to have his old
friend and companion see this stranger from the outer void,
and the marvels of scientific inventions, glimpsed in bis
trained survey of the great, green space-ship’s control
room.

Turning to the luminous, blue being who conversed with
him, he invited it to accompany him to the Observatory,
THE WOMAN fROM SPACE

369

where it could learn more about the things of Earth. The
silver eyes looked at him searchingly, while he could al-
most feel the powerful brain behind them probe his own
mind. Without answering immediately the invitation, it
asked a few questions about earthly methods of communi-
cation, and moved over to a small panel set above a dial
board in the wall. It was, Sarrazin found, a wave broad-
caster equipped with a vision screen not unlike those of
Earth.

   A few minutes spent experimenting with the dials, taught
him how to use it, and Lo-Wu’s worried face appeared
on the screen. Dirk reassured him briefly; jhen flashed
instructions to his men without not to await him. Turn-
ing around, he found the Arionan seated at the great con-
trol board. Resuming the thought transmitter, whose
other half was still on the Arionan’s head, he urgently
repeated his invitation to come as his guest to the obser-
vatory. The other appeared to reflect.

  “Your atmosphere, though slightly unpleasant to the
nostrils, is apparently harmless to my constitution, and
I can feel your friendliness. I have only a short time
to tarry here on your Earth, though I shall undoubtedly
come back for a longer stay once ray mission is dis-
charged ... A planet having a form of life so resem-
bling ours must necessarily attract all the interest of Arion
. . . meanwhile I will accompany you to your home with
pleasure.’1

  As it spoke it bad been manipulating a variety of dials
on the vast control board before it; now Sarrazin felt the
great ship move slightly under him, while a quick glimpse
at the reflector set in the table near him showed him the
moonlit landscape slipping away beneath them at a diz-
zying speed.

  “Your boat has teen brought into the ship by the with-
drawal of the platform without,” Leila said, “and we
will be at your dwelling within three turns of yonder
time measurer.” Over one shoulder it explained briefly:
“I located its emplacement when you spoke to your
friend a few minutes ago ... a simple matter.”

  Dirk sat down and watched the Arionan with extreme in-
terest; everything in die space-ship’s central chamber
excited his utmost curiosity and he promised himself a
complete inspection of each device there on the morrow.
The friendliness of the visitor from space was too obvious
to doubt; it was hard to think of it as other than a human
being, despite its strange and beautiful coloring. After
a minute’s silence it asked: ‘Tell me, are there two sexes
on your planet as on ours?”

  “Why, yes,” Sarrazin answered in some surprise. The
Arionan swung around in its seat

  “And have you many men?”, it asked. Dirk answered
that since the cataclysms, that for twenty years had punc-
tuated the era of the Death’s passage near them, there
were, alas! many more men than women on the depleted
Earth; the weaker sex having succumbed in greater num-
bers to the terrible hardships of those times.

  The silver eyes of the being from Arion flashed wide.
“You yourself are then a man! In our world one sees
none but women. The men are so rare as to be con-
sidered too precious to expose to the hazards of every
day life. How happy your planet must be! With us,
only one woman in a thousand may mate; and even then
she can only keep her husband five years, unless he ex-
pressly refuses to leave her, for which he is considered
unpatriotic.

  “Only one woman in a thousand can be a mother . . .
yet once we were evenly matched of both sexes. That
was before our civilization had evolved to what we call
maturity. Though I have long since emerged from
childhood, I have hardly ever talked to a man before . . .

and there are none on Arion who can talk on equal terms
to a woman as you do. Are all your Earth men such as
you?”

  Sarrazin’s eyes opened as the conception of a domin-
atingly feminine planet, infinitely distant, yet a part of his
own solar world, dawned on his mind for the first time.
The undeniable beauty of the being from space seemed
more natural now that he knew it to be feminine. Al-
though Earth had not lacked for brilliant women in the
last few centuries, he found it hard to believe that the
virile power of the mind he found dealing with his could
normally belong to a woman. That a being who could
navigate alone and undaunted the boundless realms of
space could be, even though of a different race, one of
what on Earth was called the gender sex. He said or
radier thought:

  “I must answer by saying—are all Arionan women
of your type? Here our women are sheltered . . . even
as it appears you shelter your men . .. diey are also phy-
sically weaker than we, and the greater hazards of ad-
venture are reserved for us. I can see that it would be
interesting for an Earthnian to visit Arion, where a situa-
tion so evidently the opposite exists.”

CHAPTER III

An Unusual Invitation

T ELLA turned to him with another smiling glance above
•*-' sculptural, grave lips. “Would you like to brave the
void and return with me, man of Earth, and see for your-
self what Arion is like? It seems to me that there should
be much to make our two planets friends; it is not often
one finds a similar evolution to our own on other worlds.
Our records show no other case, and our interstellar
travels date back a hundred of our revolutions about our
ancient sun, a space of time represented by ten thousand
of your own revolutions about your luminary.

  “My world would welcome a representative of yours,
and would, I think, teach you much that you might ap-
preciate. Despite the equal mind I meet in yours, a mind
so similar to that of an Arionan as to make me wonder
at nature’s remarkable duplication of a species. I sense
from some of your thoughts that your civilization is not
quite the equal of ours, is perhaps younger in evolution.”
Sarrazin said, “I have duties here ... yet you make me
a tempting offer, Leila of Arion. To an astronomer such
a trip would be as a dream realized; it is a thing I must
ponder a while however. Ah! Here we are! You can
land your craft on that level plateau in front of the Ob-
servatory . . . you can see it in this table finder.”

  Leila said, “I see it; I have a smaller view-screen in
front of me ... the table is only for passengers.”

  They sank slowly down to earth and the Arionan woman
said over her black-clad shoulder, (she wore a close fit-
ting, trousered suit) as if in comment on Sarrazin’s earlier
remark ...

  “Women do everything in Arion . . . that is what war
did to us hundreds of years ago ... I will tell you ahout
it later, your world will perhaps learn a lesson from our
dearly paid experience . . . But I may not tarry longer
than is necessary to learn about this planet. Lo! There
is your friend whose face appeared on the screen; is it
also a man?”

  Lightly as a feather, the great space-ship settled on the
ground, and a section of its wall slid back to allow the
platform, still bearing Dirk’s gyro-plane, to touch the
landing field where a wide-eyed but impassive Lo-Wu
awaited them. Amid shrieks of terror the Thibetan ser-
370	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

vants of the Observatory fled as the azure-skinned visitor
from space emerged from the green cylinder.

  Lo-Wu took the thought transmitter from Sarrazin and
plunged into a deep thought conversation with the Arion-
an as soon as they were indoors. The latter looked cur-
iously about her, but refused refreshments of any kind,
saying that the food of Earth might not suit her as well
as its air.

   In the room of the great telescopes she paused to give the
eager Lo-Wu the exact location of Arion on the stellar
maps, as well as other information about the planets she
has passed on her way to Earth. After she had retired
to her green space-ship for rest, Sarrazin and his compan-
ion returned to the top room of the Observatory that was
flooded with the light of the moon, now at its zenith.
They talked late into the night, with glance often turned
to the starry heavens above them. At the end, and after
a long silence, Sarrazin turned to his friend with a
thoughtful brow.

  “Lo-Wu, 1 am minded to accompany this strange wo-
man-being to her distant planet; that is, if you think you
can carry on here without me, and if you approve my
going. Think of all that I should learn of the stellar
spaces on such a trip! I do not know what power actua-
tes her space-vessel, but that it is sufficient to the demands
of interplanetary travel is evident When you see the ship
tomorrow you will agree with me that such a trip, how-
ever unbelievable to unscientific minds, need not be unduly
dangerous. And if 1 should return safely, it would prove
of untold scientific advantage to the Earth. I would prob-
ably be able to bring back with me some of the vast
knowledge and power these Arionan beings seem to pos-
sess . . . Think what a world it must be that produces
feminine creatures such as this Leila!”

  The old celestial nodded. “I will not oppose you, Dirk.
Both for the world and yourself there would be profit in
such an adventure. Here is but routine work compared
with what you might achieve out in interplanetary space;
and there is too small a scope for such a mind as yours.
The people of this new planet are, by all appearances, of
a benevolent mind . . . that they are more advanced in
civilization than we are is evident.

  “You and I are considered two of the best minds on
IJarth; yet this woman from Arion can, if I judge from
my brief exchange of thoughts with her, surpass us in
knowledge and probably in general mental development.
I must ask her to let me study the principle of her thought
transmitter tomorrow , . . it particularly intrigues me.
We have come close to the principle of it once or twice
before here on Earth, I believe ... It is evidently a method
of selecting and intensifying thought vibrations and trans-
mitting them in the form of mental images to another
mind—a very sound idea for a traveler to distant worlds.

  “Well it is something to have concrete proof of what
a few like us have always believed in, that is the feasibility
of space travel. Who knows? If the Death had not given
us something else to think about, we might have achieved
it ourselves by now. But we should get to our beds if we
are to get any sleep before morning.”

"VTEXT day the woman from Arion led them, equipped

   ' with thought transmitters, through all the spacious in-
terior of the great liner of the skies.

   “You are scientists,” she said, “and such things will in-
terest you. Many things are too complex for the thought-
helmets to make clear, but what I can explain to you I
will. Knowledge to your kind is more valuable than
wealth, and as you have received me with a generous
friendliness, I give you what I can of it... In exchange I
will ask you, by and, by, a9 much information concerning

your planet as I can file away for the Council in Arion
awaiting my return. They are in need of all the know-
ledge space fliers can bring them.”

  She showed them how the ship was constructed of shell
after shell of the strange, green, infinitely hard metal,
mined and worked on a satellite of Arion. Each shell
was set inside the other and the spaces between were di-
vided into a multitude of air-locks, operating one and all
from the central control panel of the main room. At
the heart of the cylindrical green mass were six com-
municating chambers, each identical as to outfit with that
one Sarrazin had seen.

  “Each of these compartments are space-ships in their
own right,” she explained. “Each of, them could navi-
gate, if necessary, the distance between here and Arion.
As you see, they all have replica control boards on their
walls. The Muta—that is die name of my ship—could
be sliced into half a dozen pieces, or pierced a dozen
times by meteors and yet survive, partially at least, and
serve to bring its pilot to his port. One woman can run
such a ship ... if she has had the training.

  “There are only a hundred of us however on Arion
who are so qualified ... yet if needed, it can carry a
crew of thirty in comfort. We manufacture our own
atmosphere and could spend years in the void if neces-
sary. Our scientists maintain that a space-ship such as
the Muta is in reality a little planet of its own, entirely
self-sufficient and independent of its mother world.”

  The green metal, they found, could be rendered trans-
parent if necessary from within; though this took a great
expenditure of power and was only indulged in for pur-
poses of astronomical studies, or, Leila added sadly, for
the needs of warfare in the old days. Usually, the device
that reflected the world outside on the crystal top of a
table and on a screen above the control board sufficed for
all steering and maneuvering purposes. The main motive
power of the craft was a modification of the cosmically
powerful ray that had turned the original sun of Arion
from its path of destruction.

  It could be held down to a bare needle line of delicate
force, barely sufficient to move the Muta, or released into
a blast of power capable of hurling the sbip through space
at a 6peed beside which the speed of Earth ships was as a
tortoise’s crawl.

  Leila showed them also a thin tube and explained that
this was an atomic disruptor, a weapon of offense terrible
to think of, and that there were a dozen ray-guns of this
kind set in the sides of the Muta. Each was capable of
dissolving matter as instantaneously as flame melts butter.
The temperature of the vessel, once in the absolute zero of
space, was regulated partly by reflectors that could be
moved to the side of the ship facing the sun, partly by
machinery that continually disrupted and rearranged the
atomic structure of a small amount of fuel. The fuel
could be reemployed almost continually and thereby
feed power to a refrigerating system as well as one for
heating the space-ship to any desired temperature.

  They were shown space-suits that were air-tight and
absolutely insulated against heat or cold, and great con-
tainers of condensed and synthetic food. Water was ob-
tained chemically, for the Muta was outfitted with a chemi-
cal laboratory as well as a repair shop that made it
practically self-sufficient and capable of attending to any
damage it might suffer in space. Vital necessities such
as a gravity repelling force and an atmosphere regulator,
were duplicated in each compartment of the craft

  The transparent, supple envelope she had worn when
Sarrazin first saw her was, Leila told them, an individual
adjuster of gravity and atmospheric pressure as well as
an air-tight suit. It gave more comfort and freedom of
THE WOMAN

movement than the heavier suits for the void. It could
only be worn a limited length of time as the air within it
was not renewable of itself. The strange green metal,
they learned, was capable of being charged with a certain
vibrational current which endowed it with the power of
being a repellent for any small body, such as meteors or
planetoids, and made it capable of automatically retard-
ing the gravitational action even of a planet.

  After they had seen every corner of the mighty ship,
Leila connected her thought-transferrer to a small cylin-
der, fastened against the wall, and asked both Lo-Wu and
Sarrazin to answer her questions concerning Earth in such
detail as they might.

EFFICIENTLY she gathered all the information it was
possible to acquire in so brief a time, on the configura-
tion, history, customs and scientific advancement of Earth,
and transferred it rapidly to the cylinders of her recorder.
There it was preserved for Arion in two manners—by a
plate that repeated vocally the thoughts of the machine,
and by a printed record for filing in the reports of the
planet.

  Dirk told her that they had an invention somewhat simi-
lar on Earth, with the difference that it recorded the spoken
word and had not as yet been perfected to act by the
power of thought vibrations alone. For an hour, she
worked in a silence broken only by her incisive questions.
Then lifting the thought-helmet from her head, she sighed
as though with relief and stretched her arms gracefully,
in a gesture more feminine than anything she had yet done.

  Loosening the tight fitting cap of silver that formed her
head-dress, she let a gleaming mass of short, jet-like black
curls fall down on her shoulders and smiled at them for
the first time with her beautifully cut mouth. Sarrazin
thought suddenly that never had he seen a being more
completely lovely than this creature of blue and black and
silver from an alien planet; nor one whose mind offered
so powerful a challenge to his own. The more advanced
intelligence of the Arionan civilization, as exemplified in
this broad-browed, silver-eyed and graceful flier of the in-
terplanetary spaces, seemed a challenge flung at terrestrial
evolution to which Sarrazin’s brain responded. At the
same time a growing admiration for the Arionan visitor
as a woman was beginning to disturb the equilibrium of
his thoughts.

  Lo-Wu watching him, smiled curiously to himself. The
feminine planet of Arion and the preponderantly mascu-
line Earth might, he thought, find much in common, were
regular communications ever to be established between
them . . . something he was now able to consider a not
too improbable event of the near future. His scientiLo
mind pondered on what Arion had to teach them, and be
thought that the Earth was ripe and ready to learn from
the older experience of the stranger planet.

  Watching Sarrazin’s keen eyes and powerfully modeled
head and the restless intelligence of his every glance, he
thought that there was no man better fitted to represent
the human race on some distant world than his fellow
scientist. Again, with his eyes on the woman from the
satellite of the Death, he smiled subtly to himself.

  Dirk Sarrazin’s departure from Earth was made at dawn
two days later, amid the screams of the mixed Mongolian
and Caucasian attendants of the observatory. Under pal-
ing stars and the glimmer of the first, lemon-colored hint
of day on the lofty white mountains to the west, the Muta
opened the doorway in its flank for its terrestrial passenger.
Lo-Wu and Song-Pu-Tsenpa, who had flown over from his
estates to see the strange space-ship, both gripped Dirk’s
hand warmly though in silence as he made ready to embark

FROM SPACE	371

on the most daring and audacious adventure man had evep
yet conceived.

  In their eyes ho was already more even than Sarrazin,
the individual; he was Earth’s ambassador to the farthest
flung confines of the solar system. None but themselves
knew or were to know it for a period of two years at least.
This had been decided between themselves the evening be-
fore as the wisest course. Should Dirk return safely to
Earth it would be sufficient time then to tell the world that
the barrier of the void had ceased to exist.

  As the first sun rays slipped over the eastern horizon,
Sarrazin stepped on board the waiting ship. Leila’s tall
and imposing figure silhouetted itself for a brief moment
against the open port. Her arm lifted in a grave and cere-
monious gesture of farewell; then the entrance slid silently
into place, and a minute later the great, green cylinder
slowly rose. The solid earth beneath it seemed to crumble
a little as the propulsive ray hit it, and the Muta sped up-
ward, accelerating rapidly till it was lost to sight.

  Till they had left the Earth’s atmosphere, Leila had little
time to give to the Muta’s terrestrial passenger. Seated at
the vast control board, she kept the space-ship at a slow
but steady acceleration till a glance at one of the indica-
tors showed that they had passed beyond the thinnest outer
veils of air. So far Sarrazin had looked down on a spec-
tacle familiar to all of the travelers in the terrestrial
stratosphere ships. Now the last hindrance to the fiery
rays of the sun had been left behind and the black void
blazed with innumerable stars, while the streamers and
corona of their own orb flamed widely and blindingly
against the sky.

  Leila had steered a slantwise course that had edged them
out of the Earthly atmosphere with the minimum use of
their powers of acceleration. They had moved in the same
direction as the rotation of the Earth, and Dirk’s last
glimpse of his planet showed him the last promontory of
France and the sweep of the Atlantic outspread like a
child’s map beneath him.

  Leila had turned on the current that made the Muta’s
metal hull transparent from within. And as she flung the
space-ship into a prodigious acceleration that tore it away
from the attraction of the spinning world below and hurled
it out into space, Dirk had a last glimpse of the Earth re-
ceding behind them like a child’s flung ball. A dust of
meteors reeled and flamed through the blackness around.
Then, in an agony that seemed to rend his very being to
tatters and fling the weight of a molten mountain of lead
against his gasping lungs, he lost consciousness and col-
lapsed at his companion’s feet.

            CHAPTER IV
            Toward Arion!

"W^HEN he came to himself, Leila had evidently fixed

  ” the MiUa in its course, for she had left the control
panel and was bending over him, with a small tube of
pungent smelling liquid in her hand. She had just fin-
ished injecting some of its contents in his wrist and was
now intent on making him breathe its powerful aroma.

  A few whiffs of its penetrating scent seemed to make a
new man of the Terrestrial. He struggled to a sitting posi-
tion and looked around him with the dazed feeling of hav-
ing just escaped from a strange form of death. Later he
learned that the Arionans, bred to space-voyaging for gen-
erations, could stand a much higher acceleration than the
people of Earth. Leila had felt no more than a great dis-
comfort as she tore the Muta away from the clutches of the
Earth. She had been overcome with regrets when she
372	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

realized how near she had come to ending her passenger’s
existence.

  The space-ship was now hurtling through the interplane-
tary void at an incredible speed. Leila told Sarrazin, that
the ship was still slowly accelerating and would only attain
its necessary maximum of speed in another two days.

   Till they had passed the moon, a livid, scarred and pitted
world that flashed by them for a moment only, Dirk left his
pilot to her task. A study of the scientific marvels on the
Muta sufficed to keep him interested, and the wondrous
view of the receding Earth and of the unveiled sun blazing
athwart the skies could, alone, have held him in fascinated
contemplation for hours.

  The transparency that had been given to the hull of the
Muta on their departure, had been switched off, and only
the crystal mirror of the center table and the screen set
above the control board, showed a view of the strange,
black void where they fled with the pulseless speed of the
cosmic rays around them. When the Moon lay like a livid
ghost in their rear, Leila gave Sarrazin his first lesson
as a space pilot, since he insisted on taking his share of
the piloting of the interplanetary flier. His keen brain
mastered almost immediately the complexities of the great
dial-board, and after an hour’s tuition, Leila told him
that she could safely leave the ship to him whenever she
felt the need of a few hours’ sleep. When alone, she said,
she slept only in brief, half-hour snatches and found this
the hardest part of any lone space trip.

  Aside from the necessary time required for their brief
meals and short periods of sleep, and the moments spent
at the controls of the Muta, Dirk gave every moment of
the next few days to his astronomical observations of the
heavens around them. The Muta was equipped with pow-
erful telescopes that brought even the most distant suns of
the galaxy near enough for observations that had never
been considered possible on Earth. He was in an as-
tronomer’s paradise, and his waking hours were all too
short for his observations and notes.

  Leila looked at his fervor with a sympathetic eye. What
he saw for the first time was an old spectacle to her but
it had never ceased to fascinate her. From her exper-
ience of the interstellar abysses, she drew small driblets
of information to aid him in his calculations. Thus, it
was not till dying Mars lay far in their rear that Dirk
found time to tackle the next objective he had set him-
self . . . the learning of the Arionan tongue so as to be
free to dispense with the tiring and limiting thought-
transferrer.

   Once one is attuned to the life of a space-ship, the days
and nights cease to be. Time is not, save for the punc-
tuation set on the marginless pages of existence by the
desire for food and sleep. The human mind must either
sink under the unnatural condition of a limitless day, or
grow and strengthen to meet this foretaste of eternity.
Those minds which could successfully answer this insid-
ious challenge of space felt their capacities increase, their
thoughts become more lucid as extraneous influences
waned and the routine of mere existence occupied less and
less place in the hourless flow of time. Earth was to
learn later of this distinction between brains that were
made for an earth-bound existence alone, and those 'hat
could stand, and even profit by, the terrible demands of
space. Many a tragedy occurred before a means of dis-
tinguishing one type of mind from the other was found.

  In these days spent hurtling through the void, Dirk
Sarrazin found his mental capacities increasing visibly,
as though Earth had cramped them in too narrow a con-
fine. They found here, for the first time, the space neces-
sary for their proper growth. To him, as well as to the
Arionan woman with him, learning each other’s language

was child’s play. But even when they could understand
each other clearly, there was so much of scientific interest
in the various mechanisms of the space-ship to discuss and
elucidate, that it was not till the Muta was speeding to-
ward great Jupiter, with the asteroids far in their rear,
that Dirk remembered to ask his azure-skinned, silver-
eyed companion how it had come about that Arion pos-
sessed so few men.

' I (HE Muta had been set on a course it could follow
for'days without more than a cursory attention from
its pilot. Dirk had grown used, by now, to the sensation
of almost weightlessness that had accompanied the cessa-
tion of their earlier acceleration. This was partly coun-
teracted by the specially magnetized shoes and garments
which they wore, that clung to the metal floors and seats
and gave them stability of movement. Yet a sudden
movement could still send them bouncing upward like
a rubber ball. Leila barely dented the cushions of one
of the benches as she disposed herself more comfortably
upon them and turned her brilliant eyes towards Dirk.

  “It must, 1 now realize, seem a strange situation to
you, my friend Dirk,” she said, “even as it seems ... or
seemed . . . the most bizarre reversals of roles, to find
man occupying on Earth the dominant position we wo-
men of Arion have so long filled. History says that such
a condition once existed on Arion in the distant begin-
nings; but to those of my generation a world full of men
is something almost beyond our comprehension. As I
told you before, on Arion men rarely appear in public.
They represent our rarest and most precious national
treasure.

  “No Arionan man would have been permitted to ven-
ture, as you have done, on a voyage through space, and it
has seemed continually strange to me to see a man daring
the same dangers as a woman and thinking with a mind
equal to hers . . . stranger, indeed, than if you had been
some alien form of life.

  “According to Arionan ideas, you are more like a wo-
man than a man; I can see that you, with your Earthly
conceptions, think I am more like a man than a woman.
Our men are of a timid, slothful disposition; they are
capricious and weak in capacity for endurance or action.
Little is to be expected of them intellectually, though now
and then they have produced a distinguished mind! In
the very distant past, however, they were the rulers of our
world and of a vigorous and inventive breed.

  “History says that they lived for war and were forever
hurling themselves into the carnage of battle; nation
against nation (we were divided in that time into an in-
finity of little countries), and league against league.
With the advent of scientific means of slaughter, the death
toll became devastating, and suffering of such intensity
was brought upon our planet, that the protests, long dis-
regarded, of the women of those times . .. who had little
or no word in the affairs of the states . . . mounted to a
storm.

  Then came a world war, where all the resources of
science were used unmercifully. For years it lasted, till
the boys in school had to be drafted, so that there should
still be soldiers left to carry on the fight . . . and the
slaughter. And when the boys who were still children
were torn from their arms, the women rebelled. They,
too, resorted to arms and marched in overwhelming num-
bers against their own armies.

  “The war ended; but the male population of our world
had been almost wiped out of existence. In the famines
and disasters that ensued and held sway for three genera-
tions, the few male children born to those women who
THE WOMAN FROM SPACE

373

consented to wed were the first to die, as though centur-
ies of warfare had impoverished their vitality.

  “The records show that at the beginning of what we
call the warless era, there were fifty women to every
man; also the women, partly through resentment against
man, partly through pride in their new found dominance,
for the seats of government were by then in feminine
hands, had lost the taste for mating and the desire for
children. Although this was only a partial condition, the
historians believe it prevented polygamy from bringing
a remedy of sorts to the situation.

  “At that time, even the man among fifty women found
it hard to mate; and with his loss of power and prestige,
man seemed to deteriorate rapidly. They lived for pleas-
ure and with a total disregard for their health. They
plotted wars that would put them back in their former
seats of dominance over the other sex . . . they fought
against constituted authority and even among themselves,
and died easily. Two generations later, when the wo-
men’s government awoke to the gravity of the situation,
there was only one man for every two hundred women,
and the population of Arion had already diminished by
over a third from what it had been after the final wars.

  “Now, one woman in a thousand can hope for mar-
riage, and as a man may marry twice or thrice, it means
that there is, on Arion, one man to every two thousand
women. Our population has diminished, of course, at
an alarming rate. It is only one twentieth of what it
used to be; and despite all the laws to promote a high
birth rate formulated by the council, it is only by greatly
lengthening our span of life and by practically eliminating
disease and death among children and men, that we have
been able to avoid total destruction. Indeed, despite the
dislike of the higher classes for the idea, polygamy may
soon be enforced by law as the only means of preserving
our race.”

SARRAZIN listened, with a fascinated interest, to this
vivid exposition of what the curse of war had done to
another and older world than his. As she stopped speak-
ing, he studied Leila’s classic features and luminous col-
oring thoughtfully. So far, a common interest in scienti-
fic matters had almost prevented him from thinking of
her as a woman capable, even as the women of Earth, of
desires and emotions.

  The vague sadness in her voice as she spoke of the fate
that condemned so many of her sisters to a solitary life,
left him a prey to vastly different and disturbing feelings
toward her. This Arionan woman, member of the sov-
ereign sex of her distant planet, his equal in all that
man claimed as his special qualities and his superior in
civilization and knowledge, held and allured his interest
as no woman of Earth had ever done before. She was a
fellow scientist and adventurer ... a mind he considered
with respect, and an ethereally lovely feminine being, all
in one. Considering her, he said gravely, “How are the
few who may marry chosen from among so many?”

  “By lot and only from the most perfect of our race . ..
from those selected a man may choose his wife accord-
ing to his will. The choice is his, but a woman is free
only to refuse if she prefers not to wed.”

  “Have you yourself drawn lots for a husband?” Sar-
razin asked with a slight distaste in his voice. Leila
laughed.

  “A flier cannot wed and tie herself to the planet
Among so many who wish to wed, those who have voca-
tions as detrending as myself would be selfish not to step
aside. Moreover, such mates as our Arionan men make
have never appealed to me.”

  Dirk lit his pipe and smiled relievedly into the smoke.
‘Though your civilization is older far and wiser than
ours, Leila,” he said, “yet I believe you may find us of
use to you ... I think I can help your race solve this
problem you speak of.”

  Jupiter and Satum were far in the rear, and Uranus lay
to their right, a bright marbled sphere, when Leila, calling
on Dirk one day as he sat at the controls, pointed out to
him a greenish disc that their telescope had picked out
from the myriads of lights ahead, and said, “Lol Arion.’’

  Sitting beside him she described to him the Arion of
the days before they had flung themselves away from their
parent sun. They had been its only satellite and had
moved around it in an orbit closely approaching that of
the Earth around its own luminary. Though it was
a drier planet than the Earth, yet Leila spoke dreamily, as
one recalls childhood scenes, of luxuriant vegetation irri-
gated by synthetic streams; of lovely gardens and pleasant
lakes; of snow mountains and perfume laden breezes.

  “It is that we wish to recapture,” she said, “now we live
under roofs of transparent Colute, the material, you know,
of which my gravitation-regulating suit is made; and use
artificial sunlight to warm and illumine our world. Out-
side our transparent roofs, all is a frozen desert of ice and
snow. Forests where I played as a child, are mummied
skeletons of trees; the dwelling where I was born lies clad
in ice . . . therefore, I was the first to volunteer to set
forth on this exploration of the new system we had been
flung into.”

  Her silver eyes misted as she gazed at the first, distant
gleam of her home. In her emotion, Dirk felt her nearer
him than ever before; his hand touched hers by accident,
and suddenly he had both her hands in his and was draw-
ing her close ... nor did she resist.

  “Would you take an Earthman for your mate Leila?”
he asked hoarsely.

  She trembled in his arms and her eyes answered before
her words. Dirk caught her close and for a moment she
was as feminine and clinging as any woman of Earth. She
told him that she had loved him when first she saw him
enter the central room of the Muta. After the weak men
of Arion he had seemed like a demi-god and companion-
ship with him through the endless day of space had shown
her that here was that thing undreamt of on her planet...
a mate who was an equal and a friend.

  “Imagine what you are to me, whose mothers have
known only the inferior men of Arion,” she said, when
Sarrazin told her what she was to him ... all the things a
man looks for in a man and all those he dreams of in a
woman. Arm in arm they bent over the screen that
showed the faint shimmering of Arion against the illimi-
table dark.

  Suddenly, Leila uttered a sharp exclamation and tore
herself away from Dirk’s hold. In a fraction of a sec-
ond, she had turned on the current that rendered the green
metal hull of the ship transparent as glass; they seemed
to float, enclosed in a bubble of air, in the night of space.
To one side the shrunken sun blazed fiercely, hardly lar-
ger than an orange; to the right, Uranus was slipping away
behind them; nothing at fir6t glance seemed to justify
Leila’s sudden and frantic attention to the complicated
control board. Then Sarrazin uttered a sharp cry! Im-
mediately before them a vast patch of sky had been blotted
out!

  The mighty hull of the space flier twisted and strained
as though in the grip of a titanic hurricane. Dirk realized
that it was the repeller current, that had so easily deflected
chance meteors and asteroids on their way, at work against
some mas9 too great to be affected by its power. The
374

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

sensation was not unlike that of the unsuccessful braking
of a racing vessel checked in full speed.

  As they struggled in the grip of a power greater than
theirs, Leila switched on dial after dial in frantic haste.
Without turning she gasped, “We cannot use the propelling
ray to ward us off ... at this speed it would tear us to
pieces. It’s a burnt-out world! It is drawing us to it
at treble our own speed! This is the end!”

  Sarrazin flung one wild look around him and exclaimed:
  “Not yet!”

CHAPTER V

Through the Tunnel!

CPRINGING toward the switchboard of the narrow,
atomic disintegrators set in long ray-tubes at the fore
part of the vessel, and sweeping open the whole row of
them, he called on Leila to swing as much of the propel-
ling ray as she could safely use as a brake against the solid
blackness that seemed to be hurling itself through space
at them.

  Only what was needed to gain them a moment’s time,
he said. As she did what he told her with the instant
obedience of one trained to emergencies, he swung all the
disintegrators he could align on one focal point, combin-
ing their terrific force in one irresistible blast. The dark-
ness ahead flamed into a leaping inferno of yellow, red
and purple lights, and seemed to dissolve into the flames
of that mighty ray. Leila said quietly:

  “It is no use; their range is too narrow to destroy such
a bulk; this is the end Dirk ... but at least we die to-
gether.”

  “Wait! We are not dead yet!”

  With both hands on the dials that controlled the disin-
tegrators, he bent forward tensely. Below them, as the
burnt-out planet seized them and drew them dpwn to her,
loomed a terrible mass of seamed and pitted rock and
metal, toward which they plunged at a speed beyond man’s
conception; drawn toward the dead and sinister ghost of
space by a gravitational pull, that Leila’s senses told her
was beyond anything so far known in nature.

  The terrific acceleration tore at her whole being, and
Dirk seemed to have almost lost consciousness where he
sat. Leila saw his face grow livid and contorted as he
fought for breath against the terrible pressure exerted upon
his lungs. Neither could move; now it was upon them
and she waited, wide-eyed for the crash. A minute passed
and they were still alive . . . engulfed in a solid night. . .
the Stygian darkness of the heart of a world through
which they tunneled! In front of them, the many colored
rays flamed like living things dissolving the age old matter
into dust as they ate a way through to freedom beyond.

  The gravitational pull tore and twisted at the structure
of the ship; but the acceleration had ceased. With a
mighty effort, Leila twisted a knob, and turned on the
gravity repelling power to its fullest strength—a thing
never done before. The struggle between the Mula and
the mass that attracted it immediately became a little easier.

  For what seemed unending years, they plunged their
disintegrating ray into the bowels of the dead world, bor-
ing a passage through its once molten heart, as an awl
bores through soft wood. Suddenly they were free! The
skies flamed with great, golden stars, and ahead of them
the small disc of Arion beckoned them home.

  Leila flung, almost automatically, her mightiest propul-
sion ray back against the foe they fled from. Once again
at an uncomfortably increased acceleration, they tore them-
selves free of its attraction and fled outward into space.

Dirk switched off the disintegrator rays and sat up pain-
fully . . . behind them the tunneled, burnt-out world
seemed to fall away into the void that was its grave,
Leila fixed the Muta in its course once more and turned
shining eyes on the Terrestrial.

  “You saved us both . . . and my life is doubly yours,”
she said with pride. Dirk smiled a trifle shakily, the
effect of the acceleration making him feel as though a
steam roller had slowly crushed almost all the life and
breath out of him. Only an immense effort of will had
kept him from losing consciousness as on his departure
from the Earth.

  “It was our only chance,” he returned. “That space
visitor must have been of no substance known on Earth;
did you ever see such a gravitational pull?”

  “There is nothing like it on Arion either ... it might,
however, be of a substance similar to that which composes
a small satellite of the star you call Sirius. It is no big-
ger than Arion, or your Earth, yet it weighs as much,
or more, than your sun.”

  “Our sun,” Dirk corrected, laughing through still con-
torted lips. “Yours and mine dear. I wonder what that
wreck of space was? No planet could exist permanently
within our system without our being aware of its presence
through its influence at least on its neighbors. Could it
be a moon of Uranus, one habitually in its shadow, and
so unobserved from Arion or the more distant Earth?”
Leila looked doubtful. “I have flown around Uranus
twice,” she said, “and I can hardly see how such a satel-
lite could have existed without our discovering it earlier.”
“Then it might be some far-flung satellite of your own
sun, stolen at the same time that Arion hurled itself into
our system,” Dirk remarked thoughtfully. “Was there
any small planet attached to your luminary, with an
orbit much farther away from it than your own? An
orbit so distant that the pull of our own system might
have torn it away as our two suns passed close?”

  Leila pondered a moment. “Arion, as I have said, was
the only planet capable of supporting life in our system—
the only planet worthy of the name in truth—but I re-
member that our astronomers told us at our colleges,
that there was a thin belt of planetoids circling the outer
edge of our sky world and as far away from us as you are
from Neptune. It is very possible that your sun captured
one of them unaided during the great cataclysms, and
that it is now circling around an orbit that has not before
brought it to our attention.”

' 1 'HEY had no other adventures on their way, and an-
other fifteen days found them hovering over a mighty,
transparent-roofed city, as vast as a whole country on
Earth, from which a series of air-locks rose, opening one
into the other, till the outer surface was reached. As a
ship goes from lock to lock in a canal, so was the Muta
slipped from one great, bubble-like compartment to an-
other, till it came to rest on an immense landing plat-
form of silver bricks, still many stories above the city’a
thoroughfares.

  Sarrazin was to learn shortly that silver was the most
common metal on Arion, and that the people of the new
planet had found a way of treating it, that gave it the
strength and durability of steel. All the more ordinary
constructions were built of it; while the more aristocratic
dwellings were of a carved, milky crystal that was deli-
cate and pleasing to the eye.

  A crowd of luminously blue-skinned Arionans had gath-
ered round the Muta as it came to rest on the landing
platform. Dirk let Leila go out to meet them alone and,
rendering the hull of the great space-ship transparent by a
touch on a dial, he sat down to study the city below.
THE WOMAN

  It was hard to believe that the Earth lay billions of
miles away, across an abyss of space too immense lor the
average man’s finite mind to conccive of; for here below
him lay a scene, that seemed to differ from the spectacle
of a Terrestrial city, only inasmuch as would two far-
flung and different capitals of Earth. Yet, this held true
only at first glance. Nevertheless, the great Arionan city
was near enough to human conceptions of a mighty capi-
tal, to make Dirk ponder over the strange coincidences of
nature that had made this planet from an alien system so
closely akin to Earth.

  Save for half a dozen gigantic buildings, like the one
on which the Muta rested . . . buildings immense beyond
any on Earth ... the city seemed composed of low and
garden-surrounded dwellings, divided by wide, silver-paved
streets that were, Leila had told him, reserved exclusively
for pedestrians or the rare wheeled vehicles of old, infirm,
or very young. Above the roofs were the air lanes and
between the greater houses long, slender, covered bridges
formed a silver network of communicating passages.

  The city stretched beyond the range of human vision,
breaking into patches of cultivated soil, then resuming
its spacious ranks of houses. Leila had said that there
were four such cities on Arion, each protected from the
outer cold by roofs of transparent Colute and lighted
and warmed by the synthetic sunshine that played in great,
pulsing beams beneath the thousand-foot high roof. Here,
all that grew and all that lived on Arion congregated;
crops were grown in an incessant rotation and cattle raised
in great pens on the confines of each city, while fish stocked
every stream and lake. It was hard to believe that this
flourishing scene was set on a frozen planet, in the dark
of the cold outer spaces.

  The silver and crystal vistas of the city were exquisitely
beautiful after the long space voyage, and Sarrazin sat in
contemplation of them till Leila came for him and brought
him out to a group of richly clad and imposing-looking
Arionans. They were all of a tall and graceful stature,
the smallest being hardly shorter than Dirk himself, de-
spite his six-feet-one. Their delicately, regular features
were cast, like Leila’s in what Earth would have called a
Grecian mold, though more chiseled than any Terrestrial
features had ever been. The hair of most of them had
turned a pale gold, the equivalent here of the gray or
white locks of age, and their eyes were piercing, strong
and full of vitality. They looked at Sarrazin curiously
with black-lashed, silver eyes and gave him a grave and
dignified greeting.

  “It is an omen,” said one, “that we should find a kindred
form of life on a planet of this new system we have come
to. You are very welcome to Arion, Earthman, and your
presence will make Leila’s return an event that may loom
great in our history. I greet you in the name of the
Council of our planet. Later there will be much for us to
talk of together.”

  Attendants of the landing platform had taken charge of
the great space-ship and Leila assured Sarrazin that his
own luggage would be delivered along with hers at their
lodgings. Taking leave of the officiais who had come to
meet Leila and of the personnel of the landing platform
who crowded close around her, gave Dirk a glimpse of ihe
working costume of Arion; tunics with skirts to the knees
and long, tight-fitting, laced trousers ending in boots of a
strange, metallic woven material.

  Leila led him to a small, torpedo-shaped car that shot
down an elevator shaft and through an underground tube
to a spacious dwelling, a mile or so away from the lofty
“Space-Tower.”

  There, in Leila’s own house, he found himself surround-
ed with every known luxury of Earth and many unknown

FROM SPACE	375

ones. A suite of rooms and a private garden filled with
strange flowers and stranger singing birds of a metallic
plumage, was assigned to him by her house-steward, or
stewardess, and all the delicacies of Arionan cooking and
fruits and salads were set before him for his first meal on
the new planet.

"COR a week afterwards, Dirk saw little of Leila, as she
spent most of her time in consultations with the ten
mighty minds of Arion who formed its supreme council.
If the decisions to be made were not so momentous, she
told him, he would have been called before them almost
immediately, since his coming and appearance were the
main topics of Luscior at the moment. But now even
visitors from other planets, a thing unheard of in Arion’s
history, lost their importance beside the consideration of
their world’s ultimate fate; just as even their love for each
other, Leila said regretfully, must stand aside while the
council still had need of her services.

  Meanwhile, grave and courteous Arionan women were
delegated by her to show him the city and to see that he
was fittingly entertained. In a closed aircraft, that moved
on one of the network of transportation beams that en-
closed the whole planet, he went out into the terrible
wastes of ice and darkness that stretched outside the pro-
tected cities. It was a vast and lunar country, lit by two
diminutive moons, a frozen world that had once been as
sunny and luxuriant as the pleasant Earth. The sun
gleamed afar, hardly bigger than the Earth’s view of Venus,
and unproductive of heat or light; while the winds seemed
to lie frozen like the soil and only the presence of an
occasional working party, clad in space suits against the
cold, relieved the emptiness of the scene, as they quar-
ried or mined for the crystal and minerals needed in the
cities.

   Within the city of Luscior, all was warmth, light and
comfort. The Colute roof held all the outer world at bay
and Dirk swam in scented, flower-edged pools or wan-
dered through a brilliant city full of artistic, as well as
scientific marvels. One day, however, after many brief
and unsatisfying meetings, Leila came for him from the
recesses of her own apartment and told him that they
would have this day in its entirety for themselves alone.

   ‘Tomorrow,” she said, “there will be a banquet in the
honor of the three space fliers who have returned this
week from their mission, and of myself. Unhappily, you
cannot attend it, as no man has ever done so before in
the history of Arion. Banquets are deemed no place for
men. On the day after, there will be a great council of
all the leaders, at which the course of action by which
our world may find once more the blessings of the natural
sunlight will be decided on. It has been considered un-
necessary to await the return of the remaining fliers, as
the reports of those of us who have already arrived have
sufficed to indicate the course we shall probably take. I
will see that you are invited to the council ... it will be
worth witnessing . . . only once before in the existence
of our race, has the fate of all Arion itself hung on the
words of our leaders. After that we shall all be har-
nessed to the accomplishment of a gigantic task. Per-
haps I shall be sent out once more in the Muta . . . will
you accompany me, Dirk, if I am? But that is for to-
morrow! For today, let us be happy and live in the
moment.”

   She was dressed in a rich garment of metallic tissue,
with a carved circlet of ebony-like wood confining the
spun jet beauty of her hair. Since the great cold had
taken possession of Arion, twenty years before, wood had
become so rare as to be almost a mark of princely rank
or fabulous wealth on those who wore it But it indi-
376

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

cated more often the former than the latter since, in
Arion, wealth was so regulated as to make a fortune of
comfortable proportions easy enough of attainment. Any-
thing greater, however, could be held only at the will and
with the proclaimed approval of the state. Thus attired,
Leila’s strange beauty was entirely feminine, soft and
gracious, and Sarrazin did not regret his decision to ac-
company her to Arion, as she leaned against his strong
shoulder with a deep sigh of contentment and happiness.

  “Truly, no woman on Arion has such a wealth as I
have!” she said. “For none of them have ever known
the bliss of loving one towering as much above other men
as you do. But come! We must first of all visit the
men’s college ... 1 have never been there; it is not
thought desirable that our young men should see too much
of girls who are not among those elected as their mates,
but the freedom of the planet is now mine as a reward
for my late services. Then I have a dear friend who is
married and lives in the Happy City ... as the quarters
of those who are married are called. I would like you to
meet her. She has eleven children, a great family, even
for Arion where large families are deemed a patriotic
necessity, and she will shortly be awarded a medal at the
next feast of the married.”

  Sitting close to each other, in the cushioned cylinder
cars of the underground tube passages that served all
Luscior, they flashed beneath the city till Leila turned their
vehicle into one of the deep embarkation wells set along
their course, up which the cylinders circled on twisting
ramps to their destination above. On a vast hillside,
gleaming buildings of the finest milky crystal, formed
arabesques of a startling loveliness, set amid the flowered
grasses . . . green, enameled with grey and copper colored
flowers ... of this new world. Silver flagstone paths led
up a hillside toward them, and as they moved over them
Leila explained how all the boys had to come here at the
age of ten for their education and physical training; re-
maining there till the age of twenty-two, when they were
allowed two years of liberty before they must make choice
of a mate from the picked girls of the planet

  “For them, patriotism consists in keeping strong and
healthy, and in being the fathers of vigorous children;
their duty is clearly shown them, but nothing is spared
that can make them contented and fit in body and mind.
Gymnastics and sports of all sorts train their bodies and
the best of Arion comes to train their minds. But almost
invariably their bodies respond better than their brains to
the care lavished on them; they are averse to effort . . .
save in certain games . . . childish in their ambitions and
prone to take pleasure in the lightest sides of learning
only. Very few of them can be intellectual companions
to their mates, though there have been one or two fine
minds among them, who have, through their mates, greatly
influenced Arionan history.”

CHAPTER VI

A New World

I~\IRK smiled a little as he heard the last remark . . .

    one he had seen applied in ancient history books to a
few great women of Earth’s past; but he said nothing for
an elderly and grave Arionan councillor, whom he remem-
bered meeting at the arrival of the Muta, came toward
them. After courteous greetings she led them to a great
stadium, where boys of various ages were playing games
or indulging in gymnastic exercises.

  Sarrazin found them fine physical specimens, aglow with
health and equipped with the best of manners. They
were eager to look at him and hear of his world, but more

in the form of an amusement than through a desire for
knowledge, and they soon returned with an equal eager-
ness to their games. They were evidently light and vol-
atile of humor and purpose, but as the aged director of
the college asked him if the Arionan men differed much
in character from those of Earth, Dirk smiled and said,
“There is nothing wrong with yours that a century of re-
sponsibility and equal freedom would not change. Their
interests have been so limited I take it, that they have lost
interest in a world in which they have no voice, and have
limited their passions to games and pleasure.”

  The old director said, “That, many of us see, is true.
But our men are few and precious to us. They realize as
we do that we cannot afford to risk them in the world of
action where we women live. Physically, they cannot en-
dure hardships that leave us unaffected, and each knows
his importance to our world, and his duties as a future
father, too well to resent the situation.”

  Leaving the college, they went in an air taxi this time—
there were always many about, waiting for fares—to a
pleasant place of great gardens set about a vast, green
lake and embowered in the pale, silvery green of the rare
Arionan trees. At one of the largest houses Leila pre-
sented him to a superbly beautiful woman who sat sur-
rounded by a bevy of children, with a grave, tall man by
her side. Norria, as the woman was called, welcomed
them warmly; her husband looked at Sarrazin with cur-
iosity and while Leila and Norria spoke of the former’s
trip across the solar system, he questioned Dirk in detail
about the Earth.

  “I would have given my right hand to have been in
your place,” he said. “All that we men can do is dream
of such achievements without hope of ever sharing in
them. Only in our old age are we free to do as we please
with our lives; and by then we have lost the capacity for
action or even desire for action and are content with our
peace and security.”

  Sarrazin liked him greatly. Norria had taken the pains
to awake his mind to matters usually left to the considera-
tion of the stronger sex, and as a result he had grown to
be almost her equal intellectually and had firmly refused
to leave her for a new wife at the end of five years as was
the custom. Dirk rejoiced at the proof Norria’s husband
presented, that the men of Arion were the victims of en-
vironment rather than of inherent weakness. He promised
to see as much of Luthor, as he was called, a3 his sojourn
on Arion permitted. The latter asked eagerly for more
details of the emancipated men of Earth, and gave Dirk a
glimpse of the Arionan men’s reactions to their limited
roles.

  “We are shackled by our patriotism,” he told Sarrazin.
“An act of recklessness that forfeits a masculine life is
almost a betrayal of our dwindling race. In the remote
past, men tore Arion to pieces in their savage subserviency
to war, and now we must justly pay the penalty for the
long dead sins of our sex.”

  Leila came up and leaned against her lover’s shoulder.
“I have told Norria that we are to mate, Dirk. Will she
and you come with us to that distant planet someday,
Luthor? When your children go to the colleges and you
are both free? I know that you are not as other men of
Arion but dream of adventure as we women do. You
would find kindred souls among the men of Earth and
adventure in the trip over.”

  On the way home in Norria’s luxurious flying craft (the
married couples were granted princely revenues by the
state in addition to their own private properties; in fact
Dirk decided that marriage was the closest thing the
Arionans had to profiteering ho had yet seen) Sarrazin
said, reflectively:
THE WOMAN FROM SPACE

377

  “If only Arion were nearer to the Earth, our men would
solve your problem by falling in love with your beautiful
women . . . they are surely the most beautiful in the solar
system ... A few generations of intermarriage between
Arion and Earth would equalize somewhat the proportion
of men and women here, and the situation would in the
end become normal, so that each woman could have the
right to marry if she chose, and men would be free as
they were in the very old days. But I fear that the dis-
tance between us is so vast that only a few hardy souls
will ever venture across it and regular interplanetary com-
munications will be discouraged before they start.”

  Leila smiled enigmatically. “We shall be nearer the
Earth very soon,” she said, refusing to add anything more
despite his insistence.

  They spent the rest of the day pleasantly together, in
wandering among the rare groves of the city and sitting
among the strange and heavily odorous flowers that were
peculiar to Arion. Leila told him of the terrible days
surrounding their successful attempt to turn the Death
from its path, and the freezing of their fair planet as it
was torn away from its orbit and hurled toward the solar
system.

“AT first it was like what you had to face on your

  ** Earth,” Leila said. “The fires of our sun grew so
fierce that without our roofs of Colute we should have per-
ished. These roofs had been built, however, in prevision
of just such an event, since the astronomers had been aware
of the converging paths of our two systems a full century
before yours. Colute, as you have seen, is practically in-
destructible; it will bend and yield like silk if made thin
enough, but will never break. Also, of all our substances
it is the most impervious to heat and cold.

  “Our scientists had not foreseen Arion’s leap through
space into the system of your sun; but when it came, and
our luminary was swept farther and farther from us, and
we passed in a few short years from torrid heat to polar
cold, the Colute roofs proved equally our salvation against
the petrifying ice-age that clutched our planet.

  “I can barely remember that time ... I was hardly
more than a child when we swung into the orbit we now
occupy ... save as a nfghtmare of strange celestial illum-
inations and seismic disturbances, of terror of mind and
storms unlike anything that nature had ever held before.
Many of our bravest leaders and our greatest scientists
died at their posts, directing the operations through which
most of the lives on our planet were saved. But there was
nothing like the loss of life that you endured on the Earth.
We were better equipped and better prepared; it is Arion’s
boast that though we women paid a heavy toll to the years
of cataclysms, as they were called, not one man lost his life
during those parlous times and that the men were as
brave in steadfast endurance as the women.”

  On the following day, Sarrazin was invited to a meeting
of the council at which Leila and the three other returned
space fliers were also present. The ten great leaders of
Arion looked with respect and approval on the tall and
virile Terrestrial; their minds explored his own with an
eagerness that stimulated all the resources of his vast
mental powers. Dirk felt indeed that Earth was being
judged by himself and he was pleased to discover that
much of his astronomical knowledge was of value to them.
Their knowledge of this new corner of their galaxy was
only twenty years old, while his mind was able to measure
itself with theirs without discredit to the human race he
represented.

He was asked many questions about Earthly customs
and the evolution of mankind, and his answers were added

by a mechanical recorder to the filed information that
Leila had already laid before them. Sarrazin received the
impression of being accorded the regard of friendly and
wise minds whose wisdom had all the stored experitnce of
a vastly ancient civilization behind it. After a while, he
asked permission to sit back and listen while Leila and
the other space fliers reviewed slowly, for the recording
machine, their explorations through the solar system. It
was an amazing saga of dauntless space flying that was
told quietly there and dealt with as an ordinary execution
of duty.

  One flier had hovered for many days over Venus; find-
ing it a world of heavy mists and dense, dripping jungles
where a remnant of strange beast life seemed to have
survived the blazing inferno the planet must have lived
through during the passing of the Death. A few small
colonies of semi-human animals of a higher evolutionary
order seemed to have equally withstood those cataclysmic
days and it was clear that life forms understandable ta
both Arion and Earth would some day develop on that
world ... though that day was far off.

  Another flier had sped outward to the limits of the solar
system where Pluto spun, a half liquid, half gaseous
mass; lonely, airless and condemned to an eternal night.
The awfulness of that outpost of the solar world, hung
over her brief description of the scene, and impressed itself
on the imagination of her listeners.

  The -third had circled Mars and found there many ob-
vious signs of a powerful but dying civilization, at grips
with an almost waterless world, its domains restricted to
narrow areas that were beset on all sides by parched
deserts.

  All spoke casually a language of space, as distinct from
the ordinary speech of the planet-bound mortal as the
tongue of the mariner from the chatter of the city-born.
Sarrazin listened, with bated breath, to what was, in the
main, a confirmation of the oldest Earthly theories anent
their sister worlds.

  At the close of the meeting, the president of the Council
turned to Sarrazin with a few courteous words of thanks
for his presence on Arion.

  “Your presence is a forecast of friendship between two
worlds most strangely akin,” she told him gravely. “We
of Arion’s council have great need of such goodly omens
in this hour. Leila has told us that you are to be mates.
Perhaps the salvation of our planet shall lie in just such
unions between our two worlds. A new and greater race
may yet evolve therefrom. Such men as you are have
been unknown on Arion since a thousand years, and few
of our women could resist their wooing, even though in
small things, like coloring, you differ from us. We desire
that you shall have as much reason to consider yourself at
home on Arion as on Earth. Therefore, by the Council’s
will, the freedom of the planet is yours for life.”

  Next morning Dirk accompanied Leila to the Council
hall, a marvelous building of delicately carved, green
crystal, whose each block was clouded within with opales-
cent tints, that shimmered and changed continually in the
synthetic sunshine. This building was the pride of all the
planet, and covered a square mile of ground.

AT a side entrance, Leila handed him over to a vener-
■^*able, gold-haired woman, who was, she said, the chief
astronomical expert of Arion. He was led to a seat high
in one of the galleries of carved wood—a material that
had, since their construction, become more priceless than
gold upon Earth—and placed in a seat that commanded
the whole of the immense room. Below him rose a great,
crescent-shaped section of a deep rose, marble-like stone,
that was lifted high above the rest of the council chamber,
378	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

and graded in a succession of wide, step-like platforms.

  The ten chief councillors of the planet sat on high seats
at the central summit, with the lesser councillors, the exe-
cutive chiefs of the different important departments of the
state and the experts and educators of the highest orders,
ranged on descending gradations around them.

  On the lowest level, but still high above the floor, sat
the nobles, as were called all whose services to the planet
were considered notable and worthy of a title for life.
The old astronomer with Dirk said that inherited rank
still existed in Arion and was given a certain amount of
social recognition though it was ignored by the state.
The councillors, she explained, were chosen by means
of a series of intelligence and character tests devised cen-
turies ago by psychologists, and continually perfected
since then.

  “Every female undergoes a mental development test
at each third year of her education,” she said. “Accord-
ing to her successive gradings over a long period—for we
take into consideration different rates of development in
equally capable minds—she is, at seventeen, given the
choice of all those professions or trades for which she is
mentally adapted. This profession of her choice she then
studies for three years, before resuming, if she so desires,
the series of what we term, adult examinations. By these
the fittest minds mount a slow progression of steps, that
lead to the highest posts of the planet.

  “Those who pass the five supreme tests are called as-
sistant councillors, and must each be, apart from their
general mental fitness, an expert in one, at least, of the
vital sciences of Arion. It is from this body that all
vacancies in the highest council of ten are filled. They
sit, you may notice, next to the council; with, below them,
the executives of our chief departments, and farther down
the Educators and the Nobles, of which Leila is one of the
youngest and most eminent. You can see her from here.

  “Now I must leave you to occupy my own place among
the executives below . . . you will not be alone of your
sex for this gallery is reserved for the men of Luscior, and
is, as you may see, the most luxuriously furnished of all
the hall.”

  There were now many thousands of people crowded in
the vast space below and in the tiered galleries around the
enormous floor. The portals in the walls had been
thrown open and over a million spectators, come from,
all the other cities of the planet, thronged without. Great
viso-phones, nearly similar to those of Earth, waited ready
to bring to them every inflection of the voices or expres-
sion of the faces of the speakers within.

  Today, the people of Arion were to learn the final decis-
ion of their rulers as to the means they must take to im-
prove their condition and location in space. Not since
they had labored to save their planet from fiery dissolu-
tion, had so momentous a council sat at Luscior.

  Now a bell rang musically and a movement of tense
expectation sent a long shiver through the waiting masses.
Rising slowly to her feet the chief of the Council of Ten
cast her low and grave voice out upon the teeming throng.
A silence like death'held the crowd.

  “People of Arion,” she said, “four of the space fliers
we sent forth to explore this new solar system, have re-
turned. They bring with them information that removes
the necessity of awaiting the home-coming of the four who
are still in space, ere we decide what should be done to
return our planet to a place where it will once more enjoy
the blessings of a life-giving sun. Through our fliers,
the bravest and most expert of our race, we have learned
four things about this new system in which fate has placed
us.

  “One, that the three planets nearest the sun (we except
the burnt-out cinder of a world that was scorched out of
existence in the past cataclysms) possess an intelligent life;
in the case of the planet next that one the sun destroyed,
a life near enough to what we may define as intelligent,
as to make it unfair for Arion to do anything prejudicial
to its continuation.

  “Secondly, that the planet that lies farthest from us
away from the sun, is a cold, lifeless world; one that will
probably never achieve conditions capable of producing
life.

  “Thirdly, that between the greatest planet of all the
system and the third satellite of our new luminary . . .
a dying planet almost stripped of water . . . lies a space
that should, according to calculations, contain another
planet; but where, instead, a great number of tiny, lifeless
planetoids flow in an orbit similar to that of a larger
world.

  “Fourthly, and this is perhaps the most important dis-
covery of all, Leila of Luscior has discovered that on the
central one of the three smaller planets near the sun,
there exists a form of life almost identical to our own
and possessed of an advanced civilization and culture;
a form of life preponderatingly masculine, with which
it would be undoubtedly advantageous for Arion to form
commercial or scientific relations.

NE of this race called Human has accompanied Leila
here and is the honored guest of our planet He
is a great scientist and will serve us, without doubt, as
an interpreter between our two races. It is this factor
which makes it seem greatly more desirable to draw our
planet both nearer to the sun, and to this friendly world,
than to extend our system of artificial heating and light-
ing of our globe, or to hurl ourselves once more into the
void, in search of another sun to warm and hold us.

  “It has therefore been decided to move Arion into that
orbit now occupied by what Dirk Sarrazin, our visitor
from Earth, calls the Asteroids; first destroying this dust
of a dead planet... or pebbles cast forth from the sun ...
by means of infinitely powerful atomic destroyers, that
are even now in process of construction, and using the
dead world beyond us as a leverage point from which to
propel ourselves through the vast space between us and
the orbit we wish to occupy.

  “The dead world—the Humans call it Pluto—will
naturally be hurled farther and farther away from the
sun by the pressure of our beams; but even though it
should be loosed definitely from the attraction of its par-
ent star, no loss shall be suffered by any one. Scientists
have computed that it will take a year for a fleet of our
largest space-ships, equipped with disintegrators of the
latest model, to reach the asteroid belt and sweep it clear;
and that it would take twelve more of our years to propel
Arion into its new orbit.

  “Therefore, it is imperative that we should start our
preparations immediately and that all should lend their
every endeavor to the task; as mighty a one as any world
ever undertook! For one week, therefore, the council
will wait, so that any opinions or serious objections peo-
ple may advance concerning the Council’s plan may be
brought before them. Then, if no contrary decision is
taken in the meantime, we shall outfit our space-fleet and
send it out to destroy the Asteroids. Meanwhile, the three
fliers now among us who have not yet attained the rank
of Nobles shall, in token of Arion’s gratitude, be elevated
thereto immediately.

  “Leila, who has rendered the most distinguished ser-
vice, but who is already a Noble, and is listed among those
scheduled to take the examinations that lead to admit-
THE WOMAN

tance to the assisting council, shall have in token of our
gratitude the highest honor and responsibility—since one
entails the other always—of all those who must work for
the furtherance of the plan.

  “She shall command the space-fleet that shall destroy
the asteroids, and may bring with her, if she so wishes
and he consents, the visitor from Earth, who—she has
asked me to announce it here—is going to be her mate
for life.”

  As she finished, a mighty shout, the voice of a whole
world, rose to the green roof that towered four hundred
feet above the-hall. Again and again the air vibrated
with the great waves of sound as the council’s plans were
cheered by the Arionan millions, who saw nothing im-
possible in a suggestion that left Dirk Sarrazin breathless
and stunned by its titanic audacity.

  Their civilization had achieved so much that had ap-
peared impossible, that none deemed the impossible to
exist any longer in nature. Then, after they had cheered
the decision of the Ten, they lifted their voices once again
in a great acclamation of Leila, calling till a young mes-
senger, sent hurriedly up to the men’s gallery, summoned
Sarrazin down to stand beside his future wife before the
eyes of the tumultuous crowd. For ever after, Dirk was
to remember the mighty roar of the people of Arion as
they cheered for him and his bride-to-be.

  A week later the work of outfitting the space-ships was
in full swing. Sarrazin had accepted with eagerness, the
suggestion that he should act as Leila’s co-pilot on the
Mula on the forthcoming trip.

  They were married two days before the departure of
the two hundred great vessels that composed the space
fleet. Their wedding was celebrated with an imposing
ceremony, such as befitted an event which Arion consid-
ered outstanding at all times, and to which a bridegroom
from another planet had added a world-embracing in-
terest.

  On the appointed day, the great ships were released
one by one, through the bubble-like air-locks above the
landing platform of Luscior. Proudly, they lifted
through the icy air above the transparent Colute roofs of
the vast city, and ranged themselves in an imposing and
far flung hollow square. The Mula, flag-ship of the fleet,
rose up, last of all, amid the frantic acclamations of the
people of Luscior, to take its place a thousand feet above
the others.

  In a vast array, they sped sunward on their course
toward the distant orbit of the asteroids. Leila and Sar-
razin alternately sat at the controls of the great flag-ship
as it led the special hosts through the void, while their
crew of tall, silver-eyed women of Arion, watched their
strange honeymoon discreetly in the background. In the
long watches of the interplanetary day, they discussed
and planned their future life, alloting the time they would
give to the planet of each.

  “Arion needs me and I cannot refuse her my services.
There will be much special exploration to do once we
have achieved the success of this plan, but neither can
you deprive the Earth of your knowledge, or live perpet-
ually on Arion the life of one secondary to myself. We
must divide our time fairly between our two worlds. In
Arion you must be Leila’s husband, though even there
your position will be different and higher than that of
our Arionan men. On Earth, I shall be only Dirk Sar-
razin’s wife, and proud of my husband. Perhaps one day,
after years of intercourse between Arion and Earth, men
and women will come to have an equal importance on
both planets. It is possible that we can help to bring
that day closer.”

FROM SPACE	379

  A T length, after endless cycles of hours illumined by
the eternally shining orb towards which they sped,
Leila, on Dirk’s instructions, signaled a halt. Mars
glowed brilliantly ahead of them, and Earth was the size
of a major star. They had passed mighty Jupiter, with
its many moons, and hovered now on the edge of the
Asteroid belt.

  Leila and her officers now manned the giant atomic dis-
integrators—a hundred times the size of any known before
on Arion—while Dirk became sole pilot of the Muta, and
placed her in the center of the close-packed battle line
that was to attack the streaming dust of a vanished
world and sweep it from its orbital path.

  With rays meeting and crossing in an impassable bar-
rier in front of them, the space-fleet sped on till the first
planetoid was signaled from the outermost ship. Swing-
ing in a great row across the path of the outermost fringe
of the rushing planet dust, they played their dissolving
rays into the void ahead. Here, where the flow of Aster-
oids was thinnest and farthest spaced, they attacked first
Sweeping against their orbital path, they saw, through
the transparent hulls of their ships, the hurtling obstacles
—not only an occasional, small planetoid, but an unbe-
lievably constant stream of meteors and solids—melt and
vanish before their eyes.

  Slowly, in a vast swath, they edged toward the thick-
est part of the stream; their rays making the heavens lum-
inous with strange flarings of colors, so that Dirk won-
dered what Lo-Wu thought of the weird spectacle his tel-
escopes must reveal to him.

  It was life, keyed to an unbelievable pitch of tense sen-
sation, that they lived amid the flarings of those terrible
rays. Their crews succeeding each other in shifts, so that
the watch against disaster should never slacken, they sped
on in a timeless world, against the rushing, unsentient foe.
Day after unchanging day, the void poured forth its peb-
bles, rocks and miniature worlds against the destruction
pronounced by distant Arion on their useless matter.

  They came, great mile-wide spheres and tiny boulders,
streaming through space; faithful to the orbit appointed
them when they had first been flung forth from the con-
vulsed sun and hurtling now to their end at the hand of a
human foe. Inured though the strange experiences of his
life had rendered him, Dirk felt at times his mind reel
and almost give at the spectacle ceaselessly deploying it-
self in front of the Muta and her sister ships.

  Night and day, they sped in the reversed orbit of the
Asteroids, leaving a swath of emptiness behind them. Now
and again, one ship or the other would fall behind the
defensive wall the others formed, and lagging there would
repair a damaged ray or power generator. Twee, a ves-
sel’s disintegrator ceased to function without warning,
leaving a hole through which the unsentient foe could
charge. Once the disabled ship found time to drop to
shelter till she had mended her disabled machinery; but
the second time she was not so lucky, and was crumpled
and annihilated in a breath, under the charge of a plane-
toid the size of a city, that swept its fused remnants away
with it on its triumphal course.

  Only the space-trained fliers of Arion could have stood
the strain for month on interminable month; and only the
shrewd testing received in the cataclysmic years that had
trained his youth and tempered his manhood, allowed
Sarrazin to equal them in efficient endurance.

  At last Leila pronounced their work done. For weeks
their rays had played on unrelieved emptiness, challenging
space in vain to fling forth more of its giant missiles against
their might. Scattering widely, the fleet had searched the
vast breadth of the Asteroid orbit for stray remnants of
their reign. Finally, half of them had turned aside to
380	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

bear the news of a completed task to the Council at Lus-
cior; while the remainder still moved back and forth, ath-
wart the path they had swept already clean. Then they
too hurled themselves homeward across space—but the
Muta did not accompany them.

  At Luscior, acclamations and fame and nomination to
the assistant councillors’ ranks awaited Leila; but Earth
called to Sarrazin with a call stronger than that of race
or country—a call that only the traveler through inter-
planetary space can know. Lo-Wu waited, and the world
with him for all the new knowledge that Dirk brought as
he hurried homeward through the conquered skies.

  Once more, they passed above the dying realms of Mars,
with its evidences of intelligent life, which they promised
themselves they would return to investigate soon. Once
more the frozen Lunar world lay beneath their telescopes,
as the Muta bore Sarrazin home.

  Earth brightened and gleamed, beautiful and awash
with changeful reflections of light, as she beckoned them

THE

 to her; till at last the shadow of the Arionan ship drifted
 across the green Thibetan plains, and lay athwart the giant
 observatory.

   Leaving the ship, they lingered in the peace of the ob-
 servatory a few days, loath to abandon it for the turmoil
 that Lo-Wu was preparing for them in the outer world.
 But they knew it was but a halt between achievements.
 Looking through the mighty telescopes at Arion’s distant
 luminosity, they knew that they must soon be returning
 to her, to help in the last of her titanic tasks, the propel-
 ling of the planet through space to its awaiting, chosen or-
 bit.

   But they knew also that between the two worlds, the
first strands of an unbreakable bond had been woven, and
that they had been the weavers of them, the sponsors of
that future which should weld Arion and Earth so closely.
They knew also that to the people of both, either planet
should . . . one day in the future ... be equally called
home.

END

For the April Wonder Stories

              We Present

50th CENTURY REVOLT

      by Arthur G. Stangland

 Awakening after 2000 ytare, he found hit nxi« under th*
 domination of the creaturet from Oultide ....

THE REIGN OF THE STAR-DEATH

      by A. Rowley Hilliard

 Spreading everywhere, the star-death threatened the ex-
 tinction of thousands to save the millions ....

THE LAST WOMAN

     by Thomas D. Gardner
 Atone upon the planet, the Last Woman awaited the coming
 of, the mm ....

 THE ELECTRONIC SIEGE

       by John W. Campbell, Jr.

 Facing extinction then waited for the two world* to
 craeh ....

 THE MAN WHO SHRANK

       by George B. Beattie

  Into this menagerie of monntroiitiee, he introduced the punv
  creature of hie undoing ....

 THE FINAL WAR

      (In Two Parts—Part Two)
      by Carl W. Spohr

 Through the inferno of atomic death, a few nun fought
 madia to keep the race oline ....

        And

For the May Issue

  “BROOD OF HELIOS”

by John Bertin

is the long-awaited story, beginning in the May issue. Al-
though a newcomer to scienco fiction, Ur. Bertin starts off
by a storv that we predict; will be a smashing hit. Here are
all the elements of fascinating science, intriguine mystery,
exploration and adventure blended into an astonishing story
of tho future. Encased in their electronic casing our explor-
ers awaken to find themselves apparently in a strange world
Is it a new planet or a new age; who are the mysterious
assailants that face them everywhere; what are these strange

rwths, so unlike the plants of tho earth they knew? Whal
tho terriflo cataclysm that must have disrupted time or
space or both to piunee a half dozen people into tho most
amazing of adventures!

“THE VENUS ADVEN-
TURE”

by John Beynon Harris

   Mr. Harris, whose “Worlds to Barter" proToked such »
storm of controversy, eives us now what he calls “realism
in interplanetary travel. ’ This is no ordinary interplanetary
story. This is a human and gripping adventure of explora-
tions into a new world with a surprising series of develop-
ments; of the rise of one raee and tho degeneration of an-
other. The effect of the same environment on two groups of
people is portrayed in a powerful way; and tho raenaco that
must be faced by explorers to a now world wore never so
clearly pictured.

   Mr. Harris shows two of the elemonts that are fighting for
survival today and what the possiblo outcome of that battle
might be in the not too distant future.

      41'

   VANISHING GOLD”

by Capt. S. P. Meek

It has been many months since we have published ono of
Captain Meek's realistic and exciting tales of scientific won-
ders. With the world in chaos over the gold standard, and
half the nations on the verge of financial bankruptcy, the
value of tho gold in a nation’s treasury may determine the
prosperity or poverty of its citizens. But supposo that gold
were slowly, imperceptibly, but surely to vanish, to evaporate
into the thin air? What would happen if no known cause
were found? Capt Meek’s scientific detective turns his mind
to this question with astonishing results.

U'

THE MOON MISTRESS”

by Raymond Gallun

follows the great success of his “Revolt of the Star Men”
and his “Compulsion Ray.” We do not see the moon hero
from the standpoint of a place for men to explore and fight
with brutal naturo; but as a habitablo world for those who
Can turn the peculiar conditions on the moon to their own
uses. This the “Moon Mistress” can do; and she causes a
series of events bizarre, cruel, almost fantastio; but por-
trayed by Gallun as realities of tomorrow.
JVONDER STORIES QUARTERLY!

381

Rebels of the Moon

 (Concluded from Page 363)

  Von Rickopfs men went readily enough. They might
have rebelled if they were on solid Earth, or even on the
Moon. As it was they well knew that, should they over-
throw O’Grady’s supporters, they would be lost in space.
As O’Grady came to Manvel’s elbow, the latter spoke.

  “The radio is operating perfectly,” he said. “I have a
connection with St. Louis. Here, someone in the depart-
ment of astronautics wants to talk to you.”

  A bald-headed man had appeared in close-up on the
television screen.

  “Where’s Von Rickopf?” he demanded. “What has
happened?”

  O’Grady told him. As he talked, other faces appeared—
more members of the department.

  “Very good, so far,” said the senior secretary when he
finished. “But what do you propose to do now?”

  “I’m going to Venus,” said O’Grady.

  ‘To Venus?” repeated all the images on the screen at
once.

  “Where else?” returned O’Grady. “If I come back to
Earth and smash this ship to bits we’ll have done just
what Von Rickopf planned to do—6poil the first inter-
planetary journey. But we have the course-book and I’m
a navigator, or at least enough of one to keep to the route
as it has been laid down for me. By the time we reach
Venus our load will be lighter. We can land safely.
Have I permission?”

  The members of the department put their shadowy
heads together, conversing in low, hasty tones. Then the
senior spoke once more.

  “Consider yourself commissioned, then, as commander
of the Venusian expedition.”

“Yes, sir,” said O’Grady, saluting. “Anything else?”
“Only one thing more. You're a plenty good man!”
The screen went blank for a moment. But then another
began to materialize on it
mebody callirg,” said Manvel. He tnrned dials to
clarify it
Von Rickopf flashed into view!

  “You think yourself wise, O’Grady,” snarled the Ger-
man’s voice from the screen. “Well, you aren’t quite wise
enough. We have short-shot rockets that will catch up
with you inside of half an hour. Then we’ll board you
and settle accounts. You haven’t forgotten that we have
some rocket fuel too, have you?”

  For the second time the screen went blank.

/''VGRADY looked aronnd for Manvel. The youngster
    had dropped to his knees behind a chair.

  “I was hiding,” he explained. “Evidently he doesn’t
know that I’m with you.”

  “What difference would it make if he did?”

  “Didn’t you hear him speak about the fuel at the secret
crater? He thinks that you’re helpless without a radio-
man. But I’m here, and I know his radio tricks. I can
save the ship!”

  He bent over the dials and worked for some minutes.
At length he brought an image into being on the smaller
screen. It was the radio gun, mounted on a swivel, of
which Von Rickopf had spoken on his first meeting with
O’Grady. The latter looked on interestedly.

  “I see what you mean,” he told Manvel. “Can you
operate it with this sending set? Yes, it moves. Aim it
at the nearest pile of containers. That’s right Now send
a bullet into them.”

  “Not yet,” said Manvel. He was spinning the dials
below the larger screen. Suddenly he stepped back from
the apparatus, disclosing another image.

  It was of the narrow, deep crater where the fuel was
hidden, and they seemed to be looking down upon it from
the height of a mile or so. Even as they gazed, there were
several ripples of movement. Six small short-shot rockets
of speedy design slowed down and landed carefully at
various points along the lip of the opening.

  “There they are,” said Manvel softly. “Von Rickopf
is making ready to chase us.”

  A dozen space-suited figures emerged from the ships and
grouped around the spot where the ladder extended down-
ward. Still Manvel did not move to discharge the gun
reflected on the other screen.

  “Why do you wait?” asked O’Grady.

  Manvel was looking at the shadowy forms that climbed
down into the crater. They were men with whom he had
eaten and slept for weeks.

  “I’d much rather that you’d—■” he began.

  “Which control will do the job?” demanded O’Grady.

  Manvel pointed silently. Stepping forward O’Grady
caught the handle of the switch he indicated and pushed
it shut with a quick motion.

  The screen wa9 swept by a blinding flash of light that
gave way to billowing clouds of smoke. The two men
watched, fascinated. The vapors grew thinner, and they
could see the gray landscape again, now littered with
great masses of riven rock. Of the peak and the crater
little remained; of the ships and men, nothing at all.

  Manvel reached out mechanically and clicked the power
off. Again the screen darkened.

  O’Grady put his hand on the boy’s shoulder. He could
feel the tenseness that possessed the whole young body.

  “Go forward,” he said. “Get Stitt to help you and get
rid of that fuse Von Rickopf put in the storage tank.”

  Manvel straightened into a position of attention. For
the first time since their acquaintance he raised his hand
to his forehead, saluting O’Grady as a superior.

  “Right, sir,” he said briskly, and turning walked out
of the compartment

  The detective went back to his controls. He studied the
figures in the book and looked at the dials and indicators.
So far they had been traveling in a straight line, but now
the time had come when they could begin to curve out,
away from Earth and Moon, toward the planet Venus.

  He began operating his controls carefully. The indi-
cators showed that the big craft responded to his touch
properly. At last he leaned back in his chair, his work
done for the moment.

  Forty days! That was the time the scientists had set
for the undertaking—forty days to Venus. He could di-
vide the men into two twelve hour watches of three each,
but he himself, the only navigator, could count on only
the briefest snatches of sleep and relaxation until the voy-
age was over. And then what?

  Musing, he remembered the thoughts that had been his
when, five days ago, he found the crater and learned Von
Rickopfs secret Then he had foreseen an adventure that
would overshadow all his other experiences in twenty
years of service.

  Already he had found the adventure, and as an adven-
ture, it had just begun.

THE END
 THE VOICE IN THE VOID

 mm

                                                      ^UUUUp

 By Clifford D. Simak

^	r	'	(Illustration by Paul)

    The priest was bathed for a second in a blue lurid flame that lapped over him from head
to foot. He wavered in front of me, shriveled and blackened.
THE VOICE IN THE VOID

 By the author of “The World of the Red Sun,”
 “Mutiny on Mercury,” etc.

      WOULD give my left eye to have a chance at study-

  J|_ ing the bones of Kell-Rabin,” I said.

      Kenneth Smith grunted.

  “You would give more than your left eye,” he grumbled.
“Yes, you would give a damn sight more than your left
eye, whether you want to or not.”

  Ice tinkled in his glass as he drank and then twirled the
goblet in his hand.

  We were sitting on the terrace of the Terrestrial Club
and far in the distance, on the
Mount of Athelum, we could see the
lights of the Temple of Saldebar,
where reposed the famous bones
that were worshipped by the entire
Martian nation. In the shallow
valley at our feet flowed the multi-
colored lights of Dantan, the great
Martian city, second to the largest
on the planet and first in import-
ance in interplanetary trade.

  Several miles to the north the
huge, revolving beacons of the space
port, one of the largest in the uni-
verse, flashed, cutting great swaths
in the murky night, great pencils of
light that could be seen hundreds
of miles above the face of the plan-
et, a lamp set in the window to
guide home the navigators of icy
space.

  It was a beautiful and breath-
taking scene, but I was not proper-
ly impressed. There were others
on the terrace, talking
and smoking, drinking
and enjoying the pure
beauty of the scene
Btretched out before
them. Try as hard as
I might, however, to
keep from doing so,
my eyes would stray
from the lighted city
and the lights of the
port to the faint glim-
mer that came like a
feeble candle beam
from the Temple of
Saldebar, set on the top
of the highest, and one
of the few remaining
mountains of the Red
Planet.

  I was thinking dan-
gerous thoughts. I
knew they were danger-
ous. It is always dangerous for an outlander to become
too interested in the sacred things of an alien race.

  “Yes,” continued my friend slowly, “you would give
more than a left eye. If you went monkeying around up
there you would probably lose both of your eyes, one at
a time in the most painful manner possible. Probably
they’d put salt in where your eyes had been. Probably
you’d lose your tongue too and they’d probably carve

CLIFFORD D. SIMAK

 cc

   IT is always dangerous for an outlander to be-
 come too interested in the sacred things of an
 alien race,” says our author in this intriguing story.
 And then he goes on to show what would happen
 when curious men risk life and limb to satisfy that
 craving to penetrate forbidden mysteries.

   It is the curiosity and restlessness of the race
 that is luring us on to face the dangers of space
 and other worlds, that will drive us to fathom the
 innermost secrets of the planets. We will not, we
 cannot stop from examining every bit of nature,
 be it near or far. And certainly upon other planets
 if there be a highly developed race with an an-
 cient civilization, our explorers will be tempting
 fate if they do not restrain themselves. In this
 story, restraint is thrust aside, and there results an
 amazing series of adventures that will thrill and
 delight you to the last word.

you up considerable and try a little fire and some acid.
By the time they got ready to kill you, which they would
do artistically, you’d be glad for death.”

  “I gather,” I retorted, “that it would be dangerous k>
try for a look at Kell-Rabin’s skeleton, then.”
“Dangerous! Say, it would be plain suicide. You
don’t know these Martians as I do. You have studied
them and pried into their history, but I have been high-
balling around from space port to space port for a dozen
years or more and I have come to
know them differently. A fine peo-
ple to trade with and as courteous
and polite as you would want, but
they have tabus and Kell-Rabin is
their biggest. You know that as
well as I. They’re a funny people
to look at. It takes some time to
get acquainted with them, but
they aren’t a bad lot. Get their
dander up, though, and look out!
Why, it isn’t safe to speak the name
of Kell-Rabin. I, for one, wouldn’t
think of uttering it where a Martian
could hear me.”

  “We’ll grant all that,” I replied,
“but will you stop to consider for
an instant what it would mean to
me, who have spent my life study-
ing the Martian race, to know what
sort of a man or thing this Kell-
Rabin may have been. One glimpse
of those bones might serve
to settle once for all the
origin of the present
Martian race; it might
serve to determine
whether or not the race
descended along prac-
tically the same lines
as we of the Earth; it
might even open new
angles of thought to
the entire situation.”
“A n d,” grumbled
Ken, “have you ever
stopped to consider
that the bones of Kell-
Rabin are to the Mar-
tians what a bit of
wood from the true
cross would be to a
Christian or a hair
from the beard of the
Prophet -would mean
to a Moslem? Did you
ever consider that ev-
ery man with a drop of Martian blood in his veins would
fight to the death to protect the relic against foreign
hands?”

  “You’re too serious about it,” I told him, “I know how
much chance I’ll ever have of seeing them.”

  “Well,” replied my friend, “someday I may knock off
for a while and try my hand at rifling the tomb.”
384	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  “If you do,” I said, “let me know. I’ll be anxious to
have a look.”

  He laughed and rose to his feet. I heard his footsteps
go ringing across the floor of the terrace.

  I sat in my chair and gazed out at the feeble gleam of
the Martian temple, set there on its mountain, towering
above the weird landscape of the fourth planet. I thought
upon the temple and the bones nf Kell-Rabin.

  In the mighty temple of Saldebar, the revered skeleton
has lain for ages, from time that had long since been for-
gotten. Through all of recorded Martian history, a his-
tory many thousands of years older than that of the Earth,
the bones had lain there, guarded by the priests and wor-
shipped by an entire planet. In the mass of legend and
religion that had become attached to the Most Holy Relic,
the true identity of Kell-Rabin had been lost The only
persons who might have any idea of what that mythical
thing had been were the priests and perhaps even they did
not know.

  “Quit thinking about it,” I told myself fiercely, but I
could not.

  Exactly three weeks later I was served with deportation
papers because I had attempted, in a perfectly legitimate
manner through the civil and ecclesiastical authorities, to
obtain permission to study the Temple of Saldebar under
the supervision of the Priestly Council.

  I had shown, the deportation papers stated, “an unusual
and disconcerting curiosity in the Martian religion.” The

Eapers also specifically stated that I was not to return to
lars under the pain of death.

  It was a terrible blow to me. For years I had worked
on Mars. I was recognized as one of the greatest living
authorities on modern Martian civilization and in the
course of my work, I had gathered a great deal of in-
formation concerning the ancient history of the planet.

   I had Martian friends in' high offices, but I found they
were no longer my friends when I attempted to approach
them, hoping they might intercede with a word in my
favor. All but one absolutely refused to see me and that
one openly insulted me, with a dirty smirk on his face as
he did it, almost as if he was glad misfortune had fallen
my way.

  The Earth ambassador shook his head when I talked
with him.

  “There’s nothing I can do for you, Mr. Ashby,” he said.
“I regret deeply my inability. You know the Martians,
however. No one should know them better than you.
You have committed a mistake. To them it was the
greatest breach of faith possible. There is nothing I can
do.”

  As I stood upon the deck of the liner, whirling rapidly
away from the planet I had devoted my life to, I silently,
and unconsciously, shook a fist at its receding bulk.

  “Someday—sometime—,” I muttered, but that was mere-
ly to soothe my tortured pride. I never really meant to
do anything.

I SAW the familiar, sun-tanned face of Kenneth Smith in
the visor of the visaphone.

  “Well,” he said, “I have them!”

  “Have what, Ken?” I asked

  “I have,” he said slowly, “the bones of Kell-Rabin!”

  My heart seemed to rise up in my throat and choke me.
My face must have gone the shade of cold ashes and my
mouth was suddenly so dust-dry that I could not speak.

   A great fear, minglea with an equally great elation, rose
in me and seemed to overwhelm me. I stared, open
mouth, gasping, into the visor. My hand trembled and
I think that my entire body shook like a leaf in a gale.

  “You look as if you had seen a ghost,” jeered Ken on
the other end of the connection.

  I gulped and attempted to speak. At last I succeeded.
My voice was hardly more than a whisper.

  “I have,” I said, “I have seen the ghosts of legions of
Martians rising from their graves in protest.”

  “Let them rise,” snarled the man in the visor, “we
have the damned bones, haven’t we. We’ll make them
squeal plenty to get them back.”

  There was a hardness, a grimness, a death-head quality
in his voice that had never been there before.

  “Why what is the matter, Ken?” I asked, “Where have
you been?”

  “I have been in the Grondas Desert in Mars,” he said.
“Prospecting. Found a deposit of pitchblende that was
simply lousy with radium. It would have made me one
of the richest men in the universe.”

  “Why, that’s good news ...”

  “It isn’t good news,” replied Ken and the hardness was
in his voice again. “The Martian government took it from
me and I only got out by the skin of my teeth. Some
damn clause or other in an old treaty about foreigners
not being allowed any radium rights on the planet.”

  “That’s too bad,” I comforted.

  “Too bad,” he grinned like a foul monster of the pit,
“It is not too bad. The Martians will pay ten times what
that pitchblende deposit was worth to get these blessed
bones back. The laugh is on the other horse now. In the
meantime come over and have a look. I am staying at
the Washington. The box is still shut I thought you
would enjoy opening it.”

  I snapped off the connection and clutched at the edge
of the desk. I was alternately hot and cold. This meant
. . . what did it mean? Kenneth Smith had robbed the
Martian nation of the thing that was most highly prized
on the entire planet. Not only Kenneth Smith, but myself.
Not for a moment did I doubt but our short talk on the
terrace of the Terrestrial Club three years before had
prompted my friend’s mad theft. My words had suggest-
ed to him the supreme revenge which he had taken on
the crooked little men of Mars, our neighbors in space
and our friends by treaty.

  I felt little remorse. Given the chance I would probably
have done the same thing, not merely because of my de-
sire to inspect those famous bones, but for much the same
reason as had prompted Ken. My summary dismissal from
Mars and the closing of its hospitality to me forever had
been a great blow to my pride and the hurt still rankled
deeply. The Martians had played rotten tricks on both
myself and my friend. I did not think of any possible
wrong that we may have done the Martians. In fact,
from that angle of it, I felt a satisfaction that became
keener every moment This, in a way, was my revenge as
much as Ken’s.

  I felt, however, an inexplicable terror, a dreadful fore-
boding. The fountain-head of the Martian religion had
been profaned and I could imagine what would be the
fate of those who had stolen the Holy Remains, if cap-
tured by the Martians. That they immediately had dis-
covered the theft and were even now on the trail, I did
not doubt. I shivered in sheer physical horror at think-
ing of the sinister little crooked folks seeking me out.

  They would demand that the Terrestrial authorities de-
liver us to their courts as a last resort, but only as a last
resort. The Martians are a proud people and would not
readily disclose a tale that would make them the laughing
stock of the universe. It was with the priests of Mars
themselves that my friend and I would be concerned.

  I laughed and jerked open a drawer in the desk. My
hand reached in and closed about something that was
metallic and cold. I drew it out and slipped it into one
THE VOICE

of my pockets. There might be need of a weapon and
the little electro-gun that hurled living thunderbolts was
the most effective weapon the worlds had developed. Not
even the Martians, for all their centuries of a wonderful
mechanical civilization, had anything that would com-
pare with it. The gun was an Earth secret and only Earth-
men carried it.

I ROSE to my feet and laughed again, the bitter laugh of
a conqueror who knows that his victory is empty, that
he may, before the next dawn, face a firing squad. It was
a great victory, a supreme insult to the Martians. Neither
my friend nor I had any cause to love the people of the
ruddy planet and both of us had ample for which to hate
them. It had been foolish of Ken to steal the bones of
Kell-Rabin, but it had been a master stroke ... if one did
not count the consequences.

  I let myself out and rode to the ground floor. From
there I took an aero-taxi straight to the Washington.

  Ken let me in and bolted the door behind me. Then
we grasped hands and stood for a long time looking into
one another’s eyes.

  “You shouldn’t have done it, Ken,” I said.

  “Don’t worry so much about it,” he replied, “I would
have done it anyhow. I just remembered what you had
said, how anxious you were to see those bones. I would
have thought of it, anyhow, for after that radium affair,
I sat down and tried hard to think of how I could best
humiliate the whole nation that had palmed that sort of
deal off on me. Only, if it hadn’t been for you, I would
have dropped the cursed box out in space somewhere. If
they could find it out there, say, half way between Earth
and Mars, I wouldn’t have begrudged it to them. As it
is, I have brought it here. You can study those damned
bones to your heart’s content”

HE turned to lead the way to an inner room of the
suite.

  “It was the rottenest thing imaginable,” he was telling
me, “They let me find that deposit and then took it away
from me. Confiscated it... threatened me with death if I
made a fuss about it Said they were letting me off easy,
because there is a ten-year imprisonment clause in that
old treaty to deal with any foreigner who does not im-
mediately report such a discovery to the proper officials.
They knew I was working on it all the time and never
a word did they say.”

  He halted and wheeled to face me.

  “For two years I worked there in that blazing hell of
a desert. I went hungry and thirsty part of the time and
went through the sieges of desert fever. I fought heat and
red dust, poisonous reptiles and insects, loneliness and
near-insanity. I lost three fingers on my left hand when
I poisoned them on some sort of a damn desert weed. I
found it, tons upon tons of it, I have no idea how many
and fairly rotten with radium. One cargo alone would
have put me at the top of the world.

  “All I would have had to do was snap my fingers and
the solar system would bow its knee. I worked, went
through two years of Martian desert; I lost my youth, three
fingers, and two years of living . . . for what? For what,

I	ask you? So that some bloated Martian official might
glut his hideous belly, so that he might weigh down some
simpering female with precious stones, and give great
gifts to the priests who guarded the skeleton of a thing
that should have been dust long ago!”

  His face was livid with rage. The man was insane!
This was not the Ken Smith I had last seen only a few
years before. It was another man, a man crazed by the
horrible heat and the ghastly loneliness of the red reaches
of Mars, a man embittered beyond human endurance by

IN THE VOID	385

 the scurvy injustice of an alien people who never had and
 never could understand the people of the Earth.

   He jerked his arm above his head and pointed at the
 ceiling, and through the ceiling, out into the blind dark-
 ness of space where among the swarms of celestial lights
 a red star glowed.

   “When they find out,” he shouted, “they’ll fear! Damn
 them, their stinking little souls will shrivel up inside of
 them. They will know the blasted hope and the terror
 that I have known. They are a religious people and I
 have taken their religion! I, the man they ruined, have
 taken the thing that is most precious to them. Someday,
 if they don’t find out, I’ll let them know, let them know
 that I rattled the musty bones of Kell-Rabin in their holy
 box and laughed at the sound they made!”

   There was no doubt of it The man was mad, a raving
 lunatic.

   “And if they want them badly, as badly as I think they
 do,” he said in a whisper, “perhaps I’ll return them . . .
 at ten times the worth of my radium mine. I’ll bankrupt
 them. I’ll make them grub in their dirty soil for the
 next hundred years to pay the price I’ll ask. And always
 they will know that a man of the Earth has rattled the
 bones of Kell-Rabin! That will hurt!”

   “Man,” I shouted at him, “are you entirely insane?
 They know now, they must know. Why, the box is gone.
 Even now they must be searching throughout the whole
 solar system for it.”

   “They do not know,” replied my friend, “I took steps.

 I	knew I would have no chance, even in my own ship,
 to make a getaway if they found out at once. There is
 another box, exactly like the one that holds the bones of
 Kell-Rabin, in the Temple of Saldebar, but it is an empty
 box ... a box that I made and put there. I secreted my-
 self in the temple and took photographs with an electro-
 camera and with those photos as my guide, I worked
 for weeks to make another box just like it, except for one
 thing. On one corner of that other box there is carved
 a message, a message to the priests of Mars, and when
 one of them finds that message, they will know that the
 bones of Kell-Rabin are gone.”

   A sonorous voice filled the room.

   “We have found the message, Kenneth Smith,” it said,
 “and we are here to take the Holy Relic and you.”

   We whirled about and there, standing just within the
 room, was a priest of Mars, dressed in all his picturesque
 habiliments. In his hand he held a vicious little heat
 weapon.

   Looking beyond him, I saw that the lock of the door
 had been melted away. Funny how a man will notice a
 little thing like that even in the most exciting moments.

   The priest was slow with his gun. I believe that, even
 with my gun in my pocket, I could have beaten him to it
 Priests are not supposed to be compelled to use a gun.

   I	knew, as I faced him, that quick death from his weapon
 was preferable to capture, and my hand went to my
 pocket. It was not more than half way out when a
 thunderous crash split the air.

   Kenneth Smith held his gun in his hand. It was as if
 it had been there all the time. He was fast with his
 weapon, too fast for the Martian priest
 The priest was crumpled on the floor, a charred mass of
 flesh. The odor of burned hair and skin mingled with the
 sharp tang of ionized air.

   There was a scurry in the other room and through the
 doorway we saw another priest bounding toward the hall.
 We fired simultaneously and the figure collapsed in mid-
 air to lie smoking on the floor.

   “That’s frying them!” I gasped, the words jerked out of
 my mouth by the suddenness of the events.

   “We have to get out of here,” snapped Ken. “Quick,
386	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

up to the roof. It’s only two stories up. I have a small
flier there.”

CHAPTER II
Fugitives

DROPPPING his gun in his pocket, he raced into the
adjoining room. While I stood, stunned and hardly
knowing where to go, he re-appeared and under his arm
was tucked a box about three feet in length.

  He grasped me by the arm and we hurdled the two
smoking bodies to gain the corridor. Doore were opening
and heads were popping out of the rooms. Below us we
heard the hurried tramp of feet and one of the elevator
dials showed that a caga was rapidly ascending.

  We bounded for the sfairs and clattered upward. As
we gained the roof an excited horde of people burst
from the elevator on the floor below us. One man got in
our way as we raced across the roof to the little red plane
that belonged to Ken. I bowled him over with a straight
left and we hurried on.

  We scrambled into the plane and Ken stepped on the
starter. The motors whined and the machine stirred.
Toward us raced a number of people. Two of them, a
few feet in advance of the others, reached the plane and
threw themselves upon it in a vain attempt to retard its
progress. As we gathered speed they rolled off and the
machine zoomed up.

  We broke every traffic rule that was ever written as we
spun crazily off the landing field at the top of the hotel
and hurtled into the upper levels. Irate taxi-pilots shout-
ed at us and more than one man at the controls of pas-
senger planes and freighters must have held their breath
as we zigzagged past them at a speed that was prohibited
in these crowded levels above the city. Twice traffic planes
speeded after us and each time we eluded them. No pilot
other than Kenneth Smith, space rover extraordinary,
could have sent that little red ship on its mad flight and
come out with a whole skin.

  In half an hour we had cleared the city and were fly-
ing over the country. We knew that the murder of the
Martian priests had been discovered and that the descrip-
tion of our plane, and possibly a description of our per-
sons, was being broadcast the length and breadth of the
land. Every police ship would be on an outlook for
us.

  Night, however, was coming on and it was on this fact
that we relied for a clean getaway. A half hour before
darkness fell, when twilight was creeping over the lower
valleys of the earth, we sighted a golden circle on the
wing of a ship far behind us, upon which we had turned
our ’scope and knew that the police were on our trail.
Before the other ship could gain on us appreciably, dark-
ness cloaked us and, flying without lights, we tore madly
on.

  An hour later the moon slipped above the horizon and
by its light we saw that we had reached the Rocky Moun-
tains and were flying over their jagged ranges.

  We held a council of war. A wide search was being
conducted for us. The killing of the two priests, on the
face of it, must have appeared to be one of the most
heinous crimes imaginable, one that was of interplanetary
importance, and no stone would be left unturned to appre-
hend us. The red plane was easily recognizable. There
was only one thing to do; abandon the ship before we were
sighted.

  A moment later two figures, one clutching a wood and
metal box, plunged down out of the speeding ship, drop-
ped sickeningly for a moment and then gently floated as
the valves of the parachutes were turned on. A red plane,

  throttle wide open, stick lashed back, and with no occu-
pants plunged on its mad course. Two months later I
learned that the wreck had been found the next morning
some hundred miles from where we had leaped into space.

  It was a wild and desolate place where we had chosen
to drop out of the plane. Easily we guided ourselves to
earth and closed the parachute valves as our feet touched
ground. There was the strong, aromatic scent of pine in
the air and a strong breeze sighed dismally through the
tree-tops. Rocks rolled under my feet as I moved.

  We found a dense thicket of a low growing evergreen
shrub and hiding ourselves in it, fell into a troubled
sleep, waking when the slanting rays of the sun reached
between the needles and touched our faces.

  Several times that morning, as we tried to decide what
to do, I was tempted to pry loose the cover and view the
contents of the box which was reputed to contain the
bones of the famous Kell-Rabin. I was afraid to do 60,
however. I feared that, upon being exposed to the air,
the precious bones would disintegrate into dust. The box,
when it was opened, must be in a laboratory, where proper

Sreservatives and apparatus would be directly at hand,
'pening the box, there, in that wild mountainous region,
was too much of a gamble. I decided to wait.

  Hunger at last drove us forth and we were fortunate
enough to bring down a small buck with a reduced
charge from Ken’s electro-gun. We had no salt, but ate the
meat, charred over the fire, like ravenous wolves. We
found berries and ate them.

  For weeks we staggered through the mountains, lug-
ging our precious box. Neither of us would have thought
of discarding it, for to Ken it meant revenge and a fab-
ulous fortune in ransom and to me it meant a chance to
probe deeper into the mysteries of the Martian race and
a revenge, which I desired only a little less than my half-
mad friend. So, although it galled our shoulders and
was a dead weight that made our hard way even harder,
we clung tenaciously to it.

E grew beards and I developed a tan that was only
a shade lighter than Ken had acquired on the parched
deserts of Mars. Pounds of superfluous flesh fell fronr
us and our faces became thinner. I doubt if anyone
other than close acquaintances would have known us.

  So at last we came to a lonely little town set in the hills
and while Ken mounted guard over the box at its out-
skirts, I entered the town. There I purchased a shabby
old-fashioned trunk from the hardware and furniture
dealer and appropriate clothes from the one clothing store
the place boasted.

  That evening, when the east bound plane soared down
out of the sky it found two mountaineers, bewhiskered
and ragged, who were silent, as all strong men of the open
spaces are supposed to be, but who made it known they
had struck it “rich” and were going to the cities for a
spree. Their only baggage consisted of one trunk of an-
cient vintage.

  In Chicago we purchased a strong box and in it placed
the box containing the Martian bones. Half an hour later
the strong box was placed in a safety deposit vault in the
First Lunar bank and duplicate keys were delivered to
Ken and myself. We did not deem it wise to have the box
in our possession until the police had dropped their
search for us. Reasoning that we would hardly be ex-
pected to return so shortly to the city from which we had
escaped, we decided to remain there.

  The day we placed the box in the vault, we checked
out of the hotel. We next visited a certain man who lived
in one of the least fashionable parts of the city. We left
behind us a sum of money, but walked away entirely dif-
ferent men. We were no longer Kenneth Smith and Robert
THE VOICE IN THE VOID	387

Ashby whom the world had known nor were we the beard-
ed mountaineers who had boarded the east bound flier with
a single trunk as baggage. Our features were a work of
art. There were little plates, which could be removed
instantly, but which caused no discomfort, in our nostrils
and in our cheeks. Our hair was cut differently and train-
ed to lie just so, under the persuasion of an intricate
machine. It was a simple disguise and an effective one.
During the next few weeks I met friends of mine face
to face on the street and there was not even the faint-
est gleam of recognition in their eyes.

  We established residence in a modest little residential
district and bided our time. When the murder of the two
Martian priests had blown over, we would act.

  And then one day Ken did not return to our lodging3.
I waited for him for hours, then started a systematic and
careful search. A week brought no results. He had not
been arrested, his body had not been found, he was in
no hospital, he had not taken any plane.

  I was forced to face the apparent facts. The Martians
had captured my friend!

  A death sentence awaited me the moment I set foot on
Martian soil. I had been absolutely forbidden to visit the
planet again.

  But I did return. I held my breath as I was passed through
the customs office. Would my disguise, which had been
so effective on Earth, continue to serve me on Mars? The
examination, however, was perfunctory, and I was passed.
I had declared myself a business man on a pleasure trip,
one of the innumerable swarm of tourists who each year
shake off the shackles of a prosaic Earth to enjoy the
weird offerings of the alien planet.

  I stood once more on the soil of the Red Planet. Once
more I was face to face with the nation before which Ken
Smith and myself had thrown the gauge of battle. My
business was a grim one, a mission of rescue, perhaps of
revenge. My destination was the Temple of Saldebar.

  My friend had told me much of the temple. Hour after
hour we had talked of it. Printed indelibly upon my mind
was the route which my friend had twice followed when
he had filched the bones of Kell-Rabin. Carefully 1 laid
my plans which were, necessarily, a duplication of the
same plans which Ken had made and carried out success-
fully. For the second time in the history of the planet
an alien was planning to enter the Holy of Holies by the
same route that the first had followed.

•	# #

  The Mount of Athelum was shrouded in darkness. Two
hours before the sun had slipped over the rim of the

Eilanet and it would be another hour before Deimos, the
arger moon of Mars, would rise.

  I shivered in the cold wind that roared up from the
desert below and wrapped my black cloak tighter about
me. In their holsters at my belt were two electro-guns
and in my hand, attached to my wrist by a leather thong
was a stick with a weighted end, an ugly and a silent
weapon. In my jacket pocket rested a small flash and
a package of concentrated food wafers. I did not know
for how long I would have to lurk in the great dark tem-
ple which reared its massive walls before me, before I
found he whom I sought or was at last convinced he was
not there.

  It was past the usual hour for worship and still I
waited. I had no desire to enter the place when it swarmed
with pilgrims and worshippers. I preferred to wait until
there was no longer any doubt that the temple was oc-
cupied only by the priests. It was also necessary that
I strike at the hour when guards were changed, for once
a clubbed guard was discovered a general search would
be started and I would have to go into hiding and hope
for the best. That I could get in the building without

clubbing one or more of the guards, I knew, was an im-
possibility.

  Like a great glittering jewel set in the black pool of the
night, I could see the lights of Dantan in the distance and
I chuckled with a fiendish glee when I tried to imagine
what an uproar the city would be in if the populace of
Mars and of the Earth knew of the theft of the holy bones
and the sacrilege of the temple. The matter of the theft
had been kept a secret. The Martian government and the
priestly clan did not relish publicity on a thing of that
sort

SOMEDAY, perhaps, as the one final act of revenge, I
would broadcast the news to the ends of the solar
system. I would set every land, from the little mining
settlements on Mercury to the last trading outposts in
the frozen fastnesses of Pluto on ear with the news. The
Martian and his religion would become the laughing stock
of the universe. Perhaps, then, too late, the high officials
and the priests would wish that they had dealt more
leniently with myself and my friend. It was something
good to think about as I squatted in the darkness outside
the temple, waiting my time to strike. Perhaps I was a
bit insane. Probably I still am.

  A ringing voice cried out in the darkness and a light
flashed briefly in a niche in the temple wall. Another
voice answered. There was a ceremonial clash of swords,
which the priests carried while on guard as emblems of
their post.

  Guards were being changed. From far down the tem-
ple wall came another challenge and another reply, fol-
lowed by the clash of steel. It was all ceremony and cus-
tom. The setting of the guard, like the carrying of the
sword, was a survival from dim, forgotten days.

  On this night, however, I thought grimly, there would
be need of guards.

  Softly I moved forward to gain the denser shadow of
the wall and with my left hand touching the rough stones,
crept slowly along its edge. Several times I stopped to
stare and listen, straining my eyeballs and ears. My pre-
sence, I was convinced, was unsuspected, but I was tak-
ing no chances. A Martian temple of any sort, and espec-
ially the Temple of Saldebar, is a dangerous place for an
Earthman.

  My clutching fingers, feeling along the wall slightly
above and before my head, found a break in the stone and
I knew that I had reached the postern gate which I had
selected for my entrance to the temple.

  Holding my breath for fear that the guard on duty
there might hear it, I peered cautiously around the edge
of the niche in which the gate was set. Like a graven
image, upright, holding the ritualistic position of a Mar-
tian temple guard, the fellow stood there directly in front
of the gate. The point of the massive sword rested on the
stone flagging at his feet and both hands gripped the hilt.

  I gathered myself together, gripped the edge of the wall
tightly with my fingers to aid in directing my leap, took
a firmer grip on the end of the lead-weighted club, and
sprang.

  The guard never lifted the point of the sword from the
ground. I doubt if he recognized me as an Earthman at
all. As I loomed in front of him, my club, which had
whirled through an arc as I leaped, descended viciously on
his skull. I caught his falling body with my left arm and
my right hand closed in an iron grip over his mouth to
strangle any sound that he might make. Easily 1 laid
him on the flagging and moved to the door. With ray hand
on the heavy latch I stopped a moment to consider donning
the clothes of the dead guard, but decided not to do so.
His robes would hinder my movements and my greater
size would betray me as quickly as my earthly dress.
388	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  The hinges of the door creaked slightly as I let myself
in, but the slight sound must have gone unheeded, for
nothing happened, although I waited for long minutes,
poised to flee upon the slightest indication of any dis-
turbance.

  The corridor into which the door lead was pitch black
and when I closed the door behind me I was seized for a
moment with that indescribable terror that descends upon
one when facing danger in darkness. For a split second
I wanted to use my flash, but I knew, even as I wanted to
do it, that even the faintest glimmer of light might be-
tray me and foil ray plans.

  From my talks with Ken, who had twice passed this way
to rob the temple of its precious relic, I was fairly well
acquainted with the route which I was to take to gain the
great hall in the center of the temple. I knew that the
corridor in which I stood ran straight ahead for a matter
of two hundred paces and then veered sharply, almost at
a right angle, to the left.

  I was to follow the corridor until I gained another,
which was more extensively used and which was lighted.
There was little danger, 1 knew, to be expected in the dark
corridor. It was after I had gained the second corridor
that I would have to exercise the utmost caution. With
my hand trailing along the wall of the corridor, I moved
forward, tiptoeing so that the sound of my footsteps would
be deadened.

  I came to the turn in the corridor and saw a faint light
in the distance where it entered the second corridor. Cau-
tiously I moved forward, keeping sharp watch on all
eides.

CHAPTER III

The Man Without a Body

NEAR to the floor on the left wall my eyes made out a
small patch of light and I stopped stock still to
study it and try to determine its origin. I was unable
to do so until I slithered across from the right wall, which
I was hugging, to the left 6ide and then I saw that the patch
of light came from a small oblong chink in the right wall.
Apparently the wall separated the corridor from another
room and a chunk of stone had fallen from it.

  Straining my ears, I heard a mumble of voices. Martian
voices, apparently coming from the room which the light
streamed through the hole in the wall.

  Determined to find what was transpiring in the room,
I slid forward along the wall.

  Only a matter of half a dozen feet from the hole, I
was suddenly arrested in my tracks. My foot was lifted
to take another step forward and I did not lower it. I
was like a pointer who has suddenly ran afoul of a bird.
I believe that my ears actually moved forward a little, as
I tried to catch again the words which I had heard.

  Then, distinctly and as if the speaker were almost at
my elbow, came other words, spoken in English and in a
voice that I knew ... the voice of the man I sought, Ken
Smith!

  “No, damn you. You’ll rot in Hell before I tell you.
I rattled them in their filthy box. Rattled them and
laughed when I heard them rattle. I rattled them, do you
understand, blast your filthy souls. They’re only bones,
musty, rotten bones, like the bones of my body over there
will be in a few weeks and like your bones will be when
you die ...”

  The voice had risen, shriller and shriller, to suddenly
break in a terrible scream of pain that brought cold per-
spiration out of every pore in my body.

  The screaming ended and I heard the rumble of a Mar-
tian voice.

  “Kenneth Smith, you will tell us where the holy skele-
ton of Kell-Rabin is. Not until then will we give you a
merciful release. Remember, we could leave you here,
with the current turned on, high . . . higher than it was
just now, and forget about you for years. Perhaps then
you would tell us. You are immortal, you will never die.
Could you endure an eternity of torture?”

  Again I heard the voice of my friend, high and shrill.

  “I will tell you where the bones are ... I will tell you.”

  I could almost see the breathless suspense of those who
were on the other side of the wall.

     .. I will tell you where the bones of Kell-Rabin are—
when your stinking planet has dissolved into bloody dust
and floats among the stars.”

  The rumble of Martian voices boomed out like the angry
beat of a drum. The screaming began again, rising until
it seemed that it would burst the ear-drums.

  With a leap I was at the hole in the wall and my fingers
hooked themselves on the edge of a great block. With
all my strength I tore at it and felt it give beneath my
hands. Frantically I tugged and it came free. Madly I
battered at other blocks, pulling them out, fighting madly
to clear a space large enough to admit my body.

  All the time the horrible agonized screaming beat upon
my brain and urged me to greater effort. The scream-
ing, too, drowned out the sound of crunching masonry and
falling blocks of stone.

  A last block came free and I leaped through the gap.
Even as I leaped, my hands sought the holsters and before
my feet hit the floor I had both electro-guns out.

  It was a strange tableau that confronted me. On a
fable to one side of the room lay a naked human body,
with the skull split open, the face gone, and the neck hor-
ribly mangled. On another table, about which were
grouped five Martian priests, stood a small machine, at-
tached by two wires to a transparent cylinder about three
feet in height.

  It was the cylinder, however, that held my eye and struck
terror deep into my soul. It was filled with some sort of
milky liquid and in the liquid floated a naked, pulsating
human brain. Just below the brain hung a face, the face
of Ken Smith! His features were distorted in pain, from
the cylinder rose the shrill screams of torture. Below the
face trailed a portion of the spinal cord and what were
apparently the voice organs.

  I went mad with terror and anguish at the scene before
me. In two leaps I was at the table where the cylinder
sat, had swept away the astonished priest who stood in my
way, and flipped up the switch of the tiny mechanism be-
side the cylinder. Abruptly the transparency of the cy-
linder faded and the screaming was cut short. As I swung
away from the table to face the priests, who were swiftly
recovering from their astonishment at my appearance, I
saw, out of the corner of my eye, that the cylinder had as-
sumed a solid shape, a dull-grey, metallic shade.

  The priests surged forward, but as I jabbed the two
guns forward, they fell back, murmuring.

  “One word out of you,” I hissed scarcely above a whisp-
er, “and I’ll fry you where you stand.”

  They understood. They had no arms and they knew
the reputation of the electro-guns. They knew, too, that a
Terrestrial, discovered in a Martian temple, would be des-
perate and that he would not hesitate to kill and kill ruth-
lessly.

  I racked my brain. I was in a quandary. If I killed the
priests and made a break, I might be able to win my way
out of the temple. I had found my friend, however, and I
could not leave him behind. When I went, the cylinder
and the little machine that operated it, must go also. I
could not leave Ken Smith, or what was left of Ken Smith,
THE VOICE IN THE VOID	389

to suffer indescribable torture at the hands of these fiends.
If the worst came to pass, I would train one of the guns
on the cylinder and deliberately blast what I had seen in
its milky contents out of existence. It would be better that
way than leaving it there in the hands of the Martians.

MY glance fell on the mutilated body that lay on the
second table. It was, I knew, the body of Ken Smith.
He had said something about “my body oyer there.” The
beastly men of Mars had stolen his brain and placed it
in a cylinder! They had said something about him being
immortal.

  The crooked little men before me had assumed the
stoical expression that characterizes the Martian race. All
of them were draped in the robes of high office. I smiled
grimly and they flinched at my smile. I had thought of
what a rare bag of birds I had flushed. Their lives lay in
a balance, lay at the end of my two gun-finger tips and
they knew it

  Show me how this mechanism works,” I ordered the
foremost one in a guarded whisper.

  The priest hesitated, but I made a peremptory motion
with one of the guns and he stepped quickly forward.

“One wrong move,” I warned him grimly, “and every-
one of you sizzle. I am here and I am leaving soon, with
this cylinder. Maybe I’ll let you live, maybe I won’t.”
The expressions on their faces never changed. They
had courage, you have to say that much for them.

  “What do you wish to know of the machine?” asked the
Martian who had stepped forward.

  “I want to talk to the man in the cylinder,” I said, “I
don’t want to torture him, you understand. I want to
talk to him."

  The priest reached out a hand toward the machine, but
I waved him back.

  “No,” I said, “You tell me what to do. If you direct
me falsely ...”

  I did not finish my threat He beat me to it He licked
his thin lips and nodded his head.

   I laid one of my guns on the table, where I could snatch
it up at a second’s notice, and reached out my hand to the
machine.

  “You must turn that red indicator back of the green
reading,” said the Martian. “Back of that the brain in the
cylinder has full exercise of its faculties and experiences
no ill effects. Above that mark torture begins. The ma-
chine is very simple ...”

  “Yes,” I said, it must be. But I am not interested in
the machine. I want to talk to my friend. Now what do
1 do”

“All that is necessary is to close the switch you opened.
My fingers closed over the switch and pushed it home.
My back was to the cylinder and I could not see what trans-
pired, but no scream came and I knew that the priest must
nave informed me correctly.

  “You there, Ken?” I asked.

  “Right here, Bob,” came the well-remembered voice.
“Listen closely, Ken,” I said, “We haven’t got much time.
Something may happen any moment. Have you any sug-
gestions for getting out of here.”

  “The way out through the corridor is clear?” asked
the voice of my friend.

  “So far as I know. The guard is dead.”

  “Then roast the priests and on your way out give me a
shot Promise, though, to finish the priests first. After
what they did to me . . .You understand. Eye for eye.
Blast their brains, rob them of this eternal life they’ve
given me. And be sure I’m done before you leave.”
“No, Ken,” I said, “I’m taking you.”

  “You’re crazy, Bob.”

  “I may be crazy,” I retorted, half angrily, “but either
both of us go out of here or neither of us go.”

  “But, Bob . . .”

  “We haven’t time to argue. You know the ropes better
than I do. Any suggestions?”

  “Alright, then. Shut me off. Disconnect the cylinder
from the machine and stick the machine in your pocket
You will need it ... or rather, I will. It is run on a
connection with any electric current Disconnect it from
the temple wiring. Wipe out the priests and stick me
under your arm. That’s all. If we get out, we get out
If we don’t, crack me up before you wash out.”

  “That’s talking,” I cheered him. “What these animals
have done to you doesn’t make any difference. We’re
still pals.”

  “Sure, we’re pals. Only you’ll have to do all the fight-
ing from now on.”

  My fingers were on the switch.

  “Just a second, Bob. I’ve thought of something. Think
you can carry two of these tanks?”

  “How heavy are they?"

  “I don’t know. Not so heavy, though.”

  The priests were moving uneasily and I shouted a sharp
command at them.

  “If you can do it,” droned the voice of my friend, “run
into that room just across from you. You can see the
door. There’s racks of tanks in there. Brains of dead
priests, you know. Take one of them. He may be a great
help.”

  “Okeh,” my hand started to lift the switch.

  “Don’t forget the priests. Damn them, give them . ..”
  The voice snapped short as I pulled the switch free.

  A latch clicked behind me and I swung about In the
doorway which opened from the second corridor stood an-
other priest Amazement was written all over his features.
He was opening his mouth to scream a warning when I
got him.

'T'HE blast had scarcely left the muzzle of the gun, when
-*■ I twisted back on my heel and not a moment too soon.
All five of the priests were rushing me. The muzzle of the
gun was not more than a few inches from the breast of the
foremost one when I depressed the trigger. The priest
was bathed for a second in a lurid blue flame that lapped
over him from head to foot; for an instant he wavered in
front of me, shrivelled and blackened and then fell, his
charred body breaking into pieces as it fell. The gun
crackled and roared and I imagine that the noise could be
heard even in the farthest corners of the temple. The
electro-gun is not a silent weapon.

  Two of the priests died only a few feet from me and the
third almost touched my throat with his skinny, twisted
hands before I could stick the gun into his stomach and
give him everything it had. He simply evaporated in a
flash of electrical energy that almost knocked me off my
feet

  Staggering from the shock, I caught sight of the last of
the priestly quintet rushing for the open door. My fin-
ger caught on the regulator and pushed it far over as I
fired. It was unintentional, but it was lucky for me that
it happened. Set at full charge, the gun hurled a living
thunderbolt across the room that snuffed the fleeting priest
out of existence and blasted the entire opposite wall of
the room into the outer corridor. Other masonry, falling
with resounding crashes, completely blocked the passage.

  The room reeked with the charnel odor of burned flesh
and the sickening stench of burning ozone. My ears were
dulled by the thunder of the electro-gun in that vaulted
room and my senses were reeling from the effects of the
electrical charges set off at close quarters. With deafen-
390	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

ing crashes the masonry was still falling in the outer pas-
sage. I heard faint cries from some other quarter of the
building and knew that the priests of Mars were aroused
and racing toward this section of the temple.

  Stumbling to the table I wrenched loose the connections
from the machine and thrust it in my pocket. I lifted the
cylinder and was surprised to find it so light.

  Then I remembered. I was to take another cylinder.
Had I the time? My friend had a good reason for want-
ing me to get one of the other cylinders. I was confident
of being able to fight my way through.

  I resolved to try it. Setting the cylinder back on the
table, I ran toward the door which Ken had indicated.
Halfway to it I jerked out one of the guns. There was no
need of fumbling with a lock now. Every second counted.
Training the gun on the lock as I ran, I pressed the trig-
ger. The heavy charge blasted away a section of the
door and, running at full tilt, I struck it, driving it open.
I sprawled into a room that was so large it at first be-
wildered me. In huge racks that left only alleyways be-
tween them, were piled cylinder on cylinder, identically
like the one in which the brain of Ken Smith reposed.

   I clutched at the one nearest at hand, hauled it from its
resting place and fled back into the other room.

  I could hear the enraged babble of the priests as they
worked frantically to clear the corridor which my shot had
blocked. There was no one in sight.

  With a cry of triumph, I swept up the cylinder which
contained all that was left of my friend, and raced for the
breach I had made between the room and the dark cor-
ridor.

  Once in it, I ran swiftly until I believed myself to be
near the sharp turn. Throwing caution to the winds, I
brought out my flash and cut the darkness with a swath
of light. Behind me I heard a shrill yell and a flame
pistol spat, but the distance was too great and the livid
tongue of fire that it flung out fell far short.

  With fear riding my shoulders, I tore on. The pistol
continued to spit. At the sharp turn in the corridor, I
halted and pocketed my flash, hauling forth one of my
guns. Quickly I stepped out from behind the projecting
wall and as quickly stepped back. In that swift second of
action I had swept the corridor behind me clean with an
electric charge that incinerated all in its path.

   Like a drunken man, I staggered out of the door into the
cold night. I almost stumbled over the body of the dead
guard, but righted myself and fled on. Behind me rose a
babble of fear and anger as the enraged and terrified
priests sought, too late, to cut off my escape.

  The darkness soon swallowed me and a half hour later
I was in a swift plane, which I had securely hidden the
day before, headed for the wildernesses deep in the Aran-
tian Desert. In the seat beside me were lashed two cy-
linders, identical in shape and size, but one held the brain
of an Earthman and the other the brain of a Martian.

            CHAPTER IV
            In the Desert

<*TT’S no use, Ken,” I said, “We’ve tried every way. It

  Awas just our luck that I had to pick a Martian who
died years before the Terrestrials came to Mars. Even
at that, he may know as much about it as any of the present
day priests. He has coughed up splendidly, especially
when I threatened to smash his cylinder with a hammer.
These Martians seem to love their eternal life in the cy-
linders. That made him turn himself inside out. But
all that he knows is how a brain is put into the cylinder.

He claims that it is impossible to take one out and put
it back into a body again.”

  I sat beside the cylinder in which floated the brain and
face of Kenneth Smith.

  “Yes, Bob,” came the voice of my friend out of the cy-
linder, the lips in the face moving ever so slightly, "it
looks as if I am here for the rest of my life, which our
Martian friend assures us is for eternity, once you get in-
side one of these things. Funny how they can do a thing
like that. Some sort of a chemical that keeps the brain
alive. I suppose Tarsus-Egbo has told you what it is.”
“Yes, he has. Was a bit reluctant about it, but I shoved
the indicator up and let him howl for exactly fifteen min-
utes by the chronometer. When I shut it off, he was ready
to tell me everything he knew about the composition of
the stuff.”

  “What do you plan to do now, Bob?”

  “That’s a hard question, Ken. I’d like to try to take
you back to Earth with me again, but that is almost an
impossibility, at least for a few years. The Martians are
going through every outgoing ship with a fine toothed
comb. Probably I could slip out myself—but a man
caught with one of these tanks! Boy, it would be just too
bad! If we could get back to Earth we could go right on
living as usual. Both of us are hunted men on Mars, for
the desecration of the temple and on Earth for killing the
two Martian priests, but we could manage somehow. I’m
sticking by you, though, no matter what happens.”

  “Stout chap,” said Ken, “If I ever get to be too much of
a burden, just hit the tank a crack and go about your way.”
“You know I’ll never do that, Ken. We’re pals, aren’t
we. If the Martians had stuck me instead of you into a
tank, you would have acted just as I am acting now. I’d
be a poor friend if I quit you now.”

  Silence reigned as we sat there, looking out over the red
wilderness of sand and thorns that stretched for mile on
interminable mile all about us.

  “If something happens,” I assured him, “well something,
you know. If a Martian ship would show up or if . . .
well, you understand ... I promise to hit you a clip. I
will make sure you won’t fall into their hands again.”
“That’s it,” said Ken, “Just say ‘So long, fellow, I hate
to do this, but it’s the best way’ and swing the hammer.
Be sure to swing it hard enough. This stuff may be tough,
hard to break, you know.”

  The sun was sinking low in the sky and a chill was
creeping over the crimson desert. I stirred and slowly
rose.

  “I guess I’d better get a bite to eat. I’ll be back right
away.”

  “Take your time,” said Ken, “I enjoy this scene. Leave
me turned on. You might shift me a little bit toward
the west I like to watch the sun go down.”

  “All right, old fellow.”

  I patted the cylinder and shifted it slightly so that my
friend could watch the setting of the sun.

  We had been in hiding for weeks. No place on Mars
could have been more suitable as a hide-out than this
mighty desert, a desert of red sand, peopled only by
wicked thorn shrubs and poisonous insects and reptiles.

  We had been hopeful at first of obtaining useful in-
formation from the brain of the Martian I had stolen from
the temple. Particularly I had wanted to find if there
was a way of removing Ken’s brain from the cylinder and
replacing it again in a human body. If there had been,
the matter of finding a man willing to give his body and
a surgeon to perform the operation would not have been
too hard a task. Apparently, however, there was no way
of doing it Once the brain was in a cylinder it was there
to stay . . . forever. Solemnly the Martian had assured
THE VOICE IN THE VOID	391

me that the milky chemical in which the brain floated con-
tained enough concentrated foodstuffs to nourish the brain
and its few attached parts almost indefinitely. When the
cylinder was not attached to the machine the brain was in
a state of suspended animation and took none of the nour-
ishment.

  I had suggested that I could go back to the temple again
and attempt to select a cylinder which contained the brain
of a priest who had died only a few years before, hoping
that, since Tarsus-Eg bo had died, there may have been
some advancement in the science of the cult and that a
way now might be known of performing the operation.

  Ken had absolutely forbidden this. He had pointed out
the danger. The temple was sure to be under unusually
heavy guard as a result of our former adventures under its
roof and I would have only one chance in a hundred of
getting out if, in fact, I could even get in. He had also
pointed out that there was no reason to believe the priests
would know any way of replacing a brain in a body. To
be placed in the cylinder seemed the highest ambition of
the Martian priests. It meant eternal life, the thing most
highly prized by them. Why, then, Ken asked, should
they attempt to find a way of replacing a brain in a body
when life in the cylinder seemed to be the greatly pre-
ferred type of existence? Sadly, I felt that I had to agree
with him.

  I think, too, that Ken did not wish to be parted from
me. He felt keenly his helplessness. He depended en-
tirely upon me. He feared that, left alone, he might be
recaptured by the Martians. I shuddered to think of what
might happen to him if such a thing occurred.

TT was uncanny at first, talking to my friend’s brain in-
-*■ side the cylinder, but, realizing that we must accept
the situation, we had maintained our friendship on its
old standards. Ken joked about his helplessness, while
I chose to ignore that he was anything other than the old
Kenneth Smith whom I had once known in a human body.

  I had eaten and was just lighting up for an after-meal
smoke, when my friend hailed me. I hurried to the side
of the cylinder.

  “What is it, Ken?”

  ‘Take a look over there, Bob. Straight ahead of me,
the only way I can look. I’ve been trying to figure out
if I see something or not I would swear that I could, a
white speck of some sort. Just between those two hills
where the sun is setting.”

  I strained my eyes, but could see nothing. I told him

so.

  “Something funny about that,” commented Ken, “I
am certain that I see something. Looks like a building
of some sort. It may be that my senses have been sharp-
ened by being put into this tank. They’re all Fve got
left to use and they may be developing. I’ve been watch-
ing that thing for a long time and I am convinced it’s not
my imagination.”

  “But what would a building be doing out here in the
middle of the desert, a good 500 miles from any habita-
tion?”

  “I don’t know,” said Ken. “This is an old planet.
There’s lots of strange things on it. Get out Tarsus-Egbo
and hook him up. Ha may have developed even better
eyesight than I have. If my theory is right, it should
be a great deal better. He’s been tanked up longer than
I have.”

  I walked to the ship and brought forth the second cylin-
der.

  “I won’t have you disconnected for long,” I told Ken,
“Just long enough to hook up the Martian and see if he can
tell me anything.”

  “Hook us up together, just wire him up to the same

terminals I’m hooked up to. I have been thinking about
it. I am certain, from what I know of the machine, that
two or even more cylinders could be hooked up at the
one time.”

  “You really think so? I don’t want something to go
wrong.”

  “I am certain of it About all I can do, in the shape
I’m in, is to think and I believe I have it all figured out.
I’d like to talk to Tarsus-Egbo. It would be a marvellous
sensation talking to another pickled brain.”

  “Well .... if you are sure____”

  “Go ahead, Bob. Nothing will happen.”

  Securing two short wires, I quickly connected the Mar-
tian’s cylinder, holding my breath. At the least sign of
anything wrong I was prepared to rip the wires away, but
nothing did happen. The second cylinder glowed softly
and took on its milky transparency.

  The Martian blinked his eyes, as if awakening from a
deep slumber.

  “Kor,” I greeted him solemnly in Martian.

  He replied as solemnly.

  I shifted the cylinder so that the Martian faced my
friend.

  Rapidly Ken spoke to him and the Martian replied
gravely.

  “Shift my cylinder so that I may see. My eyes are
good. Strange man, your theory is correct Being placed
in the cylinder does sharpen one’s senses. I am certain I
can see it, if there is anything there.”

   I shifted the cylinder and Ken, speaking softly, directed
Tarsus-Egbo’s gaze.

   “I also see it,” said the Martian, “It is a pyramid, one
of the many which existed here on these deserts in my
day, but which, before my death had been largely de-
stroyed by my people.”

  “Why destroyed by your people?” asked Ken.

  “For two reasons,” replied the Martian. ‘They are
structures that were built by an ancient people who sub-
scribed to a blasphemous religion and who used the pyra-
mids as temples. It was only just that they should be
destroyed. Those who destroyed them also found a great
reward, for the pyramids invariably conceal great riches.
Piety and hope of gain spurred my people on to their de-
struction. The sight of this one maddens me. I had
thought that, by now, all would have been destroyed. It
is an insult to Kell-Rabin, an insult to all of Mars that
it should stand there. It is the filthy manifestation of a
loathsome cult that once held sway over our beautiful
land.”

  I thought that I heard a faint chuckle come from Ken’s
cylinder, but I was not sure, for he spoke immediately.

  “What would you say, Tarsus-Egbo, if my friend de-
stroyed that pyramid over there? Would he be able to
do it? Do you think he would find great riches there?”

   “It would be a great service to Mars if he did so,” said
the Martian. “I would thank him and the high priest
would thank him. Perhaps we would even accord him the
honor of being placed in one of the cylinders when he
dies, even as you have been accorded that honor. I would
forgive him the wrong that he has done me in his insane
quest for knowledge and would thank him if he destroyed
the pyramid.”

  “But,” replied Ken, “my friend does not care for
your thanks nor for the thanks of the high priest. In
fact,” I was sure of the chuckle this time, “he would not
even care to meet the high priest I even doubt if he
would care to be placed in a cylinder. He is interested
only in the great riches which he might find in the pyra-
mid.”

  “If that is all he wishes,” rumbled Tarsus-Egbo, “he
will find them there. Riches that will make his brain
392	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

swim. Jewels that are like fire and jewels that are like
ice and others that are blue as the outer reaches of the
sky. There too, he will find . ... ”

  “Wait,” droned Ken, “Do you realize that you are in the
power of my friend. Do you know that he might be very
angry if he did not find richcs such as you have described
in the pyramid? Do you know that he might be so en-
raged that he would break your cylinder and destroy your
immortality? My friend is quick to anger and it is best
not to play upon his temper.”

  “He will find riches, great riches, in the pyramid,” in-
sisted the Martian, terror-stricken.

UT how do you know that some of your own people
have not taken them? Just because the pyramid
is there, does not necessarily mean that the riches must
also be there.”

  “They are there,” insisted the Martian, “If my people
had found the place, it would not be standing now.”

  “I guess that’s about all he can tell us, Bob,” said Ken
and I unhooked the Martian’s cylinder.

  “This is a new one to me,” I told my friend, “I studied
the Martians a great deal before they kicked me out, but
this is the first time I ever heard about these incredibly
ancient people.”

  “It was natural that you wouldn’t hear about it,” Ken
pointed out “It was something closely connected with
their religion and you will have to admit that you can’t
find out much about this religion of Mars. What we have
found out has been against their will and we have paid
heavily for it.”

  “This puts a different face on the whole matter,” I
said.

  Ken did not reply for a moment, then he spoke.

  “I get you. With riches such as Tarsus-Egbo described,
one can get anything one may happen to want. Those
riches, Bob, if we can get them, will mean a lot to us.
It will mean that we can continue to play our old hand
against Mars. It will mean that, after all, we may not
have to relinquish our revenge. It may mean that you
can, at last, with safety, study the bones of Kell-Rabin.
It is worth a try.”

  “Yes, worth a try,” I said, “and we are going to make
that try tonight. We can fly over there in a few minutes.”
“That’s talking now. Wish that I had a couple of hands
to help you. Too bad. Two can do more than one. About
all I can do is sit to one side and keep up the conversa-
tion.”

“That’s all right, old man,” I consoled him, “Now I will
have to unhook you. I’ll connect the machine to the
generator inside the plane and hook you up again so that
you won’t miss the trip over there.”

  “Don’t go to so much trouble,” protested Ken, “I am
trouble enough as it .... ”

  “Shut up, you,” I rejoined, and pulled the switch, ef-
fectively silencing him.

« • •

  I had worked for an hour with what few tools I had
at hand to open the sealed door of the great pyramid,
which towered blackly up into the cold night of the Mar-
tian desert. Above me rolled the two moons of the planet
and thousands of stars pricked out on the blue-black
sky. The night desert wind sang weirdly around the cor-
ners of the pyramid. The atomic engine of the plane
whined softly, operating the light generator to which I
had hooked the machine which motivated the cylinder that
contained the brain of Ken Smith.

  “I think I am moving a big one now,” I told the cylin-
der, and the voice of my friend came distinctly to me,
cheering me on.

  The huge stone moved ever so slightly and I threw all

my weight against the steel bar which I was using. It
moved just a bit more and again I heaved. Bit by bit
I worked it out, until I was certain that a few more heaves
would pry it away.

  “I have it almost out now,” I told Ken, “and I am go-
ing to move you out of the way a bit. I don’t want any-
thing to happen to you.”

  “It would be hard luck to get cracked up now, just when
we are on the verge of a great discovery,” he chuckled.

  “The Martian may have been lying,” I told him.

  “He wasn’t,” protested Ken. “He was telling the truth.
That crack about you busting him up if he lied would
have made him change his story in a hurry. Funny how
those fellows set so much store on long life. If something
doesn’t happen to me before, I am going to hire some-
body to tap me over the head when I get to be about two
hundred years old.”

  Laughingly, I picked up the cylinder and moved it
several feet away, then went back to my task. Several
more heaves brought the block of stone away and it fell,
burying itself deep into the sand. The second stone was
less trouble to pry away and after that the third an.J,
fourth one came still more easily. At last I had a hole
large enough to pass through into the interior of the
structure.

  With my flashlight trained before me, I clambered
through and dropped softly to the floor, which was paved
with huge slabs of stones similar to those of which the
pyramid was built.

  The circle of light which I flashed before me revealed
a huge block of stone, apparently an altar, set in the mid-
dle of the room. It was not the altar, however, that drew
my attention. Piled in a heap before the altar were five
great chests. The treasure chests!

  My heart leaped up into my throat and I ran forward.
Seizing one of the chests, I attempted to lift the lid, but
found that I was unable to do so. Grasping it under my
arm, I staggered to the door, for the chest was heavy, and
heaving the chest outside, leaped after it.

  With my bar, I attacked the lid and with a rending of
metal and the splintering of breaking wood, it came away.
Living fire seemed to leap from it to strike me in the face
and I threw up my arms across my eyes and stepped back.

CHAPTER V

The Last Defiance

' I 'HERE before me lay the treasure of the ancient peo-
pie of Mars! Treasure that had lain for centuries
under the sacred walls of the ghostly pyramid!

  Tarsus-Egbo has spoken true! Here was a planet’s ran-
som! Here was wealth undreamed of! Here lay jewels
that flashed in the soft light of the two moons and seemed
to glow and move and writhe like animate things.

  Ken was shrieking at me.

  “It’s the treasure, Bob! It’s the treasure! We are rich
men, rich men! Trillionaires! Now we can carry on. Now
we can thrust the bones of Kell-Rabin down the throat of
the Martian nation! Now we can make them pay, pay,
pay ... pay, damn them, for my radium, and for my body,
and for all the hell that they have made us pass through!
We have them, we have them . . . right by the bloody
throat!”

  The sight of the gleaming jewels had awakened the old
hatred, the old desire for revenge. They represented
power, powers to strike back at Mars. Almost had we for-

Sotten our plans of revenge . .. but always, now I realized,
ley had lurked in the back of our brains, awaiting re-
lease, the release which the jewels had given them. I
seemed to see the jewels through a red haze of weird emo-
THE VOICE IN THE VOID	393

tion. Ken was right! With them we had Mars by the
throat, we could stuff the musty bones of Kell-Rabin down
the throats of the high officials and the priests!

  Insane? Of course, we were insane. I think we had
always been; I, since my deportation from Mars and Ken
since the confiscation of his radium deposits.

   “Yes, it’s the treasure, Ken,” I choked. “It is the treas-
ure and there are four other chests just like this one inside
the pyramid!”

  I ran forward and thrust my hands deep into the box.
I brought them away with a handful of stones that glim-
mered and glinted and flashed blue and red and green and
white fire. Some rolled away and lay sparkling and shin-
ing in the sands.

  “Look, Ken,” I screamed. “Look at them. Why, damn
it, man, with these we can buy out the entire planet. We
can buy Mars and blow it to hell if we want to.”

  I threw a handful on the sand in front of him and raced
back to the pyramid. One after the other I threw out
the boxes and with the bar ripped away their lids. They
were filled to overflowing with jewels some not much
larger than peas, others the size of my fist. Offerings,
perhaps, made to some ancient god; offerings made by a
people who were wind blown dust millennia ago.

  “Are you sure that is all?” asked Ken.

  “Isn’t that enough?” I asked.

  “More than enough,” agreed my friend, “but if there
are more, we want them.”

  Once again I crawled back into the pyramid room.
Slowly I explored it, from one end to the other and came
at last to the rear of the great stone altar. Hardly think-
ing of what I was doing, I lifted a booted foot and kicked
at the altar. I half remembered wondering if it was a
solid block or if it was hollow.

  As my foot struck the altar, it moved. What appeared
to be pivoted stone set in the back of the block, swung
aside and out of the aperture toppled a long, narrow box.
I leaped aside out of its way and it struck the stone floor
with a crash, splitting wide open.

   I screamed and fell back, still holding my light direct-
ed on the broken box. Out of it rolled something that
was round and white and as it rolled I saw that it was
a human skull.

  Shaking like a leaf, I moved nearer to the broken
box and with my foot swept away the splintered wood.
My light revealed a human skeleton, the skeleton of a
Terrestrial! Still horrified, I stooped down and exam-
ined the bones. They were in a poor state of preserva-
tion, but easily identified as the bones of an Earthman,
not of a Martian. Rising, I walked to where the skull
lay, picked it up and examined the teeth. There were
thirty-two. Thirty-two teeth, and the most any Martian
could boast were twenty-four. The skull was crumbling
away even as I held it. It must have been inconceivably
old.

  I ran from the pyramid. The skeleton of a Terrestrial
in an ancient Martian pyramid, which had been closed,
which had not been viewed by mortal eyes, for thousands
upon thousands of years! What did it mean? What
awful secret lay back of it? Terrestrials had landed on
Mars in the first space car only a few hundred years be-
fore. Yet, I had found an ancient skeleton ... My mind
whirled and my senses reeled at the astounding possibil-
ities which the thing suggested.

   Terrestrials, then, had visited Mars before! Other civil-
izations than our own had risen to great heights, only to
fall into nothingness. Could it have been men of Atlantis,
or men of Mu, or men of a nation that was forgotten be-
fore those other two arose?

  Other Earthly races had visited Mars ... but why had I
found the skeleton of one in a pyramid associated with an

ancient religion, ancient even to the aged planet of Mars?
Could it have been possible . . . could Terrestrials have
been regarded as gods? Could the proud races of Mars
. . . could the proud religion . . . ?

  I stumbled out of the pyramid and tilting my head back,
roared in laughter at the two moons which swung above
the dead reaches of the desert.

MANY things have happened in the past five years, and
as I think of it, I remember that it was just five
years ago today that Ken Smith and myself, with the
jewels and the cylinder which contained Tarsus-Egbo, the
Martian, secretly left Mars on the ship of a space captain
who was willing to take a few risks for a double handful
of jewels. We reached Earth safely, the captain landing
us in a remote section of the Rocky Mountain district.

  For a year we remained in hiding and discussed our

Elans. At last, satisfied that both the Earth and Mars
ad lost all trace of us, I securely hid the jewels, except
for a pocketful, with the two cylinders in a cave and
journeyed to the outside.

  This time there was no need for a disguise. As I look
in the glass now I can scarcely believe that I am only
slightly over forty. My hair is snow white and my face
is the face of an old man, lined with deep wrinkles and
scarred with care.

  In Chicago I experienced some trouble in retrieving the
box which contained the bones of Kell-Rabin from its place
in the safety deposit vault, but the papers I presented
were all in good order and there was no reason for raising
too great an objection, so it was finally handed over to me.

  There was much to do and I set about doing it. I real-
ized that my time might be short, so I wasted none of it.
There were draftsmen, electricians, radio experts, laborers,
orders for steel and other materials, all to be attended to,
and I attended to them. It cost money, but the jewels
that we possessed represented a colossal fortune and cost
meant nothing if it purchased haste and efficient work-
manship.

  A month ago, I dismissed the last workman whom I had
employed to build the huge broadcasting station ten miles
from where I sit and write this. It is the most powerful
station in the universe, greater even than those mighty
stations on Jupiter. It is the pride of the Earth. I am
hailed far and wide all over the planet as one of Earth’s
greatest benefactors. With that station a message may be
flung to the farthest limits of the universe, out to where icy
Pluto swings in the outer void and where the sun is no
more than a star among many stars.

  If only the Earth suspected what would be the first mes-
sage that is to be hurled out from that station, it would be
destroyed immediately by governmental orders. If only
Mars suspected, a fleet of warships would leave the surface
of that planet within the next few hours, bound for Earth.

  The Earth will call me a traitor to the solar system, Mars
will list my name on the blackest sheet of the most in-
famous book, my own people will believe me crazy. I am
crazy, crazy with suffering, crazy with a mad desire to
humble a cruel and haughty nation. There is a method in
my insanity, a terrible, cold, calculating method. And the
world does not suspect. The Martians, who have praised
my philanthropic work, do not suspect.

  Crazy you say, insane, a raving maniac. How, I ask
you, have I come to be insane? Would not any man lose
his mind if he sat day after day, face to face with the brain
of a friend encased in a metal cylinder? Remembering
other days, when this thing in the cylinder walked on two
legs, laughed and joked, enjoyed a good smoke ....

  I must hasten, however. There is little time left.

(Continued on Page 427)
RED SLAG OF MARS

By Jack Williamson & Laurence Schwartzman

    A pencil of blue hissed at me, for answer. A hot needle of pain seared my shoulder.
Nausea and weakness flowed over me.

394
 RED SLAG OF MARS

Based upon the Sixth Prize ($2.50) winning plot of the Interplanetary Plot Contest, submitted by
Laurence Schwartzman, 285 Montgomery St, Brooklyn, N. Y.

I AM an old man, in this year of 2080, and I fear to de-
lay longer the revelation of these events that occurred
in my youth. Death may overtake me before it is done,
and the Martian race be forever thought the malevolent
enemies of man, and the greatest man of this century go
down in history with the dark name of traitor to that
which he loved above all else. My story follows.

                                Sidney Tancred

•	• • •

 The words burst
startlingly upon my
ears, from the news-
speakers at the street
corners. It was a clear,
bright morning in the
summer of 2035, when
the sun shone glad up-
on the new San Fran-1
cisco that was rising as
miraculously from the
ruin of war as it did
from the ruin of earth-
quake. I was hasten-
ing along the wide
streets of new build-
ings, to my office in the
great tower occupied
by Photoscope Com-
munications, when I
was stopped by the
ringing voice of the an-
nouncer.

  “Martian flier seen
over the Sahara! Half
an hour ago a helio-
plane scout of the Fed-
eration fleet sighted a
Martian ship above the
Sahara Desert, some
six hundred miles in-
land from Cape Blan-
co. The green, arrow-
shaped vessel is said to
be identical with those
which attacked the
earth five years ago.

 “The green ship
was rising rapidly
when first seen, and
vanished quickly above
the atmosphere.

  “It is feared that the
incident presages a re-
newal of the war with____

Mars. The public is

urged, however, not to feel undue alarm. Five years of
preparation, by the new Federation of Man, and the build-
ing of the powerful Federation fleet, which represents the
fighting power of all the earth, have placed us, it is be-
lieved, on equal terms with our insidious enemies from
across the void.”

  That message shook the world with a shock of fear. But
it did not disorganize our civilization as it might have done

LAURENCE SCHWARTZMAN
who furnished the plot

 THE folly of war still pursues the human race,
 with more and more terrible consequences as
 new scientific weapons are introduced. Yet, even
 during these dark days of economic depression,
 the nations of the world seem unable to get to-
 gether to take the most elementary steps toward
 ensuring peace.

   But'just as people in a nation forget their differ*
 ences temporarily, when they face a common en-
 emy, so the people of the earth might learn in-
 ternational cooperation if an enemy to the race
 appeared from out of space. This story, although
 it deals with that theme, is not a sermon on war-
 fare. It is a thrilling interplanetary adventure;
 but Mr. Williamson has used a very important
 problem of today to give a moral to his story.

   “Red Slag of Mars,” in our opinion, should be
 read and reread, not only for its sheer entertain-
 ment, but for what it tries to teach and tell.

five years before, when the ruling motive of our planet was
fear instead of confidence. I walked on to the office as if
nothing had happened. I was used to the shock of war-
like news and the presages of disaster.

  Little work, however, did I do that day. That news-
flash had awakened my memories of the famous expedi-
tion to Mars, with the Princess of Peace, of which I had
been a not very important member. Memories of our en-
counter with an alien civilization, and of the astounding

war of two planets that
had resulted. Early in
the afternoon I aban-
doned all pretense of
profitable employment,
and hurried home to
the comfortable apart-
ment where Joan was
waiting — Joan, with
whom I had fallen in
love on the long voy-
age out to the red plan-
et.

  Late that night came
the next news-flash:
“Dr. Nyland Eldred
captured in Sahara!
Was landed in desert
by Martian flier.
Thought to have been
returned to Earth as a
spy, to prepare for a
renewed attack.

                                    “The aged scientist
was captured by helio-
plane scouts from the
Federation fleet, which
have been intensively
patrolling all North
Africa since the ship
from Mars was sighted
this morning. Arrested
near Arawan, he had
with him sufficient food
and water to last until
he could reach civili-

JACK WILLIAMSON
who wrote the story

zation.

  “Dr. Eldred has re-
fused to make any
statement of the reason
for his return. It is
hoped, however, that
some information can
be got from him as to
the plans and inten-
tions of the Martians.

  “Dr. Eldred, as is known to all the world, was head of
the Eldred Areological Expedition, which sailed aboard
the ionodyne flier, Princess of Peace, from Quito, six year?
ago, for the planet Mars. The expedition, it will te re-
called, returned without him, in the following year. The
scientist himself had joined the monstrous beings of Mare,
and was already beginning a destructive war on the earth
when the Princess of Peace returned.

395
396

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  "While the Martian forces were repulsed by the first
fleet of the newly organized Federation, a return of the
invaders has been continually expected during the past five
years. The appearance of Dr. Eldred, it might seem,
marks the opening gun of renewal of interplanetary war.”
Joan and I, who had been companions of the captured
man on that memorable expedition across space, could not
share the universal hatred for his name, or the savage de-
light of the public at his capture. We had both admired
him—and more, loved him.

THE distress with which we heard of his capture was
increased by the bulletins of the following day:

  “Spy of Space carried to Lausanne for trial! Dr. Ny-
land Eldred, captured yesterday where a Martian flier had
landed him in the Sahara, has already been carried to
Lausanne, where his trial will take place immediately.

  “It is expected that no mercy will be shown this black-
est of all traitors, this renegade to his own planet, who led
the hideous hordes of another world against humanity.

  “It is the curious irony of fate that this arch-criminal
should be imprisoned in the Federation Tower, at Laus-
anne, which he himself built. A jest of Fate, indeed, that
his trial will be conducted by the Federation of Man, which
he himself planned. Paradoxical that he is to be tried for
the crime of making war on the planet which, in his
younger days, he made such efforts to free from the curse
of war.”

  The news-flash that came later in the day was even more
astonishing:

  “Traitor refuses to defend himself! Dr. Eldred stated
this afternoon, in his cell in the Federation Tower, that he
will make no defense or explanation of his treason.

“Conviction, it is thought, will be swift and certain, if
the scientist persists in his refusal. The death penalty is
expected. The trial is set to begin day after tomorrow.”
Agitation filled me, with the news that my old friend
intended to make no attempt to clear himself.

  “Can’t you do something, dear?” Joan demanded.

  “I don’t know. We could hire a lawyer for him, if that
would help. But if he won’t explain—”

  “You could see him. Make him talk! I know he can’t
be what they say—he always seemed so generous and
kind!”

  “It’s a long way to Lausanne.”

  “But the ionodyne flier can get you there in time. You
might make it easier for him, anyhow. It must be terrible
to have the whole world against you!” Pity was in her
tones; her eyes glistened.

  “I’ll go,” I said; and she smiled.

  “I couldn’t bear for a man like him to die as a traitor!”
she said tremulously. “You must save him, Sidhfey!”
The following afternoon I stepped from the great, sil-
very hemisphere of the ionodyne flier, at Lausanne, head
of the Federation of Man. The Federation Tower stood
beside me, its argent walls soaring up to the colossal,
white-robed statue of Peace that crowns it. Calm Lake
Geneva stretched away below, sapphire, supernally bril-
liant. The Alps were white and majestic in the distance.

  Amid this lovely tranquillity, a dreadful deed was about
to be done in the name of Peace, a deed that I must pre-
vent!

  At length I found the level upon which Dr. Eldred
was confined, and a guard took me to Mr. Holly, the
warden.

  “Your business, sir?”

  “I must see Dr. Eldred.”

  “The traitor?” Holly seemed mildly surprised.

  “Yes, the man accused of treason.”

  "Impossible, I’m afraid. My orders are to keep him

strictly secluded.”

  “But I must see him! He’s an old friend of mine.
And I was with him on Mars. I want to persuade him
to defend himself at the trial. I know he can’t be guilty
of what he’s charged with! There must be extenuating
circumstances.”

  “You say you were with him on Mars?”

  “Yes. I’m Tancred. Sidney Tancred. Photoscope
operator on the Princess of Peace.”

  “Oh, Tancred?” He smiled. “I’m glad to meet you.
And I suppose you might see the prisoner, if he is will-
ing.”

  The cell proved to be a long room, rather narrow, fur-
nished with a couch, a few chairs, and a heavy table. In
the end of the room was a broad window, barred with the
bright blue pencils of the barrier-ray. The pellucidly
blue, sparkling expanse of the lake, was spread below,
flecked with the scarlet sails of pleasure craft. The azure
sky above it was specked with white wings of freedom,
that it must have been maddening to watch through the
brilliant ray-bars.

  Dr. Eldred rose from the couch at my entrance, and
came quickly to meet me with a glad smile on his worn
and haggard face.

  “Sidney, my boy, I’m glad you’ve come!”

. As I shook his thin hand, the warden withdrew. I
heard bolts click, saw the blue net of alarm rays flung
across the door. With tears in his eyes, Dr. Eldred waved
me to a chair.

   Was it possible that this man was about to die a traitor’s
death? In his clear, calm blue eyes was nothing of the
defiant, hunted stare with which most prisoners face the
world. Generous nobility was evident in every line of his
erect old body, in the firmness of his lined face, in the
upright majesty of his grey head.

  “I’m mighty glad you came, Sidney,” he repeated, sim-
ply, as he sat down facing me. “A long time since I’ve
been with human'beings very much. A lonely business,
to be away from one’s kind, alone on an alien planet. But
how has life been serving you, my boy?”

  “Oh, well enough. The photoscope has turned out a
pretty good thing for me. And I’ve married Joan—Miss
Lenwick. You remember—”

“Certainly. A fine girl! Accept my congratulations.”
I put the vital question delicately. "Dr. Eldred, you—
I understand that you aren’t preparing to defend your-
self. I want—well what money I have is available. A
few able attorneys—”

  He stopped me with a wave of his thin hand; his voice
choked.

  “Mighty good of you, Sidney. But I’m not making any

defense.”

  His quiet statement astonished me. "But you must!”
I protested. “You don’t realize the public sentiment. You
don’t understand that you—that you—”

  “I do understand, Sidney,” he said slowly. “I under-
stand that I am a traitor—the supreme traitor—in the
eyes of men. But I can’t make any defense.”

  “Surely you can explain. The Martians must have cap-
tured you, forced you—”

  “I can’t give any public explanation.”

  “Why?” I pleaded. “Will you tell me why?”

  “I might tell you the story, Sidney,” he said, after a
moment’s reflection. “It would be an injustice to the Mar-
tians if I didn’t tell it to someone, before— Anyhow, it
can’t be published now. But after a few years it might do
no harm.”

  “Injustice to the Martians!” I exclaimed. “Those
things?”
RED SLAG

  “We are very much indebted to them, Sidney—mankind
is. But you promise to keep my story secret for the time
being? Promise not to use it in any attempt to save
my Fife?”

  It was a hard promise to make, but he would agree to
nothing else.

  Then he told me of his part in the Martian War. But
I must preface what he said with an account of our expe-
dition to Mars, and of the incidents that led to that strange
conflict.

CHAPTER II
Red Slag

TT was Dr. Eldred’s own discovery, in 1998, that made

  space travel possible. In that year he patented the
ionodyne screen or gravity-deflector, which is a film of
ions that reflects the radiation we know as gravitation,
making its force one of repulsion instead of attraction.

  His first trial ship, which rose upon her maiden flight
on the following year, had much the same aspect as the
modern ionodyne flier. It was composed of a flat, cir-
cular ionodyne screen, with a dome-shaped superstructure
covering pilot and generators.

  In the first year of the new century, Dr. Eldred aban-
doned his experimental science to begin the great under-
taking that occupied the rest of his life, and the first inter-
planetary flights were left for other men to make.

  Only five years later Tamberlyn was able to fly around
the moon. He made a successful landing on the follow-
ing year, having designed crude space suits and made cer-
tain improvements in his ship. He was hardly more than
back from the moon before he began preparing for the
voyage to Mars.

  Three vessels, including that of the intrepid Tamberlyn,
had visited the red planet when our expedition was organ-
ized at Quito, Ecuador, in 2029. Tamberlyn, having
landed on a plain of barren red lava in the northern
hemisphere, near the edge of that dark, arid sea-floor that
the areographers term Syrtis Major, found no living thing.
He reported the atmosphere unbreathable, almost totally
lacking both water and free oxygen.

  Priestly was next, three years later. His famous Atom
IV was badly damaged in an unfortunate landing near
the marking known as Thoth, upon the same curious red
lava that Tamberlyn had observed. Since the entire ef-
forts of the party were directed toward the repair of the
flier, little scientific work was accomplished. Samples of
red lava, however, were brought back, to mystify terres-
trial chemists.

  The Smith-Montgomery party spent nearly two months
on Mars in 2027, completing a rough survey of the sur-
face. They returned with news of astounding discoveries.

  They found that nearly all Mars was covered with the
strange lava which is commonly known as “red slag.”
That curious rock containing no oxygen, was a puzzling
fact, since oxygen makes up nearly half the rock on the
earth’s surface.

  They found remains of life. Of intelligent, civilized
life.

  Hulls of queer ships, lying upon dry ocean floors.
Wrecks of enigmatic machines. Ruins of colossal metal
buildings. Fragments of metal, bearing strange inscrip-
tions, which proved that the lost race had possessed a
written language.

  “It is significant,” Smith-Montgomery remarked in his
published monograph, “that only metal objects remain to
tell the story of the Martians. All else has been burned
to red slag. We are convinced that some unknown cata-

OF MARS	397

clysm devastated the planet, obliterating the civilized race,
leaving only objects of metal unharmed.

  ‘This catastrophe occurred perhaps hundreds of thou-
sands of years ago. The atmosphere (being—like the red
slag—curiously devoid of oxygen, free or in the form of
water) has little or no corroding action upon metal.”

   This account created a sensation, and another and larger
expedition was immediately planned, to investigate fully
the relics of the lost race, and to discover, if possible, the
nature of the catastrophe that had blotted it out.

   I was fortunate enough to be a member of the expedition
that drove out into space from Quito, two years later,
aboard the gleaming new Princess of Peace.

  Our leader was Dr. Eldred himself—it was his first in-
terplanetary voyage, in the ship of his invention. His
kindly good humor soon endeared him to all the crew.
Then fifty-nine years of age, he was lean, erect, and
strong, his blue eyes bright with energy, his abundant hair
still dark save at the temples. But his face was already
seamed with the bitter lines of failure.

   His invention of the ionodyne, thirty-one years before,
had established him as one of the greatest American scien-
tists. In the African War, two years later, he refused the
use of his patents to both belligerents, declaring that the
new instrumentality would make war too horrible. De-
spite his efforts, the patents were infringed, and millions
were slain by bombs dropped by fliers hanging safe above
the atmosphere.

  Immediately he forswore his allegiance to the land of
his birth, and terming himself a “citizen of the Earth” he
set about organizing the Federation of Man. The new
organization was to be an international government, that
would enforce peace among nations.

   Peace within nations, he pointed out, had been won only
by disposing of the private armies of individual nobles,
and peace among nations could be permanent only when
national armies were abolished.

   He devoted to the project the vast fortune that his pat-
ents had earned, erecting with his own funds the great Fed-
eration Tower, beside Lake Geneva, as a gift to man. But
his efforts were rewarded with failure. No nation would
disband its army to join his proposed Federation of Man,
entrusting its defense to an international commission.

   His fortune exhausted, his great dream a failure, he had
accepted the leadership of the expedition to Mars.

'T'HE fifty members of the party included the flier’s crew
of twenty men, and a score of Earth’s ablest scientists,
men and women. The scientists included, to name a few of
them, John Nisbit, Canadian astronomer; Anido Castelar,
Chilean archaeologist; Sonia Milikov, Russian radiologist;
Vaisle Barak, Rumanian geologist; Emil Heink, German
chemist and mathematician; Iko Satsuma, Japanese philo-
logist; and Paul Rhodes, South African areographer.

  I well remember the moment that I stepped from the
helioplane that brought us to the ship. The vast, shining
dome-shaped ionodyne flier lay in its cradle high on the
Puengasi Ridge. The Andes rose about us stupendous.
Quito lay in the hollow beneath and westward, her low
adobe buildings a pattern of yellow squares in the bottom
of a colossal cup.

  We went aboard, most of us panting a little from the
combined effects of excitement and the rare atmosphere. I
stood staring through the small, thick-glazed ports, while
the valves were being sealed and the final preparations
made.

  The sun sank; the blue sky above the soaring peaks was
darkened to purple; the peaks themselves, a pale and mys-
tic white, were touched with sullen crimson.

  Then we passengers were called to take the injections
398	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

that were to prepare our bodies for the physiological ef-
fects of weightlessness, and of exposure to the cosmic rays.
When I recovered from the unconsciousness caused by the
drugs, we were far out in space.

  I left my cabin and returned to the ports. The sky was
strangely black; the stars hung motionless in it, unwink-
ing, amazingly brilliant. The earth was a globe of won-
der behind us, luminous and greenish. The harshly bright
crescent of the moon swung slowly into view from behind
it, against ebon, star-hung space.

   In those early days, space travel was interesting, but by
no means wholly pleasant. Most of us suffered, despite
the injections we had been given, from the so-called “space
fever due to the action of the all-pervading cosmic rays
upon our brains. A week out from earth, a generator
burned out, and for three days, while it was being re-
paired, we suffered the nausea and inconvenience of com-
plete lack of weight. Small meteoric particles bombard-
ed the vessel’s steel hull continually; half the crew was
kept busy searching for and repairing leaks.

  Thirty days out, and Mars hung against the black sky
outside the ports, like a great red ball, with a little white
oval at its top, and a dark, irregular, greenish-blue belt
around its equator.

  A day later, and we landed upon the red plateau. It
stretched away in all directions, as far as we could see
from the ports. A flat plain, covered with the glistening,
lava-like rock, that we called “red slag.”

  A mile northward rose a forest of naked beams of blue-
white metal, ugly, skeletal, unpleasantly suggestive of the
bleached bones of some weird and colossal monster. A
wondrous city of the lost race must have stood there one
time; now only its gleaming skeleton was left, half cov-
ered with red slag.

  There could be on Mars, of course, no counterpart of
the Rosetta Stone that unlocked the secrets of ancient
Egypt for the archaeologist, Champollion. Among the
records of the lost inhabitants of an alien planet, we could
hope for no parallel inscriptions in a familiar language.

  impossible, many scientists, had pronounced the reading
of the Martian inscriptions. The language of Mars, they
insisted, could have nothing in common with any human
tongue. The thought, even, of two races that had devel-
oped through different routes of evolution, from different
origins, would be cast in different molds.

  But most of us aboard the Princess of Peace were hope-
ful, confident that reason, intelligence, could bridge the
vast gulf between ourselves and the minds of the ancient
people of Mars. Hopeful, even in the face of difficulties
that long remained insuperable.

  For three months we moved the great silver dome of the
ship from point to point over the endless, desolate fields
of red slag that encrusted the planet. From each landing
place we sent out a dozen small parties, of two or three
members each, with cameras and scientific instruments, to
search the adjacent surface for relics of the lost Martians.
Almost always I accompanied Dr. Eldred—my part was
merely to carry his instruments. Usually Joan Lenwick
was with us—she was an American artist and journalist
who had contrived to get a place on the expedition as Dr.
Eldred’s secretary. I found her a gay and vivacious com-
panion.

npHE first explorers had employed heavy, air-sealed
space suits. But we were able to dispense with them,
wearing in their stead light breathing masks, which sup-
plied sufficient oxygen to maintain life in the vitiated air,
without the inconvenience of the clumsy suits.

  We visited and photographed the ruins of a score of

cities, most of which we discovered by scanning the sur-
face of the planet through telescopes when the ship hung
high above. Upon the bare skeletons of metal tbit rose
weirdly above the ubiquitous red slag we found many
markings that were evidently inscriptions, but nothing
that served as a clue to the reading of them. For my

Kirt, I was beginning to believe that knowledge of the
artian language had died with the Martians, forever.
Three months we had been on Mars, on the day when
Dr. Eldred and Joan Lenwick and I crossed a low red
range of glassy lava hills, and came out upon a long,
level plain covered with glistening, vitreous slag, com-
pletely rimmed with the rolling, crimson hills.

  The monuments stood on the open red plain. Twelve
thick, squat pillars of some white aluminum alloy, set
in a wide circle. Somehow they seemed almost of mys-
tic significance. Twelve octagonal steles of argent metal,
every face covered with strange characters, in fine, regular
lines, or with odd-looking pictures and diagrams.

   Dr. Eldred rushed up to them in the nearest approach
to excitement I had ever seen him display.

  “The last records!” he cried. “The last! See, they
were set up after the cataclysm!”

   He snatched out a pocket lens, scrutinized the minute
characters cut in the white metal of the nearest monostyle.
I gasped stupidly, and stood gazing.

   A weird enough scene, it was, indeed. The flat, hill-
rimmed plain of red lava, glittering in the sunlight as if
red frost covered it. The huge white columns standing
in a circle, like some mystical Stonehenge of the lost race.
The tall, thin-bodied scientist, grotesque in his oxygen
mask, running excitedly from pillar to enigmatic pillar.
“The l&t records?” I asked, uncomprehending,

   “Don’t you see?” Joan cried, uncontrolled excitement
in her own voice. She pointed with a slender hand at the
base of the nearest pillar.

  “See what?” I still did not understand—to tell the
truth, I had more eyes for her trim, athletic figure than
for all the wonders of a strange planet; even the fantastio
breathing mask could not hide her beauty.

   “Stupid, the columns are on the red slag!”

  “On it? What does— Oh, I see!”

  And she laughed at me.

   I went back to tell the others of our discovery. We
brought the ship over the low hills, landed it half a mile
from the monuments.

   I had no immediate part, of course, in the decipher-
ment of the inscriptions. My part was to assemble the
photoscope, and establish communication with the earth,
with which Mars was just passing opposition.

   It was the first time that transmission had been at-
tempted over any such distance as forty million miles;
the apparatus was mostly of my own design, and rather
in the experimental state. The set was so complex there
had been no room to assemble it on the crowded ship; I
installed it under a flimsy shed of sheet metal, on the red
slag beside the vast, looming, silvered dome of the Prin-
cess of Peace.

  In the principle of the hook-up was nothing new. A
great xenon tube, mounted in a reflector that would con-
centrate its modulated rays into a beam narrow enough
to reach the earth. A powerful electronic telescope, to
collect the light from the sending station upon a photon
tube, that would pick it up for electrical amplification.
But there was novelty in the attempt to talk over forty
million miles and more of frozen, night-black space.

   It took over a week to finish the assembly. Dr. Eld-
red and several other members of the party were waiting
in the shed when I made the last connection, closed the
circuits, focused the sending beam and the telescopic
RED SLAG OF MARS	399

receiver upon the tiny, far-off planet, and began speaking
into the microphone.

  “Mars calling . . . Mars calling . . . Mars calling . .

  Minutes went by, as 1 spoke into the transmitter. All
of us watched the speaker, strained our ears.

  At last came the reply, faint, sputtering a little, “Hello,
Mars. Capetown Observatory speaking . .. Hello, Mars.”

  It was hard to realize that the tiny, ghostly voice we
heard had come nearly half a hundred million miles.
Hard to realize that it had taken four minutes to leap
the gulf to us, at the speed of light.

  My voice was unsteady with excitement as I replied.

  “Hello, Capetown. Can you give us short-wave tele-
view contact with the offices of the Eldred Areological
Expedition, Federation Tower, Lausanne—”

  My own voice was whispering back from the speaker,
“echoed” from the earth, where the speaker in the obser-
vatory must have been near the microphone.

  “Mars calling . . . Mars calling . . . Mars calling . .

  My own words of eight minutes before, weirdly whis-
pered back by the ether.

  Then finally the other tiny voice in the observatory,
exclaimed “Hello.”

  The tiny white screen came suddenly to life; we saw in
it the agitated face of Vandivier, our representative back
on Earth. His lips moved; his voice murmured faintly
from the speaker.

  “Hello. Very glad to connect you. Was afraid some-
thing had happened. Can’t see anything in the screen
yet. Suppose it will be eight minutes before your images
come on. Dr. Eldred? 1 suppose you are there? Tell
us how you’re doing. The world is gasping for word!”

  The lean old scientist stepped before our own teleview
lens—with, I thought, the least trace of boyish self-con-
sciousness.

  “Hello, Vandivier. Sorry we didn’t have time to let Sid-
ney make contact before. We’re all in good health, I
think. And all of us will be glad to have any personal
messages you have to send on to us.

  “As for the work, we’ve been doing well enough. In
fact, we have enjoyed better fortune than we had a right
to expect.”

            CHAPTER III
            Earth in Flames

A ND he began a brief account of events that I had been
    too busy, during the last week, to follow.

  “We have discovered a set of monumental records that
were erected by the Martians after the unknown civiliza-
tion had wiped out their civilization. Some of them sur-
vived the catastrophe, whatever it might have been—sur-
vived it long enough, at least, to set up these monuments.

  “We have every hope of deciphering these inscriptions,
despite the manifest difficulties to be overcome. Our ef-
forts would almost certainly prove futile, but for the fact
that the Martians provided a key.

  “These monuments, we believe, were set up as a warn-
ing to prevent the destruction of any future civilization
of Mars by the same doom that overtook the old. And
fortunately for us, an ingenious key was provided, so that
all future inhabitants of the planet might be able to read
the warning.

  “Though we have made no more than a bare beginning
in the translation of the actual records, we have reached
the point where there is no doubt of ultimate success.
Perhaps I should give some description of the key, which
enables us to approach the inscriptions through the uni-
versal languages of mathematics and reason.

  “The Martian numerals were presented first—they used,
by the way, the duodecimal system. At the top of the
first column, the numerals were engraved, each accom-
panied by a corresponding number of dots. Below, sim-
ple problems in mathematics were illustrated, with the
numerals and parallel groups of dots, to indicate the ar-
rangement and use of the figures.

  “Following, the Martian alphabet was illustrated; the
system is fairly complicated, comprising 217 characters.

  “The first face of this monument, below the part de-
voted to the alphabet, is pitted with little cells, filled with
some hard, transparent crystal. Some object—a speci-
men of metal or mineral, a miniature replica of some ma-
chine or utensil, an image of some form of the animal
or vegetable life that existed upon Mars before its ‘burn-
ing out’—is embedded in the transparent crystal in each
cell. Below each object is engraved its name. Thus we
have been supplied with the meaning of a large number
of concrete nouns.

  “Following, and taking up another whole face of the
monument, is a great number of remarkable pictures, to
illustrate the meaning of other nouns, and of verbs of
action.

  “A set of diagrams is next, which, with the numerals,
nouns, and verbs illustrated above, give an approach t«
the science of the lost race. Thus gradually the key leads
us, from the simplest beginnings, to a full knowledge of
the Martian language.”

  Dr. Eldred stopped, the little room was silent for a
time, then the ghostly voice whispered again from the
speaker:

  “Hello, Mars. Your message coming in. Earth sends
you all good wishes.”

  But that narrow light-beam was to bring from Earth,
all too soon, dreadful news.

  Five weeks went by. I was busy at the photoscope dur-
ing all the hours when the earth was high enough above
the horizon to make communication possible—photoscope
apparatus had been installed in a score of terrestrial ob-
servatories, so that always, during the Martian day, I was
able to make contact through one or another of them.

  I handled personal messages from all over the earth to
members of our party. Replies to them. Scientific re-
ports and bulletins to the news stations. World news in
general. Ordinarily I used teletypewriter instead of tele-
view connections, since less power was required and at-
mospheric interference was diminished.

  Several members of the party insisted upon sending
messages in code, and I transmitted them without ques-
tion—little dreaming the hellish thing that was abrew.

  I recall one occasion when Joan Lenwick admitted that
she was homesick for her native New York. I invited her
into the station, and disregarding the waiting official com-
munications, I spent two hours in getting a hook-up with
a New York teleview bureau, and allowing Joan to view
the life of her native city on the screen. The first time,
I suppose, that the famous glass-roofed metropolis has
been toured vicariously, from a distance of fifty million
miles.*

  Joan was delighted. And Dr. Eldred, if he ever learned
of the delay in transmitting the dispatches, was kind
enough to say nothing.

  The translation of the monuments proceeded rapidly.
Dr. Eldred told me one day that a great war had been in
progress, between two factions on Mars, when the cata-
clysm had blotted out the planet’s life.

   “Despite their high civilization,” he said, “the Martians

•Since the Earth-Mars opposition the planets were moving
steadily apart, the Earth outstripping Mars in their race
about the sun.
400

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

had never overcome the great scourge of war. It seems
that they used their science largely to oppress and de-
stroy one another—as we have done on earth. In the
last days, they were in the midst of their greatest war—all
Mare aflame with it And the disaster, whatever it was,
swept them all away—all save the handful that erected
the monuments.”

  He added bitterly, “They might have been able to save
themselves, if they had been civilized enough to have
outlawed war.”

  I thought of the vain years he had devoted to planning
the Federation of Man, that was to end war on earth, of
the failure he had reaped.

JUST two days later came the despatch:

“Fighting on the Eurasian frontier,” I read upon the
paper strip from the clattering teletypewriter. * Hostili-
ties began in the Volga region this morning, and serious
conflict was in progress, by noon, all along the line to the
White Sea.

  “Kazan was bombed, an hour ago, from a yellow iono-
dyne flier. The loss of life, yet unknown, it is estimated
at tens of thousands. The ancient Kremlin, or citadel,
with its many beautiful churches and monasteries, is
thought to have been completely obliterated.

  “According to reputable authority, the first shots were
fired when a vodka-drunken Russian soldier hurled a
cabbage across the border, and the men on the other side
returned the missile with jeers.

  “It is yet hoped that hostilities can be stopped by the
action of existing peace machinery. But any measures
must be prompt, since the forces along the Eurasian
frontier number nearly five million men.”

  Communication was soon cut off, by the setting of the
earth. Our little camp on Mars was anxious until it had
risen again. The whole party gathered about the little
station that morning, when the first messages were com-
ing through.

  We heard the worst War had run over all the earth
like a flame. Half a million were already dead—most
of them noncombatants, hardly aware that war was be-
gun. Fleets of ionodyne fliers had bombed many cities—
Moscow, London, Istanbul, Cairo, Yokohama. Nearly
every nation on earth had already declared for one side
or the other, driven by hatred or fear.

  Dr. Eldred slumped down on a stool in my shed when
he heard the news. Life seemed suddenly gone from the
man. His shoulders sagged; his head hung dejectedly.
His gray face was lined as with suddenly added years.

  “It’s the end,” he whispered to me, in a dry, hopeless
voice. “I did my best. But this is the end! War. Red
war. Science debased to slay our fellow men. Our civi-
lization can never weather another war—if you can call
it a civilization that lets wars happen.”

  He ran his long fingers despairingly through his hair.
“Sidney, when we get back, earth may be burned out, as
Mars is! Red slag . . .” he whispered, “red slag . . . red
slag, where men and women and children used to toil and
laugh and love.”

  But most of the party took the news of war far differ-
ently. They hung in an excited mob about the station,
clamoring for the latest news, wildly discussing each frag-
ment. Everyone was eager to know which side his nation
had joined, each eager to champion his country and to
proclaim another in the wrong.

  On the previous day the members of the expedition had
seemed a sober, sane group of scientists, working at a ser-
ious problem, in whole-hearted cooperation. But the
madness of war seemed planted in the blood of all. Be-

fore the day was gone, we were divided into two factions,
each eyeing the other with feverish suspicion.

  Twice that day the words of heated argument gave
place to blows, and once-sober scientists rolled on the red
slag of Mar?, fighting with the same elemental weapons
their ancestors had used in jungle war.

  I was too busy with the photoscope apparatus to take
any active part, physical or otherwise, in the discussion,
though I confess that my sympathies were with the side
my own nation had chosen to espouse—but few, in those
days, shared Dr. Eldred’s sense of world-patriotism.

  On that day several members of the expedition received
messages in code, and replied to them in kind—without
rousing my suspicion.

   That night, after the earth had set and the messages had
ceased, Dr. Eldred called us together in the main salon of
the Princess of Peace. Lean, aged man, shoulders droop-
ing as if the last day had added ten years to their burden,
he walked out before us, and spoke.

  “Men and women, we heard today that war has spread
like devouring flame over our native planet It is a ter-
rible thing. Our world may be burned out when we re-
turn. A waste of red slag, like Mars. Any one of you
may have friends on earth dying hideously at this instant

  “Many of us are already infected with the dread fever
of war. We unreasonably hate the people of thoee na-
tions that happen to be at war with ours. We are filled
with hot madness, that bids us kill and maim and destroy.

  “But we must subdue that fevered madness. We have
work to do here, that requires all our efforts. It is per-
haps the greatest task that our science has ever attempted,
and great good may come of it, for the earth. We must
let no spirit of dissension weaken our efiorts, or we shall
not only fail in that task, we shall all die here, miser-
ably!”

  Half a dozen men sprang to their feet, as he finished.
Anido Castelar, the tall Chilean, was the first to speak, in
his halting English.

  “You mean we do not go back at once? Just today I
have a call from my nation. My people, they need me.
We must return.”

  “We can’t leave Mars until our work here is done,” Dr.
Eldred said.

  Confusion rose. A veritable clamor of demands that
we start back at once. Dr. Eldred held up a thin white
hand until the uproar had ceased.

  “We must think no longer of our individual nations,
but of our planet as a whole,” he said quietly. “We must
learn to live together on our globe, or die on it.

  “Earth could gain nothing by our return. Our know-
ledge of science would only make the war more horrible.
A single invention of mine, conceived without malice to
any, has already cost the life of millions.

  “Here we may accomplish something useful.”

  “Let’s vote!” someone shouted. The cry was clamor-
ously echoed.

A GAIN he silenced the room with his hand. “Our ship
is too small a place for contention. We all depend
upon each other. If half of us were dead, the other half
would die, because they could not operate the ship.

  “And the earth has become too small for war. Nations
are too close together; they depend too much upon one
another. They must learn to live without war—or die.”

  He dismissed the meeting. For the time being, he had
won. But it is hard for one man to cope with the war
spirit in many. It is too strong, too elemental. Hate and
fear can fan it into madness that no reason can curb. I
knew trouble was to come.

  The history of war, through the next month, need not
RED SLAG

be detailed here. The story is old as man. Men fought
bravely, on land and under the sea and above the air—
bravely, but futilely, vainly. Cities destroyed, fair lands
ravaged, men killing men in panic insanity.

  This was the old red tragedy, played on a greater stage.
The dead were hundreds of millions. The ravaged lands
were continents. The destroyed cities were New York and
Seattle and Quebec; Vienna and Madrid and Nizhni Nov-
gorod; Buenos Aires and Perth and Tashkend—those and
many more.

  Never had the power of science enabled men to destroy
their fellows upon a scale so lavish; they proceeded with
a fine abandon of enthusiasm, as if to finish the task out
of hand.

  It was difficult, during that month, for Dr. Eldred to
maintain any discipline in the party. All insisted upon
waiting about the photoscope for news, until he ordered
me not to handle any private messages. And that made
more trouble.

  But the translation of the inscriptions proceeded rap-
idly.

  One evening when I was in his office, aboard the Prin•
cess of Peace, Dr. Eldred summed up the results of the
work, in a report that he dictated to Joan Lenwick, for me
to transmit to earth.

“The cataclysm that transformed this planet into a red
waste of burned lava,” he began, “took pltce nearly 100,-

000	years ago. At that time Mars was a habitable world.
Oceans covered nearly a third of its surface; its continents
supported luxuriant vegetation; its atmosphere contained
sufficient humidity and oxygen for the highest life.

  “The intelligent beings—quite unlike men in form—
whose ruined buildings are found throughout the planet,
possessed a mechanical civilization, higher, it may be,
than ours of earth. But, like us, they had failed to stop
war among themselves.

  “At the last, the planet was divided between two great
nations or leagues, each holding half the planet. Inter-
mittent warfare had long flamed between them.”

  The old scientist strode wearily back and forth across
the room, sometimes running his thin fingers through his
hair, with a quick impatient motion. His hair was fine
and abundant; he wore it long, and it was always tousled
from that habit of running his fingers through it.

  Joan sat at her desk at the side of the room, cool and
trim and straight. Her white fingers moved over the keys
of her machine with an easy, confident skill. She wore
green, I remember; and she looked very lovely, cool and
calm and capable. She did not have to watch the keys;
sometimes she looked across at me, with a hint of smile
in her blue eyes.

  “Finally, with new weapons that its scientists had de-
veloped,” Dr. Eldred went on, as he paced the floor, “one
faction set out to crush the other. For a long time it pro-
secuted the war successfully, destroying the most of its
enemies, and surrounding the others in a vast, fortified
city, near the south pole of Mars.

  “But the scientists in that last beleaguered stronghold
were busy. They ifivented a new weapon. Fortunately,
it is not described very fully on the monuments. But it
seems to have been a force that disintegrated the element
oxygen, breaking up its atoms and perhaps recombining
their protons and electrons into atoms of other elements.

  “The besieged inhabitants of that last city armed them-
selves with the new instrumentality—and burned Mars to
red slag. Burned their enemies—if ‘burn’ can apply to
such a process—burned the vegetable and animal life of
the planet, as well as the surface rocks, to red slag. Con-
verted the oceans into red deserts by destroying the oxy-

OF MARS	401

gen in their waters. Disintegrated even the oxygen in the

 atmosphere.

  “It must all have happened rather quickly. The new
arm had a dreadful power of destruction. And those who
besieged the city did not sue for peace. They devised
breathing masks, and armor for their bodies, and made a
final, desperate assault.

   “They carried the barriers, in spile of the new weapon.
Most of the people of the city died fighting in the streets—
while that flaming ray was burning up the planet

   “It was too late when sanity came back to the few of
each faction that survived. Mars was already wrecked.
And still the ray was flaming on. The enemies united in
a terrible struggle to put out the destroying ray. Few,
few indeed, were left when it was done.

   “Peace had come to Mars in the end, but its price had
been the life of the planet.

   “The survivors united their efforts to erect those monu-
ments we have been deciphering, to serve as a warning
to their children, if they were able to survive and to build
a new civilization upon the desolated world.

“Aside from the monuments, we have found no trace of
them. They must have paid the price of peace in full.”

CHAPTER IV
Mutiny!

 ' I 'HE gray, tired-faced old man stopped his weary pacing,
   and turned to me.

   “Please send that to earth, tomorrow, Sidney,” he said.
I nodded. “It may serve as a warning. It might help to
save the earth. Sidney, we must save the earth! We
can’t let this madness of war burn it out, as Mars was
burned out!”

   I said nothing. What could I have said? I knew that
the iron heel of war had been on the neck of mankind
since the first ape-men fought, and I could see no hope of
lighting it. I doubted that a world hot with the fever of
war would even read the message.

   “Another thing, Sidney,” and he lowered his voice. “Be
sure not to send any private messages—especially any in
code.”

   “I remember your instructions.”

   “And don’t let anyone else have access to the set, when
sending is possible.”

  “Very well. Though I doubt that any of the others
could operate it. A good deal of it is my own design, you
know.”

   “Be careful. And I’d better tell you why, so you can
be on your guard.” He turned to Joan. “You, too, Miss
Lenwick, must be on guard. Watch your notes—better
keep them locked up, in the safe.

   “Both of you may be surprised to learn,” he said with
deliberate emphasis, “that certain members of our party
have been trying to rediscover the ray that burned out
Mars!”

  “You mean—•” I stammered, “you mean—”

   ‘That they want to send that horror to the earth?” Joan
finished quickly, her blue eyes wide, frightened.

   “They do.”

“It’s incredible!” I burst out. “After they’ve seen

Mars—”

   “The madness of war makes men do incredible things,”
he said. “They started work on it three weeks ago. One
of them must have found something on the monuments
that served as a clue. They were analyzing the red slag,
deriving the formulae, and trying to deduce the reaction.

   “I tried to stop it, of course. Destroyed their notes and
apparatus, and told them to leave it alone. But I think
402	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

some of them have been working at it secretly, since. I
find from the watch that they have been slipping out at
night, and there is more apparatus missing from the sup-

 Elies. They must have a hidden laboratory, out in the
 ills.”

   “You think they’ve succeeded,” I asked in astonishment.

  “I’m pretty sure of it Able men, you know, all of
them. The best scientists on earth—despite the hellish
thing they plan. And they had gone a long way before I
suspected anything.”

  “You think,” Joan whispered, “they would send—that
—to earth?”

   “War makes savages and beasts out of men,” Dr. Eldred
 said. “Anyhow, Sidney, don’t send any messages in
 code.”

  “I won’t,” I assured him. “And the men,” I asked.
“Who—”

   He looked at me curiously.

   “What difference does it make, Sidney,” he asked me,
 “whether the earth is burned to red slag by the nation
 in which we were bom, or by the enemies of that na-
 tion?”

  “None. And Doctor, I hope that—that you don’t
think—”

   He smiled a little. “I think I could trust you, Sidney.
 And Joan. But few are immune to the germs of war. Any-
 how, as it happens, you will not be tempted.

  “And I may as well tell you, so you can be on your
guard. The men are Castelar and Heink and Satsuma.
They are the leaders. Sonia Milikov would probably be
with them, and others.”

   Joan seemed surprised. “Not the Don!” she exclaimed.
 “And Sonia! They seemed so nice I”

   “The madness of war is in them. They are not responsi-
 ble for what they do.”

   The three came into my little shed on the second day
 after. It was late in the morning, when most of the party
 had already gone to the monuments, or were busy about
 the Princess of Peace. I was at the instruments, dispatch-
 ing the scientific reports that had been written on the
 night before.

   Senor Tancred, you please send this ”

   Castelar, the suave Chilean, addressed me, thrust into
 my hand a sheet of paper. I glanced down at it, saw
 that it was covered with the apparently jumbled letters of
 a code message.

   Was this the information that might make of our earth
 a barren waste of red slag? It must be. Something made
 me tremble; I struggled to control my agitation.

   I looked at the address. It seemed innocent enough.
 Leon Monotoya, 14 A 95, Vino del Mar, Valparaiso, Chile.
 It seemed innocent—but was it?

   “Please send it at once,” Castelar repeated. “I have
 business connection in my own land that may not be neg-
 lected.”

   I looked at the three. Anido Castelar, tall, suave, im-
 maculate, but the veiled threat in his black eyes unmistak-
 able. Emil Heink, huge, florid, pale-eyed, coldly menac-
 ing. Iko Satsuma, small man, alert, his bright-eyed, yel-
 low face completely inscrutable. The breathing masks
 that covered the lower part of their faces made their ex-
 pressions oddly sinister.

  They were not openly hostile; they seemed merely
tense, anxious.

   “My orders are to forward no private communications,”
 I said.

   Heink’s face flushed red; the Chilean stiffened; the ex-
 pression of the little Japanese did not change.

  “We can make it worth your while, Senor,” Castelar
said quickly. “The message is very important. One thou-
sand pesos, gold, to send it at once. Bueno?”

 “I’m glad to know the value you set on my honor."

 The German pushed forward angrily, pulling a thick
 package from his pocket.

 “Nonsense enough,” he sputtered. “The message at
 once must go to earth. Here is reward for you sufficient!"

 He ripped open the package, and pulled from it a sheaf
 of stiff, crackling bills. I saw, to my astonishment, that
 the denomination of each was one hundred thousand dol-
 lars. Each of them represented more actual money than I
 had ever seen before. And he began dealing them to
 me like cards!

 “One million! Is that enough? Two millions? Five?”

 I was staggered. I trembled, and felt sweat coming out
 on my body.

 With a fierce, angry movement, I pushed the money
 back at him.

 Then I saw the deadly little ultra-wave projector in
 Satsuma’s yellow hand, an ominous bluish glow flickering
 about the point of the tube.

 “You will dispatch the message at once,” he said, in
 his dead, unaccented English. His face was still an un-
 readable mask.

 “You don’t dare use that!” I shot at him.

 A pencil of blue hissed at me, for answer. A hot needle
 of pain seared across my shoulder; smoke of burned
 flesh and fabric burst from me. I still wear the mark of
 Satsuma’s ray.

 Nausea and weakness flowed over me in a red wave,
 put out my anger. I reeled, grasped at a table, and search-
 ed my brain for some ruse that would give me time to re-
 cover from the first shock of the ray.

 “You win,” I said.

 I took the message and turned to the instrument, while
 the three watched like hawks. I set the dials, began click-
 ing the code letters out upcn the keys.

 Heink was too shrewd for me. Abruptly he sprang upon
 me, seized my seared shoulder in a painful grasp, pointing
 a thick, accusing finger at the xenon tube.

 “We are not fools. Your tube is dead; you send noth-
 ing!”

 I nodded, and handed the paper back again.

 Satsuma lifted his projector.

 “I won’t send it,” I said. “And it won’t particularly
 help matters to kill me—no one else can run the set.”

 A smile came upon the yellow mask of Satsuma’s face,
 a smile that was—dreadful. His dead voice whispered,
 “Before I am done, you will send it—gladly.”

 Then Joan screamed at the door of the shed.

 Castelar crumpled up the paper, thrust it in his mouth.

 Satsuma started toward Joan, then wheeled on me with
 murder in his bright black eyes. I caught him on the jaw
 with a fortunate punch; he fell backward, and the little
 projector clattered from his hand.

 Heink was lumbering toward the door, where Joan
 stood staring, white faced, wide-eyed, terrified.- I ran after

 him.

 The two men who had been on guard outside the main
 valve of the Princess of Peace, attracted by Joan’s cry,
 arrived just as we reached the door. Heink turned back
 at sight of them, and ran to join Castelar, who already had
 the Japanese on his feet.	*

 The three of them ran out through the back of the
 shed, and across the red slag toward the low, glistening
 hills of crimson lava. They should have been followed,
 of course, at once. But Dr. Eldred was away at the mon-
 uments. And my demand that they be arrested resulted
 only in confusion, which I better understood in the light
 of later events.

 The actual bum on my shoulder was not so serious as
 the shock of the ray. I was able to keep on my feet for
 several hours, but Joan insisted upon my going at once
RED SLAG OF MARS	403

to the vacant hospital bay, where she helped me dress the
burn.

  Outside again, we found Dr. Eldred, back from the
monuments, organizing a party to pursue the three fugi-
tives. Eleven men, armed with rocket-rifles and ultra-
wave tubes, set out, half an hour later, toward the red
hills.

  When they were gone, he had two men take sledges
and smash the delicate photoscope equipment beyond pos-
sibility of repair.

  "Sorry, Sidney,” he said, with a sympathetic smile at
my damaged shoulder. ‘But I think it’s safer to wreck
your toy.”

  Only four men came back, of the eleven that set out
after Castelar and Heink and Satsuma. Two were wound-
ed. And they came hastily and in fear of death.

  “We found them, right enough,” reported the lank
Canadian, John Nisbit, who had been the leader. “And
five of my men deserted, turned on the rest of us. Two
were out before 1 knew what was happening. And it
was a narrow squeak for ns four.”

  We set a heavy guard that night. And Dr. Eldred ar-
rested two men and a woman, Sonia Milikov, whom he
suspected of being in sympathy with the refugees, and
locked them in their rooms.

  “An ugly situation,” he said to me. “But it would be
just the same if nationals of the other side had made the
discovery. It’s just the madness of war, that lets such
things happen.”

  Just after midnight there was fighting on the ship. A
half hour of confusion, punctuated with rocket shots, that
started with an explosion in a corridor. Screams. Clangs
of opened hatches. Shouted commands. Clatter of men
running. The sickening hiss of projectors.

  I found my own ray-tube, and went first to Joan’s
room. She was safe, and about to venture out. I made
her go back, and started along the corridor to Dr. Eldred’s
cabin. He flashed a light on my face suddenly, recog-
nized me, and shouted at me to go guard the aft port
companionway.

  I ran off to obey the order, and lay there, useless,
watching the steps, until quiet had returned. Joan found
me there, when it was all over, almost sobbing with her
ridiculous fear that I had been injured. She helped me
back to my room, and dressed my throbbing burn again.

  One of the men on watch had been killed, we found.
And two more badly injured. The three prisoners were
gone from the ship. And eight others. They had carried
arms, had taken supplies sufficient to last them and their
comrades in the hills for several days.

  At intervals, through the rest of the night and the fol-
lowing days, rocket projectiles fired by the men in the
hills fell near the ship, exploding with sharp, angry
snak’s.

  Next morning the remaining members of the party set
up a demand that we take off for the earth at once, leav-
ing the deserters to the fate that would very soon over-
take them upon the lifeless wastes of red slag.

  Dr. Eldred, however, refused to listen to them. He post-
ed lookouts on the high bridge of the Princess oj Peace,
set a heavy guard about her—and then went, alone, back
to the monuments.

  “I’m almost at the end of the inscriptions, now,” he
said. “I’m finding something very important—and rather
astounding. What the Martians did after the monuments
were finished.

  “No good to talk of starting back. We couldn’t run the
ship without the men who have deserted.”

  He donned his oxygen mask, picked up a little pack
he had ready—containing a lunch, I knew, and a flask of

water—and trudged off across the red lava toward the pil-
lars of white metal.

  We saw nothing, that day, of the deserters. The rocket
rojectiles continued to fall, through the morning. Their
arking explosions ceased, however, in the afternoon.
The low red hills seemed to stare at us, ominous and
threatening, in implacable silence. Dr. Eldred did not re-
turn at sunset. Nisbit, who had been second in command,
and two others, ventured out into the chill dusk to search
for him. The vicinity of the monuments was deserted.

  Dr. Eldred had vanished!

  At the time, we could only suppose that he had been
captured by the deserters. Far indeed was that from the
truth.

CHAPTER V

Monsters out of Mars

' | 'HE mutineers came out of the dark hills on the sec-
ond night. My shock from the ultra-wave bum
having been worse than I realized, I had been forced to
return to the hospital bay, despite myself, and so had
no part in the battle.

  On the white, narrow cots I had four companions. Fer-
rero, whose leg had been torn off by a rocket projectile;
Casey, who had been stabbed in the lung with a knife;
Pallin, whose left arm had been amputated because of
ultra-wave bums; and Kennedy, whose eyes had been
burned out with a ray.

  It sickened me to listen to their groans in the night.
To listen . . . and think they had been fine young men,
brave, splendid, taking great risks for the science they
loved—now helpless, disabled, suffering, because of this
madness of war.

  The attackers had slipped up near the ship before they
were discovered. The burst of rocket shots came suddenly.
And a thin, fearful scream. For a moment the whole
ship was heavy with stillness; then came swift confusion
of sound, as the defense was organized.

  I was not able to go below. But I had Joan—who was
acting as a nurse—bring my ray-tube. I got myself to a
chair at the door of the hospital bay, and waited there,
in case they stormed the ship.

  But our men had been ready. Flares lit up the red lava
about the ship, so that the men on the observation deck
could see the attackers, shoot them down with the large
rockets mounted there.

  In five minutes it was over. The deserters were driven
back, leaving three dead or dying, Satsuma and two
others. We lost but one—the man who had screamed. An
ultra-wave beam had burned his head off.

  They brought Petroff and Tunis into the sick bay to
die. I was sorry for them, even if they had been ene-
mies. I knew they had fine minds. Tunis had been a poet
and a gifted musician, before this madness of war had
seized him.

  By that time we had given up hope that Dr. Eldred
would return; we were all considering starting back to
earth.

  Angular, lean John Nisbit, now in command, came
into the hospital on the morning after the attack.

  “How’re you doing, Tancred?” he greeted me, with a
cheering smile.

  “I’ll be up in a day or so,” I assured him. “The shock
of that accursed ray, you know. The burn itself isn’t
serious.”

  “You think,” he asked soberly, “that you could run the
ionodyne generators? You must be pretty well up in
electronics.”
404	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

“I don’t know.” I considered. “Might, after a fash-
ion. Of course that is outside my field. You mean—”
“We must try to get back to earth—if we can. Dr!
Eldred was the navigator, of course. I don’t know who
can calculate for us, in his plaee.”

  “Heink—if he were with us—”

  “Exactly—if he were here. There are a good many
highly specialized jobs about running this ship. And the
men that were trained to fill about half of them are
against us.”

  “I might run the ionodynes—though Castelar could do
it better. But who would take the converters, since Petroff
is dead? Sonia—”

  “It’s one hell of a mess!” He bit his nails in despera-
tion.

  He sat staring at me for half a minute, and said, “Too
big a risk! We’d smash up, sure. Better wait and try to
patch up a truce— Had a message from them, this morn-
ing.

  “Ueland came, waving a white rag. The guard stopped
him, and called me out to see him. He took me off to one
side, and told me that Heink and Castelar have built a
machine to generate the ray that burned out Mars.”
“What’s that?” I gasped, swept with alarm.

   “An electromagnetic vibration,” he explained, “that dis-
integrates oxygen.”

  “Dr. Eldred told me about it. But that will wipe us
out!”

  “It might Usland said they had built the thing, in a
laboratory they have hidden in the hills. Said they have
it trained on us.”

“Just what did he want?”

  “Ship surrendered. Us to agree to help work her back
to earth.”

  “And you told him—”

  “Well, in the first place, I didn’t think they had the
machine. It must be rather complicated, and I know
they haven’t a great deal of apparatus. Then they wouldn’t
dare use it, if they had it. It would wreck the ship, burn
up all the supplies.

  “I told Ueland to go back and think up another one.
He went off in a rage, swearing we’d be burned to red
slag in an hour.”

  “He did?” I was really alarmed. I knew that our op-
ponents were very able scientists.

  “He did. And the hour was up fifteen minutes ago. A
nervous wait, I admit. Didn’t tell anybody else—I was
sure of my grmind, and afraid there might be a panic.”

  It was late tne next day when we saw the Martian flier.
I had left my bed; I was able to totter up to the obser-
vation deck to watch.

  It was sailing over the low red hills, from the north.
The men out in those hills were already firing on it—
simply because their nerves were ragged, I suppose, and
it had alarmed them. We could hear the crackle of their
exploding projectiles, through the open ports.

   It was only natural, of course, that the Martians should
fight back. And natural, too, that they should class us
with the men in the hills.

THE flier was a long green arrow. It must have been
two hundred feet in length, with a diameter of hardly
ten. Little clouds of yellow gas were jetting from its
stern, forming a vague track behind it.

   Already it must have been crippled, when I first saw it.
Its bow was slanting downward; soon I saw a black
hole gaping in its glistening green side.

  But it was fighting back. Little spurts of icy blue
light were darting from small black ports along its sides.
Tiny purple sparks were floating down from it, dancing
and glittering in the air. Sparks that exploded when they

struck, with silent, terrific, devouring bursts of white
flame.

  Chill blue light jetted for an instant toward the Prin-
cess of Peace—and fused a clean, six-inch hole through
her hull, into the power rooms, wrecking one of the great
ionodyne generators.

  That brought us into the battle. We fired a burst from
the big rocket-rifles on the observation deck, and the
green arrow of the Martian vessel fell on the red slag,
just at the foot of those low, glassy scarlet hills.

  That ended the fight for the Martians. Their vessel was
completely wrecked. They crawled from the debris—
those that lived—and got back into the hills. We glimpsed
some of them through binoculars as they made off. Long,
greenish, snake-like things, writhing furtively from the
wreckage, toward the hills.

  Ueland was back, waving his white shirt, in half an
hour. Nisbit received him at the ship’s main valve.

  “We give you one more chance to surrender—” he be-
gan.

  “Enough of that,” Nisbit cut in. “You haven’t that
weapon, or you’d have used it on the green flier. And let
me warn you not to quarrel with the natives. You might
want to ask some favor of them, after we are gone.”

  “Gone?” the man echoed, and went white. “But you
can’t fly the ship.”

  “Not so well, perhaps. But we can get away from here
before more of the green fliers come back to finish the
fight—this one was probably not a fighting ship at all;
the next won’t be so easy.”

  “We will come back,” Ueland offered hastily. “Forget
all that—”

  “If you want to surrender,” Nisbit said, “give up your
arms, and help work the ship to earth, you may come
aboard.”

  Ueland seemed angered. “No!” he shouted. “We keep
our arms!”

  “You will need them,” Nisbit said, “when the green
ships come.”

  Very well,” said Ueland, “we accept.”

  He ran back a little way, and waved the white shirt

  The ex-mutineers came down from the hills, bringing
with them a dead Martian from the wreck.

  A weird thing. It was hard to think that it had been
intelligent. Its body was slender, almost snake-like, nearly
twenty feet long, tapering at each end into a thin, whip-
like, muscular appendage.

  The middle part of the body was thickened; it contained
the vital organs, the great brain; four black eves were
set in it. It had no limbs save those formed by the taper-
ing ends of its body. (Those we had seen leave the green
flier had crawled like snakes.)

  The living thing must have possessed a certain strange
beauty. The green skin was brilliant, velvet-soft, marked
with queer, geometric designs in gold and black.

  It had been crushed when the flier fell; its mangled
internal parts were obtruding through the bright skin;
yellowish, strange-smelling blood oozed from it

  Dr. Eldred was not with our recent enemies, nor had
they seen him. We were sure, then, that the Martians
had captured him.

  We were surprised, of course, to know that any of the
beings still lived. But we knew they must be descendants
of those who had built the monuments on the plain. The
green ship had appeared, Heink said, from the mouth of a
cavern in the lava hills.

  It was twenty hours before we were able to take off.
The hole that the Martian weapon had fused in the hull
had to be repaired, the generator that it had wrecked, re-
built The valves were to be sealed, the entire set of
RED SLAG OF MARS	405

generators to be retuned, the elements of the course cal-
culated.

  In the face of greater peril, the men forgot their re-
cent enmity. Heink fell at once to the vital calculations;
the rest returned to their old stations, or took new ones,
as Nisbit ordered.

  Three hours before we could take off, two more green
arrows appeared flying swiftly over the red hills west-
ward. And chill, pallid blue lights spurted from the low
mountains that hemmed us in, at a dozen points. We
were surrounded!

  “We’ve simply got to trust the other men,” Nisbit mut-
tered to me.

  He ordered the weapons returned to our former ene-
mies. The foes of a few hours before stood shoulder to
shoulder, waiting for the Martian attack, their late quar-
rel healed by this new danger.

  The repairs were completed before the Martians closed

in.

  The Princess of Peace drove upward from the hill-
rimmed plain of red lava, sweeping back with us to the
war-ridden planet of our birth.

npWO days later, when we were a million miles out in
*■ space, and Mars was a little ocher-red moon in the
star-bright inkiness of the void behind, we saw five green
arrows, following. Five long, slender ships, that had
swept out after us, from Mars.

  We crowded on all possible power, and still they gain-
ed rapidly.

  Nisbit served out all the arms on board, and we stood
together at our posts—we who had been at each other’s
throats until this more terrible menace beset us—waiting
the seemingly inevitable conflict.

  Then the men at the telescopes reported that the ships
were not following exactly upon our course. In the next
hour they passed us—eighty miles away—and drew rapid-
ly ahead.

  Inexplicably, we supposed, they had failed to see us.

  Twenty-nine days later our flight was ended upon the
tranquil surface of San Francisco Bay. Tension had risen
among us, as we approached the earth. But there had
been no fighting, for every man was needed at his post;
discord would have meant death for all.

  San Francisco we found half ruined. And only a vast
crater of shattered debris remained where Oakland had
been, between the Berkeley hills and the bay. lonodyne
fliers, a month before, hanging above the atmosphere, had
dropped hundred-ton bombs upon the cities.

  Small craft soon approached the Princess of Peace. An
officer, who said his name was Smithley, came aboard
from a military helioplane, and requested that Nisbit
come at once to confer with General Houston, who had
command of the American Armies along the Pacific.
Nisbit asked me to accompany them, since I had been
the confidant of Dr. Eldred.

  We saw a family, as we went over the shore, that typi-
fied for me the fruits of war. A tiny shack, upon the
tom ruin of the water-front, built of shattered concrete
blocks, roofed with odd scraps of twisted sheet metal.
The blind wreck of a man was sunk in hopeless dejection
before it, only the hideous scar of an ultra-wave bum
where his face had been. A hungry blue-faced child was
crying at his knee. A little distance away, a worn, broken
woman, in tattered rags, was digging wearily in the
mounds of wreckage, with a crooked stick for a spade.—
This, where, a month before, the heart of the world’s
busiest harbor and ionodyne terminal had throbbed might-
ily with commerce.

  As the helioplane carried us down the peninsula, Smith-
ley told us of the attack, from Mars.

  “You certainly roused a hornet’s nest up there,” he be-
gan. “They’ve been raising hell here for two weeks.”

  “Martians on earth!” Nisbit and I cried together.

  “They’re supposed to be Martians. Long green ships
that flash through the air—or up out of it—faster than
any ionodyne flier ever built. Devilish weapons, they
have, too. Little purple sparks that float down—and wipe
out anything they strike!”

  I stared through the ports of the cabin, at the war-torn
country below, struck dumb with astonishment that Mars
had attacked our world.

  “Five of the ships,” Smithley went on. “They destroyed
an American fleet, last week. An ionodyne fleet, that was
bombing Mexico City. Eleven of the big fliers, but they
couldn’t do a thing against the Martians. Just one got
back.

  “But I suppose we’re even, at that On the next night
they wiped out an enemy fleet that was crossing the
Pacific from Tokio. In fact they have just about put a
stop to the war, smashing at the forces of both sides.”

  General Houston we found, harassed and puzzled, at his
headquarters in a dilapidated farmhouse. He asked Nis-
bit and me a thousand questions about Mars, and the
Martians. We supplied all the information we could. He
had his secretary take it down, but it seemed to afford
him little satisfaction.

  “Why the hell did the things come down here?” he
asked, almost querulously. “God knows we had war
enough on our hands, without them interfering, smashing
our air forces, and those of the enemy, too, until we’re
both helpless.”

  We failed to answer his question. At that time, we had
no idea of Dr. Eldred’s part in the attack from Mars.

  We returned to the Princess of Peace when the inquisi-
tion was ended; in this war-tom land there was nowhere
else to go.

  Next day I hooked up the ship’s teleview set, which
had been useless, out beyond the Heaviside Layer. We
gathered before the great screen in the salon, to listen to
the news of war, and the puzzling reports and conjec-
ture concerning the five ships from Mars.

  That night we picked up Dr. Eldred’s broadcast.

  It was sent on a broad wave-band, interfering with
stations on all the public frequencies. Thus all the world
picked it up. And soon all the other stations were silent,
as the whole world watched and listened in astounded
fear.

  Upon our screen appeared the interior of a strange
room. A tiny, cramped room, whose oddly curving walls
appeared to be of polished, bright green metal. Weird,
incomprehensible apparatus crowded it

CHAPTER VI

Eldred Speaks!

DR. ELDRED stood in that remarkable room. Weary,
he looked, to me, exhausted. His old body was thin,
emaciated. But he held his majestic head erect; his lined
face was firm with a great purpose; strong light of deter-
mination burned in his eyes.

  Some adjustment he made, of the fantastic apparatus
beside him. Then he turned, so he seemed to look at us
from the screen. He ran his thin fingers through his
long, tangled hair, with that old, familiar gesture, and
began to speak.

  “People of the Earth,” he said, in the same quiet voice,
that was kind, and sad, and yet had a ring of steel, “I
have a message for you.

  “Some of you may recognize me. But I shall intro-
duce myselL I am Nyland Eldred. Many years ago I
406	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

invented the ionodyne flier, from which you have been
dropping bombs upon your cities, to maim and slay your
women and children. I planned the Federation of Man,
that was to unite you all, and end war. And you cast me
and my work aside.

  “I went to Mars. Now I have come back, to find you
fighting. Why are you at war? How did your quarrel
begin?” His kind, weary voice was touched with scorn.
“A drunken soldier threw a cabbage!”

  A long time he was silent, gazing solemnly from the
screen.

  “In all history, our civilization has known prolonged
peace just once. The peace was the Pax Romano, enforced
by the legions of Rome. And peace can return only when
the whole world is united, a single nation, as all the
civilized world was under Rome.

  “People of the Earth, I tried to give you union and
peace under a government of yourselves. You refused it.
Now I am going to bring peace to you through war, as the
legions of Rome brought it to the ancient world.

   “You have failed to find peace on earth; I will give you
the peace of Mars!

  “For I found living beings on Mars. They may look
repulsive to you. But they long ago discovered the van-
ity of war. They are willing—and able—to end war on
earth.

  “The conquest of the earth has already begun. Hence-
forth it will be a province of the planet Mars, ruled by
Martian governors. You may feel that the price is great
—but you must find peace or die!”

  The weary voice paused. Dr. Eldred looked from the
screen, for a long time, kind, sorrowful, but stern. Then
he said,

  “People of Earth, look upon your future rulers.”

  He turned, gestured. Two things came writhing into
the cramped little room with him.

  Long, slim, sinuous bodies of green, marked with black
and gold. Four strange black eyes oddly placed in the
middle of each. Ends of the bodies tapering into long,
flexible tentacles. Weird, they were, as things of flesh well
could be. But there was a certain beauty in the slender
strength of them, in their bright, geometric markings.

  The things glided into the little green room with the
scientist. He dropped a hand upon one, patted it kindly.
It coiled a long, serpentine tentacle about his body, softly,
caressingly.

  To me, there was something horrible in those long,
snaky bodies, with great eyes staring from their middles.
Something uncanny and repelling. Even the beauty of
their markings of green and gold and black seemed sin-
ister. I knew that I would fight to the death before sub-
mitting to the dominion of such monsters.

  Gasps of horror came from the little group about me,
in the salon of the Princess of Peace. Joan Lenwick seized
my shoulder, peered up_ at me with a white face.

  “Dr. Eldred can’t mean that!” she cried.

  “He must mean it,” I said. “His Martians have already
crushed our air forces.”

  “It will only mean more war,” she whispered. “Not
peace. No human being will ever submit peacefully to
those—things!”

  She shuddered.

  “They seem terrible just because they are strange and
unfamiliar,” I reasoned. “The Doctor seems to be on
good enough terms with them.”

  I looked back at the screen, but the picture had faded.

  Lank, lean-faced Nisbit leaned across to me. “Eldred’s
crazy!” he cried. “No peace in this! It means war—and
more war!”

  I was chief of communications on the flagship of the
new fleet that gathered one gray night five weeks later,

over the North Atlantic. Emil Heink, my late enemy up*
on Mars, was commander of the fleet

  For eleven days the five green arrows from Mars had
hung motionless, twenty thousand miles from the earth,
presumably awaiting reinforcements. This first fleet of
the Federation assembling in the stormy night, was to
sally out into space, to forestall the attack.

   Our ionodyne fliers were of the latest design, swift and
powerful, heavily armed. They were small, however; they
numbered only sixteen; they had been built very hastily;
the crews were mostly ill-trained.

  A great enthusiasm filled all of us. Ours was the first
fleet of the Federation. We represented the whole earth.
We were determined to fight for our planet as men had
never fought before. It mattered little to us that the five
green arrows had been victorious in every combat with
terrestrial forces. We were undaunted by the fact that they
had annihilated the aerial armament of every nation.

  Just two weeks before, the Federation of Man had be-
come a reality, ratified by every government. All earth
was united in it; the armament of the Federation was to
defend the whole world.

' I 'HERE had been protest to the change. But the men-
ace of Mars had swept away petty national quarrels.
And it was agreed that a planet divided against herself
must fall in interplanetary warfare.

  Dr. Eldred’s old plan for the Federation had been ready
to hand. The Tower was waiting by glistening Lake
Geneva, desks ready for the representatives of each nation
to take their seats in the great hall of council. Every
problem of organization had been considered and set-
tled, long years before. The earth donned the Federation
as easily as a man slips into a well-tailored garment.

  The workshops of the world were soon busy, night and
day, fabricating ships for the new fleet of the Federation.
Hastening to offer my services, I was accepted as a com-
munications officer. .

  Only a week before I had left Joan, aboard the old
Princess of Peace, which still floated beside shattered San
Francisco. She did not ask me to stay, but she was cry-
ing when we kissed and parted. I did not know, then,
that she had tried—in vain, of course—to enlist for service
in the new fleet. I had no idea what she planned.

  Before sunrise we rose swiftly out of the cold gray
clouds that rested upon the stormy Atlantic where we had
gathered, the fifteen other vessels following in a gleaming
line behind.

  Above the sky grew darker blue and darker, until it was
black, stars bursting out within it, in hot glory. The
earth drew away below, a misty globe, and we sailed out
into vacant space.

   Never shall I forget the elation that filled me, banish-
ing, for a time, all my fear. The whole planet was united
behind us. We were the first fleet of the Federation of
Man.

  Twenty thousand miles ahead, the five slim arrows from
Mars were motionless, waiting . ..

  Busy as I was, handling the photoscope that transmitted
orders to the other vessels, I found time to look back with
pride in my heart at the misty, luminous sphere of earth,
swung in rosy glory.

  My mind, however, was filled with more personal mat-
ters as we drew near the Martian fliers. I thought a good
deal of Joan Lenwick, and wished that I could see her,
for a few minutes, before the encounter.

  The unexpected fulfillment of my wish, however,
brought me anything but comfort.

  We were ten thousand miles out—midway to the waiting
arrows—when I heard an observer report to Heink,
RED SLAG OF MARS	407

  “A ship ahead of us, sir. A dome-shaped ionodyne flier.
Seems to be moving out toward the Martian fleet.”
“What’s that!” Heink ejaculated, and ran to the tele-
scope.

  “The Princess of Peace!” he cried, from the instrument.
“Contact her commander, Tancred,” he barked, turning
to me. “She has no business out here!”

  With trembling fingers I got the photoscope beam on the
ship ahead.

  “Flagship calling Princess of Peace” I stammered.
“Hello,” came the quick reply. “Thi9 is the Princess
of Peace.”

  “Give me teleview contact with your commander.”

  The teleview screen at the end of the bridge snapped
to life. And upon it was the face of Joan Lenwick.
“Joan!” I gasped.

  She looked at me with an odd smile, then briskly saluted
Heink.

  “Miss Lenwick!” he cried in astonishment.

  “Captain Lenwick, sir, of the Princess of Peace,” ehe
said.

  “What are you doing here?”

  “We have come to fight for the Federation of Man.”
  “But—your crew—”

  “There are many of us on earth ready to fight for the
Federation. Most of my men have seen service on iono-
dyne fliers. I was chosen captain because I had had the
experience on Mars—and because the idea of coming was
mine.”

  “You know that old tub is useless—she wasn’t built
to fight!”

  I saw a glitter of moisture in her eyes. She replied
evenly,

  “We are armed, sir!”

  Trembling, I turned to Heink. “Send her back,” I
pleaded. “She’ll only get herself killed—•”

  He did not even look at me, but he said to Joan, “You
could only sacrifice your ship needlessly. I command you
to return to the earth.”

  “I refuse to obey.” Her voice trembled.

  Almost angrily, he said, “I am Admiral of the First
Fleet of the Federation of Man!”

  “And I am Admiral of the Second Fleet of the Feder-
ation of Man!” she replied. “I suggest that it is time to
prepare for action.”

Disregarding discipline, I ran toward the screen.
“Please, Joan!” I cried. “Please go back. Oh, Joan—”
She looked at me, and I saw heartbreak in her eyes.
“Sidney,” she whispered, “do you think I could wait,
back there, when you are going out—out—,” she choked,
“out to—die—”

  Her image vanished from the screen, leaving me unable
to attend very efficiently to my duties. Cold, dreadful
certainty numbed me. 1 knew that the Princess of Peace,
in the van of our force, would be destroyed by the first
blow from the Martians. Joan was throwing her life
away, and nothing I could do to prevent it.

  In another hour the enemy were in plain view, to the
unaided eye. Five glistening emerald arrows, suspended
motionless against the darkness of space. Ominous, men-
acing, fatal.

  The silvered dome of the Princess of Peace was still
between the lines.

  We fired our first rockets, being forced to aim peril-
ously close to the clumsy vessel that Joan commanded.
Chill blue flame spurted from the green arrows ahead.
Then suddenly, unexpectedly, they retreated. They fled
away from us, at a speed our fliers could not match. They
were swallowed up, forever, in the darkness of the eternal
void.

■plVE years later the retreat of the Martians was still a
A mystery. During the interval, no green ship had been
seen. But attack was still expected. The powerful fleets
of the Federation of Man were always ready. Men, in
their sense of union against the danger from without, were
swift forgetting old sectional fears and hates.

  When the green arrow of the Martian flier was seen
over the Sahara, the fleets of the Federation were swiftly
in the air. Scouring the atmosphere above all Africa,
and scanning the sands of the desert, they found Dr.
Eldred.

  The ship that brought him escaped. They found the
old scientist trudging wearily toward the nearest oasis,
laden with a pack that contained food and water.

  Arrested at once, he was taken to Lausanne, imprisoned
in the Federation Tower that he himself had built, and
charged with being a Martian spy, a traitor to man.

  As I have told in the beginning, I found him in a cell
in the tower.

  “You promise solemnly not to reveal the story until
your best judgment tells you it can be done without dan-
ger to the Federation?” he asked me, as we sat face to face
in that long room, with azure Lske Geneva glistening
below the window that was barred with deadly blue ionic
beams.

  “I promise,” I said—though reluctantly.

  “In twenty years—or fifty—the truth might do no
harm.”

  He pushed his long fingers through his hair—which
was thinner, now, and white—in the old gesture I remem-
bered so well, and began.

  “ I had supposed, of course, that the Martian race was
dead. I had no idea, until I had almost reached the end
of the inscriptions, that those who built the monuments
had been able to survive.

  “But I learned that they had retreated to a series of great
caves beneath the barren surface of the desolated planet,
where water and breathable air remained. They had
planned, so said the records, to enlarge these caverns,
connect them with others, rear a new race in them.

  “When I left the Princess of Peace, on that last morn-
ing, Sidney, I had already finished translating the inscrip-
tions. I knew approximately where to look for the cav-
ern, back in the red hills, not far away.

  “I walked on past the monuments, and out into the lava
hills. Before noon, I found the rift, and entered. The
descending passage was narrow at first, and dark. It
widened, slowly. At length I came out into vast spaces,
illuminated with artificial light—blue-white, dazzling
globes, suspended from the rocks. The floor of the cav-
erns was covered, there, with luxuriant gardens. Gro-
tesque plants, violet-colored and blue, that bore fruits as
large as my body.

  “I was soon in contact with the Martians. You have
seen them. Elongated green bodies, mottled with gold
and black. Highly intelligent, of course. They received
me with the interest and consideration that I had expected
from such civilized beings.

  “I had prepared myself, of course, to communicate with
them. I had a fair knowledge of the written language on
the monuments. I brought with me pads of paper, pen,
colored pencils. Oral intercourse was, naturally, out of
the question for the time being—I later discovered, in fact,
that the Martians have no vocal organs; their informal
communication is by use of electromagnetic waves.

  “Anyhow, I got into contact with the three who found
me there in the strange cave-garden. I had an introduction
of myself already written out, on a sheet of paper. It
was hard, at first, to get them to notice the paper, because
they were so interested in the rest of me. Then they had
(Continued on Page 423)
THE STERILE WORLD

By Warren D. Sanders

yiuusvraivm oy rauif
the death ray made short work of the
THE STERILE WORLD

SHORTLY after the Rebellion of the Workers had flared
into active strife, the Old Race saw the beginning of
the Great Cessation. For over a year, not a single
child had been born!

  Such were the findings of the
International Board, and even the
most skeptical were finally con-
vinced that mankind was face to
face with disaster in a most amaz-
ing form; complete, world-wide
progenitive sterility! Furthermore,
the appalling affliction extended to
animals of the lower order, as well.

Only those creatures hatching from
eggs were unaffected, multiplying
with normal frequency. Truly, an
alarming situation!

  Each warring faction at first had
been inclined to lay the unheard-of
state of affairs at the door of the
other. Then the International
Board was formed and hostilities
were suspended while perplexed
biologists investigated the enigma;
a menace which threatened the
eventual extermination of friend
and foe alike.

  Now, it is impossible
for the modern mind
adequately to picture
conditions as they were
on Arth* during the
twenty-fourth century,
just prior to the Great
Cessation. It is al-
most inconceivable to
us that the history of
the Old Race should
be, as it is, little more
than a record of in-
terminable warfare.

It actually would seem
that the business of
war was the paramount
issue of their lives. The
slightest disagreement
was sufficient to plunge
the entire world into
terrible, decimating
conflict, and there are
instances of record
where the provocation
seemed to have been
deliberately brought
about.

  Of course, there al-
ways were extenuating
circumstances to justi-
fy the wars. Founded
as it was, on a base of
superstitious fear, intelligent design in the pattern of the
old civilization could not logically have been looked for.
As an example, individuals were permitted to hoard and
•Known to the ancients aa Earth.

call their own, unlimited quantities of any or all the pro-
ducts of nature and life’s essentials. Even the surface of
Arth itself was divided by boundaries into separate par-
cels which were the private property of this or that indi-
vidual. Imagine the confusion that
must have resulted from such prac-
tice!

   Also, hereditary defects of mind
and body were the rule, rather than
the exception, but unimaginable as
it seems, eugenics in any form was
frowned upon. Because of child-
ish, distorted conceptions of reli-
gion, children were allowed to be
born to any and all, regardless of
physical deficiencies, and the peo-
ple were shocked and horrified by
every suggestion that might have
led to selective mating or intelligent
control of the population. Then,
too, those were the days before the
Matumator had been developed,
and mothers perforce carried their
progeny for the full period of in-
cubation, thereby infusing into the
newly forming characters what was
known as “instinct”;
a certain, uncontrolla-
ble reflex action to any
given circumstance. It
is, therefore, easy to
understand that a race
so propagated would
tend only to hinder its
own ultimate evolution
into a life-form of con-
scious mental control
and pure emotion.

   But such was the
status of the Old Race
at the time of the Great
Cessation, when it
found itself suddenly
confronted by extinc-
tion in the form of uni-
versal sterility.

   Numberless exam-
inations and experi-
ments were made. The
war was completely
forgotten and every re-
source turned toward
a solution of the terri-
fying, and seemingly
insolvable problem.
The cause of the
scourge was never dis-
covered, and though
science worked with
the fervor of despera-
tion, the barren years rolled by and old age took its in-
evitable toll. Children and babies grew to maturity and
took over the task. But unreplenished, Arth's huge popu-
lation became constantly more feeble and dwindled at an

 W/E are apt, in our busy lives, to forget the tre-
 ” mendous importance of various rays and
 emanations which beat upon us every second in
 our lives.

   Not so many years ago, for instance, it was dis-
 covered that those working with intense X-rays
 were deprived of their reproductive powers. Hu-
 man animal instinct, thus, can be made sterile at
 will. Many scientists today hold the view that the
 vanishing of such huge beasts as the Dinosaur
 group was caused by the too intense application of
 ultra-violet rays, as we have them today.

   At one period of the earth’s evolution, a heavy
 fog planet surrounded the earth and the atmos-
 phere was much denser than it is today. This ef-
 fectively cut off the ultra-violet rays from the sun.
 Later on, as the fog lifted and oceans were formed
 and the sun began to beat upon the earth, the ul-
 tra-violet radiation proved to be too strong for the
 Dinosaur group and they were cut off.

   Suppose it were possible to train upon the earth,
 rays of the strength of present X-rays or stronger.
 It takes no great imagination to figure out that all
 living things under the effect of these rays would
 become sterile and in time the world become de-
 populated of all living things. This is one of the
 possibilities that our author envisaged in this pow-
 erful tale, which we heartily recommend to you.

I

409
410	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

alarming rate.

  With the passing of time, scattered remnants of the Old
Race diminished and disappeared until, in a dilapidated
cottage on the outskirts of a once teeming city of mid-
western Noma, the continent known to the Ancients as
North America, there lived a feeble centenarian who to
the best of his knowledge was mankind’s sole remaining
prototype.

  In his youth, the old scientist had been only one among
the vast army working in a magnificent laboratory de-
voted exclusively to study of the universal enigma. He
had seen the race grow old and helpless. He had seen his
associates, one by one, give over their tasks. He had
buried his assistant and worked grimly on, alone. At last
had come success—and failure.

  The composite emanation from a blended beam of
alpha, beta and gamma rays was the answer! Feverishly,
the old man turned to his televisor to spread the news, but
Arth had gasped her last. One after another, he explored
every wave-band on the scale, only to be greeted in each
instance by the same response—blank, desolate silence.

  Mentally unhinged by the shock of realization, he had
fled the ghost-city. For weeks he had lived at the cottage;
the dilapidated home of a once prosperous farmer, sub-
sisting on fruits and herbs that had not been cultivated
for three-score years.

  A late afternoon sun hung low in a cloudless, midsum-
mer sky. Lush, green vegetation grew all about in a riot
of wild profusion. A mocking bird, perched on a swaying
twig, burst into sudden, carefree melody, blissfully un-
aware of human tragedy. A gentle breeze stirred the
leaves and a multitude of insects carried on their busy
industry in the security of the tall grasses. As was his
wont, the old man lay on a pallet of rags in the shade of
the hut, gazing up the wide, glassy road of amber crystal
that passed close by and led toward the deserted spires
of the dead city, visible on the northern horizon.

  High above the skyline, a speck of silvery light mater-
ialized and approached at breathless speed. Out of the
deep blue it came closer and closer; a mirror-bright ovoid
of polished metal; a space ship of vast proportions. It
settled lightly to the road a few hundred feet north of the
hut. Massive supports sprouted from its under side and
rested solidly on the amber pavement. Noiselessly, a
round port opened and a railed gangway slid out.

  Although he appeared to be staring directly at the ship,
the old man gave no indication that he had seen it. Not
a muscle moved; he lay perfectly motionless.

CHAPTER I
A Lone Survivor

A BOARD the Diana, Therol Antrim II waited impatient-
ly while the massive door backed rapidly out of its
threads and into the arms of the waiting gimbals which
swung it to one side. For years he had planned and
dreamed of the moment when he would first set foot upon
Arth, favored daughter of Helios,* and by virtue of his
rank, he was first through the port and down the gangway.

  Thai Vedor, second in command, and Elta Entriss, Navi-
gator and highest ranking woman on the ship, were right
at his heels. Those of the crew not on duty filed out and
formed excited groups that drifted from one point of in-
terest to another; examining the shrubbery, the grass and
even the soil. In a very few minutes the huge ship had
disgorged fully a hundred people.

  They were remarkable in many ways, these visitors from

•The Sun.

another world. Perhaps the most astonishing thing, had
a member of the Old Race been there to see and hear,
would have been their language. They spoke a modified,
but very excellent English.

  And there was their unique attire. They had long since
abandoned man’s primitive inclination toward uncomfort-
able, health-killing costume. A sleeveless, knee-length
robe worn over short trunks was belted at the waist, and
soft, flexible sandals completed their entire apparel. Un-
qualified good health was obvious. Their skins were
smooth and tanned to the color of new bronze. Every in-
dividual seemed to be an exemplification of perfect phy-
sical development, and their level, fearless eyes radiated
strength; strength of mind and character.

  Absolute sex equality was denoted by the number of
attractive and distinctly feminine women that mingled with
the laughing, carefree groups scattered about the ship. All
were bareheaded and wore the same type of costume, but
the soft, colorful fabrics of the women made sharp con-
trast with the plainer robes of the men. The latter wore
their hair cut fairly short, while the longer tresses of the
women were held in place by bright, jeweled headbands.

  After days of confinement aboard the ship, Therol was
grateful for the pleasant warmth of the sun and the fresh,
fragrant atmosphere of a verdant planet. Drawing in
great breaths of invigorating air, he inspected the sur-
rounding landscape and his roving eyes soon fell upon the
figure of the old man beside the hut. His handsome face
lit up with excitement as he grasped the arms of his com-
panions and cried:

  “Look Elta! Thai! There are survivors, and against
all probability we have landed near one. Come.” And
the three set out down the road at an eager pace. When
they stood over the recumbent form, however, their exul-
tation quickly gave way to disappointment.

  The old man was dead.

  A search of the hut revealed nothing, and it was not
until years afterward that a monochord reel containing a
record of the centenarian’s fruitless achievement was un-
earthed in the deserted laboratory, and his identity estab-
lished.

  Without fuss or sentiment, the body was carried to the
ship and placed in a heavy, crystal coffin to which a power
line was connected. A switch was thrown and for several
seconds a scintillating arc of ruby fire blazed in the
heart of the box. The current was then cut and the lid
raised. Except for a small glass bulb scarcely larger
than a man’s thumb, attached to an electrode at one end,
the crystal box was empty. This glass capsule was care-
fully removed, labeled and filed in a small steel cabinet

  Thus did the ashes of the last man of the Old Race come
to rest in the sepulture of the Diana, first space ship from
the Uplands of Juno, on the planet Vena.*

SEVERAL days later, Therol stood before the delta-ray
screen in the navigating room and studied an imper-
ceptibly spinning, six-foot globe depicted thereon. A
sprinkling of tufty, white cloud spots failed to disguise
the twin continents floating upon a shimmering blue sphere
capped with white at either pole. Without doubt the
continents were Noma and Soma, and the globe itself was
Arth, viewed across many thousands of miles of space.

  “Course checks,” remarked Therol after a series of cal-
culations. “A little more speed and we will synchronize
with the surface.”

  Elta spoke a few brief words into the engine-room com-
municator and the Diana jumped smoothly forward. When
the short period of acceleration was over, the projected

•Known to {he ancients as Venus.
THE STERILE WORLD	411

image of Arth was completely motionless. Satisfied, Ther-
ol sat down at the delta-ray controls and peered intently
into the hooded visor of the range indicator. Expert fin-
gers played over a complication of dials as he made sev-
eral quick adjustments, then straightened up and pressed a
button. Simultaneously, the view on the screen changed.

  In stereoscopic clearness, the southern half of a great,
shimmering lake appeared. On the shore of the lake and
in the exact center of the screen, lay a vast network of
tangled lines and varicolored checkers that comprised the
dead city of Chico.*

  “All set, Therol?” asked Elta, and receiving a nod in
reply, she again spoke into a microphone':

  “Ray crew stand by.”

  A small, green bulb in the Navigator’s control panel
flashed an acknowledgement, which was followed immed-
iately by the throbbing vibration of massive generators
deep within the ship’s vast belly.

  “You have your target,” continued Elta, and the green
bulb flickered again. “Cut three banks of C-ray into the
K-beam. Range three, point two-six-nine. Ready—” and
at another nod from Therol:

  “Contact!”

  For several minutes a red bulb on the control board
glowed dully, then winked out. Therol had not taken his
eyes from the screen, and a pink haze enveloping the an-
cient city told him of the accuracy of the ray crew’s marks-
manship. The pink haze deepened into a bright, spark-
ling red and the checkerboard of streets and buildings
seemed to writhe for an instant before collapsing beneath
a slowly billowing cloud of smoke and dust.

  “And—that’s that,” sighed Elta, as she threw out the
delta-ray switch and sat down beside Therol, who settled
himself comfortably into one corner of the divan before
replying:

  “Yes, I too hated to see the old city destroyed, but the
location was ideal for the site of the new city. Besides,
the work of Thai and his crew of builders will be mater-
ially hastened by the salvaging of cry steel, which alone
was not converted into hydrogen and burned by our
K-beam. That was Thai’s idea. As you probably have
already deduced, by using as we did the three banks of
C-ray, the K-beam dissolution was retarded and the liber-
ated hydrogen, saturated with the C-ray, did not explode
in the customary manner. It burned evenly, and the re-
sultant conflagration, the intensity of which closely ap-
proximated that of the sun, will leave only the cry steel, _
conveniently smelted down for future use.”

  “Oh, I know it had to be done,” replied Elta. “But
somehow, I hated to see the old city go. Of course, there
are hundreds of others, and some day .. . when we return,
I shall explore them to my heart’s content...

  “But right now I must correct our course. Vena, Ther-
ol? Aye! The Summits of Juno—home!”

  Suiting action to her words, the Dianas energetic young
navigator studied her charts for a moment, set up a string
of figures on the calculator and issued instructions to var-
ious parts of the ship. After several busy minutes, she
again turned to Therol.

  “Have you given up hope of finding another survivor,
or shall I post the regular delta-ray lookout?”

  “Post the lookout, by all means,” replied Therol. “I
suppose it is a useless gesture, but you never can tell.
Nature does strange things, and human life is most tena-
cious. While it would seem incredible, somewhere on
Arth there may be a struggling little group whose ances-
tors somehow evaded the omega ray. Somewhere, there
may be the nucleus for another barbarous civilization.

•Probably Chicago.

If so, they must be found and our plans altered . . .”

  Elta nodded and turned once more to her instruments.
Therol was right, of course. But Therol was nearly al-
ways right, for that matter. His keen, logical brain,
coupled with an unsurpassed scientific and philosophical
training, had won for him the highest position in the
Summits: Chief Councillor and virtual ruler of fifty mil-
lion people.

'T'HE sagacity of posting a delta-ray lookout was evi-
-*■ (fenced in less than an hour. A tinkling chime called
Therol’s attention to the ship’s communicator grid and
the pretty face of the lookout appeared as her voice sound-
ed from the speaker:

“Peculiar markings near Arth’s south pole. Close-up
shows signs of human activity. Your wishes, Councillor? ’
‘Thanks, Carmin,” acknowledged Therol. ‘Transfer
your circuit to me and stand by.” Then to Elta: “What
is our position at present, relative to Arth?”

  “A trifle over ten diams distant, forty-two degrees south
of the ecliptic at an acceleration of point three-five,” re-
plied the Navigator promptly.

  “Good. Strike a curve to ninety degrees south and
decelerate. We may want to land.”

  For several minutes Therol pored over the visor.**

  It was midwinter at Arth’s south pole, and at first the
screen showed only as a square of eddying, gray-white
desolation. Wind devils of sleet and snow obscured the
surface. But presently a lull came and Therol was able
to make out the irregular line of a stone wall built on a
rocky, barren knoll. In the lee of the wall laid an over-
turned sled and its wooden runners were worn smooth
and shiny by unmistakably recent use!

  Therol shifted the view and scanned the hundred-foot
length of wall. It dwindled to nothing at one end, but
at the other, it abutted a low escarpment where the
knoll ended at the foot of a towering mountain. Open-
ing into the mountain-side where the wall joined the es-
carpment at a sharp angle, was what appeared to be a
large doorway, closed over by a panel of heavy, wooden
slabs!

  “By Jove, Elta!” exclaimed Therol. “I’ll give you odds
of two to one that we find somebody living in that cave!”
“Nothing doing, young fellow,” grinned Elta. “Your
bets are usually cinches. And besides, I know what you
are thinking. In the immediate vicinity of the poles,
Arth’s magnetic force probably was strong enough to,
counteract the omega-ray, and that ‘most tenacious hu-
man life’ you referred to awhile ago may have been living
at the south pole during the ray bombardment.”

  “Good girl; that’s sound reasoning,” approved Therol.
“And in all probability we will find the cave occupied by
descendants of ‘that tenacious life.’ ”

  Had he suddenly glanced in her direction, Therol might
have surprised the look of yearning that burned in Ella’s
eyes for an instant, and the flush of pleasure that mantled
her unusually pretty face at his praise. Almost everyone
on the ship knew of Elta’s silent devotion to Therol, but he,
like most men since time immemorial, had always taken
her quite matter-of-course, searching afar for the very star
that blinded him with its close radiance. Elta had re-
covered her poise by the time he took his eyes from the
screen and continued:

••In behalf of those who may not be familiar with the delta-
ray, it is composed of two extremely tight cathode beams from
which its name was derived. On the Diana, the projector for
one beam was situated at the bow and the other at the stern,
thus providing the widest possible angle. Being mutually at-
tractive in character, where these two invisible beams come in
contact, a whirl of light sensitive energy Is created. The result
is obvious. Light impulses picked up at the beam intersec-
tion are carried by the minus ray back to a receiver, where
they are filtered out and amplified as desired.
412

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  “At any rate, we’ll soon see.”

CHAPTER II
Rumblings of Intrigue!

SHUNTING a penetrating gamma beam into the delta-
ray circuit, he slowly lengthened the focus, and the
scene on the screen moved forward; toward the door and
through it; on down a long, dark passage and out into an
immense, dimly lighted cavern.

  Gigantic, grotesque stalactites, gleaming with pale phos-
phorescence, hung from the lofty ceiling and furnished the
dim light. A forest of stalagmites covered all the floor
except a gently sloping area that led to a small pool.
On the brink of the pool huddled three skin shelters and
before one of these a peat fire burned in a stone grate.

  Slowly, the ray advanced. The cavern seemed to be un-
occupied. No, wait! Crouched in the entrance to the
tent before the fire, her head bowed upon her knee in a
posture of dejection, was the figure of a woman clothed
in a clumsy robe of sealskin. She raised her head and
stared out across the pool. That she was very young,
not over nineteen or twenty, was readily apparent, as also
was her sorrow. Her eyes were red and swollen from
weeping.

  Several hours later, the Diana had landed, taken aboard
the girl Therol had found in the cavern, and resumed her
interrupted journey.

  Therol paced restlessly up and down the room while Elta
busied herself with her instruments. Once more clear of
the atmosphere and well established on her course, the
navigator checked her figures and turned the ship over to
the pilot room.

  “I’ve an idea we found her none too soon, Therol,” she
finally broached the subject uppermost in the minds of
both. “I’m firmly convinced that the poor child bad al-
ready decided to end her own life.”

  Therol flung himself down beside the speaker, on the
luxurious divan beneath a row of ports in the outer wall.
“But hang it all, Elta,” he complained, frowning at the
low ceiling, “what are we going to do with her?”

  “Why, make a full-fledged Uplander out of her, of
course. She’s young and adaptable, and if you wish, I’ll
take charge of her; see to her education and training for
some useful position.”

  “You’re a jewel to volunteer for the job, my dear, but
unless I am badly mistaken, it will prove to be no easy
one. To begin with, she is of the Old Race; subject to its
inhibitions and prejudices. And she is very attractive.
Therefore, she is certain to find a lover among our young
men, and when that happens . .. Because of her race, the
Eugenics Board will never grant her the right to' mother-
hood ...”

  “Oh, well, let’s cross those bridges when we reach
them.” Characteristically, Elta dismissed future compli-
cations with a cheerful flourish. “And remember, her an-
cestry was isolated from the world for several generations.
She may be unspoiled; amenable to training.”

  “At any rate, let’s hope so.” But Therol was plainly
dubious. The great experiment of the Patriune had con-
clusively proven that heredity is not easy to conquer; that
it takes many generations of watchful care to breed out
and completely obliterate undesirable tendencies of the
human character.

  Shortly afterward, the subject of the foregoing discus-
sion was ushered into the navigating room by Carmin, the
little lookout, who had volunteered to share her room and
wardrobe with the forlorn stranger.

  That Chlo Andreas was beautiful could not be denied,

even when judged by the rigid standards of the Uplanders.
The ease and unconscious grace of her carriage denoted
inherent physical coordination and development. Her
vivid beauty was typical of the race of ancient Franz,*
from which she sprang.

  Lustrous, blue-black hair was pulled tightly back from
her pale, oval face, and hung over one shoulder in a
long braid. Her wistful, deep-brown eyes were a little
timid, although they no longer filled with tears and she
had begun to take a shy interest in the awe-inspiring
strangeness of her new surroundings. A hot bath and
a delicious meal had helped, too, although in the unac-
customed scantiness of Carmin’s newest and most cher-
ished uniform, she felt distinctly uncomfortable under
Therol’s appraising scrutiny.

  Therol unobtrusively busied himself with the mono-
chord machine. For the next hour or so, the little strang-
er’s every word would be faithfully recorded for future
analysis, and more satisfactory results would be obtained
if this was done without her knowledge. When he had
the machine adjusted to his satisfaction, he turned to the
divan and found the girl entirely at ease, actually smiling
at something Elta had said.

  Leave that to Elta; no situation was too delicate for
her to manage. Under her peerless guidance, the conver-
sation shifted by imperceptible degrees into a definite
channel. Bit by bit, Chlo’s story came out, and ar-
ranged in proper sequence, it summed up as follows:

  More than a hundred years previously, her grandfather
several times removed, Captain Michael Andreas, had led
an expedition into the wilds of Antarctica. In addition
to the crew, the large airship had carried a number of
prominent men and their families. All went well until
they had flown over the pole, circled and headed back
toward Little America, when they ran into a terrific
storm. The ship was helplessly caught up in a blinding
maelstrom that tossed her about for a while, then crashed
her down upon the ice. No lives were lost, but the ship
was wrecked beyond repair. Even the wireless was de-
molished.

  The expedition had been well provisioned, and its mem-
bers were not seriously alarmed. Its sponsors, puzzled by
its sudden silence, would promptly send out a rescue ship.
But for some unknown reason, the relief ship was never
sighted and the weeks lengthened into months. Before
they realized it, savage winter was upon them and several
people died from exposure before a permanent camp
could be built from the materials of the wrecked airship.

"V’EARS passed and the little colony was still trapped
behind the ice barrier. The most hardy adapted
themselves to a diet composed mostly of fish, and in spite
of their malevolent environment, prospered, in a primi-
tive sort of way. Books from the old ship’s generous
library were carefully preserved. A school had been es-
tablished, and by the time of Chlo’s father civilization
had dimmed into a legendary, tribal memory.

  Then came the awful snowslide; the devastating ava-
lanche that had engulfed the whole village. Only Chlo’s
father, mother and two old women had escaped.

  After days of hopeless wandering, they had discovered
the entrance to the cavern, uncovered by a favorable
wind. By dint of much labor, handicapped by lack of
tools, her father had built the door and the snow wall
before he died. Chlo had been born in the cavern and
knew nothing of the world outside the small area sur-
rounding it other than what she learned from the few
precious books salvaged from the snowslide. She could

•France.
THE STERILE WORLD	413

not remember her father; he had died while she was still
a baby.

  Left alone with a small child to support, the terrible
hardships of the three women can be imagined. Had they
ever known the softer comforts of civilization, it is ex-
tremely doubtful that they could have survived. But they
were inured to the bitter lash of the wind; the fish and
seal-meat diet; the long, shivery nights huddled over a
tiny fire. And somehow, during the eternal struggle for
existence, Chlo had received rudimentary instruction in
reading and writing, as well as the carefully cherished lit-
tle graces so closely identified with her race. All had gone
fairly well until the death of the two older women, but
the year of increased loneliness that followed undermined
her mother’s reason, and—

  “—and yesterday,” sobbed Chlo in conclusion, “while
I was away at the fish trap, she wandered out into the
snow. This morning—I found—saw her body—at the bot-
tom of an ice crevice—”

  “There, dear,” comforted Elta as she drew the weeping
girl close. “Don’t you cry; don’t you worry. From
now on you are going to be my very own little sister.”
When Therol returned to the room a few minutes
later, he found the two girls chatting as if they had known
each other for years. The girl from Arth was sitting on
her feet at one end of the divan, listening avidly to Elta’a
plans.

  “—and when you have finished your general school-
ing,” Elta was saying, “you shall choose your own field
and train yourself for the position you prefer.”
“Wonderful!” breathed Chlo. “I have read of the

Seat cities. In one of my books is a picture of Paree.
ow often have I prayed that I could wake up some
morning and find myself in one of those beautiful build-
ings! Is Juno as great a city as Paree?”

  Elta smiled and threw a quick glance in Therol’s di-
rection. “Oh, much larger,” she assured Chlo. “All
Paree might have lived in our largest building—the Tri-
bunal, and the population of Juno, not counting children
below school age, is nearly fifty million.”

  Chlo stared with shining eyes. Fifty million people!
More than ten times larger than the city of her dreams.
And she was going to Juno!

  “But when are we going to start,” she asked, sudde..ly.
For a moment Elta looked puzzled, then burst out
laughing. “We haven’t stopped, child. Right now, we
are traveling at a speed of—let’s see—a little better than
twelve miles per second, and are gradually getting faster
all the time. It only seems that we have stopped moving
because our acceleration has been reduced to just a little
above normal gravity—only enough to counteract Arth’s
diminishing attraction as we draw away from her, keep-
ing our weight normal.”

  While Chlo caught very little of the actual meaning of
Elta’s words, one thing was unmistakably clear. The ship
was moving at unthinkable speed, and away from Arth.
In answer to her frightened query, Elta led her around
the end of the divan and pressed a button beneath one of
the ports. Within multiple layers of glass, a steel shutter
moved aside and revealed a scene of majestic splendor.

  A million bright points of unwinking light, each of
slightly different color and intensity, hung in a curtain
of night so deeply black it seemed almost tangible. Viewed
as a group, these tiny dots of light became a glowing
cluster, apparently plastered to the surface of the port
itself, and if any individual point was singled out, the
effect was the same; it thrust its minute pencil of light
from just outside. There was no standard of comparison
in space; no diffraction and diffusion, hence no perception
of distance.

  ‘‘They are stars?” Chlo only half comprehended.

P LTA closed the shutter. She had forgotten that space
and its myriad contents would have little or no mean-
ing for Chlo. How could the situation be explained to
her?

  Therol came to the rescue and drew a large chart of
he solar system, explaining in detail the movements of
the planets around the sun. He drew a line from Arth
to a point slightly in advance of Vena and explained that
by the time the Diana had completed the course indicated
by the line, Vena would be there to meet them.

  Then he turned to the delta-ray. First he showed the
girl a projection of Arth, a brightly glowing, emerald
globe that filled half the screen. The continents of Urop
and Asha* were plainly discernible, and following a
whimsical impulse, Therol made a number of delicate ad-
justments at the visor and flashed another view onto the
screen.

  “Paree!” exclaimed Chlo excitedly. “Just like the pic-
ture in my book.”

  Therol smiled and made another adjustment This
time, the screen held a ball of light so bright it hurt the
eyes, even though it had been filtered through a heavy
black lens and was scarcely a foot in diameter. Its surface
was a seething furnace of free energy and great tongues of
living flame lashed out from the periphery only to settle
slowly back.

  “Helios, the sun,” expounded Therol. “And see the
tiny, golden globe a little to the left? That is Vena; our
destination.”

  Chlo had gone away with Carmin, who was to supervise
the first steps of her education. Therol and Elta, having
just finished what by way of convenience they termed their
evening meal, sat in the Duma’s luxurious lounge and
watched with languid interest a group of young people
dancing to the strains of low music in the salon just be-
yond. Later, perhaps, they would join the dancers, but
now they were content to sit and talk, their conversation
drifting easily from one point of interest to another.

  Elta lolled back in the richly upholstered chair and
stretched her shapely legs out before her with an air of
almost sensual pleasure. Digging her heels into the deep
texture of the rug, she slipped her feet out of their san-
dals and blissfully wriggled her toes.

  “I simply didn’t have the heart to tell Chlo that her
wonderful Paree, along with all the others of Arth, is only
a ghost city,” she remarked, languidly.

  “Perhaps it is better that you didn’t,” replied Therol.
“Such knowledge at present would only upset her without
accomplishing anything. Let her first live for awhile in
one of the Summits. Let her get more familiar with our
ideals. Let her study our philosophy, then who knows;
perhaps she will make a good and useful citizen.” And
as an afterthought, almost irrelevantly, Therol said:
“She is a pretty little thing.”

  “Oh, undoubtedly,” agreed Elta. Then, with a mali-
cious twinkle in her grey eyes: “But if you don’t want to
see Nisha’s claws, don’t make the mistake of telling her
how attractive you think any other woman is.”

  Therol turned the full battery of his piercing blue eyes
upon his navigator. “Just what have you got against
Nisha?” he asked, after a moment.

  “Am I compelled to like her, simply because she is a
Councillor?” countered Elta, somewhat evasively. She
knew, even if Therol didn’t, that only Nisha Pandor
stood between herself and the fulfilment of all her dreams.
What wouldn’t she give for Nisha’s place in Therol’s
•Known to tUo ancients as Europe and Asia.
414	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

thoughts! But no sign of all this showed on her face,
however, as she listened with an amused smile to her
companion’s quick defense of the stately Nisha.

   "If she hadn’t been rated as one of the three most in-
telligent people in the Uplands, she wouldn’t be on the
Council. She has a very winning personality, and even
you must admit that she is beautiful. But I know you
better than that, Elta. You don’t take a dislike to people
without a reason. Come; what’s on your mind?”

   “She is too aloof; calculating,” stated Elta, shortly,
eying her chief speculatively, as if weighing something
in her mind. After an interval she continued, and the
low earnestness of her voice was at marked variance from
her usual carefree, almost flippant manner.

   “All right, Therol, I can’t prove it, but you asked for
it, and at the risk of having you think me guilty of mali-
cious slander, I’m going to tell you just what I think.
There is some sort of strange alliance between your two
assistants. Twice, recently, I have surprised Jaddo and
Nisha in furtive consultation in the Hall of Light. Each
time, the tone of their voices abruptly changed when they
noticed my approach. I am convinced that they are plan-
ning something—something they know you would not
rove of ...”

or a long while Therol stared gravely at the opposite
wall before replying.

   “I know that Jaddo is peculiar in many ways, and I have
found occasion to censure some of his methods, but he is
an exceptionally brilliant scientist. And as for Nisha—
Elta, I cannot conceive of either of them conspiring . . .

   And he dismissed Elta’s premonitions as groundless.
Not many days passed, however, until he had grievous
cause to recall them, and to wish that he had given them
more consideration.

CHAPTER III

Figures in The Dack

PRECISELY on schedule, the Diana slid through Vena’s
upper atmosphere and settled gently down to the roof
of the Tribunal. Standing beside an open port, Chlo gazed
spellbound at the spreading panorama of a scene of un-
surpassed beauty.

   A great cluster of mountain peaks thrust their heads
above a shimmering ocean of white mist; a mist that re-
flected the rays of a slanting, red sun, and which, level
and unbroken, surrounded the peaks in a motionless ex-
panse extending as far as the eye could reach.

   The entire city was built upon the summits of these
peaks. The buildings themselves were colossal; superb
creations of fairy splendor, snatched from some ethereal
paradise and refashioned by a giant’s hand into struc-
tures of almost inconceivable proportions and beauty of
design. Chlo counted twenty-seven peaks of varying size
and height, and each peak was crowned by a single build-
ing; a mammoth pile of softly tinted masonry and glist-
ening crysleel. The general design was the same through-
out: geometric heaps of terraced masonry, pyramided to
a flat-roofed apex. However, no two of them were iden-
tical, either in size or arrangement. Some were true
pyramids, others were conical, while a great many were
exceedingly intricate polyhedrons. Graceful balconies,
arched casements and a wealth of slender spires and tow-
ers broke the step-like monotony of the terraces, where
flowering gardens created a riot of perfumed brilliance.

  Only the Tribunal was different. Surmounting the
highest peak in the center of the cluster, it was a plain
cube. Its proportions were gigantic, and Chlo later
learned that it was indeed the very heart of the city.

It housed the power plant; the atomic turbines and gen-
erators. It was the home of Eugenics; the Maturnator
Units and Nursery. It held the schools of all scientific
impedimenta. It contained the offices of the Directorate
and the Council of Three. Just below the level of the
fog, huge tubes, the arteries of commerce, led from the
base of the Tribunal to span the dank, dripping abysses
between peaks, connecting the Summits into one great
city.

  In a daze of wonder, Chlo clung to Carmin, who fol-
lowed Therol and Elta as they filed out of the Diana and
through the arched entrance to a low, domed penthouse
on the roof of the building.

  A waiting elevator carried them down a short distance,
where they stepped out into a softly lighted corridor
which led into a circular anteroom. A small group of
unmistakably high-ranking officials awaited them in this
room, but during the bewildered round of greetings only
one person made a lasting impression upon Chlo’s mind.

  The man called Jaddo Fayne gave her first a casual
glance, then a more lengthy scrutiny, and from time to
time during the next few minutes, she felt the almost
physical impact of his bold, dark gaze. In answer to her
low-voiced query, Carmin told her that he was a Coun-
cillor, A-2, ranking in authority next to Therol.

  Involuntarily, the girl from Arth compared these two
leaders of a strange, new civilization. They were almost
of a size; both superb in physical development. But
Therol’s fair coloring accentuated Jaddo’s almost sinister
darkness. And there was something in the latter’s pre-
datory, hawk-like features that strangely fascinated her;
some quality in his nature akin to her own. Perhaps she
instinctively sensed the bond between them; a bond of
mutual attraction that he also seemed to feel, although
he did not recognize it immediately. It was the call of
kind to kind, for Jaddo Fayne was an atavist—a clever,
scheming throwback to the age of ceaseless conflict; to
the age when selfish, cruel cunning was a necessary part
of man’s equipment.

  Something Jaddo said caused Therol to stiffen and ex-
claim in a shocked, puzzled voice:

  “Nisha with us? Of course not, man—what do you
mean?”

  Recognizing something unusual in the attitude of the
Councillors, the gaily chattering group in the room sud-
denly became still and Jaddo’s reply, although uttered
in a low tone, was plainly audible to all.

  “She has not been seen since the day you took off for
Arth, and while the city at large knows nothing of her
absence, most of the Directorate agreed with me that at
the last moment, she probably had taken a capricious
notion to go with the Diana."

  “But she didn’t.” Therol was plainly at a loss; wor-
ried. “If she was aboard the Diana, she remained hid-
den. And why should Nisha hide?” Then, huskily:
“You searched the Lowlands?”

  “With the delta-ray, yes,” replied Jaddo. “Although I
knew it would be useless. Nisha wouldn’t be fool enough
to venture beyond the lower terraces.”

  “I think, Jaddo,” stated Therol in a level tone that
carried no hint of the emotion burning within, “I think
you should have notified the Legation at each Summit,
immediately. We must do so, at once.”

A ND he led the way into a smaller, adjoining room
^ which contained only an instrument board and three
rows of low-backed benches facing what appeared to be a
blank wall. Therol sat down at the board, and those of
the sober group who followed, dropped quietly to the
benches. Not knowing what to expect, Chlo was startled
THE STERILE WORLD	415

when the lights went out, but the room was immediately
suffused by a pale luminosity from the wall—undoubted-
ly a projection screen of some sort. One after another,
twenty-seven panels flared to life and twenty-seven faces
looked out from the screen.

  When the last panel held its attentive Governor, Therol
greeted them with a formal salutation, and then in an
easy, conversational voice, explained the situation:

  “As all of you probably know by now, the Diana has
just returned from Arth. Our mission there was satis-
factorily accomplished and Thai has started construction
of the new city. Our original plans shall be carried out
In less than a year, sufficient ships will be finished to trans-
port to Arth the first unit of a million people.

  “In the meantime, Councillor Nisha Pandor, A-3, has
been missing since the day the Diana left on her expedi-
tion. As she did not accompany us, some terrible accident
must have befallen her. It must be that, for the only al-
ternative would be foul play, which could only mean
that there is a criminal among us; a thing I shall refuse
to believe until it is proven.

  “We all know that criminal tendencies are largely the
product of a particular combination of heredity and en-
vironment. Our ancestors conquered environment and we
are fast conquering heredity. For many years; in fact,
not within the memory of any of us living today, has there
been an instance of criminal violence among our people.
However, it behooves us to be on the alert for the occa-
sional atavistic characters that are sure to appear during
the next several generations.

  “Bearing all these things in mind, I still cannot bring
myself to believe that our missing Councillor met with
violence. It is more likely that she is lost somewhere in
the Lowlands, and I hereby charge each of you to have
your Legations make a diligent search in the vicinity of
your respective Summits. Report to me personally any
findings you may make. That is all.”

•	* * *

  Chlo stood in the small, but sumptuous room on Terrace
Three, Summit Five, and looked about her with shining
eyes. Carrnin had told her that the room was to be her
very own. She felt of the soft texture of the draperies
covering the bed. She tried the water faucets in the in-
geniously appointed bath. She manipulated the light
switches and projected a thrilling monochord amusement
reel onto the tiny delta-ray screen. What an undreamed
of paradise it all seemed to the little girl from Arth, ac-
customed to a world of eternal ice and snow, with only
the scant, barren comforts afforded by her polar cavern!

  She never forgot her first meal in Juno. From Car-
min’s casual mention of “D-Fifteen,” she had formed a
mental picture of a long, long hall with numerous tables
capable of serving perhaps hundreds of people. No im-
pression could have been further amiss, as she discovered
when she followed Carmin into a small, circular room that
was finished entirely in glittering crystal, and which con-
tained only one round table holding no more than twenty
places.

  One puzzling surprise followed the other in such rapid
sequence that Chlo’s head was in a whirl and she scarcely
heard the gay banter of the other girls seated around the
table. In fact, she barely managed to absorb from Car-
min sufficient guidance to get through the meal.

  Strange customs! The center of the table was raised,
platform-like, and it slowly revolved! When a certain
segment passed in front of one, if its plainly labeled con-
tents were desired, all one had to do was press a large
button conveniently embedded in the table’s rim near one’s
elbow, and presto! the item so selected popped out, and
all one had to do was pick it up! But none of the names

on the strange menu were familiar to Chlo, and noting
her perplexity Carmin laughingly selected and arranged
her meal for her, before selecting her own.

  The various sized, odd shaped containers in themselves
were a revelation to Chlo. They were hermetically sealed,
seemingly cast in one piece from a porcelain-like mater-
ial hard as adamant. But miracle of miracles! A point
of arcing, purple fire on a little instrument no larger than
a pencil, sliced through the containers like butter, and
each container served as its own dish, holding the im-

Silement necessary for its consumption; a porcelain tube
or liquids, or a porcelain spoon for the more solid foods.
No knives were required, as the food was fully prepared
in advance.

  A LL the foods were strange to Chlo—different even

  *	from the more concentrated forms used aboard the
Diana. Carmin explained that while most of them were
synthetic—manufactured from various solids by rearrang-
ing their atomic structure—certain very necessary carbo-
hydrates were still produced by Nature, and were grown
on the agricultural terraces.'

  “But who does all the cooking and dish washing?” Chlo
wanted to know.

  “Dish washing?” Carmin was puzzled for a moment,
then with a smile: “You mean the food containers? They
are not washed. If you have finished, I will show you
what we do with them. First, we stack them in a little
pile right here. Then we press this little button and they
are gone, down a pneumatic tube and back to the Food
Laboratory, where they are melted down and recast for
future use.”

  “But who keeps the table clean?” Chlo next wanted to
know.

  “Simple,” replied Carmin. “After each meal, the table
is automatically exposed for a fraction of a second to a
comparatively weak K-beam to which the metal of the
table is impervious, but which is sufficiently strong to
burn up and consume all refuse and completely sterilize
everything it touches.”

  Chlo cast a timorous glance at the small, blue bulb
hanging pendent from the ceiling directly over the table,
but Carmin assured her that the vigilant eye of a photo-
cell made it impossible for the K-beam to be turned on
as long as anyone was near the table.

  “Time for Group Twelve,” remarked Carmin as she
arose and with Chlo at her heels, followed the other girls
out into the corridor. “We are assigned to Group Eleven.
There are twelve groups in the unmarried women s dormi-
tory section of this Terrace, and we are all served our
meals in D-Fifteen.”

  “But who does all the cooking?” Chlo insisted, as she
followed Carmin down the hall, through an open portal
and out upon the flowering terrace.

  “Cooking is like everything else,” began Carmin, stop-
ping under an arched bower of mimosa. “All essential
avocations are highly specialized. For instance, if you
chose the preparation of foods as your profession, your
general education would include an exhaustive study oi
that subject. Your training completed, you would be
assigned to one of the food laboratories, where you would
begin as an apprentice. Then, at the examinations, if
you had continued to study, you would be promoted to
the next higher position, and so on.”

  The two girls stood arm in arm on the terrace and
watched the red-hot ball of Helios slowly quench his fire
in the close-hanging mists of the far horizon. Everything
was odd; unreal to the girl from Arth. Even the ap-
parent motion of the sun was strange. As Therol had
previously explained to her, Vena had her north pole
416	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

pointed almost directly toward Helios. Juno was situated
just north of the equator, and the slight polar deflection
was just sufficient to create for the city a night of deep,
gloomy twilight, and a day of mellow, red sunlight, when
the sun’s fierce rays struck Vena’s perpetually fog-covered
surface at a pronounced slant, even at midday.

   The day and night cycle was thirty hours long, and
there were no yearly seasons. Carmin said that the fog
had never been known to vary. It seemed always to, hang
in a thick, smoky blanket above the dismal, dripping abys-
ses of the Lowlands. Only the Summits of Juno, in all
the dreary world of Vena, extended above the mists, and
into the slanted, golden rays of a huge, life-giving sun.

   “Does anything live in the Lowlands?” queried Chlo.

   Carmin shuddered. “Yes. Creepy, slimy Things that
are absolutely colorless. Horrid Things that wither away
and die when exposed to light. They are—indescribable—
I will show you some of them on the delta-ray tomor-
row.”

   Helios had set and the deep, velvety twilight surround-
ed them. As Chlo listened dreamily to Carmin’s mono-
logue, she gradually became aware of a sweetish odor,
faint and strange, but altogether pleasant. It seemed to
float in out of the gathering dusk. It was delicious and
she inhaled deeply. A drowsiness stole over her. What
could have made her so sleepy all of a sudden? She
glanced toward Carmin and tried to cry out, but her
strength was gone. Carmin, like herself, was wavering,
groping . . . falling . . . into the arms of dark-clad fig-
ures. Falling into oblivion . . .

CHAPTER IV

The Story Therol Told

' I 'HEROL stooped over a table and put the finishing
touches to a mechanism with which he had been ex-
perimenting for three days, without sleep and almost
without food. Elta had been with him most of the time;
had helped him with the more intricate calculations.
Now that the machine was finished, he looked around
for her before testing it out. She was not in the labora-
tory, and he recalled that she had left earlier in the day.
He couldn’t remember just where she had said she was
going, or when she would return, and he couldn’t wait
long—

   The delta-ray gong sounded his signal and he automa-
tically reached for the switch. Immediately, Elta’s face,
pale and strained, framed itself on the screen and her
excited voice issued from the throat of the concealed
speaker:

‘Therol—quickly! I may be discovered any moment
and every second must count, so listen closely. You
remember the spherical interference field we located on
the delta-ray the morning after Carmin and Chlo disap-
peared?—the interference that started us experimenting
on the gamma-reflex? Well, this morning while you
were determining the length of the interfering wave, I
got a misguided hunch to fly over the zone to see what
I could see. Whoever is behind it all is smarter than I
thought, for I was seen and my flyer paralyzed just as I
passed over.

   “I was forced down into the Lowlands just a few hun-
dred yards beyond—close enough for my delta-ray to
pierce the interference, and I see the—yes, there’s no pos-
sibility of an error—it’s the Diana, and men all dressed
in black, are rushing about, evidently getting ready for
a take-off. Ah! there’s Carmin and Chlo, being taken
aboard under guard. The crew are all—hurry, Therol!
Help me if you can! A small flyer has slipped up and

a gang of men with L-rays are coming toward me . . .
Therol! It’s just as I thought! The leader is . .

  Elta’s voice faded away, and after a few frantic ad-
justments at the delta-ray panel, Therol gave it up and
rushed over to the new gamma-reflex machine. It had
to work now! He simply must see what was going on
beyond that mysterious barrier around on the other side
of the planet.

  Setting the dials, Therol snapped a switch and peered
intently at the miniature screen. Manipulating a small
variable rheostat, he ran through the scale in which he
had calculated the interference to occur without results.
Slowly and carefully, he ran it again, then in despera-
tion cut in an additional resistor.

  This time he was rewarded by a hazy, distorted view
of the Duma. Hastily adjusting the dials to the new
reading, he cleared up the image only to see the Diana
rise from the soggy ground, then suddenly disappear al-
together. Therol thought furiously for a moment, after
which he reached for the switch to the regular delta-ray
projector. Correct!

  The interference field had melted away and the delta-
ray screen depicted the Diana gathering momentum with
each passing second on a course that pointed straight
toward Arth!

  Helplessly, Therol sat and watched the stolen ship
draw farther and farther away, carrying with it Carmin,
Chlo and—yes, he knew it now—the woman who meant
more to him than anything else in the world! Even
Nisha faded into the background. Only one fact stood
paramount in his mind: Elta was aboard that ship—a
captive; possibly in danger of her life! In a blaze of
revelation during that hopeless moment, Therol realized
that he had always loved the vivacious little mathema-
tician. And now she was gone—snatchcd from him by
no telling what sort of vicious crew.

  Who could be at the bottom of the kidnapping of the
girls and the stealing of the Diana? For perhaps the
hundredth time during the past three days, Therol re-
volved the question in his mind without coming anywhere
near a satisfactory conclusion. Perhaps Jaddo had re-
turned by now, and could suggest something.

ID EACHING for the building communications dial,
Therol set up Jaddo’s personal call number and
pressed the signal key. Mathis, the Councillor’s first as-
sistant, answered and reported that his superior was still
absent Mechanically, Therol thanked the man and
broke the connection.

  Then something clicked in his brain. A great light
was beginning to shed its rays upon the mysterious situa-
tion. Berating himself for a blind fool, he recalled Elta’s
words of misgiving on the Diana a few days previously.
He saw it all, now. Jaddo Fayne and Nisha Pandor evi-
dently had been planning something. And he knew what
it was. They were scheming to sacrifice the carefully
laid plans of an entire nation upon the altar of personal
selfishness. They—at least Jaddo—intended to surprise
and overpower Thai and take possession of Arth!

  After carefully analyzing the situation, Therol relaxed
and a feeling of confidence flowed like wine through his
veins. Jaddo was clever and cunning, but he had over-
looked a very important factor; the mind values involved.
Therol did not doubt for a moment that in the end he
would outwit the renegade, for the very fact that Jaddo
harbored atavistic inclinations was proof of an inferior
twist in the man’s mind, placing it below the standard of
the average Uplander, in spite of its superficial brilliance.

  Therol promptly proved these conclusions. In that
moment, he concentrated his powerful intellect and
THE STERILE WORLD	417

reached out across space to the fleeing Diana. Elta’s mind
he found serenely sealed, but the mind of the apostate was
an open book to him and what he read therein both sur-
prised and saddened him. He was right

  Jaddo and Nisha were plotting the conquest of Arth!

  Strange things Therol saw in that brief interval during
which he sat in a grim trance of half-death while the
thought pictures of the renegade flashed in jumbled
procession before his closed eyes. And perhaps the most
surprising thing of all was the fact that Jaddo actually
felt justified; really believed he had a free-bom right to
do what he was planning.

  For a short time following the unaccustomed mental
excursion, Therol was exceedingly depressed. The strain
of such effort was tiring, and added to this was a very
human feeling of regret and disappointment at finding
his brilliant associate, through some hereditary quirk of
the mind, slipping back to the savage, elemental out-
look of hundreds of years ago.

  Already, the red haze of unreasoning passion clouded
the clear logic so much a part of the true Uplander.
Already, the lash of the primitive beast was driving Jaddo
to think of things that his fast warping intellect cun-
ningly clothed in a fleece of righteousness; fabricating
plans so cleverly designed that Therol found that he must
move with extreme care to frustrate them.

  For a long while Therol sat perfectly motionless, his
every thought centered upon a solution of the problem.
At last one crystallized, and after giving it very careful
consideration, he promptly set to work upon its execution.
First, he sounded general attention and called a meeting
of the Directorate.

  In those days, the Directorate was made up of the Gov-
ernors of the twenty-seven summits of the city. In lees
than half an hour, the Directorate was seated in a semi-
circle before the massive desk in the Council Chamber,
and the meeting had been called to order. Therol arose
and addressed not only the Directorate, but also the delta-
ray pickup unit suspended in the center of the room.

   “Citizens, this is the first general assembly to be held in
Juno for nearly two generations, but I believe that the facts
I am about to set forth should be known to every man
and woman in the city. As you no doubt have already
noted, Councillors Fayne and Pandor are not present at
this meeting. As we know, Nisha Pandor disappeared sev-
eral days ago; now Jaddo has deserted us and it is with
deepest shame that I must detail the disloyalty of these
two. They are plotting against the very foundations of
our civilization—something that has never before hap-
pened in the history of our race.

  “The mind of Jaddo Fayne has slipped backward nearly
four centuries, and—but to make more clear the nature of
the crisis we are facing, I will start back at the founding
of our city and sketch briefly the events bearing upon the
present situation.

EARLY four centuries ago, there lived on Arth,
three scientists who conceived a wonderful plan.
We all know who these men were: Antrim, my own fore-
father, Garth and Hather; the Patriune to whom we owe
our city and our existence as a race.

  “These three men were centuries in advance of their
time. Arth was indebted to them for many of her last
great achievements. But they made many more discover-
ies which they kept to themselves, fearful of entrusting
them to the constantly warring nations that made up the
Arth of their day. Among these latter inventions was the
delta-ray, which with improvements we still use, and the
G-ray, which makes space navigation possible—a feat long
believed by the ancients to be impracticable.

  “And then to the Patriune came the Great Inspiration.

  “They recruited a small following of intelligent people
who were in sympathy with their ideals. A space ship was
built in strictest secrecy, and the intrepid little band of
pioneers set forth to find for themselves a world where
they could build a civilization free from the scourge of
mass hypocrisy and individual avarice. First, they visited
the planet known as Marce,* but found it to possess too
little water and oxygen. Next, they came to Vena, where
they found on the summits above die fog line, conditions
almost exactly duplicating those on Arth. Here, on this
very summit, they established the new colony and erected
the first buildings.

  “During the first ten years, the space ship made innum-
erable trips to and from Arth after essential supplies.
These trips were never known to the world at large, but
nevertheless, the original colony was augmented from time
to time by carefully chosen volunteers. Soon, the new city
of Juno had grown to some ten thousand souls, and under
the scientific methods of the Patriune, became entirely self-
supporting. At a great celebration, Arth was bidden a last
farewell and the space ship destroyed. From that day to
this, knowledge of space navigation and the secret of the
G-ray has been confined to citizens of grado-A classifica-
tion.

  “Since that day we have made wonderful progress,
thanks to the foundation laid by the Patriune. As all of
us know, Hather, a biologist of the highest order, gave to
our ancestors before he died, the Maturnator; perhaps the
greatest asset we have had in our efforts at selective race
building. To conquer heredity has not been an easy task.
We have had reverses, naturally, and not all of them have
been recorded in history. It is of one such case that I am
about to tell you.

  “It so happened that Jaddo Fayne’s great-grandfather,
Mikel, who served for a time on the Council as A-l, also
had an atavistic twist in his mind. Foreseeing that in
time Juno was destined either to become overcrowded or
else be forced to maintain a fixed birth rate, he suggested
what to him seemed a more desirable alternative. Hather,
a descendant of the first Hather, and a man named Shaun,
were Mikel’s associates on the Council.

  “Mikel’s plan was to place a powerful omega-ray ma-
chine upon Luna, Arth’s satellite, train the ray upon Arth,
thereby putting a stop to the reproduction of all animal
life. Then, when with the passage of time all its inhabi-
tants had died of old age, the most beautiful planet in the
universe would be at our disposal. While it is true that
there are strong arguments for both sides of this question,
I believe the concensus of opinion will be that Hather
and Shaun were right in withholding their support and in
vetoing the proposal altogether.

UT Mikel evidently became obsessed with his idea,
for when the other two Councillors refused their sanc-
tion, he resorted to cunning and carried it out secretly.
When he requisitioned for certain machine parts and cast-
ings, although ‘Mechanics’ had no idea of the purpose for
which they had been designed, because of his high position,
the orders were filled without question. Equipping his
personal flyer with a G-ray generator, thereby converting
it into a space ship, he carried away, piece by piece, these
mechanical parts as fast as they were completed. How he
did this, and how he managed to assemble the finished ma-
chine, was never known. Perhaps he had a small crew
sworn to secrecy on some pretext or other, or he may have
worked entirely alone.

  “However that may be, Hather chanced to be scanning
the heavens one day with an electroscope and saw Mikel’s

•Mara.
418	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

flyer returning home from somewhere out in space. A few
days later he saw the same thing, and his suspicions were
aroused. Recalling the scheme Mikel had proposed, Hath-
er at once guessed the nature of the former’s unauthor-
ized trips into space. After a hasty conference with
Shaun, a flyer was equipped with a G-ray and when the
mad Councillor again left Juno, Hather and Shaun were
following him as closely as they dared.

  “Only an hour behind him and between his ship and
the sun, Hather saw Mikel suddenly veer from his course
toward Arth and dodge behind Luna, verifying his fears.
The pursuing ship was forced to the limit of its speed
in an attempt to overhaul Fayne before he landed and
lost himself among the numberless craters and fissures
that make up Luna’s jagged surface.

  “But they were too late. By the time they had reached
that portion of Luna which perpetually faces Arth, Fayne
and his ship had disappeared. Methodically, they
scoured Luna’s scarred face with a delta-ray. The lighted
portions they could search easily enough, but the impene-
trable blackness of the airless shadows cast by crater
walls, they could not pierce; and unless Mikel carelessly
betrayed himself by the incautious use of his lights, they
might have looked forever without finding him in that
labyrinthine maze of vivid light and utter darkness. For
days they searched in vain. The mad Councillor was
never seen again. He may have fallen into one of the
bottomless crevices which cleave Luna’s barren desolation
like the slashes of a gigantic knife, or, who knows? He
may have slipped away to lose himself in the depths of
space ...

  “But the damage was already done. After returning
home for the necessary instruments, Hather and Shaun
finally located the ray machine concealed in a deep crater.
It was operating at maximum power, and from the fuel
gauge they estimated that its unwinking gaze had been
trained upon Arth for many days. Animal life on Arth
was doomed, for once exposed to the omega ray in those
times, there was no escape, inasmuch as the alpha ray
rejuvenator, you will recall, was only recently developed
by myself.

  “And that, my friends, is the inside story of what hap-
pened to the peoples of Arth,” concluded Therol, gravely.
“In a brief century, an entire race perished. The act of
one man has perhaps made universal history, and what
has been done cannot be undone. But let us make it our
business to see that the Old Race has not been sacrificed
in vain. Let us carry forward the ideals originated by the
Patriune. Let us continue to fight the primordial in-
stincts of the beast and finally stamp it out completely.

   “Already, our life span is thrice that of our forefathers.
There is no excuse for death. Let us follow the guidance
of pure reason and build our race to the heights for which
it is destined: perfection because of a complete under-
standing of the Laws of Life; immortal because it is im-
perfect to die; Godlike because the Figurehead of our
worship is our own ultimate goal; masters of the Uni-
verse because we will have earned the right!”

CHAPTER V

The Men of Eos

A RINGING cheer greeted these last remarks, and for
several minutes order was forgotten while discus-
sion flew thick and fast. Therol closed his eyes and pic-
tured 'the same excitement being enacted before each of
the thousands of delta-ray units throughout the city as
the populace argued; some for and some against Mikel
Fayne’s method of stopping, without physical violence, the

meaningless existence of the Old Race. That question
promised to be the topic of many a warm debate before it
was finally settled to the satisfaction of all. Therol
smiled as he raised his hand for silence.

  “That brings us down to the present,” he continued, a9
soon as order had been restored and he could make him-
self heard. “Although the populace at large did not
know the cause thereof, it has long been common knowl-
edge through delta-ray study, that animal life on Arth
was rapidly becoming extinct Members of the A-group
knew that total extinction was inevitable. Therefore, plans
were made to colonize Arth, and the Diana was built. Then
I perfected the alpha-ray projector and proposed the re-
juvenation of all survivors of the Old Race that could be
found.

  “Jaddo Fayne opposed me in this from the start. He
argued that Arth had been practically delivered into our
hands through no act of our own; why not take it, thank-
fully. I believe that was Jaddo’s first atavistic thought;
the thought which lead to others that were each in turn a
little more clouded and reasonless, until now he haa
reached a point little above that of even the Old Race, of
which he is so scornful.

  “Nisha, on the other hand, was noncommittal on the
subject. She would not cast the deciding vote and the
situation was at a deadlock between Jaddo and myself. I
was just at the point of submitting the problem to the
Directorate, when Jaddo suddenly capitulated. Surprised
but pleased, I halted our plans for colonization until after
the Diana had returned from a tour of investigation. I
took Thai and the builders with me on this trip because I
more than half feared that no survivors of the Great Ces-
sation would be found. This proved to be the case. The
voyage of the Diana is now common history and everyone
knows that the girl Chlo Andreas is the last living repre-
sentative of the Old Race.

  “And now we come to the purpose of this meeting:

  “Jaddo Fayne has stolen the Diana, our only space ship.
Somehow, he has seduced more than a score of the weaker
minds among our people to man the ship and is now on
his way to Arth, taking with him as prisoners, three of
our women. He has gone amuck. Without any great
amount of effort, I have read this man’s mind, which fact
within itself is significant.

  “And, in his reverie I saw incredible things. I saw
visions of conquest. I saw a stealthy attack upon Thai,
who was left on Arth to build the power plant for our first
city there. I saw the Diana’s generators busily feeding
energy into a new ray which converted the magnetic strat-
um surrounding Arth into a deadly barrier which nothing
can pass. I saw the new power plant completed and a
permanent magnetic ray projector installed. But listen
closely, for here is the strangest of all the strange things
I saw in this man’s thoughts:

   “Queer, frog-like creatures were occupying the new city,
with Jaddo posing as their absolute master!”

  If Therol’s first narrative had caused a stir, this one
created a turmoil. Everybody spoke at once. For sev-
eral minutes, exclamations and conjectures filled the Coun-
cil chamber with a hubbub quite unlike anything Therol
had ever before witnessed. Finally, however, the excite-
ment subsided sufficiently for him to resume.

  “There would seem to be but one plausible explanation
for the presence of these strange creatures in Jaddo’s
thoughts: in some manner, he has found and communi-
cated with an intelligent form of life existing somewhere
in the Universe—perhaps somewhere in this very system.
1 could not ascertain the origin of these people, but be-
lieve that Jaddo intends to convey them to Arth in the
Diana. And he will reach Arth, my friends; we have no
THE STERILE WORLD	419

way of stopping him, and once entrenched behind his mag-
netic barrier, he will be hard to dislodge.”

  “But what about Nisha Pandor?” someone asked.

  “There is something in that connection which I cannot
quite understand,” replied Therol. “It would seem from
Jaddo’s thought pictures, that she is working with him;
that she was a stowaway on the Diantts first voyage, I am
now certain. Jaddo expects to meet her on Arth, but
strangely, he dreads this meeting very much!”

  “Why should this be so?”

  “I cannot imagine. But one thing we do know. They
not only have deserted us, but they have forsaken their
honor as well, for, Citizens of Juno, Jaddo Fayne plans
the ultimate conquest of our own race!”

' I 'HE heavy silence of utter consternation greeted these
-*■ words, then the slow flame of righteous indignation
kindled in the hearts of the assembled Directorate. Many
plans were proposed and discarded before one was finally
adopted. Hours later, following the formal classification
of Elta and Thai to replace the two deposed Councillors,
Therol outlined his plan of campaign and adjourned the
meeting.

  While in Juno, awaiting construction of the new space
ship, Entriss, Therol had had ample time to search the
heavens for the home planet of the odd beings he had seen
pictured in Jaddo’s mind. At last he had found it on this
little fragment of a shattered world which he was now
approaching with such tremendous speed. With increas-
ing interest, he viewed the rapidly growing sphere showing
dead ahead through the forward navigating port. It was
Eos, largest of the planetoids, and in less than an hour, he
would slice into its atmosphere. What his reception would
be, he had no remotest idea, although from delta-ray
study, he knew exactly what the place looked like at close
range.

  Radio communication, he had not even considered. Had
he succeeded, by one slender chance in a million, in estab-
lishing such communication, Jaddo could easily have in-
tercepted his messages and so learned of his plans. There
had been nothing to do but await the building of the new
cruiser, then make the long trip in person, consuming more
precious time while visions of Elta at the mercy of the
renegade, drew every fibre of Therol’s body toward Arth.

  He missed Elta terribly. The trip now so nearly over
had been a constant reminder of the happy days they had
spent together in the navigating room of the Diana. Not
that Pladin, who was navigating the Entriss wasn’t efficient.
Far from it; Pladin was an excellent man in every respect.
Furthermore, the new ship was manned throughout by the
Diana’s old crew. But somehow, Therol could find in no
one else the same perfect, carefree companionship he had
known with Ella. He could see now, that she had always
loved him. What a blind fool he had been. He recalled
with regret the many occasions in the past when he might
have made sweet love to her; might have held her close,
as he so longed to do now.

   Suddenly the Entriss gave an almost imperceptible lurch.
She had struck the first layer of Eos’ atmospheric blanket,
and as Therol took his place at the delta-ray controls, he
forced from his mind the constantly recurring visions of
his beloved. He must keep his head clear for the task be-
fore him; then, if successful, he could consider ways and
means of rescuing her.

  He had already located what he believed to be the
capital city of Eos, and he unerringly set the Entriss down
in a level basin less than a mile away. Pladin, who was
to pilot the air flier, signified that all was in readiness.

  “Don’t forget your ray tube, Councillor,” he cautioned,
as Therol issued last moment instructions to Hamer, the

Third officer, and picked up a small, black carrying case.
“We do not know what the attitude of these creatures

may be.”

  Assuring Pladin that he was fully prepared for any
reasonable emergency, Therol led the way down the cor-
ridor to the room which served as a hangar for the flyer.
The atmosphere of Eos had already been tested and found
breathable, so without any fear on that score Therol
pressed a lever which caused a section of the outer hull
of the Entriss to swing downward upon hinges, forming
a ramp, or landing platform for the flyer. The two men
climbed into the little machine, Pladin eased it out onto the
platform, threw in the gravity screens and the flyer shot
straight up into the air for a hundred feet or so, where it
poised for an instant before darting off in the direction
of the city.

A S they flew along at a moderate pace, Therol peered
over the end of a stubby wing and studied the ter-
rain unrolling beneath them. Nowhere had he seen any-
thing resembling a tree, and the only vegetation visible
was a greenish-brown moss, tough and leathery looking.
Probably had to be tough, he decided, to withstand the ter-
rific extremes of temperature to which the little planet was
periodically subjected. It was also very likely for this
same reason that the inhabitants of Eos lived under-
ground.

  Eos, fragment of a demolished world, was scarcely more
than five hundred miles in diameter, roughly cubical in
shape, and its surface was an interminable network of
deep ravines and steep, serrated ridges of a pale green
stone having a high metallic content. Interspersed in this
craggy wilderness was an occasional wide, winding valley
holding scattered lakes of still, blue water. It was in such
a valley just across a high ridge from where Therol had
landed the Entriss, that the first signs of life were seen.

  From a cleverly concealed tunnel mouth in the hillside
above a large lake, issued one of the denizens of this bar-
ren world. And a more unusual being Therol had never
seen. It stopped a little way from the tunnel and eyed
the poised flyer, apparently frozen with astonishment.
Like everything else about the planet except the skies and
lakes, it was a dull green in color. Standing erect upon
its short, hind legs, it was not over four feet tall and re-
minded Therol more than anything else, of a frog, al-
though in many respects the comparison was not entirely
accurate.

  Unmistakable intelligence gleamed in the beady, un-
winking eyes of this frog creature as it stepped slowly
backward into the tunnel mouth where, like a flash, it
turned and disappeared. Evidently, it went to summon
others of its kind, for by the time the flyer had landed
and Therol and Pladin, ray tubes drawn, had stepped from
the machine to the moss-covered ground, fully a dozen of
the frog men had congregated in the tunnel entrance.

  Therol found that he could easily read the minds of
these beings, but for several minutes their thought images
showed nothing but surprise and elation, mixed with awe.
They were either very low in the scale of evolution, or
what was more likely, the woefully decadent remnant
of a once higher civilization. Therol spared himself any
foolish attempt at speech. Instead, he calmly sat down
upon the ground to wait until the frog men overcame their
timidity. Meanwhile, he kept his mind alert for any
indication of unfriendliness, while Pladin sat a little be-
hind him, his ray tube held at the ready.

  Soon, one of the frog men, bolder than the rest, left
the shelter of the tunnel and slowly advanced, his web-
bed, many-fingered right hand extended palm downward.
As he came closer, Therol felt and barely heard, the vibra-
420

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

tion of a low-pitched purring. There wa8 nothing but
friendly awe in the fellow’s mind, so Therol got to his feet,
extending his own hand in duplication of the frog’s greet-
ing. Immediately, the purring sound changed quality and
faded away entirely. Therol surmised that the frog peo-
ple conversed in a tone of voice below the range of human
audibility, for although he could see, almost feel the
vibration of this fellow’s throat, he couldn’t hear a sound.

JUST then occurred an incident which firmly established
in the minds of the frog people a deep and lasting re-
spect for what to them appeared to be an exhibition of
supernatural power. Without effort, and by merely point-
ing their arms, these tall visitors had slain a horde of the
deadly beasts of Eos! This is what actually happened:

  Just when Therol was wondering what to do next, the
frog man who was approaching him, suddenly froze in
his tracks, then without ceremony, turned and bolted back
into the tunnel. Therol was perplexed until a dim shadow,
cast by the far away sun, flashed over the ground before
him and he glanced up. He saw the Thing barely in time
to avoid the slashing beak and the grasping, down-curved
talons of the most horrible creature he had ever seen or
imagined.

  Picture, if you can, the fat, black-furred body of a
spider fully three feet in length, equipped with the barb
tipped wings of a bat, and with each of its eight legs ter-
minating in a pair of poisonous looking claws! That was
what he saw, and as it sailed past he caught a fleeting
glimpse of close-set, venomous red eyes that made his
flesh crawl! Monstrosities! Loathsome hybrids which he
later learned were the scourge of the planet!

  With a speed that was amazing in a creature of its size,
the Thing turned and dived back. Therol glanced around
and saw that Pladin had his ray tube trained upon an-
other of the monsters. Good Heavens! There were at
least a dozen of them! With a shout for Pladin to fol-
low, Therol jumped for the tunnel entrance, drawing his
own ray tube as he ran. This temporary refuge was all
they needed, for the death ray made short work of the
monsters and in less than half a minute the last one fell
with a sickening plop, not twenty feet from where they
stood.

  An hour later Therol squatted in the palace of the
frog city, exchanging ideas with the chieftain, or king.
The tunnel our friends had followed was nearly a mile
in length and had extended downward at a fairly steep
rate, finally opening into a natural cavern of vast propor-
tions. The pale green luminosity of walls and countless
ceiling stalactites evidenced the presence of highly radio-
active substances and furnished the only source of light.
Numerous side tunnels had been cut into the walls of the
cavern; tunnels which lead to the homes of the frog
people.

  It was in the largest of these artificial side-caverns that
Therol held his weird conversation with the king of the
frog people. The black box which he had carried with
him from the ship, contained the crude forerunner of our
modern thought projector, which he had improvised for
this very purpose.*

  During this queer conversation, Therol learned many
things. At some time or other, Jaddo had visited Eos in
a small flyer, and although he had possessed no such effi-
cient means of communication as Therol’s thought pro-

•As everyone knows, the principle of the thought projector is
very simple. Two highly conductive electrodes, when placed In
contact with the temples, pick up the thought Impulses and
convey them to an electrical converter valve, where they are
changed into electric energy, amplified and projected by delta-
ray to a visual screen. Of course, only picture ImageB formed
In the mind can be projected. Words themselves have no
meaning except when an image oY the written or printed
word Is visualized. Therefore, we can readily understand why
Therol never learned the names of any of the frog people.

iector, through diagrams, pictures and monochord reels,
had managed to make himself fairly well understood. Evi-
dently, Jaddo had discovered the people of Eos through
the delta-ray and at once had seen a way to turn this knowl-
edge to his own advantage.

  He had painted for the frog people glowing pictures
of Arth. In fact, he had shown them several monochord
reels which he had filched from the files of the Hall of
Light for that very purpose. Then he had promised them
the freedom of this beautiful world in return for a por-
tion of their personal services. To the denizens of barren
little Eos, this was just like an offer of life in Heaven.
The king had passed the word to the smaller, outlying
cities, and two million frog people were even then await-
ing Jaddo’s promised return in the large space ship which
was in time to transport them all to Arth.

  Therol shook his head. It was just as he had thought
Jaddo was planning to betray these simple, half civilized
people. Adjusting the thought projector he managed, af-
ter several vain attempts, to picture for the king what
Jaddo had in mind. He pointed out that it would take
the frog people a long time to adjust themselves to their
new surroundings; that long before they had adapted
themselves to Arth’s immensely stronger gravity, Jaddo
would have made them into virtual slaves, perhaps doom-
ed for generations to labor long hours in mines, or at the
tilling of Arth’s fertile soil; that eventually they were to
be led into battles of conquest, where vast numbers of
them would be slain, wh'le in exchange they would receive
only the meagre necessities of life.

  Even though the king at last seemed to understand, he
was visibly perplexed. Probably he was trying to de-
cide whether he should believe Jaddo’s story, or Therol’s.
And this was the exact moment for which Therol had
been waiting; the moment for which he had made the long
trip to Eos. Before the king had had time to reach any
sort of decision, Therol flashed upon the screen a series
of images indicating that it would be better for Jaddo to
return to Eos. Then, perhaps . . .

CHAPTER VI.

A New World

RECKONED in Arth time, two weeks had elapsed since
Eos had been left behind, and the Entriss hovered in
space some two diameters away from Arth, occupying
that extremely desirable position long known to flyers:
between the enemy and the sun. Pladin was poring over
the delta-ray visor, while Therol sat in front of the main
control panel thinking of the two long months that had
elapsed since Elta had left his laboratory in Juno to wan-
der down into Vena’s dripping Lowlands and get herself
captured by Jaddo. Would his plan for breaking the
renegade’s magnetic screen be successful? He believed
it would, but was a little fearful of the outcome, never-
theless. It was dangerous business, and whoever happened
to be in the immediate vicinity of the new power-house on
Arth, would be instantly killed. And he had no way of
knowing where Elta was imprisoned. What if she—?
The cold hand of premonition clutched him for a moment
and small beads of moisture gathered on his brow at the
thought.

  Pladin, who had been studying Arth by delta-ray, sud-
denly looked up and spoke, excitement trembling in his
voice:

  “It won’t be long, now, Councillor. I know the symp-
toms, and I would say that the Diana will take off within
two hours, at most.”

“Everything is ready,” nodded Therol. “Keep your
THE STERILE WORLD	421

eye glued to that visor and let me know the instant the
Diana leaves the ground.”

  Pladin again bent over the visor and the minutes stretch-
ed themselves into hours with interminable slowness. After
sounding general attention throughout the ship, Therol
found himself with absolutely nothing to do, and to keep
himself from thinking too much about the outcome of
the impending attack, he very painstakingly counted the
measured revolutions of the little red balance wheel in
the bottom of the chronometer. After what seemed an
eternity of silent waiting, he saw Pladin raise a tense
face from the visor and nod, without a word.

  Now was the time! Within the next few seconds Jaddo
would be forced to lower his protective barrier to let the
Diana through. Therol knew that he must strike during
this brief interlude, or else be forced to wait perhaps for
many weeks for another opportunity. He had not been
able to calculate a nullification for this new ray of
Jaddo’s. It had proven absolutely impervious to every-
thing he had tried. Even the delta-ray would not pene-
trate it, and they had been forced to strike a focus at the
edge of the barrier and use lens magnification over the
visor.

  Outwardly calm, although his face was only a grim
mask, Therol lifted a steady hand and shoved down a
small, bright lever at one edge of the control board.
Pladin, still at the delta-ray, glanced once more into the
visor, then turned like an automaton and pushed the
switches and buttons which pointed the gracefully rounded
nose of the Entriss toward Arth. Therol turned to the
microphone at his elbow and issued final instructions to
the crew.

  The Entriss landed close to the cluster of temporary
buildings which surrounded the new power house, now
still and apparently deserted. Therol breathed a sigh of
hopeful relief. Perhaps no one had been close by, after

  Fifty feet from the Entriss lay the Diana, where she had
settled back upon her landing gear when her generators,
too, had succumbed to Therol s ray. As soon as the mag-
netic barrier had been broken, Therol had swept the entire
continent of Noma with a powerful paralyzing ray, and
every living thing in its path would be held in the grip
of a coma which would last for exactly half an hour.

  Long before this time had elapsed, Jaddo and his rene-
ades had been taken from the Diana and carried to the
uilding where Thai and his men were imprisoned. An
exchange was made; Thai’s crew was laid in orderly rows
upon the soft turf and Jaddo’s band was securely locked
up in their place.

WrHILE the loyal Uplanders were being carried out
W of the building, Therol had stood beside the line
of stretchers and breathlessly inspected each one as it
passed him. When woJd they bring Elta? Surely, she
would be the next. But no. When the unconscious form
on the last stretcher had been borne past, he almost cried
aloud. Where could she be? Swiftly, he searched the
building, then, half hopefully, went over the Diana again,
only to nave his hopes dashed to despair.

  Dazed and sorrowful, he returned with Pladin to the
prison building, where some of the men were showing signs
of returning consciousness. Thai himself was the first to
sit up and hlink at the unaccustomed sunlight, and after
a moment of amazed silence, he leaped to his feet and
grasped Therol’s shoulders, shaking them in a frenzy of
pure joy.

  “Ancient Gods! Is it really you Therol? And am I
glad to see you! I had almost given up hope of your
being able to break that devil’s ray screen. How did—
why Therol! What’s the matter with you?”

  “Thai,” asked Therol, haltingly, “where is Elta?”

  But when he saw sudden recollection blanch Thai’s
face, he knew what the answer was going to be:

  “Good Lord, Therol! When your ray came through,
Elta was in the power-house.”

  Gently, tenderly, Therol laid the cold, lifeless form on a
couch in the tiny, white hospital room aboard the Entriss.
Tears of anguish streamed down his face. In deference
to their Councillor’s great sorrow, Thai and his compan-
ions slipped quietly away.

  Had Therol known that this was the price he must pay
for Jaddo’s subjection—he cursed the renegade with a
depth of bitter hatred that surprised him, even in his
grief. But why not? Jaddo’s whole rotten soul was not
worth the harming of one of Elta’s little fingers.

  He had found her huddled in a chair in one corner of
the auxiliary transformer room—electrocuted by the enor-
mous surge of static which accompanied the short-circuit-
ing of the generators. With the fiendish cunning of the
devil himself, Jaddo had placed her at his most vulner-
able point of attack. There was not a mark nor a bruise
on the perfect body. Death had come instantly and un-
heralded, and the beautiful features were serenely com-
posed.

  Distractedly, Therol’s eyes wandered around the room
and came to rest on the chronometer. Only an hour ago,
he himself had loosed the ray which had—

  He rubbed his eyes and stared at the clock as if hypno-
tized. Suddenly he sprang to his feet and tore open the
chemical cupboard. Good Heavens! The shock of his
grief must have unnerved him—dulled his usually quick
wits. But there was still time, though the margin was
only a matter of minutes!

  Like a man reprieved, Therol flew about the little hospi-
tal, his every movement hurried but precise. First, he
thrust his hands into a solution of liquid cellurohn, and
when he withdrew them, they were coated with a thin,
flexible and completely sterile film. Next, he fished a
long, slender-needled syringe from the sterilizer and con-
sumed precious seconds in weighing the colorless liquid
with which he filled it. But this was important; essen-
tial .. . pure adrephin . . . injected straight into the
heart . . .

HOURS later, Elta snuggled contentedly closer into
Therol’s arms and opened her eyes. Although she
would soon be her lively, vivacious self again, she was
very weak now; weak from shock and the action of the
adrephin. While most of this powerful stimulant had
been absorbed by the same ray-bath which had liquefied
arterial coagulation, still, its effects would likely be felt
for several days.

  Lovingly, Therol carried his patient down the corridor
to the navigator’s stateroom and tucked her into bed. Soft-
ly, he kissed the lips so recently gray with death.

  “There, my darling; now sleep and rest until tomor-
row. God has been good and returned you to me, but for
a long, long time, you must rest and avoid all excitement.”
“Isn’t it wonderful, Therol?” A peaceful smile lighted
Elta’s tired, wan face. “Locked in the transformer room,
I had nothing to do but think of you. I remember that
I had just closed my eyes and wished with all my heart
that you would come to me ... I opened them again and
found myself in your arms . . .” Complete exhaustion
came to claim her and in another moment long, dark
lashes drooped lower and lower, until presently she was
fast asleep.

  But Therol, after calling Carmin to watch over his be-
loved, slumped slowly to the floor in a dead faint. The
strain of the past few hours had been too much, even for
his iron nerves and rugged strength.
422	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  Not many days later, Therol stood in the doorway to
Jaddo’s improvised prison. The renegade was disdainful;
defiant to the point of insolence. Deep in his snapping,
black eyes gleamed a queer mixture of fearless courage,
cruelty and cunning. Cornered he might be, but one
instinctively felt that nothing short of death would ever
break his fixity of purpose. He knew that Therol had
come to pass judgment upon himself and his crew. He
also knew that although his case was without precedent
in the history of his race, in the eyes of the Uplanders
he had earned death. Yet, he stood proudly erect and
impotent, smouldering hate was his only emotion.

  Sadly, Therol surveyed the scowling crew of once
peaceful, happy Uplanders grouped close behind their
leader. To a man, they had elected to stick by their new
star—the misguided zealot who had stirred in their
breasts the dormant fires of lust, greed and discontent. Al-
most in spite of himself, Therol admired them for their
loyalty. It was their only honorable course.

  “Jaddo Fayne,” the Councillor began, suddenly anxious
to get the interview over with as quickly as possible.
“You doubtless know why I am here. As you are well
aware, our philosophy does not deal so much with the
actions of an individual as with the causes underlying
those actions. But perhaps you do not know that the con-
tents of your mind are the property of no less than five
people other than myself; altogether, six people have
looked into your consciousness and watched the parade
of your thoughts.”

  Jaddo paled and started ever so slightly at this, and
for an instant the smouldering hate in his eyes threatened
to burst into flame.

  “Well, what of it? Do away with theatricals, Antrim,
and tell us what you are going to do about it.”

  Steadily, easily, the level, gray gaze of the Councillor
met and conquered the apostate’s black leer.

  “I have known the desire to rend you limb from limb,
Jaddo, and I hold your life in my hands. But I shall not
kill you. You shall live to make restitution. Besides, I
have promised you to the frog people.

  “Guard, bring the girl Chlo. ’

  Her step steady, her mien haughty—almost regal—this
last child of the Old Race stepped thror.gh the door, past
Therol and without a word, stood beside Jaddo.

  “Chlo Andreas,” began Therol gently, “although it has
been entirely within my power to have known the answers
to the questions I am about to ask you, the sanctity of your
thoughts has not been invaded. Therefore, would you
please tell me why you were seen last night outside one
of the windows of this room?”

  “I was talking with the man I love.” And the Arth
girl cast Therol a scornful look as she took Jaddo’s hand
and continued:

  “He has told me all—all his great plans and ambitions.
They are beautiful; wonderful. Why couldn’t you have
stayed away from Arth?—in your own marvelous city.
Jaddo and I would have founded a new race; a race capa-
ble of human feeling and warm emotion! Now you have
spoiled everything. Everything. Oh, I hate you—you
and your cold perfection!”

T IKE the splendid young animal she was, Chlo glared
at Therol, who contemplatively shook his head and
ruminated: “The inevitable call of kind to kind.” Then
aloud: “But surely, Chlo, you are not in sympathy with
what your lover had planned to do to the frog people?”
‘Those funny, green animals he intended bringing here
to work for us? Why not? They would be happier here
than on their own horrid little world.”

  “And,” continued Therol, very, very softly, “did Jaddo

THE

tell you about Nisha?”

  At this inquiry Jaddo snarled like a cornered beast and
jumped in front of the girl.

  “I’ll answer that question, Antrim,” he grated. “Cer-
tainly Chlo knows that Nisha was in love with me. Could
I help that? I know what’s on your mind, but if you
are half as clever as you seem to think you are, you know
I had nothing to do with Nisha’s death.”

  ‘True, Jaddo. Nisha took her own life, but you know
that you killed her just as surely as if your hand had
held the knife. You know our women, Jaddo, and you
must have foreseen the results. She thought you loved
her. Because of her own love for you, she closed her
eyes to right and honor, and you betrayed her; cast her
out for another.”

  Under Therol’s accusing stare, Jaddo’s glance wavered
and dropped. Then, covering his discomfiture with a
sneer, he said:

  “You surprise me, Councillor. You speak as if Nisha
and I were mates. We had not even notified Eugenics.”
“Let’s argue no further, Jaddo Fayne. I had hoped to
find a spark of reason left alive in your breast, but I see
now that your reversion is complete; that you are entirely
controlled by animal reflexes. Perhaps it is as well, for
with you and your crew goes the last taint of savagery,
and Arth will be the better because of it.

  “You and your crew of men and women are to be for-
ever banished from Arth and Vena. I have visited Eos.
I have promised the frog people that you would return
to them, and return you shall. The Diana shall take you
there, where you shall be left with nothing save your wits
and your hands. You are clever. You will soon make
your peace with the frog people, and for your own con-
venience, lead them to a better mode of life. Therein,
willingly or not, you will be making atonement of a kind.
“Have you anything further to say, Jaddo Fayne?"
Seething with impotent malevolence, but disdaining a
reply, the renegade turned and gathered the now sobbing
Chlo into his arms.

•	• * •

  A late, autumn sun cast mellow rays over beautiful,
green-and-gold clad Noma. No longer was she still and
dead. Man, her old master, had returned. But he had
returned refreshed by his absence; stronger and nobler;
a better and wiser ruler. Once more, a great, new city
was springing up upon her breast, and in the years to
come there would remain no sign of the tumbling ruins
for which she had been weeping. Indeed, Noma and her
mother, Arth, rejoiced.

  Two lovers stopped for a moment beside a gigantic
stone pillar. They were very much engrossed in each
other. The man, after kissing the girl again and again,
was heard to say:

  “Is life not sweet, darling? We have each other, but
not a care in the world. The Diana returned yesterday
from Eos, and tomorrow the Entriss will bring her third
cargo from Juno. Just think, Elta! We shall probably
live to see this beautiful Arth made into the paradise we
have planned!”

  Vivacious, expressive eyes, glowing with the promise
of still another paradise, were turned to the speaker and
a curly head leaned against his shoulder as a soft voice
replied:

  “Yes, Therol. But in another year I must resign from
the Council. Mates cannot serve together . . .”

  Therol’s arm stole around the slender waist.

  True, one of them must soon resign. Perhaps they
would both resign—and go adventuring together, some-
where out in limitless space!

END
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

423

difficulty in reading it—these three, being laborers, were
not very well educated, and the language of the monu-
ment* is no longer in common use.

  ‘The three conducted me back into the cave, until we
found a long, slender, cylindrical ship waiting at the
mouth of a tunnel—but you must have seen those ships,
like huge green arrows.

  “In a few minutes we were in a city, deep in the planet.
A strange place, and rather wonderful. Fantastic struc-
tures of metal, and of green crystal, like the ships, rising
from gardens of blue and violet, beneath the globes that
hang from the cavern roof.

  “The scientists there were friendly enough, and I was
soon communicating quite readily with them.

  “I learned from them that there are some millions of
the Martians surviving. They have a surprisingly great
empire, beneath the surface of the planet Thousands of
caverns, connected with tunnels they have cut with some
sort of disintegrating ray.

  “It was a surprise to me to discover that the Martians
had visited the earth. But the scientist assured me that
several exploring parties had visited our planet, finding
the atmosphere so heavy and the effects of the gravita-
tion so oppressive that they had returned after the brief-
est of stays.

  “Though the Martian scientists are a good deal ahead
of us in most lines, I was able to give them a few bits
of information that they appreciated.

  “The scientists seemed to have a sympathetic interest
in me—specially when they learned that war was still
the rule on earth, as it once had been on Mars, and that I
had devoted my life to trying to stop it. Several of the
scientists offered, in fact, partly out of friendship and
partly to show their appreciation for the ionodyne, to go
to the earth with me to tell humanity something of the
unfortunate military experiences of Mars.

WT REFUSED their offer, of course. I didn’t think

  A humanity would listen very kindly to the persuasions
of such strange-looking beings.

  “Then the Martian ship that had set out to pay a
friendly visit to the Princess of Peace was shot down in
the hills.

  “The first reaction, among the Martians, naturally,
was anger. I suppose you would have been wiped out
if you hadn’t taken off. But the civilization of the Mar-
tians soon asserted itself; their anger gave way to sym-
pathy and regret.

  “It was that occurrence that gave me the idea. You
men who had been at each other’s throats were fighting
side by side in a few hours after the Martians appeared.
It’s a law of human nature that enemies will become al-
lies when threatened with a peril greater than their dan-
ger to each other.

  “This, it struck me, was the way to unite the earth!”

  “You mean—” I broke out excitedly, “the attack on the
earth—”

  “Succeeded in its purpose,” Dr. Eldred said, smiling,
“when the Federation of Man was ratified.

  “The scientists of Mars were willing to help. They
fitted out the five ships. Used electronic repulsion for
power, by the way. Faster than the ionodyne.

  “First we wiped out the air fleets—a pity to kill all
those men! But their bombs were smashing our civiliza-
tion entirely too fast. Armaments, anyhow, have always
been the greatest enemy of peace.

  “Then I delivered the ultimatum—you know the rest

Red Slag of Mars

 (Continued from Page 407)

THE END

  “I went back with the Martians, of course. I have
several friends among the scientists—really marvelous
minds. They always accorded me the utmost courtesy
and consideration.

  “The last five years, I’ve spent on Mars. That’s a
long time, Sidney, to be away from all human beings.
Much as I admire the Martians—the fact remains that
they are a good bit different from men.

  “I got lonely, Sidney, homesick. Got so I thought
about the earth most of the time that I should have been
sleeping. Blue, clear skies with birds singing in them.
The cool wind on your face when you walk in the coun-
try. The roar of the city and the whisper of human
voices. The washing of the sea, and its keen air.

  “Then my tobacco was gone. And I was tired of the
Martian food.”

  He ran his fingers through his long white hair, and
smiled quickly at me—and something made tears come in
my eyes.

  “Anyhow, Sidney, I’m an old man. Old men ought to
be where they can see people they love, and talk, and
dream. An old man can’t live off on a strange planet,
even if its inhabitants are kind—

  “I had the Martians bring me back. I knew, natur-
ally, that I’d be persona non grata, if caught But I
thought I could hide somewhere and live out the rest of
my years in peace, among human beings. Anyhow, I’d
been away from earth long enough to take the risk. So
I had them bring me back.

  “That’s the story, Sidney. And you understand why
you can’t repeat it.”

  My throat was tight, so I could hardly speak. I stam-
mered, “But you can’t—can’t let them flash you out! You
can’t let them condemn you for a traitor, when you’ve done
all that!”

  “Think of the Federation, Sidney. Men believe there is
a hostile power on Mars. An injustice, of course, to the
Martians. But the belief holds them together. It gives
them the sense of a common cause. It builds world-
patriotism.

  I nodded; my throat was aching. I could not speak.

  “Enough of that!” he cried, and smiled almost gaily,
and ran his fingers through his white hair. ‘Tell me about
yourself, and Joan, and what you have done together.”

  I began talking to him, a little wildly and incoherently,
I fear, of the happy, tranquil life that Joan and I had been
leading.

  All too soon, the bolts clicked, the rays vanished from
across the door, and the warden entered to take me away.

  Dr. Eldred rose, with a smile, to bid me farewell. My
eyes dimmed so that his image swam before me; I had to
grope for his outstretched hand.

  “Good-bye, Sidney,” he called after me, as I was hurried
out “And remember, not a word!”

  In the bitter days that followed, during the trial and
the brief preliminaries to the execution, I struggled hard
with myself. My word was nothing, against the life of my
friend. But I understood his reason for silence—and I
kept my promise.

  I saw Dr. Eldred during the trial, in the crowded court-
room in the Federation Tower. His white head was held
high; he was always composed.

  I glimpsed him a last time, as he was being conducted
into the chamber of execution. Tranquil composure still
supported him. His thin old body was staunchly upright;
his weary face showed no bitterness.

  He smiled, and walked proudly into the black room.
424

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE

(Continued from Page 353)

' I 'HAT was true. I had sat up late, casting up my reck-
oning, hoping thereby to save time on the start in the
morning. The corridors had been silent and deserted
when I retired. Only the guiding lights were on. I had
bidden my section guard “Good night” as I passed him.
The rest was hazy.

  I told Rifflin what my experience had been.

  ‘That seems much what happened to the rest of us,”
he said. The duty men seem to be blank about their
part They were on guard, then they ceased to exist until
they came awake like we all did. Whatever struck them
must have come up unawares."

  “But,” someone interjected, “how did the plant men get
out of their quarters? The guard there would have been
on the alert, watching for such a thing. They would
have had to break down the door for a start. Anything
they did would have made a noise. Yet none was made."

  “It’s a mystery of mysteries.” That was Whitby, very
subdued.

  That thing which had been tugging at my mind seemed
to tweak another string of my memory.

  “I don’t know ... I may be wrong,” I blurted out
“Perhaps I was only seeing things hazily, "but when they
had us lined up here not so long back, just before they
gave us that last paralyzing spray I thought I must have
been seeing double. There seemed a good many more
plant men than we’d taken.”

  “We took twenty-five,” Rifflin said. ‘Twenty-five, that’s
all that were left after we’d nursed their wounded bade
to life and buried their dead.”

  ‘There were,” Baid Paula very slowly and distinctly,
“exactly thirty-nine of them. I counted them . . . again
and again. It was the sort of mechanical thing that one
would do.”

  “Thirty-nine? Fourteen more than we’d accounted
for,” Rifflin exclaimed. “Are you sure of that, Miss
Fontaine?"

  “Positive,” said Paula.

  Rifflin looked blank. “Where could they have come
from?” he said.

  “There must have been more than that,” I hazarded.
“Some must have stayed behind to get the polyhedron
and the Icarus into running trim. Good Lord . .

  It is odd how a chance thing will start a train of mem-
ory, will set going a thought that with a leap of intuition
spans the gap between the known and the unknown.

  “Yes?” said Rifflin, looking at me intently.

  “Just an idea,” I answered. “Take it for what it’s
worth. But somehow it does seem to explain. That
plant man that we found in the observation room . . .
You remember him? He was in hiding. It was pure ac-
cident we unearthed him. If he hadn’t smashed up those
gravity shoes of his . .

  “You mean,” said Rifflin very steadily, “that he wasn’t
the only one in hiding. We iound him, we didn’t find
the others, that’s all?”

  “Exactly.” Somehow it was beginning to hang to-
gether now. “Perhaps they’d been left in charge origin-
ally, hadn’t expected us to return as we did. Or they
might have thought the men they captured were the entire
crew. At any rate our return ... the way we got the
Icarus away from the influence of that cloud of theirs
must have upset them. One we flushed ... by accident
The others we did not. They lay low and waited. That
would explain, too, why the polyhedron was not anxious
to damage us. Didn’t want to hurt their friends.”

  “And then,” said Whitby, “the Gongkas upset their cal-
culations, incidentally smashed up the polyhedron. We
repaired it for them. Wasn’t it kind of us? Meanwhile
they lay doggo, found out. I’ve no doubt, as much about
the workings of the Icarus as possible—there were ways
they could have done that—and when we’d loaded up and
made everything as nice for them as we could they struck.
Put us all to sleep and released their friends. Then took
their ship and our own, and left us here to moulder.”

  “Don’t talk like that,” said Rifflin sharply. “You
should know better. We’ve got hands and brains and
science, not to mention a friendly people to help us. It
may take long, but ...”

  “You mean we may be able to build another ship?”

  “I don’t know. I’m willing to try if that’s the only
way out But I don’t think it is. I’ve another scheme
to try first, but I’d like to think and talk over it a bit
before I suggest putting it into practice.”

  “What is it?” A dozen of us asked the question to-
gether.

  “Not now.” Rifflin waved us back. “Other things to
do before that We’ll have to take stock of our resources
firet”

  I think the feeling in the minds of all of us was that
he was talking thus merely to hearten us. There was a
drawn look in his face, lines becoming visible under his
eyes, a look in the eyes themselves that somehow did not
seem consistent with what he was saying. He looked
worried.

  Naturally. We were many millions of miles from our
home planet, and we had no means of getting back there,
no means that I could think of by which our plight
could be made known. Meanwhile the plant men, with
what intent we could only surmise, were speeding off
through our system. They might be heading for their
own planet. Again they might not We had no means
of knowing.

  But behind them now they had all the resources of
their own world. With the Icarus in their hands they
would almost certainly be able to make themselves ac-
quainted with much concerning the science of the Inner
Planets that it was not well that outsiders should know.

  Perhaps I was unduly imaginative, but in that simple
fact there seemed to me to lie the seeds of a trouble be-
sides which our own particular plight might well sink into
insignificance.

CHAPTER XXIV
The Break In The Clouds

AS Rifflin put it to us there were three courses open.

    We could set about constructing another ship. The
resources of the Neptunian civilization were at our dis-
posal; the discovery of Neptunium, as we decided provi-
sionally to call the new metal, was also an asset; but we
lacked the machines of fine precision, the manifold stereo-
typed calculations, and the standardized efficiency of the
workshops of the Inner Planets.

  To construct the ship we would have to begin by con-
structing the necessary tools and plant, start, as it were,
from scratch. The work would be a long, slow, tedious
business, and we might not be very successful in the end.

  The second suggestion had possibilities and we looked
at it for what it was worth. With the materials available
we could readily enough construct a radio station.
THE VANGUARD TO NEPTUNE	425

Whether we could reach Earth or even Mars was a dif-
ferent matter. The difficulties were obvious. We had
no doubt that Neptune, like the Inner Planets, possessed
something akin to a Heaviside Layer of Earth’s atmos-
phere, and in view of that we could only use ultra-short
waves.

  But there seemed some sort of a dead area in the neigh-
borhood of Jupiter, for once we had passed that planet on
our outward run our reception had ceased, and in the face
of that we could not tell whether our own messages had
got through to headquarters. Most probably they had
not. On the other hand Jupiter was moving away along
its path round the sun, and our relative positions were 60
constantly altering that the dead area may have passed
well to one side. It was all a gamble.

  The third suggestion seemed to offer the best prospects
of reasonable 6uecess. We were too far away from the
sun to use its beams for helio-glow signals as they do
on the short runs between the Inner Planets, on the other
hand we had in the artificial sun mirrors instruments with
a concentrative power far above anything we could pos-
sibly have made ourselves. Whether, if we were able to
divert a sufficient number from their original purpose of
short-range work, they would be effective over the enor-
mously long distance they would have to cover was
something we would have to find out by experiment.

  We could not even say with any degree of certainty
that such helio signals would be noticed by any of the
interplanetary stations. Even if they did notice them,
they might not interpret them aright. The rhythm of a
light message passing over such a distance was likely to
be subject to interruption by the passage of all sorts of
interstellar bodies in the intervening void.

  In the end we decided after a long and solemn council
at which all the officers were present that all three of the
suggestions mooted should be adopted. We had plenty
of labor and materials, and with three strings to our bow
we were less likely to lose heart over the potential failure
of any one of them. Also it would keep everybody oc-
cupied, and stop us from brooding over our lot, which,
after all, was the main thing to be avoided.

  Oddly enough the radio station was ready soonest. The
adaptation of the mirrors presented difficulties in actual
practice that we had not foreseen in theory. Using an
ultra-short wave of under two meters we succeeded in pene-
trating the local radio layer. At any rate our tests showed
that none of the waves of that length were reflected back.
We did not get any replies over a period, however, and
we could only conclude our messages had failed to reach
their objective. Even if they had I myself could see little
immediate hope of rescue. Most of the interstellar ships,
even those of the Interplanetary Guards’ service, were not
large enough in capacity to carry the necessary fuel for so
long a journey. True, it was now well over a year since
the expedition had left Earth—our return was long over-
due—and many things might have happened in the inter-
val. Some of the ships that the Council was constructing
might even now be finished, but whether they had been
tested and put into commission was another matter al-
together.

  The work on the ship went on slowly. It entailed a
great deal of paper work before we could get down to the
actual constructional part, and unfortunately there was
not one among us who had had actual workshop exper-
ience. We were all competent along our own particular
lines, but our work began where the shore mechanics’
left off. And as far as the scientists with us were con-
cerned, they were in even a worse state. They were com-
plete masters of the theory; they could do the draughts-
men’s work, and make Bmall scale models with an infin-

ity of labor, but it was almost impossible to duplicate
the trained precision and the years of experience that the
shop-educated mechanics possessed. At times we felt
on the verge of despair.

  Yet somehow the new ship grew in bulk under our fin-
gers. The shell was the least part of the trouble. That,
made of Neptinium, presented comparatively little diffi-
culty once we discovered that by working it over a wood-
en scaffolding plastered with a layer of clay mixed with
oil the pitting which had worried us during the repair
of the polyhedron was completely done away with.

TT was the interior works that gave us most trouble, and

  1 think we fell down badly over the machine-turned en-
gines and machine-bored tubings. From beginning to end
it was all experimental work, but it says a good deal for
the sturdy doggedness of our fellows that in the end all
difficulties seemed in a fair way to being overcome.

  Meanwhile the radio station was still assaulting the
ether, and the big mirrors for the helio transmitter had
been put into use. But time went by, and no sign came
that our messages had been received, so that it began to
look as though our hopes must be pinned to the ship.

  We proceeded with her only slowly. The most optimis-
tic estimate was that it would be at least six months before
she was in a condition to undergo her tests, and what the
result of them might be no one cared to prophesy.

  For one piece of good fortune we felt thankful. The
Gongkas left us severely alone. Perhaps they had learned
a lesson the night they had interfered between us and the
polyhedron and, at tremendous cost to themselves, brought
the latter to earth. No doubt they were creatures of a
fair erder of reasoning intelligence, and had become aware
that we possessed weapons that made us particularly un-
pleasant antagonists. But if that was so their intelligence
had not been equal to discovering that we were now un-
armed and helpless, save for such weapons as we had pro-
cured from our Neptunian friends.

  We lived, too, in an hourly unspoken dread that the
plant men might return, and complete the work they had
begun. However, that fear proved to be groundless.

  Gark heard of our plight early on. He seemed to think
little of it, however. Apparently he had a great belief
in the capacity of Earthmen to rise superior to their mis-
fortunes. At any rate he took advantage of our enforced
stay to hold almost daily communications with us. Seem-
ingly that aged brain was not too old to have lost a cer-
tain thirst for knowledge, particularly when it was the sort
he could acquire from an alien intelligence.

  Naturally it kept Paula busy, and since I was of no
earthly use to the work gangs—my department was, as I
have emphasized before, purely navigational—I was sent
with her, partly as escort and partly as a source of infor-
mation, for there were many things about our worlds she
could not tell Gark unless someone was at her elbow to
prompt her. I flatter myself I not only helped her to
give Gark a liberal education in the lore of the Inner
Planets, but from time to time acquired information that
turned out later to be of the utmost value. For instance—
but then, on reflection, that has nothing to do with this
narrative.

  One such day we had passed out of the domed city,
and were returning to our base. The glare of the artifi-
cial suns after the soft blue light of the corridors beneath
momentarily dazzled our eyes, so that we blinked and
blinked again. Halvus Tar, who invariably accompanied
us on such occasions, said something rapidly and excitedly
in his native tongue.

  “What’s that?” I asked.

  In common with the others I had acquired a good com*
426

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

mand of Neptunian by this, and was able to understand
practically everything except obscure colloquialisms. But
this last remark of his baffled me. Perhaps it was that in
his excitement he had slipped into the vernacular.

  For answer he seized my arm, and pointed.

  I stared. The cloud ceiling overhead was breaking. The
clouds seemed to be drifting apart, though we knew al-
most instantly it was not that.

   Through the rift in the clouds, far, far above our heads,
so high that it looked small and infinitely remote, a tiny
silvery shape was descending slowly.

  Too often had I seen such ships flashing across the
void to be mistaken now. Another few minutes and its
insignia was plain to view. A ship of the Interplanetary
Guards, the watch-dogs of space, descending out of the grey
Neptunian sky to our rescue.

W/E owed our rescue to a lucky chance, yet the manner

  ™ of it had been simple.

  During the year we had been away many things had
happened. The one that concerned us most was that the
asteroidal colonies had been placed under a sort of con-
dominium, with Earth and Mars jointly responsible to the
confederation for the administration of affairs there. As a
matter of necessity the Interplanetary Guards had extend-
ed the orbit of their patrols. Newer, larger ships had been
built on Mars, and launched from there, and the widening
patrols were made alternately by Martian and Tellurian
vessels.

  A new Guard ship, just recently commissioned, had ar-
rived at Pallas only a short while before, and it was even
then busy fitting out at the asteroidal base. It was com-
municated with, its loading completed as quickly as pos-
sible, and the ship itself rushed at velocity to that portion
of space where our signals had first been recorded.

  The patrols had not been inactive. They had had their
instruments tuned up to record anything that came along;
Jupiter was moving away on its path around the sun,
taking the dead area due to its influence along with it,
and no doubt because of this our signals were gaining
in intensity.

  The very patent fact remains, however, that as the new
Guard ship, the E. 99 hurtled across the void on her mis-
sion our signals abruptly became loud and clear.

  It was a good reason why our departure from Neptune
should be hurried. We delayed only to collect a few
necessary specimens in place of those taken away in the
Icarus. New Dewar bulbs were filled with Neptinium;
additional moving pictures taken of interesting parts of
the planet’s life, and forty eight hours after the E. 99
had broken through the clouds, she lifted again, and
Neptune receded rapidly beneath us.

' I 'HE return of the expedition was not the secret its
start had been. All the confederated planets were
aware now of what had happened. The Board of Con-
trol, backed by a strong and enlightened public opinion,
had consolidated its position, and Jens Fontaine was wise
enough not to precipitate an open rupture when he had
nothing now to gain and everything to lose.

  As soon as we were within Earth’s atmospheric envelope
and our speed slowing to a crawl Paula asked for and
obtained permission to make audiovisophone contact with
her father. She spent an hour in the cabinet and came
out with her face aglow.

  “Wait and see,” she said, when I asked her what had
been the result.

  I think, though, that there must have been threats and
counterthreats made, wheedling and cajoling, too. Old
Jens Fontaine was not the man to capitulate without a
struggle. She must have used a devastating argument—
or was it a threat?—finally to bring him to agree.

  We came down at the Madison Landing stage in NeH
York. Harran, the Earth member of the Council of
Three, was there to meet us. There were relatives and
friends of the crews.

   A stocky figure stood a little to one side on the landing
stage, a figure unmistakable. It lifted a ruddy face as
we came down the gangway, started, stared and took a
step forward. Jens Fontaine!

   Jens Fontaine stared at her as though he could not quite
believe his eyes. Then his arms went up, and he drew his
daughter towards him and kissed her. 1 suppose I should
have turned away, but I did not. I stood waiting for
the blow to fall.

  Paula released herself, and turned to me, beckoning me
forward.

   “Dad,” she said with an odd catch in her voice, “this is
Phil, Phil Grayne.”

  The keen eyes under the beetling eyebrows swept me
from head to heel. I read antagonism in their depths,
read too something that consorted ill with such a thing.

  “Dam’ you,” said Jens Fontaine politely. “So you’re
the cause of the trouble, are you? I can’t say I’m pleased
to know you, but . .

  “Dad.” The one word from Paula was a shrill protest.

  “Let me finish.” The old man waved her aside. “But,
I was going to say, it’s the sort of thing I’ll probably get
over. It seems that if I’m to keep my daughter I’ll have
to put up with you. I’m making a fine start, aren’t I?”

  I chuckled. Met face to face there was something about
this blunt, ruthless man one felt one could like. A direct-
ness . . .

  “\ou may find me hard to get on with,” he growled,
“but I dare say in time you’ll learn to do as Paula does
and make allowances for me. But I can’t have my only
child doing as she said she’d do if I thwarted her, turning
her back on Earth and me for good, and settling on Mars
or Venus.”

  So that was what she’d threatened! She had assailed
him on his one weak spot, his affection for her. She, the
last of his race, had threatened to leave him childless in
his old age, the things for which he had worked, the wealth
and power he had accumulated, in view of that, turning
barren and empty in his sight.

  That was three years ago. Much has happened since,
little of it of interest to any save ourselves. Nothing more
has been heard of the plant men. They, with their poly-
hedron and the captured Icarus, have vanished into the in-
finite. Whether they come from some other system, light
years distant from us, or merely from an unexplored satet
lite of one of the outer planets we cannot say. Until the
whole of our solar system has been mapped and explored
no definite statement can be made one way or the other.

  And on that note this narrative of my personal exper-
iences must close. The rest, the history of those further
expeditions that opened up and developed the outer plan-
ets, is, or will be, written in the Book oj Warnings* for all
intelligent planetarians to read and profit thereby.

•The Book of Warnings: The official history of the confederated
planets- past and present, so called because a goodly propor-
tion of the fifty volumes it comprises to date Is devoted to
warning the peoples of the Solar System against any return
to the old evils we hope we have banished from our midst
forever.

THE END
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY	427

The Voice in the Void

   (Continued from Page 393)

  For the past four years I have lived in dread, dread that
someone would recognize me, that I would be unveiled as
the murderer of the Martian priests in the Chicago hotel
or as the man who had blasphemed the Martian religion
and profaned the Temple of Saldebar.

  I have kept to myself. I have gained the reputation of
being shy, modest, retiring. I have not allowed myself to
be photographed, I have granted no interviews. I have re-
mained the Great Enigma and become the better known
and gained more publicity because of it.

  It was not that I cared for myself, for life is no longer
valuable to me. It was fear that I would be discovered
before the hour had struck, before I had completed all
my plans. Now the hour is near and if I live a few
more hours the world will never find me.

  Only a few hours now. My plans are well laid, all
arfangements are made. The broadcasting station is com-
pleted. Here in the cragged hills of North America’s
greatest mountains, there is a great vault, carved from
the everlasting rock. Tonight Dr. John E. Barston, the
world’s greatest surgeon, will perform an important
operation in that vault. When he leaves, he will take with
him a chest half filled with jewels, all that is left of the
great Martian treasure. He will take them with him as
the price of silence. The men who built the vault are
silenced, too, on the criminal colonies on Mercury. It
took several handfuls of the jewels to do that.

  At last revenge is in my grasp. In a few hours Mars
will be the butt of the entire universe. In a few hours
the Martian religion will be a joke.

  The Martians, who excluded me from their planet, who
stole my friend’s radium deposits and then stole his body,
the Martians, who made Kenneth Smith and me outcasts
of the solar system, shall feel the point of our wrath. I
am striking at them where it will hurt most. I am taking
from them their proud religion, I am tumbling their card
house down about the ears of their beastly priests. I am
stealing their faith as they stole the body of Kenneth
Smith.

  Good old Ken! We were pals ten years ago and we are
still pals. He has played a wonderful game. He has pre-
tended that it didn’t matter. It has been hard for him,
as it has been hard for me. He has depended on me so
much. It is I who have turned him on and off, who have
shifted his cylinder so that he may rest his eyes on a dif-
ferent scene. With the passing of the years his senses and
his brain have grown stronger. His reasoning power has
increased until he thinks in almost pure logic. His one
passion is revenge, revenge on the Martian race, and I am
giving that to him.

  I	have here an electrical transcription of my own voice.
In a short time, I shall turn on the power to its fullest in
the great station and shall set before the microphone a ma-
chine to transcribe the metal cylinder that lies before me,
to repeat the transcription over and over again so that all
may hear, may hear my voice in a declaration that will
seal the doom of the Martian religion. I shall lock the
doors of the station and before they batter them down
every living soul in the universe will know my story.
Every person will know how the bones of Kell-Rabin were
filched from the Temple of Saldebar, how the Martian race
has worshipped almost six years before an empty box.
They will know of the skeleton that I found in the pyra-
mid in the Arantian desert and of the religious frenzy that
has driven the Martians to destroy every one of these py-
ramids they can find.

  They will know, too, the truth about Kell-Rabin, whose

bones were worshipped for uncounted centuries as the
Holy Relics and the Revered Remains. They will know
that the bones of Kell-Rabin are the bones of a Terrestrial,
of a human being who must have lived on Earth millions
of years before Mu rose out of the sea. They will know
that a Terrestrial was worshipped as a god by the Martian
race and thal his bones were religiously placed in a box to
be worshipped long after he had died . . . and from the
fact thal the bones in the old pyramid and the bones of
Kell-Rabin were both Terrestrial skeletons they may draw
their own conclusions.

  The Martians, what of them? When my words flash out
to the mining stations of Mercury and the trading outposts
of Pluto, where, then, will be the proud religion of Mars?
Crumpled, dissolved, gone! Gone, as is Ken Smith’s rad-
ium deposits and his body. My words will rob them of
the thing they have held dear, all their teachings will bfl
for nothing, all their creeds will be empty words whistling
in the wind.

  A Martian has worshipped a Terrestrial! The Martian
race, believing they have worshipped a god too great to
give attention to the lesser races, will know that they have
worshipped, not a god at all, but a man from Earth, one
of the despised, money-grabbing, business-like men of the
third planet.

  When that is done I shall hurry to keep my last earthly
appointment. The appointment will be with Dr. Barston
in the vault that is chiselled from the living stone. Weeks
ago I placed in his hands complete directions, given me
by Tarsus-Egbo, for the process of transferring a human
brain to one of the cylinders. One of the cylinders, espe-
cially constructed under directions and specifications
also given me by the Martian, now rests in the vault.

  There, in the vault, I shall lie down on an operating
table and Dr. Barston will take my brain from its cavity
and place it in the cylinder and when he leaves, with a
jewel chest under his arm, there will be three cylinders,
all standing in a row . . . waiting for what?

   He will close the door of stone behind him and the auto-
matic bolts will shoot home. The three of us, Kenneth
Smith, Tarsus-Egbo, and myself, will remain behind, await-
ing our fate.

  Perhaps, in millions of years, men wonderfully ad-
vanced in science, will find us and mayhaps they will know
how to release us from the cylinders and give us bodies
again. Perhaps men will never come and we will remain
forever in the deep sleep of seeming death. Perhaps we
will never be aroused from that sleep, perhaps no one will
ever attach the machine to our cylinders. If anyone of in-
telligence gains entrance to our vault, he will find there,
imprinted on metal pages, definite information which
should be easy for him to follow.

  Life holds no more for me. I might as well be dead.
It is Ken’s idea, however, and I am going through with it.
It was my suggestion that I destroy his cylinder and kill
myself when vengeance was accomplished, but he suggested
this other way, and it may be the better way.

  Only a few minutes remain. I must soon start for the
broadcasting station. Then I must hurry to keep my ap-
pointment with Dr. Barston.

  My last thought shall be, I know, whether or not I will
ever live again, or if, when I go under the anaesthetic, my
days are ended. It matters little either way. My ven-
geance will then have been complete.

   When the knife cuts into my skull, all the universe will
be listening to my final words, and the name of Kell-Rabin
will be bandied about in laughter from world to world.
428

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

SENSATIONAL DISAPPEARANCE.
FIRE IN NEW INTERPLANETARIAN RADIO
STUDIO VEILS DEEP MYSTERY

               By Amalgamated Press
VENTNOR, Calif., October 5th—As the new gigantic in-
terplanetarian station IXXB went on the air tonight for the
first time, the whole universe held its breath for what its
new and generous owner, Mr. Robert Humphrey would
have to say. Much mystery had surrounded the building
of this station and untold wealth had been poured into it,
yet no one seems to have the confidence of the silent
Humphrey who intimated that the mystery would be
speedily ended with the first broadcast.	/

  Mr. Humphrey had spent much time in arranging his
inauguration address, and instead of facing the micro-
phone himself, he had preferred to make a record of his
voice and it is understood that a number of these had
been made as he was not satisfied with the first ones.
He intended to have the first broadcast letter-perfect, and
it was personally “edited” by him a number of times to
make it 100% perfect.

  The station, as is well known, was to go on the air last
night at 8 o’clock sharp, and the populace of not only our
own earth but all the other planets were at a fever pitch
to hear this first broadcast. The reason of course, was
that Mr. Humphrey had spent millions in the week be-
fore the broadcast was to come off in newspapers, radio
broadcasting on other stations, and, as a matter of fact,
he used every means of publicity he could to draw at-
tention to the first broadcast of his station. Sensational

THE

  copy was used in all his advertising to make sure that
  everybody would listen. Such sentences as “The Greatest
  Dramatic Story Ever Told in the Universe,” “Revelations
  That Will Set the Universe Agog,” had caused heated
  speculation as to what the first broadcast would be.

    A few minutes before 8 o’clock, when the memorable
  event was to come off, a heavy thunderstorm was at its
  height near this city, and at exactly five seconds before 8,
  a lightning bolt struck the studio of the immense station.
  The listeners heard the announcer introduce Mr. Humph-
  rey whose voice from the record had just gone on the air,
  with the words, “Ladies and Gentlemen, I am about
  to make the most dramatic revelation of the ages . .
  This terminated the broadcast because when the lightning
  struck it set fire to the studio, and inasmuch as the an-
  nouncer and the two control men at the studio had been
  stunned, the fire immediately gained some headway and
  the record was destroyed in the ensuing blaze.

    There was no duplicate record, but strangest of all, Bob
  Humphrey was not in the building, and he is strangely
  missing. The mystery has now deepened, as for sixteen
  hours no word has been had from Humphrey. It is cer-
  tain that if he had been near the scene, he would have been
  able, in person, to make his announced broadcast or supply
  another record. The fire was not so extensive, and the
  main radio generating plant was not damaged excepting
  the studio, and the station could have gone on the air with-
  in three hours after the fire. Yet, there is no word from
  Humphrey. His station staff hint that he bid them good-
  bye in the afternoon telling them that “they might have to
  get new positions after tomorrow.” Foul play is feared.
  END

BOOK

PRICES

SLASHED

As Long As The Supply Last!

3 F0R $1.00

SENT PREPAID
TO YOU

  35c

THE COPY

NO. I

Hero you will read the Inter-
eating and unusual experience*
that happen behind the closed
door* oT a doctor'! inner offlce
Written in diary form by Maurlco
Chldeckel, M.D. Unbellevablo
but true.

 Mail Coupon Now!

 POPULAR BOOK CORPORATION. Dept. W8Q-3-3
 98 Park Plae*. New York. N. Y.

  Please tend mo the book (or book*) selected below. I
  hare encirclod the numbers I desire. I enclose remit-
  tance for $--at the rate of 35 cents a copy or

  3 books Tor SI.00. You are to send the books to me
  postpaid^ (CANADA and FOREIGN 5 cents extra postage

  I lure selected the following books: 13 5

 All of these books sold for 50c. a copy up to now. But in order to
 clear our stock we are selling them at 35c. a copy AS LONG AS THE
 SUPPLY LASTS.

 If you ever wanted a fine book at a big bargain, here is your last
 chance.

No Fiction

 POPULAR BOOKS aim to educate you and entertain. They never
 contain fiction. They are all on SPECIAL SUBJECTS. Each book is
 compiled by EXPERTS. Every book contains far more matter than
 the usual $2.00 book, and gives you a wealth of material for the
 price of a high-class magazine.

 All books are uniform in size—the large (9 x 12-inch) page which is
 a favorite with readers; heavy and durable paper only is used, and
 the type is selected for its readability. The covers are always in four
 colors and varnished to keep from soiling.

                The majority of POPULAR BOOKS are pro-
                fusely illustrated.

 CITT ui STATE

 100 large pages per book.

FILL IN THE COUPON AND ORDER TODAY.
We accept money orders, U. S. stamps or cash.

Popular Book Corp.

Dept. WSQ-3-3

 98 Park Place

 New York

Ho. 9

Dr. D.rld R. Kalin. M.D.. dU-
CQSSM such Important topics aa
Sexual Physiology of the Young
Man. Love and Marriage. The
Normal 8ex Life. Psychology of
the Young Girl. Companionate
Marriage and doxens of other im-
portant topics from a sclentlflo
standpoint. Contains the best and
most advanced thoughts on Life
and Reproduction of interest U
sveryono—enlightenment on e*ery
page.	*

No. 3

SNAPPY HUMOR Is a collec-
tion of the world’s best wit, culled
from periodicals of every langu-
age. It contains the cream of
the world's mirth, Fronch. Ger-
man. English, etc.. etc., with rich
and snappy illustrations, also
many varied stories. Over 750
Original Illustrations. Plenty of
laughs—thrills on overy page.
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

429

Wliat Joes your
H an cl writing ^

  reveal:

Learns ahout~> the? future.? —
How to betted your^ position;—
To make? lifcJ happier’—

  Most astounding are the facts re-
vealed from your own handwriting.
Little do you realize the discoveries
that can be made from your name and
address or a few words written on a
sheet of paper, and carefully analyzed
by one of the greatest grapho-analy-
Bists in the country. Amazing troths
have been told about great men and
women, actors, engineers, professors
and others by simply reading their
handwriting.

Here’s Your* Chance?

   For a short time only we offer to readers of
WONDER STORIES, both old and new, the op-
portunity to enter their subscriptions for an
additional period of one year, and at the same
time have your handwriting read FRJEE by an
expert. If you want to know more about your-
self or learn things about yourself that you do
not already know, simply fill in the coupon be-
low by writing your nnroe and address and a
few words in the coupon, clip to it a Two Dollar
Bill, check, stamps or money order for that
amount, and mail it to us. In a few days you
will receive a detailed account, with great ac-
curacy. the facts which your handwriting re-
veals to the analystst. AT THE SAME TIME
YOU WILL RECEIVE IN ADDITION, A YEAR
SUBSCRIPTION TO WONDER STORIES,
YOUR FAVORITE MAGAZINE.

ACT QUICKLY

Rash the coupon to us quickly, and be
among the first to have your handwrit-
in read.

  Clip and Mail Coupon TODAY!

STBI.LAR PUBLISHING COW. WSQ-3-3
98 Park Place, New York, N. T.

  I enclose herewith my remittance of Two
Dollars, (check, money order, or stamps ao
ceptcd.) for which enter my subscription to
WONDER STORIES for One Year, also send
roe absolutely FREE, a detailed report of the
facta revealled to the analysist of my writing.

Name---------------------------

(Write your name clearly, in your usual
handwriting)

Address-------------------------

City and State..............

(write a few words)

 THE READER SPEAKS

In WONDER STORIES QUAR-
TERLY only letters that refer to
stories published in the QUAR-
TERLY will be printed.

  Six Cases Ably Expounded

Editor, Wonder Stories Quarterly:

   A little discussion of Mr. Cypin’s dis-
covery of a “fallacy” in my plot which
Mr. Cummings turned into the "Dere-
lict of Space.”

   First assumption: That little part of
earth’s surface which we call Texas is
motionless in absolute space.

  Case 1: A crack train, the Sunbeam,
leaves Houston for Dallas at one minute
after noon, arriving at 6:30 p.m. I am
a passenger, sitting in a reclining chair
car on the right (east) side of the
train. My suitcase beneath me keeps
its position relative to me. The smoke
from ray cigarette goes straight up. The
window by my right hand remains next
to me. We all travel together. It is
now 12:15'A p.m. In six hours we’ll
be coming into the edge of Dallas. Scen-
ery seems to flow backward outside the
window.

  Case 2: At 12:15'/i, instead of sit-
ting inside the car, I am crouched upon
the roof of the same car. The wind
sweeps my hat off; but the car, includ-
ing its roof, move along with me. An
airplane, flying low, passes the train
from behind. By an improvement of
the still dangerous method by which
army planes can pick up ground mes-
sages, the airplane swings a grapnel
to hook into a harness upon my back,
and swings me aloft In two hours, at
2:15/ p.m. the plane drops me at the
very place where the train will be at
6:14J4. I have traversed the same
space in faster time, and am four hours
ahead of the train.

  Case S: At 12:15'A I am sitting in-
side the train, as in Case 1. Mr. Cypin
sits beside me. Instead of climbing on
top of the train for the airplane pick-
up, dangerous to me, to my hat, and
especially to the aviator, I use a time
travel machine. It is connected with a
system of wires in my clothing and my
hat, and to my spectacles. Everything
between the wires or within six inches
of them will move. At 12:15)4 pre-
cisely I press the switch which will ad-
vance me six hours in time. Immedi-
ately :—

  A—Mr. Cypin feels a draft, for my
right shoulder was within six inches of
the window glass. He turns his head,
and is amazed that I am no longer
there: most of the seat is gone, too, and
nart of the floor. Six hours later, when
Mr. Cypin and the train are entering
Dallas, I am not back on the train with
the window glass, seat, and flooring, be-
cause, when I pressed that switch at
12:15K. immediately:—

  B—I, part of the seat, part of the
floor, part of the window, and some
air, are at 6:15J4 p.m. in time but
occupying the same space in Texas that
we occupied six hours earlier. I men-
tion three possibilities:

  Best possibility: The southbound
Owl, which left Dallas at 12:01 p.m. for
Houston and passed the other train and
Mr. Cypin halfway, is entering Hous-
ton. I and my impedimenta land on
the carpeted floor of the observation
diner, and after a slight jolt are ready
to ride into Houston station. Mr. Cy-

Enjoy the Wonders of
Nature with an
Extra Powerful
MICROSCOPE or
BINOCULARS

This season you can enjoy outdoor sports by
carrying with you a handy pair of pocket bin-
oculars ... . or facilitate your laboratory work
by using a microscope of more powerful design.
Or you can even keep in your pocket a small
telesoope which will often come in handy.

Pockescope—The Pocket Telescope

 Not much larger than an ordinary
knife and yet it is a wonderfully powerful tele-
scope. Easily focused and capable of enlarg-
ing a view many times. Finished in black crys-
tallized lacquer with nickel trimming. Each in-
strument supplied with leather case. C Power.
Length ck)Bed 3Vi". Diam. l-S/16", Prioe 12.00;
3 Power, Length closed 2%". Diam. 11/16''.
Price J1.00.

Biascope—6-Power Pocket Binocular

  Compact and light in weight, ragged strength
for kmg use. Focusim? devise permits accur-
ate adjustment. Furnished with genuine os-
trich grain leather case. Excellent for athletic
events, motoring, theatre, hunting and camping.
Model illustrated, object lens 1" Diam., height
extended S-9/16", Price 15.00.

110-Power Microscope

The convenient site, sim-
ple manipulation and pre-
cise optical qualities of
these Microscopes will ap-
peal to biologists, chemists,
geologists, dentists, physi-
cians, laboratory workers
and experimenters. De-
tachable base permits ex-
amining large and small
objects. Single achromatio
lenses, magnifies BOX, 76X,
100X and 110X, non-tilting
stand. Height extended
8V6". Chromium and black
lacquer finish. Price com-
plete with case, $10.00.

To order, simply fill in
coupon completely and
send remittance for full
amount in check or
money order. Goods will
be delivered promptly.
Include sufficient post-
ago to insure safe de-
livery—any excess will
be refunded.

CLIP COUPON AND
MAIL!

-	GRENPARK COMPANY	W8Q-3-S

| 2<5 Greenwich 8tre«t. New York. N. V.

I Kncloted find my remittance for tbs •mount

■	» .......... for which you ire to send me

I articles checked below. I underiUnd thete product*

■	to be perfect.

| POCKET TELESCOPE	Urn III. J2 M

the I

[J BIA8COPE BINOCULARS,

 R5S

  , 15.00.

Smell iis« !

_ | j UI.1QI.VI U Ull'UUUIdOO, »I.VV.

I [) UO-POWKB MICROSCOPE. JIO OO.

J Nun. -

I Address _

jjMU _sun_
430

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

SPECIAL SALE!!

WOULD YOU like to leam how to
write for newspapers and magazines?
WOULD YOU like to know the "in-
side workings” of a reporter’s job, and
how to become a “newsman” or spe-
cial feature contributor?

THEN—DO NOT MISS THIS
OPPORTUNITY!

  We have left just 3,000 sets of tha
well-known PRACTICAL COURSE IN
JOURNALISM, by Henry John Brock-
meyer of the “New York Evening!
Post,” This interesting, compact read-
ing course consists of a set of six
handy pocket-size books, providing a
complete self-training for the man
who wants to turn his writings into
money.

  This course has been selling regu-
larly for three dollars. We are clos-
ing out the whole edition, and will let
you have a set for ONE DOLLAR—as
long as the supply lasts.

  S«nd No Money. We will m»il you th.
whole set of ,lx books. You p»y the peat-
man *1.00, plua a few cents for postage. No
more to pay I Money absolutely refunded if you
arc not satisfied. You are the Bole Judge.

—---.--Order Blank-----—

PRESS GUILD, Inc., 1« Murray St., New York

   Please mall me your "Practical Ccurae in
Journalism." I will pay postman One Dollar
and postage. If not aatisfied I may return the
set of books and you will refund my money.

Kama ..
Address

THE READER SPEAKS

(Continued from Page 429)

pin and I are some two hundred miles
apart.

  Greatest probability: In arriving at
6:15)4 p.m., we find the track unoc-
cupied, and fall with a bump, landing
on the rail. I walk to the nearest street
car and go home for supper.

  Worst possibility: The southbound
train is a second or two late. At 6:15)4
p.m. its oil burning engine occupies the
space from which I began my time
journey. I land in the firebox and go
up in smoke. Just my luck!

  Now we are ready to leave Texas. In-
stead of the first assumption, take a
second assumption: The center of the
earth remains at the same point of ab-
solute space. For convenience, we let
the axis of the earth remain along the
same line. The earth rotates on this
axis.

  Case 4: Mr. Cypin and I enter a
launch at Coney Island and proceed
five miles south, to latitude 40', longi-
tude 74*, exactly. With our time travel
apparatus, we, at noon precisely, trans-
port ourselves six hours in time to six
p.m. But during that time the globe
will have made a quarter-revolution.
Our latitude is the same, but we are
90* of longitude further east, at sea
level under a mountain ESE of Lauria,
Potenza, Basilicata, Italy. That un-
fortunate journey was in time, not in
space. Since there is six hours differ-
ence in sun time between Coney Island
and Lauria, Mr. Cypin and I die at
midnight precisely, Lauria time, and
six p.m. E.S.T.

  Case 5: We start from a balloon
over the water, not from a boat on the
surface. We travel instantaneously,
not through time this time, but east-
ward 90'. Immediately we arrive on
the same Italian mountain, and it is
six p.m. there.

  Change now to a third assumption:
The sun is at absolute rest; the earth
revolves and rotates normally.

  Case 6: At noon, sun time, from any
point on the globe, wo transport our-
selves, not in space but in time, six
hours forward or backward. Result:
we occupy the same position relative to
the sun, but the earth is six hours
away, some considerable mileage. There
we are in space.

  The plot which Mr. Cummings made
into a story omitted even that assump-
tion. It assumed instead that the sun
also moves in space. The weakness is
the lack of any fixed point of reference.
The theory of relativity seems to deny
us that. If I understand Eddington’s
popular exposition of Einstein, the
speed of light is a controlling limit,
and in the space-time continuum there
are certain events that can and some
that cannot be related to our here-now.
Time travel, in fiction, is an entirely
different thing.

  Time travel is not just my going back
to where I was yesterday (that would
be memory, and I’d remember your
presence there then, too) nor ahead to
where I’ll be tomorrow. By the ordin-
ary conventions of science fiction, time
travel is either moving to a different
time and place, as if you go from the
U. S., A. D. 1931, to the Great Wall of
China, A.D. 931, or else it is moving to
a different time in the same place, which
is the commoner fictional use. The
point of my h'cky plot was that time

... Stop Here For New
and Popular Books . . .

    W* herewith preeent to the reader* of thle
magazine, the raoet complete collection of proa*
tlcel end ecientifie books. We here, after an ex-
haustive study, selected theee volamee because
ther represent the beet books of their kind in
print today. There b such a greet variety that
we are sure yon will find many to answer your
requirements.

    We publish no catalogue and ask yon to be
kind enough to order direct from this advertise-
ment. Prompt shipments will be made to yon di-
rect from the publishers. Wo merely act as a
clearing house for a number of book publishers

and OUR PRICES ARB AS LOW OR LOWER
THAN WILL BE FOUND ANYWHERE. Prompt
shipments will bo made.

    Remit by money order or certified check. If yon
■end cash, be sure to register It If yon wish to
get any other titles, please write us.

   Ford Model *A" Car, Including Model
MAA” Truck
By V. W. Pago, New edition, revised up to 1981.
Explains the new Ford inside and out, oonrtruo-
tlon, operation and repairs. Every part described
and all repair processes explained and illus-
trated by 818 engravings, bevel drive, and all
changes of importance in the new Model A
Ford Car. 700 pages. Price $2.50. (With spo-
cial 25x28-inch Ford "A" Trouble Shooting
Chart. Price $2.76).

     A. a C of Gilding and SaiMying
A brand new book on motorless flying. Explains
everything about this popular sport j all types of
Gliders and Sailplanes, construction, control and
launching; principles of gliding, soaring, air cur-
rents, etc. Instructions for building simple Glid-
er, with WORKING DRAWINGS. How to form
a Glider Club, etc. 200 pages, 70 illustrations.
Price, Paper Binding. $L50* Cloth. $2,00.

        . Aviation Engine Examiner
By Major Victor W. Page. Aviation engines ex-
plained in simple questions and answers. Pre-
pares you for job as aircraft engine meohanlos
valuable to pilots and students. Describes all
types aviation engines, parts and construction*
principles of operation, with instructions for
engine inspeotlon, installation, trouble shooting.,
overhauling and repair. Compact, condensed,
simplified. 400 pages, 260 illustrations. Prico
$8^0,

        Everybody's Avistlon Guide
By Major Victor W. Page. 600 Questions and
Answers thst teach aviation from the beginning.
Complete information necessary for U. S. Gov-
ernment license. Construction of airplane®—parts

—	functions — equilibrium — control, etc. 266
pages. 140 illustrations. Price. $2.00.

            A. B. C. of Aviation
By Major Victor W. Page. A clearly written
book giving you a basic knowledge of aircraft
and why they fly. An ideal book for everyone
approaching study of aviation. 160 pagee. 160
Illustrations. Price, $1.00.

               Modern Aircraft
By Major Victor W. Page. Covers all type# of
American and foreign airships, airplanes, and
engines, design and construction, with complete
Instructions for operating and maintenance.
Nineteen practical chapters. Used in 200 schools,
856 pages. 400 illustrations, 28 tables. Price $5.00

         Modern Diesel Engine Practice
By Orville Adams. An Indispensable guide for
every Owner and Operator, covering every basic
fact requisite to a complete understanding of
Diesel Engine Theory and Operation. This book
combines in one volume, a text for study and
reference, and a practical manual on operation
and repair. Written by a recognized authority on
Modern Diesel Engineering. Includes Information
on the Modem Packard Diesel Aircraft Engine.
600 pages. 400 engravings. Price, $6.00 net.

              House Wiring
By Tbos. W. Poppe, Electric Engineer. Revised
enlarged and brought up to date by Harold P.
Strand, Master Electrlcian-Contractor. Complete
in every detail and in accordance with the 1080
National Electrical Code. Profusely Illustrated.
Plans and layout of work in old and new con-
struction—Locating outlets—Sizes of wire—Ar-
mored cable wiring—New type ABC Cable—Run-
ning the cable—Testing—Meter board construc-
tion—Grounding — Bell wiring — Burglar alarm
wiring—Telephone wiring—etc., etc. 226 pages,
171 Illustrations. Pooket site. Price, $1.00.

            Electricity for Beginners
By E. H. Thomas. Just the book for those be-
ginning study of Electricity. Written by an ex-
perienced Instructor, and containing 106 pages,
fully illustrated. 40 chapters. Including circuits,
resistance, pressure, horsepower, kilowatt mag-
neto-genera tor, dynamo, generators and motors,
electric light, telegraph, telephone, electro-plat-
ing, etc. Used in many high schools. Price.
$L50.

         Copies of these books sent
         prepaid on receipt of price.

    NORLEY BOOK CO.

960 Park Place	New York, N. T.

“The Gathering Place
                of

Cosmopolitan New Yorkers."

THE
RUSSIAN VILLAGE

100 West 57th Street
New York City

Dining, Dancing, Russian and
Gypsy Entertainment.
LUNCH—TEA—DINNER
No cover charge at any time.

Broadcasting WOR Circle 7-9434
RADIO'S UUCST MACAZtNf

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

RADIO’S

livest
ma

 Needful to everyone interested in Radio is a
 radio magazine that includes in cach issue all
 of the outstanding developments of .the month.
 It is important that such news be carried
 which is most advantageous to the largest
 number of readers. This is exactly what
 RADIO-CRAFT does. In it you will find ar-
 ticles which broadly cover topics that are in-
 teresting and which should be thoroughly
 known by those who find radio a diversion.
 From the radio man's point of view these ar-
 ticles are written, still every amateur or
 “ham” can get the utmost from them. Such
 well-known authorities as Lee do Forest, C. E.
 Denton, Sylvan Harris, Bertram M. Freed and
 others contribute articles regularly to RADIO-
 CRAFT.

  Such educational articles on the following are
  to be found in every issue:

 New radio tubes—Short wave sets and con-
 vertors—Automobile radio—Airplane radio—
 Latest In radio—Testing equipment—Radio
 construction—Money-making ideas—Servicing
 radios and dozens of other articles.

 RADIO-CRAFT is folly illustrated
 with photographs, diagrams and
 sketches. Each issue contains over
 150 illustrations.

 On All Newsstands.

   25c the Copy

g MONTHS FOR

 The regular subscription price to RADIO-
 CRAFT is $2.60, newsstand rate $3.00; for
 a limited time only we offer you this unusually
 low rate.

Mail Coupon TODAY

 RADIO-CRAFT Magazine WSQ-3-3
 86-98 Park Plan, New York, N. Y.

 Enclosed herewith you will find $1.00,
 (check or money order preferred) for
 which you are to send me RADIO-
 CRAFT for the next Eight Months.

 Name

 Address

 City

 -State ....

 (Foreign subscriptions not iccepted at this price)

THE READER SPEAKS

 travel which failed to consider the
 movement of the earth in space would
 be disastrous. In my office at home
 are some notes for a story I hope to
 write on a variation of the same point.

   Appreciative regards to Mr. Cypin;
 also to Dr. Foltz. Now I’ll stop writ-
 ing and read the stories in the new
 Wonder Stories Quarterly. They
 look good.

              W. Thurmond,

                 Victoria, Texas.

   (Mr. Thurmond has so ably expound-
 ed his thesis of the fascinating story,
 “Derelict of Space” that we add no
 comment. But if Mr. Cypin is not con-
 vinced we invite him to reply.—Editor)

 The Earth Would Move Closer

   The latest issue of the Quarterly
 was the best since its inception. Mr.
 Pratt certainly outdid himself. “The
 Onslaught from Rigel” was exceeding-
 ly pleasing inasmuch as Mr. Pratt
 mixed the right proportion of good hu-
 mor with the dramatic side of the
 story.

   “The Moon Destroyers” was good al-
 though the author forgot that, as the
 editor says, the earth and the moon
 are an astronomical unit. Hence the
 removal of the moon would cause a de-
 crease in the centrifugal force of the
 earth-moon system around the sun, and
 would result in the earth’s moving
 closer to the sun by about five or six
 million miles. Whether this would be
 harmful or not cannot be readily de-
 termined.

   “The Revolt of the Star Men” pre-
 sents a bizarre thought. The possibil-
 ity of life existing in interplanetary
 space is not as remote as it may seem
 to be. There are several kinds of pro-
 tozoa and bacteria which are able to
 survive even at such low temperatures
 as the boiling point of helium which is
 269 degrees below zero Centigrade, only
 four degrees above absolute zero.

    Neil R. Jones’ story was novel, to say
  the least. The end was quite unex-
  pected, almost like one of O. Henry’s.

    Both of the contest stories were good.
  The fourth prize story deserved a high-
  er award however for the third prize
  tale was too much like P. Schuyler Mil-
  ler’s “Man From Mars.”

   And as usual, Paul’s art was above
 reproach. Yes, Mr. Editor, you’ll have
 to go a long way to beat the Winter
 1932 Quarterly.

                Milton Kaletsky,

              New York, N. Y.

    (Mr. Kaletsky is in error in his be-
 lief that the moon exercises any in-
 fluence on the earth’s rotational period
 or distance about the sun. The earth’s
 orbit is determined by two factors: its
 speed about the sun and its distance
 from the sun. Were either one changed
 the other would have to be changed in
 an inverse proportion. An increased
 distance from the sun would mean a
 slower orbital speed, for stability; and
 the contrary would be true if the earth
 approached the sun.

    The moon’s effect upon the earth is
 purely in the earth’s rotation on its
 axis. There would probably be huge
 tidal waves following the moon’s de-
 mise; but no effect on its orbital mo-
 tion.—Editor)

  The Greatct Sin of all is total IGNORANCE

  of the roost important subject in tho life of
  every man and woman—8EX.

    Away With False Modesty!

  Let us face the facta of sex fearlessly And
  frankly, sincerely and scientifically. Let us
  tear the veil of shame and mystery from aex
  and build the future of the raoe on a new
  knowledge of all the facts of sex aa they are
  laid bare in plain, daring but wholesome words,
  and frank picture* in the huge new library of
  Ski Knowledge.

“MODERN EUGENICS”

^SECRETS

 Everything a
 Married Woman
 Should Know—

  How to hold a hatband
  How to h*»e perfect chil-
  dren

  How to preserve youth
  Warding off other women
  Keeping yourself attrac-
  life

  Why huibindi tire of
  wives

  Dreadful diseases duo to
  Ignorance
  DiMAiei of women
  Babies and birth control
  Twilight ileep—eaay
  childbirth
  How bablet are con-
  ceited
  Diseases of children
  Family health guldo
  Change of life—hygiene
  Why children die young
  Inherited tralta and dis-
  eases

  What win you tell your
  growing girl?

  The mystery of twlnt
  Hundreds of valuable
  remedies

 Secrets for Men—

  Mistakes of early mar-
  riages

  Secret* of fascination
  Joyi of perfect mating
  How to make women lore
  you

  Bringing op healthy
  children
  Peters and contagious
  diseases
  Accident* and emergen-
  cies

  Hygiene In the boms
  Limitation of offspring
  The sexual embrace
  Warning to young men
  Bee rets of greater delight
  Dangerous dlseasea
  Secrets of sex attraction
  Hygienic precaution*
  Anatomy and physiology
  The reproductive organs
  What every woman wants
  Education of the family
  Bn health and prevention

Girls—
Don’t Marry

 befort you know all

 this—

 The dangers of petting
 How to be a vamp
 How to manago the
 honeymoon
 What liberties to allow a
 lover

  Secrets of ths wedding
    night

  Beauty diets and baths
  Do you know—

  How to attract desirable
    men

  How to manago men
  How to know if ho loves
  you

 How to acquire bodily
 grace and beauty
 How to beautify faee,
 hands, hair, teeth and
 feet

  How to acquire charm
  How to dteis attractively
  Intimate personal hygiene
  How to pick a husband

            IMPORTANTI
 This work will not be told to minors.
 Wins ordering mr boot stats four age!

 Ur an Is

 Name

  Orenpark Company

  245 Greenwich 8t
  Dept. W8Q-3-3
  Now York, N. Y.

  Please tend me "Mod-
  Eugcnict" RRAi.En
  In plain wrapper. 1 am
  tending you 12.98 In ac-
  cordance with your tpecltl
  half price offer.

 City and 8tste .
432

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

CONTENTS FOR MARCH

 ASTRONOMY:

 Is There Another Innermost Planet?

 AUTOMOTIVE:

 Auto Hints

 New Automotive Devloes
 Old Auto Parts Prise Contest
 AVIATION:

 Building a Simple Model Glidtt
 Featherweight Model Wheels
 Glider Train
 High-Altitude Mapping
 Machine-Gun Camera
 Novel Propeller
 Tailless French Plane

 BEST IDEA. TEN DOLLARS FOR THE
 BIOLOGY:

 Sixty Thousand Eyes!

 What Are We EvoMngT
 CHEMISTRY:

 Bunsen Burner from Standard Parts
 Chemical Barometer
 Chemistry in the Kitchen
 CIGAR BOXCRAFT $600.00 PRIZE
 CONTEST
 CONSTRUCTION:

 Compressed-Air Model Speed Boat
 Distinctive Furniture Ornaments
 Model Ice. Land and Water Skiff
 Model Railroading
 Pee Wee Automobile
 Small Crucible Furnace
 Whistling Arrow
 EDITORIAL:

 A Revolution in Foods
 ELECTRICITY:

  Electrocuting Insect Pest#

 New Electrical Devices
 Oscillating Motor
 Radium Rivalled by X-Ray Tube
 Rocks Melt in Cold Furnace
 Three Novelty Compasses
 HOUSEHOLD MANAGEMENT t
 Helpful Hints

 Lamp from Bottle and Hoes
 New Inventions for the Household
 Painting Your Own Home
 Safety Ladder Hook
 Storage Cellar Keeps Food Sweet
 Wail Paper, to Loosen
 METAL WORKING:

 Decorative Work in Copper
 Pewter Ware (Part II)

 Shop Hints
 MISCELLANEOUS:

  Controlling San Francisoo's Traffic
  Convection Motor
  Quackery Up-to-date
  New Musical Instrument#

  Sclenti-Mechanlcs Progress
  ORACLE:

 PATENT ADVICE:

 PHOTOGRAPHY:

 Infra-Red Photography in Darkness
 Trick Photography
 PRIZE CONTEST. $100.00 Cover Pictur#
 TiUe
 RADIO:

 Operating Hints for Set Owner#

  Police Radio Installation
  Radio for the Pocket
  Radio Kinks
  Radio Stethoscope
  Radio Makes Violin an Orchestra
  Short-Wave Receiver for "Ham" Bands
  SCIENCE AND ITS APPLICATIONS:

 Models of Atoms

 New Light on Familiar Object#

 Rockets in the Next War
 Science Makes It Possible
 Science News of the Month
 Simple Scientific Amusement#

 Sunlight Turned Into Power
 X-Ray Microscope Proves Movement of
 Electrons
 SCIENCE FORUM

 SCIENTIFIC BOOKS. Review of New
 TELEVISION:

  Monitoring Television
  Television on a Light-Beam
  Twenty-Four-Foot Image
  WOODWORKING:

 Amateur Woodworking Course
 Book Rack

 Buzz Saw from Old Sewing Maehin#

 Cabinet Easily Made
 Diving Wheel for Swimmers
 Five-Compartment Lamp
 Hanging Mirror
 Living Room Table
 Shop Hints
 WRINKLES. RECIPES and FORMULAS
 CONSTRUCTIONAL ARTICLES

  A* always. there ire too many of the»e to lUt st
  length; article* on wood turning and woodworking;
  model making; eheet metal work: iclentlflc and chem-
  ical experiment*; conrcnlent and profitable htni» for
  house decoration and furnishing; radio, etc.

All that we claim it to be
and better • • • •

WE DO not hesitate to say that EVERYDAY SCIENCE AND
MECHANICS is the finest scientific-technical-mechanical-
comtructioiwl magazine in the field. Right up-to-the-minute with
news flashes of scientific events from all parts of the world. Dozens
of constructional articles for making useful things for the shop,
garden and home. Many ideas from which you can make things
to sell.

    Get this magazine at your newsstand today. Read about the
many cash prizes which are offered for simple experiments in pho-
tography, oddities in science, uses of old auto parts, radio experi-
ments, recipes, formulas and others.

,_MAIL COyPON_TODAY!___

EVERYDAY SCIENCE AND MECHANICS.	1

100 Park Plaee. New York. N. Y.	W80-3-3 1

1 eocloie herewith One Dollar for which you are to
■end me EVERYDAY 8CIENCE AND MECHANICS
for the next Eight Month*.

Name -.-

Addresi -

City and 8tate

(Foreign or Canadian eubicriptloni not accepted
st this rate.)

After reading your first issue, you'll agree
with us that EVERYDAY SCIENCE AND
MECHANICS is all that we claim it to be.
and better.

Special Offer

The regular yearly subecription price to
EVERYDAY SCIENCE AND MECHAN-
ICS is $2.50. newsstand rate $3.00. For
a limited time only we offer you

8 Months (or $1.00
CHARLES ATLAS, Dept, 57-P,

133 East 23rd Street, New York City.

  I want the proof that your system of Dy-
namic-Tension will make a New Man of
me—give me a healthy, husky body and big
muscle development. Send me your free
book, "Everlasting Health and Strength

Name............................

(Please print or write plainly)

Address............................

City........................State

Give me your measure and

I’ll PROVE You Can Have

Gamble a 2c. Stamp—To Prove I Can
Make YOU a New Man!

  Gamble a 2c stamp today by mailing the coupon for a

free copy of my book, "Everlasting Health and Strength.” It tells
you all about my special Dynamic-Tension method, and what it has
done to make big-muscled men out of run-down specimens. It show’s
you, from actual photos, how I have developed my pupils to the same
perfectly balanced proportions of my own physique, by my own secret
methods. What my system did for me, and these hundreds of others it
can do for you too. Don't keep on being only 25 or 50 percent of the
man you can be! Find out what I can do for you.

  Where shall I send your copy of “Everlasting Health and Strength?"
Jot your name and address down on the coupon, and mail it today.
CHARLES ATLAS. Dept. J.7-P, 133 East 23rd Street. New York City.

i

 i

 ■

  I

  ■

  i

  i

  ■

  i

 i

A Body like Mine!

 I’LL give you PROOF in 7 DAYS that I can turn you,
 too, into a man of might and muscle. Let me prove
 that I can put layers of smooth, supple, powerful
 muscles all over your body.

   If you are underweight I’ll add the pounds where
 they are needed and, if you are fat in any spots, I’ll
 show you how to pare down to fighting trim.

   And with the big muscles and powerful, evenly-
 developed body that my method so quickly gives you,
 I’ll also give you through-and-through health—health
 that digs down into your system and banishes such
 things as constipation, pimples, skin blotches and
 the hundred-andone other ailments that rob you
 of the good times and the good things of lite.

Here's All You Do!

   Just jot down your name and address on the coupon
 below, mail it to me—and I’ll send you, absolutely
 free, a copy of my new book, "Everlasting
 Health and Strength.” It reveals the
 secrets that changed me from a 97-pound,
 flat-chested weakling into a husky fellow
 who won the title of “The World's Most Per-
 fectly Developed Man” against all comers! And
 it shows how I can build you into an “Atlas
 Champion" the same easy way.

    I haven’t any use for apparatus; I don’t dose
 you or doctor you. Dynamic-Tension is all I
 need. It’s the natural, tested method for de-
 veloping real men inside and out. It distributes
 added pounds of powerful muscles over your
 body, gets rid of ailments and surplus fat, and
 gives you the vitality, strength and pep that
 win you the admiration of every woman and the
 respect of any man.

NOTE:

 No other Physical
 Instructor in the
 World has ever
 DARED make such
 an offer!

   Holder of the title:
“The World's Most Per-
fectly Developed Man”—

iron in international con-
test against ALL strong
men trilling to compete
tcith him.
 Just a Tiny Mole—but it
Condemned Her lo Death I
Ftead how a wealthy merchant,
to test hi* wife’s virtue,
wrecked threq lives.

 OU LL NEVER KNOW LIFE

Until You've Read the Greatest
of All Forbidden Books!

YOU’LL never know the tremendous
force of human passion — you’ll
never understand life in the raw,
stripped of artificial conventions and
hypocrisies, until you’ve feasted on the
most thrilling Tales from that greatest
of all true-to-life books—the immortal
Decameron.

  Here in the frankest,
most revealing tales of
love and intrigue ever
written, are situations so
startling, so true to life,
that we feel they might
be happening today in-
stead of centuries ago.

Written in an age of
plain speaking, they
show us how real flesh
and blood men and wo-
men act—the deep secret
motives that influence
our actions today no less
than they did centuries
ago.

■ And now for a short time only you
can inspect these great examples of
realistic writing—the stories which you
have always longed to read—in your
own home for five days, without obliga-
tion! Read all about this amazing offer,
then send for your copy at once.

  For centuries the Decameron has
thrilled millions—has inspired countless
great authors—has been jauded by the
most discriminating critics. Rich in
fascinating plots, vibrant with all the
passions of the race, it has furnished
forth plots for the world’s greatest
masters of literature — Shakespeare,
Chaucer, Keats, Tennyson. Dryden and
Longfellow. A large volume would be

THESE GREAT WRITERS
HAVE TAKES’ PI.OTS
FROM THE DECAMERON

     Shakespeare took parts of
  The Merchant 0/ Fertile, Cym-
  Mine, All’* Well Thai End*
  Well and Romeo and Juli't
  from these stories. Leuing
  took the plot of yalhan dee
  Write, Chaucer the idea ot
  his Canterbury Tale*, Dryden.
  Keats, Longfellow and Ten*
  nyson wrote poems—nil based
  on these great tales, which
  have outlived thousands of
  manuscripts written sinco
  their day.

required to list the writers who have
copied or adapted some of the plots.
Hardly a great novel, or a poor one, ex-
ists, in which the plot is not in part or
in whole taken from the Decameron.
No one can know literature, can call
himself truly sophisticated, truly a mas-
ter of life in all its infin-
ite variety, until he has
drunk from the bottom-
less loving cup of that
genial old Italian, Gio-
vanni Boccaccio.

  Between the covers of
these Tales from the De-
cameron you will find life
itself — real, pulsating
passionate life that re-
fuses to be confined by
paralyzing restrictions—
life that refuses to fol-
low the dictates of pru-
dery. Far from being
immoral, as many nar-
row-minded people used to think these
Tales from the Decameron are in real-
ity almost a text book for the earnest
student of that greatest of all studies—
human nature.

  Boccaccio’s stories have already lived
five times as long as our United States
—over twenty-four generations. They
were the “best sellers" when gunpowder
was scarcely known — and yet today
they still delight us, still give us pleas-
ure and instruction, with their immor-
tal vitality, forever young, forever gay,
forever thrilling. If you like to read a
story of adventure, read one of these.
If you want a charming love story, read
another. If you look for tragedy, read
a third, the fourth will make you

1

  The morals and customs of Italy of the four*

teenth century are laid tafore you—the way
people lived. the howls and palaces they dweJt
in, their methods of travel—all are told with
a wit and pathos that never crept between tho
covers of any book penned by a historian.
Thus the stories not only amuse and entertain,
which after all is the first requirement of good
fiction, but they give us the history of the man-
ners and customs and morals of a long passed
age. They constitute a landmark of literature,
which must not be passed over, if you would
broaden your vision—make yourself truly cul-

SEND NO MONEY
5-DAY TRIAL

  And now we are enabled to offer you these

 great classics—thirty-five of the best stories
 from the famous Decameron—for the amazing
 ly low sum of only $1.9$. Send no money—
 just fill out and mail the coupon below. When
 the package arrives pay the postman $1.98,
 plus few cents .postage. Inspect this great
 Itook for five days, then if you are not de-
 lighted return it nnd your money will be re-
 funded. Ma:l the coupon thi* instant before
 this low price ofTer is withdrawn I

FRANKLIN PUBLISHING COMPANY
Dept. L-1010
800 N. Clark SL,	Chicago, 111.

 I Franklin Publishing Co..

 , 800 N. Clark St., Dept. L-1040
 I Chicago, III.

, Please send me a copy of The Tales

•	from the immortal Decameron Jiy' Boccac-

. cio. When package arrives 7 . will pay i
I postman only $1.98 plus few cents post*

. age. If not delighted 1 am at liberty to I

•	return the volume within five days and

! mv money will be refunded.
  Name

  Address
  Citj

Citv .............................-State -,-----

    // you may he out when the pontman I
  rails. enclose $2 with thin coupon and we.

I will pan all delivery char yea. Customers I
outside V. S. muH send cash with order. ,

She changed Places with
Her Husband's Sweetheart
—and won back his Love!