
TABLE OF CONTENTS IN THE
JUNE ISSUE

THE REIGN OF THE RAY

 liy Irving Lester and Fletcher 1’ratl

THE DIAMOND MAKER

 liy H, G. Wells

WARRIORS OF SPACE

 By James P. Marshall

THE MARBLE VIRGIN

By Kennie McDowd

THE THREAT OF THE ROBOT

 By David H. Keller, M.D.

THE MAKING OF MISTY ISLE

 By Stanton H, Coblentz

WHAT IS YOUR SCIENCE
KNOWLEDGE?

 Science Questionnaire

SCIENCE NEWS OF THE MONTH

WHAT SCIENCE FICTION MEANS
  TO ME

 Prize Contest Letters

THE READER SPEAKS

 Letters from Our Readers

SPECIAL

 SUBSCRIPTION

PRICE

8 ISSUES FOR $1.00

  Mechanics Dramatized!

Stories with a Scientific Background

Interpluiu'tarian Trip*, Space 1‘lyfrs, Talking lo Mar*. Transplanting Hrail-
■if Humans, Deatli-Kays. Gravity-Nullificr.*, Transmutation of Elements

                  The Editorial Staff of the Magazine:

Hugo Gernsback, Ediior-in-Chief

David Lasser. Literary Editor
Frank R. Paul, Art Director

ASSOCIATE SCIENCE EDITORS:

ASTRONOMY

 I’rofwiior .Samuel <J. Ilarton

Flower Observatory
University of Pennsylvania
Dr. Clyde FUlier. Ph.D.. I-I..l».

Curator, The American Museum of
Natural History

BOTANY

 Professor Flnter <i. Campbell

Transylvania College
Prof. Margaret Clay Fergu-on. Ph.D.
Wellesley College
Professor K. Owriw

 Oregon Agricultural College

ELECTRICITY
Professor F. K. Austin

Formerly of Dartmouth College
MEDICI NK
Dr. David II. Keller

Western Stale Hospital

MATHEMATICS
I’roffiwor C. Irwin Pulnier
Dean of Students
Armour Institute of
Technology
Prof. Jnmpti llyrne Shaw
I’nlverslty of Illinois
Professor Waldo A. Tltsworth. S. M.

 Alfred University
 PHYSICS AND RADIO
 Dr. I.e deForest, Ph.D., D.Sc.
 PIIVSICS

                                            Professor A. 1.. Flleli

                                           University of Maine

     100 pages, 4 color cover zoology
     and many illustrations »?||«
     by artist I-. R. PAUL	,or juv.nll. li-.-.uvH

STELLAR PUBLISHING CORP.,

Dept. A.W.7, 96-98 Park Place. NEW YORK, N. Y.

            Enclosed find $1.00 for which enter my subscription for 8 (eight) months to your monthly
magazine Science Wonder Stories.
AIR WONDER STORIES

I

A Supreme Achievement in a Model Plane!

The RED ACE

Combat
Pursuit
Ship

BOYS!

Rises from Ground—Soars 60 Feet

The development of the Red Ace Combat Pursuit Ship will be nothing short of sensational in the world of model planes.
Here's one plane that will not disappoint you—one plane that will perform like a real ship. Has wing spread 16"
with main fuselage 14"; reinforced main wing; perfectly balanced tail wing and adjustable rudder. Main wing can
be shaped to suit conditions. Has front landing gear and rear skid. The perfectly carved 7" wood propeller i« a par-
ticularly fine feature. Has ball bearings on propeller shaft; 6 ply motor of newly developed extra strong para rubber.
This is not a construction set, but a completely assombled plane. Simply fasten wings and launch.

Will Outperform Planes Costing 5 Times More

The Red Ace will rise from ground under its_own power. Will climb easily to 60 feet. Will soar over rooftops and

                                                  Look at These Great Features

buildings. Then glide perfectly to earth. This large-sued,
carefully made plane will outperform many planes costing 5

times more. It is guaranteed to fly. It is guaranteed to rise
from the ground under own power. This plane will please
any boy immensely. A perfect marvel of simplicity and
powerful performance. Whether you now own a model
plane or not, whether you own 50 model planes, you will
want the Red Ace. It will be the prize ship in your hangar.
Don't let a day slip by until you order this plane.

You May Have It FREE!

The Open Road for Boys Magazine has 50 pages every
month crammed with thrilling, breath-taking stories that will
hold you spellbound. Just the kind of stories you've been
looking for. Interesting, tense stories of high adventure on
land and sea and in the air. Tales of deep mystery. Air-
plane stories, the best published. Sport stories, stories of
school life. Marvelous departments and spccial instructive
articles. Lots about model planes.
The Open Road for Boys is the fast-
est-growing boys' magazine in Amer-
i ica. You'll think it is great! Regular
^subscription price $1 a year. Rush U£
your subscription today on cou-
pon below and we will give you
free the Red Ace Combat Pur-
suit Ship. But you must act at
once.

                    Hurry Your
                       Order
                       TODAY

Front landing

   ALL for only $1,00

 The Red Ace is a plane so carefully thought out, so
 cleverly constructed that it will enable you to compete
 with other boys with the most expensive planes, and win!
 This plane is a remarkable performer—a plane that you
 will be proud to own.

      This Is a Great Bargain

Pilot Carolan, Open Road for Boys,

130 Newbury St., Boston, Mass.

Friend:

Bel your life! I will grab tho big offer. Here1!
down for a year’a subscription to The
the Red Ace Combat Pursuit Ship.

Ham c .............................

Street ............................

Town or City.....................

Swe .............................

Canadian postage
extra.
Foreign $1 extra.

50c

 my dollar. Put me
 Open Road for Boys and rush me
Volume T_No. 1'	Editorial and General Office-*, 96-98 Park Place, New York' City	July '1929

                                                      Published by
            STELLAR PUBLISHING CORPORATION
            H. GERNSBACK, Pre«.	I. S. MANHEIMER, Sec’y	S. GERNSBACK, Trea«.

               NEXT MONTH

I	THE ROBOT MASTER, by O. Beckwith. When man gets

H	drunk with the knowledge of his power, the lust to exercise it
      unwisely often becomes an obsession with him. If, in addition

jjjjjj	he is a great inventor of immense robot flying machines, the

jjj	world may well tremble. This story is full of suspense, excite-

jjg	ment and contains a mad dream that was greater than anything

jjjj	Napoleon ever dreamed. Don’t miss it.

BEYOND GRAVITY, by Edward Earl Repp. Here is a

■	science fiction aviation story, par excellence. In many ways it

Bj	is remarkable—for the situations the characters find themselves

ggl	in and the ingenuity which is used to save them. Aviation a

jjj	hundred years hence is dealt with in this romance of the air,

53	which for sheer daring of construction, alone, deserves special

fgj	mention.

§|	THE ARK OF THE COVENANT, by Victor MacClure. In

jj|	the second installment of this classic of air stories, the author

Bp	shows us the power that a new invention can possibly exert

jjjj	upon humanity if the inventor chooses to exert his will. But

Hj	there are inventors who invent for the good of humanity and

‘	others who only seek destruction. In the present installment,

jgj	you will quickly find out which is pictured here.

THE PLANET AIR RULER, by Edward- E. Chappelow.

jjH	Here is a most exciting and interesting air story. This well-

jjgj	known author has a knack of giving us science and adventure

jjjj	in large doses, and at the same time, he knows how to keep up

JU	the excitement from page to page. Once you have read a

SB	single page of this excellent story, we feel sure that you will

gjg	not be able to lay down the book until you have finished it.

, AND OTHERS

Scates and Canada. European agents: Brentano's. London and Paris. Printed
in U. S. A

IF YOU WISH TO SUBSCRIBE to AIR WONDER STORIES, make out
all remittance* to thr Stellar Publishing Corp., 96*98 Park Place, New York
City. Be sure to mention the name of mag,nine you wish to subscribe for, .is
we are also agents for the following magazines: RADIO-CRAFT and SCIENCE
WONDER STORIES, subscription price of winch is the fame as AIR
WONDER STORIES. Subscriptions on be made in combination with the
above publication*, ae a rcduccd club rate. Ask for information. Subscrip-
tions start with current issue. WHEN YOUR SUBSCRIPTION EXPIRES,
we enclose a renewal blank in the last number. No subscriptions continued
unless renewal remittance received.

Change of Address. Always give us old as well as new address and notify
us as far in advance a? possible.

          STELLAR PUBLISHING CORPORATION

Editorial, General Offices and Advertising Department. 96-98 Paik Place, New York City

AIR WONDER STORIES is published on the 10th of the preceding month.
12 numbers per year, subscription price is $2.SO a year in United States and its
possessions. In Canada and foreign countries. $3.00 a year. Single copies 25c.
Address all contributions to Editor. AIR WONDER STORIES. 96-98 Park
Place, New York. Publishers are not responsible for lost Mss. Contributions
cannot be returned unless authors remit full postage.

AIR WONDER STORIES—Monthly—application for second class matter in
the Postolfice of Mt. Morris. 111., under the act of March J. 1879, pending.
Title registered U. S. Patent Office. Trademarks and copyrights by permission of
Gcmnb3ck Publications. Inc.. 98 Park Place, New York City. Owner of all
trademark rights. Copyright 1929, by G. P., Inc. Text and illustration* of
this magaxinc are copyright and must not be reproduced without permission of
the copyright owners.

AIR WONDER STORIES is for sale at principal newsstands in the United

Table of Contents

July

THE ARK OF THE COVENANT

 (A Story in Four Parts) (Part I)

By Victor MacClure .................. 6

ISLANDS IN THE AIR

By Lowell Howard Morrow............ 32

THE BEACON OF AIRPORT SEVEN

By Harold S. Sykes ..................42

THE BLOODLESS WAR

By David H. Keller, M.D..............52

MEN WITH WINGS

By Leslie Stone ......................58

WHAT IS YOUR AVIATION
  KNOWLEDGE?

Aviation Questionnaire ................89

AVIATION NEWS OF THE MONTH

90

THE READER AIRS HIS VIEWS

Letters from Readers..................94

On the Cover

this month is illustrated the story “ISLANDS
IN THE AIR," by Lowell H. Morrow. Our
own artist, F. R. Paul, has clevcrlv portrayed in
his inimitable style what one of these future
aerial islands will look like. You may be certain
that science will conquer gravitation sooner or
later, and when that moment comes, you may
rest assured that we will have islands like these,
floating freely, suspended above our cities and
important aerial crossings. They will be used
not only for the regulation of air traffic, but for
making emergency stops and to allow passengers
to change from local to express lines without
ever descending to the surface of the earth.
AIR WONDER STORIES

3

At the request of the United
Stales Government, S. of E.
Students Made the Acccptanco
Test of this Huge Electrical
Generating Unit, consisting of
4,000 H.P. Nordberg Diesel
Engine iirect connected to 3125
K.W., 2300 Volt Allis Chalmers
Generator built for the Panama
Canal.

 Big Milwaukee
 electrical coucerns join
 hands with the School of
 Engineering to meet the stupendous
 demand for trained men.

Men of Action

WANTED FOR

Commerical Electrical Engineering

 HpAKES you out of the class
 of the common laborer of
 which there is always an over
 plentiful supply at cheap rates
 of pay. Makes you a Grad-
 uate Electrician, Junior Electri-
 cal Engineer, or Commercial
 Electrical Engineer in 12 short
 months. Puts you in line for a
 job where big manufacturers are
 actually pleading for trained men
 and glad to pay Big Salaries
 ranging from $2,000 to $10,000
 a year. Not a dream—A DEAD
 SURE FACT! For 24 years
 we have trained men for the
 electrical profession and Our
 Graduates Have Succeeded in
 All Parts of the World. Our 12
 months intensive training is the
 boiled down essence of what We
 Know fits men for big paying
 positions. It is work you'll love.
 No limit to advancement. Prac-
 tical engineers teach you. They
 know What to teach and How
 to teach it, so you can earn

 CCHO}L°f ENGINEERING!

of Mulwaukee

£ .Found'd ISOS 7 4.W.S.-7S9 Milw.uk.., Wto.

 money with it. Hundreds of
 thousands of dollars worth of
 actual commercial machinery to
 work on in this school.

 Uncle Sam Asks S. of E. OK!

    Think of the opportunity to test
 plants such as this. The Nordberg
 Manufacturing Company is only one
 of many large concerns that is co-
 operating with School of Engineering
 students. This type of practical work,
 while in school, insures your future
 when you graduate. That’s why our
 men are always in demand and al-
 ways command big salaries. You can
 be one of these men if you ACT!

Earn While You Learn

    By our special system you may
 earn part of your way while learning.
 Our Employment Department will
 help you secure a position to which
 you may devote a part of each day,
 spending the remainder at the school.
 This plan both solves the students’
 financial problems and provides splen-
 did experience at the same time. Low
 tuition fee. Board and room reason-
 able. Daily Broadcasting WISN
 (formerly WSOE). School Orches-
 tra. Fraternities.

Write for FREE Catalog
_ Write today for our free, illus-
trated catalog. Read about this won-

derful institution and the great oppor-
tunities that lie before you. Find out
about our specialised method of train-
ing and the details of our “Earn
While You Learn" plan.

Refrigeration
Radio and
Electrical

Learn in
three months
— just 90
days and you
can be one of
the new
g r o u p of.
trained men
who will;
guide and
develop the
newest and
best paying

 of America’s gigantic industries. Radio' ana EleB*
 trie Refrigeration are tremendous money makers
 for the trained man who gets intQ the game wlfr
 Experts are needed for big, responsible, well-
 paying jobs. We train you quick and help place
 you in a good position. ACT NOW!

   FALL TERM OPENS NOW

School of KnglneerlnB of Milwaukee
Dept. A.W.8.-729, Milwaukee, Win.

     Without obligating me in any way please mail
 free I'koto Story book. “Rife to Success Through
 Electricity" (just off the press), and NEW Bulle*
 tin regarding tho course I have marked with

 [] Commercial E 1 e c.
 Eng. for High School
 Grad., 1 year
 [] Commercial E I e c.
 Eng. others 1 to 2
 years.

 [] Elcc. Eng.. B.S. De-
 cree, 3 years
 H Automotive Elec.

 ] Elec. Refrigeration
 ) Radio

 | Armature Winding
 J Light. Heat & Power
 I Practical Electricity
 } Home Lab. Service

     am interested in your Earn While You Learn
     Plan.

Name ...
Address .
City ....

 Education

                                  •	Age.

 .State.
4

AIR WONDER STORIEb

The Best That’s In Radio

•''RADIO - CRAFT —S.

the latest and most up-
to-date Radio maga-
zine. Edited only for
the set • builder, the
radio-constructor, the
experimenter and the
radio enthusiast who
believes in radio
craftsmanship.
Published every
month. Large size 9 x
12 in. Cover in full 4

colors.

REGULAR SUBSCRIPTION
RATES

$2.50 in U. S. 25c. a copy;
$3.00 in Canada and foreign.

Special

Charter

Subscription

Price:

8 Issues for
$1.00

             Contents of RADIO-CRAFT

 The Newest Hookups; the latest things in Radio;
every new article and apparatus brought out; radio con-
struction galore; service man’s data; short wave dope by
the ream; a real big section on questions and answers;
blue print articles in profusion—in short you’ll get a “He-
man” radio dope sheet that’s chock full of the very stuff
you want, in language that's your own.

TECHNI-CRAFT PUBLISHING CORPORATION

S. 7-29, 98 Park Place
New York, N. Y.

^ T^,Snc*ose<1 ^n<*	f°r which enter my subscription to your new monthly magazine,

RADIO-CRAFT for 8 (eight) morfths. Please mail all copies to address below:

Name......

Address-

City and State.
                The Future of Aviation Springs from the Imagination

                                Huco Gernsback, Editor-in-Chief
        DAVID LASSER, Literary Editor	FRANK R. PAUL, Art Director

                                               Associate Aviation Editors

PROFESSOR FELIX W. PAWLOWSKI, M. & E.E., M.S. PROFESSOR EARL D. HAY, B.S., M.S., M.E.
University of Michigan University of Kansas
PROFESSOR GEORGE J. HIGGINS MAJOR WILLIAM A. BEVAN, Air Corps Reserve
_University of Detroit_Associate Professor Aeronautical Engineering, Purdue University

                       Editorial, Advertising and General Offices, 96-98 Park Place, New York, N. Y.

  “AIR WONDER STORIES”

                      By HUGO GERNSBACK

j|VIATION is no longer a new thought in litera-
ture. Over a dozen such magazines testify to this.
But practically all of these magazines are of the
purely "Wild West"—world war—adventure—
sky busting type.

I AIR WONDER STORIES imitates no other
magazine in print, rather it pioneers into new and higher realms,
yet at the some time into a 6eld that is increasing in popularity
every year.

  Briefly, AIR WONDER STORIES wid present SOLELY fly-
ing stories of the future, strictly along scientific—mechanical—
technical lines, full of adventure, exploration and achievement.

  Years ago, Edgar Allen Poe wrote his immortal "Unparalleled
Adventure of One Hans Pfaal," as well as "The Balloon Hoax."
Later, the illustrious Jules Verne gave the world his "Five Weeks
in a Balloon." Still later, H. G. Wells startled us with his in-
comparable 'The War in the Air." All of these famous stories,
it should be noted, fall in the class of scientific fiction; they are all
dramatized mechanics of the air.

  Thirty years ago, a famous man of science and a great mathe-
matician proved mathematically, that an airplane—a heavier
than air machine—was a scientific impossibility. Yet airplanes
flew before he died. Where will aviation be 30 years hence?
In 100 years? In 1000 years? AIR WONDER STORIES
gives that answer in an unmistakable manner. The reason is
that the authors who contribute to this magazine are all trained
in science and mechanics. They are the prophets who will
mirror the future of aviation better than the best aeronautical
authority.

  Engineers and pure scientists are too bound by conventions
and far too practical and cautious to look far into the future.
They do not as a rule risk their reputations by making "in-
spired guesses." Your science fiction author knows no such
restraints. Take Jules Verne for example. His "Five Week*
in a Balloon," though deemed impossible at the time it was
written, has long ago become an actuality, yet he was bitterly
denounced and ridiculed when he first published it. When we
read it today, it sounds hopelessly tame. Yet only 66 years
intervened since he wrote it; which again proves that today'*
scientific "pipe dreams" are tomorrow's actualities.

  AIR WONDER STORIES, then, enters into this new land of
fiction, convinced of the tremendous possibilities of future
aviation.

  Having been closely identified, as a publisher, with scientific
publications of a popular nature for over 25 years, 1 may be
pardoned in believing that I will succeed in making this new
magazine the greatest and most popular air fiction magazine in
its field.

  As creator and editor of such pioneer publications such as
"MODERN ELECTRICS." "THE ELECTRICAL EXPERI-
MENTER," "SCIENCE V INVENTION," "RADIO NEWS."
"AMAZING STORIES," "AERO MECHANICS," "SCIENCE
WONDER STORIES," "RADIO-CRAFT" and others, I be-
lieve I am qualified to do the new magazine full justice.

  I am most happy to announce that I have secured the full
and enthusiastic co-operation of a number of well-known and
outstanding science fiction authors, who have agreed to write
for the new magazine.

  And I am particularly proud and happy to pre»ent to the
readers of AIR WONDER STORIES the very distinguished
aeronautical educators who compose the science-aeronautical
talent of our editorial board.

  As associate editors, these well-known Professors of a num-
ber of leading universities and institutions, will carefully scrut-
inize all manuscripts in AIR WONDER STORIES before they
arc printed, with the object to prevent gross scientific-aviation
misinformation from reaching our readers.

  For while no man can predict how far aviation will actually
advance in the next 100 or 500 years, still the limitations of
nature's laws will prevail, then as now. So while an author may
have a poetic license in letting his imagination soar skyward, he
should keep away from pseudo-science and pseudo-aviation.
And he should not picture the impossible as far as scientific
principles and laws are concerned.

  Our editorial board, then, is a guarantee to our readers that
the scientifically impossible will not be published in AIR
WONDER STORIES, but that, on the contrary, the educational
motif will always be uppermost in our minds. We must instruct
while we entertain.

  For the future of aviation jpringj from the imagination! And
by translating the product of imagination into actuality, the
evolution of aviation will be hastened.

  And further as an innovation for a magazine of this kind is
the department entitled "Aviation Hews of the Month." This
gives a complete resume of the month's advances in aviation.
Over 40 magazines and other sources are consulted in the com-
pilation of this department. It gives a real educational digest
not obtainable otherwise in a single publication. New aviation
inventions, patents, new air-fields, improvements of airplanes and
airships, etc., are discussed intelligently every month.

  From the hundreds of enthusiastic letters that come pouring
in, I know AIR WONDER STORIES will be one of the most
discussed magazines in America. Science Fiction as it will be
published in AIR WONDER STORIES already is a tremendou*
force in America. Everyone talks about aviation and *cience.
This type of story is constantly discussed in the da»iroom by
educators. Teachers encourage the reading of this fiction because
they know that it gives the pupil a fundamental knowledge of
science and aviation. Likewise parents insist that their children
read this type of fiction in preference to the debasing and mu-
chief-creating sex and crime stories.

  I therefore dedicate this new magazine to the air-minded, to
the progressive air enthusiasts not only of this country, but of the
entire civilized world, who are not afraid to peer ahead into the
unknown.

  I am particularly addressing myself to that vast army of young
and red-blooded men and women who believe that aviation will
change the face of this earth—who believe that the future of
our country lies in the air—and finally those who believe and
know that it is first, last and always the great and tremendous
force of IMAGINATION that is the Key to the future progrew
of Aviation.

  With such readers AIR WONDER STORIES can and will

accomplish wonders.
 DVictor MACCLURi

   We landed with a grinding shudder, then keeled over sideways as if we’d never right. I had
quite made up my mind we were going to crash over on our back to the sea below.

6
CHAPTER ONE

The Coming of the Mystery

                  was laid on my shoulder. I woke
                  y father stood by my bedside,
                  at in his look which drove sleepi-
                  t of me and brought me quickly
                  him.

                   atter, dad?”

   “The bank, son,” he said, quietly—“the bank has
 been robbed. How soon do you think you could
 land me at the Battery?”

   It was all I could do to refrain from spluttering
 out a string of questions. Had it not been for the
 grimness of the old man’s expression, I should have
 thought then that he was walking in his sleep. But
 there was no mistaking that he was clean awake
 and in deadly earnest.

   What I did was to put a hand under the pillow
 for my watch. I said nothing. I was not going to be
 beaten in coolness by my own father, but I did
 some quick thinking. My roadster was in the
 garage, so the five miles between the house and
 my hangar on the beach was a small detail. I had
 to decide at once if I should risk taking the old
 man across Long Island on the only machine I had
 ready for the air that chilly morning. This was
 an ancient seaplane, built in 1928, and now held to-
 gether by pieces of string and tin tacks. In a series
 of experiments on stability I had pared her wing
 area down to the absolute minimum, and she asked
 for a deal of handling.

   As I reached for my watch, I kept my eyes on
 my father’s face. It was as placidly grim as could
 be, but I saw that he was betting on me to get
 him over to his old bank in quick time. So, almost
 before I had seen on my watch that the time was
 half past six, I had decided to risk his neck and
 mine on the ancient bus. '

   “Get the hangar on the phone, dad,” I told him.
 “Ask Milliken to warm up the Sieve right away,
 and have her run out in
 less than ten minutes.

 Then put on some thick
 clothing, while I get
 into overalls and pull
 out the roadster. You’ll
 find me outside. I’ll
 have you at the Bat-
 tery inside forty mi-
 nutes.”

  The old man took
 his orders like a soldier.

   “The Sieve," he re-
 peated. “Right!”

   Off he went, while I
 got into my flying kit.

 I went down to the
 the garage, and had the
 car out on the drive
 with her engine turn-
 ing over prettily before
 he joined me again.

                                  "Good man, that
                                mechanic of yours,
                                son,” he grunted
                                in approval;
                                “doesn’t waste
                                time in talk—”

                                  Once out on the
 turnpike, I let the
 car out full and
 we were alongside
 the hangar well
 inside of ten mi-
 nutes. Milliken al-
 ready had the old
 seaplane i n the
 water, and when
 I saw anew how
 stubby her wings
 were, I had to
 stifle my misgiv-
 ings all over again. She looked terribly inadequate
 to carry the only father I have. But before I had
 time to express my qualms, even if I had wanted
 to, the old man was out of the car and down on
 the jetty. With a nod to Milliken, he climbed into
 the cockpit, and there was nothing to do but follow
 him.

   Milliken swung the propeller to contact, and I
 knew at once that, however patchy the structure
 of the Sieve might be, her heart was as sound as
 ever. The note of her engine was good to hear.
 When I felt the strain was right, I dropped the
 signal to the mechanic. Milliken released the patent
 mooring, and we shot out to sea with a muttered
 “fluff-flufter-fluff!” from the floats, as of big pebbles
 skimmed over the water. Then I pulled the stick,
 and the old bus took to the air like a bird. I let
 her climb east just far enough for the turn, then
 swung her into a dead course for the New York
 Battery, a hundred and thirty kilometres away.

   It was the first time my father had flown with
 me, though I must say he had always shown an

                               interest in my aeronaut-
                               ical research work and,
                               before the sale of a few
                               patents of mine had
                               made me independent
                               of him, had always
                               been ready to dip his
                               hands deep in his pock-
                               ets to help me. In the
                               years since the Euro-
                               pean War, where I
                               suppose as a cub flyer
                               I got the flying germ
                               into my blood, iny
                               father had never tried
                               me out as a pilot, and
                               I had often wondered
                               what opinion he had
                               of me. But as I thought,
                               that gray March morn-
                               ing, of the certainty
                               with which he had de-

      HAND
      up. M
      with thi

_ness ou

 to my feet beside
 '‘What’s the m<

 y T_T ERE is, perhaps, the greatest air story that has V
    1J. yet been written. The editor, who has per-
    serially read, as near as is humanly possible, every
    important air story of a scientific nature, has still
    to find a single one that excels “The Ar\ of the
    Covenant."

       Here is a real story of the air that bristles with ad-
    venture, good science, tremendous suspense, and ex-
    cellent construction. The author is always a step
    ahead of you and you are never permitted to guess
    in advance just what is in store for you. There is
    nothing contained in this story that could not come
    true at the present or the near future. It is one of
    these stories that grows upon you as time goes on,
    a story that you will wish to recommend to your
    friends for a long time to come.

      As extraordinary as the story is. the author him-
    self—who by the way is Scotch—comes pretty near
    matching it.

     He was wounded in 1915 during the World War
   in Gallipoli by a bullet which lodged near his heart,
   and, strange to say, it remains there to this day,
   without in the least interfering with the author's /
   literary career.

VICTOR MACCLDEE

1
8

AIR WONDER STORIES

pended on my help and of the way he had gone
about the business, I couldn’t help 'growing chesty
as I realized how clearly he took my skill for
granted.

  As soon as we were properly set on our course,
I took a look back at the old fellow. He was
sitting humped up in the passenger’s seat, with only
his eyes and the tip of his nose showing through his
voluminous wraps. A grim calm was eloquent even
in those features. He caught my eye when I looked
back at him, and he nodded serenely. I don’t know
how it was, but it dawned on me just then that I
had a large-sized affection for my sometimes iras-
cible sire, and I turned my attention to getting all
I could out of the old bus for him. We flattened out
to a nifty two hundred and fifty kilometres the
hour.

  I hadn’t wasted any of the old man’s time by
asking him questions, but I’ll confess that the rob-
bery of the bank had roused in me a lively curiosity.
The roar of the unsilenced engine put all con-
versation clean out of possibility, and I' did not want
to have him unwrap in that cold rush of air to
put on the headpiece of the phone. So I had to
keep mumchance and speculate about the affair.

  There was enough material for speculation. The
premises of the National Metallurgical, of which my
father was president, were generally believed to be
absolutely burglar-proof. The building on Broad-
way was comparatively new. Its safes and strong-
rooms were supposed to be the last word in ap-
pliances for the thwarting of cracksmen, and the
president was immensely proud of them. Altogether,
I came to the conclusion that this sudden flight
towards the Battery and Wall Street was the result
of some swindle by a forger or by a dishonest
official, rather than of burglary. I knew it must have
been something big to put the old man in such a
hurry, but I was far from realizing then, with the
old Sieve flattened out and roaring above the
misty trees of Long Island, j-ust how big a thing
I was headed for. My father has since admitted that
at the time his conception, too, of what the future
held, came little nearer the truth than my own.

  I must explain at this point in my story that what
I write iii the following pages can only be a per-
sonal version of a bewildering run of events that
have since become history. I had the luck to be close
to many of these happenings from the start—as the
world saw it—and also to be in at the death. This
must be my excuse, if any is needed, for trying to
put together a connected story of what befell in a
quick-moving and epoch-making period of six
months. Nobody will deny that for this space the
world was badly scared, and, now that the terror is
past, and everybody breathes freely again, I can do
no harm by telling what I know.

  I may even do a little good. The flight with my
father that chilly Monday morning in March was
the beginning of my participation in a conflict that
for clash of intellect, mystery, romance, and far-
reaching consequences has made the World War of
1914-18 look by comparison like a rough-and-tumble
in a back street.

  As we droned along above the island, I had little
but my thoughts to occupy me. The seaplane was
behaving splendidly, and I had none of the trouble
I had expected with her, if I leave out a little

manoeuvering that came when we hit a pocket in
the air. In about twenty-five minutes the Wool-
worth Building loomed up on the horizon, dead
ahead, and I swung a point or two south, so that its
shape fell on the starboard bow. Next minute I
had circled and was dropping northerly into the
upper New York Bay, with Battery Park in front.
Under forty minutes after my father had wakened
me I was landing with him at the seaplane jetty
west of the park.

  There was quite a fleet of planes round the
landing-stage, mostly the bronze-painted machines
of the water division of the Air Police; speedy,
sinister things they were, but trim enough to make
my old boat look more like her nickname than ever.
I had never seen so many police machines to-
gether at the Battery landing stage before, but I
imagined they were there merely upon their lawful
occasions.

  The pierman, an old friend of mine called
O’Grady, gave me my mooring ticket and would
have held me inconveniently in gossip, but I shook
him off and legged it up Battery Place in pursuit
of my father, whose impatience forbade him to wait
for me. It was lucky I overtook him, because a
cordon of police had been drawn around the Wall
Street area, east and west from Trinity Place to
Pearl Street, and, I presently discovered, north and
south from Beaver Street to Liberty Street. The
police saluted the old man and would have stopped
me, but he snapped one word at them, whereupon
they stepped back and let me pass. The presence
of so many policemen at such a distance from the
bank made me begin to think that the robbery was
something of an affair.

A Startling Tale

E went right up Broadway, my father and I.
As I walked behind him, I realized again his
great bulk and, tall as I am, I felt for all the world
like some faithful but skinny pup tagging at his
heels. All about me were clusters of foot police
round the doors of various buildings. I wanted to
stop and find out what they were doing on guard
so far away—as I thought—from the scene of the
robbery, the National Metallurgical being up Broad-
way at the corner of Liberty Street, but I hung
close to my father in case I were challenged. We
arrived at the door of the bank.

  The squad of policemen who were strung across
the doorway made an opening for the president and
myself, and I followed him right into his room.
We were immediately joined by Jaxon, officer in
charge of the armed guard which was mounted
every night in the bank. Poor Jaxon looked like
a man who had just come out of a bout of fever.
He was in a daze.

  “Well?” the old man snapped.

  Jaxon simply lifted his arms and let them drop
in a gesture pitiful in its expression of helpless-
ness—especially pitiful since the man normally was
alert as a terrier and sharp as a needle.

  “I don’t know what to say, Mr. Boon,” he gulped.
“I just can't understand it.”

  A quick look at the man made my father sudden-
ly grow kind.

  ‘"Sit down, Jaxon,” he said. “Let’s get to the
bottom of this. When and how did you first realize
that the bank had been robbed?”
THE ARK OF THE COVENANT

9

  "About five o’clock, Mr. Boon. I—I—woke up—”
“You woke up! Do you mean to tell me you had
been asleep?”

  “I wish I could say—I musta been doped—me and

all the other five guards-”

  “What! All six of you doped?”

  "All of us, Mr. Boon,” Jaxon said, sullenly. “And
what's more—it looks like everybody in the district

has been doped-”

  “Rubbish!” the old man barked. “Talk sense,
if you can, Jaxon. Who could dope a whole dis-
trict?”

  “I wish I knew—and I ain talking sense, Mr.
Boon. As far as I can make out, everybody be-
tween here and Battery Park was asleep between
three and five this morning. Yes—and what’s more
—this is not the only bank that’s been robbed. The
Sub-Treasury, the Guaranty Trust, the Trade
Bank, and the Dyers’ National—they’ve all been en-
tered. All the lot of them-”

  Jaxon slumped forward in his chair. The old
man shot a look at me and signalled to know if I
thought the guard was mad. I shook my head.
Way back there on the Argonne I had seen infan-
trymen get into the same sort of daze after a punish-
ing fight. Jaxon had all the symptoms. He was
sane enough, but a beaten and bewildered man.

  Just then a detective came in, a headquarters
man, and with him was the bank’s own investigator.
They both confirmed what Jaxon had said about the
other banks, and both the detectives were as
bewildered as poor Jaxon. They could make neither
head nor tail of the affair, and when they had both
finished, the man from Headquarters could only sit
and shake his head, letting out staccato laughs and
curses.

  I was beginning to imagine I was still in bed and
dreaming it all, and I could see that the old man,
for all his poker face, was getting the same feeling.
He got up quickly from his chair and started off to
look round the building.

  It was plain that entrance had been made into
the bank through one of the windows next to the
main door. A section big enough to pass a full-size
man had been lifted clean out of it, and the steel
astragals round the panes had been cut through as
if they had been strips of cheese. I did not need
the detectives to tell me that the cutting had been
done by powerful oxyacetylene. I could see that
plainly enough when I examined the edges of the
removed section, which had been neatly set against
the wall on the sidewalk.

  Jaxon led the way to the door of the great vault.
When the president saw what had been done to this
elaborate piece of mechanism he grunted as if some-
body had hit him.

  There was a neat aperture cut in the central panel
of the door, sufficient to let anyone step into the
vault without trouble. The flame had sheared right
through the machinery of the complicated locks,
and there had been no attempt to find the easiest
line. The hand that had done the work had simply
cut out a chunk from the door, four square, and
had not turned aside even for the gun-metal wheel
handle. This had a segment shorn clean from it,
and the severed fragment was lying on the floor.
It was mighty good work even for oxyacetylene.

  Without a w'ord of comment, my father stepped
into the vault by the opening, and I followed him.
The compartments inside had all been broken open,
and the floor of the vault was littered with bonds
and securities that seemed to me to be worth stacks
of money. I saw a pained expression creep into the
old man’s face, and I permitted myself the first
question that morning.

  “Bad?” I whispered.

  “Bad!” he repeated soberly. “Lord, son—there
will be a lot to do before we get over the badness
of it!”

  I always had thought my father would make a
game loser, but the way he took the disaster filled
me with admiration for his self-control. I couldn’t
say much to him then, for he is not the man you
can readily offer sympathy to in words. I just
sort of put my hand under his arm and gave it a bit
of a squeeze, and I remember how it flashed on
me that his biceps would have been a credit to a
good heavyweight. The old man had a chunky
brown face that had the appearance of having been
modelled by a vigorous thumb, and had it not been
for his thatch of silky white hair he would have
looked, at the moment in the vault, for all the world
like a bronze statue in a business suit. His fighting
chin went up, and he gave me a short nod.

  “It will take me some time to estimate the
damage, Jimmy,” he said. “Just take a look round
the district, will you, and bring back as accurate a
report as you can of what has really happened.
These fellows are too rattled to please me.”

  “Right,” said I, and left him there.

A Little Investigation

HTHE first thing I did w'hen I stepped from the
J*- vault was to get Jaxon into a corner and ask
him about the doping idea. I shot questions at him,
but got little out of him beyond the fact that from
three till five o'clock he had been oblivious of every-
thing. He had waked about five to find himself
sitting on the floor of the reception hall with his
back to one of the partitions. He had no memory
of falling asleep, nor of sitting down. It had been
as if those two hours had been cut clean out of his
life.

  The other guards told much the same story. The
lack of detail in their accounts was maddening, and
for a minute or two I began to consider the whole
thing a frame-up. But, beside the consideration—
if the report of the whole district being doped were
true—that the frame-up was unparalleled in the
history of crime, the guards were all too sincerely
bewildered to be lying. I could see that they were
not acting a part, and that poor Jaxon, in par-
ticular, thought himself disgraced forever. He was
heartbroken.

  Jaxon had been with the bank for a quarter of
a century, and his reputation for honesty and loyal-
ty was unimpeachable. More than once his faith-
fulness had saved the bank from loss, and indeed
there had been one occasion when he had been
wounded by safe-breakers before he shot two of
them in defense of his charge. The bank had

Cresented him with a fine big gold watch, of which
e was tremendously proud. He believed it kept
better time than any clock in the State Observa-
tory.
10

AIR WONDER STORIES

  I mention Jaxon’s watch because through it I dis-
covered a curious thing. I was setting out to do
the round of the district, when I found that I had
left my own watch behind me. I looked at the
clock in the main hall, and it seemed to me to be
slow.

  ‘‘Is that clock on time, Jaxon?” I asked.

  "Ought to be,” he replied. “I checked it with my

own watch last night. Let's see-” And he took

his famous time-piece from his pocket. He pulled off
the chamois cover in which he always carried it.

  “Well, I’m dodblasted!” he exclaimed, as he
looked at the half-hunter face. “What in hell’s
happened to my watch?”

  The gold case was tarnished to a dull brown-
green. From the look of it, one would have judged
the watch to be a brass one that had lain for days
on a sea-beach. Jaxon was bewildered, but I’ll admit
that my astonishment—if I did not show it—was
even greater. From some little training in chemistry
I could think of no reagent, even in the most up-
to-date laboratory, that had such an effect on gold.
The incident set me thinking, and before I had got
into the street I had discovered that the gold leaf,
so plentifully used in the interior decoration of the
bank premises, had tarnished much in the same way.
I said nothing about this additional discovery to
Jaxon. I kept the fact to myself, and left him
looking round for polishing material.

  As it chanced, the first person I met on Broad-
way was Dick Schuyler, who had been in the same
flying squadron as myself during the European
War. He was, and is still, a commander in the sea
division of the Air Police, so I grabbed him to act
as safe-conduct for me round Wall Street.

  “What do you make of it, Jimmy?” he demanded
straight off. “A scientific feller like you should
have a theory.”

  “I don’t know a thing about it yet,” said I. “You
cops should have more information than I have. Is
it right that these other banks have been robbed ?”

  “The Subtreasury, the Trade, Dyers’ National,
and the Guaranty,” he said, making most of the
mouthful. “There’s a report, too, that the Post
Office has been visited as well.” The extent of the
affair was beginning to impress me. Dick Schuyler
has a cheery, careless manner, but he is not given
to speaking without the book, and this confirmation
brought me to a realization of what the morning’s
outrage involved.

  “But what were the police doing all the time?”
I demanded.

  “Sleeping, as far as I can make out,” he said
dryly.

  The details of the affair, as Dick told me them,
were incredible. The first intimation that anything
was wrong in the Wall Street district came when a
policeman recovered consciousness to find himself
lying on the sidewalk. He thought he had fainted
or suddenly dropped into sleep, and in either case
was afraid of losing his job. for they want neither
sluggards nor heart cases on the force. He got to
his feet, glad that he had not been discovered by his
patrol, and he began to hurry along his beat. He
had not gone far when he fell over the feet of some-
body who was sprawled across the steps in a door-
way, and he stooped over to investigate. He found
it was his own inspector, and he had no sooner laid

hands on him than the sleeper awoke. Dick did
not go into details of what the cop said to the
inspector, or vice versa, but it must have been
mighty interesting. Anyhow, the pair joined forces
and set off round the district.

Green Gold

THEY were half-dazed, the two of them, and to
their badly working intelligences it seemed as
if they had suddenly found themselves in a city of
the dead. All along the sidewalks and in doorways,
even in the middle of the streets, sleeping men
were lying at intervals. Dick Schuyler wanted to
bet me that there never had been as bewildered a
pair of men in the history of the world as those
two cops, but I would not take him.

  It is difficult to bring things together in their
right sequence. What I gather from the many
accounts I got that morning is that suddenly the
police headquarters became noisy with repeated
telephone calls, as bank after bank reported it had
been robbed. Squads of police were rushed into the
area at once, but when they arrived the thing was
over and the thieves had got clean away. I re-
member wondering what would have happened
under the old system of direct alarms to police
headquarters. But this system, of course, had been
largely discarded after the scandal of 1930, when
the police were proved to have been in collusion
with the crooks who effected the big robbery of the
Dyers’ National. It would have been interesting to
see what would have happened to the police if they
had been rushed into the district during the unac-
countable two hours.

  The other four banks were in a like case to the
National Metallurgical. For two hours in the
morning the guards and watchmen had been asleep
and could tell nothing. Something in the nature of
oxyacetylene had been used to effect entrance to
all the buildings concerned, and their strong-rooms
had been cut open by the same means. The thieves
had got away with an enormous haul while the
district was fast aleep.

  I got much of this information from Dick
Schuyler as we were walking along, and I had the
chance to confirm a lot of it first-hand. The
neighbourhood now was filling rapidly, and auto-
mobiles and motorcycles were beginning to be
frequent in the street. New'spaper men were every-
where, eagerly searching for information, but,
beyond the one central inexplicable fact of the mys-
terious two hours, found little data for their write-,
ups. One excited little reporter rushed up to Dick
and myself, and danced round us, waving a note-
book.

  "Say!” he yelled. “What do you know about
this, eh? Were you eye-witnesses?”

  “As far as I can see,” Dick told him, “eye-wit-
nesses are just what there aren't.”

  But he shot a quick account of what he had heard
to the little man, and advised him to get after the
foot police and the watchmen of the banks. The
little man wanted nothing so much as a reasonable
theory to explain the success of the raid, but we
wanted that just as much as he did, and he went off
with an openly exhibited contempt for our lack of
imagination.
THE ARK OF THE COVENANT

11

  The further we went, and the more information
we acquired about the affair, the thicker grew the
mystery of it. The central fact was this—and all
else was relatively unimportant in the face of it:
that for two hours of the morning, between three
and five, the financial district of New York had
been peopled by men who, whether doped or other-
wise rendered unconscious, might to all purposes
have been dead, for all they saw. There was no
clue to the identity of the gang that had contrived
to break into five of the greatest banks in the city
and get away with a fortune in gold and easily
negotiable scrip. I heard that a finger-print had
been found in one of the banks. But I imagined
it would need more than that to lead to the recovery
of what was then reported to be a staggering loss.

  I had a talk with one of the policemen who had
been in the district during the lost hours. In a
general way I got nothing that was fresh out of
his account, but he was a big Irishman who made
me laugh with the unconscious humour that ran
through his conversation, and I spoke with him long
enough to get quite friendly with him. I was
leaving him, to turn back and see how my father
was faring, when suddenly I remembered some-
thing.

  “By the way,” I said to the big fellow, “do you
happen to have about you anything made of gold—
a watch or a trinket of any sort?”

  He grinned sheepishly behind a big hand.

  “I've a bit of a locket,” he said, “with a photy av
the girl in ut. She makes me wear ut next me
heart. Don't laugh, an’ I’ll show ut to ye-"

  I gave him my promise not to laugh, and he
produced the trinket from under his tunic. He was
much more surprised than I was to find it tarnished
to a dull brownish green.

CHAPTER TWO
Clues and False Leads

IT WAS around quarter past eight o’clock when
I got back to the National Metallurgical. I found
it difficult to realize that only an hour had passed
since I had lauded with my father at the seaplane
jetty on the west side of Battery Park, and I had
a feeling that the time should have been close to
noon at least, for the hour had been crammed with
incident and impression.

  A number of the bank executives had arrived, and
the place already had a flustered air of activity.
The chief accountant was with my father, and I
judged by the look of him that he was a very
scared man. Apparently he and the president had
been calculating the bank’s losses, for as I came
into the room the old man drew a firm line under
two rows of figures he had written on a small piece
of paper.

  “A good haul, Risbridger,” my father was saying
casually. “Two hundred and fifty-three thousand,
five hundred dollars in gold. Two hundred and
thirty-four thousand, seven hundred in securities.
But God knows they didn’t take all we had. You
had better see about broadcasting the descriptions
and numbers of the securities, and inform the
police. If the thieves have not succeeded in getting
out of the country, we may get a line on them,
should they attempt to dispose of the scrip. See
to this at once, will you?”

  The white-faced official scurried away, glad to
have something to occupy his mind, and my father
turned to me.

  I told him everything I had picked up, and he
listened without comment until I had finished.

  “M’m,” he said. “That’s a queer thing about the
gold tarnishing. What do you make of it, son?"

  “I don't know quite what to make of it,” I told
him. “My mind somehow connects it with whatever
was used to dope the watchmen and the police. The
stuff would have to be distributed in such a way
that its fumes could be breathed. The whole affair
has such unusual features, it might even prove that
if we were to discover what had sent everyone to
sleep, we might land on the thing that tarnished
Jaxon's watch and the policeman's locket. I don't
know of anything that has such an effect on gold,
nor of anything capable of producing the anaes-
thesia. I'm inclined to think some sort of gas was
used. The first difficulty we’re up against is that
none of the sufferers were conscious of even the
slightest smell.”

  "Whew!” my father whistled. “A new gas, eh?
If you’re right, jimmy, we’re up against a big thing.
When a gang of crooks can put the whole of the
Wall Street district to sleep and get away with it,
can you prophesy where the game finds its limit?"
"It opens up limitless possibilities,” I agreed.
“There’s no saying where this morning's work
will end,” the old man mused. “As it stands, if the
other banks have been as easily entered as we have,
there's the makings of a fine old panic.”

  “If there's going to be ructions, dad—don’t you
think you’d better meet them in comfort? What
about a bath and breakfast?”

  The old man surprised me by letting out a sudden
little laugh, with a queer note in it, as if some
hidden chord in his memory had been struck.

  “You're like your mother, Jimmy,” he said, after
a- pause. “You have her fair hair and grey eyes,
and when you said that—I could fancy it was she
who spoke. You see, son, life was pretty full of
ructions in the old days, and you said the very thing
she would have said when trouble was brewing.
You don’t remember your mother?”

  I shook my head. My mother died when I was
an infant, and I had never created any definite
picture of her, to a great extent because my father
seldom spoke of her. I expect it was that he missed
her too much. She had been dead close on thirty-
five years, but I could see, even then in his presi-
dential room, how much she still meant to him. He
looked at me queerly, and I have never seen him
so softened either before or since.

  “No,” he said slowly. “You were only a very little

fellow when-”

  He broke off and lifted his shoulders in a sigh.
  “You're right,” he said. “Breakfast’s the idea.”

  I anticipated that by this time there would be a
jam in the subways and on the street cars, and as
I wanted him to have as little physical exertion as
possible, I telephoned for an automobile. While
we waited my father issued instructions for carry-
ing on in his absence.

  When the car came, we rode uptown through
the rapidly filling streets to a quiet hotel where
he would not be recognized, and we both had a
bath and shave before breakfast. I was wishing now
that I knew enough about banking to stand by
12

AIR WONDER STORIES

during the crisis I felt was imminent; not that I
fancied ray father could not stand alone, but I think
my wish came largely out of the new realization of
how much I cared for the old man. I wanted to be
of some assistance, but I did not know just how.
I spoke to him about it as we were finishing break-
fast.

  "Look here, dad,” I said. “I want to stand by.
I can be of no use to you on the banking side, but
I could be a fairly good watch-dog. If I can do any-
thing to keep troublesome people off you, or if I
can run errands or attend to the commissariat-
just say the word. I'll do anything I can.”

  "I know that, son,” the old man smiled, "but I’m
well supplied with watch-dogs and messengers, who
know my ways. No. Listen. I'll give you better
than that to do. My hands will be full of the com-
plications that are bound to rise from this raid on
the banks, and I won’t have time for anything else.
In that tarnishing of the gold idea you’ve hit on
something that maybe will give you further ideas,
and I’d like you to follow up your theory of the gas
and see what it leads to. You’re an engineer, and
you’ll attack the problem from a different angle
from that of the average detective. You can have
a free hand in the matter of expense.”

  The old man’s suggestion almost took my breath
away, and I fancy my face got red. I must explain
that while my father and myself had been good
enough friends up to this, our ways had lain very
much apart. He was devoted to his banking busi-
ness, and I was immersed in aeronautical research.
There had been times when we did not meet for
months, and when we came together again it had
simply been, "Hullo, Jimmy!” and "Hullo, dad!”—
pretty much as if we had parted overnight. I knew
all right what I thought of him. What he thought
of me had been another story. That he had a good
enough opinion of me to hand me a job of this
sort, and give me the run of his purse with it, put
me in such a way that I could only nod acceptance.

  "Good boy,” said he. "Now here’s another point.
During the day you’ll be free to conduct your in-
vestigations, but I shall want you to fly me into
the country every evening. I’m not going to stop
in town and have the telephone buzzing in my ear
all night. I’ll keep Hazeldene open and live there.
Can you do it?”

  "Do it!” I cried. "Why, dad, there’s nothing I’d
like better—anjl if at any time I should be called
away on this job, you’ll find Milliken a first-class
man.”

  "That’s settled then. I take it you have something
better in your shed than the old seaplane you used
this morning?”

  "You bet. There’s my own Merlin. Three hundred
kilometres and more an hour are nothing to her.
I’ll have her tuned up for you right away. I can get
you from the Battery to Hazeldene well inside the
half-hour.”

  "Bully!” said the old man, and rose with a cigar
going strong. “Now I must get back to the bank,
son.”

Some Powdered Glass

WE drove back to the Metallurgical through
streets that seethed with excited human-
ity. Newsboys were running about, offending the

ear with unlawful and raucous yells, flourishing
newsbills that smote the eyeballs with their flaming
scarelines. One journal, apparently despairing of
adjectives sufficiently lurid to describe the reported
enormity of the raid on the banks, had printed a
sheet containing nothing but one large exclamation
mark. Broadway was Babel. At every other corner
policemen were trying to move on the crowds that
inevitably clustered round each fortunate with a
newspaper, and so dense was the press at the
lower end of Broadway that it took two mounted
men nearly a quarter of an hour to drive a path for
the car through the last hundred paces to the bank
door.

  Once we were inside, I immediately got through
to my mechanic, Milliken, on the telephone, and
told him to tune up the Merlin. Wise fellow that
he is, he had anticipated the order, and could
promise to have the plane ready in a couple of
hours. Next I spoke to the housekeeper at Hazel-
dene and arranged for the place to be kept open for
my father and myself. In the ordinary way I lived
in a hut close to the hangar and workshops on the
beach, only joining my father at Hazeldene when
he went there for the week ends. He had been at
the cottage on one of these visits when the news of
the robbery had pulled him out of bed for our flight
this Monday morning.

  I was on the point of stepping out to make what
investigations I could when my father called me into
his room. He had come upon an old Eastern piece
of gold money which he kept as a curiosity in one
of the drawers of his desk. It was not of the or-
dinary disc shape, but was like two little beans
stuck together crosswise and turned over each
other. I had seen it before as a shining piece of
particularly pure gold, but now it was sadly dulled
to a colour with which I was becoming familiar.

  "You had better keep that, Jimmy,” my father
said. “I expect you’d like to have a sample of the
tarnishing.”

  I was glad to have it, and I wrapped it in a scrap
of tissue paper before placing it in an empty match-
box to keep it from being rubbed. I intended to
have the tarnishing analyzed in the hope that the
result would furnish some clue to the anaesthetic
used by the crooks, for to my mind the crux of
the whole affair lay in the mystery of the two lost
hours. This was the thing I determined to follow
up in the best way I could. I had no other notion
of where to make a start.

  When I reached the street, the crowd in front of
the_bank was thining before the manoeuvres of the
police, and I waited in the doorway until there
was room to move. In a little I was able to cross
Broadway, and it was when I had reached the op-
posite sidewalk that a slight accident happened to
me which was the means of furnishing another step
in the development of my theories.

  To avoid bumping into a fellow who was hurry-
ing past on the sidewalk, I stepped short on the
curb. My foot slipped and I came down on my
hands. I felt my palms sting, as though I had
landed on some sharp sand, but when I stood up
to brush the stuff off, I saw that my skin was full
of little splinters of glass. It was no conscious alert-
ness that made me look down on the curb, but
just the ordinary human foolishness that always
makes a fellow turn to look when he has trodden
THE ARK OF THE COVENANT

13

on a banana skin. My interest was caught by a
smear of powdered glass along the curb and in the
gutter—like the result of breaking an electric bulb,
only bigger. There was something about the pulve-
rization and distribution of the stuff that made me
look closer still. I was suddenly taken with a
notion of what the stuff stood for, and I swept a
few grains of the powder together and wrapped
them in tissue paper, placing the tiny packet be-
side the coin in the match-box. My next idea was
to have a look round the outside, at least, of the
other banks.

  I walked down Broadway to the Guaranty Trust
and, acting on the idea that was simmering in my
head, I scrutinized the sidewalks and the roadway
round about. I half expected to come upon another
of the smears I had discovered opposite the Na-
tional Metallurgical, but was disappointed. There
had been, however, a fairly dense crowd all down
Broadway that morning, and I was not ready to
dismiss the possibility that the same sort of smear
had been in the street sure enough, until the
trampling of many feet had dispersed it.

  By the Subtreasury, at the corner of Pine Street
and Nassau Street, I had better luck. Here again
the height of the curb had saved the smear of
powdered glass from being completely obliterated.
I took a sample of this, too, and numbered the
package in which I folded it.

  Next I went on down Pine Street until I came
to the Dyers’ National, but this time, although I
worked as closely and as carefully as I could, I
found no reward for my search. Remained then the
last of the raided banks, the Trade Bank, and I
walked round to take up my investigations there.

  Right in the middle of Broad Street where it
joins Wall Street, I found another sprinkle of pow-
dered glass. Passing feet had made it very faint,
but luckily the morning had been dry, and the
traces left were unmistakable. I reckoned now
that I had reasonable grounds on which to work
out my notion, and I contented myself with picking
up what I could of the powder on a finger-tip to
test its nature. It had the same character as my
two samples.

A Pop Added

BY this time 1 had four ideas firmly fixed in
my head, and could not be quit of them; that
the crooks had used an anaesthetizing gas; that
this gas probably had tarnished the gold; that the
gas, in liquid form, had been held in glass con-
tainers; and that the smears of powder outside the
three banks were what was left of the containers
after the release of the gas had shattered them.

  These were a weirdly fanciful lot of notions, I
admit, but like the rest of those concerned, I was
more absorbed by the idea of the mysterious sleep
that had fallen on the district during those two
dead hours, than by the magnitude of the robbery
itself. It was all guess-work, and probably mad
guess-work at that, but at the time guess-work was
about all anyone had to start from.

  In any case, I thought the coincidence that
smears of pulverized glass should be outside three
of the robbed banks sufficiently strange to be worth
working on, and in pursuit of the ideas it gave
birth to I went in search of the policeman of the

tarnished locket.

  I was afraid he would have gone off duty, but
my luck held, and I came upon him practically on
the same spot where I had parted with him earlier
in the morning. He had just been relieved and was
going home. I walked with him up Broadway in
the direction of the National Metallurgical.

  "There is a point on which I’d like to ask you
a question or two, McGrath,” I said.

  “Shoot!”

  “Before you fell asleep or became unconscious
this morning, did you hear anything of an ex-
plosion ?”

He stopped dead in his tracks to stare at me.
“Faith—now you mintion ut,” he said slowly, “I
believe I did hear a bit of a pop. Nothing to
startle ye, mind—just a quiet little pop, like ye’d
be hearin’ when a child burst a paper bag.”

  “Where were you when you heard this pop, as
you call it?”

  “Let me see, now,” he mused. “I’d be standin’
right foreninst th’ Exchange when I heard ut.”
“You didn’t hear more than one?”

  “I might have. But, d’ye see, ut was the sort av
noise that might be cornin’ from the uptown traffic,
and not at all the noise that would swing ye round
to see what ut was.”

  “How long after hearing the noise would it be
before you became unconscious?”

  “Now ye’ve got me, for ut’s a thing I can’t tell
ye,” the big fellow said. “I’m told that I was asleep
for two hours—but, if ye ask me, I say ut was a
bare five minutes from hearin’ the pop until I woke
up and found myself lyin’ on the sidewalk.”

  "After the noise, did you become conscious of
any peculiar odour—even of the slightest?”

  “No, divil a whiff av any sort,” he said positive-
ly—then with a twinkle, “unless maybe what was
left behind from the big cigars av the millionaires.”
“That might make your eyes water, but would
hardly send you to sleep,” said I. "Before you be-
came unconscious, did you see any haze or mist
coming up?”

  "There was nothin’ but maybe a kinda blueness
in the Street—” he began, then broke off: "B’ the
holy piper!” he exclaimed. “Come to think av ut,
ut was an odd kinda haze, too!—like nothin’ so
much as the way the letters on me watch would
show in a dark corner, or like wan av thim old-
fashioned matches would be if ye was to spit on ut
in the dark—but more spread about and thinned
down.”

  “Ah, phosphorescent!”

  "I wouldn’t be puttin’ a name like that to ut, so
I wouldn’t,” he said carefully. “If ye understand
me, ut was almost too faint to notice. All I say is

the Street looked like ghosts might-”

  “Thank you, McGrath,” I told him. “You’ve given
me just what I wanted to know.”

  “Is ut a bit av detectin’ you’re after?” he asked
me. “Faith, Mr. Boon, ye’ve got things out av me
that none av thim—polis or private—had the since
to remind me av. One of me mates was sayin’
that there’s been some queer on-goin’s up at the
Post Office. Have ye heard anythin’ at all about
ut, Mr. Boon?”

I had forgotten Dick Schuyler’s casual reference
to the Post Office and my interest was reawakened.
“Commander Schuyler said something about it,”
14

AIR WONDER STORIES

I said to McGrath. “Was the Post Office gassed and
robbed, too?”

  “No. I wouldn’t say that. I haven't got the rights
av ut yet, but ut’s just queer on-goin’s that’s
rumoured.”

  “Ut’s a queer affair, so ut is,” he went on, “and
the more ye think av ut, the queerer ut is. There’s
me locket, now. D'ye think I can get the polish back
on the thing? Not wan bit av ut. Ut’s all pitted
an’ dirty-lookin’. What the girl will say, Hivin
knows.”

  “If you don't mind letting me have it,” I volun-
teered, “I’ll give you enough to buy another like
it, and something for the girl as well. I’m interested
in it.”

  “Have ut, and welcome,” said McGrath. “I’d
been thinkin’ I'd better get a new wan, an’ say
nothin’ to Norah about ut, for I wouldn't like her
to see ut that dirty. I know the store where ut
was bought. Let me get the photy av her out av ut,
an' ut’s yours.”

  He handed over the damaged trinket, and I gave
him two ten-dollar bills. He was mightily pleased,
for with the twenty dollars he could buy half a
dozen lockets of the same kind, and when I turned
into the bank he was grinning broadly as he went
off to shoulder his way up the street. I added the
locket to my tissue-wrapped trophies.

  My next concern was to interview Jaxon and his
five men again. Normally they would have left the
bank by this hour, but they were still hanging
around in some faint hope of cheering news. I
collected the six of them in a spare room, and
questioned them along the same lines as I had used
with McGrath. They all reiterated their former
statement that there had been no odour, but three
of them, including Jaxon, recalled having heard a
faint pop before dropping off to sleep, and their
descriptions of the noise were, on the whole, fairly
close to that given me by the policeman. Four of
them, also including Jaxon, now positively remem-
bered a faint luminosity, and the other two thought
they did.

Jimmy Takes Counsel

I NOW took my exhibits, as the police would call
them, and my theory uptown to a friend of mine
who has a great reputation in chemistry and physics,
a clever little fellow called Dan Laniont, so well
off that he can afford to have a first-class laboratory,
and keep a big staff of assistants working on
valuable but unremunerative research. He is a per-
fect little wizard, and many a time I had gone to
him to be pulled out when the physics side of my
work had me bogged.

  “Hullo, Jimmy!” he said, as soon as he saw me.
“What’s the trouble this time? Won’t the coeffici-
ents come unstuck from the dihedrals, or is it that
the helicopter still refuses to copt?"

  “You’re wasted as a physicist, Dan,” I told him.
“You ought to go into vaudeville as the Un-
funniest Back-chat Comedian Alive. Haven’t you
heard about the robbery?”

  “I'll bite—and then you can say your smart an-
swer,” he grinned. “What robbery?”

  There are days when Dan doesn’t see a daily
journal, and I guessed from his readiness to chaff
that he had not heard about the banks. I told him.

As I expected, he at once showed the liveliest in-
terest.

  “Well, Jimmy!” he exclaimed. “What do you
know about that? Most interesting; Christopher
Columbus and the hard-boiled egg! Are you telling
me that Wall Street was put to sleep for two hours
while a gang of crooks helped themselves?”

  "That’s just what I do tell you.”

  “Phew!” He stood up and stared at me. Then
he took out his loose change and rattled it in his
cupped hands—a trick he has when very excited.

  “What makes you think the crooks used gas?”
he demanded.

  “I can think of no other way in which they could
dope the district,” I said. “Can you?”

  “They might have fixed the water supply,” he
said softly. “No. Water isn’t popular enough with
the police and the watchmen to make that method

effective. But, gas-!”

  “What's your kick at the gas theory, Dan?”
“Haven't you said that the people who went to
sleep smelled no odour?”

  “That’s right. Not a thing.”

  "Then there isn't any gaseous anaesthetic known
could do it," said Dan. “Let’s see. The absence of
odour rules out chloroform and ether straight off.
Ethyl chloride—no—too smelly—and too lethal.
You say nobody’s dead?”

  “Not a soul so far.”

  “Queer, queer! Nitrous oxide has no smell, but
its effects last barely a minute. There may be a gas
could do it, Jimmy, but I’ve never heard of it.
What makes you so keen on the gas idea, anyhow ?’’
I told him about the powdered glass, and showed
it to him. Then I brought out the locket and my
father’s gold coin. Dan's excitement grew.

  “This is mighty interesting, Jimmy—mighty in-
teresting,” he purred. “I never heard of anything

to tarnish gold in this way. Chlorine?—chlor-

Hey?” he broke off as he examined McGrath's
locket. “Who told you this was gold?”

  “It is gold,” I insisted.

  “Looks more like copper to me.”

  “Oh, shucks, Dan! It probably has a large per-
centage of copper in the alloy.”

  I brought forward the instance of Jaxon’s watch,
but he took little notice of what I said. He was
off on some scientific daydream.

  “This coin, too,” he brooded. “At first sight I’d
say it was copper.”

  "That’s where you fall down, young fellow,” I
said. “That coin was kept by my father as being
a remarkably pure piece of gold. He had it tested.”
“May be so, my dear Jimmy—may be so,” he said
absently. “I’ll tell you what. I’ll analyze this tar-
nishing. Leave the locket and coin with me. They
look to me to be impure alloys of copper—both of
them. Most interesting! I can think of nothing to
affect gold so.”

  “No more can I. Dan,” I said, “but I can think of
none more likely to find out than yourself. When
can I come back?”

  “Eh? Oh—ah—yes! Come back, eh? Oh, some-
time this afternoon,” he muttered, his gaze fixed on
the coin and locket. "Gas, eh? Must think about it.
Good fellow, Jimmy—to give me these. A new
thing—mighty interesting. Good-bye, old man-”
THE ARK OF THE COVENANT

15

  He wrung my hand and made a bee line for his
laboratory, with the coin and locket held out in
front of him in his cupped palms. I chuckled to
think I had made l)an Lamont so interested, for I
knew that the chemistry side of any investigations
1 wanted to make was in the most skilful hands in
New York. I had enlisted the services of a power-
ful ally.

An Official Whispers

THE next thing I had to do was to get the Sieve
back to Long Island and see how Milliken was
getting on with the Merlin, but on the way down to
the jetty I stopped to look in at the Post Office.
There was a jam about the place, and the counters
were crowded up. I wrote the name of the bank on
one of my cards under my own name—which is the
same as my father's—and handed the pasteboard to
a messenger.

“Are you Mr. Boon?” he asked suspiciously.

  “I am,” said I.

  ‘‘Who is it you want to see?” he demanded.
  "Anybody in authority who has a minute to

spare-”

  "Will Mr. Glover do?”

  "Fine,” I said. “Lead the way to Mr. Glover.”
He conducted me along a passage into a nest of
private rooms, and tapped at a door.

  "Wait here,” he said, and went into the room.
He was out in a second.

  "Mr. Glover will see you.”

  A bald-headed man at a desk in the centre of the
room looked up with an ingratiating smile as I
came in, but when he saw me his grin froze, and he
rose in angry surprise from his chair.

  "What trick is this?” he demanded. “You are
not Mr. Boon, sir! You are an impostor, sir—an im-
postor! Let me inform you that I am familiar with
the appearance of the president of the National
Metallurgical! I am an acquaintance of Mr. Boon!”
"That’s fine.” said I. “Allow me to introduce to
you his son, James Vandersluyt Boon, whose card
you have in your hand.”

  He looked at me suspiciously for a moment, then
smoothed down, and held out his hand. I wondered
at the change in his reception of me, but next
moment it was explained.

  "Of course, of course!” he said heartily. “I might
have known!” He waved a hand at the flying-kit I
still was wearing. “You are the young conqueror
of the air, our modern Icarus—though I trust not
doomed to the same fate. I trust not,” said the
pompous ass. “Well, Mr. Boon, and what can I do
for you?”

  I told him pretty snappily that I wanted a line
on what had happened in the Post Office that
morning, explaining that I was investigating every-
thing that seemed to have any connection with the
robbery of the banks.

  Mr. Glover looked hurriedly around the room, as
if he were afraid somebody might be lurking in a
corner. He dropped his voice mysteriously.

  “This is, of course, strictly entre nous,” he said.
"I can say nothing officially, you understand? It
must go no further?”

  I said I quite understand—and found myself
whispering like a fool when I said it.

  “Very well, then,” said he. “I will tell you, Mr.
Boon. A very strange thing happened here this
morning. Five little packages, extremely heavy
for their size, were dropped into the local collection
box during the night or in the early hours. The
box was cleared at seven, Mr. Boon, and it was
then that they were found. They would have
escaped notice, I do not doubt, had it not been for
the peculiar circumstance that they were all with-
out the requisite stamps—unstamped, Mr. Boon!
The sorter put them aside, and when he came to
deal with them later, he found that there were also
five bulky envelopes, similarly without stamps.
Now, here is a curious fact, Mr. Boon”—with an-
other apprehensive glance about the room—“both
the envelopes and the packages were all addressed
to important hospitals and research institutions in
the city, an envelope and a package to each of five
institutions!”

  He leaned back to see the effect on me of this
thrilling revelation.

  “You amaze me, Mr. Glover,” said I. “Certainly
a peculiar and suspicious circumstance.”

  “Wasn’t it!” Mr. Glover agreed. “The packages
were all alike, and appeared to consist of heavy
little boxes wrapped in corrugated cardboard and
brown paper. Well, now. Naturally the Office was
agog with the news of the dastardly outrages in
Wall Street, and the sorter somehow connected
these envelopes and packages with the crime, Mr.
Boon. He summoned his immediate chief, and the
result of their colloquy was that packages and en-
velopes were held over for investigation by our
police department.”

  “Have they been opened yet?” I asked.

  Mr. Glover looked pained at my lack of finesse.
“Not officially, Mr. Boon—not officially. Special
authority is needed for that.” He dropped his voice
to a whisper more confidential than ever. “But I
can tell you—quite unofficially, of course—that
the square packages contained black boxes of wood,
inside which were what at first sight appeared to
be lumps of solid lead. Closer investigation, how-
ever, proved these last to be lead cases with ex-
tremely thick sides.”

  “What was in the lead cases?”

  Mr. Glover shook his head.

  “I cannot say,” he said ponderously. “But as I
am inclined to think some outrage is contemplated,
I should say—explosives! But, as you may know
there is a special department of the Post Office
primarily concerned with the handling of such con-
tingencies, and at the moment, Mr. Boon, an in-
vestigation is going forward—behind closed doors!”
“You don’t know what was in the envelopes?”
Once more Mr. Glover was pained at my blunt-
ness.

  “No. That I cannot tell,” he said severely. “You
now have all the information I can lay at your dis-
posal, Mr. Boon—and that, sir, I beg you to re-
member, is quite unofficial—and sacrosanct. It must
not be bruited abroad!”

  I admit that I saw little ground for connecting
this mystery with the robberies round Wall Street,
nor any need for secrecy. I was inclined to think
Mr. Glover’s love for the mysterious had led him
into a fantastic interpretation of some silly joke
on the institutions, but I thanked him with every
appearance of being impressed, and took a speedy
16

AIR WONDER STORIES

leave of him. I was not a little annoyed with my-
self for having wasted my time on the pedantic fool.
But subsequent events, since made public, were to
show me that Glover, for all his absurd pomposity,
had got nearer the truth than I imagined, and that
I had underestimated what was to prove one of the
most surprising of a chain of happenings that ul-
timately were to baffle the whole world. Yet, as
I say, at the time I thought the thing some ill-
conceived joke on the institutions, or perhaps the
result of an error on the part of some manu-
facturer’s dispatch clerk, and I took little stock of it.
Without pausing to look into the bank, I made for
the seaplane jetty and the Sieve.

  Round the landing stage now, in addition to the
bronze-painted machines of the police, a number of
privately owned boats were moored. Luxuriously
appointed craft, with their closed cabins and the
silk or brocade curtains on their windows, they
made the old Sieve look more disreputable than
ever; but when I noticed that one or two of these
swell conveyances belonged to bank presidents like
my father, I smiled to think that my old tub, like
a mongrel pup to a dog-fight, had been first on the
scene of action. And as I set the old girl skimming
down the Bay, I smiled still more when I thought
how ornamental all that swagger fleet would look,
once I got back in its midst with my lovely silver
Merlin.

  She not only had the whole bunch beaten for
sheer good looks, but—in the matter of speed—she
was to the best of them what the hawk is to the
peacock.

CHAPTER THREE
The Merlin

THE cluster of buildings close to Gardiner
Bay, where we did our construction and ex-
perimenting, was beginning to find definition
on the white margin of the sea, when there dropped
from the clouds in front and above the Sieve a beau-
tiful silver shape. It was the Merlin which Milliken
had out for a trial flight.

  Until that moment I had never seen her in the
air. She was my design and had been built in the
sheds on the beach under my supervision. Her tests
had all been carried out at my hands, and she had
never been in the air without me. Milliken had
often handled her, but always with myself at his
elbow. Until now' he had not taken her up on a solo
spin.

  To see her so, as an outsider would, was a queer
experience for me. I felt pretty much as a dramatist
might if he saw a play of his acted for the first
time. I wish 1 could write down just what that
moment meant to me, but I can’t. The clean look
of the Merlin gave me a thrill. I wanted to fly her
myself and be able, at the same time, to watch her
from a distance.

  It was something of a surprise to me to see her
up in the hands of Milliken. though I couldn’t say
that he had exceeded his privilege. It was quite a
natural thing for him to do, considering the way I
trusted him. But even while I was admitting that
he handled her splendidly, a sort of jealousy had
hold of me for a minute or two. He passed me,
and I signaled half angrily that I would land first.

  The graceful silver shape swept dizzily over my
bows, turned banking into a sideways loop round
me, and righted again to come about after the
clumsy old Sieve like a great, slim-winged bird. No,
I’m wrong. There isn’t a bird that could repeat the
manoeuvre, and I had thought, until I saw Milliken
do it, that only the Merlin and myself had the
knack, but the mechanic had copied my stunt.

  Stupidly annoyed, I planed down for the shore
and flattened out to taxi up to the jetty. The me-
chanics ran out and brought the old seaplane to rest
in the shed, and I disembarked to watch Milliken
bring in the Merlin. She came down perfectly in
the hovering flight that had been designed into her.
and landed on the water so like some great seagull
that the expectation was she would next fold her
wings. It was gracefully done and by the time
Milliken stepped ashore my jealousy and irritation
were swept from me by a feeling of gratitude.
“What’s she like, Milliken?” I asked.

  "Oh, sir! Oh, sir!” he cried, ablaze with delight.
“She’s a dream! There’s nothing to touch her on
sea or land—and we made her, sir—we made her!”
Now Milliken, as a rule, is prone neither to call
other men “sir,” nor to wax enthusiastic, and his
excitement surprised me.

  “You handled her well,” I said casually. “You’ve
got the hang of that side loop all right.”

  "Oh, that!” said Milliken. “Why, do you know,
a baby could handle her. She’s a credit to you, Mr.
Boon—it’s all in the design.”

  This from Milliken was by way of an amende
honorable. When I first introduced him to the de-
sign of the Merlin, and showed him the wing modi-
fications that were meant to achieve the steep
hovering which now distinguished her, he had
thought the notion impossible. The idea had evolved
from stalling, and he then had the old fixed idea
that the only safe way of landing was to plane down
on a thin angle and flatten. The idea of perfecting
a continuous stalling, in which the machine got into
neither tail nor nose dive, nor even into a spin, but
simply floated to earth as a feather might, seemed
mad to him. The principle is now a commonplace
in aeronautics, and how Milliken and I arrived at
it, very nearly at the cost of our lives, has little to
do with the story I have to tell. I mention Milliken’s
apology to give just what sidelight it may on the
man’s character, for he wants some explaining.

  If I know anything about Milliken, he will never
bother to read these pages, even if he is told lie
comes into them—Shakespeare and real belles lettres
are more in his way than this sort of production—
so I may say what I like about him. In any case,
I won’t say anything that I wouldn't tell him to
his own ugly old face if the need arose.

  I have never met a man with as great a passion
so carefully hidden as Milliken and his love for air
machines, nor anybody with half his practical ex-
perience and skill. He has the strongest hands and
the gentlest. No fractious nut is too firmly fixed
for his spanner, and no adjustment too delicate for
his fingers, and I am open to bet that he has never
stripped a screw in his life. He looks about as
broad as he is long—which, since he is little over
five feet in height, is perhaps not saying such a lot—
and with the most equitable of tempers the habitual
expression of his face is one of untamed ferocity.
If Milliken had wanted to, he could have cleared
THE ARK OF THE COVENANT

17

the workshops in quick time, and I have seen him
rise under three big men, during a rag, and carry
them off like so many feather pillows. Like most
good men of their hands, he can control his fists.
I take it he knows too well the power in them and
behind them to use them unworthily.

  Milliken is the sort of mechanic who always has
about him a lump of cotton waste, and as we in-
spected the Merlin that day—I suppose for about
the thousandth time—he was rubbing the frosted
aluminum of the fuselage and of the shuttered
wings, or was polishing up the glass of the port-
holes. It was as if he could not get his darling
clean enough, for he fussed about the machine like
a mother over a spoiled child.

  I am not going to say that the Merlin did not
deserve all his affection. From the gleaming 1,000
h.p. radial engine, weighing just about half as
many kilograms, to her rudder, and from wing-tip
to wing-tip, she was all frosted aluminum, save
only for a thin line of gentian blue that ran along
her sides to spread out and cover her rear plane.
Through the portholes and windows of the control
cabin, a glimpse could be had of the sparrow’s-egg
blue that decorated her interior, of the shining nickel
of the dials and controls. She looked the littlest
thing. Yet at a pinch she could carry a dozen and
a half fighting men. She seemed the most innocent
and peaceable of machines, but her speed and her
power of rapid manoeuvre made her just about the
deadliest thing that ever took the air.

  We could take off the whole top of the cabin
above the blue line and fit a fighting top, and round
the inside of the fusilage were set stanchions for
six guns. Two of these guns, the fore and aft, were
belt-guns firing half-kilo shells, the forward one
synchronized with and firing between the propeller
blades. Beneath were hatches for bomb-dropping
and torpedo release.

  Of course, at the moment I’m writing of, when
Milliken and I were standing by her on the jetty,
all the fighting kit of the Merlin was unshipped. I
had every permit from the government, but as the
law forbade any private machine to carry arma-
ment and I did not want any inspectors dodging
around until she was quite ready, her fighting
capacity still remained secret. I was putting off
the time when I would have to say she was per-
fect and would have to offer the design to the U. S.
government, so she remained a peaceable machine,
ostensibly built for pleasure, and her fighting kit lay
oiled and ready in the strong-room of the work-
shops.

The Bird Flies

  A S 1 watched Milliken dance round his pet, I
began to have an absurd feeling of guilt about
taking her away. The mechanic was sure to be ag-
grieved, and I wondered how I was going to break
the news to him. He stepped back and gazed at
the machine with a rapt expression.

  “Don’t you think,” he said slowly, “that the band
round her could be widened, Mr. Boon? I don't
mean much, Ju-u-st a morsel. Ju-u-st about a six-
teenth of an inch either side, to show up her lines
prettier?”

  “I had a notion of widening the band consider-
ably,” said I solemnly, to string him a bit, "about
four inches altogether. Then I thought of bringing
the blue right round the engine boss, and stencilling
a wreath of emerald-green leaves round her nose,
bringing the design right round with the band.
Then perhaps a row of vermilion dots either side of

the blue strip would brighten her up-”

He was gazing at me with his jaw dropped.
“Huh!” he said contemptuously. “Why don’t
you finish her off like a circus wagon and be done
with it? Want to make her look like a swing-boat

at a fair-?”

  He broke off and grinned.

  "You got me that time,” he admitted.

  “Looks like it,” said I. “You and your ‘ju-u-st a
morsel!’ Come up to the office, Milliken. I want
to talk to you.”

  When I had finished telling him of the robbery
and of my plans, he put a hand on each knee and
scowled at me fiercely.

  “Do you mean to tell me you’re giving up your
work here to go crook-hunting?” he demanded.

  “You’ve said it,” I replied. “I’ve got to stand
by the old man in the best way I can, Milliken.
He’s up against a big thing.”

  He thought for a minute.

  “Well,” he said slowly. “I don’t know that I
blame you. Your father’s worth all you can do.
But turning the Merlin into a private limousine—
huh!”

  “I have to give him the best I’ve got, don’t you
see?’

  “Why don’t you recondition the J. V. B. It" he
asked. “She’s quite a good bus yet, up to about
three hundred kilometres per, and more of a pass-
enger machine than the Merlin—plenty quick enough
for your dad’s purpose, I’d say. It’d be a shame to
use the Merlin. You don't want everybody down at
Battery Park swarming over the old girl, do you?”
“Wouldn’t do them much good if they did,” said
I, “but you’re right. I’d rather they didn’t all the
same. I tell you what, Milliken. I’ll take you with
me to the Battery and you can fly the Merlin back.
Then I’ll phone you in the late afternoon and tell
you when to come and pick my father and me up
in the evening. Meantime, you can be putting the
engine back into the Seven, and getting her into
order. And, let me see—who is there among the
men who could handle her for my father if you and
I were otherwise occupied?”

  “Young Didcot could. He has his ticket, and
knows the Seven. He’s a good pilot—only, a bit
careful.”

  "Didcot, of course,” I agreed, for he was a pupil
of my own. “I like the careful streak in him, especi-
ally as it doesn’t come from concern for his own
skin. Well, that’s the idea. We’ll have a bite of
lunch, Milliken, and then we’ll get back to the
Battery as quick as we can.”

  Soon after noon Milliken and myself boarded the
Merlin and set off for New York. The silencer was
on, and before we had been in the air a couple of
minutes she was nipping along quietly at three
hundred and eighty.

  “Let her out, Mr. Boon!” Milliken, the tempter,
whispered in my ear. “Open the cut-out and let
her rip!”
18

AIR WONDER STORIES

  I pulled back the cut-out lever—and the air
suddenly was hideous with noise. I opened the
throttle carefully.

  Breathless, we watched the speed dial. The
pointer travelled in tiny jerks up the scale: three-
eighty-five—six, seven, eight, nine—three-ninety!
Gradually, steadily, and the roar of the engine now
a screaming, rising note, the pointer crawled round
the dial.

  A quick look at Milliken, who was sitting in the
toggled seat behind me, showed me his ugly old
mug streaming with perspiration. His gaze was
fixed on the speed dial, and his lips were moving.
For myself, my jaws were clenched enough to hurt.
Round, round went the pointer: Four-eighty-five—
six, seven—back to six—seven, eight—eight—a
little more throttle—nine, nine—four-ninety! Creep-
ing, jerking, the pointer travelled—five hundred!

  That was the extent of the dial. I had a curious
fear that to open the throttle any more would be to
burst something. The dial said five hundred, and
that was the limit of endurance. I couldn't stand
any more and I throttled down. The pointer went
back quickly—and I whipped in the cut-out.

  Milliken saw the movement, and his lips went
quicker. But I could not hear him. My ears were
still filled with the roar. The silence was appalling.
I tried to speak, but could not hear myself. Then,
gradually the sound of a voice came to me as from
a great distance.

  “Hell!—I knew she would! Heaven!—I knew she
would!" it came. “By the holy old keeno, Methu-
selah, there’s nothing to touch her. She's a daisy
and a duck! Why’n hell can’t they make six-hun-
dred dials? You peach—oh, you little bird! Oh,
boy!”

  It was Milliken, the normally silent, unpacking
his heart of words!

  Eighteen minutes after leaving Gardiner Bay
we were tying up at the Battery seaplane jetty,
I had to shake Milliken to make him realize we
were there.

  “Wake up, Milliken! We’re there!”

  “Yes, yes. I know.” He cast a look of scorn at
the fleet of machines round the jetty. “Look at
them!” he cried. “Just you look at the pack of baby
carriages! Oh, you bird!” he apostrophized the
Merlin.

  “Bird be damned!” said I. “There isn’t a thing
on land or sea that’s like her!”

  “Take her back, Milliken,” I told him, “before
the rubbernecks get to prying—but don't for the
life of you let her touch more than three-fifty at the
very most. Go over her carefully. She may have
strained something.”

  I watched him take her out, and followed her
until she was lost in the clouds. Then I turned
and walked up to Broadway. It may be imagined
that I was in high feather, for the Merlin had made
the latest speed record look silly by an extra eighty
kilometres an hour, and I knew very well that she
had not been anything like full out. Given that
amazing speed, her power of quick and easy descent,
her manoeuverability, and her quick climb, I had
every reason to think my machine was a world-
beater.

  A feeling of great exhilaration possessed me as I
walked up Broadway, My mind worked at amazing

speed, and I found myself gathering impressions
of the things around me quicker than I had ever
picked them up before. The traffic appeared to
crawl, and although I was whacking along as quick-
ly as my legs would let me, I seemed to be travel-
ling at a snail’s pace. It was an uncanny feeling, I
may tell you.

Five Calculations

MY father, when I got to him, had an astonishing
piece of news.

  “The stolen securities have been found!” he said
right away.

 “WhatI Where?”

  “In the Post Office. The lot of them, from all
five banks, in envelopes addressed to various hos-
pitals and institutions-”

  “Good heavens?" I yelled. “Then that ass Glover
was right!”

  “What's that?” my father asked in a bewildered
sort of way. “Glover? Who’s Glover?"

  I told him of the interview with the Post Office
official.

  “It's a mighty queer affair, Jimmy,” he said, “and
a mighty queer gang of crooks. They got away
with a couple of million in securities—all of which
have been recovered at the Post Office. In gold
they’ve got away with about two and a half
million-”

  “If you get the scrip back, what’s your total loss?”
“Two hundred and fifty-three thousand odd dol-
lars in gold. It’s a tidy sum, but in itself could not
affect a bank like ours seriously. The danger is in
the rumours that all our gold was taken and in
the loss of public confidence. There might be a
scare, and a run on the banks.”

  “No sign of that yet?”

  “Not so far, but the news hasn’t got into the
country yet.” said my father. “There’s something
of a panic in Wall Street already. The markets have
all gone bluey.”

“I hope you’re wrong in your prophecy, dad.”

  “I hope I am,” he said calmly. “But the cheap
press is working up a fine scare. A lot of harm
will be done if they keep on with it. You'd think
the facts amazing enough without distortion, but
some of these newspaper fellows have let their
imaginations run riot.”

  A new point came to my mind.

  “Two and a half million in gold, dad,” I asked
him, “what would that weigh?”

  “Eh, what's that? Let me see now.” He figured
for a minute on a sheet of paper. “Over three
tons, I make it.”

  “Bother your old scale of weights," I laughed.
  “What’s that in kilos?” *

  “You’d better figure it for yourself,” the old man
said grumpily. "I’ve just worked the thing out
from ounces troy to avoirdupois.”

  “My word,” said I presently. “That's over three
thousand kilos—three, nought, four, eight—to be
exact. Say a man can heft twenty-five kilos at a
time. That makes a hundred and twenty-two
journeys to remove the stuff.”

  “Trying to work out the composition of the
gang?”

  “That’s the notion. How long would you say it
would take a man to carry twenty-five kilos from

•	Tho U. S. A. adopted tho motric system for wolghts. etc., in 1930.
THE ARK OF THE COVENANT

19

the strong-room to the front door?”

  "How much is twenty-five kilos?”

  “Fifty-five pounds, old scale—as near as doesn’t
matter,” said I.

  “That’s a pretty good rough guess for an ingot
of gold,” the old man said. “Let me see now! Up
the stairs—round-swing door—better make it three
minutes for the double journey.”

  “A hundred and twenty-two journeys of three
minutes each makes it six hours six minutes to
remove the stuff—that is, given that the other
banks average the same for carrying distance. Even
with old-fashioned oxyacetylene plant—and it seems
to me something better was used—they could get
into the banks and vaults in about fifteen minutes,
but to cover any difficulties, as for instance the
bursting of the internal compartments of the strong-
room and such, let’s say twenty minutes altogether.
Five banks at twenty minutes each adds one hun-
dred minutes to the total, and brings us up to eight
hours working time.”

  My father scratched his head at this.

  “It was all done inside two hours,” he protested.
"Yes, I know,” said I, "but eight hours has to be
distributed among a certain number of men. Four
men could handle the work in two hours, were it
not for the cumulated hundred minutes that must
have been spent in breaking into the banks one
after the other—supposing they had only one oxy-
acetylene plant. Let’s say five men for a start and
see how long they’d take to do the trick. Have you
the actual figures of the gold taken from each
bank?”

  He handed me a list. On a basis of journeys of
three minutes each, adding twenty minutes for the
breaking-in in each case, I worked out the bare time
that five would need to handle the contract:

  Nat. Met................. $ 263,500 or 13 Journeys.......................28 minutes

  Guaranty T........... 360,250 '*	18 •• ............31

 Subtreae............... 1,056,000 "	62 " ........................62

  Dyers' Nat. ............ 450,100 "	23 " ........................35

 Trade Bank ........ 480,260 "	24 “ ........................36

                                                    182 minutes

  “Then five men with only one cutting plant
couldn’t do it?” said my father.

  “No, nor could ten men with only one plant do
it inside the two hours. Ten men with two ace-
tylene sets could, though. But fifteen men with
three sets could do it better. One squad for this
bank and the Guaranty, another for the Subtreasury,
and a third for the Dyers’ and the Trade.”

  “M’m,” the old man murmured. "Well, how do
you think they worked it?”

  “The thing that stops our theorizing right off is
the anaesthetic that was used. What puzzles me
is that the thing is possible with poison gas, and
that no crooks have hit on the dodge before. But
say that some one has discovered a new general
anaesthetizing gas leaving no ill effects. A big four-
thousand-kilo truck—three and a half tons, dad—
comes down Broadway, drops a gas bomb and five
men in gas masks with a cutting plant at this bank.
It drops another bomb by the Guaranty Trust.
Goes on to the Subtreasury, where it drops another
bomb and another five men. It drops a fourth bomb
at the Dyers’ and goes on to the Trade, where the
last gang and bomb are dropped. It waits until
the Subtreasury is cleared, then it picks up the
stuff from the Trade and Dyers’, Guaranty, Na-
tional Metallurgical, with the men, then goes on

to the Post Office and drops the securities in the
box.”

  “You think that’s the way of it, do you?” said
my father. "It sounds reasonable enough, especially
as we know the district was not properly sur-
rounded by the police until the two hours were

  "That's the point,” said I. “They might have
used three trucks, or four—or even five. The thing
must have been organized to go like clockwork in
any case. If I were the police I’d be searching
every garage in the city. The brain that organized
the coup would see at once that to take the stuff
into the country would be to extend the time in
which they’d be in danger of capture red-handed
on the open road.”

  “It’s a notion,” said the old man. “I’ll phone it to
the detective staff right off.”

  "By the way,” I asked, “has anything come out
about the boxes found at the Post Office?”

“Not a thing, so far. I haven’t heard anything.”
“Then I’ll go uptown and see if Dan Lamont has
made anything out of the gold tarnishing. What
time will you be ready to start for Hazeldene?”
“Make it seven o’clock.”

  I left him at the telephone, and in passing out
dictated a telegram to Milliken asking him to be at
the Battery at seven.

  The newsboys were still busy about the streets
and were doing an enormous trade. I bought
several of the staider journals before calling up an
automobile to take me to Dan Lamont’s. The first
one I opened in the car had a piece of information
that, if true, knocked the bottom out of my theory
of the trucks straight away. It appeared from the
accounts given by several individuals who had been
driving automobiles in the smitten district that
when the drivers became unconscious the engines
of their vehicles had stopped. One man, who had
been driving an electric truck, had switched off the
power just as soon as he felt himself go faint.

  To my mind the fact about the gasoline-driven
cars strongly confirmed my idea of a gas. I imagined
then that only some agent present in the air could
have affected all the automobiles round Wall Street
in the same way, and I was chagrined to see that
the one vehicle driven by electricity in the district
at the time was ruled out as evidence by the fact
that its driver had stopped it himself. The street
cars were of no value in this regard, because of
their self-stopping devices. What would have hap-
pened to the truck if the driver had fallen asleep be-
fore he could switch off the power? I was inclined
to think that only a wall or something of the sort
would have stopped that truck, and that it would
have come to a smash.

  If my idea of a gas was right—and I could see
no other explanation for the mysterious sleep or
for the stopping of the internal-combustion engines
of the automobiles—my notion that the thieves had
used trucks for their coup was useless. There was
the possibility, however, that knowing the effects
of their gas on engines using the air to carburet the
gasoline, the thieves either used electric lorries or
had some specially arranged engines using com-
pressed air. Such was my fantastic theory, based
on a very crude mistake which with all my train-
ing I should have avoided. I ought to have had
more sense.
AIR WONDER STORIES

20

A Dramatic Story

 T WAS beginning to be difficult to keep track
of all the threads that were woven into the mys-
tery, and I'll confess that right there in the auto-
mobile I was in something of a panic when I thought
of the job I had taken on. Every new point that
came up deepened the obscurity in which the
whole affair was wrapped, and I was entirely
in sympathy with one of the newspaper men whose
business it was to write up the robbery. This fellow
attributed the whole thing to a master criminal:

THE CRIME OP THE CENTURY!

The Sleeping City.

BIGGEST BURGLARY IN HISTORY BAFFLES THE BULLS!

Maater Mind Behind the Wall Street Mystery?

  The imagination In staggered by the possibilities opened up
by this morning's outrage on the five banka. If by wiping out
the conaclousnesa of the denizens of the Business Center of a Great
City for two hours a gang of criminals can clean that area of all
its movable wealth (for the loss was vastly exaggerated), who can
fortell where such operations will stop? Millions of dollars have
been lost in the robbery. Five of the most important banks in the
country have been crippled. The criminal no longer Is satisfied
with guerilla raids on the law-abiding world. He has declared
War!

  Organized efficiency is the keynote of this startling coup. In the
execution of their fell purpose the gunK of criminal* have not
wasted a single movement. The attack w:is made with the pre-
cision that indicates a leader of genius. Behind it Is tho brain
of a master crook, a Napoleon of Crime. The mind that could con-
ceive the plan of doping a whole district by mysterious means and
so organize the manasuvres of his subordinates is not the mind of
the ordinary denizen of tho Underworld. It Is the mind of a
Warped Genius.

  To connote the evidence is a matter of difficulty, for there la no
evidence to connote. The mind of the maater crook has seen to
that. . . .

 The writer goes on for half a column and suc-
ceeds in telling how bewildered he is. Then he
draws a dramatic picture of the scene, as he imag-
ines it, during the two hours:

  ... It la like a City of the Dead. About the ailent atreeta re-
cumbent forms of sleeping mon are huddled in the doorways or are
apread across the sidewalks. Here and there, with his useless club
beside him, lies the blue-coated guardian of the peaco. A faint
Sleam of white from another Inert figure shows where the clubman
has been overcome, stricken down by the mysterious sleep that haa
fallen like death upon the Idle and the occupied alike. Automobiles,
with their brilliant headlights throwing the level beams Insisted
upon by law. are drawn up In the roadways, and seem to carry
cargoes of dead men. It 1s as though some Intangible power had
stopped all movement with the wave of a magic wand. From the
elevated railway on Sixth comes the roar and hum of a passing
train. . . .

 That was a point I had missed—and what about
the subways?

  . . . and from pleasure districts uptown is heard the quiet mur-
mur of the traffic, the subdued echoes of moving people. Except
for these, the silence Is the silence of Death.

  Suddenly, under the pillared mass of a great building, a pinpoint
of light emerges, and It grows Into a blinding glare. Oxyacetylene!
It lights up a cluster of masked men and flashes off their goggles
of blue glass. With unhurrying speod they do their work, and In
their unconcern cast no glance at the huddled forma around
them. . . .

 There’s a lot more like that, before he begins to
tell of the first glimmer of dawn, in which shadowy
companies assemble and break up. man by man,
each going his own way—I suppose with twenty-
five kilos of gold apiece! Well, I had not thought
of a perfect army of crooks to manhandle the stuff.
He finishes up on a great note, like an old-time
“movie” subtitle:

And the Mind that conceived all this, the Arch-crook, the Master

Criminal, brooded tho while over the conquered City. For the
thousandth time, maybe, he connoted his plan of campaign, and
smiled to think that It could not fall. The whole of civilized
America Iny at his mercy, and he had the power, plus the will, to
bring ruin and chaos to Its prosperous centers. The wealth of the
nation wns Ills for the grasping.

  Malign this personality must be. but is it the motive power of a
new anarchistic movement against established order? Ib It. by
any chance, the Master Mind behind a recrudescence of the Idea
we used to know a a Bolshevism? Until the identity of this Napoleon
of Crime is established, until he Is Immured In our strongest prison,
he. with his secret and mysterious weapons, has the wealth of the
Nation at his Mercy!

  If this Master Mind Is to be beaten, only a Master Mind can do
It. and wo beg leave to doubt If the present Chief of Police, the
apinolesa and aupine Conrad Dickermann. fills the Bill!

 With all my own theories gone astray I was, as
I say, quite in sympathy with this writer in his

bewilderment. What sort of crooks were they who
were capable of relinquishing two million dollars in
negotiable securities? It is true that there would
have been some difficulty in disposing of the scrip,
in the face of the broadcasting by radio of the
descriptions, but the thing was not impossible. The
newspaper man was right when he said that the
robbery was a masterpiece of organization, for in
whatever way it was effected, there must have
been the slickest corordination between the mem-
bers of the gang. Nor was he far wrong in attribut-
ing the organization to a “Master Mind." Some-
thing of the kind was behind it all. Where neither
he nor his fellows were at all helpful was in sug-
gesting a reasonable explanation of the anaesthesia.

Philanthropy Abroad

I WAS hoping that Dan Lamont would perhaps
have come on something that would help to ex-
plain the mystery, for I was certain that if any
scientist in America was better equipped than Dan
for making the discovery, he was so obscure as to
be useless. Dan is a top-notcher.

  I found the little chap in a great state of excite-
ment, and as soon as he saw me he pulled out his
loose change and began to rattle it in his cupped
hands like mad.

  “You've found the thing that tarnished the gold!”
I exclaimed.

  “No,” he said.

  “Then you’ve hit on the dope that was used?”
  “No.”

  “Then what the devil’s all the excitement about,
Dan?”

  “Jimmy,” he said solemnly, “a wonderful thing
has happened. At this moment there is in New
York more radium bromide than was ever known
to exist in the whole world!”

  “Well, what about it?”

  “What about it! What a phelgmatic ass you are,
Jimmy ! Don’t you realize what it means?”

  “No,” said I, merely to egg him on.

  “It means that experiments in radio-activity, in
physics, in therapeutics, can be carried on on a
scale undreamt of up to now. It is immense! Great
Christopher and the hard-boiled egg! Do you know
what it means in money alone—the value of the
stuff?”

  “Thousands, I suppose?”

  “Don't be a fat-head, Jimmy. It means millions,
millions! Radium worth several millions of dollars
was sent to five of the scientific and surgical
institutes in the city this morning.”

  It came to me in a flash.

  “In square black boxes, unstamped through the
Post Office!” I yelled.

  “Yes,” cried Dan. “How did you know?’’
“Because I just missed seeing them this morn-
ing,” I said. “Is there any clue to who sent them?”
“Not a thing,” said he. “Where they come from
nobody knows. Just after you left me this morning,
I was called up by the Post Office to go down there
in a hurry. You know I’m supposed to be all right
about explosives ever since I handled that I. W. W.
outrage for them in 1925? Well, they had an idea
that something of the sort was on again, and they
called me in.

  “When I got down there, I found a group of
officials round five black boxes, containing heavy
THE ARK OF THE COVENANT

21

lead cases. I thought their explosives idea was mad,
and I pried up the thick lid of one of the cases with
a screwdriver. Inside the case was a heap of pinkish
salts. I could hardly believe my eyes, for it seemed
to me to be one of the radium compounds—either
chloride or bromide—with the usual barium im-
purity in it. I got away from it, quick, and had
them shutter all the windows. By good luck I
had a tiny scrap of willemite in my pocket, and in
the darkness, held above the salts, it gave off a
lovely glow. I had no doubt. It was radium—heaps
and heaps of it—and worth a fortune 1”

  “Was anything said about the envelopes?”
“You mean the big envelopes with the securities
stolen from the banks? That’s the funny thing
about the whole affair. No two of the envelopes or
packages were addressed in the same handwriting.
We tried to connect them up from the fact that
they were all unstamped, but it was apparent that
ten different hands had written the ten different
addresses.”

  “I think it binds it. Wouldn’t you say that the
crooks who broke into the banks this morning sent
the radium to the institutes?”

  “Would you? You can be safe, perhaps, in as-
suming that the radium was sent by one individual,
or group of individuals, and that the envelopes were
sent by the thieves, but can you be certain that
the two groups are identical? Is it likely that people
capable of the Wall Street affair would be the sort
to send radium round—like tea?”

  “It sounds contradictory—but they sent the
securities, that’s certain,” said I. “And I’ve got a
notion that the mind that could conceive the
robbery, and the gas, and the sending of the securi-
ties, is quite capable of doing the other. I’m not
going to lose sight of the possibility. Have you
formed any opinion of how the anaesthetic was ad-
ministered, Dan? Have you come on anything to
explain the tarnishing of the gold?”

  Dan rattled his loose change before replying.

  “I haven’t a ghost of a notion,” he said. “The
whole thing’s a complete mystery. But I have
turned the entire laboratory to testing for the stuff
that fixed the gold—and I’ll explain the anaesthetic
somehow—even if it means discovering one with
the same powers myself. This thing’s got me
going!”

CHAPTER FOUR
Two Clues

I DID not mean to leave Dan Lamont that after-
noon until we had gone over all the points of
the robbery very thoroughly. I have the great-
est respect for my friend’s mind.

  One of the first things Dan did was to point out
where I had made the very sap-headed break in my
theorizing. When I told him that the sleep-produc-
ing gas was what had stopped the engines of the
automobiles, he grinned at me in a sort of sarcastic
way.

  "Are you chemist enough to tell me what there is
in the air that enables the automatic engine to
combust its gasoline?” he asked.

  "Don’t be funny, Dan,” said I, and innocently
answered him. “Oxygen, of course.”

  “Clever fellow, he purred. "And now will you
tell me what the human engine gets out of the
air to help its combustion?”

  Right there I saw where I had pulled the bone.
It was obvious that a gas strong enough to deprive
an automobile engine of its oxygen would have de-
prived humans of their lives.

  I dare say I deserved all the chaffing he gave
me, but he rubbed it in all afternoon.

  By and by he was sprawling on the floor of his
sitting-room, searching the newspapers for further
information that might throw light on the mystery.
He had managed to get his mop of flaxen hair so
tangled up and over his eyes that he looked like
one of those silky-haired Scots dogs.

  “A clue, a clue, a clue,—let’s find a clue,” he was
chaffing me. “Let’s find a clue on which to base a
reasonable hypothesis, my dear Jimmy. I said,
mark you, a reasonable hypothesis. The gas that
stopped the engines doped the bulls! It may sound
all right—but the reasoning is just what might be
expected from a mere mechanic.”

  “Oh, shut it, Dan!”

  He shut one eye and recited at me:

"The famous airman, looking for a gas,

Pul's a large bone and proves himself an—egregious mechanic!"

  “You might have rhymed,” said I, and threw
a cushion at him.

     "Oh. that that brain which did the ether penetrate
     Should ossify and fattily degenerate 1”

he finished and threw the cushion back at me.

  “I’ve found another curious robbery of last night
that seems to have escaped you, you slug,” said he.
“Come and look at this, Jimmy.”

  I got down on the floor beside him. He had one
of the stubby fingers of his childish hand on a
paragraph in a newspaper. This briefly stated that
five thousand litres of high-grade gasoline had van-
ished in some mysterious fashion, during the night,
from one of the big containers in New Jersey be-
longing to the Standard Oil Company.

  “That’s a curious thing,” said I.

  “It is a curious thing,” Dan agreed. “Somebody
gets away from the financial district with over three
thousand kilos weight of gold—and on the same
night some one else gets away with five thousand
litres of gasoline. What do you know about it,
son ?”

  “Seems to be a craze for weight-lifting sprung
up.”

  “Looks like it,” he murmured. “Now, here’s an-
other funny story-”

  He pointed to another paragraph tucked away
on the same page. This reported the abstraction of
a large amount of eatables from a big provision
store, also in New Jersey, during the night, but here
gold dollars had been left to pay for the goods
taken away.

  “You’re not connecting those two things up
with the Wall Street affair, are you, Dan?”

  He took out his watch.

  “It’s now twenty minutes to four,” he said calm-
ly. “We can be over beyond Newark inside the
hour with my roadster, if you’ll drive. We’ll see if
the things do connect up.”

  At the gasoline station we got little information.
Nobody could tell how the fuel had been taken.
The station had been closed on the Sunday night,
and had been left in charge of a watchman, the
manager informed us, and the watchman had sworn
22

AIR WONDER STORIES

he knew nothing about it.

  “Did the watchman by any chance confess to
having fallen asleep?” I asked the manager.

  ‘He swore he hadn't,” said that official, “but I
expect he did. If he didn’t, he's in league with the
crooks, and the police have got him.”

  “Stop a bit,” Dan Lamont interposed. “You’re
perfectly certain that the gasoline has been stolen?
Isn't it possible that some mechanical device in the
tank has failed, that the oil has slipped back to
supply?”

  “We thought of that,” said the manager, “and
the mechanism has been thoroughly overhauled.
But there isn’t any doubt that the outlet pipe was
opened in the night and the gasoline taken away.”
“The watchman is unshaken in his statement that
he did not fall asleep?” I asked. ,

  “Oh, yes. He’s fixed on that—but he might be
lying, don’t you see? He's supposed to be awake
all night, and to make his rounds at definite inter-
vals. If he had fallen asleep, he wouldn’t like to
confess it.”

  “Where has he been taken to?” asked Dan.
  “He's at the local station.”

  “Right,” said Dan. “Let’s go there, Jimmy.”

  The watchman was an elderly Irishman, and just
the type one would expect to find at the job. He
was stubborn to begin with and refused to talk at
all. It was the merest chance that Dan addressed
me by my surname, and at that the old boy’s atti-
tude changed.

  “Are ye Mr. Boon, the flyn’ man?” he asked.
"That’s me,” I admitted, “unless there's anotker
of the name.”

  “But are ye the Mr. Boon that has the works out
at the top end av Long Island?”

  “That’s me.”

  “Well, ye've got a son av mine w'orkin’ for ye—
name av McGinty.”

  “McGinty your son?” said I. “Well, he’s a good
fellow, Mr. McGinty, and one of my best me-
chanics.”

  “Ye make me proud to hear it, sorr,” said the old
man. “He swears by you, so he does.”

  After that, everything was easy. The old man ad-
mitted that he’d fallen asleep about one o’clock in
the morning, but that he didn’t understand how it
happened. We pointed out to him that it would be
better to confess to having fallen asleep, rather
than leave the idea that he was in league with the
gang that had emptied the tank. He then said he
had been sound asleep between one and three in the
morning. We questioned him closely, and began
to have little doubt that he was victim to the same
dope that had put Wall Street to sleep. He had
not heard of the bank robberies. We left old
McGinty with the assurance that he was not to
blame in any way, and that there was every pros-
pect of speedy release if only he'd be frank to the
questioning of the detectives in charge of the case.

Theories

iniAN and I spoke to the officer in charge of the
district, anil got a promise from him that he
would put the idea to the investigator who had
the matter in hand.

  “It’s just as well that you’ve got that out of the
old man,” said the police officer. “It seems to me

that we’re on the way to saving two of our best
men.”

  “How’s that?”

  “You'll have heard that Schomberg’s Stores
were broken into about two this morning?”

  “Yes. To find out what we can about that is
part of our business over here."

  “Well, you can hardly call the affair a robbery."
the inspector said, “what with money being left
to cover the loss and damage to the Stores. But
how the place was broken into without the com-
plicity of at least two of our patrolmen, we don't
know, and we didn’t like the idea. After the news
came out about the Wall Street affair, these two
men came back with a confession that they’d been
asleep, but we had a suspicion that they had only
seized on the chance to clear themselves. It did
seem a bit far-fetched that the gang that doped
the folk around Wall Street, and got away with
the haul, would bother to raid a New Jersey provi-
sion store and leave money to pay for what they
took. But if the old man didn’t know about Wall
Street, before he admitted he’d fallen asleep, the
chances are that he’s telling the truth.”

  “There was no watchman at Schomberg's
Stores ?”

  “No, the place is shut up at night—nobody left
on the premises.”

  “Could we see two patrolmen in question?”
asked Dan.

  “Easy,” said the inspector. “They sleep at the
station, and are sort of confined to barracks.”

  A short interview with the two policemen con-
vinced my friend and myself that their story was
true. They had concealed the fact of having fallen
asleep in fear of losing their jobs, and it was only
the news of Wall Street that had given them the
courage to tell the truth.

  Dan and I had heard as much as we needed,
and as we drove to the Cortlandt Street Ferry at
an easy pace, my scientific friend weighed the thing
up.

  “They do connect up, Jimmy,” he said.

  “I’m sure they do,” I agreed.

  “They link up, so far, only through the use of
the anaesthetic," he went on. “But I can find no
sane connection in the things stolen. Two and a
half millions in gold, a hundred kilos of provisions,
and five thousand litres of gasoline. It’s a mad
thing, however you look at it.”

  “It’s crazy," I admitted. “Jackdaw crazy.”

  “If we could find out what they wanted with
such a queer collection," said Dan, “we'd be on the
track of what they are.”

  “Suppose” said I “that it’s a gang with head-
quarters in the country somewhere, a regular band
of raiders operating on a large scale. They have
a fleet of trucks, each equipped with the latest
appliances for bank-breaking. They want the
gasoline for the fleet of cars, and the provisions

for feeding the gang-”

  “A concentration of that sort would immediately
arouse suspicion in the country, Jimmy.”

  “I don’t know so much about that, Dan. It
might be quite an innocent-looking factory, or

foundry, with accommodations for the men-”

  “Yes, asking folks to notice it by never dealing
with the local stores-”
THE ARK OF THE COVENANT

23

  "Shucks, Danny!” said I. “Look at my own ex-
perimental shops. Right on a lonely strip of beach,
and two or three kilometres from the nearest village.
Except for a government inspector or two once in
a way, nobody ever comes near me—and half my
men live on the premises.”

  “Yes, but your experimental shops don’t come
under the factory laws. None of your men belong
to a trade union, you’ve told me?”

  "That’s right.”

  “Well, if any gang of crooks got up a stunt
such as you imagine, it would be difficult to escape
detection in the ordinary routine of factory in-
spection.

  “But, listen, Dan! If I wanted to go in for bank-
robbery, it would be easy enough—given that I had
a dope-”

  "Great snakes, Jimmy!” Dan exclaimed. “You’re
on the business for sure! Could you land that new;
bus of yours in Broadway?”

  “I’ll bet you five thousand dollars I do—with

wheels instead of floats-”

  “What would your new bus carry?”

  “In her present condition, without her fighting
kit, about three thousand kilos, besides a crew of
six.”

  "Then two buses such as the Merlin could have
made that robbery in Wall Street and Broadway
possible?”

  “Sure,” I said. “And, what’s more, could be in

the Rockies by this time-”

  “Then we’re on the trail, Jimmy-”

  “Yes—if we wash out the question of the gasoline,
Dan. There’s a difficulty there. And, besides, there’s
only one Merlin—unless somebody has stolen a
march on me. But say that somebody has a design
as good. It’s not only a question of lift, remember,
but of taking off down Broadway. But say the sup-
posed machines could. Do you see them dropping
into that New Jersey gasoline station and getting
away with five thousand litres of oil? I don’t. I
don’t see even five Merlins doing it.”

  “What about a helicopter.”

  “The helicopter is a washout as far as lateral
speed is concerned. It hasn’t been applied success-
fully to a plane yet.”

  "Airship then?”

  “More like it—but, phew!—you’re getting up a
whale of a theory, Dan!”

  “I know that, Jimmy,” said he, “but it’s a whale
of a robbery.”

  By this time we were at the ferry, and our dis-
cussion was shelved in the business of getting
aboard the waiting ferry-boat. Once on Manhattan,
we drove straight for the Metallurgical National.
When Dan and I got into my father’s room, we
found the old man looking a bit worn.

  "I won’t be ready for you until seven, Jimmy,”
lie said at once. “And I’ve a lot to do before then.
Wall Street has gone mad, and there isn’t a thing
on the list that hasn’t dropped. There’s been a run
on the country branches of all five banks, and some
of the others as well. I have a meeting of bank
presidents at six.”

  “Righto, dad," I said. "We’ll clear out-”

  “If Dan and you are on something new, why not
bring him over to Hazeldene for the night, and let’s
do our talking there?”

“How about it, Dan?”

 “Fine,” he said.

 “But your analysis of the tarnishing?”

 “My fellows can do the tests all right. I’ll take
 a run up and see how they’ve got on, and fetch my
 kit down here.”

 “I’ll come with you, then. The landing-stage at
 seven, dad?”

 “I’ll be there, son,” and with a nod to Dan and
 myself he became immersed in his papers again.
 We were just going out of the door, however, when
 he called us back.

 “Perhaps you’d better take the elevator to the top
 of the building and see the janitor, Klenski. He
 has some weird story about houses hanging from
 the sky, or something. He’s no temperance advocate,
 Klenski, but you might get something out of it.”
 Dan and I exchanged a look and bolted for the
 elevator.

The Tale of the Finn

 UP on the roof, we found Klenski, a Finn, born
 in America, whose faded blue eyes, uncertain
 movements, and indistinct voice showed at once
 the soaker. The man was eaten into by alcohol.

 “What was it you saw last night, Klenski?” I
 asked him, as soon as we’d got him out on the roof.

 He pulled in the corners of his mouth, in an
 effort to stop the twitching of the lips that always
 preceded his speech.

 "A cabin—like a rail’ay coach—smaller—’ging
 b’ropes f’m sky ...”

 “Where was this? At what time?”

 He butted his head towards the railings on the
 parapet wall.

 “There?”

 He nodded jerkily.

 “What time was this, Klenski?”

 “Las’ni—’smorning—s’m’time—coonsay . .. ”
 “About three this morning, maybe?” Dan in-
 sinuated.

 Klenski turned to him gratefully, and chucked a
 jerky nod at him.

 “What were you doing about at that time?” I
 asked him.

 “G’t up t’git s’m’thing—c’m’out see what s’t
 night ’tvvas—saw cabin—like rail'ay coach c’min’
 down out’n sky on ropes—’slike that ...”

 He made a jerky downward gesture of the hand.
 “Did you look up to see where the ropes came
 from ?”

 He shook his head and gazed at the concrete
 under our feet.

 Dan pointed up at the sky, thinking the man did
 not understand. But the eyes of the Finn did not
 follow the hand, and we realized that the man could
 not bear to look up at the sky. I’d seen the same
 disability in an alcoholic before.

 “Well, what happened then?” Dan asked gently.
 “Went over to railings ’nd looked down. ’N blue
 wall came over my eyes. ’Sail. Went back t’ bed.
 Cold.”

 “Blue wall?” said Dan. “What sort of blue
 wall?”

 The Finn gazed at him pathetically.

 “Blue wall,” he said in his gentle indistinct way.
 “Blue wall . .. other side ’frailings. Down—down—
 ’slike that ...”

 Again he made that downward gesture of the
24

AIR WONDER STORIES

hand.

  “Did you hear any noise?" I asked.

  The lips twitched desperately, and a silly smile
 came into the Finn's face.

 “Whisper—whisper—’sper. Binz-z-z !”he imitated.
 “ ’N I d’n’ know any more, please.”

  We left it at that, for it was painful to talk to
 the man, he had such terrible difficulty in talking—
 or even thinking.

  “Dare we interpret the maunderings of that dipso-
 maniac into evidence for the airship idea, Jimmy?”
 Dan asked when we were in his roadster again.
 “Let's,” said I, "and see what it leads to.”

 “He got up for another drink, you know.” said
 Dan. “It might all be drunken imagination.”
 “Possibly. The only concrete thing about it is the
 cabin—which might be the gondola of a dirigible.”
 “And the blue wall, Jimmy—the blue wall? Some
 effect of alcohol on the eyes, maybe?”

“Maybe,” I agreed. “Unless—unless what he saw

 was the side of the airship-”

  “Could an airship venture so low?”

  “How can I tell, Dan? If the crooks came out
 of an airship at all, it would be less likely to be
 spotted if it came as low as possible over the area
 of operations, where all the inhabitants were un-
 conscious. The higher it remained, the wider the
 field from which it was visible. You’ve got to re-
 member that the Metallurgical is only a little less
 than the Woolworth, and that the few overhead
 cables still in existence are well under roof height.
 Say your supposed airship had a width of just
 under thirty metres—there’s nothing to stoo it from
 nestling in Broadway.”

  Dan let out a chuckle.

  “Columbus! This is deep stuff, Jimmy. We’ll
 have to do a lot of sleuthing before we're through.”
 “I’ll tell you what, Dan. I’m going to get Dick
 Schuyler on the phone, and ask him to join us to-
 night at Hazeldene. With the old man and Milliken
 we’ll have a fine old council of war—a regular
 powwow.”

  “Has Dickie any sense?”

  "You bet you,” said I. “Dickie not only has
 sense, but he knows more about liehter-than-air
 machines than I do. I don’t favour that sort of
 flying at all.”

  When we arrived at Dan’s laboratory, he went
 off to see his research merchants who had been
 working on the tarnished gold. I didn't go with
 him, being on the phone to Dick Schuyler. I was
 lucky enough to find my man at home with his
 squadron, and he fell in with the idea of joining
 the party at Hazeldene.

  “I’d like to come across on your new bus,
 Jimmy,” he said, “but I’m on duty again at five
 in the morning. I'll fly over on my own bus if you
 can berth her for me.”

  “Tons of room, Dick,” I told him.

  “When do you start for Hazeldene?”

  “At seven from the Battery stage.”

  “Right,” said he. “I’ll start with you.”

  “Very well, old son,” I said. "We'll wait for
 you at the other end.”

  I heard a splutter come over the phone.

  “Now, what the devil do you mean by that,
 Jimmy Boon?” Dick demanded. “I have to inform
 you that my bus is the quickest thing in the

 service.”

  “Can she do five hundred per?” I asked casually.
“Good Lord!” he yelled. "Can the Merlin?"
“Start at seven and see for yourself," said I, and
rung off.

  Dan came back just then, but had no discovery
to report.

  “My fellows are in the air,” he said. “That locket
and coin of yours have got them going. There
seems to be the faintest trace of a radio-activity
filming the gold, but they have not determined
what it is yet. I've indicated new tests, and they’ll
work late on them. The thing’s a puzzle.”

  He went off to pack a kit-bag, and while I waited
I fan through some newspapers we had brought
on the way up town. The columns were crammed
with talk of the robbery, and it was evident that
business was badly jolted. Every paper spoke of
the “panic” on Wall Street, of the run on the
branches of the banks, and none of them could
make head or tail of the radium mystery. Since
the passing of the Personal Liberty Laws, which
restored to Americans the right, among other things,
to drink when and where they liked, and what
they liked, the newspapers had not shown such
scare lines. But in all the mass of written stuff
there was not a single helpful word.

  The phone buzzer went, and I found my father
at the other end of the wire.

Ready For Business

“C'AY—is that you, Jimmy? Your father speaking.
l-* Is that new plane of yours up to picking a
passenger off a liner which is now thirty-six hours
away from Sandy Hook?”

  “That’ll be about fifteen hundred kilometres away
—eh?”

  The old man swore.

“Durn your new-fangled measures, son,” he said.

“I make it nine hundred American miles-”

  “Same thing. When do you want him to be in
New York?”

  “Could you land him at the Battery at ten to-
morrow ?”

  "Yes. T can pick him—or her—up in good time
for that.”

  “I said ‘him,’ Jimmy. Lord Almeric Plauscarden.
deputy governor of the Bank of England, it is.
He’s on the Parnassic due off Sandy Hook on
Wednesday morning.”

  “Right. I’ll do it.”

  “Thank you, son. I’ll radio him to expect you—
when ?"

  “Just before six to-morrow morning.”

“Good. See you at the Battery presently.”

  If the old man had patted me on the back phys-
ically, he would have pleased me less. There was
something in the casual way he had proposed the
trip, a certainty of my straight answer, that made
me feel good and chesty. I’m sure if I had said
no, he'd have taken it as casually.

  The feeling had not worn off when Dan Lamont
came back with a small kit-bag in his hand.

  “What’s the smug contentment for, Jimmy?” he
asked. “Have you just heard that the President lias
resigned and that you’ve been offered the job?”

  I told him, and his eyes lightened up.
THE ARK OF THE COVENANT

25

  “Say, Jimmy,” he pleaded, like any kid, “I’m
coming with you, old man—you’re taking me with
you, aren't you?”

  “It means starting about three in the morning,
Dan.”

  “That doesn’t matter, Jimmy. I’d like to come
along-”

  I said he could, and he danced a little breakdown
to show how pleased he was. Dan Lament's an
awful kid in some ways, for all his high position
in the scientific world.

  We drove down to the Battery in good time, and
waited to see the Merlin come in. Dan's man drove
the roadster away, and presently my father arrived.
Dick Schuyler had his seaplane moored a little
way along, and he waved his hand.

  In a little time I spotted my bus like a dot in
the clouds, as Milliken came speeding across
Brooklyn, before turning north into the Upper Bay.
He was flying good and high, and to an outsider
seemed to be overshooting the point for making a
safe angle. I took a look out of the corner of my
eye at Dickie Schuyler, and he was standing up
in the cockpit of his boat, yelling to attract my
attention.

  “What’s the matter, Dickie?” I veiled.

  “That your boat?”

  “Yes.”

  “That fellow’s going to crash her—too steep an
angle?”

  i waved my hand serenely, and he dropped back
into his seat to watch, open-mouthed. I fancy he
expected to see Milliken turn back or spiral to the
right height for planing into the landing-place, but
he stood up to watch again when the Merlin began
her hovering flight down.

  My father touched my arm.

  “That’s something new, Jimmy?” he asked.

  “Two years’ work in that, dad,” I said.

  He just patted me on the shoulder.

  The Merlin touched the water about twenty
yards out, and taxied slowly up to the jetty. The
landing-stage crew turned her, and we all got
aboard, Milliken giving up the pilot seat to me. I
waved my hand to Dickie Schuyler to show that I
was ready, and we both took off together. In that
particular flight we didn’t go much above four
hundred kilometres per, but we left the police boat
well behind. In fact, the Merlin was berthed and
we were all on the jetty waiting when Dickie
landed.

  “You’ve got some bus, Jimmy,” was all he said
at that time—but he had a lot to say later on.

  This projected trip out to the Purnassic knocked
my idea, of making Milliken one of the council of
war, clean on the head. I might have trusted an-
other of my fellows to go over the Merlin prepara-
tory to the flight, but I knew that Milliken would
not let anyone else do it. An extra gasoline tank
had to be shipped and fixed with new connections,
and the job wanted a sure hand.

  Milliken promised that everything would be
ready by three o’clock, and picked out a squad of
the more skilled mechanics to do the work. He took
it for granted that he would come with me on the
(light, and I knew that it would be useless to argue
with him, but he agreed to take a bit of sleep when
the job of fixing the extra tank was well in hand.
So I had to leave it at that.

  We had to let Dick Schuyler get off his opinions
of the Merlin at dinner before we could fall to dis-
cussing the robberies seriously. And I am afraid
that the dinner was unduly prolonged before I satis-
fied his curiosity by the aid of a whole thick pad
of scribbling paper. The funny thing was that
neither the banker nor the man of science seemed
to be bored by the arguments. Dan and my father
were as keen as a mustard box.

  When at length we had the Merlin thoroughly
explained, we were ready for coffee and other
drinks in the smoking room, and there Dan and
I put forward our theory of the robbery.

The Air Wins

PINKERTON & Co.,” said Dick. “I’m pleased
to meet you. I often wondered who you were.
Well, well—so you're only you, after all!”

  “Don’t you think it's feasible?” I demanded.

  “Ah, if you come to feasible—it’s just feasible,
Mr. Pinkerton—or are you the Co.?”

  “I wish you’d quit kidding, Dickie,” I said. “Do
you consider the notion reasonable?”

  “Reasonable? Mr. Pinkerton, I-”

  Then Danny and I both sat on him.

  “I’ll be good—I’ll be very good!” he yelled
presently. “Shurrup, Jimmy! Stop it! I’ll be good!”
We let him go, and after telling us that we were
a couple of thugs, he became very sound on weights
and gases and hot air of that sort. He had the
latest statistics about dirigibles at his finger-tips.

  “I think you may discount the Finn’s blue-wall
idea. It would be very dangerous for a dirigible of
any size worth talking about to come down so
near the buildings. On a night like last night, with
the wind there was, there would always be a good
deal of drift, and a dirigible is not the sort of thing
you can push away from a wall, as you do a ship's
boat from a quayside.”

  “I’m inclined to agree with you," Dick went on,
“that the Wall Street robberies are linked up with
the gasoline and store affairs in Newark. The dope
links them up. But why drag in an airship to ex-
plain the possibility of the job being done by one
gang—to explain the need for the gasoline? I can't
see an airship dropping down on Newark and not
being spotted. You’ve worked out that one four-
thousand-kilo truck could handle the gold?”
“That’s right,” I said.

  “How far is the gasoline station from the bay
side?"

  “Not far, but it stands on a canal running into
Newark Bay."

  “That will do my business,” Dick said trium-
phantly. “Suppose we just put a jolly old motor-
ship—not big—say about twenty tons—alongside
our nice little gasoline station. On land, we have
our four-thousand-kilo truck. The motor-ship drifts
down to the gasoline station, and whangs in the
dope—gas, or whatever it is, then proceeds to run
a pipe up to the tank. It takes its fuel. In the
meantime the gang with the truck is operating on
Schomberg’s Stores. When that is done, the truck
moves off across the Hudson by the Cortlandt
Street Ferry, which runs all night. It drops its
dope in Broadway and down Wall Street. The gang
bursts the banks and collects the goods, and off out
of the district to a private wharf, say, on the Jersey
City side of Newark Bay, to where the jolly little
26

AIR WONDER STORIES

motor-ship has swum over. The little lugger is
loaded with the booty, and drops down either side
of Richmond—and there you are!”

  “Now, do you know,” said Dan Lamont, “that’s
a very pretty story, Dickie—and very well told,
too! But how do you get over the fact that all
the automobile engines stopped in the doped
district?”

  “Ours is a special automobile ours is! Maybe it’s

an electrically-driven truck-”

  “It now appears,” my father interposed, “that the
street cars down Broadway were stopped below
Post Office Square, nobody knows how.”

  We all turned to stare at him, for we had almost
forgotten his presence, he was so silent. Dan was
the first to recover.

  “That washes out your electric truck, Dickie,”
he said.

  “You can have your airship,” Dick said. “When
you get crooks that can dope a whole district, stop
automobiles and electric cars, spread stickfast, so
to speak, on all movement for two hours over an
area of a square kilometre—what’s to prevent them
having an airship that can nestle down on Broad-
way? Have your airship—but do think tenderly of
my little motor-lugger. I was so fond of it.”

  "What do you think of it, Mr. Boon?” Dan asked
my father.

  “I think the difficulty of concentrating, and of
getting away undetected, points to an approach
from an unexpected quarter—so I say the air. The
Finn's dream is too exact to be alcohol. It’s simple.
Just a cabin coming down from the air—then a blue
wall—and some noises that to my layman ear sound
uncommonly like machinery. No alcohol dream that.
So I say the air. Seems to me that whatever theory
you try to develop, you always get about half-way
with it. But I have a hunch that the solution will
be found in the air. Dick showed more surprise
over Jimmy’s new seaplane than over the whole
robbery. Why?”

  “Because Jimmy has evolved a new principle,
sir,” said Dick.

  “Well, Jimmy hasn’t got the monopoly of brains
in the world. Maybe somebody’s evolved a new
principle for dirigibles,” said the old man. “I'm
going to have one more drink. Then I'm going to
bed. And if for-once I may play the heavy father.
I'll advise you all to do the same. Seven hours
from now, Jimmy has got to be six hundred miles
out at sea.”

  "So have I,” said Dan Lamont proudly.

  We all had another drink, and the old man told
us exactly how he got on the long green in four
and holed out with a handsome putt for a five.

CHAPTER FIVE

A Ghostly Ocean

IT WAS three o'clock on the Tuesday morning,
and Dan Lamont and myself were standing in
the porch of Hazeldene with my father. The
roadster was purring out 011 the avenue. The old
man had the flimsy of a radio message in his hand
"Lord Almeric will be ready for you, and asks
that you will pick up an extra passenger if pos-
sible,” he said, “most likely his secretary. Can you
do it?”

  "Sure,” I replied. “That will be all right. Did

he say anything about the ship’s probable position
at six o’clock?”

  "No. Here’s his message—you’d better have it.
And here’s a note I have written to Lord Almeric.”

  "You'd better have an automobile waiting for him
and his secretary at the Battery from nine o’clock.
We may make good time—it is fine flying weather.
You’ll be all right with Didcot on the Seven going
across, dad. Well, so long!”

  "So long, son! ’Morning, Dan!” my father said.
“Look after yourselves. You’re fixed all right for
food?”

  “Milliken is sure to have everything fixed,” I told
him.

  Just then Dick Schuyler, in a dressing-gown,
came out of the house.

  “I’ve just been through to headquarters,” he said.
“There isn’t much ice about, and flying conditions
are good, Jimmy. You should pick the Parnassic up
in no time.”

  “Thanks, old man. Well, so long!”

  We roared down to the sheds in quick time, and
found the Merlin afloat and ready, shining like silver
under the arcs. Milliken had everything prepared,
from extra wraps and food for the passengers, down
to easy chairs in the cabin, and the fixing of the
tank had been done in very workmanlike fashion.
We were good for three thousand kilometres.

  We took off at three-fifteen, and I laid the course
on a point or two north of east, quickly bringing
the Merlin up to a steady four hundred kilometres
the hour. It was reckoned that we should sight
the Parnassic at a point six hundred and fifty kilo-
metres east of Cape Cod, and two hundred and fifty
south of Halifax, which gave us a thousand-odd
kilometres of an outward voyage.

  It would have been easy that morning to fly by
the stars, they were so clean and bright. Their light
was reflected in a dusky sheen off the sea below.
To the north, the Great Dipper was poised on the
end of his handle. What clouds there were about
were the merest wisps, and there wasn’t a trace of
fog.

  Danny, wrapped as if for a journey to the North
Pole, sat at my side, a little behind where I was in
the pilot’s seat, and he leaned forward in interested
silence to watch every move of my hands, but his
eyes were shining with delight at his adventure.
The murmur of the silenced engine came to us on
a beautiful liquid note which showed clearly how
thoroughly Milliken and his men had done their
work. That excellent artificer sat on the floor at
Danny’s feet and leaned against the side of the
cabin, his head cocked sideways to listen intently
to the voice of the engine. There was nothing to
do, for the Merlin was flying like an angel.

  The lights of steamer after steamer appeared
faintly on the skyline, neared, and passed under us
out of sight. On our port bow the coastwise lights
winked and glowed, until at last Nantucket fell far
astern, and in less than an hour’s flying we had
passed to the south of Cape Cod. When the clock
on the control-board showed four-fifteen, I turned
to Milliken.

  “Let down the aerial,” I said, “and see if we can
pick up the Parnassic."

  It was characteristic of the man that he knew the
call and the wave length without having to ask,
and it was without any comment but a quick nod
THE ARK OF THE COVENANT

27

that he lowered the aerial and fixed the receiver to
his cars. In a minute the cabin was filled with the
blatter of the radio.

 “PNC! PNC! PNC!”

  lie waited a little and repeated the call, then
suddenly switched to the open receiver of the radio-
phone. A strange voice issued from the box and
filled the cabin.

  "There’s something the matter with the Parnassic’s
wireless,” said the voice, “gone phut, or something.
Who’s calling her, anyhow?”

  "This is the seaplane Merlin,” said Milliken.
“Who are you?”

  “British steamship, Maramba,” the voice replied.
“Where are you?’’ Milliken looked at me.

  “Two hundred kilometres or so due east of Cape
Cod,” I told him, and he repeated it into the trans-
mitter.

  “Looking for the Parnassic?"

  “That's the notion,” said Milliken.

  “She should be somewhere round 43° north, 60°
west. I say, there’s something the matter in this
blinking ocean this morning—ghostses or some-
thing—gives you the creeps. Well, cheerio, Merlin!”
said the English voice. “Is it cold up there?”

  “Not a bit of it, thanks,” said Milliken. “Cheerio,
Maramba!"

  “Cheerio and good luck!”

  Milliken looked to me for instructions.

  “Wait fifteen minutes, Milliken, and try her
again,’.’ I told him. He pulled up the aerial, and
almost without thinking what I was doing I opened
the throttle. The hand of the speed-dial went
steadily round to four-fifty, as the Merlin lunged
forward with a keener note.

  “What’s that glow that comes and goes on the
horizon away to the left?” asked Danny, when fif-
teen minutes had elapsed.

  "It must be the light on Cape Sable,” I said,
with a look at the height register, which showed
we were three thousand odd metres above sea level.
“About a hundred and sixty kilometres away.”
Milliken was letting down the aerial again, and
soon the radio once more was spluttering its “PNC!
PNC! PNC!” But save for the steady song of the
engine, no sound greeted our ears. Milliken tried
again, and again, without result. An uneasy feeling
took hold of me.

  “Haul in the aerial, Milliken,” I said. “I’m going
to let her go full out. Clamp the telephone re-
ceiver to your ears, Dan.”

  Milliken spun the drum round, and turned to
help Dan with the cap-receivers, which would cut
out all noise except what could come through the
phone, and then he did the same for me. When
we were all fixed, I opened the cut-out, and gave
the Merlin full throttle. The dial hand jerked round
to five hundred kilometres and stayed put, for that
was the limit of its register—but I knew we were
going well over the five hundred.

  It was now fifteen minutes to five, and a cold grey
had crept into the horizon ahead. Steadily, steadily,
as we sped into the dawn, the light paled into
silver and primrose, the floor of the sea passed from
dull blue into a living purple flecked with green
and silver. Minutes passed, the hand of the clock
on the control-board dragging heavily, and again I
felt that curious alertness of perception which I had
experienced on and after the flight of the day before.

It was more than alertness. It was an anticipation
of things that were about to happen.

  And now, with the coming of the light, visibility
decreased as a haze began to grow over the face of
the sea. We dropped on a long angle to fifteen
hundred metres. Here and there, the sea was dotted
with steamers which, though visible to us, must
have been out of sight of each other. These we
could see were freighters and small liners.

  All three of us in the cabin of the Merlin were
staring ahead, expecting to sight the great mass of
the Parnassic at any moment, for the time was now
well past five o’clock. As far as one could judge,
we were nearing the position where the liner could
be expected, but the haze below us was thickening
quickly and, every minute, was lessening our range
of vision. Soon it would mean casting circles in
search.

  Suddenly Milliken touched me lightly on the
shoulder and pointed. Ahead of us, four masts and
three funnels pierced the mist. I throttled down and
whipped into the silencer, then hovered down into
a steep angle. We were over the ship in a few
seconds.

  “There’s something the matter there, Mr. Boon,”
said Milliken. “There's no way on her, and she’s
rolling broadside on.”

  “My God!” cried Dan Lament. “She has been
abandoned!”

A Close Shave

HpHERE was something terrifying in the helpless-
ness of the great liner. Broadside to the rollers,
she lay sluggishly, swaying and veering amongst
the oily hummocks, and about her was the silence
of death itself. Not a soul stirred on her decks,
and the thin wisp of steam that curled from one
of her smoke-stacks was the only thing about her
that moved.

  I know that my hands were shaking on the joy-
stick, and it was all I could do to master the sick
feeling that was creeping over me. We circled
round her as slowly as we could, and coming as
close as we dared.

  “Look!” I said. “There are dead men lying on
the bridge!”

  “God in Heaven!” Dan Lamont cried, white to
the lips. “What can have happened to them?”

“I don’t know,” I muttered, “but we'll find out.”

  I swung the Merlin closer still to the liner.

  “What are you going to do, sir?” Milliken cried
apprehensively.

  “I am going to put the Merlin aboard her, if I
can.”

  “You'll smash her, sir!”

“Maybe." I said madly, “but we’re going aboard.”

“Don't try it, sir! For God's sake, don’t try it!”

  “Shut up, Milliken!” I said crossly—then realiz-
ing that he wasn’t thinking of his own skin, but of
his beloved Merlin, I grinned at him feebly. “It’s
all right, Milliken. I won’t do anything rash. Let’s
reconnoitre.”

  It was out of the question to try and bring the
Merlin alongside the heaving freeboard of the liner.
We would have had our wings smashed for a cer-
tainty. Nor was there space available to land on
any of the decks, cluttered as they were with ven-
tilators and deck-gear. The only likely place to
bring her aboard was on what appeared to be a
28

AIR WONDER STORIES

long stretch of canvas covering the promenade deck
astern, and it was a question if that would take her
weight. Fortunately, there was no cordage much
aft of the jiggermast, except for one stay coming
down to the stern-post, and all halyards were reeved
close to the mast. A ventilator or two pierced the
awning.

  Though it was a terribly risky thing to attempt
with the ship rolling as she did, it was the only
chance, and I told Milliken what I proposed to do.

  "All right, Mr. Boon,” he said. "There’s nothing
else for it—if we are to get aboard. I don't blame
you.”

  "What about you, Dan? It's a hundred to one
you'll be smashed or spilled into the sea.”

  "That’s all right, Jimmy. Go ahead with it.”

  “I'll get down on the floats, Mr. Boon,” said
Milliken; “might be handy to brace her if she
topples.”

  He fetched out a length of rope and cut it in
two, then, taking off his coat, he slid through the
hatch to the port-side float.

  I was depending on the Merlin's power of hover-
ing to pull the thing off, so I took her up a bit to
one side astern of the ship, gauging the distance to
miss that after-stay. The ship, rolling horridly,
came up to meet us. We were over the awning,
then it veered from under us—I thought we'd
missed it, when—back it swung—slowly. I flicked
the rudder round to bring us into line with the
ridge of the awning. We landed with a grinding
shudder, then heeled sideways as if we'd never right.
I had quite made up my mind that we were going
to crash over on our back in the sea below—but
after a sickening moment or two of suspense we
righted!

  Dan, flat on the floor, with his head poked out of
the hatch, let out a yell.

  "By Christopher, Jimmy!” he shouted. “Did you
see that?”

 "What?”

  "Milliken! Oh, you Milliken!”

  It was Milliken who had saved us. Lying on the
float, he had seized hold of one of the ventilators
as we settled, and, with those amazingly powerful
arms of his outstretched, had braced us as we
toppled, otherwise we would have crashed over-
board. Few men living could have done it. When
I got down on top of the awning, my mechanic
was composedly tying one of the float struts to the
ventilator, and a very white face was all he showed
of the superhuman effort he had put out.

  “Not much damage done, Mr. Boon,” he said
quietly. "Except that the starboard float has sprung
a bit, I think.”

  "Good for you, Milliken,” was all the thanks
I dared give him for saving our lives. "You
stopped us from going overboard.”

  Luckily for us, the canvas of the awning was
stretched over stout boards, strongly supported, and
these were sufficient to take the weight of the sea-
plane. Milliken lashed the opposite strut to another
ventilator, and we all climbed down to the deck.

  The ship still was held by that awful silence, un-
broken save for the lap-lapping of the sea about her,
and I fancy all three of us were gripped by a sense
of overwhelming awe as we went down the com-
panionwav, making for the gangway swung across
the after-well, From the gangway we saw, down

below us, a number of seamen sprawled inertly in
the scuppers and about the hatch. We called down
to them, but they did not stir, and our voices, un-
naturally thin, came back to us in eery echoes from
the open hold.

  “Let’s take the bridge first,” I said.

All Asleep

E ran up the ladders to the lower bridge, and
in the chart-room we saw an officer lying on
the floor in a heap. Dan went into the chart-room,
while Milliken followed me to the upper bridge.
Here we found two officers huddled behind the high
canvas dodger, and in the wheelhouse behind, two
seamen lay together, one of them face downwards
with his arm rove through a quadrant of the wheel.

  It was as if the ship had been struck by a sudden
plague. I don't know how Milliken felt about it,
for his ugly old face was a mask of stolid calm, but
shivers were running up and down my spine. I
kneeled beside the officer next to me.

  “He's breathing, Milliken!” I cried, and I gently
shook the supine figure by the shoulders, but with
a sigh the man only settled back more closely
against the rails.

  "Try the other man,” I told Milliken.

  My mechanic stepped over, and gently raised the
officer—he was the chief—into a sitting position
against his knee. The man opened his eyes and
blinked at us, then with amazing suddenness was
wide awake.

  “What the hell?” he said, and staggered to his
feet. "Who are you? What are you doing on the
bridge? Get off the brid—” His gaze fell on his
brother officer. “Here! What have you been doing
to Barr? You’ve killed him!”

He was a huge man, and he made a move
towards me with a look that was not very pleasant.

  "Don't be silly,” I said, as quietly as I might.
“He's asleep—the same as you have been.”
“What’s the matter with the ship? God! She's

adrift! What-” He stared at us, and passed his

hand over his head. “Lord! I remember now—

but it was dark then--”

  Meantime Milliken had managed to waken the
younger man, and just then Dan came up the ladder
with the officer who had been lying on the floor
of the chart-room. Only by his braided cap could
one tell he was the captain, for he was in pyjamas
with a thick blanket-coat over them.

  "What's the matter, Mr. Boscence?” he demanded
wildly. “It is two hours since we hove to—just
before six bells in the middle watch—I’ve been
asleep—or unconscious. This gentleman—what has
happened to th.' ship?”

  "I don't rightly know, sir,” the chief said, passing
his hand over his head bewilderedly. “There's some-
thing queer here-”

The captain stuck out his white torpedo beard.
"Get some way on the ship. Ring down—” He
whirled round to the wheelhouse as he spoke, and
broke off. “For the love of God—look at the steers-
men! What’s come over the ship?”

  I nodded to Milliken, who ran into the caboose
and woke the seamen quite easily.

  Dan looked at me in a dazed sort of way.
"Jimmy!” he gasped. “It’s Wall Street all over
again! You’d better explain to the captain.”
"Where do you come from?” the captain de-
THE ARK OF THE COVENANT

29

manded. “How do you get aboard my ship? You're
not passengers.”

  “You're Commodore Sir Peter Weatherly, aren’t
you, sir?” I asked.

  “That’s me,” he snapped.

  “I’m James Boon, Sir Peter,” I explained. “I’ve
come out on my seaplane, the Merlin, to take Lord
Almeric Pluscarden on shore. We found your ship
adrift, and I managed to land my machine on your
awning aft there. The whole ship has been doped,
sir.”

  "Ring down to the engine-room, can't you, Bos-
cence?” the commodore said to his second in com-
mand, ignoring me. "We must have some way on
her.”

  “I have done so, sir,” the bewildered chief officer
replied. “I get no bell back from them.”

  “If I might suggest something. Sir Peter,” I
ventured. “Let my mechanic, Milliken, go round
with your officer here," indicating the younger man,
“and waken up the crew.”

  For a moment he stared at me as though trying
to collect his thoughts, then he nodded briskly.

  “Do that, Barr,” he ordered. “Wake the crew—
though what on earth they should be asleep for
beats me. And you, young man—Mr. Boon, you
say you are—perhaps you’ll explain as much as you
can of this business.”

  “This is my friend, Mr. Dan Lamont," I said. “He
will bear out what I tell you, sir. But first, let
me ask you to walk to where you can look into the

after well-”

  “Come along, then—this way!”

  He led the way down to the boat deck, and made
for the rail over the well.

  "God in Heaven !” he exclaimed. “My men! Are
they dead?”

  "No, sir,” said Dan. “I imagine they’re asleep as
you have been. They'll waken easily.”

  “Come to my cabin, gentlemen,” said the sailor.
“I’m all adrift. I simply can't understand this thing
at all.”

  I must say that I admired the grip he had of him-
self. and his acceptance of what must have been a
bewildering situation. He was alert and business-
like as he led the way back to the lower bridge.

  “Mr. Boscence," he called up to the chief officer.
"The first thing to do is to get some way on the
ship. Give Mr. Barr a hail, and tell him to turn
out all the engine-room staff not on duty, and to
send them down to—to wake their fellows. Tell
them not to interfere with any of the passengers
who may be on deck or in the saloons. Pass the
word to such of the crew as may be stirring. Do
you understand?”

  “Aye, sir!”

  He turned to Dan and myself.

  “You’ll forgive any lack of courtesy in your wel-
come, I am sure. You were not expected to appear
in circumstances such as these. Come with me.
please. We won’t go to my cabin. I must look
after the ship. You can tell me what you know as
we go along.”

  We followed him below, but when we came to
the smoking-saloon, and found there a number of
passengers huddled like dead men round the card
tables, or sprawled out on the floor, it was too much
for the captain.

  "It is no use. I must get the hang of the thing

first of all,” he said. “You'll have to tell me what
it means. This morning at three o'clock I was
called out of my bunk by word that a red riding-
light was floating on the sea ahead. I turned out,
and was immediately met by a message that had
come over the wireless phone. It came from the
U. S. battleship Argomie—or was supposed to come
from her: ‘Heave to immediately. Danger.’ I passed
the word to the bridge to obey the order, and made
to follow. I had no sooner reached the chart-room—
I wanted my binoculars—when—well—the next
thing I remember is being spoken to by this young
man—Lamont, did you say? That’s my side of it.
Now, as clearly and as quickly as you can—what
do you know?”

  With as few words as I could, I told him about
Wall Street, of the mysterious sleep, and how the
thieves had got away with two and a half millions
in gold.

  “There was something about that caine over the
wireless yesterday,” said the captain. “It’s a very
mysterious thing. You say that the folk round Wall
Street were chloroformed—or whatever it is—just
as we've been?”

  “Exactly, sir.”

  “Then—by thunder—they’ve been after the specie
I’m carrying—a half a million sterling in gold!”

Piracy

TTjrE darted off through the saloon doorway, and
down an alleyway, Dan and I close to his heels.
He stopped at a cabin labelled, “Purser," and
banged on it, trying the handle at the same time.
A fat little man opened the door, and blinked sleepi-
ly at us.

  “Quick, Strachan!" yelled the captain. “The
second key of the strong-room! Hurry, man!”
“What’s the matter, sir?”

  “Damn it, man! Don't argue! Put on some clothes
and bring the key of the strong-room as fast as you
can. Hurry!”

  He turned and banged past us back the way he
had come, and up a companionway, Dan and I
tagging after him. We followed him into his suite,
beyond which was the strong-room. He needn't
have worried about the key. Right in the middle
of the steel door was a yawning hole, through
which we saw, in a brilliant blaze of electric light,
the disorder of smashed wooden cases.

  “Piracy, by God!” gasped Sir Peter. “Piracy on
the high seas—and on my ship! It can't have been
done from aboard the ship—they’d never get away
with that weight of gold—half a million!”
“Florins?” asked Dan.

  “Florins be damned!” said the captain. “Ten-
florin pieces. Sovereigns!" *

  “Phew! Nearly two and a half million in Ameri-
can dollars,” I said—the British florin standing at
that time at 2.42—“just about as much as they got
out of Wall Street!”

  “Tell me, Mr. Boon," said the captain. “When
you sighted us, was there any craft near us?”
“Nothing within forty kilometres of you, Sir
Peter—and certainly nothing up to doing that dis-
tance in the hour.”

  “That cuts out an hour, leaving one for some

   •In 1932, when Britain and the U. S. A. adopted tho metric sys-
tem for weights nnd measures, the florin of 100 farthings becamo
the British unit of money In a new decimal coinage.
30

AIR WONDER STORIES

craft to do the job in. They must have been damned
smart!”

  Just then the purser came running in, and when
he saw the strong-room door, he let out a wail of
despair. Sir Peter cut the lamentations short.

  “Step down to Lord Almeric Pluscarden's cabin,
Strachan,” he said. "My compliments to him, and
will he come here at once?”

  “But the strong-room, sir!—the strong-room! It
has been broken into!”

  “Dammit, Strachan!” the captain said testily.
“We can see that. Kindly take my message to Lord
Almeric. Crying won’t help us.”

  He turned to a telephone on the wall of the cabin.
“Lucky the exchange is automatic,” he said grim-
ly, “or I wouldn't be able to get through to my
bridge, I suppose. That you, Boscence? Any report
from the engine-room? Good! Now the first morn-
ing watch will come on duty, and be relieved at
eight as usual. Carry on 1”

  "The engine-room reports a good head of steam,”
he turned to us and said. "The automatic oil feed
in the stoke-hold has been going on all the time.
Ah, the engines!”

  We felt the vibration of the ship's engines under
our feet as Lord Almeric Pluscarden came into the
cabin. I had expected somehow to see an elderly
man, probably white-haired and rubicund, but the
newcomer was a slenderly built, dark-skinned, dark-
haired man, apparently of about forty-odd, alert in
manner, and athletic-looking. I found out later that
he was close on sixty.

  "Hullo! What has happened, Weatherly?” he
asked at once, when he saw the ravished strong-
room.

  "I’m damned if I know, Lord Almeric,” said the
captain, with a finger pointed at the spoiled door,
"but that’s the chief thing that has happened. How
it came about—well—here’s your pilot, Mr. Boon,
and his friend, Mr. Lamont. They’ve got a story
that’ll take your breath away.”

  “Kind of you to put your machine at my dis-
posal, Mr. Boon,” said Lord Almeric. “I’m afraid
you’ve had a cold flight. Very sporting of you to
accompany him, Mr. Lamont. I'm grateful to you
both. And now—this story?”

  Between us Dan and I told of the Wall Street
robberies, of our theories, and of our coming to
the Paraassic. Lord Almeric asked a shrewd ques-
tion or two, then Sir Peter gave a fuller account
of the stopping of the ship.

  “I am very much a layman in aeronautical mat-
ters,” Lord Almeric said when we had finished,
“and I do not know if there are any other points
to be made for or against your idea of the airship—
beyond those you make yourselves. I must say you
put a fair case, which is considerably strengthened
by this act of piracy. Whatever may be the mode of
operation, we are certainly faced by a remarkable
organization. But I should not, if I were you,
Weatherly, dismiss the possibility of the gold still
remaining on the ship. I suggest that a thorough
search be made of the ship and of the passengers’
baggage. You will not, ^of course, except iny

luggage from examination-”

“Surely, Lord Almeric—” the captain protested.
“I insist,” said the other, “and I am sure that
Miss Torrance will say the same. Miss Torrance,”
he explained to me—"if you can take her—is your

other passenger, my niece and secretary.”

  "Only too glad, Lord Almeric,” said I, a little taken
aback at the idea of carrying a woman. "But I'm
afraid we damaged the starboard float getting
aboard, and if we have to come down on the way
back—well—it'll be a bit inconvenient. We’ll get
wet, at least.”

  "You don’t anticipate a forced descent, Mr.
Boon?”

  “No,” I said, “but you never know your luck.
Then there’s the difficulty of taking off from the

awning-”

  “Bless my soul,” said Lord Almeric, "you don’t
mean to say that you put your seaplane aboard on
the awning?”

  “I did—and I’m afraid I’ve ripped off some of
your canvas, Sir Peter, in doing it.”

  “I’ll worry about that, young man,” the captain
said, “when somebody has ripped a slab off the
strong-room door, and ripped five million florins
off my ship!”

  He glared at the damaged door, tugging his little
beard the while as if to drag from it some solution
of the mystery.

  "Fifty years I’ve been at sea,” he said thickly,
“man and boy, and, by thunder, I’ve never come
across anything like it! It’s bewildering—exasperat-
ing—God, it’s heart-breaking! On my ship—Lord
Almeric—on my ship! The disgrace of it!”

  “Peter Weatherly,” his lordship said, with some-
thing that was good to hear in his voice, “this
piracy concerns me, as a governor of the Bank of
England, very nearly—and I can tell you that for
my own part not one atom of blame attaches to
you.”

  “But I stopped the ship, my lord, and gave the
blighters their chance!”

  "For Heaven’s sake, Peter.” Lord Almeric said in
an altered tone—equally good to hear—“get the
ridiculous notion out of your head that anybody is
going to pick a bone with you over anything you’ve
done!”

  He went over and put a hand on the sailor’s
shoulder to shake him.

  “Be assured, old friend,” he said. “It will take
more than this to shake the clean record of fifty
years!”

  “But it’s such an exasperating thing! It leaves
a fellow so helpless! I’m going through the ship
with a fine sieve presently, but I feel it in my bones
that whoever has swiped the kopecks has got clean
away. Still, it has to be done. We can’t leave any-
thing to chance.”

  “That is right,” said Lord Almeric. "And now. I
suppose I’d better be getting a start made. I shall
nut what you say to Miss Torrance. Mr. Boon—
but if I know anything of her, it won’t deter her
from joining us. But you must have some break-
fast-”

  “There’s plenty to eat on the Merlin, Lord Al-
meric,” said I, “and if the lady is coming, and won’t
mind picnicking for once—why, we’ll get away as
soon as Sir Peter will permit us.”

  "I shall have to go over your boat for form’s
sake,” said Sir Peter. “Come along. I’ll do it now,
and then we’ll see what we can do to get you off
without mishap,”
THE ARK OF THE COVENANT

31

Another Blow

Fr WAS difficult to imagine, when we were on
deck again, that only half an hour gone the ship
had been peopled by folk apparently* dead. The sea-
men were washing the decks and going about their
ordinary work pretty much as if nothing had hap-
pened. If there was a tendency to get to work in
pairs, it was nothing to notice, and the demeanour
of the men spoke well for the discipline Sir Peter
kept on his ship.

  “By thunder, young fellow,” said the captain,
when he saw how the seaplane lay, “you're not
lacking in nerve! It must have been a ticklish busi-
ness.” And he added vulgarly: “She’s as snug as a
a bug in a rug!”

  “It'll be a job to get her off,” said I. “I hope
you won't mind putting on a few of your hands to
turn her, sir?”

  “As many as you want,” he said, “or as many
as the awning will hold and bear the weight off.
I'll take a look inside—so that 1 can give you clear-
ance papers-”

  He went up into the body of the machine, while
1 had a look at what Milliken was doing. Stout
fellow that he is, he had rousted out the ship’s
smith, and together they had patched up the float
where the aluminum had parted from the frame-
work. If a little cockled, the float was as seaworthy
as ever.

  Sir Peter came down from the cabin, and opened
the floats.

  “I have to do it,” he apologized, “£or your sake
as well as my own.”

  “That’s all right, sir—and if when you get to New
York you need any help in giving evidence to the
police, you'll find me at the National Metallurgical
Bank—Mr. Lamont and my mechanic, too.”
"Thanks, young man,” said the sailor. “Now
about these hands you want. Here you—Clarke!”
lie said to a seaman who was standing by. “Nip
along to the officer on duty. My compliments, and
will he kindly muster as many hands aft as he can
spare?”

  “Aye, aye, sir!”

  I will say for the British seaman that he is a
handy fellow. The Merlin was no small weight, but
Milliken and a quartermaster, with the aid of a
score of men and a few rollers, soon had the sea-
plane round with her engine pointing to sea on the
port quarter. It was now a question whether we
should risk taking off with our passengers aboard
or get safely afloat—which was not at all a certain-
ty—and pick them up from one of the ship’s boats.
Lord Almeric appeared with his secretary, and

she—well-

  If I had thought of the secretary at all. I had
thought of her as one of those efficient women,
hard, competent—the sort of woman one can ad-
mire for qualities one would rather see in men.
But Miss Torrance was just sheer girl. The littlest
thing, until you got a good look at her. and then
you saw that it was her ways rather than her size
that gave the impression. She had the same clean
look as my Merlin—silver and blue—only her hair
was gold—and there was nothing the least bit cold
.•’bout her. I was willing to bet that she was as com-
petent as any he-woman alive, for when I took hold
of her neat little hand on Lord Almeric’s intro-

duction. I was reminded somehow of Milliken’s
clever fist.

  I spoke to Lord Almeric about taking off.

  “I take it that you don't think you’ll come a
purler?” he asked.

  “There's a good chance that we may,” said I. “I
shouldn’t like to have a lady aboard-”

  “You will make me feel extremely uncomfortable,
Mr. Boon,” Miss Torrance interposed, “if you don't
treat me exactly as you would a man. We won't
sink, if we do capsize?”

  “Oh, no."

  “Then it seems to me that we ought to risk it.
Sir Peter has been delayed enough without having
to put off a boat for me. Please don’t consider me."

  I looked into her eyes. She was as genuine as
the Koh-i-noor.

  “Thank you,” I said. “Will you please step
aboard, then?”

  We said our good-byes, and we all climbed
aboard save Milliken, who stood on a float to swing
the propeller and' to give the signal for release.
The score of men took hold of her wherever they
could. Milliken swung the propeller. Contact! Full
throttle. The Merlin gathered strength and began to
slide. I waited until the ship began to rise on our
side, then dropped my hand to Milliken—and we
shot out over the water. Next moment we were
circling the Parnassic to a cheer that was led by Sir
Peter Weatherly himself, who stood sturdily on his
damaged awning, and waved his braided cap in
hearty farewell. The great ship began to gather way
as we sped ahead of her.

  Milliken climbed through the hatch with his
usual air of complete calm, and began to be busy
with hampers of food. Presently, eating a sandwich
the while, he silently ousted me from the pilot's
seat so that I might break my fast.

  Naturally the main topic of conversation as we
ate sandwiches and drank hot coffee was the pi-
ratical raid on the liner, but we soon exhausted
the subject for lack of explanation of the mys-
terious sleep, and Miss Torrance then wanted to
know what everything on the Merlin was for. Old
Milliken, with a grin all over his ferocious mug,
nodded at the wireless set. It was a bright idea
and, having lowered the aerial. I fixed the receivers
over her ears, switching into the phone attachment.

  “I can hear some one talking,” she laughed de-
lightedly, “and lie's got the loveliest gruff voice!
Oh, take this quick, somebody—something has
happened to another ship!”

  I stopped her from taking off the cap, and
switched into the open receiver.

  “Yes, sir!" came the harsh voice, with an un-
mistakable New England twang. “U. S. oil-carry-
ing steamer, Westbury. We were slowed down by a
red riding-light floating ahead of us, and a message
came from the battleship Argonne. telling us to
heave to because of danger ahead. At eight bells of
the middle watch, sir. Since then we don't know a
deni thing of anything, except that our forrard tank
is short of three thousand litres of the highest grade
aviation spirit by the gauge. Yes, sir. And there
ain’t a man on the ship, sir, that can say what was
doin’ in the last two hours. An' what I wanna
know, sir, is—what the roustin' hell’s bells of
Jeeroosalum the U-nited States navy’s plain’ at
(Continued on page 87)
   Somehow the momentum of the islands could not be ehcekcd. Edge to edge they met. The
detonation was deafening . . . Blue, green and yellow fire enmeshed them for a moment before the
great mass rushed down.

  32
CHAPTER I
An Astounding Plan

          E CAN control the laws of gravitation
          and perform new miracles.”

            My good friend, Professor Gustave
 Steiner, was speaking, and for that
 reason 1 pondered his remarkable words.

   "Such an attainment would overshadow all else
 in the realms of science,” I observed casually.

   “Already the problem has been mastered,” as-
 serted the professor solemnly.

   I gave him a startled look. He gazed back with
 calm assurance, stroking his pointed beard as
 was his way when discussing a serious subject.
 Had his astounding declaration come from any
 other source I would have treated it. as the idle
 mutterings of a diseased mind.

“Has been mastered?” I repeated incredulously.

   The professor nonchalantly lit a cigar, puffed
 silently a moment and eyed me speculatively.

   "Absolutely mastered,” he answered finally. I
 stared. “But it will take capital to perfect the
 system,” he added timidly.

   1 understood the professor. He reversed the time-
 honored maxim by having more brains than money.
 Still I could not help reasoning that this time his
 mighty intellect had slipped a cog. How could
 one upset the basic law of the universe? It was
 impossible, absurd. However, the savants of two
 continents did obeisance to Professor Stiener. The
 furore caused by his lecture on cosmic energy,
 delivered at Heidelberg, was still fresh in mind.

   “I see, my boy, that you doubt my claim,” he
 went on presently.

   “It is so astonishing.”

   The professor smiled tolerantly. “It is not as-
 tonishing when you know how to harness the
 forces of nature, my boy.” He rubbed his hands
 together gleefully. “A few known principles well
 chosen, an opportunity—and there you have it.”

   “And you have overcome the gravitational pull
 of mother earth?”

   “Nothing of the kind,
 my dear boy; I have
 but neutralized it.”

 “Why, man alive,” I
 cried, “such a thing
 would send this old
 globe wobbling through
 space like a drunken
 man — leaderless and
 beyond control.”

   “Precisely. But I pro-
 pose to control gravita-
 tion locally.”

   Again I stared. Was
 the professor going
 crazy? Was he break-
 ing under the strain of
 overwork ? I recalled
 his sister Greta’s re-
 mark to me that she

LOWELL HOWARD MORROW

 feared some day
 he would lose his
 mind, inasmuch as
 both his father and
 his grand father
 had ended their
 days in a mad-
 house. But as I
 gazed steadily in-
 to his calm blue
 eyes I read no
 sign of insanity
 there. Nothing but
 steadfast c o n f i-
 dence.

  “Locally,” I
 echoed at last,
 staring at him
 blankly. “And for
 what purpose?”

   “To build islands in the sky.”

   “Islands!” I gasped.

  “To be sure, my boy. Do you not realize the
 need of such things? Airplanes are creatures of
 the air—are they not? Therefore they should fuel
 in the air, and the beacons set to guide their
 course should shine in the element through which
 they pass.”

   “That is true,” I assented, catching a faint glim-
 mering of his stupendous scheme. “But what is
 to hold your islands in place and keep them from
 blowing away? And will they not become a serious
 menace to air travel rather than an aid?”

   “By no means,” he replied confidently. “I will
 not only control gravitation, I will also use its
 force as a repellent.”

   “A repellent?”

   “Exactly.” The professor drew his chair nearer
 and leaned toward me with shining eyes, his hands
 spread out comprehensively. “Instead of attracting
 objects to its center the earth must be made to
 repel them,” he continued in a low voice, glancing
 furtively about the brilliantly lighted room, then
 at the open windows where the breeze stirred the
 curtains lazily. "I have invented what I call a grav-
 ity repeller, which causes the gravitation lines of

 J-JERE is one of the most extraordinary air stories
 ^ -*■ that we have read in a long while. It is sure to
 arouse your wonder and excitement.

   One of the important and most revolutionary in-
 ventions, which is sure to come about sooner or
 later, is the control of gravitation. When we have
 conquered gravitation, man will be set free in
 earnest.

   The slavery of weight, which chains us to this
 planet and to the ground, is far more serious than
 we appreciate, simply because we have always been
 “earthbound". But, sooner or later, it will be pos-
 sible to bring about such conditions as our author
 describes so vividly in this excellent short story.
 When it does, aviation will be helped tremendously,
 and indeed the conditions of our entire world will
 be revolutionized literally.

A

 force to bend through
 180° and lift an object
 away from the earth
 with the same force
 that it would ordinari-
 ly be attracted.”

   “I understand,” I said
 doubtfully.

   “Well, then we have
 only to perfect my de-
 vice and operate it on
 a large scale.”

  “But that would
 throw the world out of
 balance and destroy all
 life.”

  “Don’t be alarmed,
 my boy,” went on the
 professor, smiling com-
 placently, “as I have

33
34

Aid WONDER STORIES

intimated I do not propose a blanket control. I
shall tap this energy only in spots for the benefit
of my—that is—our islands.”

The Professor’s Fear

npHE professor’s face glowed with enthusiasm
as he looked at me. I saw that he was looking
to me for funds to further his experiment. As the
goddess of fortune had blessed me with more than
iny share of riches and 1 loved the eccentric profes-
sor 1 listened sympathetically. 1 may say that my
interest was somewhat heightened by my friendship
for Greta, who was a skillful air pilot and who had
given me many pleasurable rides in her plane which
embodied many of the professor’s radical ideas of
airplane construction.

  "What do you want me to do?” I encouraged.
"Well, Walnut Ridge is a good place to start.”
"Walnut Ridge—why that is away out in the
wilderness.”

  "Of course, but that is where we want to start—
away from everybody. You see I have not been
idle since coming to America. While you were away
on business I was out looking the ridge over. I
would buy and fence a section of the west end of
the ridge perhaps a half mile in length by a quarter
of a mile in width. There would be machinery to
install, you understand, and an island to manu-
facture—perhaps many of them.”

  Again I stared at my friend, and he smiled back
in his inscrutable, confident way.

  "And the islands—what will you do with them?”
"1 shall place them in the sky and anchor them.”
This was too much for my sense of humor and
1 laughed in spite of myself. Manufacturing islands
and anchoring them in the sky was such a ridi-
culous proposition that I treated it as a big joke.
But now the professor was frowning and a cold
light flamed in his eyes.

  “You think me joking,” he said with quiet dignity,
“but 1 am not. Already 1 have proved my theory.”
"Forgive me,” I said contritely. "But my God,
man,” I added, "your proposition fairly stuns me.
It will revolutionize aviation, astronomy—every-
thing pertaining to the heaven above us. Have you
worked it out alone and does no one know your
secret ?”

  A shadow came over Professor Stiener’s fair face.
For a long minute he looked down at the floor,
then raised his head with a jerk.

  "I believe that no one has stumbled onto this
thing but me. However, there is Van Beck. You
know something about that confounded Dutchman,
how that while I have worked with him and dis-
covered much for the benefit of our fellowmen, he
also has pestered me, often garnering the fruits of
my toil. You know how he has disputed my claims
on several occasions while posing as my friend.
The devil take him. I wish I was sure.”

  Professor Van Beck, a small, wiry man with a
bristling black beard, was Professor Stiener's clos-
est rival in the realms of science. The men, differing
widely, still had much in common and had been
closely associated in Europe before Van Beck took
up his residence in the United States. But always
Van Beck had managed to gather most of the
rewards to himself. And now that I had invited
Professor Stiener and his sister to make me a long
visit, the irony of fate had guided him to the faculty

of the university where the great Dutchman labored.

  “You haven't said anything about this to Van
Beck?”

  “Not a word. But he is always trying to worm
something out of me. You know what a persistent
way he has—his strange personality—you like him
and yet you hate him. And last week while I was
conducting my experiments out on the ridge I spied
a fellow far across the valley looking in my di-
rection through a field glass.”

  I certainly sympathized with Professor Stiener’s
efforts to stop his rival. The little Dutch scientist
seemed to exercise some sort of an influence over
Greta. She was often seen in his company and al-
ways took his part whenever he was held up to
scorn by her celebrated brother.

  “Your words imply that there is much still to be
done; that you have proved only that the theory is
feasible.”

"That is just it, my boy—perfectly feasible.”

  And then drawing his chair still nearer the
professor told in low tones many of the details of
his marvelous plans, but as he talked on his voice
rose on a wave of enthusiasm and more than once
I had to caution him for fear some servant might
overhear.

  The night was far advanced when at last he
finished and rose to retire. His face shone with
ardent hope as he bade me good night and ascended
the stairs. I stared after him until he passed from
view, and then too much upset by his astounding
revelations to sleep I went out to take a turn or
two about the lawn in an effort to get the thing
thoroughly analyzed before committing myself to
sponsor a scheme that seemed to be the most im-
possible thing ever conceived by the mind of man.

  As I went down the porch steps I fancied I heard
a slight scraping noise from the direction of my
study window. I looked that way and for a moment
thought I saw a vague shadowy form emerge from
the deeper shadows and disappear over the porch
railing. But as the sky was overcast and the gloom
deep in that particular quarter I dismissed the
notion.

  For more than an hour I paced up and down the
drives and across the lawn thinking over the
professor’s words. The result of it all was that I
finally concluded to back him financially.

CHAPTER II

The Secret of Walnut Ridge

WE HAD no difficulty purchasing the de-
sired tract on Walnut Ridge. We en-
closed it with a high, woven wire fence
topped by five strands of barbed wire. Our
workmen were selected carefully, housed to
keep their mouths shut. As secretly as pos-
sible the material of divers sorts was collected
on the ridge and the actual work of construction
began. The few reporters and other curious humans
that found their way out through the wilderness to
the plant were sent on the wrong trail by the report
that we were about to test out special iron mining
machinery and make borings for other minerals.

  While our electricians under the able direction
of a little red-headed Scotchman named McCann
were familiar with all the workings of the intricate
marhinerv. motors, transformers and so on, no one
ISLANDS IN THE AIK

35

understood the complete working principle save the
professor himself, although McCann, being canny
and deep, I credited with understanding more than
he let on. Certain it is that the professor was in
love with him and trusted him implicitly. The
professor was everywhere, tireless, secretive and
often provoking. Sometimes he worked far into the
night when all others had sought their beds.

  As for myself I wandered about from one section
to another in a maze of doubt and wonder. The
whole thing was too deep for me, and I thought so
much on the subject that it began to rob me of
my sleep. Besides, the Professor's taciturnity final-
ly began to irritate me. Although I was furnishing
all the money he did not offer to divulge the inner
secrets of his scheme. My wonder was intensified
as the sky islands, two in number and located one
near each end of the enclosure, began to take form.
These islands were fashioned out of structural steel,
were square in form and about one hundred yards
from rim to rim. Although their superstructure was
built of light-weight materials, each must have
weighed many thousands of tons burdened as they
were with machinery of many kinds—oscillators,
condensers, motors and divers other machines
whose names and offices were known only to the
Professor.

  Besides the machines on the islands, others were
sheltered by small buildings on the ground. At three
corners of each island were short mastheads with
powerful lights and at the fourth rose a taller mast-
head bearing a revolving airplane beacon. I knew
that the Professor proposed to raise this great mass
into the air by wireless control, to suspend it there
and raise and lower it at will. Having had the
theory dinned into my ears for many days I natural-
ly absorbed some of the faith of its inventor, but
as the work progressed I began to have misgivings
and to fear that, after all, his mind was unbalanced.

  Of course the public was not admitted to the
grounds. I began to suspect that many doubted
the iron machinery story, for several reporters and
photographers finally came to visit us and were
turned away with a sharp rebuke.

  One of our first tasks consisted of clearing a
landing field, after which Greta always brought the
Professor and me over in her plane—a remarkable
machine in its way. Although she did not under-
stand these air islands any more than I. she criti-
cized the Professor for evolving them and was
sceptical of their success.

  We heard and saw little of Van Beck, but Greta
saw him often—as I afterward learned. Then one
day she swooped down suddenly out of the sky,
climbed from the cabin of the plane and was
followed by Van Beck.

  Professor Stiener glared, but Van Beck grinned
amiably through his black, bushy beard.

  "Sir, you must know that you are not wanted
here,” fumed the Professor. He turned savagely to
Greta. “What is the meaning of this, Greta?”

  "Why Professor Van Beck is an old friend.” she
said innocently. “I just landed here without think-
ing. I beg your pardon, Gustave. We will be going.”

  Greta made for the plane. Just then McCann ran
up with a blue print and asked the Professor a
question.

  “Certainly, certainly,” chimed in Van Beck.

“We do not wish to trespass.”

  The professor had been poring over a large blue
print spread open in the sun when he rose to rebuke
his Dutch friend. Now he walked away with
McCann and 1 followed. We were absent but a few
minutes, and when we turned back instead of seeing
Van Beck getting into the plane I observed him
turning away from the blue print and I thought
I saw him hastily thrust a black object into the
capacious pocket of his long black duster. There
were no workmen near at the time and as I had no
witnesses and could not be sure I resolved to say
nothing about it. Smiling graciously Van Beck
ambled to the plane, took his seat by Greta’s side
and they were off with a wave of the hand.

  The Professor was furious over the unexpected
visit.

  “What is Greta thinking about?” he stormed.
“Has she no respect for her brother and his work?
Please God he didn’t learn anything—but maybe
he did,” he added fearfully. “He has a devilish way
of learning things. What do you think?”

  I assured him I did not think it likely any of our
secrets had leaked out in so short a space of time.
And I was in no amiable mood. Van Beck seemed
to be exercising an hypnotic influence over Greta
and 1 resented it bitterly. However, shortly after-
ward I had reason to be thankful for the episode
and the resultant lecture which the Professor gave
Greta. She was seen less often in Van Beck’s
company and devoted herself closer to me and the
work of her eccentric brother. Nor did we see any
more of Van Beck nosing around. He was seen but
little about town and seemed to keep pretty close
to the class room. Near mid-summer we heard he
had obtained a vacation and had gone abroad for
a time.

  The Professor breathed a sigh of relief. We are
rid of him for a time,” he said gratefully. “Before
he returns the danger will be past.”

A Disappearance

WEEK after week rolled away, the mellow
days of September were at hand and the
islands were nearing completion. Then one morning
as the Professor and I stepped from the plane we
were met by McCann with the startling intelligence
that the office had been entered during the night,
but a cursory examination had revealed nothing
disturbed.

  The Professor stared blankly a moment, then
rushed away to the office. We followed breathlessly.

  The outer door had been forced, its lock being
broken, but beyond this no damage had been done
so far as we could discover. Anxiously we ran
over the papers—not a print was missing.

  "Nothing gone,” said the Professor. “Yet the
place has been entered. What for?”

  "Perhaps the thief was frightened away before he
could grab anything,” I suggested.

  “I don’t see how he got in,” said McCann. “I
have made sure that every guard was at his post
throughout the night.”

  "I hold you personally responsible, McCann,”
said the Professor severely. “See that it doesn’t
happen again.” And with that he turned and walked
away leaving McCann with a crestfallen air.

  I felt sorry for the Scotchman. He seemed dp-
voted to the Professor, and I. believed the rebuke
to be undeserved.
36

AIR WONDER STORIES

  The ridge which the Professor had selected for
his daring experiment was the center of an un-
broken wilderness far remote from any human
habitation. It was fifty miles from the university,
and was a land of no roads and but few dim trails.
The ridge dropped away to the north and to the
south in a series of valleys heavily clothed in virgin
timber. It was admirably situated for a secret
enterprise. The vicinity was never visited save by
hunters, and this was not the hunting season. Even
the route of the mail planes was far to the north.

  One night not long after the forced entrance to
the office McCann disappeared. The chief electri-
cian had called at his office as usual the next
morning. He was not there. Nor could he be found
anywhere on the grounds. As it was against the
rules for any one to leave the premises under any
circumstances, without a permit from the Professor,
we stared in blank dismay. A careful search of the
surrounding woods brought no clue. We followed
up a rumor that he had been seen in his car driving
out of the city at daybreak, but we could not
verify it.

  The Professor, wild with suspense, anxiety and
remorse for having criticised his faithful aid,
rummaged among his papers and discovered that
the blue prints covering secret parts of one of his
giant condensers were missing.

  The scene that followed I will not attempt to
describe. The Professor lost his head. He raved
like a madman, condemning everybody, threatening
everybody. He said he would give up the work,
commit suicide and be through with it all. But at
length he grew calm, asked my pardon for the
outburst and ordered the work to go on.

  “I simply can’t believe that McCann is a traitor,
Bob,” said the Professor. "I’d stake my life on his
faithfulness. He may be ill. He may be wandering
about with an unbalanced mind. You know this
work always did affect him profoundly. He has a
great brain, and I really believe that he under-
stands this work as well as I do. It is a pity if
he has become unbalanced. But sane or not I fear
his absence means trouble for us.”

  The revelations of the next few days seemed to
justify the Professor’s alarm. The press of the city
carried big black headlines announcing that Profes-
sor Stiener, the great German scientist, was at work
on a theory calculated to upset one of nature’s
laws. The exact nature of the scheme was not
known, but it was said to portend a mighty revolu-
tion in air travel.

  The Professor read the news and smiled grimly.
He was pleased by the compliment, yet fearful of
the public’s premature praise.

  It was about the middle of October when one
morning the Professor and I, walking along the
street near the university campus, suddenly came
face to face with Van Beck.

  “My dear old pal,” said the Dutchman, taking
the Professor’s hand which had not been offered
and squeezing it cordially. “I have just returned
from a visit to my old home across the sea. Yes,”
he went on eagerly without waiting for the ques-
tion, “I had a fine time—a very fine time.” The
Professor smiled sourly. “And now may I ask how
you are coming on with your—that is—er—this
new scheme of yours?”

  The Professor frowned. “I remember your un-

invited visit, Van Beck,” he said icily.

  “Beg pardon, Professor Stiener. Greta took me
to that wilderness retreat. It was a mere accident
on my part, I assure you. But now that I know
something tremendous is being evolved by your
great brain I naturally am anxious over it and I
wish you well.”

  “Thanks, Van Beck.”

  “Often you and I have worked together and to-
gether have reaped the reward.”

  "You mean you have reaped it,” rasped the
Professor.

  “You wrong me,” remonstrated Van Beck.

  “I don’t want your help, Van Beck. My good
friend here, Bob Bookman, is furnishing the funds
and—”

  “To be sure, to be sure,” cut in Van Beck pleas-
antly. “I am glad for your sake and for Mr.
Bookman’s sake. It is a rare privilege to aid in
any work of yours.”

  “We are busy,” said the Professor ignoring the
compliment. “You must excuse us.”

  “Certainly, Professor Stiener. But if at any time
you feel the need of assistance you know you can
count on me.”

  “Damn that infernal Dutchman,” said the Pro-
fessor as we walked on. “He has a great mind, a
wonderful mind, but he is a rogue. And yet,” he
added reflectively, “he has served me in the past
though he also has beaten me. I despise him and
still like him. But I wish he’d let me alone now,”
he finished irritably.

  This was a vain hope, for during the next few
days Van Beck crossed the Professor’s path fre-
quently, became more insistent, more diplomatic
in his search for information, taking the Professor’s
rebuffs with a smile and maintaining an air of the
utmost friendliness. And at length he wormed the
main secret from the Professor—the momentous
admission that the latter was striving to overcome
the laws of gravitation.

CHAPTER III

Into the Air!

IT WAS not long afterward that the loca-
tion of our plant became known to the
public. A strange plane, flying low, circled
the field and took its own time getting away.
People eagerly responded to its news. During the
next week automobiles by the thousand braved
the rocky trails leading to the plant, and folks by
the hundreds peered curiously through the wire
fence at the manifold and mysterious preparations
to harness nature’s mighty forces.

  The newspapers of the entire country teemed
with conjectures and declarations as wild and fan-
tastic as the Professor’s scheme itself.

  Airplanes began to circle and maneuver above us
during every hour of the day and night. But we
spread canvasses over the most important machin-
ery where the men worked unobserved.

  By the fifteenth of November everything was at
last complete. I shall never forget the day, the
crazy delight of the Professor as he went about
testing the intricate machines, the air of awe and
mystery that kept the workmen silent, and my own
wonder, enthusiasm and yet doubt that the experi-
ment would succeed. Thus far the project had cost
ISLANDS IN THE AIR

37

me a mint of money which I did not begrudge, if
the thing only proved a success. But how could
such a thing succeed?

  I roamed about over the great artificial island,
looking over the wonderful oscillators, condensers,
transformers, and so on. I knew their office but
vaguely, knowing only that they transmitted the
power to operate the gravity deflector. Their
number and size were bewildering surrounded as
they were by divers other machinery whose nature
I could not guess.

  At each corner and in its center the island rested
on a solid copper pier ten feet in height and about
a foot in diameter, and at the points of contact on
the island itself were magnet-like apparatus. On
the ground near each pier was a dynamo whose
current was supplied by a central power-house.
There were also many amplifiers and projectors of
peculiar construction. The whole fabric beneath
my feet with its network of wires and steel and
machinery was so heavy that the idea of projecting
it into the sky and holding it there suspended like
a great captive balloon without the aid of gas or
lifting wings appalled me. Only my faith in the
Professor’s uncanny power made me hope it might
succeed.

  Not a plane was to be seen in the sky save
Greta’s which kept diving and circling far above us,
and it was still too early for the curious crowds
from town. Except the workmen, the Professor
and myself there was not a soul in sight. The
Professor confided to me that he was glad we were
alone. I understood. If the thing should fail he
would save himself from the ridicule of the world.

  When all was in readiness the Professor, looking
very grave and a little pale, beckoned to me silently,
and I followed him up the ladder on board the
island. He had just been over the whole thing
thoroughly and had given last minute instructions
to his engineers.

  “If anything happens, Bob,” he said quietly,
“Greta will pick us up with the plane. But I don’t
look for anything untoward to happen,” he added
confidently.

  We paused near the center of the island. The
Professor gave a final look around and over this
marvelous child of his brain.

  “God, how I wish McCann were here to share
the glory with us,” he said sadly. “Poor McCann,
some dire tragedy must have overtaken him. I
would give anything now to recall my harsh
words.”

  Then he put a whistle to his lips and blew shrilly.
For the fraction of a second nothing happened, then
the fabric beneath us trembled. There was a hiss,
a sputter, an upward flash of fire, a shower of
sparks through the frame-work, a drone of the
dynamos, like the hum of a million bees, and we
began to move. Slowly, almost imperceptibly at
first, then we shot upward with sickening sudden-
ness. Up, up we went on a level keel. I felt but
a slight tremor and only the rush of air proclaimed
that we were rushing heavenward with terrible
speed.

  The Professor grabbed me and hugged me in
a frenzy of joy, for the time being too much over-
come to speak. And all I could do was to stare
at him in speechless wonder. Suddenly he drew
back and touched a button on the corner mast.

Instantly our motion was arrested. The island
rocked gently a few times, then came to rest with-
out a jar. The altimeter showed us to be up one
thousand feet. Looking down through the steel
work I saw the workmen staring up at us. There
we rode in the air as steady as a duck on a mill-
pond, sustained by the invisible force of gravitation.

  Greta landed her plane, rushed up and embraced
her brother.

  “Oh, Gustave,” she cried, “I did not think you
could do it—I am so sorry that I ever doubted you;
that I—” She paused as she looked away a dark
shadow in her eyes.

  “Never mind,” said the Professor.

  “Oh, Bob, isn’t this wonderful?" she said turning
to me.

  “It is more than that. At a time like this, words
fail us.”

  “I am wondering whether I dare try a little
stunt,” said the Professor. “And do you folks know
that we could go 011 up to the moon if we wanted
to?” he added mysteriously. “But enough for to-
day. We will return to the earth. I see other and
greater marvels just ahead of us.”

  As the girl and I gazed in awe at this remark-
able man he manipulated the machinery again
and we descended slowly and easily landing exactly
on the points of the piers. The workmen clustered
around their employer showering him with con-
gratulations.

The Professor Triumphant

ELL, that night I couldn’t sleep for thinking
of that wonderful exploit and the fact that
the Professor hinted at other wonders hidden up
his sleeve. Would man ultimately conquer all the
laws of the universe? Was there no limit to his
power? Preposterous as it seemed I answered these
amazing questions in the affirmative. Fulfilling the
scriptures, man was to become as gods.

  And now the Professor, athrill with triumph and
enthused over the future outlook of his aerial
islands, invited everybody to come out into the
wilderness and witness man’s latest conquest over
mother nature.

  The day was set and widely advertised. Scien-
tists from all over America were tendered special
invitations, as well as many statesmen. The pro-
fessor sent Van Beck a messenger urging him to
be present.

 The whole nation was dumfounded by the
announcement, but almost every one treated the
matter as a huge hoax and questioned Professor
Stiener’s sanity.

  But they came by thousands—coming by plane
and automobile, on horseback and 011 foot. The
woods surrounding the high fence was black with
people. But, of course, no one was permitted in-
side the fence. Even Professor Van Beck, who
seemed to consider himself a special guest, was
forced to peer through the fence and reach between
its wires to give the Professor the handclasp of
congratulation.

  “My dear Professor,” he said with an injured
air. “one would think you would make an exception
in the case of an old pal.”

  "There can be no exceptions,” replied the Pro-
fessor tartly.
38

AIR WONDER STORIES

  “Do you expect forever to keep this great secret
locked in your own breast?”

  “Until every feature is protected by patent," re-
turned the Professor meaningly.

  I could see that this answer cut Van Beck to
the quick, but he said nothing and in a minute he
moved away shaking his head and mingled with
the crowd.

  The demonstration was a success in every way.
Both islands were raised simultaneously. They
were partly lowered, then raised again alternately,
shot into the air until they appeared as small dark
specks in the blue sky. And finally they were
landed safely and noiselessly on their piers.

  The Professor was wild with enthusiasm and joy.
He bowed again and again as the milling crowds
cheered madly. Often he ran over to Van Beck
where he stood with his face pressed against the
wire and boasted of the complete success of his
great venture. It was plain to be seen that the
Professor was gloating over the Dutchman. At last
he had succeeded in making and utilizing a great
discovery without his butting in. But Van Beck
did not stint his praise.

  "I rejoice with you, my friend,” he said heartily.
“Great wealth and endless fame arc yours. It is
marvelous, marvelous—and it is just.”

  The immense crowd left reluctantly. Long after
nightfall knots of excited and awe-struck people
lingered about the refreshment stands and stood
peering curiously through the fence discussing the
miracle which had taken place before their eyes.

  But there was a fly in the ointment of the
Professor’s happiness—he bitterly regretted that
McCann was not there to witness the climax of
his work.

  Owing to the success of the demonstration and the
fact that the press of the entire country had spread
its description far and wide, the Professor seized
the opportunity to launch a stock company to
exploit his invention whose scope and possibilities,
he averred, were well nigh limitless. But he pointed
out that its initial work would be in the field of
the airplane. A line of his islands would be placed
along every plane route. Machines would refuel and
make repairs in the air. In the air. the islands
would act as guideposts by day, and at night -their
beacons would flash out to cheer and guide the
aviators on their way. Should storms arise the
islands would be shot above the storm, and here in
a haven of refuge the plane could rest and make
necessary adjustments and repairs if need be. Its
passengers could leave the cabin for a few minutes,
walk about and procure refreshments and many
luxuries right on the island.

  “And that is not all the wonders I have in mind,”
said the Professor with shining eyes as he unfolded
the plan to me. “Think of an airplane without any
motive power. I am not thinking of gliders,” he
added with a deprecatory wave of the hand. “I am
thinking of an airplane sailing through the air with-
out any motor or other visible means of locomotion,
controlled by power stations on earth which can
be fifty miles or more apart, through the medium
of my device located on the plane. The future
plane, disabled in the air, will not fall like a
plummet and crash, or have to glide down and
make a forced landing for repairs," he went on
eagerly. “It simply will radio to the nearest hangar

island, a repair plane will then slip off through the
air, hitch to the nose of the disabled plane and
tow it to the island just the same as cripped autos
are now towed to a garage."

  Accustomed as T was to listening to the wonder-
ful plans of my friend I could only sit and stare
dumbly over this new scheme. Where would that
mighty brain finally lead this man? And for the
first time I began to fear the final results of his
work. If he were able to perform such miracles
thej' might lead him on and on to new fields and
triumphs until grasping unseen and undreamed of
forces he might innocently usher in a planetary
catastrophe.

CHAPTER IV

Evil Premonitions

THE stock of our company—known as the
Stiener, Bookman Airways Inc.—took the
market by storm. In less than two weeks
every share of both common and preferred was
sold, and had I not been in on the ground floor
with a large block of stock I would have considered
I had lost a great investment.

  Although Van Beck, whenever we ran across
him—which was not often—continued to voice his
praise of the Professor’s latest invention, he took
no stock in the company so far as we were able to
learn. Although the Professor made no complaint
I saw that his pride was hurt.

  During the next week we were head-over-heels
in work. What with perfecting the plans of the
new organization and daily trips out to what the
Professor termed the mother plant we often worked
twenty hours at a stretch without rest. I had put
my whole soul in the venture, as well as most of
my fortune, but the closer I became associated with
the Professor the more secretive and mysterious
he became. I thought I had earned the right to
know the innermost secrets of his plan which was
to revolutionize the world, and Greta agreed with
me. At last I faced his reticence with open rebellion.

  “Tut, tut, my boy,” he said soothingly. “Of course
you have a right to know and you shall know. I
will explain all.”

  “When?” I demanded harshly.

  “Have patience. I have postponed my revelations
to you that 1 might give you other and greater sur-
prises. I will carry out other experiments soon and
then I will make you master of all.”

  “Do you not realize that your delay to give me
all details might easily wreck the whole enterprise?
Suppose you were to die—who would carry on?”
The Professor stroked his beard thoughtfully.
"Perhaps you are right, my boy,” he said at last.
“Something might happen to me and then with my
secret unrevealed posterity would lose a priceless
heritage. Have the plane made ready, Greta.” he
continued turning to his sister. “We will go out to
the plant, and then after I try out another idea of
mine you shall know all, my bov, vou shall know
all.”

  I was athrill with joyous anticipation as we
stepped from the plane beside one of the islands.
Soon the Professor would draw aside the veil and
allow me to view the pulsing heart of this marvel.
And then I confidently told myself I would ask
ISLANDS IN THE AIR

39

Greta the question which long I had wanted to ask.
But there was to be another delay.

  "I don't know whether it will work or not.”
suddenly said the Professor as if to himself. He
began to act queer, jumping about from one thing
to another muttering and shaking his head affirma-
tively. "Maybe I'll smash it” he said finally. "But
we shall see—we shall see. Come, my boy,” he
added turning to me and eyeing me oddly.

  He led the way aboard the island, and Greta
soared into the air. In a few minutes we had risen
to a height of two thousand feet. Then Greta gave
another exhibition of the unique braking system of
her plane by landing on the little field by our side.

  "I am going over to the other island,” announced
the Professor. “I shall send it into the air and
maneuver it horizontally. I will even come over
to visit you, my boy. I shall step from that islaud
onto this one. But if anything should happen to
me” he went on while I gazed at him in astonish-
ment, “you must descend. Just pull this lever down
and forward and press this—” He paused with his
hand on the lever and looked at me steadily. “But
I believe I’ll have you meet me” he continued, his
eyes burning and boring into mine. “It will make
the test complete. Come, Greta, let’s be going.”
He turned and clambered into the plane.

  "Hold on—you have not told me how to meet
you,” I reminded unable to understand the sudden
changes of his mind.

  “Never mind,” he said. "I’ll try out my island
first, then I'll send directions by Greta.”

  In another moment they had zoomed into the air
leaving me alone aboard this strange contrivance
of the sky.

  As they winged away a sudden feeling of loneli-
ness assailed me not unmixed with misgivings. My
eyes roved about me. I had but a vague knowledge
of the mechanism of this craft. Its bewildering
array of wheels and levers and buttons appalled me,
thanks to the Professor's foolish procrastination in
teaching me their use. I wondered what would be-
come of me, marooned here in the air should the
Professor crash and something happen to Greta.
I knew the island could not be lowered from the
ground by any one save the Professor. I looked
below hopelessly. The workmen were only small
dots, and the buildings and equipment of the plant
looked like toys.

  My attention was soon diverted to the Professor
and his island. Majestically he rose into the air
until he was about on a level with me. Then I saw
him hurrying about over the structure, pausing now
and then to oil and examine a machine, to adjust
a lever and try a valve. I took up the binoculars
and watched him closely. I saw that he was nervous,
and the expression on his face alarmed me. His
cheeks were pale, his eyes glowing like red coals
and the motions of his lips told me he was talking
rapidly to himself. I feared that the dreaded
moment long feared by Greta had come at last.

  And then as I gazed I saw about half a mile
beyond the Professor something moving among the
trees. Autumn was tardy in coming and most of
the timber among the evergreens still retained its
foliage though it was splashed with gold. As I
watched the tops of the timber seemed to expand,
to become strangely animated. Then they appeared
to be rising to meet the sky as though they had

suddenly taken on a phenomenal growth.

  I blinked, lowered the glasses and hastily wiped
them with my handkerchief. But as I placed them
again to my eyes I uttered a cry of amazement
and stupefaction, for soaring above the tree tops
was another island of the s\y! And this island carried
trees and shrubs on its bosom. There was grass
there and flowers. At each corner and in the center
were airplane beacons the same as ours, but they
were of a brilliant hue and artistic design.

A Catastrophe

T rubbed my eyes with a trembling hand. What
•W- had come over me to cause this hallucination?
I had thought so much about this sky island busi-
ness, had lost so much sleep over it that the thing
was getting the best of my reason. I surely was
seeing things. That green island over there soaring
into the blue was a mirage, a fantasy of a disordered
brain. I resolved to get a grip on myself and quit
this business before it was too late. But as I stared
again the mirage persisted mockingly, grew plainer
and finally ceased its upward flight and came to
rest. It was then that I suddenly discerned a figure
bobbing about near the corner masthead—a small
man with a bristling black beard. I caught my
breath with a gasp. My God, I was beholding no
mirage but the devilish handiwork of Professor
Stiener’s rival—Van Beck!

  With sickening force the hot truth surged over
me—Van Beck had stolen a march on us, after all.
He had photographed the blue print the day Greta
landed him in her plane. He had broken into the
office, and the report that he had gone abroad was
a lie and a blind. He had stolen the Professor’s
secret and improved it. True to form he was about
to rob the Professor of the fruits of victory. The
thing was unthinkable but there was the evidence
before my eyes.

  And now as I looked closer I saw another man
on the green island. His back was toward me and
he was crouched over some sort of a machine. He
seemed to be working over Van Beck’s directions,
for I saw the latter run up to him every little while
and gesticulate excitedly.

  All this time the Professor was still running
about making everything secure for his coming test.
At last he paused and looked around with an air
of satisfaction. All was ready. And then I ob-
served him suddenly catch sight of his sky neighbor.
I saw his face grow white as chalk, and he stood
for a moment rigid as a statue. Then he placed
a hand to his head in a dazed sort of way. Suddenly
I saw him stagger forward, grip a large lever and
cast his eyes in my direction. I thought he was
about to try out the lateral act, to come over to me
and discuss Van Beck's startling appearance in our
field. In another moment I saw that his island was
indeed moving laterally, but not in my direction.
He was rushing toward Van Bec\!

  Overhead Greta was soaring and dipping and
circling gracefully. I believed that she had not
witnessed the advent of Van Beck and h's island.
I knew she was keeping an eye on her brother;
that she would swoop down and rescue him should
anything go wrong. It was evident that the Pro-
fessor was about to board his rival and demand
an explanation. In the present state of his mind
I feared a battle between the two scientific gen-
40

AIR WONDER STORIES

iuses—a battle that would bring death and ruin to
our cause. Then I saw that Van Beck’s island was
moving—that he was coming on to meet the
Professor!

  “My God, they have both gone crazy!" I ex-
claimed aloud.

  And so it seemed. Even through the glasses I
could see that they were rushing along at tremen-
dous speed, but as they drew near each other Van
Beck gave evidence that he did not wish to commit
suicide, did not wish to fight. Evidently he was
but seeking to show the Professor that he could
equal and duplicate any feat of his. He raised his
island, only to be followed swiftly by the angry
Professor. Van Beck shot down lower, and again
the Professor followed him.

  By this time Greta was flying low above the
Professor, and by her gestures and the agonized
expression on her face I understood that she was
imploring him to check his onward flight, to back
away from his foe and seek safety on the plane.
But the Professor waved her back with a horrible
grimace and turned his blazing eyes toward the
advancing island of green. It was plain that he in-
tended to smash the creation of his rival even
though he himself should perish in the wreckage.
Embittered by years of Van Beck's meddling in his
affairs he would kill him and wipe out the disgrace
on the altar of death. 1 could do nothing to save
him. In my excitement I ran to the very edge of
my island, shouted and waved my arms frantically.
And then as I gazed in the dumb agony of despair
I saw that Van Beck was striving desperately to
avert the catastrophe. He and his companion were
working madly with the machinery, but somehow
the island’s momentum could not be checked. The
machinery had gotten beyond their control, and the
maddened Professor was coming resistlessly on.
Edge to edge they met. The detonation was
deafening. Blue and green and yellow fire enmeshed
them for a moment, then the great mass rushed
down.

  I shut my eyes and reeled backward faint with
horror. I heard an awful crash as they struck. I
looked over the side and as the dust cleared away
among the trees, many of which had impaled the
falling structures, I saw the ruins of the islands.

  Greta was flying wildly about above the ruin
vainly seeking a place to land. Once I saw' the wings
of the plane become entangled in a tree top. She
had difficulty clearing it, and I thought she was
going to crash. I must rush to her aid. I must
hurry down. But how?

  I gazed about me in dismay. The Professor had
delayed the vital information too long. But in my
wild anxiety over Greta and the fate of her brother
I must attempt the descent. I went up to the center
masthead and studied the instrument board care-
fully. After a time I believed that I understood the
lowering mechanism, I seized the lever which the
Professor had indicated. I swung it over and pushed
it downward. I pressed a button. And then—
Was I moving? At first it was uncertain. I looked
down at the earth. The workmen within the en-
closure were running wildly about, waving their
arms and staring upward. It was then I realized I
was moving. But, God in heaven, I was mounting
higher!

  Frantically I ran here and there, pulling levers,
whirling wheels, but steadily, mercilessly, noise-
lessly 1 rose into the sky. The great bulk beneath
my feet was steady as a house floor. Nothing that
I did affected it in any way. It was as if some
great power from above had reached down and
was pulling me into the heart of the universe. I
wondered why some of the electricians on the
ground did not notice my predicament and shut off
the power, then remembered that they did not dare
to, the Professor having failed to instruct them
what to do in such an emergency. Besides, I
realized their attention was centered on the wrecked
islands and the safety of Greta.

  I speculated on how long the power to operate
the repellent device of the Professor’s terrible ma-
chines would last. Surely, I reasoned, I must soon
pass beyond their influence. But then would I fall
gently back or would the gravitational pull of the
earth assert its rights and suck me down to
destruction?

Wanderer Through Space

TFVEN as these alarming thoughts drummed upon
my brain I realized that I was rising faster and
faster. The altimeter soon registered ten thousand
feet, and the air was icy cold, I shivered and
buttoned my coat about me. Then came more alarm-
ing thoughts. Suppose that these gravity waves,
which the devilish ingenuity of the Professor had
reversed, reached beyond the sun! Suppose that
this island should rush on and on until it should
escape those waves and come under the influence
of the sun or some other great star, or fall and
crash upon the cold, dead moon? Or suppose it
would not be attracted to the surface of any of these
but would sail on and on through space—a lonely
wanderer of the sky!

  Again in a frenzy of desperation I made the
rounds of the machines. I bitterly reproached my-
self for permitting the Professor to keep postponing
the instructions covering the manipulation of the
islands. Now all was lost. Fortune, Greta—every-
thing sacrificed for a madman’s dream.

  Fifteen thousand feet by the altimeter. I was
still rushing toward heaven like a rocket. My teeth
were chattering and I was gasping for breath. My
hands and feet were aching with the cold. In a
sort of drowsy subconsciousness I realized that I
would soon succumb for the want of oxygen. Soon
this strange vehicle that was bearing me to destruc-
tion would become both my funeral car and my
tomb. Yet there was nothing I could do to save
myself. Then a strange peace settled upon my soul.
Why should I worry? Was I not a distinguished
person? My death was to be the most unique ever
witnessed by the stars. I gazed up at the cold, blue
sky and laughed hysterically. What did I care? Bui
even as I gave myself up for lost and my brain
grew dull I was sensible that my speed—tremen-
dous as it had been before—was even faster now.
The thin air swirled and whistled about my ears as
I fought for breath and my numb hands clutched
the mast to keep from falling.

  As I stood there swaying dizzily I felt a jar.
Somebody was calling my name—it sounded as
from a great distance—and there was Greta step-
ping out of her plane.
ISLANDS IN THE AIR

41

  Neither spoke as she helped me into the cabin,
but I understood in a vague way how she had wit-
nessed my plight and followed me. Also as in a
dream came the thought that I had to thank the
genius of the Professor for constructing a plane
capable of such a flight.

  Several minutes after we had left the island and
were rapidly dropping toward the earth my senses
returned to normal and looking up I saw the dim
form of the island still racing on into space.

  Landing at the plant we marshalled the work-
men, secured tools and set out afoot for the wreck.
After a weary tramp of an hour through the brush
and over the rocks we reached it. The ruin of the
islands was complete, and near where the edges
had met, interlocked and almost welded themselves
together we found the lifeless forms of the Pro-
fessors within a few feet of each other. Their
differences were settled at last.

  “Poor old pal” I said sadly. I took Greta by the
arm and turned away just as the workmen gathered
up the bodies.

  She was silent.

  We inspected the other side of the green islands,
marveling over Van Beck’s originality and artistic
bent. We were about to leave the spot when we
heard a faint moan from above us.

  Clambering up over the twisted steel we came
upon a man pinned fast between two beams. We
ran to him, then started back in dismay, for it was
McCann. Exerting all our strength we released
him. He was badly crushed but conscious. Here,
I said to myself, is the secret of Van Beck’s know-
ledge about the islands. McCann is a traitor, I
thought, as I glanced at Greta reading agreement
in her eyes. But the injured man swept us with
a look of pleading as though he sensed what was
passing in our minds,

  “I’m no traitor, folks,” he said weakly. "Van
Beck’s men kidnapped me and kept me by force. He
forced me to tell all I know about the islands, and
I know much.” The Scotchman smiled whimsically.

  "Then you will tell us what you know,” I said.
It was a chance to save the priceless knowledge
to the world.

  “Aye, aye, sir—if I can. But—” He put his
hand to his chest while a paroxysm of pain distorted
his features. “If—if you have but a bit of- paper
now—I’ll tell you all I know. We’d better hurry
now, for—for—”

  His face became ghastly and I thought it was
all over.

  Madly I searched my pockets. I could find
nothing but a small note book. I knew that McCann
was dying. We must hasten.

  As I poised my pencil above the paper the dying
man made a brave effort to go on, but it was no
use. He looked at us appealingly. His head sank
back and he was gone.

  “The great secret has died with him,” I re-
marked.

  “And I am glad,” she said. “Man may aid nature’s
laws, but when he reverses them he must pay the
penalty. Gustave’s mad dream has killed him.”

  I gave her a startled look. She was not in
sympathy with the works of science.

  "Nevertheless I wish our island would drift back
to earth. With it we might make a new start.”
"If you love it so much perhaps I had better take
you back to it,” she suggested quietly.

  “Agreed,” I said. “The only condition I impose
is that you remain there with me.”

  To which she made no answer then, nor has she
to this day. We never looked for the island—nor
did it ever return. Somewhere off in the far
reaches of space it still pursues its solitary way.

                  THE END

If you are a lover of science fiction
and if you like AIR IVONDER
STORIES, be sure to see the important
announcement on Inside Cover of this
magazine.

                                 Hugo Gernsback,
                                 Editor.
QfegEACO

HAROLD
S.SYKE.S

 aS»«<8

ft Seven

              The plane at the last moment climbed upward and to the right as the watchers breathlessly
          waited for it to clear the upper corner of the tower. There was a collision and the mass settled to
          the ground and burst into flames.

42
CHAPTER I

A Close Shave

|S Royce picked up the flash of the huge
revolving beacon at Wayside he breathed
a sigh of satisfaction, and slowed his
motors fifty revolutions. It had been a
tiresome climb to the divide all the way from Air-
port Six, with gusty headwinds threatening to put
him behind schedule. But now the grind of another
trip was over. There remained but forty miles from
the summit to Airport Seven almost under the light,
and a relief crew there would take charge to set the
plane down at San Francisco long before daylight.

  A passenger in the saloon leaned back in his
leather-covered chair and yawned. “We must be
getting close to Seven. I wish I had taken a berth
this trip, instead of trying to sit up most of the
night. There's a hard day ahead of me in ’Frisco.”

  “Yes, we know all about the hard days you
traveling men have,” a cattle buyer answered from
across the big cabin. “Hopping from one city to
another on these liners is a joke. Now when I hired
a little dilapidated taxi-plane at Ogden one time
to inspect a herd over in the Hidden Valley country,
that was a ride to write home about.”

  “Let’s finish the rubber; I want to get out and
stretch my legs at Seven,” spoke up a man at one
of the card tables.

                                    /

“Here, give me the cards; is that a pun or . .

  “Say, just listen to those motors; I thought we
were over the divide.” The score of saloon pas-
sengers grasped tables or the arms of their chairs
as the huge plane banked and swerved upward at
an ever increasing angle. The five motors, after
responding madly to wide-open throttles, now were
laboring terribly under a heavy load. Bluish wing
lights flashed on, reflecting upon the faces of the
forward passengers peering from the long windows.
Shades were being flicked up far aft of the huge
wings as those in the sleeping compartments were
roused by the sudden
deviation.

 A blinding flash
drove the portside pas-
sengers back from the
windows to their places
and the motors eased
to their customary
monotonous undertone.

“What was that?”

Someone asked.

  "Just the big beacon
light, but man, we were
right on top of it 1”

They looked at one
another in alarm.

3

HAROLD & SIKES

from his chair in
the waiting room
and strode into
the division traf-
fic manager’s of-
fice with the air
of one anxious to
get through an or-
deal as quickly as
possible.

 McCrea was
standing at an
east window, gaz-
ing out in the di-
rection of the
beacon tower on
Sentinel Hill, half
a mile away. He
whirled as the
young man en-
tered, and fixed him with a glowering look.

  “Well, Royce, out with it. Let’s see what excuse
you have for trying to come in under the beacon
last night with the west bound passenger plane.
Jameston, in the watch tower last night, told me
you were flying fully fifty feet below the light until
you almost reached it. The field crew thought you
were going to land in the houses over there, but
they heard your motors, so that won’t do for an
excuse.”

  Finally given an opportunity to speak, the pilot
answered, “I don’t know what the matter was.”

 “You don’t? Well, why not? Were some of
your motors going bad, or did you want to land on
Sentinel Hill?”

  “No sir, I picked up the beacon at the pass,
and followed it in. Relief Pilot Tillotson was in
the forward cockpit with me. You can ask him
about it.”

  "Yes,” barked McCrea, "I most certainly can ask
Tillotson about it, and I will. But first I want an

    explanation from you,

     Explanations

    TR. McCrea will
see you now,
said the secretary.

  Tommy Royce, chief
pilot, quickly arose
nervously and weary

 IiNJ the present story, our versatile author has
    given us quite a treat.

   One of the most important and quite indis-
 pensable necessities for night flying is, of course,
 the aerial beacon. The aviator’s life and the
 safety of property, depends on such beacons.

   The author in the present story has woven a
 very clever adventure around this theme, which
 is as interesting as it is notable, from a scientific
 viewpoint.

   We are accustomed to thin\ that light rays
 travel only in straight lines. This is, of course,
 not the case. Light rays are refracted, when, for
 instance, they pass through the atmosphere of the
 earth. Thus we see the sun rise actually before
 it does, due to this refraction. On the other
 hand, Einstein in his theory, which has been
 proven, has shoivn us that light waves are bent
 when they pass the gravitational field of a star.

    You will find the scientific part of this story
 particularly interesting.

s.

    and it had better be a
    good one.”

    Royce stood in the
    center of the big room,
    nervously twisting the
    ring he wore on his left
    hand. "After I picked
    up the beacon at the
    pass—”

    "Yes, yes, I heard
    that, go on.”

    "Well, coming toward
    Seven here, I looked at
    the altimeter and it
    seemed to read about
    right, perhaps a trifle
    low, but I saw the
    light well ahead of and
    below me, so I knew I
    had plenty of altitude. I
    cut the motors to six-
    teen-fifty at the sum-

43
44

AIR WONDER STORIES

mit. and closed the throttles a trifle more when we
were near the beacon in order to lose enough alti-
tude to make a landing here."

  “Yes, yes. but why did you lose so much alti-
tude? Jameston says you were flying low all the
way from the point where he first picked up your
flying lights. Why. why?”

  "I wasn’t flying low, for I had the beacon well
below me until I was almost over it. Then—then
1 glanced at the instrument board for a moment,
and when I looked back the light on its next swing
around was almost above me! 1 saw it as soon as
Tillotson did, and by opening the throttles wide we
just managed to scrape over the top of the hill.”
“Well, of all the—. Royce, I’m going to put you
on as second relief pilot for a month, under 'Ace'
Howard, and we’ll see if your eyes get any better.
If Tillotson swears you were not asleep iast night,
that will be letting you down easy. If you were
asleep, then you are through, understand ?” and
McCrea pounded the mahogany top of his desk to
emphasize his words. “Good gravy! Don't you
realize the plane carricd more than fifty passengers
and a ton of valuable express?”

  “Yes, sir.”

  Tommy Royce turned to leave but stopped when
McCrea called, “Wait, just one thing more.” The
manager reached into his desk for a blank form.
“Take this to the company doctor and let him test
you again. I want a full report from A to Z. Tell
him to test your eyes particularly.”

  The tests were entirely favorable.although Tommy
had begun to have some doubts regarding his ability
as a crack pilot, after so nearly wrecking the giant
air liner.

The Two Confer

TILLOTSON came back to the barracks from
his interview with McCrea, wearing a very
serious and thoughtful expression on his face. He
hunted up Tommy and the two talked during the
rest of the afternoon without arriving at any de-
finite reason for the contretemps.

“I was watching the light out of the corner of
my eye at the time it changed, old man, and I swear
it suddenly blurred and then shot into the sky.”
“Did you tell McCrea that?” Royce asked, as
they sat on his cot in his room.

  “No, I knew he wouldn’t believe me; would insist
we were both asleep, but I did tell him the old
beacon changed her position. Little good it did.
He gave me an awful raking over, and said he
couldn’t promote me to your place—I didn’t want
him to—but would leave me on as second man, and
to see that some stray mountain didn’t jump up and
hit me in the face some day. He claimed the
passengers had received the scare of their lives and
that it was bad for the company, considering the
new competition from the True Course line over
the northern route. He expects a wigging from the
'Frisco offices.”

  "Probably he will get it too,” Tommy answered
somberly. “I wish I could understand it.” Then
after a pause he looked at his wrist watch. “Let's
hunt up Jameston at Number One hangar and try to
get him to tell us just where we were flying last

night. We just have time before the west bound
freight comes in.”

  Boundary and hangar lights at the field were
flashing on as the two men made their way from
the barracks past the Transcontinental offices to
the southwest corner of the huge landing area. A
crew of ground men was making preparations for
servicing the huge twenty-ton freight plane, while
the two pilots who would fly it on to Field Eight
were seated on the bench before the communica-
tions building, smoking and talking.

  One of the freight pilots called through the open
window to the clerk on duty. "Phone up- and ask
Jameston if he's picked up the old wagon.”

  “We’re too late to see Jameston tonight; he must
be on duty now,” Tommy said to his companion as
they stopped before the building. The gathering
dusk was suddenly broken by the dip and swoop
of the Sentinel Hill beacon as it started on its noc-
turnal swing around the sky at the rate of nine
revolutions per minute. The far-reaching beam
dropped low to the east and west, with an upward
swing of thirty degrees as it traversed the north
and south, describing two giant arcs on the further-
most confines of the sky. The men watched it in
silence.

  The communications clerk leaned out of the open
window above the pilot's bench. "Jameston phoned
down that he has picked up a plane way to the
south, but no sign of the freighter yet. Says this
ship is headed about west and will miss the field by
three miles.”

  George Boyer, the larger of the two freight pilots,
regarded Royce and Tillotson severely as they
stood in front of the bench, waiting. “What’s this
I hear about you guys? The Field ‘Supe tells me
that you swiped the beacon when you came in this
morning and tried to tow it home on your landing
gear.”

  “Aw, go fly a kite." Tillotson answered. “I hope
it don't fool you the way it did us, that’s all.”
“Boy, no ten million candle-power torch is going
to fool me. When it starts jumping around off its
tower I'll quit flying.”

Another Mystery

THE low drone of a multi-motored plane was
heard, steadily increasing in volume. As all eyes
were turned to the now dark sky, Tommy perceived
the red and green wing lights of a huge monoplane.
The clerk called to the ground crew. “That's the
freighter, boys, she’s nine minutes late, and James-
ton says she almost missed us.”

  The outline of the wings was now clearly visible
to those at the field as the ship came onward at
its one hundred mile an hour cruising speed and
passed over the hangers. Cutting the western
boundary of the airport, the craft settled in a grace-
ful circle into the gentle evening breeze. It was
once illumined sharply by the swinging beam from
the beacon. A brilliant blue-white radiance had
flashed over the field as the battery of landing lights
were switched on and the plane settled into it with
throttled motors.

  “There's another good pilot gone batty”, Boyer
remarked plaintively, as he picked up his helmet
and moved toward the craft, now coming to a stop
THE BEACON OF AIRPORT SEVEN

45

beside the fuel hoses. "Here he conies staggering in
from due south like he’s been out on a scouting
expedition or a picnic. How we can make up the
time he lost without a tail-wind is more than I can
see.” His last words were lost as he approached
the plane.

  “Come on, Tommy,” Tillotson invited. “Let’s
see if he had trouble with the beacon too.”

  It was a bewildered chief pilot who stepped out
into the radiance of work lights turned on by the
ground crew. He was followed down the ship
ladder by his relief and mechanic a moment later.

  "Boys, I’ll swear I followed the beacon true as an
arrow, but when I got close it suddenly switched
around to my right and I found I was way to the
south.”

  "You’re not the only one,” Boyer answered with
heavy sarcasm. “Last night Royce had it jumping
up and down and now you’ve got it wiggling side-
ways. Of all the dizzy ideas! Here, climb in,” he
continued to his relief man. "I’ll have to make up
ten minutes that was lost by somebody playing
tag with a fire-fly. Snap in to it, you ground men.”

  “All set.”

  “Fuel and oil O.K.”

  “Condition and controls O.K.”

  As the men gave their reports the Service Chief
called, “Clear the props!” and then gave the start-
ing signal to Boyer who was peering down from
his high seat in the nose of the craft. The whine
of the starters gave place to increasing roars of
sound as each additional motor took hold. Locking
his starboard wheel brake, the pilot gave full
throttle to the port wing motors and whirled on
the concrete service area. Under the response of
wide throttles the plane moved forward with in-
creasing momentum, showing Boyer’s intention of
taking off with the wind in order to save time.
After a quick run the lumbering craft left the
ground in a gradual upward curve, quickly banking
to the west in an effort to save precious minutes.
The burden of sound lessened to a hum and then
died away in the star-lit sky.

CHAPTER II

The Curse of the Airport

DURING the following ten days passenger,
sealed express and freight planes came and
went with all the regularity of clock-work.
Superintendent McCrea, who had been more
than a little worried by a report from Alroyd,
the freight plane pilot, that the beacon had ap-
parently shifted, finally was able to convince him-
self that it was nothing more than a case of over
work and eye-strain with three of his flyers. The
relief pilot of the freighter had been unable to con-
firm or to deny Alroyd’s report, having been busy
at the, time with a refractory fuel pump.

  Tommy, Tillotson and Alroyd were driven to-
gether for mutual support in an effort to withstand
the heavy barrage of witticisms from the other
pilots during the first few days. Boyer was sure
to take advantage of every opportunity of poking
fun at the trio. As time went on they almost be-
came convinced that the vagaries of the huge light
had been hallucinations.

  Then without warning, and as if possessed by an
evil spirit, Number Seven beacon suddenly became
a curse to be known from one end of the Trans-
continental lines to the other as a siren, malicious
and malevolent. Pilots who at first scoffed at the
recurrent report, were soon forced to admit that
something was wrong, they knew not what. McCrea,
appealing for more and saner pilots, for electrical
experts to put the beacon in order and for scientists
to make tests of the light, bombarded the Pacific
office with a barrage of radiograms.

  It started again on a dark, moonless night when
the west bound passenger plane landed thirty
minutes late, after flying in a zig-zag course from
the pass to Seven. The irate superintendent was
waiting at the loading area when the pilot emerged
from the cockpit. Tommy was there, having been
placed upon the reserve board for two weeks, be-
fore resuming his disciplinary flights as second
assistant under "Ace” Howard. Tillotson and Al-
royd were handling their regular positions, as first
relief and chief freight pilot, respectively.

  “What’s the matter, are you drunk?” shouted
McCrea above the muffled purr of idling motors.

  "No, sir, but the beacon would swing away to
the north, and when I orientated the plane, it would
turn back to the south, until I thought I had
picked up the wrong light.”

  "Good gravy! And here I thought you men were
through with all that nonsense. Don’t you realize
that there is not another light like that beacon
within a hundred miles?”

  "There's not one like it anywhere in the world,”
Tommy muttered from his position near the pair.
McCrea, evidently having overheard the remark,
whirled toward him opening his mouth to speak,
then choked and grasped. After an inward struggle
he sighed audibly, turned and strode toward his
private hangar.

  The cry of “all aboard”, sent a number of in-
terested passengers back to the machine, with an
absorbing topic of conversation and discussion for
the rest of the journey. McCrea had broken one of
the first rules of the company when he found fault
with a pilot in the presence of passengers.

  Scarcely had the huge plane left the field on
its westward journey, when it was followed in
the air by a tiny ship bearing the superintendent
aloft. Still frowning and red of face, McCrea flew
with wide open throttle directly toward the source
of the circling beam, which dipped and rose from
its vantage point on Sentinel Hill.

The Accident

THREE times he circled the light while gaining
altitude, then the watchers at the airport saw his
wing lights moving rapidly toward the east in the
direction of the pass, until the hill hid them from
view. Jameston phoned down the progress of the
flight, kept in view in the field of his telescope, and
the communications clerk relayed the messages to
Tommy and members of the field crew.

  "He headed east for several miles, and then came
back toward the beacon—now he’s flying toward
the pass again, but very low—now he is coming
back, climbing all the time—he’s turning toward
the south—now back to the other side.” Then the
46

AIR WONDER STORIES

tiny red and green flying lights appeared almost
over the field, but swung away to the west as men
were reaching for the switches to turn on the
battery of flood lights.

  After half an hour more the plane landed and
McCrea strode tow'ard the radio office with the ex-
pressed intention, flung back over his shoulder, of
filing a message to headquarters that a demented
pilot had been the sole cause of throwing the pas-
senger plane behind schedule. Scarcely had he
reached for a pad of forms, however, when a muffled
crash and the reflected glare of blazing gasoline
brought him to the loading area on the run.

  The hill crest below and just to the left of the
beacon was a mass of soaring flames. Madly
jangling bells suddenly coming to life in the am-
bulance quarters were stilled again as the emer-
gency squad roared away over the now brilliantly
flooded airport, closely followed by a fire truck to
which half clothed men were clinging.

  “It’s the west bound sealed express,” the com-
munications clerk gasped. "Flying low and washed
out right at the foot of the beacon!”

  The superintendent dashed toward his private
plane, still standing on the concrete area way.
Others were hurriedly turning to automobiles
parked beside the enclosure, while several men
caught the salvage trucks as they emerged from the
garage.

  Tommy, nervous and pale, stood beside two wait-
ing pilots, obeying, yet not giving a thought to the
company rule which forbade flyers to visit the scene
of a crash when other help was available. The
ambulance and fire truck had crossed the wide ex-
panse of the field, pursued by McCrea, ground
hopping his plane like a monstrous grass-hopper,
and tiny flashlights could be seen now as the rescue
crews toiled up the steep incline.

  “Which crew was flying it, I wonder.” Then
remembering the bulletin board under the electric
on the wall, Tommy read, aloud: “‘Crew 37,
Sealed Express, Jones and Hillard, vice Thomas and
Abernathy, west bound, 10:20 p. m.’ Gee! it was
Vance Thomas; he and I went through the training
school together. I don't know Abernathy; he must
be a new man on this division.” The two waiting
pilots were watching the dying flames, fascinated
by the calamity which so easily might have been
their own.

  McCrea returned shortly to dispatch a radiogram
to the western office, then following a telephone
conversation with the lookout he approached the
bench on which the three flyers now sat, each busy
with his own thoughts.

  “Well, it’s too bad, boys. Jameston tells me
that the ship had been flying much too low, just
as yours did, Royce, when you so nearly cracked
up. Thomas or Abernathy, whichever one was pilot-
ing, tried to pull her up at the last moment, but
was too close to the hill.”

  “Yes,” Tommy answered slowly, sitting forward
on the bench with elbow on knee and chin in his
hand. “It fooled poor old Vance Thomas just as it
fooled me, but my plane can climb faster than one
of these express crates. It just meant the difference
between a miss and a wreck.”

 “Well, don't let this scare you, boys. There
must be some reason for that light acting the way
it has. Good gravy! There has to be a reason!
I thought you pilots were going crazy at first but
now I’ll admit I was mistaken. I don’t see how it
can be the beacon, but anyway I am having oil
flares placed on the hill tonight for the planes due
before morning. Some extra lights can do no harm.”

 An eastbound passenger and a freight plane
landed safely at number Seven within the next two
hours, during all of which time the worried super-
intendent was engaged in writing out a two
thousand word report to the Pacific coast office. He
signed his name with a sigh and handed the last
page to the radio operator on duty.

  “There. I have asked for experts out on the first
passenger ship in the morning. That is, if there are
experts able to figure out this blankety blanked
double dashed beacon.”

Another Victim

OF the two remaining westbound planes due to
arrive before daylight, the first was a regular
express at 4:10 a.m., followed thirty minutes later
by a freighter. The hrst missed the beacon U)
three miles to the north and came on to the airport
from almost due west, twenty minutes late, the
salvage crew watched it from the top of Sentinel
Hill where the express was being sorted from tne
wreckage. The lookout picked up the wing lights
of the freight plane to the southeast, The held was
flooded with lights in an effort to attract the atten-
tion of the pilot, and the emergency spot lamp on
the lookout tower was flashed skyward, throwing
a bright pencil of light up until it touched scudding
clouds thousands ot teet overhead. In response tne
plane quickly veered to the north, then headed
directly toward the beacon, as a moth is drawn by
a candle. Ground crew men and electricians worked
frantically flashing field lights and whirling the
beam of the spot. The freighter, unconscious ol
danger, dipped lower and lower as it drove onward.
The starboard wing light was hidden by the large
fuselage of the craft as it drew abreast of the
landing area, heading almost directly north. The
tiny red port light on the tip of the left wing and
the ainber tail light on the stabilizer were all that
could be seen in the dark.

  The score of watchers on the ground grew silent
and tense as the machine held lower and lower,
now heading for the base of the beacon tower. The
motors diminished their song, telling those below
that the pilot had partly closed the throttles, be-
lieving himself well above the beacon. Light from
the oil flares on the hill crest now began to be
reflected from the swiftly whirling propellers and
polished metal nose cap. Flashlights were waved
madly by members of the salvage crew on the hill
top and then flicked off as the men sprang behind
the concrete shoulder of the tower foundation, wail-
ing for the inevitable crash.

  Just when it seemed the hurtling mass was on the
point of striking the outmost flare on the southern
crest of the hill, the now dimly outlined shape
swerved upward. The heavy craft had gained many
feet in altitude at the expense of its momentum
before the startling roar of wide open motors
reached those waiting impotently at the service
THE BEACON OF AIRPORT SEVEN

47i

area. Closer and closer it came to the beacon, climb-
ing ever steeper in a parabolic curve.

  "He’s hung her on her props!" Someone ex-
claimed. Almost over the beacon and not twenty
feet from it, the craft hung for a long moment in a
perfect stall, nose pointed almost straight skyward.
Motors and pilot had done their best but it was not
enough.

  Slowly a green light appeared, rising at one wing
tip while the red one sank lower and lower, telling
the agonized onlookers that the plane, having lost
all flying speed, was falling off toward the landing
area. The pilot was doing everything possible now
to save his ship, settling ever faster down the slope
of the hill under full power in an effort to gain
his minimum flying speed of sixty miles an hour
and level off before striking the ground. The
distance allowed him was frightfully short. With
left wing still a trifle low the craft touched the
ground at a point just within the lighted boundary,
bounced into the air with crumpled landing gear,
then settled forward and slowly nosed over in a fog
of illuminated dust particles.

A Promise From Boyer

THE ambulance and fire truck raced over the field
for the second time that night, shrieking their
way through the running spectators already mid-
way to the wreck.

  The fateful beacon serenely traced its bright path
around the horizon, content now with dipping its
beam low over the second catastrophe of the night,
then turning onward to the east as if beckoning
new victims to a like fate.

  Eager hands tore open the emergency doors on
each side of the pilots’ section. A groan was heard
from within as flashlights were directed into the
small control cabin. The large figure of George
Boyer, head down, hung limp against the in-
strument board. One foot was caught in the rudder
bar stirrup and held him suspended. He was tender-
ly lifted down and placed upon an ambulance cot
made ready beside the stricken craft, just as the
superintendent arrived on foot, gasping for breath.

  “Boyer is the only pilot in here, Mr. McCrea,”
one of the men announced, emerging from the in-
verted doorway.

  “Nonsense, there must be others. An express
wouldn’t be allowed to leave Airport Six without
two pilots and a mechanic; keep looking until you
find them.”

  Tommy was already entering a wing door, open-
ing from the control cabin into the interior of the
huge wing. The cat walk was overhead and it was
with difficulty that he made his way along the
narrow forward spar and over the metal ribs. An
electric lamp still burned at the first wing motor,
twenty feet from the fuselage, but beyond that all
was dark.

  After reaching a position beyond the projecting
portion of the engine housed within the wing, Royce
discerned, by the aid of his flashlight, the forms of
the relief pilot and mechanic crumpled beside the
out-board motor. A height of only four feet
through the long thick wing would make it dif-
ficult to carry the men all the way back to the cabin,
so Tommy found an inspection manhole and
quickly unfastened it. Then he lifted the men up
through the opening.

  With the crew out of the machine, cables were
quickly hooked to the tail wheels from powerful
salvage trucks in an effort to right the plane and
move it from the landing area before others arrived.

  “The men are suffering from severe contusions,
but apparently no bones are broken,” the field
doctor declared after a hurried examination. "Take
them to the hospital, boys.”

  “Wait a minute,” said a husky voice from a cot
and burly George Boyer hoisted himself to one el-
bow. “Where’s Tommy Royce; is he here?”

  “Here, George.”

  “Well, all I gotta say, Royce, is that I take it
all back about the d . . . old beacon—what I said
to you. And when they let me out of the hospital
we’ll see what is the matter with it if it takes all
summer.” He eased himself back with a sigh,
saying, "all right boys, load me in.”

CHAPTER III
Why Airport Seven?

HY should there be an Airport Seven,”
was the question mentally asked by the
humdrum business man later that
morning as he propped a paper against the sugar
bowl and munched his toast.

  The first editions carried scare-heads of the mys-
terious happenings, featuring the isolated airport
and the beacon as the most interesting news of the
day, but with only meager details. Later editions
carried histories not only of the beacon and Airport
Seven, but of the Transcontinental company, hur-
riedly prepared by feature writers for news agen-
cies and the larger dailies.

  The evening papers explained to the business
man upon his return from work that same day
that the Transcontinental interests had founded
the New York-San Francisco line primarily for
transcontinental traffic, and for that reason had
located service airports at evenly spaced intervals
along a great circle route between the coastal points.
Short feeder lines connected some of these airports
with the larger population centers along the way,
offering an expeditious means of reaching either
the Atlantic or Pacific coast. Passenger traffic over
the line however, was only an adjunct of the fast
freight and express service. The “sealed” express
planes, carrying sealed compartments from coast to
coast, were a link in the rapidly expanding World
Corporation belt-line, inaugurated in 1932, and con-
necting all continents in the northern hemisphere.
A subsidiary of the Transcontinental operated a
fleet of amphibians on regular schedule between
San Francisco and Manila, while associated Euro-
pean interests controlled the Transatlantic and
Eurasian routes,

  With seven intermediate airports between the
two coastal cities, Airport Seven was arbitrarily
located in north central Nevada, at a point east
of Reno and south of Elko, the most desolate of
all the stops along the route. Wayside had been a
small western frontier town, practically deserted
following the ebb of the mining tide which had
washed over the west. Water was available,
pumped from deep wells. Transcontinental by pre-
emption and purchase rescued the place from ul-
48

AIR WONDER STORIES

timate decay, installed a power plant, erected
hangars and other necessary buildings and placed a
beacon upon Sentinel Hill. Still given on the older
maps as Wayside, all pilots knew the place only as
Airport Seven, where planes were refueled and
crews changed.

  Contrary to forecasts made several years earlier
that planes w'ould make non-stop flights from coast
to coast on schedule, the rapid progress of aviation
with large planes had demonstrated the advantage
of operating with a system of division points, as
used by railroads. In place of carrying useless
weight by loading on sufficient fuel for a non-stop
flight, the fuel tanks merely served from one air-
port to the next, allowing the maximum of pay-
load. Plane crews were changed at each stop for
additional safety in operating the huge multi-
motored crafts, as tests had shown the superiority
of using an air liner pilot at his point of best
efficiency, relieving him before he became aware of
fatigue.

Experts Take A Hand

McCREA’s urgent appeals for aid brought not
only a corps of electrical and airport illumina-
tion experts from San Francisco during the morning,
but also brought a number of officials, several major
stock holders in the corporation, moving picture
news reel cameramen, and a horde of newspaper
reporters and photographers. By ten o’clock the two
sides of the field were lined with visiting aircrafts,
in sizes ranging from the dilapidated single seater
of a free-lance photographer to the palatial four
thousand horse-power private ship of the executive
vice-president, with a wing spread of more than
two hundred feet.

  Royce, Tillotson and Alroyd were called upon to
testify as to what they had seen, and were requested
to remain for the subsequent conference which took
place in the drawing room of the air yacht. Electri-
cians busied themselves meanwhile in inspecting
the tower and beacon, although without finding
anything at all unusual or out of the ordinary.

  McCrea made a plea for a cessation of night
flying over divisions seven and eight until the mys-
terious trouble could be located, but was immedi-
ately over-ruled by his superiors.

  “No, McCrea, that’s impossible,” the chief ex-
executive replied. “Our two strongest competitors
are looking for just such an opportunity as that
would offer them. We can’t afford to delay a single
freight or express ship.”

  “But something must be done, Mr. Clark. The
beacon may be alright tonight and again it may be
the cause of several more wrecks before daylight
tomorrow. It has cost the lives of two pilots and
a mechanic already, to say nothing of three men
now in the hospital, one ship totally destroyed and
another damaged.”

  “Surely some of these operatives here today can
think of some suitable safety measures. We can
turn off the beacon if necessary and instruct all
pilots to fly by compass until they pick up the
field lights.”

  “No, Mr. Clark, you are subject to a heavy fine
if your company deliberately turns off a beacon,”
declared a man at the foot of the long table. All
eyes turned to regard the new speaker, John

Cavanaugh, a Federal Bureau ot Aeronautics in-
spector, who had that morning arrived to investi-
gate the accidents for the Department of Commerce.
He continued: “Until we are positive that your
Number Seven beacon, which is listed upon govern-
ment maps as ‘type A, 62,’ is at fault it must
continue to burn.”

  “That’s right,” Clark replied, then added re-
flectively, “the Interstate Commerce Commission
has been after us to install a short-wave directional
radio system over our whole line, but as this is
primarily a freight and express route the board of
directors has been unwilling to vote such an ex-
penditure, at least until next year. Perhaps it may
be necessary to install such a system temporarily
for a guide over this district. Can it be done im-
mediately?” He turned to a radio executive beside
him.

  “Yes, the communications equipment at each air-
port can easily be supplemented with directional
beam apparatus, but we shall need at least two
weeks to install receivers in all company planes.”
“All right, I shall remain here tonight and will
know more definitely by tomorrow; see me then.
There is one angle of this business that has struck
me as very peculiar, McCrea—do you know what
I mean?”

  “It must be, sir, that no east-bound pilots have
been bothered by the light; it is always the west-
bound planes that get into trouble.”

  “Exactly. Now let’s draft a set of instructions
for all pilots leaving Airport Six tonight, telling
them what to guard against and telling them for
heaven sake to watch their altimeters!”

  The afternoon was spent in placing several flares
at intervals on the desert between Sentinel Hill and
the pass. Half a dozen men were placed at vantage
points to the east, equipped with surveyors' levels,
small telescopes, or binoculars, to watch the beacon
and make notes on their observations.

A Night of Terror

THE first plane to be sighted from the watch
tower after dark was the west bound passenger.
A radiogram had reported its departure from Air-
port Six on time to the minute, with the crew
fully informed as to all the precautionary meas-
ures to be observed.

  A new moon was just dropping behind the low
range of hills to the west, scarcely an hour behind
the sun, when the communications clerk reported
to the large crowd that flying lights had been picked
up, high above the pass. The beacon swung mono-
tonously around the sky, rising in its passage from
east to south, descending as it veered to the west
then up in a grand arc over the northern horizon.
The brilliant beam showed bright and steady at all
times.

  Clark stood within the passenger area, hands
clasped behind his back and occasionally addressed
a remark to McCrea as he waited. Suddenly a light
was seen at the foot of the beacon tower. It waved
up and down, then began flashing on and off in the
dot-dash of a code message relayed from the ob-
servers to the east.

  “All observers report beacon light O.K.” the
message ran.
THE BEACON OF AIRPORT SEVEN

49

  The drone of the passenger plane was soon heard
flyii'g overhead. It landed several minutes later
after gradually circling down. Following a hurried
refueling and change of crew it took to the air
again, fifteen minutes late. At the same time an-
other plane was reported from the east, thought
by Jameston to be a tourist ship, as the sealed
express was not due for almost an hour. The
pilots who had brought in the passenger craft
were being interrogated by Clark and McCrea at
the landing area.

  “Well, I am glad that you report the light as
O.K., at least for this evening,” the executive said.
“I am inclined to the belief that the other pilots
may have been at fault. Perhaps—”

  “Just a moment, Mr. Clark, the observer on the
hill is flashing a message. Write it down Royce, as

I	spell it out.” The group fell silent as McCrea
announced the message letter by letter and all were
dimly aware of its significance even before Tommy
read it aloud.

  “Observer No. 1,—Peculiar refraction or parallax
noted at 8:21, when beacon apparently moved down
several hundred feet to angle of seven degrees
below my level. Relay man at tower also apparent-
ly lower with his light in answering my message.”

  “McCrea, that seems impossible; its all right
from here!” Clark exclaimed. “What about that
other plane that was just sighted? Where is it
now?” No answer was necessary, for the throb
of approaching motors could be heard distinctly
in the still evening air. Royce was the first to
pick up the wing lights, showing just above the
hill top and almost directly behind the beacon
tcwer. The relay man was waving his tiny flash-
light wildly, for .t could be seen at times by those
tensely silent at the airport.

  “He is going to crash!”

  "No, he will clear if only he won’t try to fly
directly over the beacon; why doesn’t he turn!”

  The plane, at the last moment climbed upward
and to the right but as the watcher breathlessly
waited for the red wing light to flash clear from
the upper corner of the tower, there was an ap-
parent collision, followed by the swerve of the free
wing tip, when the mass settled to the ground
half way down the dark hill side and burst into
flames. For a single dazzling instant the brilliant
beam on its westward swing outlined a tiny figure
high in the air. The sound of the crash was not
heard at the service area until the light had swung
away to the north. In that instant Tommy was
reminded of the first crude talking pictures he had
seen as a boy in which the action on the screen
at times preceded the sound sequence.

  The rest of the night was a nightmare to those
at the airport. The flyer who had collided with
the tower miraculously escaped with only a broken
ankle, owing to a new type instantaneous self-open-
ing parachute he had been wearing. It was he
the others had seen outlined in the beacon's glare,
just as he was catapulted from his plane. The
parachute had in a measure checked the speed of
his fall before he landed dangerously close to the
blazing wreckage. He was a tourist with a
penchant for night flying, traveling in a small
monoplane.

  An emergency radio sent by the now frightened
executive to Airport Six to hold all planes landing
there that night, was too late to stop the freighter,
already on its way toward the fateful light. After
an agony of suspense the watchers breathed a
sigh of relief when the plane was finally reported
with five thousand feet elevation and several miles
to the south. Prepared for and fully expecting a
severe reprimand for bringing his ship in forty
minutes late, the chief pilot was complimented by
the chief executive for his excellent work; so sur-
prising him that he later said in an aside to Tommy,
that it was “almost as bad a shock as if I had
washed out on Sentinel Hill.”

  The beacon was not satiated until it had wrecked
one more ship, a private touring plane, shortly after
midnight. Flying too low, under the delusion that
the beacon was still below him, the pilot with his
family as passengers, was barely able to clear the
hill, to land awkwardly at the edge of the airport
and nose over. From their cots in the now crowded
emergency hospital, they reported later that they
had passed Airport Six without stopping, intending
to buy fuel at Number Seven to take them on to
San Francisco before morning.

CHAPTER IVi

The Three Investigate

A HUGE bandaged figure was seated beside
the door of Tommy’s room at the barracks
upon his return from the company break-
fast hall the following morning.

  “Hello, Tommy.”

  “Why, hello, George, how are you? It looks as
though you ought to stay in bed for a few days
longer.”

  “No, I’m alright,” Boyer replied. “This dizzy
beacon business has been on my mind until I can’t
rest in the hospital, so I came over to see if you
and Tillotson wouldn’t come with me to scout
around and see what we can find.”

  “Yes, we shall be glad to go; wait until I call
him.”

  “I borrowed a car from one of the boys; I’ll be
waiting with it in front here.” The huge pilot moved
away with a pronounced limp.

  Tillotson was waiting with Tommy when Boyer
returned with the machine. A short drive skirting
the edge of the fenced landing area brought them
to the northern tip of the low hill on which the
beacon was located.

  “Can we drive around to the east side, Tommy?”
Boyer asked.

  “I believe so; take this road to the left. There
is a dim road to that house on the east slope of
the hill—here it is. I remember seeing it from
the air.”

  The road led around the point of Sentinel Hill
toward a long low adobe house lying directly east
of the beacon. They came to an abrupt stop at a
barb-wire fence surrounding the place. A weathered
wooden gate was before them.

  “The gatfe is locked, George. There’s a big
padlock on that chain around the post.”

  “Say, Tommy, who lives here?’’ Boyer, turning
off the motor, reached in his shirt pocket for a
cigarette.
50

AIR WONDER STORIES

  "I’ve heard he is a doctor of some sort. Let’s
see—his name is Lawson or Larson as I remember
it. He has lived here for years—was here when
[Transcontinental installed this airport and beacon.”
“He must be a radio amateur,” spoke up Tillot-
son, from the rear seat. “See that erection of wires
between those masts? That is just the kind of rig
my brother is always experimenting with on some
of the short wave bands.”

  Boyer was deliberately climbing out of the ma-
chine. “I’m going over and talk to him if he’s home;
maybe he has noticed something funny about the
light.”

Doctor Lawson

HIS companions followed, helping each other
through the fence by holding the strands of
wire apart. The place appeared to be deserted as
they approached, but Boyer crossed the low porch
and knocked loudly upon the door. The impatient
pilot rapped again, more insistently, when he was
Startled by a voice behind him.

  “What do you wish, please?” The three turned
and beheld a grey haired old man, of less than
medium height. He was wearing a chemist’s apron
over nondescript clothing and his feet were encased
in frayed carpet slippers. Sparkling blue eyes re-
garded them from under bushy brows.

  "Are you Dr. Larson?” asked Tommy.
  “Lawson, Lawson, not Larson.”

  "Pardon me Doctor. We saw your radio towers
and thought we would drop in to see your station,
if you don’t mind. We are from the Transcontinental
airport over the hill.”

  "I have no radio station. I am engaged at all
times in very intricate and important scientific re-
search and so do not make friends.”

  The finality of the statement caused an un-
comfortable pause. Tommy decided to try a new
angle.

  “We are having trouble with the beacon on the
hill, Doctor Lawson. It has caused a number of
bad crack-ups lately.” Tommy turned and pointed
to the tower as he spoke. Dr. Lawson looked at
it for a moment, then shrugged his shoulders.

  "Have you noticed anything peculiar about the
light from your house here?”

  "Peculiar? What do you mean?”

  Tommy felt uncomfortable under the fixed stare
of the old man but replied, “the beacon has ap-
peared to move as we flew toward it.”

  "Air!”

  “What did you say?”

  "Nothing, nothing,—go on.”

  "Sometimes the light seems to swing to the right
or the left as a pilot comes close to it. Several
planes have been wrecked and a number of men
killed because the beacon seemed to shoot sudden-
ly into the air. I suppose you have heard of the
trouble it has caused us however?”

  "No.”

  "Have you any suggestions to offer, Doctor?
Don’t you think that it may be caused by re-
fraction, as light rays are bent when they pass at
an angle through water? I have even thought of
what little I’ve read of the Einstein theory, in
connection with the bending of light rays from a
star as they pass near the sun,” Royce finished with
a smile.

  “What do you know of relativity? And as for
theories—bah! Why don’t these theorists prove
their statements? I’ll tell you why—because they
do not know how.” Lawson’s eyes glittered as he
became animated. "These men, Newton, Leverrier,
Michelson, Einstein, they thought they knew what
to look for but they go at it wrong. They try to
prove these things from the stars and by trying
to measure the velocity of the ether! I can show
in my researches how man can bend light in
degrees, many degrees, mind you, where others ob-
serve a bending of star light during an eclipse of
less than two seconds! I have done it in my labora-
tory. As for your beacon light—I am not inter-
ested.”

  The three pilots were momentarily bewildered
under the tirade and before any of them could
think of a suitable reply the man was gone,
shuffling around the corner of the adobe building.
The slam of a door was followed by silence.

  "That guy spoke over my head, but I bet he
knows more about the beacon than he told us,”
growled Boyer. “I’m going in the house.” He
gave an experimental yank at the door knob, as if
testing its strength.

  “Wait, George, let’s find out something about him
first. This is his property and we are trespassing.
I think he is crazy but he would have a right to
shoot us for housebreaking if you tear down the
door. Let’s go back to headquarters and find some-
one who knows what he was talking about.” Tillot-
son seconded Tommy’s suggestion that they wait
until the matter was reported to McCrea, and
Boyer reluctantly abandoned the idea of forcing
an immediate entry.

  The division traffic manager was more than in-
terested in the report of the meeting with Dr.
Lawson, and called in Mr. Clark, the chief radio
operator and the Bureau of Aeronautics inspector,
to hear the story.

  "How does it happen that the man is living so
close to the beacon,” inquired Cavanaugh.

  “It’s this way,” the San Francisco executive re-
plied. “I remember at the time we located this
airport, we tried to buy Sentinel Hill and found
out that it was part of the land owned by this
doctor or scientist. However, we finally reached
an agreement with him to lease a site for our
beacon tower, in return for the privilege of electrici-
ty from our power plant. The underground cables
were extended past the beacon to a point he de-
signated near his house. I remember we had to put
in an extra wire to switch the beacon on and off
from the field without cutting off his supply of
current.”

  “Yes,” added McCrea, "he insisted upon having
the meter for his extension located at the beacon
tower. We send a monthly statement through the
local post office and it is ahvays paid promptly by
check.”

  "Obviously the thing to do is investigate this
man’s laboratory or whatever it is he has in the
house.” Clark regarded the group thoughtfully for
a moment before he continued, “Royce, Tillotson
and Boyer, you three having found this lead ought
to be the ones to return tonight I think.” The men
nodded eager assent.

  “I should like to be a member of the party,”
said Cavanaugh.
THE BEACON OF AIRPORT SEVEN

51

  “Yes, I think you should go, as you have author-
ity as a representative of the Department of Com-
merce to enforce any orders for the safety of the
company’s planes. But I can't for the life of me
see how this Lawson is able to throw our planes
off their course. It is becoming ridiculous; only
this morning a man asked for permission to install
a portable television station on Sentinel Hill, to
transmit close-ups of the next crash over a nation-
wide chain of stations! So you men go as far as
you like tonight. Anything to stop this nonsense.”

Determined Action

THE beacon awoke with an unwinking glare and
started its continuous round of the sky as the
three pilots made their way with Cavanaugh along
the dim road to the gate. No light showed from
the adobe house as the sky grew dark and the only
sound was an even undertone coming from the air-
port where a liner warmed its motors beyond the
hill.

  The men approached the house in silence, making
their way to the side door which Dr. Lawson had
used. Shades were tightly drawn over the win-
dows but sounds of someone moving within the
building came to their ears.

  “I’ll try this door,” Boyer whispered and turned
the knob. It was not locked, so he pushed the door
back and cautiously entered followed by his com-
panions. They found themselves in a small room,
with a half-opened door ahead showing a glimpse
of a large well-lighted laboratory. The burly pilot
again took the lead moving toward the light.

 “Stop!” The command came from the next
room, and as Boyer paused Lawson appeared before
him.

  “Those wires across the door mean death if you
touch them. You cannot enter—go away. I am
busy with important experiments.”

  The intruders now saw that wires had been laced
back and forth across the opening. Boyer kicked
the door back against the wall as the others came
forward to stare into the laboratory.

  A long table occupied the center of the room,
with benches, book cases and a heterogeneous col-
lection of scientific apparatus lining the walls. Upon
the central table were row on row of radio tubes,
large coils, condensers, and switches, scattered
“breadboard fashion,” and connected with wires to
other instruments, unfamiliar in design. Dr. Lawson
was bent over a meter as he slowly turned the
knob of a large rheostat, paying no attention to
those watching him.

  “He’s a radio nut after all,” Tillotson said in an
undertone. “If I ever saw a ‘ham’ station, this is it."

  “No, it’s more than that,” Cavanaugh answered.
“The first plane is due in a few minutes; we must
find some way to break in. I think he has found
some method of bending light rays by means of
this apparatus and the antenna system outside.”

  “I’ll go pul! the switch at the meter on the
beacon tower,” Tillotson whispered.

  The scientist whirled from the table and sprang
to a large wall switch which he closed. “I heard
you, my friend and I have electrified the wire fence
around the house so you cannot leave. It is your

own fault for coming here.” The little man, grey
hair disheveled, glared at them from under his
shaggy brows, then deliberately turned his back
and continued his work at the table.

  “Doctor Lawson, we must know whether this
apparatus of yours is responsible for bending the
rays of the beacon light.” Tommy stood as close
as he dared to the wires as he addressed the man.

  “Yes, it is!” the scientist shouted, turning again
to stare at them unwinkingly with his sparkling
blue eyes. “Fly your planes somewhere else. Day
and night those infernal mechanisms roar over
my head, interfering with my research. If your
light is rendered useless, I am glad of it! I installed
my laboratory here long before the air field was
opened. I chose this location to be alone. If your
planes are wrecked I am glad! Glad! Glad!” His
voice rose to the shriek of a maniac with the last
words. A sudden spasm shook his meager frame,
then growing quiet he slowly shuffled toward the
doorway, stopping within bare inches of the wires.

  “But Doctor!” Cavanaugh exclaimed, “are you
trying deliberately to wreck the air liners and
murder the pilots?”

Lawson Confesses

THE scientist stood regarding them with a cun-
ning leer for a moment then spoke. “Are you
trying to kill a moth when you light a candle?
Because the fool fiys into the flame is that any
concern of yours? That is just what your planes
are—moths, blind, foolish moths. I throw on the
current from my generators, tune my apparatus to
a point in resonance with the wave-length of the
light from the beacon, and bend it as I will! It’s
not radio—it’s magnetism. Ordinary magnetism
attracts metals; the magnetism I have discovered
attracts light, because it is of a frequency in re-
sonance with the wave-length of light. That is why
the sun bends the light of stars passing near it.
Astronomers have discovered the parallax but they
have been too blind to know that it is because the
sun is discharging wave-lengths of all frequencies 1
One particular frequency bends the star light while
all the others do not affect it. I have found that
frequency and control it as I will.” The old man
paused for breath, though his eyes continued to
regard his audience malevolently.

  "But the light is not affected to the west.”

  “Of course not,” Lawson answered testily, “All
my apparatus is on this side of the beacon—to the
east.”

  Tommy, resolving to be agreeable in an effort
to win the further confidence of the madman, asked,
“how do you make the light move to either side
as well as down, Doctor?”

  “How, you ask? How does the revolving mag-
netic field in the coils of an electric motor induce
a revolving pull or torque on the armature? I
merely send the power through my outside wiring
system from the north to the south, and the
beacon's beam is bent sharply as it passes overhead.
Then I bend the light to the north merely by
throwing a switch. I switch the power to other
wires and bend the light down. I hear a plane
approaching—I'll do it now, I'll drive it into the
hill top!”

(Continued on page 88)
■

11

BK£mP

B

 l -W» 'i' fr-V

 iSJg^SS1/^

mmwm

mm

WvK'VCA

    “. . . Five hundred planes, headed nortliward
thousand going noriheast. Only a few parachutcs
almost every direction . .

five hundred going northwest . . . one
entire sky dotted with planes going in

52
A Futile Task

jpgy||||N 1940 the United States was unprepared

            That was the normal condition for this
g||y||| nation during the years of peace. Other
nations were in constant anticipation of hostilities
and, secretly and openly, were doing all that they
could do to precipitate war at the moment they
would be ready for it.

  After the Revolutionary War, the standing army
of the States was barely sufficient to garrison West
Point, while, year by year, after the World War,
the Pacifists did all in their power to destroy the
efficiency of the regular army. Even though every-
one who understood military tactics realized that
the next war was to be fought in the air, the
Air Corps of the Army was more and more neg-
lected. While commercial aviation was rapidly
growing in importance, military aviation was con-
tinually starved by insufficient appropriations. The
foreign nations could put thousands of the most
modern planes in the air in a day's notice, but
the United States was still making use of machines
that were antiquated survivors of the experimental
stage of flying.

  It must not be thought that Congress had no
warning of the dangers inherent in continually
slashing the appropriations for the Air Service.
Again and again, in every way possible, the stud-
ents of modern and future warfare thundered their
warnings. The political leaders of the nation paid
no more attention to their pleas than if they were
the buzzing of so many gnats. If the protesters be-
came too annoying, those in power simply had their
annoyers removed from the service.

  Consequently, the United States became the
richest, the best hated and the weakest nation in
the world. Trusting in her position, with two
oceans, one east and one west, a peaceful friend
to the north, and a weak nation on the south, the
Queen of the Western hemisphere felt that there
was nothing to fear. As a supreme proof of the
country’s ability to defend herself, the Pacifists
pointed with pride to the fact that practically every
nation in the world was
in debt to her. They
did not realize the truth
that this condition was
just as apt to make
enemies of the debtor
nations as it was to
make friends.

  Consequently, when
John Farrol arrived at
Washington with his
message of warning in
regard to a terrible
danger that was threat-
ening from Mexico, he
found no one willing to
listen to him. His tale
was so fantastic, so im-
possible, that the of-
cials, whom he talked

  to, even in the
War Department,
simply dismissed
him as a harmless
fanatic. For three
days he wandered
around the Ca-
pitol, growing
more and more
accustomed to the
rebuffs that were
being handed to
him, yet never
fully realizing the
fact that he was
being looked upon
as a paranoic. At
the end of this
time he saw that
he was making no headway, and took an evening
train to New York City. There as he was trying
to tell his story to the Mayor he was arrested
as a suspicious character, probably insane, and spent
his first night in the city in a police station.

  The next morning, thanks to the fact that he
kept his mouth shut about the Mexican trouble, he
was discharged for lack of evidence. Not a word of
his arrest was placed in the papers, due to its
absolute unimportance in the eyes of the reporters.
He was therefore placed in a peculiar position; the
great men of the nation had either refused to listen
to him, or, listening, had ridiculed him. He was
disgusted with politics, and, at the same time, as
horrified as ever with the knowledge that the na-
tion was in peril and that something had to be done.
After deep thought, he determined to see, if he
could, the President of the Universal Electric Com-
pany.

  That worthy, Jacob Strange by name, had risen
by sheer ability, from the position of office boy to
president. He was an inventor, an administrator
and a financier. Under his leadership, Universal
Electric had assumed a dominant position in the
industrial world, and had placed several startling
patents on the market which were as successful
financially as they were perfect from the stand-
point of electrical en-
gineering. Strange was
a man of moods, and a
constant reader of liter-
ature. He was pos-
sessed of both imagin-
ation and initiative.
His life was divided
into periods of intense
work and calm loafing.
So fortunately, John
Farrol arrived at the
offices o f Universal
Electric during one of
these periods of loafing.

  A Sympathetic Ear

HE passed through
the outer office by
virtue of a fraternity
pin; he was able by

 J T)R KELLER, the well \nown author and \
    physician, needs no introduction to our
    readers. He may always be relied upon to do
    the unusual as well as the extraordinary, and
    yet his stories have a reality that bring his
    ideas vividly home.

        In the present story, he gives us an inkling
      of what is lively to happen at any time and
      which also serves as a warning that America
      is by no means supreme in the air.

        Automatically controlled airplanes are no
     longer a novelty; indeed, as long as 10 years
     ago, the French government sent an airplane
     aloft that cruised for some hours, without a
     single being on board. It was controlled en-
     tirely by radio waves from the ground.

        We are certain you will enjoy the present
 \ offering of this versatile author.	f

DAVID II. KELLER. H.D.

53
54

AIR WONDER STORIES

certain mysterious words whispered in the ear of the
private secretary to send a message to Strange,
and finally he spent three hours with the President,
privately, during which he told every thing he
knew about the impending danger. The fact was
that the captain of industry believed every word
told him. The message was unusual, but, to the
man trained in the modern sciences grouped around
electricity, there was nothing impossible about it.

  “Here is the problem, Mr. Strange,” John Farrol
began. “Mexico has formed a treaty with Japan,
the object being the complete conquest of the
United States. I suppose that when this end is ac-
complished, Japan will claim the states west of the
Rocky Mountains and Mexico some of the South
western states. They may even reduce the United
States to the territory east of the Mississippi River
That point is a matter of unimportant detail. Japan
has to have a landing point. She needs Mexico as
a base. Mexico needs money and supplies. Their
plan is this; to send a bombing fleet of planes to
blow every big city in the nation to splinters.
While the country is recovering from this shock
and is wondering what it means, an invading army
of Japs and Mexicans will capture New Orleans,
Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago and St. Louis.
By the time that our country is ready to fight, every-
thing west of the river will be conquered. They
are not going to declare war . . . they are simply
going ahead to destroy our cities over night. I be-
lieve that they are going to use as many as twenty
thousand bombing planes, each capable of carry-
ing over a ton of powerful explosives.”

  For the first time the President of Universal
Electrics shook his head.

  "Each of those planes would require two men.
That would mean 40,000 experienced pilots. There
are not that many in the whole world.”

  “I realize that, but these planes are not going
to have pilots . . . not human ones.”

  "Do you mean robots?”

  “Something like that. Perhaps you remember
reading about that small steam yacht that was sent
out to sea, swung around, and returned to the dock
without a pilot? The machinery on that boat was
governed from the shore by wireless waves; the
steering, the rate at which the machinery worked,
was finally and completely under the control of a
man on shore, who operated at a switchboard. At
a certain distance from shore, he shut off the en-
gine and the boat coasted back to the dock. Now,
I know that the Japs have perfected this radio con-
trol of a plane. Each of the planes has a gyroscope.
Started at a certain height, pointed in a certain
direction, those planes will go on at a definite speed.
The operators in Mexico can determine within a
few minutes just when a plane will be over New
Orleans or St. Louis. At that minute they will
press a button which will release the ton of ex-
plosive. They do not care what happens to the
plane. The few thousands that it costs is a mere
trifle.”

  “It could all be done”, finally answered Jacob
Strange. “That is, I mean that I could put my men
to work and perfect such an apparatus in con-
nection with a plane. Of course, that yacht was just
a toy. I think something like that was done with an
automobile too. The difference between guiding

an auto and an airplane is probably simply a matter
of detail. But it would require a wonderful brain
to put a plan like that into operation. I did not
know that the Japs had a man good enough to in-
vent a wireless controlled plane.”

  "They did not have. It is my invention. They
stole it from me three years ago. Perhaps you
are not willing to believe that? You will have to.
I tried to sell the entire patent to the United States
Government and the people in Washington thought
that I was a crank. I was mad, but not enough to
try and sell it to a power like France or Germany,
but I did think that I could interest one of the
small countries in Asia, like Afghanistan. So, I
sailed from San Francisco, intending to go to Japan,
and from there overland. They got me in Tokio; I
was in a hospital for three months with a fractured
skull. By the time that I was able to ask questions,
the trail was cold. Nothing was taken out of my
baggage except my plans for the wireless control
of a plane.

  “I was destitute; so, I took the first job that I
could get, and that was in the Burns plant in
Tokio. I suppose you know that the Burns people
assemble planes there for sale in eastern Asia? The
plant was making so many of them and selling so
many that I became suspicious; but, by that time.
I had learned to keep my mouth shut. What I
wanted to know was who was buying all those planes
and where they were going. They certainly were
not being used in Japan. I went to the American
Ambassador, and he laughed at me. No use telling
you about that, though. Then, after a hard time,
I found that these planes were all being shipped
out of the country, some to Korea and some to
China. I got the names of some of these ships and
their destination. Going to those ports, 1 found
that they had never arrived. It did not take much
reasoning power to arrive at the conclusion that
they were going to a secret destination. Of course,
I was taking my life in my hands, but I felt in-
terested; so, I went on one of those ships as a
stowaway. I finally landed on the Mexican coast.
If I wanted to, I could write a story about that
voyage and sell it, but what’s the use? No one
would believe me. There I was on the west coast
of Mexico, at a port that had no name—desolate as an
inferno and just as hot! I started out for the desert
and watched, and those planes, one by one, rose in
the air and went like bees over the desert. Going
somewhere, see?

  “I was accustomed by that time to being hungry,
and the only way to find where those planes were
going was to go after them. Fortunately, it was
not far. Fifty miles from the coast there was as
pretty a flying field as you ever saw, in what seemed
to be the bottom of an old volcano. It was sur-
rounded by low mountains. There was not a breath
of air—and room on the sandy floor for thirty
thousand planes!

Farrol’s Plan

“T GOT up on top of one of those mountains,
-**- found a spring, made a rabbit trap, and, some-
how, lived for another three weeks. There were
hundreds of men down there, a regular little tent
city, but that was not what was interesting to me.
It was the stuff that they were doing in the air that
at first was so puzzling, but, of course, I soon
THE BLOODLESS WAR

55

tumbled to it. A man would take one of those big
planes up in the air, about one thousand feet, and
then he would come down in a parachute. The
plane would go on for a few miles, turn around
and then glide down to the ground. Sometimes,
when it was up in the air, a small package would
drop from the bottom.

  ‘‘After thinking over it for some days, I saw
what had happened. Those Japs had discovered
that I had an invention for the control of planes
by radio waves. That is why they nearly killed me
in Tokio. Now, they were assembling a great fleet
of planes in this isolated valley and learning how
to control them by my invention. And they were
doing it! Those little packages, that they were
dropping out of the planes were dummy explosives.
Their release was provided for by my invention.

  ■'Someway, I managed to reach the border. I was
starved and broke. I tried to get money ... no
one would listen to me. So, I started to go to work.
I saved my money, and, just as soon as I could,
I went to Washington. All that they did to me
there was laugh at me. Then I went to New York
and tried to see the Mayor, and I was arrested as
a suspicious character. However, I managed to
make them believe that I was harmless, and when
they released me I came here. It is my idea that
those Japs are going to blow our cities into
eternity.”

  “That is just your idea?”

  “Yes.”

  “No real dope to back the idea with?”

  “Nothing but common sense. What would they
want with twenty thousand planes? What would
be the use of perfecting my pilotless plane and
practicing the electrical release of the bombs?
Nothing commercial about that, is there? That
means war, and the only place to wage war, if they
attack us, is on the Mexican border.”

  “I believe you are right,” the President of Uni-
versal Electric finally said. “But I want to be sure
that you know what you are talking about. You
cannot fool my experts. I am going to call three
of them in and you describe your invention to them.
If they say that it is practical, we will see what we
can do to save the nation.”

  For the next three hours John Farrol talked to
an audience of four men who probably knew more
practical electrical science than any other four men
in the United States. At the end of that time he
convinced them that he actually had invented a
practical method for controlling the flight and the
course of an aeroplane without a pilot. The matter
of releasing the bomb at a certain time was simply
a matter of definite radio waves.

  “I think,” finally remarked President Strange,
“that Farrol and I had better go to Washington
and see the President and the Secretary of War.”
“It would not do a bit of good,” replied John
Farrol. “They would not believe us, and, even if
they did, it would simply precipitate the war by
premature publicity. My idea is to work this
problem out ourselves.”

  “But how?”

  “Somewhat like this. They will send those planes
out in large groups, probably twenty-five for New
Orleans, fifty for St. Louis, one hundred for
Denver, three hundred for the Canal Zone. Maybe
as many as five hundred for cities like Chicago and

New York. These groups will all go out at the
same time and be under the control of the same
wave lengths. They will be supposed to travel in
a straight line, but, at the same time, they will be
capable of being guided by radio waves from the
central office in Mexico. In my description of the
proper use of such fleets for commercial purposes,
I advised that in each fleet of freight planes there
be one plane with a pilot who would serve to send
messages by radio as to the exact location of the
airfleet. Suppose we imagine five hundred planes
sent in a bee line from Mexico to New York?
Among these will be a plane with a pilot. When
the squadron of planes arrives at New York, the
pilot sends a signal to the central office and they
send out the radio wave necessary to release the
five hundred bombs, each weighing over a ton.

  "That means five hundred tons of some powerful
explosive, liberated at the same time and tearing
five hundred sections of New York to pieces. What
is to be done? Simply this. I know that you have
done a lot of work with radio and the telephone.
You know all that there is to be known about the
amplification of sound. Make the largest one that
you can and tune it in for the earliest detection of
five hundred airplane motors. They cannot run five
hundred of those new Burns motors in one group
without making a lot of noise. Then, just as soon
as it is certain that the fleet is heading for New
York, capture it.”

  “Capture it!” exclaimed President Strange.
“Certainly. It is under the control of certain
wave lengths, sent from Mexico. I know just exactly
how that was described in my patent papers. I
do not believe that there is a man, either in Mexico
or Japan, who has the ability to change that code.
Now, we will send a radio wave to that special
fleet that is to attack New York, causing the entire
fleet to go sharply to the right. That is all, that
we are going to do. The fleet goes 011. Of course,
the pilot may realize that he is off the course and
then he may not. We shall have to take chances.
Perhaps there will not be any pilot. At any rate,
we will have those planes going out over the
Atlantic. When we are sure that they are in the
right place, we will release the bombs, but they
will be released anyway, because the planes will
make a certain speed, and they will have estimated
the exact time at which they reach New York. Of
course, by that time, they will be out over the At-
lantic. Even if they do not release the bombs, the
planes are going to land in the ocean, because they
are going to run short of gas.”

  “That ought to work for New York, but how
about the other cities?”

  “I think that we can work them. Each fleet will
be operating under a different code, but the key
code that I invented will control any of the varia-
tions, just as a bunch of skeleton keys always has
a master key. We will have a large sound receptor
and amplifier in every city that we expect to be
attacked, and a trained man at every city station.
The air fleet, attacking the western cities, can be
sent out to the Pacific. Those threatening the Gulf
and Atlantic Coast cities can easily be deflected east-
ward. I think that the best thing that we can do
with the valley cities is to turn the fleets around
and send them right back to Mexico to blow up the
great, wide, open spaces. Perhaps, we can dispose
56

AIR WONDER STORIES

of the Chicago and St. Louis assault by sending
them to pieces in the bad lands of the Dakotas.
You want to remember one point. The logical thing
for them to do is to send these fleets out at different
times so that all the cities will be torn to bits within
at least one hour of each other. That means that
just as soon as we hear one fleet, we can at once
expect the other. Naturally, the great flocks of air-
birds, sent to destroy the larger cities, will be heard
first, because they will make the most noise.”

  "Let me ask you one thing, Mr. Farrol,” said
President Strange. "Do you really think that Uni-
versal Electrics can handle this themselves?”

  "You have to! You control the electrical and
radio brains of the nation. The Japs are going to
send twenty thousand planes over within twenty-
four hours of each other. What could the nation do,
fighting them in the old way? We have not nearly
that many pilots, counting them all. If we should
destroy a machine, the bomb would fall with the
machine anyway and do a certain amount of dam-
age. We could do something with individual planes.
During the last war, our pilots were just as brave
as any, and we still have brave men in the service;
but the odds against them would be too great. Be-
sides, there is the question of my pride. Those
Japs stole my invention and fractured my skull.
If I can invent a radio control of those planes, I
can use that control to take charge of their planes.
I want to do it. I can have your factory make
the necessary apparatus in a few days. I believe
that you have in your employ fifty men that are
brilliant enough to learn the code and how to use
it. Place a man and an amplifier and a control
set in every large city. If you can do so, put extra
men there, so that during every minute of the 24
hours, a man can be constantly on duty. Have all
three men sleep and eat and live at the machines.”
The President of the Electrical Company looked
at his experts.

  "Can we do it?” he asked.

  "We have to!” was their only reply.

A Great Gamble

FROM that moment on there was no rest for
John Farrol and the wizards of the Universal
Electric. They worked and ate and slept, when
they had to, and soon awoke to work and eat to
another point of exhaustion. President Strange took
his full share of the work. At the end of the ten
days the apparatus was finished, and shipment was
begun to every large city in the United States and
the Canal Zone. At each of these cities an office
was opened on the roof of the Universal Electric
building and the three guardians of the safety of
that city installed. With a sigh of relief, Farrol and
Strange received the wireless message from San
Francisco that that station was all ready for any
emergency.

  There was now nothing to do except to wait.
The entire work, costing several millions of
dollars, had been done on the guess of one man
as to what was going to happen. If he guessed
wrong; if, through the silence of Strange and
Farrol, the cities of the United States were blown
to bits, then, one of the greatest and most needless
tragedies of history would be the result.

  Without taking Farrol into his confidence.

Strange had employed several of the most brilliant
detectives in the States to make an examination of
this new Mexican aviation camp and of the proposed
army invasion. Their report confirmed in every
detail the story that Farrol had told during the
first interview. There were over a thousand trained
aviators there in the camp, but not one of them was
to do anything more than simply take the machines
up in the air, place them under the automatic con-
trol and then parachute down. No pilot was to
actually make the trip. Try as the detectives could,
they could not learn when the attack was to be
made, but it was a simple matter for Strange to
have an observation station located in the heights
of the surrounding mountains and a powerful trans-
mitting station installed. They found furthermore
signs of strange activity at the Pacific Coast where
a great number of presumably commercial vessels
had gathered. And yet America slumbered un-
aware of the danger.

  From the observation station, the first news of
the attack came to the weary and almost desperate
men in the central office at New York. It came
through in code, a code that read something about
the peach blossoms being in bloom and the skylark
soaring in the sky. The . . . and the . . . followed
each other in rapid succession, and finally read,
when decoded:

  “Five hundred planes headed northward ten
minutes ago. Now five hundred are going north-
west. (Silence for 10 minutes) one thousand going
north east. Can see perfectly. Only a few para-
chutes. Must have perfected a means of starting
without pilots. (One hour later). Entire sky dotted
with planes going in almost every direction ex-
cept south. Growing dark but can hear planes.”

  Morning came and still the radio told of departing
planes. At last, came the final message.

  “Still some planes at the camp. No activity. Do
not believe that there will be any more fleets sent
out. Probable that the other planes will be sent
out tomorrow for observation purposes. Shall we
close station? Radio instructions.”

  From the time that the first message had been
sent out from this observation station on the moun-
tain top overlooking the camp, the word of warning
had been flashed to each of the fifty control stations.

  Now began one of the strangest, most peculiar
and most remarkable battles that was ever fought
for the control of a nation. On one side were
twenty thousand airplanes, hurling through the air,
governed in the flight by radio waves from a cen-
tral station, and not one of those planes carrying
a human being, either as passenger or as pilot.
Those planes were being sent against fifty of the
great cities of the United States, in some instances,
as many as five hundred being directed against a
single city. They were started at different times,
their departure being so arranged that the cities
would all be bombed within an hour of each other.
Twenty- thousand planes each carrying a ton of high
explosives, probably a hundred times as effective
as the T. N. T. of the World War.

  Opposed to these there was not a single airplane.
When the great fleets of the air ships passed over
the United States that night, they were practically
unobserved. Flying in triangular formation at a
great height, they might have been looked on by
the country people as flocks of wild geese, or
THE BLOODLESS WAR

57

migrating ducks. The War Department did not
realize what was going on till it was all over; even
had they realized the danger on the last day, they
would have been unable to put more than two hun-
dred combat planes into the battle, and these fleets
of enemy airplanes were moving in so many di-
rections that no concerted movement would have
been possible in an effort to stop them.

  The battle in the air was one of waves, not of
machine guns. From the date of this battle, men
(lew in the air, but gave up all idea of duelling with
each other. Twenty thousand deadly planes crossed
the border that night, and their only opposition was
composed of one hundred and fifty trained radio
operators at fifty stations, one station in each of
the threatened cities. Three men to save New York
from destruction; three more men to keep desola-
tion from Chicago; three men to ward off threaten-
ing doom from cities like Denver, Philadelphia and
Los Angeles.

 > v

Saved!

JOHN Farrol and Jacob Strange were in charge
of the New York station. What happened there
was typical of what happened at each of the others.
The two men sat at the radio controls, silently
waiting for their sound receptors to tell the news
of the approaching fleet. The amplification was as
powerful as modern science could devise. An en-
tirely new invention enabled the distance of the
approaching sounds to be recorded on a dial. Con-
sequently, it was an easy matter to determine the
position of the coming fleet at any minute. The
men waited at the controls, pale, sweating, and,
in spite of themselves, trembling. In deadly silence,
a half dozen experts stood near them.

  Suddenly, John Farrol exclaimed,

  "The New York fleet is passing over Philadel-
phia! The time has come to swing them into the
ocean!”

  He started to broadcast in code. Again and again
he sent the same message. Meantime, he was look-
ing at the distance dial. Suddenly, the hand, which
had recorded ninety miles, paused, and then ad-
vanced slowly, eighty, seventy, sixty, fifty, forty ...
the experts looked at each other. Was it a failure?
Was the entire protective scheme useless? But
they saw the thin, white face of Farrol, the in-
ventor, relax, and then smile. Now, the hand on
the distance dial began to move in the opposite di-
rection . . . fifty . . . sixty . . . seventy . . : one
hundred . . . long minutes of waiting that seemed
eternity. The sound from the amplifying receptors
seemed to be growing less. Three hundred miles.

  “They are out to sea. The nation is saved!"
exclaimed Farrol, turning to the President of the
Universal Electric. “I think that I shall try to
liberate the bombs. Of course, we shall never know
whether they have dropped or not, for they will
fall into the ocean instead of on the greatest city
in the world. Still, we had better try to release
them, for there is no telling how far the planes
will go before they run out of gas.”

  For another ten seconds he broadcasted another
code signal. Then he arose from his seat, and wiped
his sweat covered face.

  “Mr. Strange,” he said, "We ought to get in
touch with the other stations. Are you sure that

they had orders to call us up when their work was
finished?”

  But, as though in answer to his question, mess-
ages began to come in code through the air. San
Francisco and Los Angeles had had no trouble in
sending their enemies into the Pacific Ocean. In
fact, the next half hour disclosed the fact that all
of the coast cities had successfully provided a
watery grave for their antagonists. The border
cities, like San Antonio and Houston, had been
unable to completely reverse the course of the fleets
attacking them, but. at the same time, had been
able to send them out into the Gulf of Mexico.
Chicago and St. Louis had sent their fleets into the
Dakotas and were anxiously trying to make them
drop their bombs in the prairies before they crossed
the Canadian border. In every case, the threatened
cities had been saved. It was too early to tell what
damage had been done by the bombs dropped in the
rural districts of the border states, or whether
Canada had escaped loss of life or property.

  The finishing of the reports could be left to
subordinates. Now was the time for sharper action.
Farrol and Strange left at once by air express for
Washington. There they demanded and obtained
an interview with the President and his cabinet.
In a few words they told the story of the threatened
cataclysm and how the danger had been averted.
It was for the President and his advisers to decide
on a satisfactory plan of action against Mexico and
Japan. This was difficult. No state of war had been
declared, and, as far as was known, not a life had
been taken. Most of the attacking planes were
sunk in the oceans, and, thus, their value as evidence
was destroyed. It was realized that the enemies
had a spy system that would not waste any time
in reporting the entire failure of the proposed de-
struction of billions of dollars of property.

  Even as they sat there debating on their next
move, the Mexican Ambassador called in person.
He bore a personal message from the President of
his nation. There had been a serious misunder-
standing. The country below the Rio Grande had
been badly treated by Japan. They had made an
agreement, so they thought, only for commercial
purposes, but, when it was too late, they had dis-
covered that military action was intended. The
Mexican Government seriously regretted this and
hoped that there had been no loss of life or serious
destruction of property. If anyone had been killed,
they were willing to pay an indemnity. This
message was delivered in a most serious manner to
the President and his cabinet, augmented by the
presence of Farrol and Strange.

Farrol Speaks Out

THE President of the United States heard this
remarkable statement without moving a muscle
of his face. He was a good politician and realized
that now was the time to do some quick acting.
He suggested that at one a treaty, offensive and
defensive, be drawn up and signed by both nations.
The Mexican Ambassador was delighted with the
suggestion; he said that he had full power to act
in any way that he saw best for the interest of
his country, and he was sure that nothing would
be better for Mexico than to have the good wishes
of her Northern sister.

(Continued on page 87)

FOREWORD

was in examining the precious stack
of documents that lay carefully wrapped
and ticketed in the old-fashioned vault

_(that our ancestors called a “safe” that

1 came across this manuscript, which in view of
its great historical worth, I feel obliged to publish
that all men may read.

  We, today, being a race possessing wings, know
the few facts of our peculiar evolution. But
’cold facts like a cold egg do not attract our atten-
tion or pique our appetite. And so in order to
give more vivid understanding of what actually
took place, I am presenting the story of my an-
cestor who, to use a quaint idiom of his day “typed”
these chapters of the great and most picturesque
period of world history.

  Almost five hundred years have passed and
the pages of the manuscript are yellowed by time,
but it is possible in reading them for one to re-
live the tale in its colorful telling. One has only
to lift his eye to the air above him and see his
fellow-man flying as the birds fly with wings out-
spread, to become thankful that he is not like his
ancestors of centuries ago who had to depend upon
a poor sort of flying contraption that had been
handed down to him. They did not know the pure
joy of soaring above the eagles' heads and adding
voice to that of the meadow lark. And realizing
this the world can bow heads in reverence to the
Martyred President of America and send up a
prayer of thanks to our common ancestor, Howard
Mentor!

  One could write at length 011 the advantage of
having wings, in fact, our literature contains many
such extravaganzas. In fact some of our humorous
writers have pictured how we would have to live
if we reverted back to our poor earth-chained an-
cestors of the early twentieth century. They must
have lived a pitiful existence.

So our story starts in 1945.

CHAPTER ONE

LESLIE STONE

  Alarming News

■T was Harry Brent

I1

who made the
“scoop” and The
American came out-
on one fine morning
with four-inch scare-
heads devoting their
entire front page to
the news relegating
the less important de-
tails of murders, rob-
beries, gang-wars,
stocks and floods to in-
side pages. The Warby
father-daughter murder

 / CT"HE present story is quite an extraordinary \

     one, and aside from adventure, suspense
 and interest, it contains excellent science.

   A well-\nown evolutionist once said that if
 it were absolutely necessary for humanity to
 have four arms ami hands instead of two, the
 extra members would in time be evolved
 Hature always \eeps pace with necessity, par-
 ticularly if this necessity is vital. Once a
 member is no longer vital, it promptly is dis-
 carded, such as for instance, tails in human
 beings. It may not be \nown generally, that
 among the human family, there are so-called
 "throw-bac\s,” which still have a prehensile
 tail

   The author has made use in this tale of an
 evolution of a most remar\able character and
 carries the reader on from chapter to chapter
 with never-ending suspense.

 went begging for
 space. It was
 really hard on
 those concerned.
 Later, we report-
 ers, condoled with
 Annabel Warby
 because the time
 was inauspicious
 for a first-class
 murder.

The American
flaunted its news.

NORDIC FE-
MALES UN-
SAFE IN LATIN
AMERICA!

MANY OF AMERICA’S FAIREST HAVE
VANISHED WITHOUT TRACE!!

New Race of Men with Wings Believed Responsi-
ble for the Strange Disappearances of
Visiting White Women 1
IT IS REVEALED THAT SOUTH AMERICAN
OFFICIALS HAVE PURPOSELY SUP-
PRESSED WORD OF ABDUCTORS FEAR-
ING LOSS OF TOURIST TRADE!!!

  The newsboys made a bedlam of the streets with
their ballyhoo voices interpreting the news as each
saw it, and their papers went like hot-cakes.

  In the editorial chambers of the New York News
half-a-dozen or so of us reporters sat about dis-
cussing this latest tidbit, lamenting that it was
Brent instead of us who had nosed out this de-
lectable morsel. The wonder of it was that he had
managed so adroitly to keep it all under cover until
he had unearthed all the corresponding details and
that no other paper had smelled it out.

  The accounts described the strange abductions
in detail, but the signed columns of Brent’s held the
meat of the whole affair.

“In s e a r c h i n g,” he
said, “through the re-
cords of various South
American cities I was
startled in discovering
that the old files held
record of many un-
sol v e d woman-nap-
pings as far back as
two hundred years be-
fore, and that then, as
today, only women of
Anglo-Saxon, Celtic
and Scandinavian blood
appear to have been
the victims!

“That fact in itself
points to at least one
clue, and it is evident
therefore that all these

59
60

AIR WONDER STORIES

strange disappearances can be laid to one person
or ring working under one head. The South
American police have naturally been baffled, for in
all these years no other clue has ever come to the
surface, and all the combined efforts of the various
goverments of the Latin countries have not availed
in discovering the culprits.

  “What is hard to understand is how have they
managed to keep these serious matters away from
the world. Of course such news would be most
injurious to the nations of South America who look
forward to the in-pouring of tourists and wealthy
visitors. In Brazil the Argentine, Chile, Peru,
Ecuador, Bolivia, Colombia and in fact every coun-
try where white women have visited the toll has
been taken. How many more than the four hundred
and thirty-five recorded kidnappings have taken
place, we have no way of telling. And perhaps our
South American friends might have continued to
hide the truth had not the abductors themselves be-
come so careless in their actions as to give away
more clues, forced themselves, in fact, on public
attention, so that our friends below the equator
were forced to admit what was happening!

  “I might even say that the woman-stealers have
become incensed by the attitude of the South
American police, at the utter disregard of them by
the officials, and are now making it a point to
bring themselves to the notice of the world. On the
other hand it may be that, so long unrestrained,
they are merely becoming careless and with a spirit
of bravado are indulging in wild escapades, in ex-
travagant gestures.

  "It was the disappearance of Marion Hally,
daughter of the well-known Herbert Hally, sports-
man and dilettante artist of New York, that first
brought Rio de Janeiro to the realization that some-
thing had to be done. In two weeks’ time more in-
formation has come to light than in over two cen-
turies.

  “On March 4th the thing happened, but for al-
most two weeks the news was kept secret as there
was hope of finding the missing girl. It was the
father that exposed the truth to the public when
he offered the munificent reward of one hundred
thousand dollars for the recovery of his daughter
or at least for word as to her whereabouts. The
story was printed on handbills and distributed
throughout the city as it was evident that Hally
would not depend on the newspapers to make the
announcement.

  “The story says that Miss Hally had gone for
a jaunt on her horse, followed only by an attendant
by the name of Jose, through the winding paths
of the vast estate of Senor Alvarez Ricardi y
Murado at whose home the Hallys were visiting.
The equerry kept a respectable distance behind his
lady, speeding his horse as they rounded each curve
so as to keep her in sight. The ride was, at first,
anything but eventful; the sun was hot, the day
warm. Gradually Jose fell farther and farther
behind until suddenly awakened by the shying of
his horse he recalled his responsibility and whip-
ping up his horse was surprised to find his mistress
riding in the company of a man who was likewise
horsed.

  "The stranger’s costume struck Jose as singular,
since the equestrian was entirely wrapped in a

black, completely enfolding cape. Under his wide-
brimmed hat was a tanned hawkish face that re-
minded the equerry of a bird. Miss Hally appeared
very much interested in her escort and the two were
conversing with animation. Jose fell back again and
was aroused from his lethargy only when a piercing
scream brought him to attention. Spurring up his
horse he raced ahead. The path took a wide curve,
a hairpin curve in truth and although the voice was
near at hand it was necessary for him to ride in
a wide circle to reach the spot from where the
voice had come. He saw the two horses grazing
quietly beside the road but there was no sign of
their riders!

  "Leaping from his horse Jose looked about. On
the ground ten feet away he found the long cape
of the stranger, and to it was adhering several black
feathers, glossily ashine, and several inches in
length. Farther on he found Miss Hally's stiff
little riding hat. But though he searched in all di-
rections and repeatedly called her name there was no
answer. Once he glanced up at the sky and saw
what appeared to be a large bird of black flying
high and very swiftly though he appeared to be
carrying a burden. It was only after much question-
ing that he bethought himself of the bird, but, of
course, the police did not consider that a clue.
Nevertheless the disappearance of Marian Hally is
still one of the unsolved mysteries.

  "In the following week there were several tales
that paralleled that of Miss Hally. And it was found
that there was always a man with a black cape near
the scene of the abduction. Someone was sure to
liken him to a bird and usually a few feathers of
different colors were found! The hue and cry went
out for a black caped man.

  “It was in Quito, Ecuador, on March 17th that
the real clue came to light. It was in the new Sal-
vadora Hotel where Miss Hilda Berkenhart was
visiting with her father. The Berkenharts are of
old Swedish-German stock and Miss Berkenhart,
blonde and handsome, was often spoken of as the
V'iking Maid. Junoesque, tall, wide-shouldered,
overflowing with the vitality of her healthy body,
she was a true daughter of that once great race,
a prize-winner if ever there was one.

  “It appears that she, with several other guests
of the hotel, had entered the lift. One by one the
others got off at their floors. She had a room several
floors higher. She, and a tall slender man with fine
aquiline features, and wearing a dark blue cape that
hung to his feet, were now the only occupants
beside the elevator-boy. The latter was a small
slender Irishman who had found his way into the
tiny country on the Equator, and he was sudden-
ly aroused from his memories of the Emerald Isle
as he realized his male passenger had addressed
him. ‘Drive to the roof!’ had been the command.

  “Miss Berkenhart started to protest, but turning
the boy saw that the be-caped man held a revolver
trained on them both. Up they went to the roof.
‘Get out!’ The girl and boy under the persuasion of
the gun hurried to obey. From under his cape the
man next brought forth a length of cord. ‘Tie her
hapds together,’ he had directed the elevator oper-
ator; and under the menace of the revolver the girl
allowed him to do it. ‘Now tie her feet’. That was
done. ‘Go back to the lift now and descend to the
lobby!’
MEN WITH WINGS

61

  “Quaking, the youth retreated to the elevator
shaft and started the motor, but he did not descend
far. He lowered the machine just enough to allow
his eyes to be on a level with the roof-floor. So
noiseless was the well-oiled machinery that the
man in the cape did not hear. Later the operator
reported what he had seen. The man had already
crossed to the girl’s side and said something to her
that the closed door of the lift muffled, but the
boy saw her smile bravely. Then the strange man
tossed off his cape!

  “The boy had to rub his eyes to make sure of
what he had seen. The man was standing in a
close-fitting costume of white that seemed skin-
tight, decorated with a snow of colored feathers—
bright and glistening. However, that was not the
strangest part of him. He was winged! On his
back pressed against his shoulder blades were a
pair of wings, wings such as a condor might have.
The boy swore they were easily five feet in length
from the shoulder blades to within a few inches of
the man’s heel, wings with long glossy feathers of
golden brown intermingled with yellow and darker
shades of brown. For joy of being free from the
binding cape the wings seemed to stretch them-
selves and there was easily a spread of twelve feet
from tip to tip!

  "Smiling kindly the winged man had turned to
the girl who tried to draw away from him in fear.
The Irish boy admitted that the man was hand-
some, with his bird-like features and his dark wavy
hair and sea-blue eyes that had the distance of the
sky in their depths. He walked toward Miss
Berkenhart and as gently as a mother picked her
up, settled her comfortably in his arms and with
a great surge of those gigantic wings arose straight
up into the heavens with his burden.

  “For several moments the boy watched the flight,
and on the streets below were people who were
staring in wonder, for they too had seen the take-
off. When the youth reached the hotel lobby his
eyes were rolling. He reported what he had seen. A
great roar took hold of the city. The boy’s word was
not doubted. Others had seen. Rather the fellow
was looked upon as a saviour. At last there was
something tangible to work on. A winged man
had carried off Miss Berkenhart. A winged man
had carried off Miss Hally! Winged men had
carried off women in South America for two hun-
dred years. It was all explained. Latin America
is satisfied. The mystery is solved!”

  “Is the mystery solved?” asked Brent in con-
cluding. “Surely it has just begun. What are these
men with wings? Who are they? From whence
have they come? What sort of beings are they?
Has Science overlooked something? Is Darwin
right? What have evolutionists to say? Does this
prove or disprove? And what has become of our
women, our girls that have been carried away?
For what?”

  Brent then went on to question the possibilities.
Had South America given birth to a new race of
men? Was there some Lost World in that half-
explored continent? Were these new creatures
birds or men?

A Strange Tale

npHE next day the papers came out with edi-
torials concerning this new man, this new
menace. Had a new race actually been evolved?
Was this to change the entire theory of evolu-
tion? Where would Darwin and his monkeys be
now? Could it be true that the Pterodactyl, the
flying reptile, was our ancestor instead of the ape?
Was South America a new breeding-place of man?

  New tales of abductions appeared. It looked as
if this alated race had come out of their two cen-
turies of seclusion and were deliberately making
war upon humanity, on white women! A pilot
flying over a section of the Brazilian jungles came
back with the tale of his sighting a winged man
and giving chase. He tells of having caught up with
the fellow, and he estimated that the flying creature
was traveling at the speed of about eighty miles
per hour!

  Seeing the plane draw alongside of him the bird-
man waved and before the pilot realized his in-
tention he had risen above the machine and then as
lightly as a bird alighted on a wing, as close to the
pilot as he could.

  Pedro Mureno, the pilot, described the fellow as
a young chap of perhaps twenty-two with fair hair
and blue eyes. His wings were snowy white. He
smiled brightly and appeared very curious about
the plane, his eyes darting about and taking it all
in. The speed of the machine evidently intrigued
him for it was doing a hundred and fifty miles an
hour. He crawled through the struts to the pilot's
side and attempted to converse with him, but the
noise of the engine prevented that.

  Mureno turned a loop for the edification of the
youth and performed several other maneuvers and
stunts, and the boy laughed with pleasure. Mureno
thought of taking him back to the base a prisoner,
but, as if divining his purpose, the other laughed
again, crawled to the edge of the wing and dropped
from the plane. Mureno circled him for several
minutes chagrined that he was unable to make his
capture.

  Taking the opportunity to show off, the winged
youth now did stunts. Rising rapidly above the
plane he suddenly closed his wings so that he fell
like a stone for almost five hundred feet and as
suddenly opened his wings halting his fall as
abruptly as he began it. He gave a pretty demon-
stration of a bird chasing insects, darting, banking,
soaring, whirling and plunging with the sun ashine
upon the beauty of his snow-white plumage.

  He turned somersaults, lay on his back with his
wings spread under him, circled, turned sharply at
right angles, climbed straight upwards and sailed,
then came tobogganing down again. At last tired
of play and wanting to be rid of his spectator with
a wave of his hand he commenced rising straight
upward again and before Mureno realized his in-
tention, headed into the bright glare of the sun that
was soon to set. To Mureno, it was as if he had
actually flown directly into the heart of the flaming
star.

  Later that same trick of the flying men was going
to prove rather trying to aviators giving them
chase, for once in the full glare of the sun it was
impossible for the pilots to make them out, blinded
62

AIR WONDER STORIES

as they were by the sun. The trick also gave rise
to the supposition that the winged men came from
the sun, were not of Earthly origin after all. How-
ever, only the ignorant would believe such a tale.

CHAPTER TWO

The Three Start

AND still the kidnappings continued with
the police baffled, always just too late.
Planes were called into service, but they
invariably arrived too late or else were eluded.
A soldier did manage to shoot an abductor
as he bore off with a girl and they both plunged to
their death. Thereafter orders.were issued that there
was to be no more shooting, but to capture alive.
A second flying man with his prey was chased into
the Andes mountain fastnesses and there lost.

  It appeared as if the winged men knew no
caution; the purloining of women became more
daring, more spectacular. North Europeans with
their wives and daughters were fleeing homeward,
and most of the American residents in Latin
countries were sending their families back to the
States. Married women appeared to be no safer
than the single girls. All South American govern-
ments were calling for aid from their northern
neighbors with their superior air-craft and air-men.

  Nor was America quiet. Its people were up in
arms demanding that the government do all they
could to fight this menace to American woman-
hood. The winged men must be exterminated!
Their lair must be discovered and wiped out. Planes
left daily for Latin America. The air was to be
made unsafe for flying men!

  Still disgruntled over the scoop made by Brent,
a plan came to me and I confronted the city editor
with my scheme. Three years earlier I had gone
with one of the Smithsonian expeditions into the
heart of the Amazon country. I knew the country.
I knew several Indian dialects. And now all reports
were pointing to the fact that the winged men had
their home in Brazilian jungles. Why could I not
go down there and alone find my way to their
settlement? I would get the complete story, the
history of this new race, and their intentions! I was
the man to do it.

  Sims, the city editor, had to think it over. It
sounded good. It was. The next morning I was
summoned to his desk. Of course I had not slept
all that night and now was feverishly awaiting that
call. Plans had already been laid. I was to go with
two more trusted men, Jack D’Arcy and Dick
Norton, also reporters on the News. We were of
course to keep our plans secret and must hurry
before another paper beat us to it.

  We took off in our plane one dim morning, and
by the afternoon had passed the Mexican border.
We were apprehensive that our mission be dis-
covered. Howard Wormley the famous aviator was
our pilot. We thought at first to use Lima as our
headquarters, but after scouting around the city for
a day we flew to Cuzco somewhat southward but
nearer the Brazilian jungles.

  We learned that two planes, one leaving from
Quito and one from Rio de Janeiro, had headed
for the Amazon jungles, but had been heard of no
more, forced into a bad landing no doubt. The

papers were of course filled with the latest ab-
ductions. A most daring one had occurred aboard
a great trans-pacific air liner going from Hono-
lulu to San Francisco. The account read:

  “Aboard Quitonia, April 5; Another victim has
been added to the long list of white women who
have been stolen by winged men.

  “At ten o’clock this morning the liner’s passen-
gers were startled to see a flying man appear com-
ing toward the craft. At first he had been taken for
a giant bird but as he drew closer it could be seen
that he was one of that strange new race of winged
men. He alighted on the super-structure holding by
one hand to some rigging while he surveyed the
people on the observation deck. Then letting go
his hold he soared over their heads for several
minutes giving a pretty exhibition of fancy flying,
then swept low as he scanned each face. He dropped
to the edge of the deck at last smiling brightly.

  “People crowded to the rail and spoke to him.
He was said to be a handsome youth, an interesting
freak. He did not look harmful. He answered a few
questions put to him, joked and laughed and then
motioned for one of the young women passengers
to come close. She was a Miss Elizabeth Moray,
known to be a teacher on a holiday jaunt, a very
pretty young person.

  “Miss Moray would have hung back, but her
fellow passengers laughingly pusher her forward.
She came near and the two began talking together.
Someone heard her liken him to Icarus and he
laughed. It sounded to the by-standers that they
were discussing mythology. Then the flying creature
dropped his voice and spoke too low for any but
Miss Moray to hear him.

 “The voyagers commenced talking amongst
themselves with their eyes lingering on the strange
youth. They did not appear to realize the serious-
ness of the situation until suddenly Captain Edwin
Moorhead was seen approaching with a revolver in
his hand trained on the visitor. The crowd were
awakened by the sight of the weapon to the fact
that this youth was a menace, a creature to be
captured. They began milling about, drawing back,
pushing forward. Then it happened!

  “The astonished passengers of the Quitonia saw
the school-ma’am suddenly fling her arms around
the winged man’s shoulders and seemingly without
effort he lifted her and himself above the deck with
a great surge. With a wave of their hands the two
headed for South America. Captain Moorhead did
not shoot. They were at an altitude of three
thousand feet. And like the other he headed straight
toward the sun. Hours of pursuit by the Quitonia
ended in the realization that the bird-man had
escaped.”

After the Bird Men

HTHE article went on to discuss the horror of such
■J*- a situation when women were kidnapped in the
sight of their fellow-man, and the fact that the ab-
ductors were such handsome fellows, that the kid-
napped did not appear to object at all. Several other
aircraft reported having sighted the twain as they
passed overhead. A small coast-wise air-freighter
fired some random shots at them and a village on
the sea-coast saw them go by. Many aircraft gave
them chase, but the bird man always eluded them.
MEN WITH WINGS

63

  The news heartened our little party. We would
most surely find them in Amazon country if it
were possible to find them at all. Our plane was
ready for the take off. We were to fly over the
jungle lands in hope of discovering the settlement
of the flying men. Then we would land our plane
in some clearing and proceed on foot. In the mean-
time we scouted in the city which was one of the
oldest in Peru and filled with Indians. Many of
the Indians told tales of flying men they had seen
from time to time. However, they were very close-
mouthed and did not seem anxious to speak of
them, possibly believing them to be some new sort
of gods. We heard a rumour that there lived an old
Indian who claimed that he had once lived among
the winged men! We sought him out!

  He dwelt below the city of Arequipa some two
hundred miles south of Cuzco. We flew that day
to that city that has for its background the majesty
of El Misti. Early the next morning with a couple
of hired arrieros (muleteers) we made our way to
the tiny village where the old fellow was said to
live.

  Peru at best is a wild country made up of pampas,
deserts and mountain heights. It is a rugged place
of irregular rivers that cut deep terrible canyons
and tremendous water-falls. It is a country of mys-
tery, of ancient grandeur, of ghosts of the Inca, of
poor ill-clad peons who are the descendants of that
once great race. What cultivation there is, is done
on a very intensive scale.

  Since large areas of the country is desert there is
not a grain of fertile soil wasted. The fertile belts
are usually on the river banks and the farms are set
on series of terraces that had been built originally
under Inca direction and are farmed in much the
same way as they were hundreds of years ago. Nor
is the climate of the country equable. In the val-
leys is the hot fetid breath of the tropics and an
over abundance of tropical vegetation and snakes,
while the higher one climbs the cooler becomes the
air. Mount Coropuna which is a matter of nineteen
thousand feet above the sea is always covered with
snow; and the Indians dwelling on the high alti-
tudes of from twelve to fourteen thousand feet wear
heavy clothing and find it difficult to keep the home
fires burning up there above the tree line.

  In our trip to old Pedro Majes we experienced a
variety of weather. Sometimes we climbed rather
high and then dropped down into valleys. Most of
our trip, however, was along the edge of a raging
torrent and the path was rough. At places where
the river’s gorge narrowed, stone steps had been
cut out of living rock by the Incas, we were told.
Sometimes a causeway constructed by the same
builders took us across the wild waters or else our
mules picked their way delicately along the crum-
bling road-bed where every foot fall precipitated a
rain of gravel to the river below.

  After almost a two day’s journey we came to the
hovel of Senor Majes, a decrepit old chap whose
lack of hair, teeth and cataracted eye-balls attested
to his great age. Luckily I could understand a few
words of his dialect so I did not need to depend en-
tirely on our guides for interpretation. Old Pedro’s
wrinkled face lighted up when we questioned him
about the men with wings.

The Story of Majes

II..ay..” he cried. "1 knew them well. Ay..they
were men! Children of the Sun were they in-
deed. They will come ... truly ... they will come ...
and they will lead my poor people back again to the
lands that rightfully are theirs, for know you . . .
they are most surely the children of the Inca who
came to us once . . . from the Sun. Ay . . . ay . . .
they will come. Never fear!”

  “W'here did you know them?” I broke into his
ravings.

  He waved his hand to the north-east, and then
sat with his eyes turned to the distant horizon.
When he spoke his voice was low. “Many, many
years ago I was young, I was strong. A mighty
man was I! Now there are none as strong as I
was once. My people lose their strength even as
they lose their hearts. Yet that will be different
when They come again ... ay ... ay .. .

  "I was hunting in the jungles for I was a warrior
then ... And as I crept along tracking the deer a man
appeared before me with a suddenness that is only
possible to god-things. I fell upon my face for lo!
he was different from other men; he had wings like
the condor!

  “He bent and helped me to my feet and then I
found that he had pressed a piece of silver into my
hand. ‘I have paid for your labor,’ said he, 'your
labor belongs to me’. I nodded for that is our cus-
tom. He named then a place where we should
meet and with his great wings he rose straight into
the sky.”

  “'And did you meet him?” I asked

  The peon nodded. “Ay .. .ay .. had he not paid me
for my labor? I bid good bye to my wife, my little
ones and my friends, and I went to the place where
he had bidden me go. There were others there, all
fine strong men like me. He was there and with
him many of his kind. With them they had a great
hammock of woven bark shaped like a canoe and
we were hidden to take our places therein. There
were fifty of us.

  "We did not hesitate but sat in the hammock.
Then the men with wings each took a hold of the
air-boat, for such it was and together they bore us
up and over the trees! For many hours we sailed
more smoothly than a boat sails the river, and with
the setting of the western sun we descended. We
found ourselves on a vast plantation, and we were
given food and drink and a place to lay our heads.

  “Ah, never before was there such a farm. This
poor cultivation that you see here in these hills is
not like that. How far it stretched there was no
way of telling. There I worked in the fields with
my fellow men for a year and again the flying men
came to bring us back here to our friends and our
families.”

  You can imagine how I felt when I heard this.
The winged men therefore had settlements, plan-
tations and what not.

  "Were there many winged men?” I asked.

  Pedro shook his head. "I know not their number.
They brought us and they took us away, but how
many there were, I know not. They did not live
near us. They but came and went as they pleased.
Sometimes they came by night, sometimes by day,
6-1

AIR WONDER STORIES

and they carried off with them great sacks of the
foods we raised, of the sheep we herded, of the
fruits we gathered. Ay . . . the weight of the sacks
that they bore off ... twice the weight that even the
strongest of us could bear!”

  "Where did they carry it?”

  Pedro shrugged his shoulders. “Is it for me, a
lowly peon, to speak of god-things? Does one ask
where the Sun dwells? Nay ... I know not, senor.
I know only that they will come again . . . and
it will be to lead us back ... to give us what be-
longs to us!"

  And no further questioning could bring another
word from the old fellow. It was enough, though.
Not more than a day’s flight away dwelt the flying
men. That would mean then that their plantation
was in Bolivia instead of Brazil, however, for Are-
quipa is parallel to the Bolivian border. It appeared
later that I made a mistake, in not realizing that
in his hundred odd years old Pedro had not always
lived in this locality but in reality he had lived
farther to the north.

Futile Searching

AFTER returning to Arequipa we spent two
days in flying over a portion of Bolivia. How-
ever, all of the western part of that country is
mountainous, and we began to think that Pedro had
led us astray, for not once did we catch so much
as a glimpse of a winged creature except a num-
ber of condors who made their homes among the
mountain peaks.

  We decided then to fly back to Cuzco and con-
tinue our search from there. We heard nothing
of much interest in the city, but more planes were
arriving to take up the search. We, however, were
determined to get ahead of them all and headed out
over the vast jungle country. Below us lay the
montam, the jungles on the eastern slopes of the
Andes and which is known as the Upper Amazon
Basin.

  Flying over the wild country that rolled below
us, for the first time we felt qualms of doubt. How
were we to ever find the settlement of the dated in
this wide stretch of unexplored land? No plane had
as yet located anything that looked as if it might
be inhabited—the jungle presented nothing but
miles and miles of tangled masses of tropical vege-
tation and massive trees, gentle slopes and occasion-
ally a bald spot of leprous white amid the sea
of green.

  Rivers wound through over-grown banks appear-
ing and disappearing, lakes blinked up at us,
swamps and deserts stretched below. We saw a
few spirals of smoke that set our hearts beating,
only to discover them to be nothing but the cooking
fires of a poor sort of Indian village. Once on a low
hilltop we saw something we took to be a city
which turned out to be merely some Inca ruins.

  What if after all these winged men had no base,
but like the Indians were a wandering people mov-
ing day by day. Suppose that Pedro Majes after
all merely dreamed that he had been carried off by
flying men, that his imagination had been fired by
the tales he had heard of the men with wings?
Only the fact that they had a great many women,
kidnapped women, and a number of children per-

haps, made us think that they had some fixed
dwelling place. How large their settlement might
be, we could not guess.

  For two days we flew and in that time descried
only one of our quarry. He immediately flew
straight into the bright ball of the burning sun so
we lost sight of him, even though we put on
smoked glasses. He faded completely out of our
vision.

  Disappointed we sulked in Cuzco. We decided
that we were wasting our time. We must go on
foot into the country and search on the ground.
We hired a band of Indians to guide us through
the jungles and went to sleep determined to start
out in the morning on this new venture. We did
not start that morning, however, for some of our
Indians had decided they did not wish to go. We
spent the day in gathering a new band.

The Clue

ABOUT four o’clock that afternoon some fresh
news came and again our plans were changed!
A radio report had come in from a questing pilot.
Flying low through the jungles not more than nine-
ty miles from the border of Peru, he had suddenly
come upon a great band of flying men! He judged
there were perhaps a thousand and they had ap-
peared to be going through some aerial drill, flying
in formation with a leader at their head.

  He had come upon them from the rear, but the
noise of his engine announced his presence. Im-
mediately as if at a signal the large party separated
but still keeping a formation they flew upward and
outward straight into the sky until a great circle
a thousand feet above the plane was spread.

  “Were they to attack me in a body,” said the
broadcaster from his plane, “they could by laying
hands upon the machine bear it down to the ground,
but it is evident that they wish me to go my way.
For some reason I suspicion that I am close to
their base. I lay this position to be about seven
degrees below the equator and ...”

  There the voice of the pilot ended and it was
believed for the moment that he had been attacked
by the flying men, and, as the aviator had con-
jectured, had borne his plane to the earth. However,
five minutes later his voice was again heard.

  “I am losing control of my machine ... I can
no longer guide it . . . for it moves . . . and swings
about crazily ... as if . . drawn by some great
power . . . moving faster than before .. . Overhead
the flying men watch . . . God ... my hands . . .
they are growing cold . . . my feet . . . why . . .
there is frost on the instrument board! My God . . .
the propeller is frozen fast . . . and yet . . . yet . . .
the plane continues to move irresistibly toward
some goal. The earth is swinging around ... It is
cold . . . horribly cold . . . and dark . . . the sky is
black ... I can see nothing . . . I . . . I ,

  And there ended the radiogram. The receiving
stations waited for hours but no more was heard.
The pilot was evidently dead, but he had managed
to give the world some tangible news at last. We
knew now where to look.

  D'Arcy, Norton and Wormley and I started out
before dawn and this time we headed ninety miles
east on the seventh degree of latitude. Others
MEN WITH WINGS

65

started shortly after we did, but ours was uncom-
monly fast so that we led the race. It was I who
discerned a large band of flying men gathered to-
gether several miles ahead. They sighted us and
quickly spread out fan fashion until they disap-
peared altogether into the blue sky. We were happy.
We had found them out.

CHAPTER THREE
Caught

D’ARCY leaned toward me. "I suggest that
we go in search of some likely place and
proceed on foot ... If these fellows have
some means of destroying the plane . . . we'll be in
a hell of a fix!”

  Acting on his suggestion I caught up one of the
ear-phones that communicated with the driving
seat; for D’Arcy and I were riding in the passenger
cabin while Norton rode with Wormley, the pilot.

  Immediately we commenced circling down look-
ing for a clearing in which to land. We saw two
clearings that were not very large and appeared
too irregular for our purpose. Then the trees,
great giants, spread out before us without a single
break mile after mile. We turned about then for
we did not wish to get too close to the village of
the winged men. We recalled the fate of the pilot
who had!

  It was Norton who called my attention to a sight
below. On the highest tree top we could make out
a figure and it was waving to us, beating both
arms over its head. D’Arcy cried out. “It’s a
woman 1”

  It was a woman and Wormley dropped lower so
as to pass close to her when as suddenly as she had
appeared she vanished from our sight into the thick
foliage of the trees, pulled from below. We could
do nothing but stare at the place she had been, as
we skimmed overhead. We did not doubt but that
she was indeed a captive, one of the hundreds of
girls who had been abducted in the last few months.

  We were wild with joy now. The search was
over. Below us we would find our quest. We knew
at the same time that if we now returned to Cuzco
with the news and brought out a squadron of rescue
planes we would have been heroes indeed. But
fired, rather, by the eagerness to carry out our own
mission we decided in favor of landing, if we could
only park our plane somewhere! We had no way
of knowing then that our decision was to cost our
party two lives, but on the other hand our own
plans would have carried no weight at all in the
next turn of events.

  Turning back we continued to look for a clear-
ing, but the winged men had already a different
scheme for us. We had no sooner turned about
when we heard murmurs through our communica-
cation lines from Wormley. We could not under-
stand what he was saying, but it became noticeable
to D’Arcy and myself that the plane was acting
queerly. Then we almost took a nose dive, but with
a superhuman effort Wormley held the nose up. He
spoke into his phone.

  "I’m losing control,” he said.

We held on to our seats not knowing what was
coming. It was D’Arcy who first noted that he was

cold and I began to feel the chill in the air, a
northern chill that did not belong to the equator.
Then Wormley lost entire control of the ship.
D’Arcy let out a yell. "We’re moving backwards!”

  It was true, the plane was actually running back-
ward, and in a circling motion, the earth seeming
swinging about the trees slipped from under us
grotesquely and the propeller was whirling crazily.
Too, it was growing dark around us although it
was only about ten o’clock in the morning! I could
see the sun shining as if through a haze.

  When the propeller stopped we stared at the big
motionless blades blankly. The engine was dead,
but we continued to move around in a great circle
as though we were being pulled along on a string!
The chill was increasing each minute and we were
shivering. I remembered the words of the pilot who
had managed to broadcast the course of events be-
fore he fell to . . . what? What was happening
to us? Were we to die under the hands of the men
we had come to discover?

  Now with the engine stalled we were moving
faster and faster until below us through the grow-
ing darkness we could see the jungle sweeping
crazily around in a blurred vision. It had become
so cold that I was entirely numbed, my sense of
feeling gone.

  Then: “God! We’re falling . . . falling ...”

  The trees were coming up to meet us. I had a
glimpse of a big wall crashing toward us. I covered
my face with my hands. The crash came and our
screams reverberated in my ears as I sank into
darkness that swept over me. And through it I
heard voices and dreamed of giant eagles who were
ripping my flesh from my bones.

The Toll

^SAT'HEN I came to consciousness I wondered
’ » at finding myself in a hospital room. I re-
called after racking my brains what had happened.
I remembered the day’s flight, the flying men, the
peculiar antics of our plane and the fall. Beyond
that I could remember nothing and wondered now
how I had been transported back to the city.

  For some minutes I lay staring at the sky-light
overhead, through which diffused a sunlight like
that of northern skies. Then turning my head I
stared at the four walls, and the white beds of
which there were five beside mine. Two, I saw,
were occupied. For a moment 1 did not recognize
the bandage swathed face of the figure in the next
bed to mine as that of Howard Wormley.

  “Hello,” I said, addressing that hidden face,
“could you tell me what I am doing here, and how
I arrived?”

  The figure turned over and when he spoke I re-
cognized him. “Well, it’s about time you came to,
old fellow. I hasn’t been pleasant lying here for
seven days watching to see if you breathed or not!”

  “Oh, it’s you Wormley,” I said, “Where’s Norton
and D’Arcy?”

  I heard him sigh through his bandages, “Norton
died immediately . . . and there’s D’Arcy in the
other bed. He’s been suffering horribly and it is
doubted whether he will live or not! We've feared
for you, afraid that you would go, too ...”
66

AIR WONDER STORIES

  As he was speaking I was realizing that I ached
severely in many quarters. I felt as though I had
been through a meat grinder. 1 shuddered when he
spoke of Norton and D’Arcy. They were good
fellows, two of the best reporters on the News,
and good sports too. I peered over at the quiet
form lying stiffly without movement on the third
bed.

  “Just what happened?” I asked, “and how did we
get back here to Cuzco?”

  “One at a time . . . and not so much at once,
please. Who said anything about Cuzco?”

  I looked about . . . “Why this hospital . . .
this ...”

  “Yeh . . . this is a hospital, but not in Cuzco,
my boy. You might as well know it now. You’re
a prisoner! At present you are in the underground
hospital of the city of Number One of the nation
of Mentor, old man, the headquarters of the people
alated-homo ... or what have you! But anyway
the service is pretty fair!”

  My pulse quickened. “So we did find them?”
“No,” said Wormley, “They found us; we’re
invited guests!”

  “Invited, hum? That was a fine invitation card
they presented us with. Did you learn what sort
of a contraption they used to make us fall? Must
be a devilish thing. Perhaps we can arrange to buy
it for the United States of America!”

  “Not on your mug-print, feller. We're captives
here and not somehow. Death to him who attempts
escape! I asked about that woman we saw signal-
ling us, but from what I judge she got ...” and
he passed his hand over his throat and uttered a
colorful, “Quirk ...”

  “Hum . . . well, I'll have to get out to take the
story back home ... Walls do not a prison make...
or iron bars a something-or-other. We shall see . . .
Howard Wormley .... we shall see. Well, tell
me something more about this Number One city ...”
“Not so fast, not so fast . . . You’re just re-
covering from a lot of what-not ... do you think
I'm going to talk you into a fever. No sir, you
keep your mouth shut. I’m calling a nurse now,
and after that we’ll see what's what! And when
you see the nurse ... oh boy!”

  Ae he spoke Wormley was reaching up to the
head of his bed from which a bell cord hung. He
pressed the button. "This isn't such a bad billet at
that, Jimmy. They aren't a bad lot and are willing
to treat us right if we do our part ...”

  "And what is our part?” I demanded.

  "Simply to take upon ourselves a mate and help
propagate the nation of Mentor I”

  “Oh . . . ! ”

Lois

TTpURTHER conversation stopped with the sound
of footsteps coming along the corridor outside
our door. Somehow I had never thought of the
possibility of there being winged women. The
papers had been full of winged men, but none had
ever mentioned women with wings. Nor could T
have dreamed that she could be so like an angel!

  First I saw the gold of her close cropped hair,
the blue of deep far-seeing eyes, a face such as
Harris Fishel might seek in vain. Clothed in the
tight fitting smock and snug trousers of Mentor she

was a picture to behold and needed only the pair of
beautiful rainbow-hued wings to make an angel of
her.

  She carried her wings as angels should, the tips
appearing just at the shoulder line, the end feathers,
long and fine, dragging several inches on the ground
behind her. (Such Mentorites as have gone a-kid-
napping usually cut those long ends to prevent de-
tection). Her hands were long and slender with the
blue veins outlined under the sun-browned skin. It
always puzzled me (I noted these last items at a
later period) how the tall girl (she was five feel
and nine inches tall without heels) managed to
walk so easily and lightly on the tiny little feet she
possessed which were so beautifully molded that
they did not appear to have been constructed for
use. Her shoes, incidently, were but flat soft pieces
of tanned bird skins of about two dozen thicknesses,
held on the bare foot by straps that crossed and re-
crossed.

  She had come directly to the side of my bed and
when she smiled brightly I thought I should cry
out with the pain of it. (And me a case-hardened
reporter). “Ah,” she said in an angel's voice, "at
last you have awakened. We feared for you, Jim
Kennedy.”

  My tongue clove to the roof of my mouth, else
I might have said some silly insane thing. But 1
could only grin foolishly. Wormley, however, did
the honors for me.

  “It’s not easy to kill these reporter fellows, Miss
Lois,” he said from behind his bandages.

  “No?” she queried. “Are reporters a breed dif-
ferent then from other men?”

  Wormley burst out into a wild guffaw that ended
abruptly in the middle. His bandages were not
there for decoration; his face was pretty well shat-
tered, and secretly I was tickled that he had hurt
himself for his cussed remark.

  When he spoke again his voice came weakly.
“It isn’t the breeding, but the training . . . they
only take the hardest, toughest men they can find
for reporters, mal-treat ’em, take away their hearts
and graft on ’em a nose that smells out news
‘scoops’

  Miss Lois’ (heavenly name) eyes opened wide,
then I saw that she had a good sense of humour
for she laughed.

  “You are . . . what you say . . . kidding me again.
Howard Wormley. You talk too much. Now both
of you go to sleep while I go to tell Doctor Morris
that Jim Kennedy has gained consciousness.”

  As she was speaking she put her hand on my
forehead and then professionally took my pulse,
thrust a thermometer into my mouth and then
tucked the covers around my neck after reading it
and writing the answer on her charts. She then
tip-toed softly over to D’Arcy’s side.

  Wormley and I watched breathlessly as she bent
over him. She put her fingers to his pulse, but as
quickly took it away, then with a white face she
turned to us. “He ... oh dear ... I believe he is
dead!" and she turned and raced from the ward.

  In a minute she was back followed by a white
coated doctor. He too bent over the still form, and
we saw him draw the sheets over the face. Miss
Lois brushed a tear from her eye. The Doctor now
turned to me.
MEN WITH WINGS

67

  Doctor Morris was rotund, pink-cheeked and
bald. The sight of him carried me back to New
York. He might have been merely a physician
paying his daily call at his clinic. He had no
wings or signs of any. Surely he did not belong
in the Brazilian jungles.

  Later I learned that he was from New York,
that he had come to Mentor of his own accord,
preferring his work here among the flying people
to his fashionable clientele on Park Avenue. Here
he was head of the medical corps and he loved the
winged people more than he could ever have loved
his millionaire clients.

  “Well,” he said quietly, “we lost one, but we
managed to save two!” and he smiled. “I surely
am delighted to see you looking so good, young
man. You almost went under. But you’ll be as good
as a new babe in a few days. No bones broken,
but you were pretty well cut up around your head
and shoulders. Had a slight concussion of the
brain, too. Lost lots of blood. Now Wormley here
broke a leg and got his face so cut up I am afraid
his own mother won’t be able to recognize him
again.”

  He noted the readings of my chart and then
bade us both to take a nap. With a friendly nod
and a “Hope you like Mentor,” he was gone with
Miss Lois trailing behind.

Conjectures

NEITHER Wormley or I spoke, both of us think-
ing of our dead comrade in the other bed. Then
I must have fallen off to sleep, for it was dark in
the room when I was awakened by a nurse (not
Miss Lois) bringing me some broth. The room was
lighted with electricity, and I saw that D’Arcy’s
body had already been removed. After eating I
fell asleep again.

  I did not awaken until morning and I found
Wormley already breakfasting and waiting for me
to wake up. I was given some fruit juices by a
nurse who, unlike Miss Lois, had poor little un-
developed wings on her shoulders. However, she
was cheery and gay as she made us ready for the
day. When she left us I turned to Wormley.

  “Now, tell me something,” I said, “about this
place. What have you discovered about it anyway?”

  "Feeling chipper, eh? Well, you’ll be out and
doing, I suppose, in a short while and I’ve got about
a month or so before I can get around on this game
leg of mine.”

  “Well, tell me what kind of a machine they used
to pull us down with?”

  “Sorry, but I can’t say. No one seems anxious
to talk about it at all. But after thinking it over
it seemed to me that what we were caught in was
a great man-made tornado.”

  I looked at him incredulously. “Man-made tor-
nado.”

  "Um-hum” he nodded. “Just that. I’ve been thru
one before and I know the signs. What else could
explain the great force that pulled us, the sudden
darkness, the chill and the feeling of the earth
swinging around.”

  I shook my head sadly. “I don’t see.”

  Wormley looked at me tolerantly. “Alright, here
goes” he said. “I’ll explain. A tornado, you see is
caused by a sudden change, or movement of air.
Let a cold body of air sweep over a heated place
and it will quickly descend and the heated air will
rise. That creates a spiral movement of the air. The
cold air descending naturally causes a sudden chill,
while the great flurry of dust in the air ionized by
electrical disturbances obscures the sun and causes
darkness.”

  I was beginning to see. “But,” I objected, “I
always thought that a tornado touched only a small
area.”

  “So it does” Wormley agreed, “That’s why this
one must be man made. What I think they did
was to electrically ionize the dust of the air
probably even throwing great quantities of dust
into the air. And then they must use some gigantic
machine to suck in the air to create the cyclonic
movement in the higher regions.”

  I lay back pondering. So these people had com-
mand of a great knowledge of science. . .

“Well what do you think now” Wormley asked.
“Well, whatever it was, it certainly did the trick.”
“Right”, Wormley agreed. “It certainly is a wow
and I’d like to have the chance to study it. Me-
chanics is my meat!”

  “Well, all I'm after is the meat of the story.
Come across now and tell me all that you’ve
learned about this place. I’d like to get out of here
as soon as possible and report this to the ‘home
folks’ ”.

  “Boy, from the looks of this joint you’re never
going to see no home folks . . . take that from me.”
I laughed. Show me the reporter who did not
get home to report!

  “You can laugh, but it’s 110 laughing matter. I
know that girl who signalled us got hers . . . and
the Patriarch won’t stand for any foolishness!”
“Who’s the Patriarch?” I demanded.

  “You’ll know soon enough, but I guess I better
enlighten you before you make any breaks for
liberty'! Well, in the first place you are now in the
hospital of City Number One of the nation of
Mentor as I have already told you. And City
Number One is built entirely underground! No
wonder none of us ever found it.

  “It must have taken quite a bit of engineering
too, with those gigantic trees overhead, most of
them several hundred feet high. Everything here
appears to be under a communistic sort of regime.
Everyone works for a common cause—food, cloth-
ing and work is doled out by the city administration
plan. Children are raised "by the state, lives are
directed by the bell. Everyone does his work on
schedule. And over it all is this Patriarch.

  “Haven’t seen him yet, but I understand that he’s
a dictatorial boy, has ’em all under his thumb and
they love it. He’s a lady killer, too. Has a harem
of his very own. His family has held the Patriarch-
ship since the beginning of the race, so he’s natural-
ly the big billy-goat. I am led to believe that he
will be making a tour of inspection in a few days.”
“Have you seen any of the kidnapped girls?”
“No, not yet, though I understand a few of ’em
are working here in the hospital. Doctor Morris
says that most of the captives are happy here, too.
It seems as if they enjoy the wholesome life! no
‘sasiety’ to do, no continual run of social duties.
68

AIR WONDER STORIES

no match-making mamas, no fighting to hold their
placcs before the world. Here they are given what
work they wish to do and the hours are easy; they
can choose their own mates and live a simple
quiet life.”

  “Yeh”, I observed, “that’s all right for a change,
but how does a steady diet of it go? And what
about their families back home worrying about
them ?”

  Wormley shrugged his shoulders. “No need to
get mad at me. I’m telling you facts.”

  “Well, then tell me the history of this glorious
nation of Mentor. And what’s the Mentor for?”

  “That’s part of the story. It appears as if the
whole thing was started back in the sixteenth
century, on the heels of Columbus by a chap by
the name of Mentor! All this talk about evolution
from birds is bunk. Yeh, man-made evolution.
That’s what it is.”

  I had to break into a laugh at this junction.
“You certainly do ramble around your story. Now
come across with it. You know I am anxious to
learn what it’s all about.”

  “Well, who’s telling the story, anyway, you oaf?
Oh ... all right I’ll give it to you straight then.
Here goes, and please remember that I never took
up story writing.”

  “Aw, go on, go on ... ”

CHAPTER FOUR
Wormley’s Tale

BEFORE starting the tale, however, Worm-
ley first plumped up his pillows and settled
himself comfortably. Then he took a sip of
water from the glass standing on the table between
our beds.

  “It is told,” he began, “that there once lived a
fellow by the name of Howard Mentor, English and
Scotch stock, all scientists ... of sorts, astrologists,
alchemists, leeches or whatever they called ’em
back in those days. Also some philosophers and
prophets as well as some evolutionists in the bunch,
too. And it seems that from father to son had come
an ambition to put wings onto man long before
they had the idea that machinery could be made
to fly, or did they know anything about machinery
in those days? I guess I'm a bit hazy about our
ancestors at that.

  “Well, anyway after generations of experiments
it was this Howard Mentor who managed to grow
wings on the back of a rabbit or maybe it was a
white rat. Howard was feeling pretty proud about
that I guess so what does he decide to do but to
try some experiments on his own son!

  “His idea seemed to be in taking certain glands
from the throats of living birds and replanting
them in his victims. He also injected some sort of
solution into the body. Of course in those days
they did not know that the blood circulated so it was
a rather hit or miss proposition, and Doctor Morris
seems to believe that little Howard was far ahead
of his times.

  “It had taken many generations to grow wings
on the rabbit, but Grandfather Howard was not
discouraged believing rather in posterity and aimed
to do as much as he could in his life time. He
began right there to attempt to improve the human
species by performing the same operation on his
own offspring. He forced his wife to take the in-
jections, submit to the operation, and also to swal-
low another concoction that he brewed himself
made from some part of the bird.

  “In the next ten years he had produced a pretty
fair nucleus for his future generations, his wife giv-
ing birth to nine children of both sexes. When she,
poor woman, died, he managed to take upon him-
self another wife and by using the same methods
brought a half a dozen more children into the world
inoculated with the virus that was eventually to
bring about his heart’s desire.

  “Luckily Mentor had much of the world’s goods
to his credit. He had a vast estate somewhere
in the back-skirts of Scotland so there were no
prying eyes to watch and condemn him. His next
task was to obtain wives for his growing sons and
husbands for his daughters. His oldest son was
fifteen when he found a wife for him. She submitted
docilely to the old man’s administrations and within
a year their baby was born. Mentor was not dis-
appointed because it was born like all other babies.
He knew how to bide his time.

  “In the meantime he had been teaching his sons
and daughters his science and nurtured in each one
of them the desire to see men and women on wing.
Perhaps a few went astray from the fold, but there
is no record of such in the annals of Mentorian
history. Perhaps some of his son’s wives rebelled,
but our Lord Mentor knew how to quell that Per-
haps the servants rebelled and grumbled at the
strange mixture the master of the house demanded
be cooked with all foods so that all dishes tasted
very much alike. But that was the day of serfs and
feudalism, and servants were not problems then.

  “The most difficult task that Father Mentor had
to do was to marry off his daughters. Young
lordlings, counts and the like, did not care for the
idea of leaving their own paternal estates to live
in the already crowded castle isolated from their
kind. One or two whose fortunes were not so
secure came attracted by the beauty of Mentor’s
daughters. A third son of an Earl who had been
destined for the church married another of the
beauties, but there the supply ended. So Mentor
was forced to go down into the cities and buy up
youths who had been incarcerated in the debtor’s
prisons in order to marry off his remaining
daughters. It must have been a great pleasure to
the old boy when he married the last of the brood
off!

  “One can wonder what discords must have arisen
in the paternal home with more than a dozen dif-
ferent families under the same roof, for now the
children were being born so rapidly that it was
almost too much to keep count. Mentor was pres-
ent at each birth anxiously expectant as to what
may be brought forth. He all but wept when his
youngest daughter brought into the world a little
son that had for arms what looked very much
like the wings of a fledgling bird.
MEN WITH WINGS

69

  "There was a soft clown on the strange append-
ages and it looked as if the little fellow would one
day be able to fly! Fly he might, but his arms had
been sacrificed. The little mother must have wept
over her maimed darling and Mentor surely wasn’t
happy over it, but at the same time he knew that
the first rung of the ladder had been climbed.
They could only hope that this was an accident.
The scientist again went into his laboratories and
brought forth another mess that was added to the
diet of his family.

  "The new baby became the pet of the family
and they all tried to keep him from knowing of his
loss. At four years old they tried to teach him to
fly, but the wings had not matured and were weak
sticks. They did act as a sort of support when
the little fellow took jumps from the top of a
flight of steps and landed at the foot nicely
balanced with his feathered arms outspread. The
down of the wings had grown into small feathers,
unevenly distributed the length of the wing, but
they had none of the beauty of the present-day
wings of the people of Mentor.”

Off To Mentor

ND so,” went on Wormley after sipping some
more water, "All went well until the third
generations began to arrive. For his grandchildren
Mentor had taken the easiest course and married
cousin to cousin, hoping in this way to hasten his
evolutionary trick.

  "His cry of joy was heard throughout the castle
and into the valley below when the first great-grand
child came into the world with odd protuberances
on his little shoulders. They were no more than
little lumps with the least suggestion of down upon
them, but they were the first link of the long chain.
It mattered not to the grandfather that the mpther
of the babe died in giving it birth, for that night was
one of celebration. There were no invited guests
to the feast; Mentor had no desire to make the
world aware of the nature of his experiments.

  “More children were born, some had the humps
on their shoulders, some did not; but two were born
with more definite suggestions of the sought-for
wings. Then the son of the arm-less grandchild was
born, and lo, he had wings, true wings almost
as long as his body and arms as well!

  “Mentor might have been able to rear his family
in Scotland and there the race might have
grown as well as in the jungles of South America
had not word slipped out to the authorities in Edin-
burgh. Had a servant told or had one of Mentor’s
offspring slipped away and tattled? The truth can’t
be learned, but it was enough that a small army
of soldiers of the king came to the stronghold and
demanded in the name of God, the Pope and the
King as to what sacrilege had been perpetrated
here in this fastness.

  "Mentor had in some way been forewarned and
the monstrosities had been secreted away so that
the officers retreated somewhat disgruntled and
empty-handed. Still Mentor wisely foresaw that
this was the beginning of the end. Word of the
discovery of new land to the westward had reached
Scotland and the stalwart old gentleman who was
not to be thwarted decided to leave the narrow con-
fines of his native country.

  "So it happened that the Mentor clan embarked
for the new world, and the old world was left in
ignorance. Mentor first went to the nearest seaport
and there with his money bought men and women
who were willing to go to the new country across
the sea. He chartered a ship, provisioned it and
with some plausible excuse to the authorities, no
doubt, started out for a nice quiet place where he
could carry on his good work for the betterment
of humanity!

  “The ship was headed for North America, but
a storm arose out of the night when the ship lay
presumably not far from the Virginian coasts. The
storm drove them south and then out to sea again
and raged for three days and three nights driving
the ship ahead in its fury. Somewhat crippled, they
limped on taking bearings by sun and stars and
hoping that land was near. The captain was new
to this part of the world and only the offer of
more money than he had ever heard of before had
brought him this far. He had no idea where the
storm had carried them and hopefully had headed
west and a little south. One when they saw land
they made for it, but a great number of Indians
put out in their canoes and in fright the captain
ran away.

  “Then, when they were possibly off the coast
of Florida, a second time a storm caught them,
a storm of hurricane dimensions and again bore
them out to sea. During the storm's wildness the
crew in fright and frenzy murdered not only the
captain but the two mates, so that when the storm
abated at last, the ship’s company found them-
selves without a single navigator aboard. The
crew would have murdered Mentor, too, but he de-
fended himself well.

  “A month passed and now the almost wholly
crippled vessel wallowed through the seas and
drifted without guidance. Food and water was low
and disease was stalking the deck. Mentor, old
and broken, now died and was buried at sea. Horace
Mentor, the eldest son, took charge.

  “Realizing that all would be lost unless some-
thing drastic was done, he ordered the planks torn
from the deck’s floor and the women give up their
petticoats to make a sail for the single slender mast
that stood. Every able-bodied man was forced to
take his turn at rowing so that after the sixth day
the lookout atop the mast cried ‘Land!’

  “Thus the Mentors came to the coast of Brazil.
They found food in plenty, made friends with the
Indians and built palm thatched houses for them-
selves. Spaniards came, but they looked with
friendly eyes upon the growing settlement knowing
that the Scotch were as deadly enemies of the
English as they themselves.”

The Founding of A Nation

“(O EE,” broke in Wormley, “this is a story and
a half. Doctor Morris told it to me, but I’m
sort of condensing it.”

  “Go on, you’re doing fine.”

  "Well, to make the best of the long tale . . .
the Spaniards continued as friends. They were for
the most part pushing into the interior of the coun-
try searching for gold and they did not see much
of the Mentorites, but by that time children wer°
being born with appendages that were true wings.
70

AIR WONDER STORIES

Birds there were in plenty so that the Mentors
had all the serums and solutions and glands they
needed. The Indians were the first to discover that
children with wings were appearing among the
white settlers and there began a time of persecution
for the children of Mentor.

  “The next two centuries of their existence ap-
pears to have been made up of flight, fleeing from
haven to haven until at last they founded this settle-
ment here 011 the edge of Peru with only a few
savage tribes as neighbors, savages who look upon
the alate as gods of some sort and have no inter-
course with the white men.

  “Wings have come to them to stay, and they have
prospered out here in the wilderness. Eventually
the need of importing new blood drove them to
stealing women. Occasionally, too, it appears that
men have been picked up and brought to Mentor for
the same purpose. Mentor, I believe, could account
for the disappearances of whole scientific expedi-
tions that have never been heard of again. They
refuse to breed with any but people of their own
race, hence the fact that Latins, Semites et cetera
are never captured by them. Many of their women
die, too in giving birth to their children, and of late
they have found it necessary to bring in as many
women as they can find so that the dynasty they
have planned can be brought into being ...”

  Wormley sighed, “And that’s that. Simple, eh
what?”

  “It all sounds highly improbable.” I noted. “I
think that if I pinch myself I'll wake up.”

  “Don’t do that.” laughed Wormley, “for here
comes our pretty nurse Miss Lois . . . And if I am
not mistaken you are very much taken . . . eh?”

  She came in smiling brightly and inquired as to
how we were. She seemed to guess that we had
been talking and she shook her finger at us and
admonished us for exciting ourselves. She took our
pulse and temperature and left us with directions
to sleep.

 “Some baby,” commented Wormley when she
had gone.

  “It appears to me," I said, “that I could learn to
like Mentor after all 1”

CHAPTER FIVE

Convalescence

THE next week I spent in bed convalescing
though I had very little pain. At first I was
given a liquid diet and later more substantial
food. Fruits, green vegetables, bread of corn and
wheat flour and a few different varieties of wheat and
fowl constituted the menu of Mentor. I noted imme-
diately a strange foreign taste that I put down to
some new condiment, but Wormley quickly put me
straight. The strange flavor he said was due to
Ingredient "B” that was fed to every man. woman
and child in Mentor. Once a week Ingredient “A”
was injected into our blood and twice monthly In-
gredient “C” was added to the menu. I can’t say
that any of it was very tasty. I learned later
that I had already had a gland operation.

  “They’re making full-fledged Mentorites out of
us, old man,” Wormley declared.

  The second week I was allowed to sit up in a
chair to take short walks in and around the hospital.
I discovered just how complete an institution it
was. Everything was kept spotlessly clean. Most
of the work was devoted to the maternity wards
where the young Mentorites were brought into the
world scientifically and as easily as possible. One
mother out of eight usually died in giving birth to
the winged babies. The death rate had been higher
before the coming of Doctor Morris and he was
doing all he could to reduce it still more.

  There was a dispensary to attend the every-day
sicknesses and accidents such as those brought
about by deadly insects or by the winged people
who sometimes misjudged distances and hurt them-
selves on limbs of trees, etc.

  Diseases were practically unknown even in this
fever-infested land—for every precaution was taken.
Healthy people are not prone to become diseased
and the alate were health}' without a doubt. Then
too, I discovered that every new captive was
quarantined miles from the city for the duration of
a month before they were allowed to intermingle
with the Mentorites, and during that time their
blood was purified and thoroughly cleansed of any
lurking germ-cells. The reason that Wormley and I
were not quarantined, of course, was due to our
session in the hospital; and I learned that we had
been completely de-germed.

  On the fifth day of my convalescence, I was
allowed to climb the flight of steps that led upward
and into the jungle. The trees grew high and thick
and the sunlight had difficulty in finding its way
through the branches. To offset this lack of sun in
their underground cities every citizen whose work
did not bring him into the sunlight was forced each
day to take a sun-bath either in the clearings or
else on platforms reared high in the trees—where
the beneficial rays of the sun could penetrate. And
once daily a strong violet ray was switched 011 and
swept throughout the city.

  A path led away from the entrance to the door-
way through which I had come. The door itself
was in the trunk of a giant tree that had been
hollowed out and the bark placed 011 the door-panel
so ingeniously that it was difficult to detect that it
was a doorway from the outside. Nor was the path
I trod a distinct one. It might have been one made
by animals or the Indians.

  In fact, a stranger might have walked all about
the ‘city’ or rather atop it and not know that life
seethed beneath his feet. He might have even made
his camp on the top of one of the sky-lights of
the underground community without being aware
that glass and concrete were his bed.

  The jungle had been cleared to some degree so
that the winged people might move about more
easily, but the clearing had been done in such a
natural manner that one passing through the area
would not have noticed particularly that it had
been cleared. Strangers had in fact actually passed
this way or camped hereabouts without being the
wiser. No wonder Mentor could not be discovered
by plane!

  As I came into the forest I met Miss Lois who
was also out for an airing. She joined me and
pointed out the points of interest as we strolled
MEN WITH WINGS

71

along. Never before had I met a girl who was so
natural, so simple—without any little coquetries or
subterfuges that one usually looks for in the sex.
She accepted me merely as a companion and ex-
pected me to do the same with her.

  Several Mentorites passed us, men and women
with their variegated wings dragging in the dust
behind, all clad in the tight fitting costume that
gave no resistance to the wind in flying. One fellow
passed who had the half formed wings of the
"Earthbound” as they called them, the people bred
of the two races, winged and unwinged.

  There were many of these people in Mentor des-
tined never to fly but to give birth rather to child-
ren that would, one day, fly. They took their place
in the ranks as did the others. They were, in fact,
the workers, holding responsible positions in the
underground stronghold. They were merely a part
of this strange evolution.

  Once, overhead, I heard the beating of wings and
Miss Lois bade me look up. Doing so I saw per-
haps a half a dozen or so winged people flying
down toward us through the trees. At first I be-
lieved they would surely tear their wings upon the
branches of the trees, but in looking more closely
I saw that the great branches of the trees had
been cut away to allow about twenty feet clearance,
giving the akted an entrance and exit to the world.
These avenues were cut at regular intervals so that
there would be no danger of crowding when
danger lurked above.

Sightseeing

LATER by carrying me up a distance of about
fifty feet Miss Lois showed me other avenues
cut horizontally through the trees to give passage
to those who did not wish to expose themselves
above the trees. They could fly many miles within
the protection of the jungles in this manner. There
were many of these paths criss-crossing through a
great area. Where the trees became thin and gave
way to glades and clearings wingless men were
usually stationed to give warning if danger was
about.

  We now approached one of the natural clearings
where many people, children and adults alike were
playing or sunning themselves. Here were groups
of woman sitting or lying in the grass talking and
working over lengths of cloth, embroidering
feathers on jackets, shaping garments. Here, for
the first time, I saw a number of fellow “captives.”

  Upon our entrance into the glade a tall, slender,
dark-haired girl jumped to her feet and came run-
ning toward me. Almost immediately I recognized
her from the picture I had seen in the papers. It
was Miss Marion Hally. She stopped short a few
feet in front of us.

  “You are a newcomer, aren’t you?’’ she asked
me in a low, throaty voice.

  “Yes, Miss Hally,” I averred.

  “Ah, you know me!”

  “Only by your photos.”

  “Tell me, then,” she said, “have you heard any-
thing about my father? I have been sick with
worry about him. How is he taking my disappear-
ance ... he had only me . . . you see . .

  I told her of her father’s offers of rewards for her
recovery. Beyond that I knew nothing else. She
sighed and without another word returned to the
group she had deserted.

  “That,” said Miss Lois, “is the trouble of stealing
these poor girls. They could be happy with us,
I believe, if only they could get in touch with their
people and let them know that they are well ...”
“Yes.” I said, “the world is not going to stand
for this wholesale abduction of yours very long!”
Up came Miss Lois’ chin. “We do not have any
fear of that, Jim Kennedy, Mentor knows how to
protect herself!”

  “Well, why don’t you come above board and
show your hand to the world instead of this miser-
able woman-stealing?”

  She shrugged her shoulders. “It is not for us
to ask, Jim Kennedy. The Patriarch will deal with
the world when the Time comes!”

  “Then there will be a Time?”

  She smiled. “Yes, the time is coming when the
world will realize that we are a factor to be rec-
koned with! They will gladly give us our place in
the World Court!”

  “Unless they annihilate you entirely!”

  “And that is impossible of course.”

  I said nothing to that, but I felt it highly im-
probable that this handful of people could stand
against the world.

  “May I ask . . . how many people have you here,
Miss Lois?”

  She nodded. “Surely. We divide our population
into two parts, the winged and the Earthbound. Of
the former we have here in Number One a little
less than thirty thousand! Of the latter there are
about ten thousand! Of children under the ages
of sixteen there are forty thousand! Then in each
other community there is almost a like number.”

Jim Learns Much

TO say I was astounded was putting it too mild-
ly. I turned upon Miss Lois in wonder. “You
mean that there are eighty thousand people living
here in this area?”

  She nodded. “Certainly.”

  “And this is only one of several like settlements?”
I queried.

  "Yes, at present we have six communities, and
the Patriarch is directing the construction of a
seventh city. He has decided that it would be well
for us to have two cities devoted entirely to
children. Our quarters here are becoming too
crowded.”

  “Hum, then you have a population of almost a
half a million people. Good Lord it sounds im-
possible.”

  She laughed up at me. “We have forgotten to in-
clude the ‘captives’. There are about two thousand
of them at the present time! And by the end of
the year the Patriarch expects us to have about ten
thousand!”

  “My God!” I was flabbergasted. “A half a million
people here in this jungle.”

  “Mentor now covers about sixty square miles
and still continues to grow. Each settlement is
about four miles in circumference for we always
build from a hub, and each settlement is laid about
fifteen miles apart to give room for spreading.”
72

AIR WONDER STORIES

  “A few well laid bombs could almost demolish
it!”

  "And who is going to lay the bombs?”

  "Outside they now have a pretty fair idea of
where Mentor lies.”

  Miss Lois shrugged her shoulders. "That really
matters very little. You shall see how little one of
these days!”

  “You mean that no plane could ever reach here
because of that infernal machine of yours?”

  She nodded her head. “I am afraid so.”

  "Oh, well, I guess the future will have to decide
that.”

  She did not answer me but now we had turned
back to the city. I was thoughtful during the re-
mainder of the walk. Gosh, if only I could get out
of this place and tell my story to the world! What
a scoop this was going to be. The girl's words,
however, made me realize just how hard it was
going to be to escape. If. as she said, the surround-
ing country was populated so thickly with her
people what chance would I, a puny man without
wings, to fight my way out into the world again.
And with what I now knew it was evident that they
were not going to allow me to escape.

  Miss Lois appeared to have read my thoughts.
“It is impossible for anyone to escape from Mentor.
Our Patriarch is not quite ready for the world to
know and it is death to any who makes the at-
tempt." She went on to explain just how great an
organization her nation was, how it had already
thrown out its tentacles into the world in general
all unbeknown to the Outside.

  I questioned her about the food supply, and her
words told me that Pedro Majes had not lied when
he spoke of the plantation to which he had been
borne by the winged men. Mentor had not only
one plantation to raise her food, but many in some
of the most fertile countries of the continent.

  It appears that those born entirely devoid of
wings were used for the purpose of going out into
the world establishing themselves and working only
for the good of their race. By taking Spanish names
a dozen or so Mentorites owned and controlled the
plantations from which the winged men carried off
by night the foods that they needed. It was from
the estate of one of these men that Marion Hally
had been spirited away!

  They owned mines in the same manner, rubber-
plantations, and air lines were controlled by the far-
reaching arm of the Patriarch of Mentor! The
wealth from these enterprises of course flowed in a
steady stream into his coffers.

  And to further the interests of the nation were
another corps of men and women, the diplomatic
corps that found places of responsibility all over
the world. They insinuated themselves into posi-
tions of trust in Washington, in London, in Paris
and in fact in all the capitals of the world and were
accepted by their fellow-men as one of them; while
in truth their lives were dedicated to the interests
of their own race. It was possible therefore for
them to accomplish much for its welfare.

  It was through one of these “spies,” that that
infernal engine that had brought our plane down
was bought and brought to Mentor. It had been
invented by a German just after the Great World
War and under the Patriarch’s direction had been

purchased for this jungle home ere the world was
able to learn about it; and all but one blue print
destroyed.

  In the same manner Doctor Morris had been
brought to Mentor enticed by the tales of one of
the Patriarch's agents who proved to the Doctor
the need of the jungles for medical aid. And be-
cause he had tired of the humdrum life of New
York City he had come to take complete charge
of the health of the five hundred thousand souls
within the confines of the jungle.

  Every necessity that was needed was brought
from the Outside, just as electricity was carried
hundreds of miles across the continent by cables
and conduits from three or four points in South
America. The cables were cleverly laid; either in
the trees or underground as the topography of the
country demanded.

  Only a continent such as South America with its
great unexplored spaces, its great natural resources,
its jungles, could have held the secret of Mentor.
I could only gasp as I thought of what a pro-
digous organization had grown out of the aimless
fumblings of Howard Mentor with man-made
evolution. Could this strange though powerful na-
tion some day put its mark on the world?

CHAPTER SIX

The Patriarch

ON returning to my room, where I was still
bunking with Wormley, I told him of all I
had seen and learned.

  “God ... if only the world knew! Drastic steps
need to be taken if the government hopes to do away
with this menace,” he averred.

  I shook my head. “No . . . nothing can be done.
You can’t wipe out a half a million people easily ...
not unless you dynamite half of South America!
No, Wormley, this is a tremendous thing and mark
my word the world is going to realize very shortly
just what they are up against. And warring with
these people would be like warring on mice in a
hayrick . . . you either have to smoke 'em out or
burn the hay . . . both of which methods would be
too difficult in this area.”

  We both fell to thinking and were aroused only
by the appearance of Doctor Morris. He had come
to remove the bandages from Wormley’s face.
Morris, and the Earthbound nurse who had fol-
lowed him, worked for several moments and then
revealed the scarred face of the aviator. Wormley
had never been handsome but the added ugliness
of his face gave him an attractiveness that later
was to prove irresistible to the women of Mentor.
Wormley refused the mirror Morris held for him.
In fact, thereafter, he never so much as attempted
to shave himself as it would force him to view his
“mug”.

  After the operation was over and the nurse had
left we commenced questioning Doctor Morris. He
appeared to enjoy our conversation, wanted to know
all about New York.

  “Do you think, Doctor,” I asked after I had led
up gradually to the subject, “that you are doing
the proper thing in helping these people as you
have?”
MEN WITH WINGS

73

  He looked at me in surprise at such a notion.
“Isn't it always right to ‘help’, young fellow?” he
asked with a quizzical twinkle in his blue eyes.

  “Yes . . . but in doing this you are being un-
patriotic in giving yourself to these people who are
rightfully the enemy of our own nation 1”

  “And what, my boy, is patriotism if it is not to
follow the dictates of your own heart? Does a man
have to be born to patriotism . . . can’t he adopt it ?”

  “No,” he continued, “I do not feel at all traitorous
because I have renounced my citizenship of the
United States of America and substituted for it the
citizenship of the Nation of Mentor.

  “A great many of the ‘original settlers’ of the
States were criminals and convicts sent from
England in order that the new colonies could be
populated. Do we look down upon Britain because
that was once her policy? Then why should we
condemn these people for taking the best of woman-
hood from the countries round about to establish
themselves ?

  “True, it is hard to see it in that light and you
may say my argument is illogical, but I am with
the Mentorites to the last man and I will do every-
thing in the world to help establish them. Some
day they will have their place in the world and
they will prove the superiority of wings over ma-
chinery 1”

  That night Patriarch Mentor deigned us the
favor of his presence in our ward. He came followed
by the two aides that were never known to leave
him, two large well-proportioned men of perhaps
forty or fifty, winged and as stern-visaged as he.

  The Patriarch was a singularly tall man well over
six feet, with wings of monster size. They were
raven black, glossy and ashine in the shaded light of
the room. His face was the face of a powerful
man, a man whose entire life had been spent in
attaining power; the sharp gimlet eyes and the
hawk-like features with the sun-tanned swarthy
skin accentuated all that. He was, I judged, forty
years of age. He was clothed in a suit entirely
covered with long black silky feathers. Sometimes
he wore white, but never any other color.

  As I studied him I was suddenly aware of the
fact that the description fitting him so well, cor-
responded with the newsbit concerning the abduct-
or of Marian Hally; he also was blackwinged and
hawk-faced. Later I learned that Marian Hally
was one of his wives! So the Patriarch was not
above doing a little kidnapping on his own.

 I was seated in my chair and Wormley was
sprawled on his bed. As the personage entered the
room I unconsciously arose to my feet. His very
bearing was enough to inspire one with a sense
of his majesty.

A Challenge

HE was the first to speak and his words came
sharp and cutting.

  “All, Messers, you have indeed given Mentor an
honor in condescending to pay us a visit,” he said,
“and to throw your lot in with ours! We trust that
you will learn to look upon Mentor as your own.”
The glitter that shone in the dark eyes was the
Patriarch’s manner of expressing keen enjoyment
as well as laughter.

  “However," he continued, “I regret, my friends,
that your arrival accidentally broke your little ma-
chine and of course it will be impossible for you to
find your way home through the jungles.”

  “In other words you are informing us that we
are your prisoners, eh?” shot out Wormley.

  “One addresses the Patriarch as Sire!” One of
the attendant aides spoke, fastening cold eyes upon
the aviator.

  Wormley shrugged his shoulders. “You mean we
are your prisoners . . . sire?” he repeated and I
could only grin at the audacity of his slurred em-
phasis on the word.

  Again the gimlet eyes glittered. It could be seen
that Mentor enjoyed a show of spunk.

  “You are mistaken, Pilot Wormley,” said the
cold harsh voice, “we have no prisoners. When you
have been entirely healed and found to be in good
physical condition you will be given the freedom
of Mentor. Wrhat the jungle holds for you we can
not answer. You will find Mentor a pleasant place
to dwell in, our rules are simple, our food plentiful.
True, our amusements are not many, but our
women are said to be . . . pretty, and we trust you
will be glad to make your home with us.”

  “And if I do not come up to your physical
standards . . . sire?” again the emphasis on the
word.

  The Patriarch shrugged. “We allow no imperfect
beings in our midst . .

  “Then, would I be allowed to return to my home,
sire ?”

  “The jungle lies before you!" and ^ith that
laconic statement he turned on his heel and with
his shadows departed as quickly and silently as he
had come.

  “Well, that’s that, gentlemen,” concluded Worm-
ley. “He dares us to try to get out!”

  “I’m making no attempts to leave here until I
discover all there is to know,” I declared.

  “And then you will continue to stay, my dear
friend, if I judge that nice amiable gentleman
right!”

  We both laughed uproariously as if it were a
good joke, but I am sure that Wormley as well as
myself felt just how tight the net lay about us.
Surely others had tried to escape ere this and had
they reached safety the world would have known.

More Sightseeing

nrHE following day I was given my discharge
from the hospital after Doctor Morris had given
me as thorough an examination as any man ever
had. Evidently I proved to be physically fit as I
was put in the charge of a youth whose wings were
but little stumps between his shoulder blades. He
led me to my new quarters through a long under-
ground corridor. I have forgotten to note that from
the first I had been wearing a suit of clothing
exactly like the Mentorites, close fitting and feather
embroidered.

  One could only marvel at the ingenuity of the
Mentorites in constructing their city under the
ground; it had taken hard labor and fine engineer-
ing to dig out the large chambers and tunnels be-
neath the jungle giants whose roots often could be
seen enclosed in cement. It must also take care
to keep alive the trees whose roots were so em-
bedded.
74

AIR WONDER STORIES

  I was led into a fairly large chamber, the roof
of which was upheld by a number of sturdy
columns. This, I gathered was a lounge, for there
were chairs, tables and settees placed conveniently
about. The furnishings were of the simplest, being
for the most part home-made specimens fashioned
from small saplings and roughly finished. Cushions
of native cloth were filled with soft feathers to re-
lieve the body from sharp contact with the rough
wood. The chair backs were very low for the
benefit of the winged people. A carpet woven of
rough dried grasses covered the cement floor.
Everything was clean and neat and disinfectants
were used to keep the air clean and sweet.

  Here and there on the wall were hung examples
of Mentorian workmanship, tapestries woven from
variegated feathers often depicting scenes from the
life of the city as well as of the jungle, birds and
flowers. Too, there were a number of paintings
done by native artists that showed power and
understanding. Skins of jungle creatures, jaguars,
armadillos, tapirs and alligators were placed about.
Yet with all these embellishments the plain severi-
ty of the room shone out with something like
puritan simplicity.

  Several doorways opened from this general room,
and through one I saw the long tables that bespoke
the dining room. Odors emanating from there told
of the noon-day meal in preparation.

  In passing through the lounge my guide, of
course, had not stopped but took me directly
through it to another corridor. The open doorways
showed me fairly large-sized rooms with beds set
in neat rows. He took me into one of these rooms.
There were ten beds to the room, made of saplings
with springs woven from hemp, mattresses that
were filled with sweet smelling grasses and covcred
with thin blankets of feathers.

  This was one of the male dormitories. On the
other side of the lounge were the rooms for women.
The ceiling was rather high and I descried several
openings in it and could feel the current of cool
fresh air that came through them. I found that
this ventilation was forced through the city by
the means of great fans; the air, being brought in
by big suction pumps, was cleansed and purified
before it was distributed.

  Electric fixtures were fittted into the ceilings,
fixtures that were of plain white glass, the lights
burning throughout the day and night, until, at
the proper hour, they were turned off simultane-
ously an one point in the city. Electricity was
only source of power; they cooked with it as
well as used it for lighting.

Jim Learns the Rules

MY guide pointed out the bed that was to be
mine and on questioning I found that a bed
was reserved for Wormley next to it. I was glad
of that. The youth then gave me a number which
was to be mine in the dining hall. Meals, I learned,
were served at regular hours and woe to the one
who was tardy; he must go hungry until the next
meal unless he could wheedle a bite from a kindly
cook in the kitchen.

  Mentorian kitchens were models of modern
equipage. A small army of workers prepared the
foods, each man and woman employed there having

his own routine laid out for him. The bins and
closets that held the food supplies were roomy and
beautifully kept, and even though the kitchens were
underground not a bit of smoke ever lingered—
for suction fans carried it off and the smoke itself
was chemically dissolved so that not a wisp of it
ever escaped. Too, great fans kept the air sweet
and fresh.

  Life in the city was run by clock work. There
was the hour to arise and the hour to retire, the
hour for relaxation, the hours for work, and to
deviate from the routine was considered a serious
offense. Punishment was not meted out to the
culprit, only there was the disapproval that shone
in the eyes of his fellow; for a laggard as well as
a sluggard was to Mentorites as bad as being a
thief or a murderer.

  And to every man and woman was given a job
either manual, clerical or executive whatever he
or she were best suited for. Idleness was not toler-
ated.

  In each day’s schedule there was plenty of time
for relaxation, and by relaxation was meant the
hours that belonged to the individual to do with
as he wished. There were hours for drill, for the
winged people. This meant drilling in formation,
army drill in other words. For the Earthbound
and Captives it meant drilling to evacuate the city
in record time, a sort of precautionary measure in
case of fire or attack.

  Every flying man and woman belonged to a com-
pany and the officers were designated only during
drill hours by a colored band around the forehead,
and their rank was achieved only by wor\.

  Even the children had their drills and earned
their places in the rank's only by their achieve-
ments. After seeing one of the drills I decided that
Mentor was well defended. It was to be seen that
they were never to be taken unawares by their
enemies.

  I became very interested in the Mentor manner
of child rearing. Children stayed with their mothers
up to the age of five years when they were turned
over to the educationalists trained specifically for
their work. The children had their own lounges and
dormitories, their class rooms, their hours for work,
for play and drill; and beside their school work
were small tasks and duties for them to perform.

  Nor did itappear to me as if these people suffered
for the loss of what we on the Outside consider
our heritage, the right of the individual. They were
healthy, strong, happy, normal. There were no
police nor courts for the simple reason that there
were no thieves, no madmen, no vicious tri-cornered
affairs that necessitated litigation; no murders, no
divorce. Children were as gay and happy as if they
had a mother’s care, as joyous and carefree as any
child upon the Outside; more so, I should say, since
there were no class distinctions, no race prejudices,
110 snobbishness; the same abundance of food, thf
same clothing, toys and play hours. What more
could children want? Love? Could any normal man
or woman help but love the little things? They had
their little friendships, their little loves, the comfort
of each other’s arms and guardians who had only
kind words and loving pats for them. A teacher
who mistreated a child was taken from her charges
and put to other work.
MEN WITH WINGS

75

  For the adults there were their own friendships,
their mates, their amusements. A man had a right
to take the woman he loved to mate, but he was not
compelled to ta\e her for life. True many a man or
woman took upon themselves a single mate for
their life-time and they were happy in each other's
love and lived their full happy days knowing that
with the end of the days they would have each other
again. And there was the pure blue sky and the
bright sun above into which one could plunge or
climb to the dizzy heights, race with the birds and
look about and survey the world as far as the eye
could see. He could know that he is the happiest of
all creatures on Earth because he possessed the
medium to express his soul’s desire . . . wings . . .
to climb with the eagle ... to sing with the lark!

  Amusements they had, too. There were races run
in the clearings, tournaments held in the air,
pageants enacted, plays performed. There were
sing-songs, games, competitive drills. There "were
five holidays in the Mentorian calendar. One marked
the birthday of Howard Mentor, their common
ancestor; one for the day on which the Scotch ship
had put to sea; one for the arrival in Brazil; one
for the settlement of present Mentor; one for the
birthday of the reigning Patriarch. On these days
there were opening prayers and no work was done
except such chores as were absolutely necessary.

  Could life be more complete anywhere else on the
the globe?

CHAPTER SEVEN

Ready For Work

FOR a week I was given the freedom of the
city. I wandered down one corridor and up
another; into chamber after chamber, up
the steps to the jungle or down to the lower levels
where were the workshops. Here men .and women
worked alike, making cloth, skinning birds, pluck-
ing and sorting feathers, tanning the skins, and
manufacturing all kinds of necessities that were not
purchased from the Outside. There were furniture
shops, mechanical shops, a sugar refinery that
treated the raw sugar as it came from the plan-
tation.

  Throughout the city were many small swimming
pools distributed on the third level, and here I spent
a great deal of time in the cool water that was
brought underground from the rivers hereabouts.
The winged people were not very good swimmers,
in fact, they never went into the water to swim
but rather to bathe. To wet their wings meant many
hours to be spent in drying them. They kept the
feathers clean with oil baths, and there were a
number of chambers devoted to their care just as
there were the tonsorial parlors to keep their hair
and beards neatly trimmed.

  1 visited the hospital often for Wormley was still
confined and Miss Lois was usually about. She and
I had become fast friends. She, I had learned, was
a cousin of the Patriarch and she was a head nurse
in the hospital directing the work of the nurses
under her. There were a good number of doctors
whom Doctor Morris trained; conducting a school
for their benefit. He was kept rather busy traveling
from one hospital to another in the settlements
supervising the work and taking charge of the most
serious cases.

  I learned that Mentor was equipped with the
telephone system so that all the cities were linked
together and there was also a radio hook-up! The
Patriarch had a giant receiving set in his own
quarters and often we were given musical concerts
from all over the world.

  Almost every day new recruits were arriving in
the Detention Camp some twenty-five miles beyond
Mentor. I could only wonder what this would
eventually bring. It seemed as if the hour had al-
most struck for Mentor to announce herself to the
woftfl.

  In the meantime I knew that my time was grow-
ing short. The usual procedure with the newcomers
was to give them a few days of idleness in which
to learn all they could about the nation of Mentor;
then they were required to state their preference
for the type of work they should like to do best,
and more than a week of idleness would not be
tolerated. In fact, I was anxious to be up and doing,
for the enforced idleness was becoming unbearable,
especially in a world where everyone was busy.

  It was Wormley who made a suggestion of what
type of work I1 could accomplish here in the city and
I was directed to seek out the Patriarch for his ap-
probation. I found him in his quarters which formed
the hub of the city. I had to wait in an anteroom
until my turn came for an audience. After an hour’s
wait I was ushered into the presence.

  The room in which I found the Patriarch was
furnished in Spartan simplicity, a table and three or
four chairs were the only pieces of furniture. A
grass rug covered the floor and behind the Pa-
triarch’s chair was the full length portrait of a man
whom I immediately judged to be Howard Mentor,
a dark-visaged man with the piercing eyes of one
who had spent a life-time in realizing an ambition.
He was dressed in the colorful costume of the six-
teenth century.

  The Patriarch merely nodded his head by way
of recognition when I entered the chamber and he
heard me through, quietly, as I outlined my plan
for establishing a newspaper by which Mentor
might be informed of all that took place in the
various settlements and what news filtered in from
the Outside, f rapidly explained plans for various
departments and for the training of printers, re-
porters, et cetera.

  The gimlet eyes bored me through, but somehow
I felt an awe for the handsome man. I think I
judged him right, for in him I saw a very human
man with a deep sense of humor as well as honor.
I had admired him intensely from the start and
now I found I had not placed my regard im-
properly. Here was a man of power who could take
his place in the world among kings.

  After finished speaking he nodded his head
slowly, and his cold hard voice spoke in his rapid
emphatic way. “I expected as much from you,
James Kennedy. Once a newsman always a news-
man, eh?” and his eyes glittered. I grinned.

  “That will be all,” he shot at me. “Your sug-
gestion will be considered and you will be advised
as to my decision.”

  And I was dismissed.
76

AIR WONDER STORIES

  I went back to Wormley and told him of the
rather one-sided interview. ‘‘He sure is one cussed
gentleman,” laughed the aviator, “but I don’t
know but that I like him. Wouldn’t mind a good
poker game with him 1”

Strange Stories

A SECOND week went by and I heard nothing
from the Patriarch. I was impatient to start
something for time was hanging rather heavily on
my hands. I visited and revisited the workshops,
the schools, the playgrounds. I spent a great
amount of time above ground in the clearings.
People went past me as they hurried about their
duties, and only during the hours of recreation
could I mingle freely with them. 1 made the ac-
quaintance of a number of the captives, girls who
seemed happy in their new strange life. I heard
some of them complain, but on the whole it ap-
peared that they were content, or at least had ac-
cepted their lot with proper spirit. They had all
been given work according to their own interests
and those who had no interests were being taught
simple tasks.

  There were not only female captives, but quite
a number of men who, like the women, had been
spirited away. Several were aviators who like our-
selves had fallen to the toil of the Machine. Of
those that had been kidnapped two of them in-
terested me the most with their stories.

  Charlie Broner told the tale of the flying girl
who had appeared to him in a moonlit garden in
Buenos Aires while he strolled trying to sober up
from a drinking party. Under the influence of
liquor he had thought the winged creature an
imagery of his besotted brain and gleefully de-
manded that she give him a ride in the air. He
awakened from his stupor to find himself being
carried over a jungle when the sun was dawning.
Twice he had tried to make his escape from Mentor,
but each time had been brought back. Being an
architect by profession he was now employed in
construction of the underground cities.

  Eugene Fargo’s tale was of different tinder. His
name was not unknown to me, and I recognized him
immediately as a sculptor of great promise. I could
even recall having seen an article in the News
stating that the artist had purchased a cay off the
Floridan coast where he planned to work unmo-
lested by “lion hunters” that were his pests.

  With his negro valet he had sneaked off to the
island with several uncompleted pieces of work.
One morning as he came down to the water for
his morning plunge he was startled to see what
appeared to be a gigantic bird barely skimming the
water and struggling with one wing to keep afloat.
He watched it struggle nearer, but it was too weak
and at last after a hard battle gave up. its strength
gone, and fell into the water. There it continued
to fight, keeping the one good wing above the
water.

  Admiring the heroic creature, Fargo called to his
servant to help launch a boat and they rowed out
to the stricken creature. One can picture their
wonder in discovering the bird to be a woman!
This was before the flying men had been dis-
covered !

  So he had nursed the winged girl back to health.
Her wing had been broken in a storm that had
carried her to his island. She allowed him to model
her in clay, and it is needless to say that the sculp-
tor fell in love with his model. Her name was
Mary. She told him the stirring history of her
people. They were in love, but Mary longed for
her jungle home. She tried to prevail upon the
artist to accompany her home. She begged that
he come so he might model her people—to teach
them his art. But Fargo refused. He had a small son
and daughter though his wife was dead, and he
had no wish to desert the world.

  The wing healed and the girl continued to plead,
but the man was adamantine. The wing was
strong again, and the girl took little flights to
strengthen it. Fargo watched each flight fearful
that the girl would fly away, for he loved her,
more than he loved his wife. He won in his
pleading to keep her with him another month and
again another month. Pie longed to clip the wings
of his love, but he was too much a man for that.

  He had a large fortune in trust for his children
and they were well cared for by his sister. He al-
most made the decision to go, but at the end he
was still as uncertain. The day before, Mary de-
clared she must return to her people and that night
the two fell asleep after many hours of pleading for
each to do his will. That is Fargo fell asleep,
but not Alary. She must return to Mentor and the
man must go with her. She slipped the clay model
of herself in her bosom. There were to be no tale-
tell marks left.

  So Fargo awoke with the dawn to find himself
bound hand and foot more than a thousand feet
above a watery expanse. With night they dropped
on a deserted sandy beach. She fed him fruit and
gave him water, but would not remove his bonds.
The next night found them at Mentor.

  Thus had Eugene Fargo come to the jungles, and
he confessed to me that he was happy that Mary
had taken the matter into her hands! He missed
his children, but he was happier than he had ever
been before and was doing better work. He had a
school for sculptoring started, in which he taught
those who had a talent. He took me to his work-
shop that he had fitted out in the lower branches
of several trees.

Life In Mentor

THE floor was of strong branches interwoven,
the leaves his walls, and the sun coming
through the tree tops gave him his light. He
climbed to his shop by means of a rope unless
his pupils or Mary were kind enough to carry him
up there. It wa9 a pretty sight of a morning to
see half a dozen or so of the winged youth seated
in a semi-circle around their teacher working with
clay near the city. The Patriarch had ordered some
clay. He had discovered a bed of fine workable
marble to be imported for him to work with, al-
though it would be gruelling work for six winged
men to bring the blocks of stone from afar in the
dead of night. At present he was working on a full
length figure of the Patriarch.

  There were also other schools for art. The
Mentorites were an artistic people as the paintings
on their walls prove. And the Patriarch seemed
MEN WITH WINGS

77

anxious to cultivate the Fine Arts among his
people, for he well knew that a civilization has its
foundations in Art.

  From time to time I had been seeing Miss Lois
either in the clearings under the trees or in the
lounge rooms below. I knew from the very first
that I was in love with this beautiful angelic
creature, but I did not know if she harbored a like
feeling for me. Kindly, she answered all my ques-
tions, told me of her work, advised me and helped
me in whatever way she could. And several times
she was good enough to take me for short flights
above the trees. Once she suggested a tour of
Mentor for me; and, as she was going with Doctor
Morris in a round of inspection of the hospital, I
was invited to accompany them.

  Morris was borne aloft by a winged youth and
another was provided for me, and the five of us
went from city to city. Life in the five other
settlements was much the same as in Number One
City. Each were designated by its number.

  The Mentorite is a fine flyer. Their wings are
very powerful—as from childhood they are taught
to develop them. And part of their training is to
carry heavy burdens as they fly, the weight of the
burden increasing with their years so that a hun-
dred pound weight is nothing for them to carry
a distance of from five hundred to a thousand miles
in a long sustained flight!

  Endurance contests were encouraged. The longest
sustained flight record among them is for one
hundred and fifty hours! On many a fine day it is
not an uncommon sight to see a tiny dot high in
the sky that looks no more than a speck of dust
and know that it is either a man or woman out to
break a record. They carry enough food and
water to last them for a long time. Wearing heavier
clothing they climb to tremendous heights, as high
as it is possible for human beings to climb and yet
survive.

  One morning, Lois asked if I should care to wit-
ness the morning drill. I quickly assented. I knew
now how to place my weight in a position that is
best for my bearer and, as easily as if I were a child,
the broad wings of Lois bore me up through one
of the passages to the air above.

  Early morning over the jungle is pleasant indeed.
The air is fresh and keen, and the warm odor of
growing things fills the air. Lois picked out a
comfortable crotch in a big jungle giant from where
I could watch the maneuvres as from a ring-side
seat. Thousands of the winged people were al-
ready abroad, and many more were coming up
through the trees. I would have been glad to climb
with Lois to the sun that morning, but with a smile
and a wave she left me in my seat as she hurried
to join her fellows.

  There were other spectators beside myself. Later
Miss Lois showed me that many of the trees
were hung with giant vines and also ropes that
had been camouflaged in such a manner as to look
like the living vines. By this means the Earth-
bound might climb to the lowest branches of the
rees and from there he would find steps leading
upward, small ladders of interwoven branches.
•\fter discovering that, I spent a great deal of my
time in the trees.

The Drill

NEAR me today was seated a captive, like my-
self, who was familiar with all the features of
the drill and pointed out to me the more interesting
exercises. He was a youth scarcely eighteen, as
pretty as a girl. He had come to Mentor when he
was but twelve years old.

  He pointed out the eight sentinels stationed at
the eight points of the compass. They had taken
their places several thousand feet up in the sky.
They were the outlooks and would warn the com-
panies below of the approach of aircraft. Once in
a while we see an aeroplane far off in the sky.
Usually, however, we were warned of its arrival
long before it could be seen and under pain of
death we were forced to hide ourselves in the trees.
One could only recall the fate of the woman we
had seen from the plane on the day we had come
looking for Mentor to be sure not to desire a like
fate.

  The winged men and women were now gather-
ing into squads and companies, and at the sound
of a sharp whistle a line was formed in the air
as neatly as an infantry could on the ground—as
battalion after battalion took its place. I marveled
at the dexterity with which the flying people mas-
tered the air. It was a marvelous sight when all
the companies had fallen into place and, with wings
outstretched, maintained themselves in one position
as easily as a man stands upright on his feet.

  How brilliant that scene was in the bright tropic
sunlight, with the variegated shining wings of
every hue and color known to the birds. I noted
that each company was made up of those whose
wings were of one color. The first company were
all white winged, the second black, the third golden,
the fourth red, the fifth green, the sixth blue and so
on through the natural colors and on into those
whose wings were of various color combinations.
Last and most beautiful were those of the rain-
bowed wings, and among them was Miss Lois who
ranked a captain!

  At the sound of a second whistle all was very
still, and I saw that the Patriarch had arrived. He
took his place in front of the first company. He
was wearing a costume of snowy white and was
a striking creature with his great black wings.

  He now blew his whistle and the companies
came to rigid attention, their bodies stiffened, their
wings quivering under the tension. Immediately
two blasts of the whistle shrilled out and with it
came a roar that was almost deafening. Thirty
thousand pairs of wings were beating the air as
the flyers arose, company after company, straight
toward the heavens.

  Never was a company of soldiers better trained.
Every body was as straight and as motionless as
a ramrod; each man kept his distance from his
companion as if the distance had been measured
by a yardstick. Rising, they looked as if they would
never halt again; until finally the whistle sounded.
Immediately the battalions broke order, half their
number flying rapidly in one direction, the other
the opposite. A thousand yards apart they came
to a halt and we could see that they had separated
according to the colors of their wings, the solid-
hued wings on one side, the variegated upon the
other.
SX'Jif

             ^\>. V"" V*N

                    No matter in what direction the planes turned, the winged men were upon them and plane after
               plane began to crash, many of them going up in flames. In one concerted rush, 50,000 flying men
               and women took to the air.

78
MEN WITH WINGS

79

  Again the whistle, and the two parties were gal-
vanized into action. With a great roar of their
wings and with equal speed the two contingents
headed directly for each other so that it appeared
as if there was to be a head-on collision. They
met and now we were treated to a sight that was
intensely stirring, an aerial sham-battle. Their only
weapon was a small blunt stick that was brought
from a pocket. Its tip was chalked with red. The
trick appeared to be in parrying with one’s op-
ponent until one or the other was marked by the
red stick. The stricken one immediately dropped
out of the battle. And such flying there was, such
banking, such whirling, such spins, such spirals,
such flying as never before witnessed.

  The battle lasted no more than ten minutes, one
after another of the vanquished falling out Until
the trees were literally covered with them as they
watched for the end. A roar went up when the
Patriarch's snowy bosom was marked with red!
No more than two thousand were left in the air
when the whistle shrilled again. The majority of
those remaining in the air had variegated wings and
only a few hundred of the solid colored remained
aloft. The victory was given to the former.

  At times, my informant told me that there were
battles between male and female and although the
male predominated to a great degree the female
contingents often won.

  Now the companies again took their places in the
air, and there followed a half hour of drill with the
huge body moving as one man, turning, twisting,
dropping, soaring, charging and retreating. I saw
again the formation of the circle as each man and
woman scattered at a command and flew outward
and upward until a tremendous circle was formed,
a circle of five ranks rising higher and higher.

  When the drill was done Miss Lois came for me
and carried me to the ground again. She was
scarcely winded from the trial. She left me as she
hurried to her duties in the hospital.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Jim Takes A Mate

DAYS went by and yet I received no orders
from the Patriarch. The fact that I was
allowed to remain idle pointed to the con-
clusion that he was still considering my application
to organize a news sheet; but I could only wonder
at the Patriarch's procrastination. I could see no
reason for him to hesitate.

  By now I knew all the ins and outs of the city.
Twice I made a half-hearted attempt to escape
knowing beforehand the futility of such a course,
and I was thwarted each time. I spent a great
deal of time with Wormley who was still wailing
for his leg to heal.

  And one day a summons came. I had been called
before the Patriarch! I was all a-quiver, but the cold
visage of the black-winged man chilled me. ‘‘Jim
Kennedy,” said he, “I have learned that twice you
have made an attempt to leave bounds! Your
reason, please!”

  I shrugged my shoulders. “I was merely seeking
proof, sire,” I answered as laconically as I could.
And I saw that my answer was an almost imper-
ceptible smile.

  “The second charge against you . . is that you
have been with us . . . five weeks . . . yet you have
not performed the first duty that is expected of
you! And that is to take to yourself a mate.”
Again I shrugged my shoulders. “The women of
Mentor are all beautiful,” I said lamely, thinking
instead of the beauty of Miss Lois.

  “All the more reason you should have chosen.
Mentor has a purpose in the world, and it is the
duty of every man and woman within her gates
to do what he or she can to further our work,
and he who shirks that duty is of no use to us!
Our way of dealing with such as you ... is simple.
Since you do not choose for yourself, we choose
for you!”

  He clapped his hands shortly. I was hot under
the collar and I was ready to tell him what I
thought of him and his nation when the door
opened and in came Miss Lois!

  “We do not beat around the bush in Mentor,”
went on the dictator. “We have no silly conven-
tions, nor prattle by which we try to disguise our
purpose here. We know to build a great nation we
must have a foundation on which to build, and
our foundation necessarily is strength. That
strength is our young!”

  “This young woman,” he went on, “is one of
our finest specimens of girlhood. She is of a direct
line of eight generations of the alated, and because
of the strength of her blood you are commanded
to take her to mate in hope that you can bring
forth a child that is worthy of Mentor! Let me
hear differently and things will go hard with you.”
I listened wordlessly to the harangue. The man's
cold-blooded eugenic creed disgusted me and I felt
that I should stand up for my rights as a man
and tell him what I thought of him and his noxious
doctrine, only the presence of the girl standing
quietly by, held me back.

  Seething within I demanded, “Has Miss Lois
nothing to say to this?”

  The man must have read my feelings in my face
and for the first time I saw a true smile on his lips.
“Lois has already announced the fact that she is
quite willing to accept you, Jim Kennedy. In that
you are to be complimented.”

  I don’t know what emotion swept me then. I was
suddenly elated and at the same time greatly em-
barassed. I stole a glance at the girl’s face and
she was not looking at me nor appeared embar-
rassed in any way. Such procedure was the rule
in Mentor.

  Concluding that the interview was over I waited
only for the word of dismissal. Yet the Patriarch
was not through.

  “Today.” he stated, “a shipment from Cuzco has
arrived. In Section Three of the third level you
will find all the necessary equipment for the work
you have asked to carry out. You are permitted to
choose what youths you will need in your project.
We shall expect weekly reports from you and I
shall require that you confer with me on the policy
which I wish you to pursue. That is all now. You
may retire!”

  So that was the way the Patriarch did things.
My heart suddenly grew warm. I took several
steps forward and stretched out my hand. Pa-
triarch Mentor took it and we clasped hands hearti-
ly. It was the beginining of our friendship!
80

AIR WONDER STORIES

  Outside his chambers I faced Miss Lois who had
accompanied me. I did not know just what to say.
She looked at me and smiled gently. "Our methods
are strange to you. Jim Kennedy? I know from
what Howard Wormley tells me that you do not
go about such matters on the Outside as we do
here.”

  I admitted as much, but I hurried on to tell
her that my feelings had always been directed to
her ever since I had first seen her; that I loved her
and my reticence was due only to the fact that
I feared she did not feel the same toward me.

And Becomes Acquainted With Her

SHE blushed prettily and then declared that she
had loved me the minute they had brought my
mangled body to her. She went on to tell me of
hours she spent at my bedside when it was thought
I would die, and the tears she had shed! Wormley,
she said, had known all along! You may be sure
that 1 made up my mind to tell him just what I
thought of him for not having warned me.

  “And now," said she in a tone that was strangely
matter-of-fact for the occasion, “I suppose you are
anxious to see the machineries they have brought
for you?”

  She led me through the corridors down to the
lower level and into the rooms where my news-
paper was to take life. The delight I had expected
to feel when I should first realize I had a printing
press under my hand was not there. Instead I
wanted to runaway somewhere with this Earthly
angel, hold her in my arms and tell her how much
I adored her.

  Instead I pretended enthusiasm in the presses.
I could never rival the great New York dailies, but
I would be able to work out a fairly good weekly
paper on the shiny new machinery that awaited
me. Everything was there to the smallest detail,
even the conventional mats and great rolls of paper
ready for use. I had to admit that Patriarch Mentor
did things in a big way.

  Three fairly large chambers had been set aside
for me and with the aid of six husky fellows we
placed everything to my satisfaction, the various
presses, the heavy rollers, and the bundle machine.
By trade I am only a reporter, but I had learned
my profession in the hard grind of a country news-
paper and knew printing from pi to em! I arranged
a desk of rough wood under a bright light, placed
on it one of the three brand new typewriters, a
stack of paper, pencils and what-not in prepara-
tion of the work to come.

  The luncheon bell rang ere we were quite fin-
ished placing everything. Lois had returned to her
own work after directing me to the offices, but
I found her in the common lounge awaiting me.
Heretofore she had lived and eaten her meals in
the hospital quarters, but I discovered that she had
had her place changed so that henceforth we should
be together during the dining hours.

  She was so sweet and unspoiled, so natural in
what seemed to me such an unnatural position,
that her very attitude made it easier for me. Still
I did not have any appetite for the food put before
me and I was glad when the meal ended and we
would have an hour or so in which to become
acquainted, for I realized that I knew very little
about this young lady.

  We took a settee in the lounge and we talked
throughout the hour. Lois wanted to know more
about the Outside, what was marriage, how were
courtships conducted as well as a great many other
things. She liked the thought of a couple setting
up house-keeping together, but she had nothing to
say against Mentorian methods. When the gong
announced the end of the hour she shyly agreed to
meet me after the working period.

  Perhaps Patriarch Mentor was laughing at me
knowing full well how difficult it was for a man
to serve two masters at once, ambition and love!
I surely accomplished very little in the hours that
followed. I sat there at my desk contemplating the
stack of paper—for first off I had planned to lay
out the set-up for the front-sheet of my paper. But
as far as I went was to write at the top the name
that it was to be known by, the Aerial

  At the ringing of the gong I found Lois at the
spot she had designated for our tryst and she con-
fided that she had something to show me. I
followed her along a path I had never been on
before, and after walking rapidly we came to halt
under a giant tree. She pointed out that I was
to follow her up the rope that hung from the lowest
branch. She went up quickly and easily, I more
slowly.

  Up we climbed the little ladders that were barely
strong enough for my weight, but up which the
girl went as lightly as a bit of thistle. Scarcely
ten feet below the roof of the jungle we halted
and she showed me a pretty little nook that had
been constructed of interwoven branches. A cushion
of feathers covered the rough floor. And, only a
few slender branches overhead, hid the platform
from above.

  She blushed as she confessed, “When I was a
child I built this little hide-out myself. Here, I
now come often when I feel 1 wish to be alone.
Could we not call this our . . . house . . . our
own . . . Jim Kennedy?”

  Ah, the sweetness of her and the pity, for though
she was of a people who had lived a communal life
for almost five centuries the desire for something
of her own was still in her and had spoken to her.
There for the first time I took her in my arms and
kissed her. I can say no more of the love that
welled in me for her. it is hard to write of it, but
I loved her then as I shall always love her, I, the
hard-boiled reporter fellow!

And Goes to Work

WE did not stay long in our little love nest
as I thought of it thereafter, for our rest
period was of but an hour’s duration before the
drill—but we did come back again and again, and
there were only the bright-plumed birds and the
beady-eyed monkeys to tell of those hours. Often
we took flights from there up into the blue of the
skies or into the wonder of the silvery nights. The
first strangeness of being carried in her arms wore
off and I learned by proxy what it meant to fly . . .
to really fly as the birds fly without the deadening
roar of motors or the breath of burning oil.

  So life in Mentor started for me with a bang.
Never again did I think of escaping. Poor Sims
can wait for his story. The next weeks overflowed
and seemed all too short. I was peopling my offic«
MEN WITH WINGS

81

with printers, clerks and printer’s devils. I was
training reporters and columnists. Lottie Walker,
a captive woman, became my women's correspond-
ent. She had been a reporter on a Chicago paper
and she became invaluable to me. Another Amer-
ican girl, Wanda Heath, became a reporter. Eugene
Fargo agreed to write an article each week about
art. I found a music critic and a sports writer!

  I had an interview with the Patriarch and he out-
lined the policy of the Aerial, the name of which he
approved. And two weeks after the arrival of the
presses we came out with our first edition! I
laughed when I thought of what the T^euis would
have said of it. It was crude; my printers were
none too efficient and my staff needed much train-
ing, but at worst it was not so bad and gave promise
of improvement. It had only one double sheet,
all news, of course, for what had we of Mentor to
advertise? The Patriarch was quite enthusiastic
about it and laughed heartily over a caricature of
himself that had been drawn by an art student. I
realized that I must introduce one or two chaps to
the art of comic-strips.

  But wait .... I am not writing this narrative to
tell of my own exploits and triumphs, there were
other things that were taking place in Mentor.

  From time to time planes had been sighted hover-
ing around and about Mentor. Several planes fell
to Mentor's toils and the pilots, who survived the
fall to the great sheet of metal that was reared up
over the jungle to receive them, were added to the
swelling population. They took their places as we all
had done, and none seemed irked by their enforced
incarceration. As time wore on some of the bolder
spirits did make attempts to escape, but they never
got far away, nor were they punished for their
attempts unless they proved too persistent. What
happened to them, when they disappeared from our
ranks, none of us knew.

  By means of our radio we knew that those of the
Outside were anxious for revenge upon the men
with wings. Several flying men had been captured
when they became too daring in the matter of ab-
ductions. Of course they had been given the third
degree and South Americans were not adverse to
torturing them in an attempt to learn from whence
they had come, their number and their ultimate in-
tentions. But to date not a single captured Men-
torite had divulged the secret of his race.

  We knew, however, that the Americans were
planning to descend upon the jungle in the area
where it was conjectured the alated had their base,
and to wipe it from the map. The tropical rains
came and we had that interim in which to prepare—
had their been any preparations to be made. But
I learned Mentor was already prepared.

CHAPTER NINE

Ready For Battle

THE six weeks of rain that followed was not
as unpleasant a time to us in the underground
cities as it might be expected. However, the
people were rather cooped up during those long
hours when the heavens poured incessantly down
upon the jungles. Still the cities were dry and
many happy hours were spent in the lounges.
Everyone did his best to entertain his fellow so that
the hours did not seem long.

  There were plays enacted in the big assembly
rooms of the city, indoor games played. Musicians
brought out their instruments to entertain the
crowds and of course we had the radio.

  On the days when the sun shone, there was a
general exodus as everyone hurried into its warmth
and wings were spread again.

  In the meantime I was making great progress
with my paper, discovering new talent, widening
my range. I now had correspondents in each of
the cities, and we had our own telephone switch-
board to receive the incoming news. We had three
comic strips, and we ran a column of jokes as well
as a weekly story written by one of our coming au-
thors. Patriarch Mentor complimented me on the
work we were doing, for it could be seen that the
newspaper was bringing the scattered settlements
closer together than ever.

  Wormley had since been discharged from the
hospital and during those weeks while it rained he
made great progress with the Mentorite women.
He had gotten his wish and had been detailed to
work at one of the Aero-electrovoid Bases of which
there were six stationed at distant points around
Mentor. These tremendous machines that brought
down the planes worked on a very simple plan. By
mean of great generators the dust was ionized
and the air was sucked out of the locality above
the cities. So powerful were they that any object
in the way would immediately be swung around
and around and finally sucked into the maw of the
machine!

  What Wormley had suggested that day in the
hospital, then, was astonishingly correct. Over the
machine was erected a great heavy plate of sheet
metal of large proportions. This could be raised
in the time of need above the trees to catch the fall-
ing plane and to protect the machine beneath. The
metal sheet was then lowered and tilted so that the
wrecked plane would slide off into a pit dug below.

  The whole machine itself was built in a pit below
the ground and when not in action was completely
covered and the area over and around it made to
appear as if it had never been touched by human
foot.

  Wormley’s work was to do with the mechanics
of the engine, repairing it keeping it in readiness
for what was to come. I could not understand his
desire to be part of such destruction, but human
nature is a funny thing after all, and perhaps he
saw humour in nursing the infernal thing. I knew,
too, he was studying its construction possibly with
the hope that some day he might escape and give
it to the world.

  From a word the Patriarch dropped one day I
imagined that he understood Wormley’s intention,
and he himself enjoyed the joke, at the same time
keeping a heavy guard on the “captive”. Wormley
did attempt to make an escape one day, months
later, and he paid for it with his life. That caused
me a good deal of pain.

  At last the day did arrive when our friends on
the Outside made an attempt to conquer the mar-
auding winged men. That day the twenty-fifth
of July will go down into history to be remembered
many years hence. And it was the events of that
day that forced the world to respect the power of
Mentor!
82

AIR WONDER STORIES

  We had already been appraised of the attack that
was to be made and consequently waited anxiously
for the outcome. How utterly were those fleets of
two hundred and fifty planes beaten! How like
toys they fell into the power of the Patriarch.

  Although we were forewarned no precautions were
taken by the Mentorites. Until the hour had almost
struck, the business of living went about as ever
before. Only when the gong struck eleven o’clock
in the morning, did it appear as if anything was
afoot. Orders were given for every able-bodied
winged man and women to gather above the jungle
without a moment’s delay. No one else was to
leave the cities on pain of death! An Earthbound
discovered above the ground would die on the spot.

  For us all work was suspended and we were
ordered to gather in the lounges and stay there.
How inglorious I felt herded in a room while Lois,
my wife, went to join the legions. I even envied
Wormley then, in his work beside the Aero-electro-
void. I, as editor-in-chief of the Aerial should
have at least been an eye-witness of that conflict.
Instead I was forced to hear the results of the day
by word of mouth. John, one of my reporters, who
took his place in the ranks had the extreme pleasure
of writing the dramatic story and all I could do was
to edit it.

The Battle

WORD had come to us that the two hundred
and fifty planes had set out from Cuzco and
could be expected around noon. Half an hour
before the hour we heard the roar of the motors
as they drew near. Spread out in a giant circle the
one hundred and eighty thousand or so winged
warriors waiting quietly in the trees hidden from
sight. Each officer of the companies was provided
with a radio receiving set small enough to be carried
on his belt. Orders came from headquarters in
Mentor where the Patriarch waited, stationed in the
trees. The six electrovoid machines were already
warming up, but had not yet begun their work
of sucking down the upper atmosphere over the
area of Mentor. Let the enemy drop all the bombs
he wished, but not one of them would ever strike
their goal, their explosions would only wreck havoc
in the wild unpopulated jungles becoming boomer-
angs to the very man who had tossed them!

 Down in Number One city we knew when the
planes arrived for they immediately took their
station directly over our city. On arriving over the
spot, the planes had gathered together about five
thousand feet above the trees, then at a command
from their commander began to spread into a wide
circle. For a short time they stayed poised over the
city, awaiting no doubt some sort of development
from the jungle, but it lay quietly sleeping in the
hot noon sun.

  Then several scout ships dropped low and came
zooming over the trees. They could see nothing
that was of interest, and we in the lounge rooms
heard their reports as they radioed to their com-
mandant. Evidently the Outside was unaware of
the fact that we had radio. Our battalions of course
used a code.

  More planes began dropping lower and it could
be seen that they were getting into a formation so
that they might throw bombs down upon the sea

of trees. Now for the first time Mentor acted. The
machines began their work, and the enemy were
not aware until two of the scout planes commenced
acting strangely and their pilots broadcast wildly
what was happening.

  Immediately the battalions above began to draw
aside, but 110 matter in what direction they turned
the danger was upon them, and one after another
of the planes began to fall out of control! The six
machines had complete control of the air for sixty
miles around and there was 110 telling how high
their power could be felt, for naturally as they
drew the upper air in from one area there was still
more to fill its place.

  The air overhead was losing its light as the elec-
trically-charged ionized-dust atmosphere could not
conduct the light of the sun as directly as hereto-
fore. And plane after plane was beginning to crash
on the metal plates. Some of the planes were
trying to discharge their supply of bombs, but
they went the same way as the planes and con-
sequently many of the planes went up into flames
ere they struck the barrier.

  In less than ten minutes after the beginning of
the fight almost a hundred planes had succumbed,
and those who had warily risen higher and higher
hovered above the earth uncertain where to turn.
They could be seen turning and moving out in all
directions as they attempted to find an area that
was free from menace. A number did reach the
outskirts of that great “hole” only to be caught in
the whirlpools formed in the outer spaces by the
terrific suction that was exerted. And they too fell.

  Seeing what had happened to their fellows the
hundred or so planes that were left, now took to
circling about within the sixty mile circle fearful
of going lower and fearful of being caught by the
whirlpools. It was then that Patriarch Mentor gave
command to the waiting companies outside the
circle.

  In one concerted rush fifty thousand flying men
and women took to the air rising straight up to the
heavens wherein the remaining “enemy” were
circling, still uncertain. The planes saw them com-
ing. Here at last was a tangible enemy to fight.
They gathered into formation and awaited the on-
coming flying men.

  I have mentioned earlier that I knew of no other
destructive weapon possessed by the Mentorites
outside of the Machines, but I discovered they were
not unprepared to do battle. They knew electricity
perhaps better than the world. We have had
scientists who have made for themselves thunder-
bolts, but as yet 110 use had ever been discovered
for them. The Mentorites did have a use for them.

  Each man and woman carried a small stick, harm-
less enough looking, but harmless it was not; for
each “stick” had within its barrel six discharges,
discharges of electricity that could travel a thou-
sand feet, and with each discharge of a thunder-
bolt a plane fell. That had been the reason for the
practice battles with red marked wands!

  Ten planes went down under the spitting of the
thunderbolts before the two parties drew together,
but now the aeroplanes were in the midst of the
flyers, and the machine guns were being turned
upon the flying men. A few of them fell, but their
ranks were scarcely touched, for the pilots busily
MEN WITH WINGS

83

trying to keep out of the way of the flashes from
the “thunder sticks” were not giving their gunners
a very good chance to direct their fire and those
who fell were shot down only by stray bullets.

  They were always right on the tail of the ma-
chines and on that day they proved how much more
efficient were living wings to those of cloth and
steel. Less than fifty planes now remained as they
fell one after another in smoke and fire, but they
had learned their lesson and were climbing higher
and higher so that the flying creatures were below
them. Thunderbolts continued to flash and several
more planes went into tail spins.

  A number of the flying men fell because by this
time the gunners could take more careful aim upon
the whirling twisting bodies, and by holding their
position high above the earth in the full glare of
the sun they were able to shoot the winged creatures
down one by one as they darted hither and thither
attempting to shoot their bolts into the vital parts
of the machines.

  Yet as each man fell there was another to take
his place. The airplane force had no reinforce-
ments, they had shot their bow and by now their
fuel must have been very low. And they were being
driven back beyond the range of Mentor. More of
the flying creatures arose from the trees. The
enemy was forced to acknowledge defeat. Below
were freshei troops taking formation in readiness
for a new attack.

  Dropping a tew remaining bombs; and with as
much dignity as they could muster, in close forma-
tion the thirty-odd air planes moved west. We
learned later that several dozens were forced down
in the jungles because of the lack of fuel.

  So ended the First Battle of Mentor!

  Now the work of the hospital corps began. A
little less than a hundred of our people had fallen,
and only thirty-five of them were fatally wounded,
the others having suffered only from flesh wounds.
A few had been killed outright as they fell atop the
metal sheets above the machines.

  Most of the enemy pilots and gunners had died,
but some still lived and these were brought in to
be cared for. The dead were gathered together and
cremated. The pits around the machines were
piled high with the wreckage of the two hundred
planes. Much of the jungle round about had been
completely demolished, but the cities of Mentor had
not been touched.

  We scarcely slept that night. There was moaning
and sobbing over the deaths of our people. I and
my staff worked the night through to bring out
an extra, and' with early morning the couriers flew
with the papers to the other settlements. There was
a great deal of rejoicing in the settlements, for it
had been proven that Mentor could overcome her
enemies.

  However, we did not know what the result would
have been if it were not for the Machines. Still,
we were to learn that at a later period. The world
knows now that the Mentorites are invincible, and
they have learned to respect the nation.

CHAPTER TEN

Life Continues in Mentor

SCOUTS were now stationed as look-outs day
and night, for we had fear of a second attack,
although our spies Outside reported that the
enemy had not yet rallied from their ignominious
defeat. Still public opinion ran high, and North
America was demanding that Mentor be wiped off
the map. It was now estimated that we were a
million strong, and they had no way of telling just
how wide an area we covered. The returning planes
had reported the locations of the machines, and it
was evident that the next attack would be made
upon them.

  Plans were being made to establish bases in the
jungle lands, for it had been proven that the air
planes needed a port closer to the scene of the
battle. America and Canada were both mobilizing
troops, and airplanes were being hastily built.

  And while all these preparations were being made
on the Outside, Mentor continued on with her busi-
ness of living. Our new recruits were being ini-
tiated into our manner of living, babies were being
born, settlements enlarged.

  I made it a point to visit the fifty-odd aviators
who had survived the wrecking of their planes at
the Detention Camp. They all expressed their ad-
miration for their captors, and were intensely in-
terested in the progress of the nation. On being
freed from the Camp they quickly accepted their
new life, and many of them appeared highly con-
tented with their lot and expressed the hope that
we should not be attacked again.

  One, Harry Mellor, a Canadian, approached the
Patriarch with the plan for the construction of a
number of bombing planes to combat the enemy.
The Patriarch did not approve the notion. He ad-
mitted that his ancestors had not conceived the
thought that man should ever rise in the air in
mechanical devices, but he saw no reason for their
offspring to take to machinery. He meant to prove
to the world that wings were an improvement over
the planes.

  The task of bringing new women to Mentor per-
sisted. but the abductors were more cautious and
worked only by night. Too, they had to travel
further and further for their prey. There were no
more spectacular aerial kidnappings or hotel scares.
Flying for hundreds of miles, sometimes as far as
the border states of the United States, the mar-
auders abided their time alighting as a rule near
some outlying post where from previous observa-
tion they had discovered the woman of their choice.
There they would await her coming. Swooping
suddenly down upon her, burying her cries in a
muffler they bore off with her not halting till they
reached home.

  The world was more uproarious than ever in
their demands that the criminals be punished. Ger-
many were turning out Zeppelins and planes that
were being rushed across the Atlantic. England
was also aroused, and even France and Italy were
incensed although the Mentorites did not molest
their peoples.

  In the settlements of the winged people, how-
ever, war appeared forgotten. The Arts were
being pursued avidly by the youths of the nation.
84

AIR WONDER STORIES

A writing club had been organized and gathered
together weekly to discuss their writings and
methods. New plays were being written and acted.
I often printed the stories of these authors. Eugene
Moore was making great progress with his Art
school. He had been driven to take rooms in the
city because of the growth of the school and some
fine pieces of work were turned out. There were
many other schools of endeavor besides those of
Art—mechanics, electrical and architectural, and
they were all making progress.

  I now added a sporting page to my paper. It
aroused as much attention as the sport’s section in
a New York daily. The endurance tests for flyers
continued. The record for staying aloft in one
spot above the city was for fifty-two hours, forty-
three minutes and ten seconds for male, and forty-
nine hours, twenty-seven minutes and fifty-two
seconds for female. This was apart from the long
sustained flights.

  Weekly contests were held for different types of
flying, the winner receiving a prize as well as the
high regard of his race. There were contests for
children in which they were classed according to
age. These races did much in teaching the most
valuable lessons of endurance.

  We did not confine ourselves to flying contests
alone. There were the ground games for the flying
people as well as the Earthbound, a type of base-
ball, basket ball and marbles in which the adults as
well as the children took great pleasure.

A New Mentorian

WE still kept in touch with the Outer world
by radio, and I printed all the news that
came over it. Several bases were being built in
various localities. One was on a plateau of the
Andes on the Peruvian border, another in Bolivia,
a third on the Amazon River. Our scouts flying by
night watched the progress that was being made.
Infantry was being brought into the jungles and
roads constructed. Artillery was also being brought
in at the cost of tremendous labor, and the sky
was becoming overrun by airplanes and Zeppelins.

  Some of us in Mentor wondered that the Pa-
triarch did nothing; why he was content to allow
the enemy to build its big army of offense. Most
of the Mentorites, however, were as phlegmatic as
their ruler, and to our protest that something should
be done, shrugged their shoulders and averred that
the matter rested in the Patriarch’s hands.

  I went so far as to approach him and ask what
this inaction was going to mean. We were now
intimate enough so that my audacity did not bring
a reprimand.

  "Why?” asked the Patriarch, “should we show
our hand before the time is ready, Jim Kennedy?
You have an expression that says, ‘Give a man
enough rope and he’ll hang himself!” We will
instead give them the rope and then do the hang-
ing . . . Bridges are to be crossed only when we
come to them.” He smiled wryly. “I should sug-
gest,” he added, "that you write an editorial on
that.”

  The rains came again before our enemy was
ready to strike, and it was during that time that
Jimmy Junior, as Lois insisted on naming him,
was born. The day he arrived almost became one

of mourning for me, for Lois, the dear little mother,
almost died in giving him life. But Doctor Morris
saved her as he had saved many mothers, and we
were both to look with joy and pride on the most
perfect specimen of alate babyhood.

  The nurses were profuse in their admiration of
him. They were not cooing over his appearance,
for he was like all babies, and even I, the proud
father, could not say that the little red creature
was different. It was his wings that held their
attention, for never had there been born a babe
with such wings, wings that already were longer
than the fat little youngster himself, and gave
promise of a growth that had never been seen be-
fore. The soft fuzz thas covered them was a downy
yellow, although in the sun’s glow we could detect
the faintest tint of what were later to be white and
blue.

  On the third day of his birth the Patriarch con-
descended to pay him a visit and congratulated Lois
on the fine baby she had given to Mentor. A month
later he was feted by all of Mentor and it was
easy to see that Jimmy Jr. was going to be the
pride of the nation.

  One might stop to question the thoughts of the
father as he realizes that he had in truth fathered
a monstrosity—for such the baby would be con-
sidered in ‘unwinged’ circles. Yet I was so happy
in the presence of my little family, in my work,
in my new life that such an idea never ocurred to
me. In fact, I was so wholly of Mentor that it was
seldom or ever that I thought in the terms of the
world. It was not until later years when I presented
my son to my family in the States that I felt any
discomfiture in his strange appearance. However,
by that time he was a handsome child with a body
that matched the splendor of his giant wings.

  Now to return to the Mentorian situation. The
rains ceased, and airplanes and fighting men were
coming into the jungle in hordes. Word came to
us from our emissaries that within two weeks time,
on the twelfth of the month, the day had been set
for the concerted attack on Mentor.

  It was not until on the eve of the twelfth that
the Patriarch struck, and so forceful was the blow
he gave the world, that they had reason to know
that they were reckoning with a power that could
not be crushed.

  At noon the order went out that the flying men
were to gather above the trees immediately after
the evening meal, and they were to carry six
thunderbolt wands apiece. These were distributed
among them before they took to the air. Mentor
was on its toes. There was to be action at last.

  The next order came for the Earthbound. They
were to be separated into companies, and by a
quick march they were hurried to the boundaries
of Mentor, in every direction.

  A small number of Earthbound were to stay
within the cities, to care for the children, to guard
the Captives, for no chance was to be allowed of
any of them escaping. A detail of winged women
were also left to guard each settlement.

A Decisive Victory

LOIS was not called out, for mothers of babes
up to six months old were not required for
service. Again I was forced to stay behind, and
hear the reports of what took place from other’s lips.
MEN WITH WINGS

85

  We learned that the flying men made descent
upon the three camps of the enemy and with their
thunderbolts entirely demolished all that had been
accomplished in the last months. Thousands of air-
planes were demolished that night, the artillery was
completely wrecked and there were thousands left
dead and dying.

  What airplanes managed to take to the air were
wrecked and went up in smoke before they had so
much as fired a single shot. Zeppelins exploded
and added terror to the awful carnage.

  The infantry that had already been making its way
through the jungles under the cover of night were
met by the Earthbound and entirely routed, and
many of them, captured, helped to swell the popula-
tion of Mentor. However, several thousand Earth-
bound died in those battles, for they did not have
the advantage of wings or of machine guns. The
infantry made a name for themselves that night,
even, though in the end they were forced to retreat
as the thunderbolts entirely demoralized them.

  With the morning all fight was driven out of the
invaders, and once again Mentor was declared
victor. The world cried out in chagrin.

  For a week following, we of Mentor were busy
with our wounded. All day and night our people
worked in the jungles to save the living and to
bury the dead. It was left for Mother Nature to
heal the raw wounds that had been inflicted on her
forests.

  The world was now in turmoil. The newspapers
came out with editorials against the winged people,
for they saw a new scourge sweeping the planet.
Even Asia was touched by it. Individuals in the
southern part of the United States commenced arm-
ing themselves against the inroads of the abductors
and proposals were made for a fleet of airships
that should bombard the entire jungle area so that
the menace might be wiped off the face of the earth.
Indeed several private parties sent out two long
cigar-shaped Zeppelins in an effort to do a little
warring of their own. They no sooner appeared in
the sky before they were attacked by a horde of
the alated and the ships went up in smoke as soon
as the thunderbolts reached their vital parts.

  And Mentor went on about its business quietly
and efficiently. Its area was growing as new settle-
ments were continually being filled. The number of
captives now ran in{o thousands and the work of
rearing the young continued. Two years went by
and nothing more had been done, for now Mentor
was alert and ready, and every attempt that was
made to establish bases in the jungle was thwarted.
Every plane that appeared in the skies was immedi-
ately attacked, and no matter how large a fleet
might come the flying men always conquered,
having grown surprisingly efficient in bringing the
machines to earth in a minimum of time with
scarcely any loss to themselves.

  The ranks of the winged were growing, for the
youth of sixteen were being enlisted, and now the
count of able-bodied alated was well over two
hundred thousand.

  The fact that the Mentorites had their home in
the jungle, of course, had much to do with their
continued success. In any other part of the globe
all might not have gone so well with them, but
here they had control of an area of many hundreds
of square miles about, an area that was a natural

protection since the enemy had difficulty in securing
any footing. The Indians were also our friends,
for they saw in this new race a savior who would
give them their own again. In fact, large tribes of
them were drawing close to Mentor and offering
themselves to the Mentorites. They did much in
keeping us informed of all that the enemy did
within the jungles.

  Word next came that an attempt was going to
be made on Mentor with poisonous gases, but again
ere they could begin this new attack the Mentorites
were upon them, and every city that had received
a supply of gases was attacked at night, and the
supply was bombarded so that the cities them-
selves felt the attack, and cried out against the
governments to stop bringing any more of the
bombs into the strongholds.

A Startling Proposal

AT LAST the day came when Mentor sent out
orders to his emissaries to begin negotiations
with the World Court for recognition of the Nation
of Mentor. He demanded that all hostilities cease,
that the new race be accepted in fellowship. And,
he went on to advise, that if his demands were not
accepted Mentor would hereafter take the offensive
and the World would regret its refusal of Mentor!

  To me it appeared a very audacious step for a
people of less that a million to take. Yet they had
proved time and time again their strength, and I
knew that Mentor meant what she said. In our
laboratories our scientists had discovered a gas that
was more potent than even cacodyl isocyanide the
gas that had been discovered some fifteen years
earlier and which destroyed any life it touched.

  Another year went by, and in that time the World
Court had come to no decision, for the world still
clamored for our destruction. Again attempts were
made upon us with plane and gases, but again
Mentor thwarted every move. And to prove that
she had meant what she had said a small contingent
of winged men clothed entirely in a sheath of pro-
tection headed for Cuzco. They went armed with
gas bombs, and the morning found the city black
and scarred with not a living creature within its
walls!

  A cry of distress went up from South America
and this time the World Court acquiesced. Two
representatives went out from Mentor with a large
guard armed with thunderbolts and bombs. They
landed in Washington D. C. and with an armed
guard proceeded to the Capital. There were de-
monstrations in the city as the Americans fought
to reach the enemy and tear them limb from limb,
but the United States had offered them protection
so that they might confer with the President.

  The result of that conference was that the
representatives embarked on an air-Iiner for Europe.
Where they flew on to Geneva, Switzerland, where
the World Court was then in session.

  Brazilian representatives were there also and they
fought against the usurping of such a large area
of their nation by the Mentorites. Their protest
was overruled as the other nations were glad that
the winged people were willing to stay within
bounds and not move to some other part of the
globe. However, bpundaries were laid, and the
Mentorite representative signed an agreement that
Mentor would not overreach her borders.
86

AIR WONDER STORIES

  It took almost five years for the world to forget
her animosity toward Mentor, and during that time
flying people were not welcome in any of the cities
of the world. But gradually the antagonism wore
off, and it was not an uncommon sight to see the
winged people in the cities of Quito, Rio de Janeiro,
Buenos Aires as well as in American and European
cities.

  And Mentor was now coming out into the sun-
light. The giants of the jungle were being torn
down, and the cities were rising above ground.
Fine buildings were reared and the nation was
coming into her own. She had been allotted an
area of one hundred miles wide and two hundred
long. Her plantations continued to feed her, and
her mines were working at full tilt.

  Tourists were now coming into Mentor's cities,
merchants had brought their wares, and the nation
looked forward to a fine future. The Aerial was no
longer the only newspaper in Mentor. All of the
cities had their own dailies, but the Aerial was
considered the leading paper, and people looked to
it to give them the real news of the world.

  Mentor became less and less communistic. The
dormitories had been forsaken, and men and women
were beginning to establish their own homes, their
children attending the city schools conducted by
educationalists from America.

  Ah, could only Howard Mentor see what strides
had been made by that little band of refugees who
had fled to South American shores!

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Into A New Land

TEN years passed and it could be seen that
Mentor was soon to outgrow her boundaries.
Brazil was watching jealously for one in-
fringement on the treaty that had been made in
Geneva. I saw that Patriarch Mentor, who was
now nearing his sixtieth year was growing restless
under the limitations of his country.

  I was now very close to him, for our friendship
had deepened with the years, and I knew that he
was looking for Jimmy Jr. to take his place when
he would succumb to old age. Jimmy had grown
handsomer with the years. He topped the Patriarch
by an inch in height, and his tremendous wings far
surpassed those of the ruler. In walking they
dragged almost two feet behind him and had a
spread of over sixteen feet. He held the present
record of Mentor, having flown entirely around the
Earth in a little over fifteen days!

  I now went to the Patriarch with the plan I had
had in mind for several years. He agreed with me
that in another generation Mentor would not be
able to stay within her boundaries, that eventually
she must seek new territories. At first he was not
fired with the idea of seeking that territory in
North America, but eventually I convinced him
that America was the only feasible part of the world
where he could hope to find succor, a country that
for all its two hundred million or so of population
had vast lands scarcely touched. And after hours
of deliberation the Patriarch called upon his coun-
cellors to discuss the question with them. In the
end it was decided to send emissaries to Washing-
ton to ask that we be allowed to come into Ameri-
can territory.

  I	shall not go into detail as to what this request
brought about in the two years that followed, but
it took all of that time to convince America that
it was for her own good to let us in. The President
and the Patriarch had many conferences on the
question in Cuba where they both met, and it is
needless to say that the President was fired with
the thought of what it would one day mean to
the United States were she to allow this strange
race to become citizens of her country.

  When the people of the United States were told
of the decision that had been made they rose up in
arms and declared they would have nothing to do
with the measure and demanded that it should be
given no consideration. They still recalled the
number of women who had been sacrificed in
Mentor, and had become angered when Mentor had
refused to give them up when she had been accepted
in the World Court. However, many of the women
and men had been given the right to return to
their own people since, and most of them had re-
fused although they often visited their home land.
Too, many of the women had given their lives in
bringing into the world the winged babies.

  Still the President and Congress still played with
the idea of admitting the Mentorites into the coun-
try. Doctor Morris had been closeted with several
renowned heads of the medical profession and had
convinced them that it would be possible to breed
wings on all those who expressed a wish to go
through with the experiment, and already several
such experiments had been made and proved suc-
cessful. In Mentor there were hardly any Earth-
bound left, for after the birth of Jimmy Jr. they had
realized that by carefully breeding, the half-de-
veloped wings of the Earthbound could be done
away with and children of mixed bloods were now
born with true wings.

  It was a memorial day when the first band of
winged people came into America. There were
many skirmishes in which the state militia had to
be called forth. It was in one of such demonstra-
tions that the President was killed. The murderers
were discovered and punished, and henceforth the
name of the Martyred President will be known to
all future generations as a great fore-sighted Ameri-
can.

Conclusion

MENTOR of South America is still a powerful
nation, but she is now undistinguishable from
the winged people of the rest of the world. It
would be a long story to tell how gradually the
antagonism of the world against us vanished and
we were admitted everywhere. And as the desire
to fly spread among the people thousands upon
thousands submitted themselves to the operation.
So to day the whole world is winged.

  In the meantime the Patriarch grows aged and
weary. He is at present drawing up an outline of
a type of government which he hopes his people
will accept for the future. He wishes Mentor to
become a republic and suggests that James Ken-
nedy, Jr. be elected by the people as their presi-
dent!

  Lois, now a comely matron, has not lost any
of her youthful charm, for the women of Mentor
do not age easily. Their lives spent in the air, in
full glare of the warm sun and with the far horizon
AIR WONDER STORIES

87

to remind them that life is as great as they wish
to make it, are not given to sitting on their front
porches and allowing the rest of the world to fly by.

  Tooa she has her daughters to keep her young and
on her toes, for after Jimmy Jr. had come two more
sons and two girls that are almost as pretty as
their mother.

* * *

  So ended the story as written by my ancestor.
In contemporary history, I find, that not shortly
after this tale was finished the secret formula of
the solutions et cetera that had been evolved by the
original Howard Mentor had been placed in the

vaults of the Federal government. The obtaining
of the secretions no longer necessitated the killing
of birds, for chemists discovered that the ingre-
dients could be produced synthetically.

  It took several hundreds of years to bring about
the complete change, and we can safely say that
the world’s five billion people are all the wings
except perhaps a few isolated groups living in the
jungles and mountains, who are now considered
savages.

  And it is to that Triumvirate composed of
Howard Mentor of Scotland, the Patriarch of
Mentor and the Martyred President that the world
can send her prayer of thanks for the power that
is now hers.

       THE END

The Bloodless War

      (Continued from page 57)

  The Ambassador left the room with the Secre-
tary of State. The President sighed,

  "Well, that leaves Japan.”

  "I do not think, that we need worry about that
country,” replied the Secretary of War. “She has
lost twenty thousand planes and her American
ally. She realizes that we know just what she at-
tempted. Her fleet was mobilizing for a cruise in
the vicinity of the Philippine Islands. A great fleet
of mysterious commercial vessels in the Pacfiic has
disappeared. I have every reason to believe that she
will cancel all action. We can watch her more
closely than we did before and strengthen our
Pacific fleet. I feel that Great Britain and France
should know about this attempt. They are our
friends. For the time being, the danger is over,

thanks to these gentlemen.”

  "The country will not forget them,” answered
the President.

  John Farrol stood up, as he said.

  "Mr. President and gentlemen of the Cabinet.
This has been a bloodless war. In this we have
simply been fortunate. Next time there may be an
entirely different story. The answer to the problem
of future danger is simple . . . the United States
must always be prepared. There will never be a
complete surety of peace so long as men are simply
animals, covered with a thin veneer of civilization.
Mr. Strange and I were glad to do what we did.
It was our duty as American citizens. We ask for
no pay, demand no reward, but we do hope that the
leaders of our nation have learned their lesson.”

   THE END

The Ark of the Covenant

     (Continued from page 31)

with one of the United States oil-freighters? I
wanna know what prinked-up, bullion-ornamented,
lime-juice-weaned sonofagun in a skin-tight u-ni-

fo’m has had the sass-!”

The rest was verbiage. I dissed the radio and

looked at Dan and Lord Almeric, who were sitting
side by side, open-mouthed. His lordship was the
first to speak.

“Farragut, by Jove!” he said. “Piracy plus the
knowledge of the twentieth century!”

(To be continued)
88

AIR WONDER STORIES

Beacon of Airport Seven

 (Continued from page 51)

  Steadily growing louder came the sound of a
speeding air liner from the direction of the pass.
While the others pleaded with the man, now fev-
erishly adjusting his instruments, Boyer whirled
to the outside door and with one tremendous yank
wrenched it from its hinges.

  “Out of the way,” he shouted as he lunged toward
the inner opening holding the door before him as
a huge battering ram. The wires snapped under
the impact, falling harmlessly aside and Boyer
lurched into the laboratory. A reverberating pulsa-
tion announced the proximity of the multi-motored
plane, driving onward toward the beacon.

 The others were in the room now, led by
Cavanaugh who sprang to a large switch at the
end of the long table. At the instant he reached

the handle a sudden piercing scream turned all eyes
to the scientist who lay sprawled in an attitude of
reaching across the apparatus, hand outstretched
toward the inspector. As the switch was opened
the little man’s tense muscles relaxed and his body
slumped from the table edge to the floor, inert.

 “Electrocuted!” gasped Tommy, pointing to a
livid scar showing plainly on an outflung arm.

 A sudden quickening roar over the house top
reached a higher pitch then abruptly fell again to
the departing drone of a plane which has passed.
Coming plainly through the still night air those
in the laboratory heard the song change to an even
low-voiced murmur, as throttles were closed for a
safe landing.

THE END

What Is Your Knowledge of Aviation?

Test Yourself by This Questionnaire

  HE questions given below are taken from the stories in this issue. They will serve, by
  your ability to answer them, to test yours elf in your knowledge of aviation. By thus
  testing yourself, you will be able to fix in your mind a number of important facts of aviation
  that are presented by the stories.

       The pages, on which the answers are given, follow each question.

  1—What	is the general conception of the safe	7—How could a motorless plane get its power?
  way to make a landing? (Page 16). (Page 44).

  2—What	ability to maneuver has an airship over	S—What is the effect of a tornado on a plane?
  an airplane? (Page 33). (Page 69).

3—What	is the best way to take-off when there
   is a wind? (Page 45).

4—What	should be done in order to lose altitude?
   (Page 44).

5—What	can a pilot do, who has misjudged his
   landing, when near the ground? (Page 46).

6—What	would be the advantage, to air travel,
   of islands in the air? (Page 39).

9—How could a tornado be made artificially?

    (Page 69).

10—How	might one go about making a winged
   race? (Page 70).

11—Why	might a pilot be necessary for a radio-
    controlled plane? (Page 58).

12—What	would he do after his work was done?
    (Page 58).
SCIENCE FICTION SERIES

N9I

BY

JACK WILLIAMSON
MILES J°. BR£0£R

IE

WBUJHtD BY

STELLAR PUBLISHING COB?.
96-98 PARK PLflCG
WEW YORtOfN

■STKLI.AR FUBU8UINQ COBP.

■98 Hark Place, New York City.

■Gentlemen:

I I am enclosing herewith.................for which

■please lend me. prepaid, books which 1 have nailed
■with an X:

•	Q No. 1. THE GIRL FROM MARS
    □ No. 2. THE THOUGHT PROJECTOR

■	□ No. 3. AN ADVENTURE IN VENUS

■	□ No. 4. WHEN THE SUN WENT OUT
, □ No. 5. THE BRAIN OF THE PLANET

■	□ No. 6. WHEN THE MOON FELL

jName ...........................................

■Address .....................................

■City and State .........................

Brand New Science Fiction Stories	when the moon fell

         No. 6
         E MOi

 By Charles H. Cofhulny

     We are presenting to our readers the first six numbers of our new Science Fiction Series.

    The Editors of SCIENCE WONDER STORIES have received such a large supply of
really excellent science fiction stories, that we have decided to publish some of them in book
form. These small books, illustrated by artist Paul, are printed on a good grade of paper and
are sold at a low price, due to the large amount put out. The series in time will form a
beautiful library of the best that is to be had in science fiction. New ones will be issued
from time to time.

  Collisions between celestial bodies of any
sisc have not occurred within hiitoric.il times.
But such an event is not an impossibility. In
fact many astfonomcts believe that our solar
system came into being by such a collision.
Suppose the moon were to crash into the
earth. What would happen? In "When the
Moon Fell." by Charles M. Colladay, you
will find the answer.

98 PARK PLACE	NEW YORK

   REMEMBER THESE ARE BRAND NEW STORIES
AND HAVE NOT BEEN PUBLISHED BEFORE AND WILL
NOT BE PRINTED IN ANY MAGAZINE. THEY CAN
ONLY BE SECURED THROUGH THE SCIENCE FICTION
SERIES.

    Every book contains but a single story by a well-known
science fiction author.

    The type is large and well-readable, and the size of each
book is 6"x", which makes it convenient to carry them in your ,
pocket.

   NOT LESS THAN FIVE BOOKS SOLD. We accept cash,|
money order or U. S. (no foreign) postage stamps.

    Below you will find a list of the first six books. Your I
choice of five books for 50c or the entire six books for 60c, |
prepaid.

     All orders filled promptly.

STELLAR PUBLISHING CORP.

                                    No. 1

                  THE GIRL FROM MARS

                     By Jock Williamson and Mile** J. Breuer

                      Suprwc eomconc from another planet landed
                      on our earth. What w.'0uld happen? “The
                      Girl from Mara," by Jack Williamson and Dr.
                      Breuer is an adventure of a Martian visitor,
                      with all the strange situations that one can
                      imagine in such an event.

No. 2

THE THOUGHT PROJECTOR

By David H. Keller, M.D.

 ever enerc a great force on us. they penetrate
 our minds and give us ideas that we often
 think are our own.

No. 4

WHEN THE SUN WENT OUT

By Leslie Stone

 The sun is said to be slowly cooling, and
 generations many thousands of years hence
 must face the problem of how their heat and
 light ia to be provided when the cun'e end
 docs come. In this thrilling story, "When
 the Sun Went Out," Leslie Stone answers that
 question.

No. 3

AN ADVENTURE IN VENUS

By R. Michehnore

 Aviation five hundred or a thousand years
 hence will probably be something beyond moet
 of our pracnt conceptions. Journeys to other
 planets may well becomc a commonplace as it
 does in the present story showing on exciting
 "Adventure in Venus."

No. 5

THE BRAIN OF THE PLANET

By Lilith Lorraine

 If a super*intelligence could have its wisdom
 poured into our brains, what a different world
 wc might have! Miss Lorraine in the "Brain
 of the Planet," poses such a problem and
 works out the answer in an astounding manner.
AVIATION NEWS

OF THE MONTH

Huge Planes Being Built
in Europe

TTUGE planes nre under construction In
Al Europe at present, says Anea Boasi,
prosldont of tho American Aeronautical Cor-
poration. Mr. Bossi's company will begin
the construction of American editions of tho
Savoin Mnrchetti seaplanes and amphibians.
The Handley-Page Company, 3ald Mr. Bossl.
in completing an all-metal plane for Qfty-flve
passengers, which will be used by the Im-
perial Airways on tho London-Paris route.
Dr. Dornler, in Germany, expects to conduct
tests soon of a huge twelve-englned flying
boat, each engine of which is cxpected to
develop 500 horsepower, or 6000 horsepower
In all. The largest land plane In the world
is the 100-passenger Junkers In which the
passengers will be carriod In the wings.
The motors are also completely enclosed In
the wing sections, which at the roots has a
thickness of nine feet. Tho propellers. It
is understood, will be carried on long sharts.
well ahead of the leading edgo of the wing
and they will be adjustable while in flight
for speed at high altitudes. The motors
will bo equipped with superchargers. Oxy-
gen equipment will keep tho cabins at nor-
mal atmospheric pressure also, It is under-
stood. Great secrecy, however, shrouds tho
actual equipment to be used.

  France, said Mr. Bossi, has a new fighting
plane called "the Jockey," which is re-
ported to have shown a speed of 200 miles
por hour.

CONSTRUCTION

Helicopter Ready for Trial

  A HELICOPTER (blrd-llke airplane) de-
  signed by a Brasilian workman has been
  completed with tho aid of his government
  and is now ready for official trial®. Tho
  problem of being able to rlso vertically from
  the ground had occupied the inventor for
  some time and he had already built a ma-
  chine motored by four horsepower which
  roso 30 contlmetorH (about 12 inches) when
  tried out Tho new machinery, however, is
  much more powerful.

New Hybrid Airplane Ordered

ANEW type airplane, a combination of
dlriglblo and hoavler-than-alr craft. Is
being built In Germany for an English cus-
tomer, sayp Popular Science Monthly. Tho
craft will have a 420.000 cubic foot gas bag
and be ISO foet long, thereby making it a
full fledged airship: but it will also have
a set of nirplane wings which will extend
from the body to help support It in flight
and help in the landing. It Is Intended for
passenger service and will carry 6 passen-
gers. and a two-man crow besides baggage.
Two motors of thirty-five horsepower each
will give It a cruising Bpeed of sixty miles
per hour.

Diesel Engines for Planes

THE PACKARD MOTOR COMPANY, says
Scientific American, baa tested successfully
In flight a Diesel englno. sevon cylinder air-
cooled. developing over 200 horsopower and
weighing only a trifle over three pounds per
horsopower. By the use of this engine the
ignition and carburetlon systems can bo
eliminated, and heavy fuels can be used
that are non-lnflammablo In charocter. The
value of this, considering tho terror of tho
burning plane, is very evident.

  Tho use of the Dlesol engine Is possible,
eays the artlclo, only after many changes.
The ordinary Diesel ongino la low speed, and
coupled with the low mean effective press-
ure developed, is unsuitable for airplane
service. A high speed englno therefore has
been developod. No spark or hot bulb Is
needed for combustion of tho fuel for tho
high pressuro and temperature alone will
do thlB. That tho fire hazard la much
lowor with the Dieael Is explained by tho
fact that tho fire point of gasoline is below
xero Fahrenheit, and that of the Diesel fuel
is 175 Fahronheit.

  In the Packard tests lasting over a year,
in the innumerable cases whore the fue!
lines leaked or were brokon, not a alnglo

are occurro4.

Four Motor Planes for Sleepers
Says Lindbergh

  THE largo passenger alr-liners of tho
  future will probably have four motors in-
  stead of three to reduce the noise and vibra-
  tion and increase tho percentage of safety,
  said Col. Lindbergh, who is acting as tech-
  nical expert to the Transcontinental Air
  Transport. This company will operate the
  coast-to-coast alr-rail line which. Lindbergh
  stated, would be put Into operation this
  summer. "Safety in flight" was one of the
  reasons given for the advisability of tho
  four motor plane, on whloh it is expected
  sleeping accommodations for passengers
  would be made. The sleeping service is not
  expectod until sometime in tho future, how-
  ever, when planes with larger fuselages are
  made. In speaking of tho plans for the
  opening of the Transcontinental Air Trans-
  port service this summer, he stressed the
  point that absolute safety would be the
  primary consideration, and no planes would
  bo flown until everything was in perfect
  readiness. He visioned then a service to
  bo as safe as travelling by rail.

200-Milc-an-Hour Army Plane
Expected

  THE Army Air Corps is now working on
  an attack plane which, with full war-tlmo
  load. Is expected to show a speed of 200
  miles per hour. This would give the plane
  a decided advantage over the general run
  of pursuit planes which develop 165 miles
  per hour at best. Manufacturers are now
  working on these planes. One. without the
  war-tlmo load, is reported to have attained
  a speed of 218 miles per hour, but the addi-
  tion of equipment will probably reduce It
  to about 195 miles per hour, according to
  Major-General James E. Techet. Chlof of
  the Army Air Corps. The improvements
  have been along the line, chiefly, of reduced
  head resistance and increased power. Tho
  use of a new highly efficient cooling fluid
  has also helped In the Increased speed ob-
  tained.

Helicogyre Machine Invented

  THE description of his Invention of tho
  "Hollcogyre" waa made by V. Isacco be-
  fore the Royal Aeronautical Society of
  England. Signor Isacco has the backing of
  the Air Ministry and one of his machines
  is now being built. The "Helicogyre" Is In
  reality a revolving wing airplane. Each Of
  the four wings has four Bristol •''Cherub
  motors on the wing tip. and another motor
  on the nose of the fuselage. Tho wings In
  this case aro propelled by the motors on tho
  tips. Each engine hss Its own gasoline and
  oil tanks so as to mako It independent
  of the others. Ailorons to act as elevators
  extend along the entire trailing edgo of each
  wing. The inventor believes that If any
  wing failed the others would keep the piano
  moving and In case all tho wing englnos
  failed the noBe englno would propel the
  machine. Signor Isacco believes that in tho
  future jot propulsion will replace tho present
  engines. According to the Inventor, by hlB
  machine. 30 lbs. can be lifted by one horse-
  power developed.

Giant Airships Planned

Coincident with the plans tor tho buna.

Ing of a huge hangar for llghter-than-
alr craft at Akron. Ohio, for the United
StatoB Navy, comes the statement that the
large aircraft of the future will be tho
Ilghter-than-alr type. For with the Bclonco
of this type of craft being understood thore
is virtually no limit to tho size possible.
And also that the effective load possible in-
creases proportionately with the sl*e With
the heavlor-than-air machines, however. In-
creases in size bring increases In weight
which reduce the carrying efficiency. Tho
new hangar, which will be on rollors to
compensate for temperature changes will
have a ground area of 1,500,000 square foet.
or equal to that of fourteen regulation foot-
ball fields. In It will bo constructed ships
for the navy that will excoed greatly those
of the past. The first craft will have a
volume of 6,500.000 cubic feet and a cruis-
ing range of nearly 10,000 miles, as com-
pared to a volume of 2,470,000 cubic feet
and a range of 3,500 miles for the Los
Angeles. With the building of such ships
the prophets foresee that over abort dis-
tances (up to 1.000 miles) the heavler-than-
alr planes will be used, but on long trips
the giant llghter-than-alr machines will
operate, carrying small heavier-than-alr
planes which will discharge and take on
passengers.

World Air Cruisers Near
Completion in Britain

AFTER nearly two years of experimenting
laboratory testa, etc.. two llghter-than-
air cruisers (dirigibles), built expressly for
the British Government for long rango trans-
portation within the British Empire, aro
nearing completion. Work is said to be far
onougb advanced to make shed tests within
a month, and final tests in three to four
months. These monsters of the air which
are costing about II.250.000 each are tho
first of their kind built expressly for world-
wide service. The backers of the project
believe that these airships will be the thing
of the future for long-distanco transport.
They are said to embody the very latest
In airship design, and are built to withstand
the changing temperature and atmospheric
conditions they will meet in their terros-
trlai journeylngs.

Steam-Driven Propeller-Less
Airship Promised

ANEW, revolutionary llghter-than-nir-alr-
ship is promised to New York during
the summer by the Bryan Steam Corporation
of Peru, Ind. The ship will be fuelod with
oil and driven by a steam turbine. It will
have no propellers but a rotary blower at
the noso. which by blowing the air side-
ways and backward creates a vacuum In
front of the ship, which pulls It along. Tho
turbine drives the blower, and tho exhaust
•team from tho turbine before being con-
densed will heat the cabin. With a driving
power of 300 horsepower and a cruising
spocd of nearly 100 miles per hour tho craft
will have only one-tenth tha displacement
of the Los Angeles and will yet be able to
carry as many passengers. It has no in-
terior bracing and thus Is able to reduco its
weight 700 pounds and increase Its paying
road correspondingly. Not the least among
the sensational features Is the promise that
the craft will anchor on top of largo build-
ings In tho city and discharge its passengers
by means of an elevator running along the
anchor line.
AIR WONDER STORIES

91

Telephone Service For Airplanes

THE equipping of planes with radlo-phono
attachments to their radio receiving seta
is allowing pilots to convorso freely with the
ground and thus ascertain weather condi-
tions, to receive orders, etc. Tests made by
tho Boeing Air Transport has proved tho
practicability of this, as well as the com-
munication between planes while In the air.
Both means of communication are deemed
nocesaary by aircraft operators to avoid col-
lisions In the air, which will beconio more
of a factor as the air traffic continues to
grow. Radio, or at least radlo-phone. con-
trol is considered to be equivalent to tho
railway block signal in avoiding accidents,
and for this purpose Foderal Radio Com-
mission has been asked by aircraft com-
panies for exclusive use of four short wavo
channels. The possibility of a person in a
plane conversing with telephones in neigh-
boring cities has also been successfully
tested but no immediate use will be made of
It.

New ^ork-Argentme Air Line

ANEW air line. The Tri-Motor Safety
Airway, has been organized for mall
and passenger service between New York
and Buenos Aires. Argentina. The trip, 1t
is estimated will take only seven days, ono
third of the time now consumed by steam-
ship. Rio de Janeiro will also bo a point
on tho route. The company has already
been awarded, by the Argontlne government,
the exclusive right to carry mall from that
country to the United States. The company
will u*e for its passenger service six thirty-
two passenger flying boats.

Ignition Does and Does Not
Cause Fires

A BELIEF among aviators that if tho
Ignition switch Is oponed before crash-
ing tho dreaded Are will be averted
is founded on fact ways Bradley Jones In
17. S. Air Scrviccs. This does not mean how-
ever that the fire is caused by the exploding
of gases by the electric spark caused by tho
ignition. A test to determine the cause of
fires In crashes was made. Old airplanes
were slid down a long runway and Into a
brick wall. Slow motion moving pictures
wore taken of the ensuing crash. By re-
moving the batteries from the planes it was
found that Just as many fires took place as
with batteries In place. What Jones con-
cludes Is that the gasoline tank being rup-
tured throws the gasoline against tho hot
pipes which ignites It. Thus the ignition Is
not responsible. But, he says, if the ignition
Is switched off before a crash the pipes will
cool and no fire should occur when the gaso-
lino is thrown against them.

New Air Thermometer Devised

A THERMOMETER by which the mini-
mum temperature of the air thru which
a piano is flying can bo determined has been
Invented by H. B. Hendrickson of tho
Bureau of Standards. The instrument
makes use of a bi-metal strip mounted on
one of the struts of the plane. It Is very
light, and a numbor of them can be used
to determine temperatures at various points

on the plane.

England-India Non-Stop Flight
Made

ALTHOUGH the first Indla-England non-
stop flight was made, in a Fnirey-Napler
Monoplane by an English crew, the original
purpose of the flight, the breaking of tho
non-stop record, failed. The record which
is held by the Italians is 4,417 miles. Tho
projected flight of the Britons from Lincoln-
shire. England to Bangaloro was 6,300 miles.
But tho plane was forced down 1,170 miles
short of Its goal thereby completing a flight
of 4,130 miles. A heavy head-wind in tho
Persian Gulf so reduced the plane’s speed
that they ran short of gasoline and hod to
return to the shore. The actual flight time
was forty-eight hours as compared with
seven and a half days which Is consumed
by the new air mall service. Commenting
on the flight the British Air Ministry said
that the results were satisfactory in view
of the weather conditions, and that attempts
would be made soon to better the duration
rooord of sixty-five hours and twenty-four
minutes hold by Germany and the altitude
record of 38,432 feet held by America. For
the latter an airplane driven with a super-
charged engine and men equipped with
oxygen breathing apparatus and electrically
heated clothing would be uaed.

Aviation Progress Slow
Says Expert

   PROFOUND dissatisfaction with tho
progress mado In tho development of
tho airplane since tho days of Wright’s
Kitty Hawk, characterized tho statement of
Grover Loening, aeronautical expert, in tho
New York American. Mr. Loening Is one of
the pioneers in aviation In America, having
been associated with the Wrights during
their early days. Mr. Loenlng’s indictment
is directed against the exploitation of avia-
tion os a commercial venture at the expense
of tho development of planet Altho wo
have made groat strides in the re/incmcnt
of design In planes and in the use of the
planes (development of airports, use of
beacons and radio communication) wo have
made vory little progress In the develop-
ment of new principles i>/ Airplanes. A much
greater safety and greater speeds are neces-
oary to Justify our claims to progress. What
is necessary, he says, aro planes capable of
doing 300 miles per hour, climbing to 35,000
foot altitudes above storms and clouds, land-
ing at lower speeds and ricing more quickly;
and the universal use of amphibians. Better
designing of planes. Improvement in engines,
higher power and efficiency, and use of
lighter fuels are all necessary to got 300
mile an hour planes, capable of having that
speed during sustained flights.’ The three
greatest dangers to distance flying, ho said,
—fuel-consuming head-wlnds, fogs and ice-
forming weather, would bo avoided by tho
planes he advocates. Such a plane can
pick Its own course, outrun any storm, fly
above the ice und fog, and would havo a
cruising range which would make unimport-
ant small delays due to unfavorable winds.
The plane, ho said, should mako a trans-
Atlantic trip in 13 hours.

"Aviation News of the Month”

   portrays in plain yet concise
   language every important avia-
   tion advance during the month.
   Nowhere can the average reader
   get such a wealth of accurate
   and vital information condensed
   into such a small volume. Some
   40 aviation magazines and news-
   papers are utilized by our edi-
   tors in the compilation of this
   department. The publishers
   welcome short contributions to
   these pages from the various
   scientific institutions, laborator-
   ies, makers and distributors of
   planes, etc.

Planes Protect Ontario’s Timber

THE task of protecting Ontario's ICO,000
square miles of tlmberland against lire,
once »julto hopeless, Is now being pushed
vigorously by the adoption of aircraft. Whoro
formerly the only means of inspection was
trekking wearily across the forests, or float-
ing down the streams, now an airplane can
inspect thoroly a whole district in a few
hours. The aircraft la also used in making
surveys of tho forest land and In penetrat-
ing into possible areas where minerals in
great quantities may lie.

Aerial Towing Begins

WHAT appears to be the first job of tow-
ing an airplane 19 recorded in Aero
Digest. A glider was towed by a Fokkor
plane for over 2no mites across the Sierra
Nevada. Inasmuch as it was necessary to
have an altitude of 7,500 foet to navigate
the peaks, the glider rose to u height few
of Its kind have achieved. The crossing of
the mountain had already been made when
the tow line broke and the glider was left
to make to its own way to safety. Both
planes headed toward the Los Angeles Air-
port. 20 miles dlBtant. The glider weighted
by the tow-line managed to get within one
mile of the port before it landed in safety.

Thirty-Hour New York-Frisco
Air Mail

WITH the instituting of night flying in
tho alr-mall servlco between New York
and San Francisco, a schedule of service has
begun which will put a letter or packago
across the continent in less than thirty-two
hours. A pieco of mail leaving a city on
either coast at night will arrivo on the
other side of the continont the morning
after the following ovening. This Is pos-
alblo by having 68% of the distance flown
at night. The cities along the route, by
tho new schedule, will have a twlce-a-day
service In either direction. Stops will be
made In fifteen cities. Tho routo that will
be taken by the coast-to-couBt service Is
the same used by the Pony Express of tho
nineteenth contury. In 18«0, for example,
the Pony Express had a cross country service
which consumed thirteen days and cost the
user J5 per half ounce for mall or packages.
The same letter that cost $10 then goes for
5 cents now by air mall.

Moving Plane Makes Ground
Pickup

A DEVICE has been successfully tested
whloh allows a plane to make a pickup
from tho ground while In motion. It may
deliver mall, supplies or fuel. The devico
is a catapult fitted on a special mounting
which releases a car on which the load to
be picked up is placed. The load is mado
to move at the same speed as the plane
so that no jar to the under carriage will
occur when the pickup Is made. On a teat
a 23 pound sack of mail was picked up five
times and a 37 pound gasoline load once.

New Altitude Attempts Probable

Rumors concerning now attempts to
break the present altitude records by
France and England, are current. It Is said
by Aviation that tho English plan an all
metal plane, with the engine enclosed in the
fuselage and heated by its own exhaust. In
this plane they hope to ascend 8 miles. The
French attempt is said to bo along the same
line as the English.

Plane-Cooling Liquid Successful

NEWS despatches recently mentioned a
mysterious liquid to cool airplane engines
which has been developed by tho War De-
partment. Now the name of It In divulged
as ethylene-glycol, and a report that on a
standard fifty hour test, the liquid was used
at an outlet temperature of 300 dogrees
Fahrenheit (far above the boiling point of
water) and no serious adverse efTects were
noted. It is also revealed that this com-
pound Is not new; it has, in fact, been sold
at gasoline stations an an anti-freeze com-
pound. The War Department offers certain
cautions however about its use as a cooling
agent on planes It recommends tighter
Joints and a closed cooling system. A larger
expansion space, to take caro of the large
expansion of the liquid when hot, is also
necessary. The fuel must also be treated,
with some anti-knock solution to offset
tendencies toward detonation.

Air Passengers Speak Over Land
Phone to New York

THE firat commercial apparatus for main-
talnlng telephonic communication of a
plane with the ground was successfully
tested when passengers In a piano 2500 feet
above Plainfield. N. J.. carried on a tele-
phone conversation with New York. To
make the call the passengers called tho
radio station W3XN of the Bell Telephone
Company at Whlppony. N. J. As the re-
ceiver was cut into the circuit the operator
asked the customary "Number please.” and
thereupon tho plane was oonnected over
long distance land lines to New York. The
reception at both onds, despite the roar of
tho plane travelling 95 miles an hour, was
doomed as good as tho one wore sitting in
a private booth. A four tube radio set was
used on the plane, three being of the
screened grid and the fourth a heating tube
to Increase the sensitivity. The set is run
from a generator attached to the motor,
requiring 2 horsepower at 1.100 volts to
pick up and amplify the ground messages.
The sending set runs from a wind-driven

generator mounted outside tho cabin.
92

AIR WONDER STORIES

GENERAL

10.000	Planes Prflduced for 1929

AN estimated production of airplanes in
the United States for 1929 has been put
at 10.000 by F. B. Rentschler, president of
the Aeronautical Chamber of Commerce. This
will be twlcc tho production of 1928 and
thirty times that of 1921. The growth of
the number of workers in the industry is
also phenomenal rising from 6000 in 1921
to over a hundred thousand at the present
timo.

Air Secretary Reviews Tremendous
Growth

WILLIAM P. McCRACKEN, Jr. retiring
Assistant Secretary of Commerce In
charge of civil aviation reviewed recently
the tremendous growth of aviation in this
country. He pictured an air network In
which 57.516 miloa were flown dally or more
than 70,000.000 miles a year. Ono of the
reasons for the great growth of commercial
flying ho said was tho Increase In lighted
airways. Three years ago there were only

2.000	miles of it, with lights 25 miles apart,
now there aro 10,000 miles with standard
lighting equipment 10 miles apart. In ad-
dition wo have revolving beacons, course
lights, and lights that flash the messages
to flyers In Morse code. A complete chain
of radio broadcasting stations serving the
principal airways is expected before the end
of the summer. Firty weather gathering
bureaus have boen established so that flyers
may know tho weather almost any hour of
the day for almost any part of the country.
The growth of night flying for passenger
and freight service is also romarked. The
planes of today are provided with every
comfort for passengers so that they rosemble
luxurious Pullmnrfs. Ho calculates further
that we have twice as many airplanes in
1929 as in 1928 and that each one flew five
times as much, making tho Increase In fly-
ing for the year tenfold.

Americans to Operate Chinese
Air-Service

BY the granting of o contract by the
Chinese government, the Aviation Ex-
ploration Company of New York, a subsidi-
ary of the Curtiss Company, will carry mail
for tho Nanking Government. Three lines
will bo operated connecting four of the
principal cities of China: Nanking, Peking,
Hangkow and Shanghai. The Americans
will establish schools to train Chinese pilots,
and will engage on their own account in a
passenger service. The representative of the
Americans. Major William Robertson Is said
to be the man who first discovered Lind-
bergh and gathered the funds to finance
hlo trans-Atlantic hop.

Sailplane Built for Soaring

AN improved type of glider called a sail-
plane has boon built by 'William Bowlug
of tho San Diego Air Service Corps, one of
the pioneers in gilding in America, which
he believes will materially improvo soaring
performance. He doscribes the details of
its construction in Aviation. The sailplane,
he says, differs from a glider in that It
ofTera less air resistance by adopting a
cleanness of design; and can bo kept in the
air indefinitely. Ho believes that his ma-
ohine Is tho first built In America. The
method of reducing air resistance was by
streamlining. The machine has a span of
44 feet, a wolght ompty of 160 pounds and
an overall length of 25 feet, while the
chord at the root Is 5% feet. Under test,
having a weight of 305 pounds, the take-off
was 22 miles per hour and tho glider ratio
about 20—1.

Plane Turns On Airport Lights

THE scroain of a wind-driven siren con-
trolled by a pilot 2.000 feet in the air was
picked up by an "electric ear” on tho hanger
of the Newark. Now Jersey, Airport and put
on throo batteries of Westinghouse flood-
lights providing 24.000,000 candle power.
This was tho method UBed to Inaugurate the
opening of tho Newark Airport. This was
the flrst practical operation of this device
which, it seoms, will bo Invaluable for
aviators trying to locate their position and
mako a landing. Usod in the operation is
said to be the most sensitive tube evor de-
veloped, the Knowles, grid-glow which ia
afTected by the onergy calculated to bo that
of a fly climbing up a wall one inch. Whon
the apparatus is set to the frequency of tho
plane siren it operates only when that par-
ticular note Is sounded. Tho tube energy
1b amplified sufficiently to provide the power
necessary to put on tho floodlights.

Night Aerial Photography
Perfected

MANY photographs that we see aa taken
from tho air are never recognized aa
having been made at night. Their day-light
appenrance is due to an invention of great
aid, both to science, business and military
tactics, by Lieut. Goddard of tho U. S. Air
Corps. The field of air photography at
night was practically untouchod when God-
dard began work on it. Ho finally perfected
a mothod of dropping a flashlight bomb
from the plane and making a time exposure
whon the bomb exploded. Tho films how-
evor were blurred and dim. Ho Anally per-
fected a device whereby the operation of
the shutter of tho camera waa synchronized
with the flash. The task presented of syn-
chronizing these things, which are necessar-
ily hundreds of feet apart, may bo readily
realized. Exactly how it was done, the War
Department does not care to state. But the
success of the method Is evidence by tho
photographs that have been takon.

85 Pound Radio for Planes

THE problom of the control of airplanes
from a central point involving the use of
the radio on the planes has been worked
out satisfactorily by the Pan-American Air-
ways. The engineers of tho company were
given tho Job of installing radios in the
plane, but tho limitation of 100 pounds was
placed on the weight. After much study
the engineers designed thoir own set which
will weigh but 85 pounds as compared with
sets of 160 to 200 pounds used by the army

and navy.

32 Passenger Plane iu Detroit
Exhibit

OUTSTANDING among the 104 types of
aircraft assembled In Detroit for the soc-
ond All-American Aircraft Show, is a 32
passonger Fokker Plane, which Is said to bo
the largeBt evor built in tho United States.
Only the fuselage shell was displayed aa
the completed ship would be too largo for
the exhibition hall. The ships, which tho
Fokker Company Is expecting to turn out
in standard production, will bo motored by
625 H.P. Wright Cyclone engines. It is
expected that they will bo usod in passen-
ger air lines in tho Middle West. Con-
spicuous about the show Is the large number
of small sport planes, Indicating that tho
manufacturors expect, within the near
future, that a great many Americans will
bo owning their own pianos.

Expand England-India Air Service

WE Americans so absorbed in our own
aviation progress somotimos forget what
our neighbors across the sea are doing.
England, with tho problom of holding to-
gether her Empire, has made great strides,
particularly in the England-India service.
Now comes the announcement of the placing
of orders by the Imperial Airways, Inc.. on
that route for tho construction of a number
of 2.000 horsepower, 40 passonger planes to
to built by tho Handley Pago Company.
Evory provision will be made for the com-
fort of passengers, oven the motors being
placod on the wings where their roar will
not be so apparent.

Gliding Makes Progress

COINCIDENT with the progress In avia-
tlon Is the progress being mado with
gilders—tho motorless airplanes. By the In-
teresting of men of wealth in tho develop-
ment of tho glider, tho experimenting with
it, and testing its possibilities under all con-
ditions, has come a new groat interest. A
manufacturing organization called Glldors,
Inc.. are building the machines, and a num-
ber of associations thruout tho world formed
as clubs are enthusiastically promoting tho
art. In America there Is the American
Motorless Aviation Club, foremost In the
sport (for sport it is at present). The Ger-
mans having boon the flrst to play with
glidors have doveloped it to the highost
point. They uso three types of machines.
There is an elementary glider heavy and
sturdy for the beginner. This is not Intend-
for soaring but meroly for getting off tho
ground and giving the pilot opportunity to
use controls. Then there ia a secondary or
intermediate ship, a llttlo more cfflciont
than tho flrst and with a greater tendency
toward soaring in a breeze. Tho third typo
1b meant to get up Into the air and etay
there. This Is made for a skillod pilot It
is hoped, by those interested, that by 1930
tho art will be sufficiently advanced to per-
mit of national and international contests.

Fewer Airplanes Makes Say Ford

COMMENTING on the 104 types of air-
planes exhibited at the Detroit Show,
Henry Ford prophesied rtiat this nuinbor
would be materially reduced In the futuro
by the consolidation of companies now oper-
ating Independently. Drawing his analogy
from the history of the automobile industry
he finds that many typos of craft can have
their good features pooled to make designs
that fill a particular need in tho industry.

Rabelais Foresaw Flying

TIIAT Rabelais, the famous French‘writer
ot the sixteenth contury. foresaw tho pos-
sibility of flying and many other scientific
triumphs is indicated in an excerpt from
his writing ae recorded by Aero Digest.

  “Who knows” he says in part, “but that
by an herb they may contrive a way for
humankind to pierce into tho high aerial
clouds, get up Into the springlioad of tho
hall; take an inspection of the snowy
Bources, and shut and opon, as they pleaso,
the sluices from whence proceed tho flood-
gates of the ruin; then prosecuting their
aetheroal voyage they may stop Into tho
lightning workhouse and shop whore all the
thunderbolts are forged . . . Then they will
set forward to invade the territories of the
Moon; whence passing thru both Mercury
and Venus, the Sun will serve them for a
torch to show tho way from Mars to Jupiter
and Saturn. We shall not then bo able to
resist the impetuosity of their intrusion nor
put a stoppage to their ontorlng in whatever
regions, domiciles they have a mind to soe,
stay In, or travel thru. Some will take up
tholr lodgings at tho Ram (a celestial con-
stellation of the zodiac) others at the Bull
(anothor constellation) some at the Balance,
some at tho Scorpion, etc. . .

  Says the Digest. "wo have achieved muoh
in aeronautics without the now horb but
Rabelais four hundred years ago dreamed
of an aerial itinerary which will keep tho
Industry on its toes to complete."

Weather Report System Improved

ANEW weather report system for aviation
was put into effect by the Weather
Bureau which is designed to materially Im-
prove the service rendered. Forecasts of
weather and wind at various levels are
issued twice every day at noon and mid-
night to cover the ensuing twelve hours,
Forecasts are Issued for each of fourteen
xones into which the country is divided.

Glider Thrives on Storms

WHERE the storm Is a fearful thing to
an aviator, to tho glider It Is source of
power, says Dr. Wolfgang Klomporer. glider
expert who Is now In America to encourage
the art. Operated without a motor the glider
depends on air currents to carry tho craft
upward. A storm will provoke vertical air
currents, which the skillful glidor can use
to carry him to altitudes of 1.000 foet or up-
ward. It is only the calm air that keeps the
glider on the ground, said Dr. Klomporer.

Flight to Mars in Rocket Planned

A FLIGHT to Mars, to take only fivo
minutes Is the plan of an Evansville,
Indiana, high school professor according to
the Akron (Ohio) Times. The craft which
is on the rocket principle will look like a
radio loop aerial. It would tako Its enorgv
from 3pace, using no known fuel and it will
acquire a speed of 188.000 miles a second,
equal to that of light itself. The inventor
claims he will be uble to rise vertically and
doscend vertically. The motor at tho top
la pivoted so that it will be upright no mat-
ter at what angle the craft rises or takes.
When the machine gets halfway out to
Mars It will pass from the earth’s gravita-
tional field and bo pulled toward Mars. Then
It will gradually swing around and manage
to land on Mars right side up. Oxygon
tanks will be carried so that the 100 pas-
sengers contemplated can explore the mys-
terious planet. The difficulties encountered
in outer space where there Is only other
nnd no air would be surmounted, the in-
venter believes, by having powor radioed to
him.

   (The fallacies of this idea are. of course, evident
to anyone. By the Einstein theory a body travel-
ling at 186.000 milej a second mould nave its
length reduced to zero. Furthermore, the Heavi-
side layer, existing about 100 miles above the
earth's surface, would bar the passage of radio
waves, except those of very short wave lengths.
These ere just a few of the more glaring fallacies.
—Editor.)

(Continued on page 94)
THE READER
AIRS
HIS VIEWS

IN this department we shall publish every month your opinions.
After all, this is your magazine and it is edited for you. If wo
fall down on the choice of our stories, or if the editorial board
alios up occasionally, it is up to you to voice your opinion. It makes
no difference whether your letter is complimentary, critical, or

whether it contains a good old-fashioned brick-bat.

All of your letters, as much as space will allow, will ho published
here for the benefit of all. Duo to the large Influx of mall, no com-
munications to this department arc answered individually unless
25c in stamps to cover time and postage is remitted.

Up in the Air

Editor AIR WOHDER STORIES:

  Inasmuch as you are going to publish a
new magazine devoted to stories of the air,
perhaps you can enlighten, through your
columns, the great number of people who
are bewildered by the rapid changes that
aro going on in aviation. I, for one, find
myself at sea when I try to orient myself
and know whither we are drifting. I con-
fess I am very much interested in your
proposed venture and knowing of your suc-
cess as an editor, I can look forward pleas-
urably to your first Issue. It would moro
than justify itself if it succeeds in helping
out those who, like myself, find themselves,
aeronautically speaking. "Up in tho air”
about what is going on. I am enclosing re-
turn postage for any descriptive matter you
may have regarding the magazine.

                   BURT KANE,
                      Portland, Me.

  (AVIATION NEWS is the answer to those
who are "up in the air" about what is
going on in the Industry. All the latest
aviation achievements of the men. the ma-
chines and the airports will be written about
each month to keep our readers thoroughly
informed. Further, there will be additional
columns from time to time of other matters
of interest and Instruction. Notices about
these will appear in early issues of AIR
WONDER STORIES. This magazine wllL
be like no other air magazine in print, and
we hope it will be much better than any.
We would appreciate Mr. Kane’s criticisms
and suggestions as to how to Improve
it.—Editor).

 A Retired Business Man Speaks
Editor AIR WONDER STORIES:

  I have just been perusing your most es-
timable magazine SCIENCE WONDER
STORIES, and your notloe about a new
magazine of aviation fiction comes to mind.
As a retired business man and engineer freo
to Indulge my fancy. I have spent a good
deal of time in rather extensive reading.
I must say that I like your SCIENCE
WONDER STORIES very much and if your
new magazine approaches it in interest, en-
tertainment and instruction you can cer-
tainly count me among your readers.
Through the press of business cares, I have
lost touch so much with the world and
found to my surprise that your pages of
science news gave me an admirable glimpso
Into the great number of scientific achieve-
ments. I have not my copy of SCIENCE
WONDER STORIES before mo at this mo-
ment and I do not recollect whether you
will run anything comparable to Science
N*'ws. If you can see your way clear, I
would suggest that you do so. As a further
suggestion which I hope you will not find
prosnmptous, why don’t you give a little
explanation, somewhere, of the principles of
aviation with notes concerning some of tho
problems of the Industry. As I look back
at the remarkable progress of aeronautics
In the past ten years, I can welt imagine a
glorious future for It If you have delved
Into this future your readers, which I am
sure will be many, would like to know some-

MORRIS GLASSBERG,

Bronx, N. Y.

  (The AVIATION NEWS which Mr. Olass-
bcrg has doubtlessly read, has been Incor-
porated. There Is under consideration, at
present, somo plana plmllar to his Ideas ex-
pressed here. We are In accord wltli his
belief regarding the glorious future in storo
for aviation. And our authors limited only
bv scientific truth and their vivid Imagina-
tions aro peering ahead to try to discover
what that future Is. W,	»dopted as

the watchword for AIR WONDER STORIES,
a phrase what we believe to be true.

      future of Aviation springs from the imuguw-
lion." And we believe It will be the writers,
such as will write for AIR WONDER STOR-
IES, who Win discover that future.—Ediior).

From an Embryo Aviator

Ediior AIR WONDER STORIES:

  I am what you would call an embryo
aviator and I am Interested in everything
pertaining to aviation. Since I first flew.
I’ve been more and more thrilled with what
the uir means to all of us moro or less,
"earth bound" creatures. I’ve been telling
you this to let you know that I am very
critical of anything that is said in the name
of aviation, for as you probably note there
is a lot that has been said about it by
people that don’t know what they are talk-
ing about. If you can contribute something
new or interesting, you should find a ready
field, but if you are just going to follow
the crowd, you'd better not waste your time.
Having heard much about you, I am opto-
rtiistlc of what you can do. In other words
I await your first issue with an open and
critical mind.

WILLIAM KENDALL,

                         New York. N. Y.
(We would be very happy to know what
Mr. Kendall thinks of tho first issue of AIR
WONDER STORIES. We can appreciate his
feelings about what must be his hobby and
even more than that. It is our aim to print
the best aviation stories of the future that
can be obtained, and also the "Aviation
news of the month,” written in an interest-
ing and "newsy” style. And from time to
time, as tho need for it grows, we will add
columns that will not only serve as a source
of Information and instruction but also of
Immense entertainment—Editor).

A Challenge
Editor AIR WONDER STORIES:

  I have seon the notice of your AIR
WONDER STORIES about to appear and
would like further information about it as
I am very much interested. I understand
from a friend also that you will have some
"News" items of aviation In It and other
things. I am rather sceptical about how a
fiction magazine can go off into technical
sidelines about which it knows little. I am
only Interested In tho fiction side, as I be-
lieve that real stories of the air that aro
well written can beat anything I ever read.
Aviation is doing wonders for the world, and
stories built about these wonders must just
be great. So I am anxiously awaiting the
first Issue. But be careful how you branch
off into aeronautics, you might lose your
"rep."

FRANK PARSONS.

                             Providence. R. I.
(Mr. ParBon’s frank advice has been well-
considered and for the most part we can
agree with him. Many ill-equipped people
have gone Into aviation pretending to know
it all. and they have only succeeded In mak-
ing themselves ridiculous. We cannot know
It all. And for that reason we have as
associate editors, some of the leading aero-
nautical authorities in the country, who will
advise us not only on the manuscripts that
nre submitted to us but also on other avia-
tion matters. With the support of such
men, and with their wide knowledge and
experience, we hope to have some non-fiction
material that will prove of interest and
value to all our readers. But the magazine
is primarily of fiction stories of the "won-
ders of aviation—those that aro and those
that are to come."—Editor).

Doesn’t Want to Be Cheated

Editor AIR WONDER STORIES:

  As a subscriber to SCIENCE WONDER
STORIES I would like to subscribe also to
your new aviation magazine. I don t want
to be cheated out of any of the magazines
or stories you put out. Will you please send
me all the necessary material so that I can
receive the first Issue? I must compliment
you on SCIENCE WONDER STORIES and
if the new paper is as good, you can count
me in with you. and my friends also, ^e
have just aroused a real Interest in aviation
and we count on your capable editing of

the magazine to help us to understand tho
art or Industry of flying and get a lot of
enjoyment from the stories. Could you also
recommend through your oolumns or other-
wise some good books on aviation; how the
machines fly, the construction of the various
types and how the pilots operate the ma-
chines? Some books that aro not too tech-
nical but yet explain things in a satisfac-
tory manner. I know that I and my friends
would appreciate this very much. Mean-
while all my best wishes are yours for tho
success of AIR WONDER STORIES.

                WESLEY BROWN,
                    Omaha, Neb.

  (We believe that thru the wonderful
stories the "Aviation News’* pages, book re-
views and other material which will be
added, Mr. Brown and his friends will find
that they can get a fine background of
knowlcdgo of the remarkable field of avia-
tion. Any specific questions that they have
we will be very glad to answer. Our staff
of aeronautical experts are professors of
aeronautics in leading universities, men
whose knowledge of tho subject is unques-
tioned.—Editor).

  Aviation Will Cause Radical
Changes
Editor AIR WONDER STORIES:

  I understand you are putting out a new
magazine to be called AIR WONDER
STORIES. That sounds like very interesting
nows especially if it is going to be different
from the air magazines that are now on the
market. I have read most of them and am
now ready for a real good one after tho
fashion of your SCIENCE WONDER STOR-
IES. However, I don't understand what
sort of stories it is going to carry. Are they
going to be stories of tho present or of the
future? And are you going to run some
pages of science or aviation news? I cer-
tainly hope you will, for it is hard for a
busy person who wants to keep up with all
that is going on, to do so. I have always
had a great interest in aeronautics and it
seems to me that it is going to cause some
radical changes in the world, the same as
most scientific advances have. I would ap-
preciate an early answer letting me know
just what your plans are, for I surely am
interested in the announcement I saw in tho
first issue of SCIENCE WONDER STORIES.

                JOHN FARRAND,
                     Cleveland, O.

  (AIR WONDER STORIES is designed to
fill a real need for stories picturing aviation
of the future. It aims to be an organ not
only for entertainment, but also as Mr. Far-
rnnd says, to enable a busy person to keep
abreast of tho Industry. The pages of Avia-
tion News are experimental but if the recep-
tion it receives is similar to that accorded
SCIENCE NEWS in SCIENCE WONDER
STORIES then we predict it will be a huge
success. We hope that what is contained in
tho present Issue answers Mr. Farrand's
queBtions. Wc would say, futhermore. that
many other additions are under considera-
tion to make the magazine a» real source of
education. We Invite Mr. Farrand's criti-
cism of this issue.—Editor).

  Leary About Air Magazines
Editor AIR WONDER STORIES:

  A friend of mine tolls me that you are
going to get out a new aviation magazine.
How? When? Why? and Where? I sup-
pose you know that there are already a lot
of aviation magazines out, but I suppose
yours will be different, at least I hope it
is. There is always a question I wondered
about aeronautics and perhapB you can an-
swer it for mo. I hear a lot about motorlesa
airplanes called “Gliders.” Just how nre
they run? Arc they really without motors
or is there something phoney about It? I
hope you can find time to answer this for
me. T am sort of leary about most air
magazines so I am waiting until yours

comes out to see what it is going to bo

93
94

AIR WONDER STORIES

Become a Trained
Radio-Technician

 RADIO INDUSTRY PLEADS

for “Registered” Rndlo Expert*

l Opportunity bcckons as never be-
I fore in tlic Radio industry. Good'
I paying positions, interesting work.
I a chancc to become independent—
' radio offers all this and more to
ambitious men who seize the op*

_ portunity NOW! Last year the

radio industry took all our Bfadu*
Michael Ert. alea and clamored for more. Thou*
Pics. Michael Mnds of trained men are needed
Ert. inc., end for Radio Scrvice. Radio Engineer*
j' s f* *n8> Radio Broadcasting, Tele-
Radio Trade yijion. Station-opcration, and Radio
&* * ?,c'r,a Merchandising. And still radio is
rim V. rres. jn ,ts infancy. Great expansion is
Federated Ra- a],calj. Get in this wonderful fast-

  aJc’c gr0”ing ficM N0WI
Radio Trades Association Approve
S. of E. Radio Graduates

The Wisconsin Radio Trades Assn now compels
every radio service man to pass severe elimina-
tions, and become registered. Dealers are tired
of expensive incompetent help. Radio trade asso-
ciations the country over are planning to follow
Wisconsin's example. The .School of fcngineor-
Ing 1b the only Institution in the country
whose courso Is approved by a radio trade
association. Graduates of the S. of E. are

•	registered" without examination.

    Moat Thorough Practical
    Radio Course in America

Here in this big splendidly
equipped electrical school (Irom
which Station WISN is opep
ated) you can se-
cure in three
months the most
thorough, the most
compact and prac-
tical radio training
offered anywhere. (

Covers entire field
of radio! Complete
Course includes
Radio Laboratory
Practice, Radio Telephony Theory, Radio Trans*
mission, Code Instruction, E!cctric.«l Mathematics,
Service and Installation. Radio SjIcs and Mer-
chandising. Daily broadcasting from WISN. AH
training is 100% PRACTICAL. You learn every,
thing in three short months!

   TELEVISION INCLUDED

Complete Radio Course also includes study of
fundamentals of Television and latest develop-
ments in that gigantic new field. Enables anyone
to keep up with progress of this new industry.

 EARN WHILE YOU LEARN

Not only do we help place our men after gradua-
tion, but we can arrange for part-time employ-
ment that will cover part if not all of your living
expenses while ~9u are taking the Radio Course
at the School of Engineering.

   Send for FREE BOOK

Send today, without obligation, for FREE catalog
describing the wonderful opportunities in radio,
the threo months Radio Course and details of our
Pirn While You Learn Plan,

SCH05M»?.ER'NG

FounH.rt 1905 A.W.S. 729-A Mllwauk®#^WH.

  School of Engineering of Milwaukee,
  Dept. A.W.S. 929-A, Milwaukee, Wise.
  Without obligation, please send me FREE Book
  describing your 3-months "Radiotrician" course
  and full details of your "Earn While You Learn
  Plan."

 Name ........................ Age......

Address..................................

City..................

                                State.

llko. Also if it is too much trouble for you.
could you tel! rne on what principle the
Holicopter works. I have seen a lot about
them too in the papers and would like to
know If they are really on the principle of
birds. I would appreciate very much a
hearing from you about those questions and
also some news about your new magazine.

                    MILTON YOST.

Baltimore, Md.

  (The first issue of AIR WONDER STOR-
IES is now open to scrutiny. We hope Mr.
Yost like it. In answer to tho motive power
of the gilder: The glider Is generally shot
off the ground from a catapult which works
on (he principle of a sllng-shot. Thov are
really without motors and depend on up-
ward currents of air to keep (hem aloft once
they are In the air. Tho holicopter aims
by having rotating wings to get power to
lift it vertically from the ground anrl allow
it to descend the same way.—Editor).

OPERATION (Cont.)

New Cooling Fluid For Airplanes

ANEW cooling fluid for water-cooled air-
plane engines has been developed by
the Army Air Corps which they declare
will revolutionize the operation of all air-
craft which uses it. Composed of a number
of chemicals whose nature tho War De-
partment has not divulged, the fluid is said
to be vastly more efficient than water. Only
4V4 gallons of it are required to do the
work of 18 gallons of wator. This means a
saving in weight of 84 pounds. The re-
duction In the amount of fluid allows a cor-
responding reduction in the size of radiator
required, which means a further saving of
40 pounds. Furthermore the reduction in
the size of tho radiator means a roductlon
In Its resistance, and ns the resistance of
the radiator is often 20% of tho total re-
sistance of the craft, the saving Is apparent.
Having a much higher boiling point than
water the fluid will also permit operation
of tho craft over a much groator speed for
a longer time. With a saving In weight of

100	pounds and a greater range in operation
of planes the fluid Is expoctod to do wonders
to advance the cause of aviation. Some
inkling of the nature of the fluid is ex-
pected to be divulged by tho War Depart-
ment shortly.

    New Aviation Light-Beam

THE use of a rotating beam of light, half
red and half white, to guide aviators to
the landing field Is now In use In the Cleve-
land Municipal Airport says Science. By this
rotation, the beam will be seen by the avia-
tor no matter from what angle he ap-
proaches the field. The use of the multi-
colored beam will onable him to dis-
tinguish it.

Auxiliary Plane to Aid Take-Off

THE problem of the "take-off," especially
of heavily loaded planes, which has dogged
the aircraft industry from tho start, is said
to be solved by an invention of Dr. Henry
Junkers, famous German export. He makes
une of an auxiliary plane to get the heavily
loaded one into tho air, when it can then
operate tinder its own power. Tho plane
to bo started is placed on a platform built
on the auxiliary. The motors of both planes
aro started and their combined power lifts
them both into the air, whore at a pro-
determined altitude they part company.
The use of blocking keeps the planes to-
gether until they are ready to separate.

Airplane Tracks Rum-Runner

THE use of airplanes to bring rum from
Canada into the United States has been
well known. Now tho customs authorities
of Canada reversed the procedure by uaing
a plane to track down a rum runner. Word
was received at Quebec that a runner was
making a landing at Shelter Bay on the
south shore of the St. Lawrence. Unable
to obtain a boat to make the trip, the cus-
toms men chartered a plane and flow there
Although tho rum barge had already de-
parted, the customs men found the liquor
and seized it. Then by the aid of the
signal service the movements of the barge
were traced and it was Anally appreliendod.

Air Becoming Safe, Says Lindbergh

THE perils of tho air are becoming u
thing of the past said Col. Lindbergh
beforo a Congressional committee. Safe air
transportation between this country and
South America will become a reality In a
yenr or two, ho declared, with planes flying
directly between Washington or Now York
to Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aires. Planes
will soon be able to land without seeing tho
ground, by the aid of Intersecting radio
beacons and the uso of sonic altimeters.
Other devices, he believes, will overcome the
difficulties of smoke or fog. He advocated
the building of an airport in Washington,
that should be a mile square, with a special
concrete runway, ropalr shops and a passenger
terminal. He stressed particularly tho ne-
cessity of hard surfaces at landing fields,
being reminded of his own experience of
being stuck In the mud at Bolling Field In
Washington. He believed also that the heli-
copter is a thing for the distant future,
thero being no present way to develop one
economically.

Safety Slot Keeps Planes
Stabilized

'T'HE inability of pilots to keep their planes
Aon an even keel when the engino stalled
has resulted in the loss of many lives. Tho
result was the using of a safety slot which
enabled tho machine to maintain its posi-
tion oven tho It moved at almost a snail’s
pace. But tho this was a safety device
for inexperienced pilots, it took tho plane
somewhat out of the control of tho pilot,
and for war purposes constituted a serious
handicap. Now by a new device of the
Handley Page Company of England an inter-
ceptor has been placed on tho plane which
gives tho control back to tho pilot. The
British Government has paid the Handley
Page Company $500,000 for tho use of tho
intorceptor slot. Indicating that they aro
apparently satisfied with It.

Plane Used to Explore Canadian
Wilderness

A PARTY of exploration has been startod,
** to cover 7000 miles of the Hudson Bay
region of Canada, on a trip after the modern
fashion. Penetrating a land which has been
closed to man except for a fow months of
the year, the explorers will search for
precious metals, water-power sites, and will
make various other geologic survoys. An
incentive to the search has been furnished
by tho discoveries of gold In this region, by
men working on the old Hudson Bay Rail-
road. Two planes will be used In the sur
vey. provided by radio communication with
each other and with their base. By the
use of skis Instead of landing wheels the
planes will be enabled to land on tho snow
or on lakes or rivers.

Tail Spin Causes Most Crashes

THAT the tall spin Is the principal causa
of air catastrophes and has accounted for
more fatalities in the Navy and Marino
Corps than any other cause, was divulged
by Secretary of tho Navy Adams. During
the last flve years, he said, tail spins ac-
counted for ono-thlrd of the 150 fatalities
that occurred in the aviation of the Navy
and Marine Corps. In order to U8e a pre-
ventative for the tall spin which occurs
principally at the time of a stall, the Navy
Department Is experimenting with the
Handley-Page slotted wing which is said
to have so much success in England. Othor
efTorts toward safety Include the use of the
parachute, the development of more efficient
aorological service, more frequent flight in-
spection reports, and better training.

AVIATORS

“Caterpillar Club” Now Has 120
Members

THE present membership of the Caterpillar
Club, composed of uviators who found it
necessary to jump from their plane by para-
chute to save their lives, now numbers 12ft
men. This was divulged by Capt. Falk
Harmel. of the Army Air Corps Reserve
who is unofficial historian of tho Club. Col.
Lindbergh, by virtue of four such dives from
his plane, has earned the title of "Noble
Caliph. Grand Vizier and High Mogul."
Among tho members Is one who Jumped at
an altitude of 7.500 feet, and another who
at 34.000 feet became unconscious and r<>-
covored when the plane was only 9.000 feet
from the ground. Moving earthward at :•
terrific velocity he was forcod to jump when
only 900 feet from the ground when fire
occurred In the engine cockpit.
AIR WONDER STORIES

95

New Flying School Regulations

NEW regulations for flying schools that
wish to obtain Dcpartmont of Commerce
licenses or approvals have been completed.
The obtaining of tho ratings or approvals
by the flying school is voluntary, but the
Commerce Department believes that reput-
able schools will wish to obtain them and
thus weed out those who cannot and will
not comply with the regulations. Schools
are divided into three classes; private,
limited commercial and transport, the regu-
lations for training and equipment becoming
progressively stlffer from private to trans-
port. Students of th'e flrst must havo ten
hours of dual instruction and eight hours of
solo flying. Credit may be obtained, how-
ever, for “check" flying or that with the
Instructor in the piano with the student.
Limited commercial students must have at
least fifty hours of flying time of which
fifteen or twenty hours may bo "check"
aviation.

time. Transport students must have at
least 200 hours of which 36 to 60 hours
may be "checked." Students In limited
commercial and transport must also have
experience in other planes than tho one
used for instruction, notably in cabin planes.
Students must also have a minimum num-
ber of hours of ground Instruction on nir
commerce, airplane construction, navigation
and meteorology. With the new regulations
the Department hopes to make a great
strldo forward in increasing the safety in

Warns Aviators of Stalling

A DEVICE! to warn an aviator that his
piano is approaching a speed where
a stall is probable has been Invented by
R. A. McLean of the Ottawa (Canada) Fly-
ing Club. A note of warning is sounded into
the ears of the pilot by special earphones
which he wears. An air speed Indicator on
the wing strut is attached electrically to a
•mall electrical device which causes a bus*
when the speed falls to a dangerous point.

I

Nine Million Miles With 102
Forced Landings
N order to determine how effective their
motors were In use. the Wright Aeronauti-
cal Corporation sent questionnaires to users
of their Whirlwind motors. In responso they
learned that 302 pilots had flown over nine
million miles or thirty-eight times the dis-
tance to the moon, with only 102 landings
due to engine trouble. This was an average
of one landing every 91,000 miles or every
912 hours of flying. Scventy-ono of the
pilots reported one or more landings to
each 27,283 hours of running. The record
of tho other 231 pilots showed 06,687 hours
of flight without a single landing due to
motor trouble.

   New Atlantic West-East Hop

 ANEW effort to successfully hop the At-
 lantic on tho west-east route will be
 made this summer by two or throe French-
 men. The pilot will be Jean Ansolant, a
 former French Army pilot, and he will liavo
 with him a mechanic and possibly Armand
 Lottlt the owner of the plane.

 I

 Army Seeks Fliers for One Year

  N order to keep up with its air expansion
  program tho Air Corps of the United
  States Army is seeking civilian and army
  reserve fliers to accept a commission in the
  Air Corps and serve for one year. Qualified
  commercial transport pilots will recolvo com-
  missions in the Air Corps reserve and will
  then be ordered to active service for one
  year. No reserve officer higher than tho
  grade of second lieutenant will be ordered
  to active duty but those above that Krade
  may resign and be reappointed as secona
  lieutenants if they wish active service.

 Story of Airmen’s Death on Plane

 THE dramatic story of the death of two
 airmen who had disappeared while on a
 hunt for the minaing Southern Cross was
 rovoaled when the bodies of the men wero
 round beside their plane in the interior of
 Australia. The men, Robert Hitchcock and
 Lieutenant Keith Anderson, had evidently
 been forced down on the rough terrain, and
 died of thirst several days later altho tho
 rescuers found water several miles away.
 The story of their struggles to keep alive
 had been scratched by one of them on tho
 rudder of the plane. In view of the dis-
 tance of the place where the bodies wero
 found, from civilization, the rescue party
 wad unable to return the bodies, but had
 to bury them there.

 Learn to
 Fly

FLYING INSTRUCTIONS, for one year, for one dollar. A monthly maga-
zine, "The American Aviator: Airplanes and Airports," publishes articles on
aero dynamics, motor repair and lubrication, ground school activities, meteor-
ology, theory of flight, aviation, war manoeuvers, airports, gliders, aero dub news,
etc. Monthly articles by or about Lt. Col. Harold Evans Hartney, Col. Charles
A. Lindbergh, Comm. Ralph D. Weyerbacher, Lady Mary Heath, Lt. John Shear-
man Donaldson, Elinor Smith. Walter W. Hubbard, Admiral Moffett, Col.
Clarence Chamberlain, Gen. John F. O'Ryan, and others. Regularly sells for
$3.00 yearly, special short time offer of 12 issues for one dollar.

Short time offer; tear off and mail today.

AMERICAN AVIATOR. I*c.

101	W. 3 1st St.. New York, N. Y.

    Send your magazine for the next 12 itsues for which I enclose one dollar.

 Name

 Address

S. Gernsback’s Radio
Encyclopedia
The BIGGEST SELLER in RADIO
LITERATURE

This Is n real encyclopedia—not a
dictionary.

 Tho work contains 1.530 definitions,
 B49 photographs, drawings and dia-
 grams.

The volume Is printed upon flne
paper—bound In full black Karatol,
368 pages, size 9x12 inches.

SKNIl NO MONEY. A postal will
bring you the book. You pay the
postman $1.4» and a few cents post-
age. Money back if not satisfied.

ISKOR PRESS, Inc.

286 Fiftli Avc. New York, N. Y.

B00K0N

AVIATION

 oamo and oddresa today for this

F bend your
amazing nt
monc*- and atartling opportunities .

and how you can c

book. It tella all about tho big
ea in th5

______„___________________An qualify

for a real job in this fascinating industry.

thrilling new field n

Learn at Homo

     Find ont oil aboot the sudden demand for
   daring young men in Aviation, nnd how you
   f can now secure the basic fundamentals of Avia-
   tion, ot homo in aparo time. Send at once for
   tlila Btartling FREE book. Opporlunilka us
   Uie Airplaius Industry. No obligation. .

AMERICAN SCHOOL OF AVIATION
3601 Michigan Avc., Dept 306 B, Chicago, III.

She 'Flies/

 Jakes Off Ground
 \ZoomsVpt1i$i

JOc

  Has wing spread 16" with’ main fuselage 14"; 7"
  carved wood propeller; 6 ply rubber motor. Soar*
  to great heights. Completely assembled. Simply
  fasten wings and launch. Only 50c.

  Junior model—11" wing spread; 9" motor stick; 4
  ply rubber motor 25c.

  Both models guaranteed to fly. Special: Pure Para
  rubber	VlC foot; 3/16" flat, lc foot.

  Postage ail orders Sc extra.

8PEEDO MFG. CO.

 Dept. W., 200 Albany Ave. Bklyn., N. Y.

BUILD THIS MODEL
AIRPLANE YOURSELF

3-ft. Model

JUNKER “Bremen” L—lXZl

 muterlult, and complete Instructions, M.SO

GET YOURS!

 Send for your copy of our 56 page booklet
 which contains, the scientific knowledge we
 gained through 20 years' experience
 model airplane construction.

 It illustrates and describes ■

  famous airplanes, also all parts re-
  quired by model builders, expert
  menters and inventors. This booklet '
  is mailed to you upon receipt of...

  Tour dealer can supply you. If not. write us.

 U. S. MODEL AIRCRAFT CORP.

 897-399K Bridge St.	Brooklyn, N. Y.

10

        Agents Wanted
 Free Book. Start little Mail Order
 business.

     HADW1L
27A-74 Cortlandt St.	New York
96

AIR WONDER STORIES

     ONE factory just called on us for 20 more men. The demand for Lincoln-trained men is
     greater than we can supply. And this demand is constantly increasing.

          Take advantage of this wonderful opportunity. Come to Lincoln—the school where Lind-
     bergh learned. Get thorough, practical training as a pilot, ground mechanic or airplane welder.
     Then—in a few short months—you can step into a good-pay position. We help our graduates get
     jobs—many right here in Lincoln's two big aircraft factories and three airports. We also help
     students get part time work to defray expenses.

Lea hi to

FLY

Where hindbergh learned

We Have More Calls for Our
Graduates Than We Can Fill!

 Complete Mechanics Course—\V e specialize in
ground training, for this offers a wonderful future for
those wanting Factory or airport positions. You work un-
der actual factory conditions. Repair and rebuild engines,
fuselage, wings, etc. Learn factory production methods,
meteorology, aerial navigation—everything you need to
know.

  You work on great aero motors. tFe emphasize instruction on the
Wright fFhirlvxnd engine. This U one ot die few civilian schools
possessing a Wright Whirlwind. You learn to take these great mo-
tors apart and put them back together.

 Complete PS!ot Course—From the very first day you fly with
a licensed transport pilot instructor in one of our dependable dual
control planes- As you progress you learn straight flying, cross
country, acrobatics, emergency landings, etc. Our pilots have taken
up more than 100,000 passengers without a single accident.

 A Great School-S'arnng as a small school back in the days
when “Lindy" was training here, the Lincoln Airplane School ia now
one of the fastest-growing and finest-equipped civilian aviation schools

in the United States. And It’s famous in every factory and airport as
the school that turns out thoroughly-trained mechanics and flyers.

   We have $350,000 worth of buildings and equipment. Our own
private airport. And plenty of the new-production, government-
licensed training planes, including the famous Lincoln-Page planes.

Men from 20 states arc in training here now—one student coming

16,000	miles from South Afnca. Every student receives the closest
personnl attention. Student-* coming from a long distance have ex-
amined many Other schools on the way. They say the Lincoln School
far surpasses their expectations and that the superior features of this
school justify them coming thousands of miles. Don't send an advance
juiyment	school before a personal investigation. Come to

  Mail Coupon for FREE Literature t

   Get full details about the Lincoln Airplane School. Know
   why wc arc able to give superior training. Read about Lind-
   bergh while he was at Lincoln. Every fact—complete details
   about Flying and Ground Courses, low tuition, reasonable
   terms—all iu our FREE Literature. Mail Coupon—NOW I

Airplane School

          Where Lindbergh Learned
800 Aircraft Bldg.	Lincoln, Nebr.

[MAIL COUPON NOW!

I Lincoln Airplane School
| 80* Aircraft Blilg., Lincoln, Nebr.

| Dear Sirs: Please send me free literature about your
_ Flyinj; and Ground Courses, low tuition, living ex-

I	penaes. etc.

Name........................... Age.

Address ..............................

State.

Landlnt °ltr'

hl,r„.foiof«‘h‘

Factory engineer explaining conatruction
of engine carrying frame
Complete Plans and Inductions for any-
one of the following Models sent for 2Sc;
New York-Par is (Spirit of St. Louis);
FOKKER; DeHavilland;

Curtiss; NC-4 Seaplane;

Blcriot, Taube or N'icu-
port Monoplanes; Cecil
Peoli Racing Airplane.

Catalog included free.

Build and Fly Your
Model Airplane
the IDEAL Way!

^ J PERFECT Model; made from the original specifications fur
nished by the Stout Airplane Co.. a Division of The Ford
Motor Company; of the "FLOYD BENNETT," the tri-motorcd
Ford Monoplane now in service in the Antarctic with Commander
Byrd.

SPECIFICATIONS:

Wing Span: 36 in.	Wing Chord: 7 in.

Length: 27 ill.	Weight: 10% oz.

Speed: 2? m.p.li.	Wing Loading: 13 oz.

   Has all the distinctive features of the original and the most
   perfect copy possible to make in mode! form. Build it the
   IDEAL way; the most practical way to build models of real
   Airplanes.

   Complete Construction OutIH (shown nt the left) contains every,
   thine required, iiU'lmliUK rluns, Diimmins, I'ntterus unit lluilii-
   Flylng Directions. Price.........................................j..........................S8.50

The IDEAL
Model of the

  Ford tri-motor Monoplane

IDEAL

Construction Outfits
Build True Copies
of Real Airplanes!

These Outfits make building easy. All
wood parts are cut to size, ribs ready
formed, propellers fully carved from hard
wood (no breakable balsa used), all metal
fittings strong and ready for use. Accurate
Plans, also Diagrams and Patterns, in-
cluded with each outfit. Build your Model
Airplane the IDEAL way—then you will
have a stronger, more realistic Model.

  Ask your dealer for this Model; if unobtainable, order direct
  from us. See catalog below for models of "Spirit of St, Louis"
  FOKKER, DeHavilland, Curtiss and other Aircraft.

IDEAL AEROPLANE & SUPPLY COMPANY. Inc.

Model Airplane Headquarter* for IX Years

 20-22 West 19lh Street	New York City

64-page Catalog—5c Plans for Models—25c

rolls how to build Gliders
ind Racers, gives fiill infor-
mation about Scale Models,
and contains must complete
listing of Parts. Fittings,
Materials and Supplies for
all kinds of model aircraft.
The biggest and beat Model
Airplane catalog obtainable.
Learn Electricity

          Not by Correspondence
          All PRACTICAL Work at

  Hundreds of my graduates are making big money as Power Plant Operators, Electrical Engineers,
  Telephone Men, Superintendents, Electro-Auto Engineers, ctc. Hundreds of others are in the elec-
  trical contracting business for themselves and making from .$3,000 a year and up. 1 want you to
  come to Coyne now and let me prepare you for big opportunities. MAIL COUPON—NOW!

 EARN $60 A WEEK AND UP

  Yoar future lies in the Electrical Field. You'll like the work—it's a man’s game. Decide to enter now when the in-
  dustry is ('rowing faster than ever before, and the demand for trained men vastly exceeds tho Rupp'y—when R1 LI ,IONS
  are being invested fn Electrical improvements and the certainty of your assured success is gr.ul' r than ever before.
  You don't need much money. ACT NOW—Send coupon for big Free Catalog and prepare to cume al once to i.'oyne
  —America's Greatest Electrical School, where you will be trained by the best and quickest, method uf inutruccior.—
  the “Learn-by-Doing” system perfected by us in 30 years of success.

     Earn While You Learn ** Maf{e Expenses in Chicago

 You don't need to take one to four year a to pet your training.

 Practical Electrical Training under circumstances that place it within the reach of any ambitious man.

AVIATION ELECTRICITY Simplest Instruction Known/

 For a limited period I'll make you this astonishing offer—
 a course in Aviation Electricity, Kadio and Auto Electric-
 ity if you enroll now for my olcctrical course. Mail cou-
 pon for my Big New Book that tells you all about tho
 80th Anniversary Offer I'm making now.

      Mail Coupon for Free Catalog Right Now!

            uuryc ...	...

 IsVitherdoyuu previo_u*cx|*erien<,norntJvnnr«*»l pduj**-	President

fAYNF Electrical School

V V JL 11 MU H. C. LEWIS, President

H.C.LEWIS

 tion. For wotisonobookn. hove no classes and do not teach / a a v IJ T
 by corrra|io»dence. Electrical experts stand betide you V W I n Ci
 to Kuide and instruct you while you do thuaciuiil work f Electrical School
 with yournwn hnndii. just cxactly an you will Interdo « con < omiini
 It when you rradunto with your diploma on Maater /	, "ot

Electrician. You Inarn everythin* from tho aim- f CHICAGO ILLINOIS

 IdeatdoorMI to thu mitfht venerator—inni'ir*. -	’

 iehtm power, hrat. *l«ctric fcwraorivM. t

                ............. <:

 300 S. Pnuliiiu Hi., lU'pt. B'MlJ

 CliiiUL-u. III.

  ffiiieeriuir.doiifninir. plan reading, eatiniut-
  Intf- everything so you can handle tho big
  johw thut arenifered to (V>yno Krudti-

 ulea. All mastered quickly, und ut -
 bniull expenae.	*

  Dmr Sir:—Mraar Hcixl iiip ufc-
        . .	wbw.ll

  and full iinrhculbi* <>r your ^i«>»

 cisl ol!«r and two vournv* t ULU.