
 This American is nof expected to buy an
 extra War Bond in the 5th WAR LOAN

 But we are.

 For each of us here at home, the job
 now is to buy extra Bonds—100, 200,
 even 500 dollars worth if possible.

 Many of us can do much more than
 we ever have before.

 When the Victory Volunteer comes

to you and asks you to buy extra Bonds,
think how much you’d give to have
this War over and done.

  Then remember that you’re not giv-
ing anything. You’re simply lending
money—putting it in the best invest-
ment in the world.

Let’s Go... for the Knockout Blow/

        FICTION HOUSE, INC.

This is an official U. S. Treasury advertisement—prepared under auspices of Treasury Department and War Advertising Council
T. T. SCOTT, President	A. C. ROBINSON, Asst. Mgr.	MALCOLM REISS, Editor

Two Great Novels of the Old West

FREIGHTERS, WEST!..........William Heuman 2

Gateway to a devil’s empire was Nebraska City, where the steamers on the muddy
Missouri set their burdens down—and men like Jay Brandon picked them up.

CAPTAIN TOMAHAWK..........Tom W. Blackburn 100

        Tal Hastings paddled with his life in pawn to the fur rendezvous. For an unseen
        force staiked that strange wild company, the free-trade legion.

Two Novelets of Wilderness Jeopardy

DOOM ON THE TRAIL...........James P. Webb 38

       The mountain men lived by few and simple rules. One was—“Never leave your
       partner in a tight.” And Mitch was the man to make it stick.

HELL’S CARAVAN...........M. Howard Lane 72

For Thorpe Daniels, the first train to hit the emigrant camp was the one to join.

         But a relentless fate guided those wagons, goldfield bound.

Six Frontier Stories and Features

THE WOOING OF BAPTIST..........Mark Howe 23

         Fantastic and fearful was the plight of Doriot, pauper of the beaver streams.

CATTLE KATE..............Jerome Parker 30

        All of Wyoming Territory knew pretty Kate; few knew the secret of her corral.

REARGUARD ACTION............Fairfax Downey 54

        The Pierced Noses had been betrayed. At bay, they humbled the Indian-fighting army.

OX-CARTS OF EMPIRE............Ray Nafziger 62

        Tenderfoot Sam Walls came out of hell in an ox-cart—and saved a town.

PONY EXPRESS...........'.......71

        An Old West tradition is carried on in this meeting place for all FRONTIER readers.

 LONE BANDIT (Trading Post).......John Vernon Daley 93

The story of an amazing exploit of frontier banditry, told by the bandit himself!

Cover painted for FRONTIER by Sidney Reisenberg
Illustrations by George H. Wert, H. W. Kiemle, E. W. Potter and Gerald McCann

FALL ISSUE, 1944	20c per copy
Volume 15, No. 12	52

THIS IS A FICTION HOUSE MAGAZINE

  FRONTIER STORIES: Published quarterly by Fiction House, Inc., 670 Fifth Ave., New York 19, N. Y. Copy-
  right 1944 by Fiction House, Inc. All rights reserved. This is a magazine of fiction, the characters named and
  incidents described do not refer to any actual person. While all due care is taken we cannot be responsible for the
  return of unsolicited manuscripts. Yearly subscription rate 80«! payable in advance. For advertising rates address:
  The Newsstand Unit, 9 Rockefeller Plaza, New York 22, N. Y. Printed in U. S. A.
Jay and his men fired at the flitting figures beyond the wall of flame,

FREIGHTERS, WEST!

 By WILLIAM HEUMAN

THE dust was six inches thick on Fre-	There had been three others in the fight

mont Street in Nebraska City, and	originally when they’d pulled the old team-

a man was having his face ground	ster from the seat of the big Murphy

into it. Jay Brandon listened to his scream	wagon and battered him into the dust,

of pain as the bull whacker in the tattered	Immaculate in- the gray beaver, black

corduroy trousers lifted a heavy boot and	frock coat and polka-dot cravat, Jay had

thumped it into the beaten man’s ribs.	watched from the door of the Emperor
2
As the flames subsided, they charged to the high-pitched Arapahoe yell.

Nebraska City was the hottest town on earth. Missouri River steamers
piled the wharves high with goods—but it would take real men—and
maybe miracles—to roll the stuff to the fort in the Sioux country.

A Complete Novel of the Bullwhacker Brigade

Saloon. Two of the attackers had desisted
with the teamster on his knees, leaving the
finishing touches to the red-haired, red-
whiskered bullwhacker in the brown cordu-
roys. The bullwhacker was a powerful,
brutish man, with thick sensuous lips and
small pig’s eyes. He enjoyed his task.

  Jay Brandon tossed the cigar into the
gutter, flicked the dust from the lapel of
the coat, and then pushed his way through
the silent crowd. He came up behind the
red-haired man as the bullwhacker was lift-
ing his boot again. Catching him by the
left arm, he whirled him around and

3
4	FRONTIER

smashed a heavy fist into his gaping face.

  The bullwhacker staggered back through
the crowd. Blood trickled from his split
lips as he sat down against the wheel of the
Murphy.

  “Come again ?” Jay grinned. He handed
the beaver to the nearest spectator and
then slipped out of the coat. He stood out
in the center of the circle, a lean dark-
haired man, gray-eyed, long-jawed.

  “Cornin’ plenty, mister,” the bullwhacker
grunted, climbing to his feet. He plodded
forward, huge fists balled and hairy, the
hatred written across his wide face.

  Jay waited for him, eyes shifting to the
two men who had been in the fight at the
beginning. He watched the beaten teamster
crawl through the crowd on hands and
knees, shaking his head stupidly.

  The bullwhacker rushed suddenly, lash-
ing out with his right fist and trying to
drive his man to the ground. Jay Brandon
stepped forward. Again his hard-knuckled
hand snapped out, this time catching the
bullwhacker in the bridge of the nose and
breaking it cleanly.

  The gore gushed out as he tottered for-
ward, screaming with the pain. His two
friends had shifted positions and were
coming up on either side of Jay.

  The smaller, a stocky, bald-headed man
in a dirty buckskin shirt and leggins,
plunged forward at Jay’s knees.

  “Get him, Grady!” the other chap yelled
shrilly.

  Jay grinned. He danced back lightly
and then brought his right foot up with
all the force he could muster. The point
dug into the short man’s stomach, knocking
the wind from him. He gasped once and
then lay on his face shivering, digging
stubby fingers into the dust.

  The bullwhacker with the broken nose
was still up and full of fight. Tears
coursed down his cheeks as he lunged in
again.

  The third man, a rangy chap in blue-
flannel shirt and flat-crowned teamster’s
hat, rushed in from the other side. Jay
danced in between the two of them as the
crowd yelled in appreciation.

  He straightened up suddenly and rushed
the third man against'the wagon, hitting
him half a dozen times in the face with
lightning-like blows before stepping away
to meet the red-head again.

 STORIES

  The hatchet-faced man in the blue shirt
sank down to the ground and came up with
a length of iron chain in his hand. Jay
rammed a fist into the bullwhacker’s stom-
ach, doubling him up. He kicked him in
the right kneecap, knocking him to the
ground and putting him out of the fight.

  The remaining battler stepped forward
swinging the chain around his head. Jay
moved back grimly. That rusted chain
slashed across his face could take away his
eyesight.

HE tensed himself for a sudden spring
in under the steel whip. It was un-
necessary. A rather thin, light-haired man
in the buckskin outfit of an army post scout
lifted a heavy .44 calibre Walker Dragoon
Colt and pointed it at the other man’s chest.

  “Drop it, friend,” he said quietly.

  The man in the blue shirt eyed him coldly,
the chain dangling in his hand. Jay Bran-
don saw him weigh his chances. They
were about eight feet apart, the stranger
standing in the front line of the circle.

  “This thing shoots fast, mister,” the
stranger in buckskin observed. “Don’t try
to beat it.”

  Jay looked at him closely. He was
dressed in the frontier style, but he didn’t
speak like a backwoodsman. His words
were clipped, Eastern rather than Western.
He had cold blue eyes and a small straight
mouth.

  The man with the chain laughed and
then tossed the object aside.

  “Finish the fight, gentlemen,” the new-
comer murmured laconically.

  Jay Brandon was waiting for the next
rush. The brawlers on the frontier all
fought the same way, and they were quite
surprised when a man came into them with
straight-driving fists instead of backing
away. The force of their own drive added
power to Jay’s punches.

  Slowly, he backed his man against the
wagon and hit him till he dropped into the
dirt. Stepping back, he looked at his bleed-
ing knuckles.

  The teamster who had been beaten was
back on the wagon seat, lashing at his ani-
mals with a long blacksnake whip. The
big Murphy trundled away to the other
end of town. Jay saw the word EX-
CELSIOR written in two-foot letters on
the side of the dirty white canvas.
FREIGHTERS, WEST!	5

  He turned to the man with the gun. “You
drink, mister?” he asked.

  “After you,” the stranger said.

  The crowd yelled and slapped Jay’s back
as he retrieved his clothing and walked
back toward the Emperor.

  “Name’s Brandon,” he said. “Just in
from Denver. They say Nebraska City’s
the hottest town on earth.” Coming in on
the stage, he’d seen the long lines of bull
outfits pulling out for the frontier posts;
acres of warehouses and stockyards had
been constructed on the outskirts of the
city. Wharves and levies along the Mis-
souri were strewn with great piles of mer-
chandise destined for the interior. The
steamers carried materials from the east as
far as Nebraska City. A half-dozen big
freighting concerns took up the task from
there on.

  “Call me Freeman,” the man in buckskin
stated. “Sam Freeman.” He didn’t say
any more and Jay didn’t ask.

  “You took over some o’ Lamonte’s boys,”
a big man at Jay’s left observed. “He
won’t be likin’ it, mister.” He walked along
beside Jay.

  Jay smiled. “Since when,” he asked,
"does a big man like Lamonte send three
of his teamsters out to work on a small
outfit like Excelsior?”

  “There’s a lot o’ things Lamonte will
do,” he was told, “since old John Warbur-
ton grabbed that juicy government contract
away from him.”

  Jay looked at Sam Freeman. He’d
heard of the big firm of Lamonte, Darcy
and Simmons, Freighters. It was a half-
million-dollar concern, the largest in the
Nebraska Territory. They were reputed
to have over a thousand teamsters scattered
over the network, twenty thousand oxen
and mules, enormous wagonyards full of
the best Murphys and the latest Studebaker
wagons from the South Bend, Indiana,
manufacturers.

  “I just got in,” Jay murmured. “You
know anything about this, Freeman?”

  The man in buckskin rubbed his aquiline
nose. He spoke precisely as if giving a
report.

  “John Warburton, of the old Excelsior
Freighting Company, got the United States
Government contract to furnish supplies
to the new Fort Taylor situated in the
Sioux Reservation.”

  Jay nodded. He’d heard of the post re-
cently set up along the Rosebud River.

  “Lamonte wanted that contract,” Free-
man finished. “There’s been a lot of rough
play in town and half of the Excelsior
teamsters have quit their jobs.”

  “Like today?” Jay asked grimly. “Three
against one?”

  “Sometimes,” Freeman murmured, “it’s
worse. There’s been a fire in the Ex-
celsior yards. The last two bull outfits sent
out by Warburton have failed to reach
Fort Taylor.”

  The big raw boned man at Jay’s left
added, “There ain’t a man in Nebraska City
will handle one o’ Warburton’s trains.
Lamonte sent the word out.”

  “Afraid?” Jay grinned coldly.

  “Zeke McCord, Excelsior’s last wagon
master, had both arms broken,” Freeman
spoke up. “They found him in an alley
the other end of town.”

  “Tom Malloy,” the man at Jay’s left
chuckled, “was scalped by the Sioux three
days before they reached Fort Taylor.”
Jay Brandon finished his drink and set
the glass down on the bar.

  “Where is the Excelsior office, gentle-
men ?” he asked calmly. He felt Freeman’s
blue eyes on him.

  “Head of Fremont Street,” the big man
told him. “Opposite Leroy’s Saloon.”
“I’ll walk along,” Freeman volunteered.

THE TWO turned down the street,
crossed the road, skipping between two
enormous Murphys rumbling toward the
yards of Lamonte, Darcy and Simmons,
and stopped outside the door of the Ex-
celsior Freighting Company.

  It was a long shed-like building of un-
painted wood, one story high, and with a
false front. A runway to the left led
into the wagonyard. Jay saw the rows of
enormous Murphy wagons, and a half
dozen of the Espenshied models. There
was little activity in the yards. A few
men sauntered around or sat in the shade
of the blacksmith shop. A fat rolypoly
man in a tattered red flannel shirt pounded
halfheartedly at a tire rim. He looked at
them and grinned.

  “You taking this job?” Freeman asked
softly.

  “If they need a wagon master,” Jay
said, “and I qualify, I’ll take it.”
FRONTIER STORIES

  Freeman shrugged. “I’ll have a look
around,” he said. Jay watched him walk
up the runway. He noticed for the first
time the charred remains of one of the
sheds in the yard. Freeman had spoken
of a fire at the Excelsior yards.

  Again Jay looked up at the sign. The
window was open and he heard the woman’s
voice from inside. It was bitter, almost
taunting.

  “There’s not a man in Nebraska City
dares enter this door,” she said tersely.

  Jay Brandon blinked in surprise. He
saw her face just above him, the small
tight mouth, lips slightly curled in con-
tempt; eyes dark and bitter.

  “I reckon that doesn’t apply to me,” he
grinned. “I’m from Denver.”

  “Oh, that explains it.”

  She studied him carefully as he came
through the door. She was taller than he
had thought—almost too tall for a woman.
Her hair was as dark as her eyes. She
sat behind a desk in the outer office.

 “Mr. Warburton in?” Jay asked. “I
hear he needs a wagon master.”

  She looked at his clothes a little con-
temptuously. “Who do you speak for?”
she asked acidly.

  Jay smiled. “Tell your boss Mr. Bran-
don is asking for the job,” he said. He
watched her walk into the other room.
She nodded to him as she came out.

  John Warburton stood in the doorway, a
short white-haired man leaning on a cane
for support. There was a half-smile on
his smooth-shaven face and a twinkle in
the blue eyes.

  “Mr. Brandon?” he asked.

  Jay nodded. “You need a wagon mas-
ter,” he said quietly. “I’d like the job.”
He noted the lines of worry in the short
man’s face.

  The head of the Excelsior Freighting
Company pursed his lips and looked at the
girl.

  “My daughter Priscilla,” he introduced
her.

  Jay bowed from the waist.

  “Come inside,” John Warburton toxd
him. “Had any experience?”

  “I handled the wagons for the Colorado
River Freighting Company,” Jay explained.
“Four years of it.”

  “What brings you to Nebraska City?”
Warburton asked.

  “Colorado folded up,” Jay stated. “The
mines petered out.”

  Warburton drummed on the desk with
his fingers. “Undoubtedly,” he smiled
coldly, “you’ve heard of the trouble we
are having getting the merchandise
through ?”

  Jay nodded. “I’ve seen a little of it,”
he said grimly. “One of your teamsters
was pulled from his wagon this afternoon.”
Warburton’s eyes turned a shade lighter.
“I’ve lost half of my help,” he admitted.
“They’ve been threatened and abused.
Many of have them have been bought out.”
“Lamonte behind it?” Jay asked.

 The old man shrugged. “Lamonte
wanted that contract to begin with, and
he’s still aiming to get it.” He paused.
“We’ve lost the last two loads going
through to Fort Taylor. If we lose the
next one, the contract will be cancelled.
I’ve already received word from Colonel
Bradley, in command.”

  “When is the next outfit going through ?”
Jay wanted to know.

  “We’re loading at the piers now,” War-
burton explained. “It’ll be ready to roll
in three days. Thirty wagons, one hundred
and fifty ton of foodstuffs.”

  “What happened to the last two trains ?”
Jay asked.

  “One got as far as Elbow Creek,” War-
burton snapped bitterly. “The oxen stam-
peded. It took me a month to get the
wagons back to Nebraska City. Half the
teamsters deserted.”

  “The Sioux get the second?” Jay mur-
mured.

  John Warburton looked at him strangely.
“So I’ve been told,” he said. “Though
the Sioux are supposed to be quiet right
now.”

  Jay Brandon nodded. Time and again
the old ruse had been worked—white men
parading as Indians, and having the red-
men blamed for the catastrophe. Warbur-
ton had not been fooled.

  “You have a crew for this outfit?” he
asked.

  “There are about fifty of the older men
left with me,” John Warburton told him.
“They’ll stick till Excelsior goes under.”
He laughed a little grimly. “If we lose
this Fort Taylor contract, I’m through.
Lamonte already offered to buy me out—
at about a third the value of the company/'
FREIGHTERS, WEST!

He watched Jay’s face thoughtfully. “You
still willing to run the train?” he asked.

“I’d like to meet the men,” Jay said.
“We’ll roll whenever you give the word.”
John Warburton held out his hand.
“Good luck,” he said simply. “You know
what to expect.”

  Out in the yard they saw a group of
men squatting in a half circle over by the
blacksmith shop.

  “You can go back,” Jay said softly.
“We’ll get acquainted.”

  John Warburton called out. “Boys—
meet the new wagon master.” Jay lit a
cigar and then strolled forward. The team-
sters remained seated on the ground. They
were a mixed lot, mostly Missourians, with
a sprinkling of Frenchmen, a few breeds,
and a giant negro. Some of them held
dirty playing cards in their hands, while
the others watched the game.

  Warburton stood by the door as Jay
walked toward his men. None of them got
up. He felt their eyes going over his
clothing—the new beaver he’d purchased
before leaving Denver, the trim black frock
coat, and shining new boots.

   “Well, boys,” said Jay easily, “let’s get
 down to work.”

   The mulatto grinned, revealing a row of
pearly teeth. A French Canuck in a tat-®
tered white coat laughed in a high-pitched
voice.

   The fat man who had been laboring with
the tire rim looked up. Rivulets of sweat
dripped down his face to the ground.

  “One of you boys help the gentleman
with the wheel,” Jay smiled. “The others
can start greasing axles.”

   “We ain’t usin’ dem wagons, boss,” the
big darky grinned. “De wagons are all
down at the pier.”

   Jay nodded. He was standing just above
a big Missourian with tousled blond hair
and hard sneering blue eyes.

   “We’d like to keep the other wagons in
condition,” the new wagon master ex-
plained. “We may be using them shortly.”
He turned his head to look at John War-
burton. The girl was leaning out the win-
dow, watching from the building.
“Everybody up,” Jay said softly.

  The Missourian looked him over from
head to foot and then deliberately spat on
the new boot. The mulatto went into hys-
terical guffaws.

JAY tightened his teeth on the cigar.
Carefully, he placed the beaver on a peg
in the nearby wall. Then, bending down
suddenly, he grasped the Missourian by
the lapels of his coat and yanked him to
his feet. His right fist shot up, catching
the man full on the jaw and knocking him
against the wall.

  He heard John Warburton yell and
then he leaped through the circle of men,
knocking cards and money aside. The
Missourian was trying to straighten himself
out when Jay knocked him back against
the wall again, hitting straight out with
his fists.

  He struck a half-dozen times before the
big teamster slumped to the ground, face
cut and bleeding. It was all over in a
matter of seconds, and the cigar was still
set between the new wagon master’s teeth.

  The French Canuck was scrambling to
his feet, his blacksnake whip in his hand
when Jay let go with his right foot. He’d
learned the French art of fighting from a
Creole muleskinner in Denver.

  His boot caught the Canuck in the stom-
ach as he was lifting the stock of the whip.
As he doubled up, Jay stepped in with a
short punch to the jaw. There was no more
fight in the Frenchman.

   In fact, the fight was over.

  The fat man let out a yell of surprise
which turned to one of pain as he let the
heavy tire fall down on his toes.

  “Get the tar buckets,” Jay said quietly.
“Everybody move.”

  They got up this time, the mulatto
scratching his head and staring at the inert
form of the Missourian. The others gaped
and then grinned.

  “Get me a bucket of water,” Jay told
the fat man. He squatted down beside the
Missourian a moment later and bathed his
face with a wet handkerchief. John War-
burton was still standing by the door watch-
ing him quietly.

  The big blond-haired man opened his
eyes. He sat up and shook his head.

  “What happened?” he asked weakly.

  “You fell,” Jay said.

  The Missourian rubbed his face gin-
gerly. He saw the Canuck a few feet away
on hands and knees, still panting for
breath.

  “Damn,” he whispered. “Frenchy got
it too!” He stared at Jay for a moment.
8	FRONTIER

“What you got inside, mister,” he mumbled,
“a wildcat?”

  “No hard feelings?” Jay said.

  “Nary a one,” the Missourian grinned.
“I’m on your side, mister. Name’s Ma-
lone.”

  Jay shook hands with him and stood up.
He helped the Canuck to his feet and
walked him to a nearby bench.

  “By gar,” the dark-skinned man gasped.

  “When you feel better,” Jay told him,
“you help the other boys.” He walked
back to the office and John War burton
shook his head admiringly.

  “I believe you’ve handled teamsters be-
fore, Mr. Brandon,” he chuckled.

  Jay nodded. It was necessary to meet a
bullwhacker on his own ground, and he’d
learned their way of fighting, adding a few
of his own innovations.

  “The wagons will be leaving in three
days,” Warburton went on. “Try to stay
out of Lamonte’s way while you’re in
Nebraska City, Mr. Brandon.”

  Jay smiled. He looked up at the girl in
the window behind them. “Lamonte had
better stop molesting my men,” he said
slowly, “or I’ll be looking him up myself.”

  Warburton blinked. “I’d advise you to
go armed,” he said.

  Jay swung open the frock coat, reveal-
ing the Colt .45 slung at his side.

  “If you use it as well as your fists,” the
head of Excelsior smiled, “I’ll have no
worries.”

  Jay saw the trim figure of Sam Freeman
standing at the front of the building.

  “Need any night herders?” he asked
Warburton suddenly.

  “We’re short all along the line,” War-
burton explained. “If you can persuade
any men in Nebraska City to work for us,
you’re at liberty to hire them.”

  “I think I have one man,” Jay murmured.
He walked down the runway and stopped in
front of the man in buckskin. Again he
noticed Freeman’s posture, comparing it
with the lounging attitude of the real
frontiersmen. Sam Freeman stood up
straight, shoulders back, head erect. “Look-
ing for work?” Jay asked.

  Freeman shrugged. “With Excelsior?”
he asked.

  “I need a night herder,” Jay told him.
“We’re rolling in three days to Fort Taylor.
Want to come?”

STORIES

  “Why not?” Freeman said promptly.
“Lamonte won’t like it,” Jay grinned.
The grin broadened when he saw the an-
swering smile on Freeman’s lean face.
Freeman was like himself. Both men
relished bucking a big man like Lamonte.

  “I’ll take my chances, mister,” Freeman
stated quietly.

II

THEY walked down to the wharf to
watch the steamers unloading. Two
dozen Excelsior wagons were lined up at
one of the piers as husky roustabouts lifted
boxes and heavy kegs into the Murphys.

  Further along the water’s edge they
spotted a line of Lamonte’s big Studebaker
vehicles, husky Texas steers clanking the
chains.

“He’s a big man in this town,” Freeman
observed. “Started from scratch with two
wagons and pulled himself up to the top,”
“What about Darcy and Simmons ?”
“They supply the cash for Lamonte,”
Freeman told him. “Black Jack is the
kingpin. He makes the wheels go round.”
“Black Jack Lamonte,” Jay murmured.
“Let him alone,” Freeman said, “and
he’ll buy out or force out every small op-
erator like Warburton, and control the
biggest freighting company in the States.”
“He won’t buy out Warburton,” Jay
said. He thought of the girl—the curl of
her lips when he came in. She expected
him to cringe when Jack Lamonte cracked
the whip—crawl away as the others had.

  “John Warburton was rolling freight
wagons in this section when Lamonte was
in short pants,” Freeman pointed out.
“He’ll stick if he can.”

  “He’ll be broke,” Jay said, “if he loses
this Fort Taylor contract. He can burn
his wagons for firewood.”

  Back in town, they had to pass the Em-
peror Saloon to get to the hotel at which
Jay was staying. There was a crowd in
front of the saloon. Jay could see the red
hair of the big bullwhacker he’d licked
earlier in the afternoon.

  A powerful dark-haired man in fiat-
crowned black sombrero stood in the cen-
ter of the crowd, Jay saw only his shoul-
ders and the back of his neck.

  “Lamonte,” Freeman said. “His boys
probably have been complaining*”
FREIGHTERS. WEST!	9

  Jay unbuttoned his coat and walked for-
ward slowly. “It might pay,” he mur-
mured, “to have a little chat with Mr.
Lamonte.”

  He went on, Freeman following.

  They gave him room when he was rec-
ognized. Lamonte turned around, reveal-
ing a bony, heavy-jawed face and piercing
black eyes. His mouth was straight and
large; the chin cloven down the middle.

  The red-headed bullwhacker started to
roar when he saw Jay. His nose was
patched up and there were half a dozen
small cuts on his face. Black Jack Lamonte
stared at the man before him with interest.

  “Mr. Lamonte?” Jay asked easily. He
could read the ruthlessness in the big man’s
cold black eyes. Lamonte was the kind of
man who had to have his own way or die.

  “You the gentleman whipped Flanni-
gan?” Lamonte asked. Jay caught the hint
of humor in his tones. The crowd gath-
ered around closer. Sam Freeman pushed
up at Jay’s side, his right hand on the butt
of the Walker Colt.

  “In the future,” Jay told him, “I take it
as a personal affront when a Lamonte
teamster touches an Excelsior driver.
Flannigan was working over one of War-
burton’s men.”

  Jack Lamonte shoved powerful hands
inside his coat pockets. He rocked on the
balls of his feet.

  “You’re taking quite a deep interest in
Excelsior,” the big man murmured. “A
stranger in Nebraska City v/ould play a
much smarter game by keeping his nose
out of affairs which do not concern him.”

  “I’m the new wagon master at Excel-
sior,” Jay Brandon grinned. “Any man
who touches an Excelsior driver will get
a dose of the same thing Flannigan got.”
He smiled, but there was no humor in
his eyes.

  “No man in the world,” Lamonte stated,
“could do to me what you did to Flanni-

__„ 3f

gan.

  “We’ll let it go at that,” Jay said. “This
much I know. If any man interferes with
Warburton’s next bull outfit, I’m going
after him with guns and not fists.” He
pushed past Black Jack Lamonte and
walked toward the hotel.

  Sam Freeman caught up with him half
way down the block.

  “Don’t look behind,” he whispered.

“Grady’s following you. I’ll cut off and
pick him up at the next corner.”

  Jay nodded grimly. It was problematical
whether Lamonte had sent the bald-headed
man, or whether Grady was acting on his
own interests. Jay had knocked him down
in the fight with the bullwhacker.

  “He’s armed,” Freeman went on. “Keep
your gun handy.” The man in buckskin
turned down the next alley.

  Jay, watching him, saw the man sprint
around the next corner. In a minute he’d
be coming up on Grady from behind. Cross-
ing the road, Jay glanced back out of the
corner of his eye. He caught a glimpse of
a man about thirty yards behind him. An-
other man in a blue-flannel shirt was just
catching up with his pursuer.

  The new Excelsior wagon master reached
inside his coat, lifted the Colt halfway from
the holster and spun the cylinder once. He
had to face two guns now.

  A half block from the hotel, Jay stopped
suddenly and started to walk toward the
two men. He read the surprise in their
faces as they waited for him. The bald-
headed Grady stepped out into the gutter
and the man in the blue flannel shirt hugged
the wall. At the same instant Jay saw
Sam Freeman turn around the corner and
come up behind the two Lamonte men.

  “You boys looking for me?” Jay asked
softly. His coat was swung open and
the gun cleared.

  Grady’s small yellow eyes shifted to the
other man on the walk. One of them was
sure to get him if they both started firing
at once. Jay waited for them to make the
play. He saw Grady settling himself in
the dust of the road.

  Sam Freeman called out, “Grady.”

  The bald-headed man spun around.
Freeman was not more than fifteen yards
behind him, standing feet apart on the
planked sidewalk, a small grin on his face.

  Grady read the pattern and then dug
for his gun. At the same time, the man
in the blue shirt dropped his right hand.
Jay Brandon leaped to the side. He heard
Grady’s gun and then Freeman’s, but he
kept his eyes on the man by the wall.

THE Lamonte teamster was lifting his
weapon from the holster when Jay’s
gun barked. The bullet caromed off the
brick wall behind the lank man. Jay
10	FRONTIER

dropped to the street. He felt the return
slug graze the top of the beaver, tipping
it slightly to the side.

  Freeman’s big Dragoon gun boomed
again. The man in the blue shirt threw
another hasty shot which went wide of the
mark. Jay levelled on him quietly and
squeezed the trigger. The bullet knocked
his man back against the wall. He tried
to straighten up and shoot again.

  Jay Brandon held his third shot as he
watched the dying man trying to raise his
gun for the last time. The effort was use-
less. With a heavy gasping sound, the
man in the blue shirt slid down to the walk.
His head hung on one side.

  “That’s all,” Sam Freeman called from
the corner.

  Jay saw Grady lying on his face in the
dirt. His six-shooter had fallen from his
hand and was lying inches away from his
outstretched fingers. There was a red
streak across Freeman’s cheek where the
bald-headed man’s bullet had touched him.

  The crowd from up the street surged
down toward them as the firing ceased.
Jay Brandon watched Black Jack Lamonte
striding along the walk, coat swinging open.

  “I’ll take anybody else who opens up,”
Freeman called to Jay. The wagon master
nodded. This was the showdown and La-
monte was playing his hand.

  A short stout man suddenly popped out
•f the Big Missouri Saloon and grasped
Lamonte’s arm. Jay saw him remonstrate
with the head of the freighting outfit.

  “That’s Darcy,” Freeman whispered.
“He doesn’t want Lamonte to risk a bullet
in the head.”

  Jack Lamonte tried to break away and
continue down the street, but Darcy clung
to him. A man in calfskin vest rounded
the corner and bore down at them. He
wore a star on his left side.

  “Sheriff Wade,” Freeman said. “The
fight’s over.”

  They saw Lamonte and Darcy go back
into the saloon. Wade looked at the two
bodies and shook his head.

  “Lamonte’s boys,” he murmured. “You
hombres better clear out.”

  “They opened up on us,” Jay told him
quietly. “We’re leaving when we’re ready,
Sheriff.”

  “Your funeral,” Wade grunted.

  Jay stopped in the next morning at the

STORIES

office of Excelsior. Priscilla greeted him
with a nod.

  “I heard about the fight,” she said slowly.
“Please be careful, Mr. Brandon.”

  “Because this load must go through?”
Jay grinned. “Nothing else?”

  “That’s enough,” the girl murmured, but
he saw her face redden slightly. “Inci-
dentally,” she went on, “you’re taking a
passenger through to Fort Taylor.”
“Who?” Jay asked.

  “Me,” she told him.

  Jay laughed. “Not this load,” he stated
flatly. “It’ll be no place for a woman.”
“I’ve gone with bull outfits before,”
Priscilla Warburton said stiffly.

  “Not when I was wagon master,” Jay
grinned. “Forget about it.” He went into
the office and John Warburton shook hands
with him. “Your daughter wants to ride
along with the train,” Jay said. He heard
her come in behind him and stand by the
door.

  The head of the Excelsior Freighting
Company nodded gloomily. “I don’t like
to do it,” he muttered.

  Jay stared. “You mean she’s to go?”
he asked.-,“It’s eight hundred miles to Fort
Taylor—two months on the road!”

  “I can’t go myself,” Mr. Warburton told
him, “and somebody has to sign papers,
renewing the contracts. Priscilla is an of-
ficial of the company.”

  “It’ll be dangerous,” Jay said, “if La-
monte tries to stop us.”

  “I hope I can depend upon you to bring
her safely through,” Warburton replied.
“A cavalry escort will return to Nebraska
City with you so it’ll be safe on the way
back.”

  “There’s no other way?” Jay asked.
“Couldn’t I sign for the company?”

  “They wouldn’t accept your signature,
Mr. Brandon,” Warburton explained.
“Priscilla has handled transactions before.
I can depend upon her to see to the com-
pany’s best interests.” He smiled at his
daughter as he spoke.

  “I promise to stay out of your way, Mr.
Brandon,” Priscilla said acidly.

  “As you will,” Jay told her. He went
out. Sam Freeman listened to the story
with interest.

  “If I know anything about army pro-
cedure,” the man said, “Colonel Bradley
wouldn’t be able to deal with anyone but
FREIGHTERS, WEST!	11

an actual agent or part owner of the com-
pany. If Mr. Warburton can’t go, I
imagine his daughter is the only one who
can negotiate with the Colonel."

  Jay Brandon laughed grimly. “If we
don’t get this load through,” he said,
“there’ll be no contract to renew.”

THEY rolled out of Nebraska City the
next morning at ten o’clock. The thirty
big Murphy wagons rumbled through the
dust, wheels sinking deep into the road,
eight yoke of oxen to each wagon.

  Jay Brandon, riding a taffy-maned geld-
ing, trotted up along the line of wagons.
He’d exchanged the black frock coat for
one of buckskin. A flat-crowned som-
brero took the place of the beaver.

  The thirty Excelsior bullwhackers strode
along beside their wagons cracking the
long blacksnake whips. Sam Freeman
had gone ahead with six other night
herders, driving with them extra stock.

  The cavalcade rolled past the Emperor
Saloon and a crowd came out to watch.
Jay saw Jack Lamonte smoking a long,
black cigar, hands thrust into his vest
pockets. The big freighting man stared
at him as he trotted past on the gelding.
His black eyes flickered slightly as the
lead wagon, with Priscilla Warburton on
the seat, lumbered past.

  The big red-headed bullwhacker stood
with him, his nose encased in bandages.
Another shorter man with a thin face and
long bony nose stood at Lamonte’s left.
He watched Jay steadily as if measuring
him.

  As the wagon master moved his horse
past, Malone, the Excelsior bullwhacker,
motioned to him to come closer.

  “The little man,” Malone grunted, “is
Cole Hartman. We run across him out
on the trail two days afore Tom Malloy
got it.”

  “I thought Malloy was scalped,” Jay
said steadily.

  Malone laughed bitterly. “They wasn’t
Indians,” he snapped. “One of ’em had
a mustache. They run off our stock an’
when Tom went after ’em, he got into a
ambush. He had ten bullets in him an’
his top was gone.”

  “They get the wagons, too?” Jay asked.

  Malone nodded. “When we was chasin’
the stock, another party of ’em came in

behind and burned up all the wagons.”
Jay glanced back at Cole Hartman.
Undoubtedly, Lamonte had used Hartman
the last time to break up the outfit. Hart-
man said something to Lamonte and then
the big man threw away his cigar.

  “He’s quick with a gun, too,” Malone
muttered. “If we meet him on the trail,
Brandon, you better shoot first.”

  “I intend to,” Jay said briefly.

  The bullwhackers broke into the old
“Root Hog or Die” song as they rolled
out of town. Jay listened thoughtfully.
He watched the line of plodding men and
oxen. Frenchy Ledeaux, the mulatto Sam
Carson, the fat man, Tibbs Bragan.
Malone led the singing.

  "I’ll tell you how it is when	—

  You first get on the road.

  You have an awkward team and
  A very heavy load.

  You have to whip and holler, but
  Swear upon the sly.

  You’re in for it then, boys,

  Root hog or die!”

  The last came with a terrific roar, big
Carson’s deep bass sounding above the
others. Jay Brandon rode on ahead to
catch up with Freeman and the stock.
He passed Priscilla’s wagon and tipped
his hat politely. The girl nodded. She
had her own horse tied behind the wagon,
a small white-stockinged black animal.

  Amos Gaunt, company scout and hunter,
rode at the head of the train. Jay moved
up beside him. Gaunt was a small figure
in a bulky buffalo coat. He had drooping
yellow mustaches and keen gray eyes.

  “How far do we get tonight?” Jay
asked. “I’ve never been in this country.”
Gaunt shrugged. “We kin make fifteen
mile,” he figured, “or maybe twenty, de-
pendin’ upon the mood o’ these damned
animals.” He paused and spat into the
dust of the road. “That’ll take us up to
Arrowhead Creek.”

  “Think we’ll hit any trouble with the
Sioux?” Jay went on.

  “Ain’t no Sioux this side o’ the Rose-
bud,” Gaunt told him. “They’re mostly
over near the mountains this time o’ year
cuttin’ lodge poles.” He looked at Jay
steadily. “It ain’t the red devils I’m
12	FRONTIER

worryin’ about,” he observed, “it’s the
white ones.”

  “We’ll handle them,” Jay said grimly.

  Gaunt stared straight ahead. “Three
days along Arrowhead Creek an’ Big Paint
River, we hit long grass.”

  “Long grass?” Jay murmured.

  “It burns,” Gaunt said flatly. “Burns
like hell.”

  Jay Brandon looked at his horse’s ears.
“Thanks, Amos,” he said quietly. “I’ll
bear it in mind.”

  “I ain’t aimin’ to fry myself,” Gaunt
told him.

Ill

THEY camped that night on the other
side of Arrowhead Creek, a shallow,
weedy stretch of water about thirty yards
across. Sam Freeman stood at the big
fire before going out with the other night
herders.

  Jay walked over to him. Amos Gaunt
was drinking coffee from a big tin cup
a few feet away. The company cook
was making enormous quantities of beans
and bacon.

  Looking from Gaunt to Freeman, Jay
couldn’t help but notice the difference.
Gaunt was the typical frontiersman, slouch-
ing, slow of speech, slurring his words.
Freeman, even as he ate, stood erect. He
didn’t gulp his food like the others.

  “I’m putting you in charge of the night
herders,” Jay said. “We’ll be keeping most
of the stock inside the enclosure at night,
but we won’t be able to accommodate the
extra animals.”

  Instinctively, Freeman stiffened as Jay
gave him the orders. The wagon master
paused beside Gaunt as Freeman went
away into the night.

  “Ever lun across Freeman before?” he
asked.

  “Never seen him,” Gaunt said indif-
ferently. He wiped his hands on the black-
ened buckskin leggins.

  Jay made his round of the corral. The
wagons were drawn up in the shape of a
huge horseshoe, the front wheels of each
vehicle chained to the rear wheels of the
Murphy in front of it, tongues turned
inward. The most ferocious Texas steer
on the trail would have a difficult time
breaking out of the enclosure.

STORIES

  Moving through the darkness, he heard
Priscilla Warburton’s voice calling him
from the wagon. He went over.

  “Keeping the oxen inside tonight?” she
asked.

  “Tonight,” Jay said, “and every night.”
It was the custom to let them out to graze
at the end of the day’s haul and drive
them into the enclosure early the next
morning for yoking.

  “When do they graze?” Priscilla asked
curiously.

  “We start an hour later each morning,”
the wagon master explained. “We can
run them outside the corral and keep a
close watch on them in the daylight.” He
realized that if Lamonte struck at them,
it would be through the animals first.
With the oxen stampeded, the wagons
would be stalled on the trail.

  “You seem to know your business,”
Miss Warburton said grudgingly. “I give
you credit for it.”

  “Thank you, ma’am,” Jay grinned.
“I’ve had lots of experience.” He touched
his hat and went on. He’d met women
in the silver towns in Colorado and fur-
ther west on the coast, but none like
Priscilla Warburton. She was efficient
and she stood up to him.

  Arrowhead Creek emptied into the Big
Paint River. There was a fording place
which all the bull outfits took when head-
ing into the Sioux country. It was at
the first bend of the Big Paint where the
river was only about two hundred feet
across and the bottom sandy and firm.

  Jay saw the tall grass waving on the
other side of the river. He looked at
Amos Gaunt and the scout rubbed his jaw
with a grimy hand. That night Jay rode
back along the river’s edge for several
miles with Sam Freeman.

  “I don’t think they’ll strike this early,”
Freeman stated. “We’re still too close to
Nebraska City.”

  “I’m curious,” Jay muttered. “If some-
one’s on my tail I like to know who it is.”

  It was a clear moonlit night and they
saw nothing. Amos Gaunt met them as
they were coming back.

  “We’re only about fifty miles from
Nebraska City,” the scout said. “That
ain’t a far ride for men who want to come
badly enough. They kin set home and light
out whenever they’re ready.”
FREIGHTERS, WEST!	13

  Jay Brandon nodded. It was logical
enough. If Lamonte wanted to come after
them, he could start out in the morning
and pick them up whenever he wished.

  Starting at four o’clock the next morn-
ing, they pushed on for eight miles through
the tall grass coming up to the tops of the
wagon wheels. Jay stared at the dry,
brown fields stretching along the river.
He chose his campsite carefully that night,
selecting a gradual slope thirty yards up
from the river.

  When the wagons were rolled into the
corral and the oxen unyoked, big Malone
slipped his chains from the wagon and
prepared to fasten his wheels.

  Jay called to him sharply. “No chains
tonight, Malone.”

  The bull whacker blinked. “No chains ?”
he asked.

  “Pass the word down the line,” Jay
told him. “None of the wagons are to
be chained.”

  Priscilla Warburton heard the command
and she climbed down from Tibbs
Bragan’s wagon.

  “Aren’t you getting a bit careless, Mr.
Brandon?” she asked quietly. “I realize
we are not in danger so close to Nebraska
City, but—”

  “Your father hired me as wagon mas-
ter,” Jay told her flatly. “I’m giving the
orders.” He saw her lips tighten and he
grinned as she strode down toward the
river.

  Sam Freeman, sitting astride his blue
roan, watched complacently as the en-
closure was made. All the wagons were
rolled into the usual horseshoe, but the
wheels were not chained.

  “Take your stock along the river’s edge,”
Jay called to the night herder. “Keep
them close to the water. You’ll know
what to do if anything happens.”

  Freeman smiled. “You afraid of this
grass, Brandon?” he asked.

  “Yes,” Jay told him. “I don’t like it.”
He set a double guard that night before
turning in. Priscilla Warburton came up
as he was eating at the big fire.

“I still think it’s foolish,” she snapped.
“The men will be acquiring lax habits.”
Jay drank his coffee with relish. “Let
me worry about their habits,” he chuckled.

  Two hours before dawn, one of the
guards shot off his gun.

JAY leaped from under the wagon. In
the darkness he bumped into Amos
Gaunt.

  “It’ll be gettin’ hot,” the scout muttered,
“like I thought.”

  “The wind blowing toward us?” Jay
asked grimly. Out beyond the enclosure,
about a hundred yards distant, he saw
bright spots of moving light. Here and
there new lights were springing up as if by
magic, forming a giant half-circle around
the wagon enclosure.

  Gaunt sniffed loudly and then swore
under his breath. “They were waitin’
all night till the breeze shifted this way,”
he said. “That grass will go up like tinder.
Git yore wagons rollin’, mister.”

  Jay raced to the two smoldering fires
in the center of the corral. Picking up
huge armfuls of dried grass he’d stored
there the previous night, he threw them
on the fire. Immediately, the enclosure
was lit up. Stumbling men rolling out
from beneath the wagons, blinked at the
ring of fire sweeping toward them from
the prairie.

  “Drive the stock into the river!” Jay
shouted. A dozen men complied with his
order. From up the river they heard a
few shots and faint yells. Jay Brandon
smiled. Sam Freeman was undoubtedly
doing the same thing with his animals.

  “You’ll have to git them wagons out o’
here,” Gaunt called.

  Jay nodded. He saw Priscilla Warbur-
ton running toward him in the firelight.
The remaining bull whackers waited for
the next order.

  “Turn your wagons around!” Jay yelled.
“Head them toward the river.” The roar-
ing ring of fire was now only seventy-five
yards away. They could feel the heat.
Burning embers dropped around them as
they worked.

  A half-dozen men grasped the wheels of
a wagon and turned it about so the Murphy
faced the river.

  “Get a man on the seat,” Jay shouted.
“Brake it as it rolls.”

  The bullwhackers got the implication.
All the Murphys were standing on a slight
incline and it required but a little push
to start them rolling toward the river of
their own volition.

  Another wagon and then another was
whirled around and sent rumbling down
14	FRONTIER

the grade. Jay Brandon watched the fire
sweeping toward them. He caught a
glimpse of riders behind the flames, but
was unable to discern whether they were
white men or Indians.

  “We better be ready fer ’em,” Gaunt
called, “when this fire gits down to the
water. They’ll try to rush us.”

  More than half the wagons were al-
ready rolling into the water. The others
got clear when the fire was still thirty
yards away. Jay raced after the last one.
He saw the girl just ahead of him. She
stumbled as she ran.

THE riders behind the fire were now
shooting through the flames and Jay
heard the bullets whistle past him. Amos
Gaunt stopped to return the fire while Jay
ran ahead to pick up the girl.

  She was gasping for breath as he lifted
her from the ground and ran toward the
water. All the wagons were safely in the
river with the bawling oxen scrambling
around between them.

  Jay plunged knee-deep into the river and
waded out to the nearest wagon. He set
the girl down on the seat and then called
to the bullwhackers.

  Malone was the first one to reach him.
“Line the men up along the river,” Jay
ordered. “If they try to break through,
we’ll give them all they asked for.”
“Ledeaux’s wagon went over,” Malone
informed him. “I reckon all the others got
down in good shape.”

  Jay nodded. He saw the Frenchman’s
wagon lying at the edge of the river,
Ledeaux having jumped clear when it
tilted. They had saved twenty-nine out
of the thirty wagons, and it was possible
the flames never would reach Ledeaux’s
Murphy as the grass was short and the
earth marshy at the river’s edge.

  “Here they come!” Amos Gaunt yelled.
“Give it to ’em, boys!”

  The bullwhackers were stretched out
along the bank, rifles ready. There were
about forty or fifty men behind the flames.
Jay could see them more clearly now.
They were white men. He thought he
caught a glimpse of the small wiry Cole
Hartman, Lamonte’s right-hand man, but
he wasn’t sure.

  The teamsters opened fire as the attack-
ers came up behind the flames. Jay saw

STORIES

a half dozen saddles emptied. Men
screamed in the smoke and flames.

  The fire rolled up through the shorter
grass near the water anti the smoke choked
and blinded them.

  Coughing and gasping for breath, Jay
turned his face away for a moment. Two
riders were driving through the fire when
he faced around again. He shot twice
at the nearer man and saw him slip from
the saddle and drop, screaming, into the
burned embers.

  The second rider spurred directly at
him, gun cracking. Jay felt one slug go
through his shirt. He shot quickly and the
horse stumbled to its knees, shooting the
rider over its head.

  Big Denny Malone grabbed the man
as he hit the grass. Jay saw him pick
up the rider and rush him into the water.
He heard the man’s gurgling gasp. When
Malone came back, he was alone.

  “I reckon they’re runnin’,” Amos Gaunt
called.

  Flames were beginning to lick at
Ledeaux’s wagon when Jay gave the order
to save it. Three bullwhackers tore the
burning canvas from the load and beat
out the flames with wet blankets.

  A rider hammered down along the river
and came toward them.

  “Don’t fire!” he yelled. It was Sam
Freeman. He grinned when he saw the
wagons and the oxen out in the water.

  “Where are your animals?” Jay asked.

  “All safe,” Freeman chuckled, “but a
little wet.”

  Jay waded out to the wagon in which
Priscilla Warburton was crouching. The
prairie fire was sputtering out as it reached
the stretch of marsh along the river, but
the acrid smoke still hung over them. The
girl coughed several times before speaking.

  “It was very clever,” she said quietly.
“I want to apologize, Mr. Brandon.”

  “No need,” Jay told her. “This is my
business. I’m taking these wagons through
to Fort Taylor if I have to go by way of
Hell itself.”

  “You think Lamonte was behind the
raid?” Priscilla asked.

  “We won’t know till morning,” Jay ex-
plained. “A number of the men were hit
and we might be able to identify some of
Lamonte’s teamsters.”

  “Did we lose anything?” Priscilla asked.
FREIGHTERS, WEST!	15

  “One wagon slightly scorched,” Jay
grinned, “and a few bullet wounds—noth-
ing serious.”

  “They won’t stop at this,” Miss Warbur-
ton murmured. “Lamonte will strike
again.”

  “We’ll be ready for him/’ Jay said
quietly. “I’m hoping the next time he
comes in person.”

  They found eight bodies in the morn-
ing, lying in the charred remains of the
fire. Malone immediately identified two
of them as Lamonte’s bullwhackers. The
others were strangers.

  Double yokes of oxen were hitched to
the wagons and they were drawn out on
the bank of the Big Paint river. An hour
after dawn the cavalcade was rolling again.

IV

THREE days later they turned north
from the Big Paint and struck out
over the trackless plain. Amos Gaunt
shot buffalo and kept the crew well sup-
plied with fresh meat. Each night Jay
Brandon rode back along the trail watch-
ing for signs of Lamonte’s men, but they
seemed to have disappeared.

  “They’ll be back,” Gaunt muttered. “I
used to work with Lamonte’s outfit. He
don’t give up till he’s dead.”

  Jay Brandon stared toward the north
and the west. They still had hundreds of
miles of trail ahead of them, and Lamonte
would have plenty of opportunities to strike
again.

  Week after week they moved up the
trail, fording the Elk, the Smoky and then
the Sand, pushing toward the Rosebud.
Time and again the Excelsior wagons
threatened to give way. Axles and wheels
snapped as they cut across dry plain. They
had to stop for two days in a hickory
grove to replenish the spare axles which
had all been used up.

  Tire irons loosened as the wheels shrunk,
and they had to be burned on again, con-
suming valuable time while the train
stopped. Three hundred miles from Fort
Taylor they ran across a war party of
Arapahoes in from the mountain country.

  Amos Gaunt spotted the wide trail and
pulled up suddenly. Jay Brandon rode
up beside him. The trail was very fresh
—not more than a few hours’ old.

  The scout dismounted and picked up a
tuft of feather. He grimaced. “Reckon
there must be two hundred of ’em,” he
mumbled. “Arapahoes.”

  “They’re not fighting the whites,” Jay
said.

  Gaunt laughed softly. “Nobody kin ever
tell when an Indian is fightin’ or not fightin'.
This party probably came after Cheyenne
horses, but I’m hopin’ we don’t strike
’em ourselves.”

  “You think they’ll attack us?” Jay
wanted to know.

  Gaunt shrugged. “There’s a lot o’ stuff
in these wagons they’d like to have,” he
said, “and there’s alius a lot o’ young bucks
on these war parties who don’t give a
hoot who they fight as long as they fight.”
“They’re heading south,” Jay murmured.
“We might never see them.”

  “But they’ll see us,” Gaunt grinned.
“Never fear. One o’ their hunters will
strike our trail and they’ll foller to see
who we are.”

  The Arapahoes discovered them late the
next afternoon. Jay spotted them at a
distance of a half mile—a long column of
riders moving along the rim of a hill.

  “Git ’em circlin,” Gaunt growled. “Don’t
take any chances, Brandon.”

  Jay was already giving the orders, and
the train wheeled into a compact circle,
wagon tongues inside. The bullwhackers
were chaining the wheels when the Arapa-
hoes tore down at them.

  “Don’t anybody fire,” Jay shouted, “till
I give the word.”

  “They ain’t attackin’,” Gaunt muttered,
“when they do, you won’t see ’em cornin’.”
He paused. “It’ll do good, though, to
show ’em we’re ready to fight. It teaches
’em a little respect.”

  There were about two hundred in the
party which raced down the hill, shouting
shrilly, and firing guns into the air. Jay
saw that Priscilla Warburton was safe out
of sight inside the wagon. He waited with
Gaunt and Freeman as the war party came
to a halt a hundred yards away.

  “Reckon they want to talk,” Gaunt said.
“Better give ’em a few bags o’ flour, Bran-
don.”

  Jay watched with interest the sinewy
hawk-eyed men from the mountain coun-
try. He’d had experiences with the shorter,
ferocious Apaches to the south. The
16	FRONTIER STORIES

Arapahoes were different—a tall, hand-
some, sharp-nosed people, resplendent in
gaudy war clothes, brightly painted shields
and lances: spotted Indian ponies painted
with the same material the men daubed
on their faces.

  A half dozen of them rode forward
slowly, hands upraised. Jay heard Amos
Gaunt swear behind him.

  “Too many young bucks,” the scout
stated flatly. “I don’t like it, Brandon.”
He walked out with the wagon master
as Jay climbed between two of the wagons
and waited for the chiefs.

  Gaunt spoke to them in the sign lan-
guage.

  “Red men want to greet white brothers,”
Gaunt grinned. “Think o’ that!”

  “Ask them what they want,” Jay said
tersely.

  “Presents,” Gaunt growled. “What
else?”

  Jay saw the Arapahoe leaders staring at
the wagons. He called back to Malone
inside the enclosure. “Bring out three bags
of flour, a sack of sugar and a drum of
molasses.”

  Two of the teamsters helped carry the
goods out and place it on the ground.

  “More,” Gaunt growled. “They say it
ain’t enough.”

  “Tell them the wagons are going to
the white soldiers on the Rosebud,” Jay
snapped. “We can’t give them any more.”

  The Arapahoe chieftains listened to
Gaunt gravely. Three of them were older
men and they spoke rapidly to the younger
element. Jay Brandon waited till they
were finished.

  “Tell them to take what they got,” he
said to Gaunt, “or we’ll have the soldiers
chase them back to the mountains.”

  The scout chuckled. “That’s the lan-
guage they understand, mister,” he said
softly.

  The Arapahoes finally picked up the
merchandise and rode back with it. Jay
watched the entire group whirl away
toward the south. He breathed more
freely.

  “It was close enough,” Gaunt said.
“Them young bucks ain’t satisfied, but
the big chiefs told ’em to take what was
given ’em.”

  “You think they’ll come back?” Jay
asked.

  “Not unless someone brings ’em,"

Gaunt said sagely.

  Jay nodded in understanding.

THEY camped that night on the spot
and got away to an early start in
the morning. At noon they crossed the
Buffalo Creek and made eight miles before
stopping at Painted Rock.

  Constantly, Jay Brandon rode back
during the day to watch for white or red
riders. Lamonte should have struck a
long way back, but he didn’t. Day after day
they waited for the attack which never
came.

  “Maybe,” Sam Freeman advised, “he’s
given it up. They know we can fight off
a good-sized body of men.”

  “He’s waiting,” Priscilla murmured.
“When he comes it’ll be with a good chance
of success.”

  Jay Brandon looked at the girl closely.
She had held her own with the men from
the start and had never complained. Her
face was tanned from the sun and her
eyes were bright. Often now, she rode
with him as he trotted his horse ahead of
the train.

  “It means a lot to you,” Jay told her,
“to get this outfit through.”

  Priscilla Warburton laughed. ,fAs a
child,” she said quietly, “I remember my
father driving a single broken-down wagon.
He’s built up Excelsior and I’d hate to see
it go down.”

  Jay called a halt at three o’clock that
afternoon to give the oxen a little extra
rest. The animals were losing weight and
they were still several days out of Fort
Taylor.

  As the thirty Murphys started to cir-
cle, Amos Gaunt rode up to the wagon
master and tapped him on the shoulder.

  “I reckon we ought to take a little ride,
Brandon,” the scout said softly.

  Jay looked at him quickly. Gaunt’s face
was grim and sober.

  “I seen smoke,” Gaunt grunted. “It’s
gone now, but I figger we ought to have
a look.”

  Jay looked around for Sam Freeman to
give him his orders with the herd, but the
night rider wasn’t in sight. He’d probably
gone on ahead with his stock to look for
better grazing land.

  “Let’s go,” Jay said. He saw Priscilla
FREIGHTERS, WEST!	17

watching him from the wagon as he rode
off. She waved a hand.

  “How far off!” Jay asked.

  “Maybe five miles,” Gaunt replied. “It
could be a hunting party of Arapahoes, or
it could be somebody else.”

  They were riding toward the south and
the west—the direction the Arapahoes had
taken when they left. Gaunt had little to
say on the way. He pointed again after
they’d ridden about three miles.

  “Reckon you’ll have to look close to see
it,” the scout muttered. “They’re burnin’
dry wood an’ it don’t smoke.”

  Jay Brandon saw the thin trailer of
white smoke scarcely discernible against
the late afternoon sky.

  “We’ll ride careful,” Gaunt told him.

  They had to recross Buffalo Creek and
follow the stream a half mile before Gaunt
called a halt. He dismounted and tied his
mount to a willow growing along the bank.

  “I figger we’ll find ’em on the other
side o’ this grove,” the scout muttered.
“We’ll crawl up on ’em, Brandon/’

  They pushed their way through the
thicket for nearly a quarter of a mile.
Through the trees, Jay could see other
trailers of smoke, indicating a rather large
encampment.

  Gaunt stopped as the grove thinned out.
They could see moving figures ahead of
them.

  “Indians!” Jay murmured.

  “Not all of ’em,” Gaunt scowled. They
lay on their faces in the grass and peered
between the branches. “Looks like a
meetin’ goin’ on,” the scout said. “There’s
Lamonte.”

  “Lamonte?” Jay Brandon tightened. He
saw the big man talking with the Arapahoe
chiefs through an interpreter. The red-
headed Flannigan was with him on one
side, and the small Cole Hartman on the
other. There were about fifty white men
in a group, watching furtively.

  “It’s the same war party we run across,”
Gaunt whispered.

  “What’s Lamonte saying?” Jay asked
tightly. They were using the sign language
and even at the distance Gaunt could make
out most of the talk.

  “He’s askin’ the Arapahoes to join
him in an attack on the train,” Gaunt
mumbled. “When a man goes that far—”

2—Frontier Stories—Fall

  Jay Brandon laughed coldly. “Lamonte
won’t stop at anything,” he said. “He’s
probably been following us all along, wait-
ing for a break like this. He was afraid
to attack with only fifty men. If he gets
the Arapahoes to work with him, they’ll
outnumber us four or five to one.”

  Gaunt laughed suddenly. “Some o’ them
chiefs ain’t failin’ for his stuff,” he said.
“They don’t want the white soldiers after
’em.”

  Another man who had been standing on
the side suddenly joined in the conversa-
tion. He was holding a’horse by the bridle
—a blue roan, Jay Brandon stiffened.

  “Damn I” Amos Gaunt whispered. The
scout’s mouth opened in surprise. He half
lifted himself from the ground and Jay
had to pull him down.

  A party of young bucks pushed a group
of ponies down toward the water. They
were coming perilously close.

  “We’d better git,” Gaunt muttered.
Jay Brandon took another close look
at the man with the blue roan horse. He
was wearing buckskins. Then they
crawled back through the grove. Neither
man spoke till they were up on their feet
and trotting toward the place where they’d
left the horses.

  “You recognize him, too?” Jay asked
quietly. “I wasn’t seeing things?”

  “It was Freeman,” the scout snarled.
“I’d know him. He was no more a scout
than I’m a senator.”

JAY climbed on his horse slowly. “I
don’t understand it,” he said. “Free-
man saved my life in Nebraska City. He
was working with me against Lamonte.
Now he’s on Lamonte’s side.”

  “He’s a queer one,” Gaunt told him.
“He never had much to say. Maybe La-
monte had him on the payroll all along
an’ he was spyin’ on us.” The scout paused.
“He might have got Lamonte an’ the
Arapahoes together.”

  “If they come,” Jay said flatly, “they’ll
be coming tonight or in the morning.”
“We’ll have to give ’em a nice welcome,”
Amos Gaunt grinned.

  Jay rode along in silence. It was a
little difficult trying to reconcile Sam, Free-
man’s conduct. He’d looked upon Free-
man as his friend—a man who had stood
with him in a gun fight in the streets of
18	FRONTIER STORIES

Nebraska City. The Freeman who was
leading a band of Indians against white
men was a different character.

“If he comes in tonight,” Gaunt said,
“you’d better put him in irons, Brandon.”
“I don’t think he’ll be in,” Jay told him.
Back at the corral, he summoned Malone
and the other teamsters and told them the
news.

  “We can expect an Indian attack any
time,” Jay finished, “from now till morn-
ing.” He paused. “Black Jack Lamonte
will probably be leading it.”

  Priscilla Warburton heard the last part
of it and Jay saw her mouth tighten.

  “So he’s using Indians ?” she asked when
the bullwhackers had dispersed.

  “The Arapahoes,” Jay said. “Gaunt
thinks he’ll be able to swing over a lot of
the young bucks from the war party.
They want to fight.”

  “Can we get a man through to the fort
for aid?” the girl asked.

  Jay nodded. “I’m sending Gaunt out
tonight. He’s picking out a fast animal
now.”

  An hour later he shook hands with the
scout and watched him ride out into the
twilight. He called Malone and Frenchy
Ledeaux.

  “How many barrels of oil have we in the
cargo?” he asked.

  Malone scratched his mop of hair.
“Maybe five,” he said.

  “Unload it,” Jay told him. “Quick.”
“Oil?” Ledeaux muttered. “Why,
monsieur?”

  “Get it out,” Jay snapped. No man
slept that night when the fires went out.
Even Priscilla Warburton sat on the wagon
seat with Jay Brandon listening for the
slightest sound.

  “I thought Indians didn’t attack at
night,” she said once.

  “Lamonte is leading this attack,” Jay
said. “He’s no respecter of time.”

  It was after midnight that one of the
guards came in with the news that a party
on horseback was approaching.
“Everything set?” Jay asked.

  “We're ready,” the bullwhacker whis-
pered.

  “Get inside the wagon,” Jay told the
girl. “Shoot at the first face you see
coming in.”

Priscilla Warburton smiled in the dark-

ness. “I’ve used a gun before,” she said
quietly.

  Jay climbed down and made a quick
round of the corral. Every man was in his
place, a number of them lying on top of the
wagon loads ready to fire at the first charge.

  Malone popped out of the darkness.
“They’re cornin’,” he said hoarsely. “I
saw ’em dismount in the valley on the
other side o’ the ridge. They’re cornin’ on
foot.”

  “Tell the men to start the fires when
I shoot,” Jay ordered. Malone raced away
again.

THE wagon master waited a few
minutes and then lifted his gun and
squeezed the trigger. The report echoed
through the night. Immediately a half
dozen small fires sprang up about thirty
yards distant from the wagon corral.

  With incredible speed, the fires leaped
along the ground like great snakes. In a
moment the different fires had joined,
forming a giant ring around the en-
closure.

  Jay Brandon smiled coldly. Just behind
the fire he could see the figures of advanc-
ing men.

  “Start firing,” he called sharply. Rifles
opened up on either side of him. He heard
the screams and the high-pitched Arapahoe
yell. Malone trotted up breathlessly.

  “That oil did it, Brandon!” he called
gleefully. “There ain’t nobody cornin’
through there.”

  Jay crouched down behind the barricade
of boxes they’d erected underneath each
wagon. He fired at the flitting figures
beyond the wall of flame. Fortunately,
they had corraled the wagons on an open
plain with patches of short buffalo grass
here and there. He’d had the men pour the
oil on the bare ground so the fire wouldn’t
spread back to the wagons. It was work-
ing out to perfection.

  “If we can hold them off till morning,”
the wagon master said grimly, “we’ll be
all right. Gaunt will be on his way back
with a troop from the fort.”

  Lamonte’s crew and the Arapahoes were
creeping up close behind the flames and
firing through into the enclosure. Two of
the Excelsior teamsters were hit, but not
badly. Jay had them carried into one of
the wagons.
FREIGHTERS, WEST!	19

  Through a section where the fire was
low, a half dozen white men suddenly
appeared, driving toward the wagons.
Malone, and the fat man, Bragan, crouched
on the ground and opened fire on them.
Three went down. Another stumbled
forward on hands and knees, while the
remaining two broke and fled back through
the fire.

  “That’ll hold ’em,” Malone roared.
"Come again, you damned renegades.”

  Another man suddenly leaped through
the flames. He was dressed in buckskin.
Holding up his hands, he raced forward
yelling at the top of his voice.

 Jay Brandon stared at him. “Don’t
fire!” he cried.

  A half-dozen shots from the other side
of the fire followed the running man. He
dove over the barricade and sprawled on
the ground inside the corral. It was Amos
Gaunt.

  Jay Brandon helped the man to his feet.
Gaunt had a bullet wound in the right
arm and the blood was dripping from his
fingers. He stared at the wagon master
ruefully and then shook his head.

  “What happened?” Jay asked.

  “Party o’ Arapahoes chased me,” Gaunt
explained. “My horse stepped in a gopher
hole and went down with a broken leg. I
crawled through the grass and got away.”
He stared at the ground. “Was no use
try in’ to git to Fort Taylor on foot,” he
finished. “I thought I’d come back an’ try
it ag’in.”

  Jay shook his head. “You couldn’t get
through now,” he said quietly. “They’re
all around us.”

  “I kin make a try,” the scout told him
stubbornly. “Damn those gophers!”

  “We’ll need every man who can shoot a
gun,” Jay Brandon said. “You’d better
stay, Gaunt.” He paused. “See anything
of Freeman out there ?” he asked suddenly.

  Gaunt laughed coldly. “I reckon he’ll
keep himself well hidden,” the scout
snapped. “But he might try to sneak in
here an’ try some more o’ his tricks.”

  Jay saw to Gaunt’s wound.

  There was a lull in the firing and Jay
crawled behind the barricade toward Ma-
lone. He heard Priscilla Warburton’s
voice at his elbow.

  “You should stay in the wagon,” he
told her sternly.

  “I thought I might like to get a few
shots at them,” she murmured. “Do you
mind ?”

  “No,” Jay grinned. “Good hunting.”
He was about to pass on when she said:

  “Was it Gaunt who came back?”

  Jay blinked. “His horse fell,” he said
slowly. “He came back for another.”

  “But he won’t get through, will he,
Brandon?” she asked quietly.

  There was a moment of silence. “No,”
Jay said truthfully. “I’m not going to
risk him again.”

 “How many men has Lamonte with
him?” Priscilla asked calmly.

  Jay shrugged. “Possibly a hundred and
fifty or two hundred,” he said. “We’ll hold
them off.” Already, he noted the flames
were dying down as the oil in the ground
was consumed. It would probably last till
morning, but after that they would have
to think of something else.

  “Four to one,” Miss Warburton said.
“I wish you luck, Mr. Brandon.”

  Jay looked at her steadily. “You have
a pistol?” he asked. She was carrying a
Springfield rifle in her hand.

  She took from her dress a small black
derringer.

  “Keep one bullet in it all the time,”
Jay said.

  “Lamonte’s a white man,” Priscilla War-
burton murmured.

  “Not out here,” Jay told her. “He’s
redder than those Arapahoes.” He’d seen
Lamonte’s face once as the big man led
a party of his teamsters around the far
side of the corral. Black Jack Lamonte
was in his element fighting with the red
men. “If we’re wiped out,” Jay concluded,
“it’ll be blamed on the Arapahoes. La-
monte won’t want any survivors.”

THE false dawn came up as the fire
flickered out on the prairie. The forty-
five Excelsior teamsters crouched behind
the barricade and peered into the semi-
darkness.

  Jay heard Lamonte calling to some of
his men. “Get ready for a charge!” Jay
yelled.

  Gaunt shook his head. “He’d be a fool
to try it on foot now,” the scout ex-
plained. “They’ll go back for their
horses.”

  Jay Brandon watched the red come into
20	FRONTIER STORIES

the sky. He could make out the dark
figures out on the prairie.

  “I’m ready to go ag’in,” Gaunt said
softly.

  Jay hesitated. “I don’t like to send a
man out to die,” he objected.

  “We’ll be dyin’ 'either way,” Gaunt
chuckled, “an’ if I git through, there’s a
chance fer all of us.”

  Jay stared at Priscilla Warburton crouch-
ing behind a wall of boxes several yards
away.

  “All right, Gaunt,” he said softly. “Pick
out your horse.”

  The scout slipped away. He came back
a few minutes later and pressed Jay’s
hand.

  “Good luck,” the wagon master mur-
mured.

  “I figger to git through this time,” Gaunt
said grimly. “With any luck, I’ll get back
afore nightfall. Hold ’em off, Brandon.”

  Jay nodded. It was a long time till
nightfall. He watched Gaunt slip into the
saddle and then he knocked a few of the
boxes down. The scout leaped his mount
through the gap and shot out of the corral.

  Jay listened to the drive of hoof beats.
He watched Gaunt as he rode through a
gap between the dark figures on the prairie.
There were a half dozen shots and then
Amos Gaunt’s high-pitched yell. Jay wasn’t
sure whether it was caused by pain or
elation at getting through. After that,
the silence.

  Lamonte came back with the first rays
of the sun. Jay watched the line of riders
trotting down from the nearby slope. With
two hundred men at his command, Lamonte
intended to ride right over the fortifica-
tions. Once inside, the rest would be
easy.

 “Get ready,” Jay called. He heard
Priscilla Warburton’s gun hammer click.
She smiled at him and he saw the black
derringer within reach of her hand.

  The first wave of riders hit them with
terrific impact. Wisely, Lamonte had per-
mitted the Arapahoes to ride in the fore,
and the anxious young bucks rode to within
twenty-five yards of the enclosure before
the deadly fire of the teamsters halted
them. Dozens were strewn on the ground,
screaming amongst the kicking animals.

 Behind the Arapahoes came Lamonte
and Cole Hartman, riding together, with

the fifty bullwhackers behind them. Some
of them came through the corral, driving
over the opening of the horseshoe which
had been barricaded with cases of food-
stuffs.

  Jay Brandon raced toward the spot. He
was almost knocked down by Hartman’s
horse—a big black gelding. Hartman’s
gun flamed in his hand and Jay felt the
impact of the bullet in his left shoulder.
He shot twice with his six-shooter and the
gelding galloped in among the bawling cat-
tle, riderless.

  Malone, Ledeaux and Bragan were at
the gap, swinging the stocks of their rifles
as a dozen Lamonte teamsters tried to
come through. Jay saw Malone pick up
one man bodily and hurl him through the
air. Lamonte himself was only a dozen
yards away, calling for the Arapahoes to
come on again.

  Jay flashed a shot at him but missed.
A score of Excelsior men raced down from
the other end of the corral, firing as they
came. The battle at the breached section
ended suddenly.

  Frenchy Ledeaux leaped over the barri-
cade, a long Green River knife in his
hand. Jay saw it gleam in the early morn-
ing sun as the French Canuck landed on
the back of a retreating Lamonte bull-
whacker.

  Ledeaux’s right arm rose and fell twice.
There was blood on the long blade when
the Frenchman came back. A man with a
mop of bushy red hair lay on his face, the
back of his dirty white shirt staining red.
It was Flannigan.

  “Hold your fire,” Jay called. Lamonte
and his men were retreating rapidly. They
pulled up out of rifle range.

  Malone sat down on the ground and
wiped the sweat from his face. He looked
at Jay Brandon and grinned. Ledeaux
calmly wiped his knife on the leg of his
pants.

  “I reckon that’ll hold ’em for a spell,”
Malone chuckled.

  “They’ll be back,” Jay murmured. He
sat down beside Priscilla Warburton. The
girl’s face was stained with gun powder.

  “It was pretty close, Jay,” she said.

  The wagon master nodded. Three of
his teamsters were dead and another eight
wounded. They wouldn’t be as strong for
the next charge.
FREIGHTERS, WEST!	21

  Out on the plain, Lamonte was having a
conference with the Arapahoe chiefs.

  “Them Injuns like to talk,” Malone
grinned. “I hope they talk all mornin’.”

IT was another hour and a half before
Lamonte could get his men lined up
for another drive. Jay Brandon glanced
up at the sun. It was still two hours be-
fore noon and Amos Gaunt wouldn’t be
able to get back before nightfall—if he
got back at all!

  “Whatever happens after this charge,”
Priscilla Warburton broke in on his
thoughts, “I’ll know one thing, Jay.”

  “What’s that,” Brandon asked curiously.
He felt the blood sliding down his arm.

  “You’re a man,” she said softly.

  Jay grinned. “And you’re a woman,”
he said. “A woman I’d like to see more
of if we ever get out of here.”

  “If that were the only reason,” Miss
Warburton told him calmly. “I hope we
make it.”

  Then Lamonte was coming again, the
Arapahoes on the left and the white team-
sters on the right—a long line of them,
spreading out thinly as they kicked their
mounts into a fast gallop.

  In another moment they were moving at
top speed, aiming again for the open end
of the horseshoe. Jay Brandon crouched
behind the barricade and fired steadily.
He watched Lamonte, fired, and missed
again. Directly behind the big man’s
shoulder, he thought he saw a movement
up on the ridge.

  Then the Arapahoes were down on them,
screaming shrilly, driving their painted
ponies straight for the gap. Jay emptied
his six-shooter into a mob of them, knock-

ing down four. He whipped another gun
from his belt and then sprang over to
where Priscilla Warburton was standing.

  They were coming through now, kicking
over the boxes and cases. The remaining
Excelsior teamsters were all down at the
breach, firing at the Arapahoes, dragging
them from the saddles.

  Lamonte himself hurdled the wall,
charging his big chestnut animal straight
at Jay Brandon. The Excelsior wagon
master waited for him. He fired one shot
at an Arapahoe with a lance, running for
him. The Indian went down.

  Lamonte had his gun out, his face was
twisted, more devilish than that of the
Indians. Tibbs Bragan leaped for the
big man’s bridle and tried to stop the horse.

  Jay shot a bullet into the animal’s chest,
and the chestnut stumbled forward a few
yards from him. Lamonte leaped clear
of the saddle, landing like a cat on his feet.
His gun was directed at the Excelsior
wagon master when Jay squeezed the trig-
ger.

  The slug knocked Lamonte’s gun arm
down, the Colt falling to the ground. The
big man scooped it up with his left hand
and came in again on the run. The Colt
barked and Jay felt the bullet slam into
the wagon behind him. He shot, aiming
for Lamonte’s wide waist.

  The bullet stopped Lamonte for a mo-
ment but he came on again like a great
grizzly bear, reaching forward to hug
his man. Jay squeezed the trigger and
the hammer fell on an empty cylinder.

  Lamonte piled on top of him, driving
him to the ground. Then quite suddenly,
the big man grew limp. Jay rolled him off.
He saw death staring out of Lamonte’s

★ ★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

★	THE NIGHTS ARE LONG ...	★

★	FOR THE BOYS IN CAMP, ON THE FRONT, AND	★

★	ON THE SEAS ...	^

And so are many days. Share your pleasure in	^

       FRONTIER by sending your copy to someone you
'k	know in the service, or give it to your local USO!	^

★	SHARE FOR VICTORY!	+

★	★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★
22

FRONTIER STORIES

eyes. The hilt of a knife protruded from
the big man’s back as he lay on his face.
Priscilla Warburton stood a few feet away,
face white and terror-stricken.

  Jay leaped forward and wrenched the
Colt from Lamonte’s fingers. He turned
it on the men stiM coming through the
gap. Directly behind them he saw a line
of blue-coated riders. He heard Malone
yelling insanely.

  “Troopers!” the bullwhacker was roar-
ing.

  Amos Gaunt rode at the head of the
column of blue-clad men. Another man
rode with him. Jay Brandon stared. It
was Sam Freeman!

  The Arapahoes heard the shots behind
them and continued riding toward the far
end of the corral. They broke through be-
tween two of the wagons and fled across the
plains.

 Amos Gaunt threw himself from his
horse and raced toward Jay Brandon.
Lamonte’s teamsters were trying to get
away, but the troopers rounded them up
quickly.

  Jay sat down on a box, Lamonte’s gun
still in his hand. The fight was over.

  “You all right, Brandon?” Gaunt yelled.

  Jay grinned. He saw Priscilla War-
burton still staring at the body of Black
Jack Lamonte.

  “You got back quick,” he said to the
scout.

 “Met Freeman cornin’ up with the
cavalry,” Gaunt explained. “He rode all
night to git to the fort.”

 Sam Freeman dismounted and strode
toward him. “Permit me to explain a few
things, Jay,” he said quietly. “Gaunt says
you were a little disappointed.”

  “He ain’t no renegade,” Gaunt chuckled.
“Tell him, Freeman.”

  “The name’s not Freeman,” the man in
buckskin smiled. “I’m Captain Charles
McNeil of the Third Cavalry, United
States Army.”

  “West Point man?” Jay asked.

  McNeil nodded. “Colonel Taylor sent
me to Nebraska City to investigate the
trouble. I’ll have a report for him when
I get back which will ruin the firm of La-
monte, Darcy and Simmons.”

  “He was down at that conference with

 the Arapahoes,” Gaunt went on, “tryin’ to
 get ’em to keep out o’ the fight. The older
 Arapahoe chiefs knew him from the fort.
 That’s why they stayed out o’ the fight.
 The young bucks weren’t so smart.”
 “Lamonte tried to detain" me,” Captain
 McNeil smiled, “but I had a fast horse and
 I broke away from them. I’m glad you
 held them off as long as you did, Brandon.”
 Jay Brandon looked at Priscilla War-
 burton. “I’m kind of glad myself,” he
 murmured. He walked over to the girl
 and then took her up toward the other end
 of the corral.

   “It won’t do any good looking at him,”
 he said quietly. “Lamonte deserved it.”

   “I killed him,” Priscilla Warburton
 ^whispered.

   “He was dying,” Jay told her, “with a
 bullet through his stomach. Your knife
 helped him out of his misery. Think of
 it that way.”

   “It helps,” the girl admitted. They
 walked on in silence. Three men came
 toward them, one was limping.

   “We can start rollin’,” Malone said, “in
 about three hours, Jay.”

   Jay Brandon nodded. “Push it along,”
 he said quietly.

   Tibbs Bragan and Frenchy Ledeaux
 stared at the two as they walked past.

    “I figger,” Bragan wheezed, “that there’ll
 be another partner in the firm of Excelsior
 afore long.”

   Ledeaux bobbed his head emphatically,
 his white teeth glistening. “Oui, oui,” the
 Frenchman chuckled.

   Jay Brandon looked down at the girl.
 “I’m not asking to be your father’s part-
 ner,” he said slowly, “but I would like to
 be yours.”

   “Maybe we can arrange it,” Priscilla
 Warburton smiled bravely.

   “I’ll count on it,” Jay grinned. “The
 answer is ‘yes ?’ ”

    “It couldn’t be ‘no,’ ” Priscilla whispered.
 Jay Brandon called after Malone. “We
 start in two hours,” he shouted. Malone
 scratched his head.

   “What’s the rush, boss?” he asked.

   “I’m hoping there’s a chaplain at the
 fort,”. Jay Brandon told him.

   “Oh,” Malone nodded. Then his eyes
 opened. “Oh!” he said again.
One of the young men held a tin cup. Walking Wolf coolly drew hit knife.

THE WOOING OF BAPTISTE

 By MARK HOWE

  Never was there a stranger courtship than that of Baptiste Doriot,
  pauper of the beaver streams. Utes had taken his partner, his traps and
  his pelts, and there was no credit at the fur men’s Rendezvous.

BAPTISTE DORIOT rode into the
Rendezvous at Brown’s Hole at the
tail of Kit Carson’s outfit with bitter-
ness in his soul. To be sure, he was glad
to be there, as well he might be. Meeting

old friends who ranged the beaver streams
from the Gila to the Yellowstone would be
pleasant, but in spite of that he chewed the
bitter cud of disappointment.

  The size of Baptiste’s pack of beaver

23
24

FRONTIER STORIES

pelts was the cause of it all. Never before
in his years of independent trapping had
he appeared at Rendezvous with so little
to show for his work. He knew it wasn’t
his fault, but nevertheless his soul was
steeped in bitterness.

  Too little beaver and too much Indian
accounted for his state of mind. The fall
before, he and his partner, Lafe Stevens,
made a bad guess as to trapping grounds.
The streams at the headwaters of the North
Platte where they first set their traps
yielded only a few pelts. Then, with the
season half gone, they traveled fifty miles
south to the upper Colorado. Here beaver
were plentiful enough to glut the avarice
of the most greedy man in the business.
They built a small cabin in happy haste
and settled themselves down to reap a rich
harvest. But there was something else in
that region besides beaver. Ute Indians,
who fiercely resented the white man’s inva-
sion of their hunting grounds, were there
also.

  About noon one day when Baptiste was
out doing double duty on the trap line
they attacked the cabin where Lafe was
laid up with a badly sprained ankle. He
fought them off as long as he could, but
soon went under. On his way home about
dusk Baptiste heard the singing of the
triumphant Indians, knew what it meant,
and fled westward along the river. On the
way he picked up half a dozen traps, all
he dared to try to save.

  For two days and night he rode without
a halt except for a few minutes at a time
to let his jaded pack-mule drink and graze.
After a week’s hard travel he reached the
junction of the Colorado and Gunnison
rivers, where he found Kit Carson, Lucien
Maxwell, and a dozen others snugly cabined
for the winter. With typical trapper hos-
pitality they took him in, gave him food and
shelter, and let him set his traps on the
streams they were working.

  The company of old friends was pleasant
and the trapping good, but the season was
nearly over. Already his hosts were talking
about going to Rendezvous at Brown’s
Hole. By dint of much labor and a little
help from his sympathetic friends Baptiste
got all the pelts his mule could carry in
addition to his own weight, but that was
all. Compared to the catch the others had
made, these were nothing. They would be

in real money when they arrived at Ren-
dezvous but he would have barely enough
for a few additional traps, powder and
lead, tobacco, and a little whiskey, which
would have to be stretched to the farthest
endurable limit by the addition of plain
water.

  Enfant de garce—how he hated diluted
whiskey!

  Although burning with thirst, he wisely
postponed gratifying it until he had pro-
vided the necessities of his trade. Half a
dozen traps, powder, lead, and tobacco cost
so much he had to throw in his mule. By
dint of much wheedling he managed to
persuade trader William Bent to add a
gallon jug of watery whiskey, providing
he would bring the jug back when it was
empty.

  F'orlorn and more bitter than ever, he
sought the outskirts of the Rendezvous and
built himself a shabby little wickiup, and
buried his outfit beneath it. His first im-
pulse was to empty the jug down his throat
in the shortest possible time. That, he
knew from past experience, was the surest
means of forgetting his troubles and dis-
appointments for a few hours. His better,
wiser self, however, sternly interposed the
remainder that there would positively be
no more when that was gone. That caused
him to institute a rigid system of rationing.

  Next morning he set out to find a part-
ner to take the place of Lafe Stevens; whose
scalp was now being carefully dried in a
Ute lodge. The kind of man he sought
would probably be hard to find. One with
plenty of cash or credit with William Bent,
horses and pack-mules, and a generous dis-
position was needed. If he failed to find
this man the only alternative was to hire
himself out to some bourgeois like Thomas
Fitzpatrick or Ewing Young.

  Kit Carson was the first man he ap-
proached on the subject. “We-e-1-1, now
Baptiste,” drawled Kit, in his soft Ken-
tucky voice, “I’m plumb sorry, but I
reckon you’re too late. My party’s already
made up. Soon as we’re through tradin’
we’re lightin’ out for the Yellowstone.”

  For three days Baptiste diligently inter-
viewed everybody he knew and some he
didn’t, with only an occasional nip from the
jug to bolster up his courage. What he
feared became a stark reality. Nobody
wanted to throw in with him and make up
THE WOOING

the deficiencies in his outfit. Late in the
afternoon of the third day of fruitless effort
he crawled into his wickiup, flung himself
upon his blankets, and growled out his
disgust.

  “Sacre enfants des garees!” he fumed.
“Utes grande rascal. Pouf! I take his top-
knot when once more we meet. Just like
zat!”

  When his rage had burned itself down
to a puny, helpless resentment against
everything and everybody, he crawled out-
side and sat down upon the ground beside
the entrance. Now he noticed things in
the vicinity had changed since morning.
A band of Arapaho Indians had come in
and pitched their lodges a hundred yards
or so away near a creek bank. Although
these particular savages had always been
friendly to white men, he was now in no
mood to remember that or give them credit
for it.

  “All Indian grande rascal!” he muttered,
as he watched them going quietly about
their business.

  Presntly he saw his friend, old Six
Feathers, sitting cross-legged beside the
door of his lodge. “Sacre!” growled Bap-
tiste, “he grand rascal too, but I go talk
wit him anyhow.”

SIX FEATHERS was glad to see him
and made him sit down upon the ground
for a pow-wow. For some time they sat
there talking in a desultory fashion about
the price of beaver, tobacco, whiskey, and
how stingy William Bent was. Presently a
young squaw walked past on her way to
the creek with a tin kettle in her hand.

  “'Enfant de garceI” rumbled Baptiste
softly, his black beard bristling with excite-
ment. “What is her name?”

  Six Feathers chuckled understandingly.
He well knew the ways of men, especially
mountain men. “Unami,” he replied.
“Daughter of Eagle Head.”

  Baptiste spoke quickly.

  “Married?”

  The old Indian knew this would be the
next question. “No,” said he sourly. “Won’t
look at Arapaho warrior.”

  Bidding his friend a somewhat hasty and
unceremonious goodbye, Baptiste casually
sauntered down toward the creek. Six
Feathers watched him for a moment, an
amused expression in his crafty old eyes,

OF BAPTISTE	25

then grunted sarcastically, got up and went
inside his lodge.

  At the creek Baptiste found Unami sit-
ting upon a stone peering at her face as
mirrored in the water. Boldly sitting down
beside her, he also looked at the image.
“You are ze prettiest squaw I ever saw,”
he remarked in a mixture of French and
bad Arapaho.

  Unami’s only reply was a delighted

giggle-	,

  Thus encouraged, Baptiste pursued his
line of thought. “You make ze lodge
warm,” he complimented.

  “Does Black Beard think so?” she coyly
inquired.

  “Certainment,” was the enthusiastic re-
ply. “You make ze robe soft with little
fingers. Ze lodge you keep for your man
will be warm and clean.”

  Unami dipped her kettle into the water,
rose to her feet, and made as if to go.

 “You come back in ze morning?”
pleaded Baptiste.

  The girl made no reply, but laughed
self consciously, and walked up the bank.

  At the top she stopped to look back over
her shoulder with eyes which set the trap-
per’s soul aflame, “In ze morning? At
evening, at zis time?” He no longer in-
vited. He implored.

  Unami’s eyes dreamily caressed his fig-
ure for an instant. “In the morning. When
the sun peeps over the mountain I come
here for water. If Black Beard is on hand
Unami can’t help it if he looks at her.”

  For the first time since the Utes rubbed
out Lafe Stevens, Baptiste was his usual
gay, carefree self. As he walked toward
the center of the Rendezvous where Wil-
liam Bent’s tent stood he hummed a gay
chanson to himself. While he sang he
revolved matters swiftly in his mind.

  Never before had he been inclined to
take a squaw into his lodge. Now his
volatile, impulsive nature responded to
every glance, movement, and line of the
Indian girl’s body. With him an impulse
was usually a brief prelude to action. He
had looked upon Unami, found her de-
lectable, and that ended the matter. He
would have her for his wife.

  To his great satisfaction he found Wil-
liam Bent in his tent alone. “Monsieur
Bent,” he said, with simple directness,
“the Utes kill my partner and steal ze furs.
26

FRONTIER STORIES

I	ride and ride. My mule nearly drop.
Then one day, voila, there is Kit Carson.
He take poor Baptiste in and show him
where to set ze trap. Catch a few beaver—
bring heem in and trade wit you. Got plenty
powder, lead, and tobac but no horse. It
ees long way to trap country. Baptiste feet
get tired. Will Monsieur Bent let him have
two horse and two mules on ze credit ’til
next Rendezvous?”

  William Bent’s- kindly eyes twinkled
humorously. “I’ve heard at least twenty
other stories of that kind,” he said.
“There’s Tom Wheeler, Jack Smith, and a
whole passel of others in the same fix.
They say they’re broke too.”

  Baptiste’s heart turned to lead in his
bosom. “But Monsieur Bent,” he ex-
claimed, “you have let Baptiste have ze
credit before and lost nozzing. He pay his
debts like a bourgeois

  “I stake nobody except married men,”
explained Bent. “So you see that lets you
out.”

  Baptiste’s eyes narrowed. “You give
Baptiste ze credit if he had ze squaw to
keep his lodge?” he inquired.

  William Bent slid headlong into a trap
of whose existence he knew nothing. Yes,”
he chuckled. “If you had a squaw you
could have two horses and a couple of pack-
mules.”

   Baptiste leaped into the air, landed along-
side the trader, seized him in a bear-like
hug and planted a kiss upon either cheek.

  “Sacre," he crowed. “You are one
grande bourgeois

  As the happy French-Canadian walked
out of the tent Bent flung another word
after him. “Remember now,” he warned,
“no squaw, no horse.”

  "‘Out,” laughed Baptiste. “I onnerstand.”
Next morning he met Unami at the usual
place on the creek, where it took a long
time to fill the kettle with water. They
met in the same place again late in the
afternoon, and that night they sat upon
the ground near the creek bank under
Baptiste’s blanket for a long time. Thus
matters went for ten days. Then he de-
cided it was time to bring matters to an
issue. Back to William Bent he went.

  “One horse now,” he pleaded, “ze ozzer
and ze mules when I am ready to go to
trap country.”

  The trader was adamant. No wife, no

horse. Poor Baptiste was. in a bad fix.
Since savage etiquette demanded a price
for Unami, he had to do something. With
William Bent in his present mood there was
nothing to do except to go on a hunt, al-
though pelts were not at their best at that
season. That night he dug up his outfit,
made it into a pack, and was off at dawn the
next day.

  For almost a month he hunted and
trapped with feverish energy. When he
was ready to go back to the Rendezvous he
cached his outfit, shouldered his pelts, and
set out. On the night after his arrival he
carried his bundle of second-rate pelts to
Eagle Head’s lodge, placed them just in-
side the entrance, then crossed to the far
side and sat down beside Unami.

  As Eagle Head undid the bundle and
critically examine its contents the young
people watched him eagerly. Baptiste
found Unami’s hand and held it tight. If
the offering of pelts was satisfactory Eagle
Head would throw his buffalo robe over
their heads and they would be man and
wife. If it were not, he would throw the
bundle outside.

  To the young people it seemed that Eagle
Head would never complete his inspection.
They scarcely breathed as they waited.
Presently he rose, uttered a deep grunt of
dissatisfaction, and kicked the bundle
through the doorway. The young people’s
hands slowly untwined and Baptiste rose
to go.

  “Courage, my little one,” he murmured,
“I hunt some more.”

  Eagle Head turned his back upon the
suitor as he walked across the lodge. Out-
side Baptiste met Walking Wolf, Unami’s
brother. “My father is not pleased?” in-
quired the young warrior, as he watched
Baptiste gather up his pelts.

  “Sacre !” growled Baptiste. “He ees vair
mooch angry.”

  “More pelts will help,” suggested Walk-
ing Wolf. He had always been fond of
the French-Canadian.

  “That is what I onnerstand,” dryly com-
mented Baptiste, as he walked disconso-
lately away,

NEXT morning long before dawn Bap-
tiste was on his way back to his
cache. Bitter indeed were his thoughts
now, for before he could collect another
THE WOOING

lot of pelts and return William Bent might
go back to his fort on the Arkansas River.
Or the Arapahos might take it into their
heads to move. If either happened his
chance of winning Unami would be gone
for another year at least, if not altogether.

  Still in a bitter frame of mind, he reached
his cache, dug up his outfit, and began to
set his traps again. The stream he had
chosen for operations led back into a nar-
row, thickly wooded gorge he had never
visited before. While making his rounds
one morning nearly a mpnth later he went
farther than usual. In a little nook he
found a lodge containing a green buffalo
head, six tin kettles, an equal number of
blankets and a pile of perhaps three dozen
green beaver pelts. From the poles hung
a variety of articles, including a large red
pipe, several bows and quivers of arrows,
half a dozen flint hatchets, and a like num-
ber of round bull-hide shields.

  A single glance sufficed to identify the
place as a medicine lodge erected by
Arapaho young men who were out to win
the right to be called warriors. The ar-
ticles were offerings, and the lodge, to-
gether with all it contained, was held sacred.
The penalty for disturbing it in any fashion
was death.

  Baptiste gazed upon the contents of the
lodge with something more than curiosity.
Here were riches far greater than any he
might hope to secure in the short time re-
maining to him. Apparently, no one was
near, and the young men to whom it be-
longed might not return for days. Why
not—?

  Baptiste’s waywlard meditations were
rudely interrupted by a hand upon his
shoulder. Leaping to one side, he whipped
out his knife and whirled to face whoever
the owner of it might be. To his astonish-
ment he found himself looking into the
smiling face of Walking Wolf.

  “Black Beard is very nervous,” re-
marked the Indian lad. “He also rises
early.”

  Baptiste sheathed his knife and advanced
with outstretched hand. “Oui,” he replied.
“I rise early because I sleep in a lonely
lodge. If I had your sister for ze wife I
would not have to go out before ze sun
comes up.”

  Walking Wolf gravely took the out-
stretched hand. A moment later half a

OF BAPTISTE	27

dozen other young Arapahos entered the
lodge and shook hands with him. He could
also hear the voices of others outside.

  “What brings the young Arapahos into
ze mountains?” inquired Baptiste.

  “We have vowed to the Great Spirit that
we will be men and warriors,” explained
Walking Wolf, “but our hatchets have not
yet been raised against an enemy. The
cowardly Blackfeet are dogs. They hide
in their holes. We cannot go home until
we have sprinkled our blankets with the
blood of an enemy.”

  Baptiste understood all this, but did not
like the sound of it. He well knew that
young men bent upon such a mission were
not averse to straining a few points in one
way or another. For the moment they
were friendly enough, but he was white, and
they wanted to go home.

  “Come with us,” invited Walking Wolf,
“and share our poor lodge. It is not far
off.”

  Baptiste was reluctant to accept the in-
vitation, but there was no way to avoid it.
To decline would give offense. Seeing their
apparent mood he had no wish to injure
their feelings. Since there was nothing
else to do he followed his hosts, whom he
found to be about twenty in number, to their
camp farther up the gorge. Upon arriv-
ing there they sat about roasting a deer
some of them had brought in.

  During the remainder of the day they
lounged about camp. Baptiste thought of
his traps, but there was no way of escap-
ing his hosts without causing trouble.
Along in the afternoon he noticed that
something was wrong. Many whispered
conversations were held by the young men
and an air of hositility pervaded the place.
When he could bear it no longer he ap-
proached Walking Wolf, who sat apart
from the others upon a log.

  “Why have ze hearts of ze Arapahos
grown cold toward me?” he inquired.

  “They are far from home, and their vows
are unfulfilled,” replied Walking Wolf
bluntly. “Your skin is white. Therefore
you are an enemy. They say we should kill
you, sprinkle your blood upon our blankets
and go back.”

  Poor Baptiste was paralyzed with horror
at this. “But ze Arapahos are my friends,”
he protested. “Surely zey would not think
of such a thing.”
28	FRONTIER

  “I have spoken,” said Walking Wolf.
Baptiste swiftly revolved the situation in
his mind. His rifle lay upon the opposite
side of the camp. Between him and it sat
the young men. Strategy, therefore, was
his only reliance.

  “Look, Walking Wolf,” said he softly.
“My heart is heavy because ze Araphahos
have not stained their blankets. Let me
help zem. If zey kill me zey will fulfill ze
vow, but zey will kill a brother who loves
zem. Zat is not good. Let me give a bit
of my blood zat zey may go home and
find wives. I will take Unami and every-
body will be happy.”

  Walking Wolf sat as though he had not
heard, while the others put their heads
close together. Suddenly they rose,
whipped out their knives and walked to-
ward Baptiste. The French-Canadian,
knowing the dread moment had come,
seized his knife with a determination to
fight to the last.

WALKING WOLF also rose to his
feet. “Brothers!” he shouted. “Wait
a moment. Hear me! The Arapahos are
brave, but a cloud has come between them
and the sun. We cannot find the Blackfeet
and there are no scalps in our medicine
lodge. Today the Great Spirit is kind.
He sent us a white man, a friend, who is
the suitor for Unami. If you kill him she
will weep, and all Arapaho maidens will
weep with her. They will be so angry with
us we cannot find wives. The old men will
laugh at us and say we were afraid to trail
an enemy and lifted our hands against a
friend.”

  “But our vow?” cried one of the young
men. “We cannot go home without
sprinkling the blood of an enemy upon our
blankets. Here is one. Let us kill him
and be off.”

  A chorus of assenting howls was raised
at this. Once more they started forward.

  “Wait!” commanded Walking Wolf. “I
have not forgotten our vow. If you will
listen to me we can fulfill it and all go
home with light hearts. Black Beard is
very full of blood. He can easily spare
enough to stain all our blankets. When
that is done we will go home.”

  After a moment’s silence the young men
burst into a gabble of talk. Presntly they
all put their knives away and one of them

 STORIES

stepped forward. “It is good,” said he.
“We will do as you say.”

  Preparations for instantly putting the
project into effect were made. One of the
young men ran for a tin cup while Bap-
tiste heroically bared his left arm. Walk-
ing Wolf coolly pinched up the skin some
three inches below the elbow and deftly
drew his razor-edged knife across it. From
an inch-long wound the blood spurted
freely into the tin cup.

  When the vessel was two-thirds full
Walking Wolf motioned them away. Bap-
tiste placed a wad of tobacco upon the
wound and bound it with a strip of soft
deer-skin. Then they tenderly led him to
the medicine lodge where they made him
a bed of buffalo robes. The young men
spent the remainder of the afternoon in
making preparations for a celebration.

  That night the young braves danced the
age-old ceremony to honor the shedding
of the blood of an enemy for the first time.
About the hour of midnight they com-
pleted it and sought their beds, exhausted
in body but exalted in mind. Next morn-
ing they were astir at an early hour, mak-
ing preparations to return home. Baptiste
watched them with a feeling of loneliness
in his heart. After all, now that the mat-
ter of his being an enemy was settled, he
regretted to see them go. It would be
very lonely without them.

  Just before setting out for home the
young warriors held a low-voiced con-
versation. When they were through they
went away toward the medicine lodge, lead-
ing one of the horses. After about an
hour’s absence they returned with the lodge
and its contents upon the animal’s back.
Taking it to where Baptiste sat dejectedly
upon a log, Walking Wolf spoke for all of
them.

  “Black Beard has been very good to us
and our hearts are warm toward him,”
said he. “We beg him to accept this horse
and what is upon his back as proof of our
love for him.”

  Baptiste was dazzled, for this gift repre-
sented more wealth than the results of a
whole season’s trapping on the best stream
in the mountains. Now he could go back
to the Rendezvous and claim Unami. “My
brothers are generous,” he said. "If zey
will wait for me to gather up ze traps I
will go home wit zem.”
THE WOOING

  For the remainder of the day everybody
worked diligently getting Baptiste’s outfit
together. When night came on they set
guards about the camp, rolled up in blankets,
and slept like wolverines. When they set
out for home the next morning his heart
sang with joy every time he thought about
the riches upon the back of his newly ac-
quired horse.

  When he arrived at the Rendezvous he
was made still happier by learning that
both William Bent and the Arapahos were
still there. That night he tethered his
horse outside Eagle Head’s lodge, went in-
side and sat down beside Unami. In due
course of time, which seemed long to the
lovers, Eagle Head leisurely got to his feet
and went outside to inspect the animal.

  For fully three-quarters of an hour he
viewed the animal from every angle. Dur-
ing this time Baptiste and Unami leaned
heavily against each other with fingers
interlocked. To them it seemed he never
would return to announce his decision.
They grew numb and ceased to think.
Time, the world of events—everything
seemed to fade into a blur.

OF BAPTISTE	29

  Unami’s eyes glowed with hope.

  When Eagle Head reappeared he seemed
unreal to Baptiste—a phantom moving in
a tenuous fog. With slow, dignified tread,
his arms crossed upon his bosom, he crossed
the lodge and stood directly over them. For
a moment he stood there like some lofty,
cloud-crested mountain peak. Then with
unhurried movement he unfolded his arms
and extended them benignly over the young
people.

   “It is good, my children,” he said, in deep
tones. “May the Great Spirit watch over
your lodge.”

  Having said this he removed his robe
from his shoulders, swung it out upon the
air, and allowed it to settle upon their heads
like a gentle benediction. As the soft,
caressing folds shut the lovers into a world
entirely their own, Eagle Head quitted the
lodge, lowered the flap at the entrance, and
securely fastened it. With a feeling of
joyous contentment in his heart, which
must have been akin to that which filled the
Great Spirit after he brought the first man
.and woman together, he untied the horse
and led it away.

"We’re scrimping on Paper for Jim!”

 Corporal JIM’S family knows
 that the food he eats, the am-
 munition he uses, the blood plasma
 and medical suppliesN which may
 save his life come to him in perfect
 condition because they are pro-
 tected by paper and paperboard.
 That’s why they take every possible
 means of USING LESS PAPER.
 From Jim’s mother who helps the
 local storekeepers save paper by
 carrying her own market basket and
 never requesting useless wrapping
 for her purchases, to Jim’s kid
 brother who borrows and lends
 books, papers, and magazines with
 all his friends—the whole family is

joining with all the other patriotic
Americans from coast to coast who
have vowed to save a million pounds
of paper for the war effort!

• • •

AH the magazines in America, added together> USE only
5% of the nation1s paper supply. Yet> out of this com*
paratively small amount, they are SAVING 450 million
pounds this year and RELEASING it for vital war needs

This advertisement, contributed to the war effort by this magazine, was prepared by the War
Advertising Council in cooperation with the War Production Board and the Office of War Information
CATTLE
KATE

By JEROME PARKER

A Frontier
Outlaw Feature

Only the owlhoot brotherhood knew
that pretty Ella Watson’s lonely cabin
was the clearing house for a rustler
crew,

VELVET-BLACK NIGHT softly
smothered Sweetwater Valley, a
thousand stars flashed their glittering
points all across the heavens and off the
plain there came the sharp, sweet smell of
sage, heavy in this thin air.

  Lamplight, butter-yellow, spilled out of
the windows of a single lonely cabin set in
the middle of the prairie. A woman came
out of this cabin, backed against its wall,
waiting. She carried a Winchester. The
sound she had heard grew—the low thun-
der of a fast-traveling herd of cattle. Pres-
ently the bunched cattle, mostly calves,
drifted into the yard, held in a tight circle
by three riders. One of them moved for-
ward, calling, “Ella?”

  The woman spoke with authority. “It’s
all right, Luke. Have your boys put the
stuff in the corral. They can brand ’em in
the morning.”

  The man Luke dropped a few short sen-
tences to his riders, whereupon they circled
the cabin, driving the cattle ahead of them,
into the corral back of the cabin. After-
ward Luke came to Ella Watson. He was
chuckling at some secret joke: he did not
get down. “Some of Durbin’s stuff,” he
said. Then, “Jim up at the store?”, and
receiving the woman’s answer explained,
“Want to talk with him. Be down in the
mornin’,” and moved off with his riders.

  Before she went into the cabin Ella
Watson took a turn around the corral,
smiling to herself as she viewed, by lantern
light, the wealth represented here under the
soft, silky coats of the young calves.

  This was the Sweetwater Valley, Wyom-

30

Ella drew her gun. “I’ll kill the man who
opens that gate J”

ing Territory, in the spring of 1889. Ella
Watson and Jim Averell were partners in
one of the most audacious and ingenious
rustling schemes ever fostered on the range.

  Jim Averell, clever and completely un-
scrupulous, kept a store, post office and
saloon in the valley. He was also a sage-
brush politician, representing the little
ranchers and homesteaders in their fight
against the cattle barons—men he termed
“land sharks.” Privately Averell had no
true sentiment in the matter. He stood
ready to profit whichever way the decision
should fall. It might be that the cattle
kings would pay well to rid themselves of
such a trouble-maker. Or, and with each
day Averell thought this the more likely
turn, the small stockmen would gain power
granting him a high position as a leader
of their faction.

  Ella Watson was Averell’s cover-up in
the rustling game with which he marked
time. A pretty and warm-hearted and
reckless woman of the frontier cow-
towns, she had drifted to a Cheyenne
dance hall where Averell met her in his
search for a woman to aid his plan. Averell
could be agreeable and entertaining; he
had a cloak of charm and culture that
captured Ella.

  Back to the Sweetwater came Ella to
set up a “hog ranch” in the valley. She
took cows in payment if money was lack-
ing and in its easy tolerance the cow coun-
try of Wyoming gave her the cognomen
of Cattle Kate. It was afterward to
have a sinister meaning.

  For Ella’s corral served as a clearing
house for the rustlers on Jim Averell’s
payroll. The stolen stock was mixed with
that taken in trade and though the en-
closure was always filled with twenty to
fifty animals bearing various brands no
suspicion was attached to the fact since
the manner in which Ella conducted her
business was well known. She had no
competition for fifty miles around and
the country held a large population of
salty cowhands. There were times when
she had one or two girls to assist in the
entertainment. Occasional shooting scrapes
arose but Ella was handy enough with
a six-gun to show her rambunctious cus-
tomers that she meant business.

ELLA WATSON rose early to watch
the branding. She dressed quickly.
Standing before her mirror, she was
pleased with what she saw there. She
was a pretty and disturbing woman, deep-
bosomed and broad-hipped.

  It was when she was buckling on her
six-gun, pondering her need for it, that
her old doubts came back. That the val-
ley was becoming suspicious she knew. As
she dashed over the prairie in her shiny
new buggy, dressed in gay silks of the
latest Eastern fashion, or atop her fine
blooded saddle horse, she could not help
but observe the dark looks of her neigh-
bors; the sullen muttering of the hard-
worked men, the jealous and hostile

Hank Wheeler allowed himself a chuckle.

MBetter start shootm’!™

glances of the women. At the time she
flouted them with a toss of her head but
later, alone, she was not so sure of her-
self.

   This reverie was cut short by the clip-
clop announcement of riders coming into
the yard. She gave a final pat to her
hair, smoothed her long skirt and went
to the door, expecting to see Jim Averell
and Luke and his men. There was a lift
to the anticipation but she was disap-
pointed.

  She found the riders, four of them,
sitting their horses by the corral, sliding
their glances in and out among the bawling
animals. These were Hank Wheeler, fore-
man for John Durbin, and three hands;
they were grim and deeply angry.

   Hank Wheeler declared, “Ella, our calf
herd was raided last night an’ we have

31
32	FRONTIER STORIES

reason to think the stock was driven here.
Whut you know about it?”

  Ella Watson maintained her tough
calm. The six-gun was a reassuring
weight on her hip. She answered. “I
know nothing about it. These are my
cattle and this is my land. You’re tres-
passin’. Clear out!”

  Hank Wheeler grinned without humor.
“We have put up with you long enough,
Ella. It is time for the cattlemen in this
valley to act!”

  Then he seemed angry with himself for
having said too much. He made an im-
patient gesture, said to one of his hands,
“Open up thet gate, Ben. We’ll drive
this stuff home with us.”

  Ella Watson’s command halted the man
before he left the saddle. Her voice was
just loud enough to be heard and there was
a quality in it that made all these men
stare at her as though they had seen her
for the first time.

  “I’ll kill the man who touches that gate!”
Hank Wheeler allowed himself a chuckle.
“Never mind, Ben. I’ll tend to it my-
self.”

  He got down slowly, stretched when he
was on the ground, commenced rolling a
cigarette, letting the lapse of time play
on the woman’s nerves. He touched a
match to the brown quirly, regarded the
first stream of smoke thoughtfully, drawled,
“Better start shootin’, Ella,” and walked
with deliberately slow steps toward the
corral gate.

  When his hand was on the rawhide
strips that held the gate shut Ella Watson
murmured, “You’re a fool, Hank!” and
drew her gun without haste and fired,
hitting the foreman in the shoulder, which
was her intention.

  The heavy bullet knocked Hank Wheeler
backward, spilling him in the dust. He
rose to his knees, clutching at his shoul-
der, cursing. Pain twisted his face. The
other three punchers fought their fright-
ened horses around the yard.

  “Damn you. Ella, damn you!”

  Wheeler said it over and over, unable
to think of anything else. Ella Watson
exclaimed, watching his men, “Get on your
horse, Hank, and get out of here. Maybe
next time I won’t feel so charitable!”
One of the hands helped Wheeler to
mount. He pulled his horse around, fling-

ing at Ella Watson a look of pure hatred,
crying out, “A woman like you deserves
no pity. An’ you will get none when the
time comes!”

  Then they were gone in a skittering
cloud of dust.

  Reaction seized Ella Watson, turned her
faint and weak, made the gun a dead weight
in her hand. She sat down on a rude
bench by the cabin, holding the gun in
her lap. As she remembered Hank
Wheeler’s warning some of the brightness
went out of the day for her, made her
long for the sight of Jim Averell, long to
hear his reassuring promises for the
future.

  She was like this, caught by faint
dreams, when Jim Averell and Luke and
the other men of the night before trotted
into the yard. Averell, noticing the gun,
her white face, went to her immediately,
asking “Honey, what’s wrong?”

  He was a tall, blond, half-handsome
man, with features a trifle sharp and
muddy-colored eyes that somehow, without
being shifty, did not inspire trust. But
he was an educated man of some culture
and one who, on the rough frontier, could
easily find favor with women. Ella Wat-
son loved him completely. She said now,
“Hank Wheeler and some of his men were
here. They were going to drive off the
stock. I had to shoot Wheeler.” She
shivered a little.

  Jim Averell, who played his part with
this woman with an actor’s finesse, showed
deep concern. He cursed Durbin and
Durbin’s outfit, swore vengeance by in-
creased raids on Durbin’s stock. Mentally
he congratulated himself on choosing such
a capable partner for his rustling scheme.

  He murmured, “You’re upset. You need
a drink,” he took her into the cabin with
him.

  The liquor brought color back to Ella
Watson’s cheeks, loosened her, made her
regard Averell with fond, half-shut eyes.
He was stirred by her and took her in his
arms, whispering, “You’re wonderful,
Ella!”

  He saw her eyes widen, her lips part
a little; the heady fragrance of her hair
was all about him. He kissed her.

  Outside, the man Luke carried on the
branding. He gave a broad wink to his
helpers.
CATTLE KATE

33

SUMMER saw Averell continue his calf
raids with success. Then, in June,
he led his men on a daring foray against
Rob Connor’s ranch. On a clear, moon-
lit night, they swooped down on Connor’s
herd, ready to carry out their usual busi-
ness of shooting the cows and driving off
the youngsters.

  But the herd turned out to be too well
guarded. It was, actually, an ambush, and
Averell lost two of his men, brought back
a third wounded, lashed across his saddle.
Near dawn after a long running fight,
they reached Ella Watson’s cabin.

  Ella ran out to them, experiencing a
thrill of fear as she saw the wounded man
dragged from his saddle. Then she saw
Jim Averell and ran to him. “Jim, what
happened ?”

  Averell forgot his pose. He jerked a
thumb at the man being carried inside,
answered curtly: “What does it look like?
There was a fight. We had to run for it.”
Ella Watson asked humbly, “Who was
hit?” She knew most of these men and
liked them and performed small tasks for
them.

  “A new man—Pete Rivers.”

  She received this soberly. “I’ll see
what I can do for him.”

  They had lain the man in a wall bunk
and Luke and another man were standing
by him, undecided what to do. Ella Wat-
son pushed them aside.

  “Get me some hot water. It’s on the
stove in the back room. And some clean
linen from the cabinet under the window.
Hurry.”

  The men responded to her orders, mov-
ing clumsily in their haste. Averell paced
up and down the room, never giving the
wounded man a look.

  Ella watson knew as soon as she bent
over the man that he was beyond hope.
Sight of the dark, gaping hole in his chest,
its welling fountain of blood, paralyzed
her for a moment. With quick skill she
attempted to staunch the flow. Almost ten-
derly she smoothed back the damp hair
from the closed eyes. However her life
on the frontier, in the raw cowtowns, had
hardened her, it had not inured her to the
sight of death and suffering.

  She took the hot water and cloths when
they came, tried to clean and bandage the

3—Frontier Stories—Fall

wound. Jim Averell’s voice, talking to

Luke, reached her as she worked.

  He was in a temper, unusual for him,
and smashed a fist into his palm to empha-
size his talk.

  “Something went wrong, they knew we
were coming. They were waiting for us.
It was a perfect ambush!”

  Ella Watson caught herself wondering
with him, and then, as she ripped away
the man’s shirt to get a better view of
the wound, she found the badge. It came
loose in her hand, lay glittering in her
palm, riveting her fascinated gaze. She
read the lettering on it—tracing the words
out with soundless lips. Wyoming Stock-
growers Association, Cheyenne. Stock
Detective. Memory flooded her brain;
she remembered stories she had heard of
these mysterious, private lawmen — this
man was a range detective!

  She became aware of a strange hush in
the room. A shadow fell across the bunk
and she looked up to discover Jim Averell’s
burning gaze bent upon her. “Give it to
me!” he demanded harshly, and she handed
up the badge without question.

  He was laughing exultantly as he showed
the badge around, his laughter riding the
exclamations of amazement from his crew,
but there was something in the laugh that
Ella Watson did not like. She could not
remember ever having seen him this way,
so completely full of anger—of anger over-
laid with fear.

  “Here’s our answer!” he exclaimed. “A
spy for the cattlemen riding with us! A
range detective! He tipped them off, let
them know we were coming. And they
have saved us the trouble of shooting him!”
Ella Watson received a shock when she
turned back to the man in the bunk. His
eyes were open, looking beyond her at
the knot of men under the oil lamp. His
gaze dropped to her. He coughed a little
and crimson froth brightened the stubble
of his beard. He spoke in a very low
voice:

  “You must be Cattle Kate?”

  She nodded.

  He managed a grin. “You don’t look
half as bad as you’re painted. They told
me in Cheyenne you had horns!”

  She smiled in spite of herself.

  “They know what I am ?” He turned his
head to one side.
34	FRONTIER STORIES

  She said, “Yes,” in a very small voice.
He closed his eyes as if gathering his
strength for the effort of talking.

  “That don’t matter now. My job is
finished. I’m obliged, ma’am, for your
kind attention. Maybe I can repay it.
There is somethin’ you ought to know
about Jim Averell. . J .”

  She was hauled abruptly, viciously, to
her feet, meeting the full, terrible impact
®f the malevolent hatred in Jim Averell’s
look, the murderous fury in the depths of
his strange-colored eyes.

  “Keep away from that treacherous dog,”
he hissed, “until I’ve decided what to do
with him!”

  He threw her into one of the rawhide-
backed chairs, continued his pacing up and
down the room.

  With an effort Averell reached for con-
trol. Almost casually he forced himself
to say, “Luke, you and Jim get a spade,
dig a grave. We’ll bury him!”

  Horror flickered in Ella Watson’s eyes;
she sat on the edge of the chair, still hold-
ing a bloody piece of linen; her dress was
blood-stained.

  It was the first time she had ever seen
the man Luke show surprise. He showed
it now, surprise and something else, a
thinly disguised contempt.

  “He ain’t dead yet!”

  Averell looked at Luke pityingly. Then,
while an unvoiced scream bubbled in Ella
Watson’s throat, he walked over to the
bunk, looked down at the man there, drew
his gun and targeted the muzzle between
the eyes. Flame gouted from the barrel,
the explosion rocked the little room, set-
ting up ringing echoes, powder smoke made
its stench. The man’s face was burned
black from the blast. His eyes remained
open.

  Averell sheathed the gun, said to Luke.
“That make you feel better?”

  Luke ignored him deliberately, signaled
to the other two men. They rolled the
body in a blanket ajid went out. Luke
rummaged in the back room until he found
a shovel. He took up a lantern and fol-
lowed them.

  Ella Watson sat staring with unseeing
eyes at the bunk where the man had lain.
She felt she was going to lose her reason.
This ' sudden, blinding, brain-searing
revelation of Jim Averell’s character tore

at her sanity. She stood in the corner until
Luke and his men came back, until they
all left, until she couldn’t hear the sound
of their horses any more.

  Riding home in the dark, Jim Averell
felt the condensed hostility of his men.
He had earned their contempt, and except
for the man Luke, their fear. His sway
over them was seriously upset; his rustling
game about finished.

  He did not feel much regret. He was
almost a cattle baron himself now—rich
in both land and beef. He allowed him-
self a thin, mirthless smile; yes, a very
rich man, thanks to the skilful protection
of Ella Watson. But he did not consider
that.

THERE was a lean-to in back of the
cabin where Ella kept her horse. She
saddled the black mare in man-time, held
the animal for a moment and then let it
have its morning run up the road toward
Jim’s store.

  A strange silence hung over the Averell
buildings. As she opened the door to the
saloon the charged tension of the room hit
her with the force of an electric shock.
This was the breathless, hushed moment
preceding a gun-fight^—a moment when
men’s hate seemed to draw all life out of
the air, leaving a vacuum without mea-
sured time.

  There were two or three loungers at the
poker table, riveted to their seats, and
another man at one end of the bar, half-
bent and white-faced.

  Jim Averell, pale and with thin-drawn
lips, stood behind the bar; both his hands
were palm-flat on the walnut top. Her
glance flicked to him instantly, then back
to the other central figure in that scene.
The man Luke stood in the center of the
square room, crouching, shoulders hunched
forward, eyes pinned to Averell. Without
looking at her he said to the woman, “Stay
out o’ this, Ella.”

  She had never used her gun before
except to wound a man. But she could not
bluff this out. She managed to say quite
calmly:

  “He’s my man, Luke. If you get him
you’ll have to get me, too.” She reached
for her gun.

  Surprise and annoyance showed on
Luke’s face; he made a half-tum toward
CATTLE

Ella, remembered Averell and realized his
error all in one moment, and tried to swing
back.

  But Averell’s Colt was booming, the
muzzle just lifted over the top of the bar,
making a little orange blossom there, and
the heavy bullet caught Luke in the chest,
pushing him around so that he faced Ella
Watson.

  Hate and death-pain contorted the man’s
features. His own gun was out and he
tried grimly to steady it on the woman.
Ella Watson, eyes sprung wide, shuddered
and fired.

  She recoiled as the man’s body crashed
at her feet. Pale and shaken, visibly
shocked, her life had not so coarsened Ella
Watson that she could look on death un-
moved.

  Averell came swiftly from behind the
bar, soothing her with low and gentle
words, signaling the men in the room to
get rid of the body.

  He took her into the back room that
served as his office, made her swallow a
double finger of whiskey. Color flooded
back into her cheeks, but an unforgetful
look remained in her eyes. “What hap-
pened, Jim?” she asked quietly.

  Averell’s close brush with death had
unnerved him. He knew that only Ella
Watson’s arrival had saved him. It was
always irritating to him when things
seemed out of his control. He was very
terse.

  “Luke figured to run the outfit. He
picked a quarrel with me and went to shoot
it out.”

  The liquor had loosened Ella Watson.
She sat staring moodily ahead. Some-
where along the line she had dropped most
of her finer instincts but she had never
killed a man. The magic was out of this
game, all the fun and secret laughter of
outwitting the cattle barons. The thoughts
she kept locked in the back of her brain
came crowding forward. She had loved
life too well, this girl, and tasted too
deeply of its many pleasures and disap-
pointments and had watched too many little
dreams die. She was definitely afraid now
and fearful of the future. The open
hostility of the country, the revolt in their
own outfit, both emphasized the treacherous
angles of Jim Averell’s schemes.

  She looked up at him, curious to see

KATE'	35

what effect all this was having upon him,
wondering why there had been no expres-
sion of gratitude from him, and discovered
his eyes bent on her in a fierce, cruel glare.

  Averell, near to fathoming her thoughts,
caught himself in time. He smiled and
the ruthless look of his face vanished so
quickly she half thought she had imagined
it.

  “Honey, I’m sorry! I’d probably be
dead now, wasn’t for you. You don’t
know what I went through facin’ Luke
down, knowin’ how handy he was with a
gun. I thought—I thought I’d never see
you again!”

  These were the right words. They
reached Ella Watson, they drew her to
him. She rose and put her hands lightly
on his chest. “Did you, Jim, did you?”
He bent and kissed her. Though he did
not love her he was surprised at the pas-
sion she always stirred in him. The fact
remained she was a beautiful woman, with
a certain richness that her hard life had
not dissolved. It was, he reflected, a very
easy and pleasant part to play.

  Ella Watson disengaged herself, asking
a disconcerting question. “Jim, when are
we going to be married? You have prom-
ised for so long!”

  Averell met that question head-on,
matching her own eagerness. “Soon, Ella,
soon. I’m going to expand the business—
ride with the boys myself. A few more
months of calf raiding and we’ll be set for
life. Then we can go to Cheyenne, get
married and maybe go back East on our
wedding trip.”

  Ella Watson’s face glowed, her eyes
shone as she pictured the dream. For a
little while all her doubts and fears were
dispelled.

AVERELL had plans for Cattle Kate.
He wanted to devote his full time
to the sagebrush politics of the country,
wanted to see what he could get out of
the feud between the big and little cattle-
men. He needed a clear name to do this
and he was already under suspicion.

  But Ella Watson was under deeper sus-
picion! At his listening post in the valley
Jim Averell had heard the rumdrs, the
many and sometimes incredible stories of
Cattle Kate Watson’s purported villainies.
Stories of her seduction of innocent cow-
36	FRONTIER STORIES

boys, of how she forced them into her
rustler band. He had done nothing at the
time but keep these stories from Ella
Watson’s ears. Indeed, he had nourished
them, adding a few of his own, realizing
vaguely that he was building something for
the future. Now he blessed that foresight.

  He would make another—his last—calf
raid, and this time leave a broad trail all
the way back to Ella Watson’s corral.
An easy trail that the cattlemen would
surely follow, for it would be a specially
injurious raid. Cattle Kate Watson would
be exposed as queen of the outlaws! He
chuckled briefly and the men riding with
him turned to look at him curiously. He
was glad they could not see his face. Jim
Averell was feeling very well pleased with
himself.

  Averell carried out the raid, and it was,
as he had planned, a particularly reckless
and nose-thumbing one. And it seriously
depleted A. J. Bothwell’s spring crop of
calves.

  Stiff and weary and dusty Averell stood
alone in his bar after the raid. He poured
himself a drink, grateful for the warmth
in this pre-dawn chill, and reviewed a
good deal of his past. He was struck by
the sudden urgency of Ella Watson’s de-
mands upon him. In a way it touched his
vanity. Last night, when he had run the
Bothwell calves into her corral, she had
not even come out. He lifted a silent
toast, muttering, “So long, Ella!” After-
ward he stumbled into the back room,
found his bed, eased off his boots. Wanted
to get a couple of hours’ sleep before he
left for that stockman-granger meeting in
Rawlins.

  Ella Watson awoke on the morning of
July 20 bathed in a cold sweat. There
had been a dream the night before in
which Jim Averell came toward her with
a rope. She had felt a nameless dread
and turned to run. But her way . had been
blocked on all sides by grinning herds of
young calves.	3

  She sat now on the edge of the bed,
staring moodily ahead, hair sleep-tumbled
about her face. The sordid edges of her
life crept in on her and she was afraid.

  Heavy-hearted, she dressed slowly, try-
ing to think out her future, wondering
what was going to become of her in this
country. She reached for the small riding

boots she usually wore but they looked
uncomfortable today. She put on a pair

of moccasins she had worked for Jim
Averell.

  At this moment she heard the horses and
the spring wagon coming up the road and
remembered the calves Jim Averell had
put in her corral the night before.

AVERELL and his men had made the
mistake of taking calves that Bothwell
had personally marked as the prize of the
crop. He had stored their appearance in
his mind and knew them as well as a man
knows his own dogs from his neighbor’s.

  Seven men rode up to the Watson cor-
ral. These seven were the cattle kings
of the valley—Bob Connor, John Durbin,
Bothwell and four others. They brought
a spring wagon with them.

  Bothwell circled the corral and sounded
an outraged bellow.

  “Them’s my calves, John!” he shouted.

  The wire around the enclosure was cut
and the herd driven out. Ella Watson,
blazing with anger, ran out to face this
threat.

  “What the hell do you think you’re do-
ing? That’s my beef and this is my land.
Get off it. I’ve worked hard for it and
took it honest, which is more than you sage-
brush pirates can say!”

  She had recognized her callers as the
big men of the valley and was a bristling,
furious figure. Suddenly she remembered
she was unarmed and made for the cabin
and her six-guns on the dead run.

  “Head ’er off!” yelled Bothwell, but
Bob Connor and Ernest MacLain, guess-
ing her intention, leaped from their saddles
and caught her before she reached the
door.

  Ella’s struggles were brief for she pru-
dently realized the odds against her. In
a somewhat petulant tone she demanded
where they were taking her.

  “Ella,” said stern John Durbin, a re-
ligious and justice-loving man, “your game
with Jim Averell is done. We know the
true purpose of this sinful establishment.
You and Jim must leave the country.”

  Ella flung back her head in a scornful
laugh, her eyes flashed. “You make me
sick, you sanctimonious land crooks. Leave
the country? When Jim Averell and the
little ranchers hear of this you fellows will
CATTLE KATE	37

be lucky to get out of the Sweetwater with
whole hides. Why, the pack of you ain’t
enough to take Jim Averell!”

  Durbin shook his head.

  At this moment there was a commotion
near the corral. A young boy, messenger
for Ella and Jim, was trying to catch up
a horse and mount. He was quickly cap-
tured and the party headed up the road
toward Averell’s store and saloon. It was
a hot afternoon that turned men’s shirts
dark with sweat and a heavy golden haze
of dust traveled constantly with them.

  Averell was just starting for Casper and
had dismounted to close the first gate and
open the second in his fenced pasture.

  “We have a warrant for your arrest,
Averell!” one of them exclaimed.

  “Let’s see it,” replied Jim.

  Durbin and Bothwell flashed their Colts.
Quietly from Durbin: “We reckon this
is warrant enough, Jim. Come along with
us.”

  Averell’s jaunty composure did not de-
sert him. He mounted to the spring wagon
and reassured Ella, also treating his cap-
tors to his opinion of what would happen
to them for this unlawful action. Neither
he nor Ella, nor for that matter any mem-
ber of the party, clearly foresaw the
terrible end of this ride.

ON up the Sweetwater road lumbered
the wagon, with the riders jogging
beside it. There was a lot of argument
and talk passing among the cattlemen.
They were worrying things over in their
minds, trying to decide what to do with
the rustlers, and their indecision was a
source of humor to Ella and Jim.

  Finally John Durbin said earnestly,
“You two have got to quit the country—
right now. An’ you know damn well what
for. If you don’t leave,” he added, trying
to make a serious threat, “we’ll drown you
in this river.”

  Jim Averell spat with contempt.

  “If I leave the country I’ll damn well
be paid for it. I’m a big man myself now
—own land and cattle, plenty of both.
But if your figure is right, I might take
your offer.”

  Ella Watson was a little unnerved by
the business-like attitude of the vigilantes.
She laughed hysterically.

  “Drown us in that river? Why, there
ain’t enough water there to give one of
you land hogs a decent bath!”

  She was right, and her outburst plus
Jim’s sarcasm was trying to the temper of
the Sweetwater men.

  A consultation took place between Dur-
bin, Bothwell and Connor.

  “All right,” said Durbin, “if you won’t
listen to us there is only one course we
can take.”

  The prisoners were hauled down from
the wagon and the party labored over high
masses of piled boulder and rock along the
stream bed. They reached a cottonwood
and two ropes were produced and knotted.

  Averell let them place a noose around
his neck and took his stand on a lower
branch of the cottonwood. He was still
cheerful and unmoved, for he did not think
the cattlemen would carry through their
purpose.

  But Ella Watson broke down completely.
Sobbing and fighting, she wrestled vio-
lently with her captors and fought off the
noose with wild, heavy lunges of her
body. One moment she shrieked her full
vocabulary of epithets at the cattlemen
and the next begged them to spare her
for the sake of their mothers and sisters.
Her nerve, her hard veneer and rough
courage were all gone now. And the
beauty that had helped make her reputa-
tion on the frontier had no effect on these
grim ranchmen.

  The valley cowmen were still hesitating
to push the rustlers out into space when
an interruption occurred. A confederate
of Jim and Ella’s, Frank Buchanan,
brought by the young messenger the cow-
men had captured and then let go when
they took Averell, opened up from across
the stream with a six-shooter. Bullets
whizzed about and John Durbin fell with
a thigh wound. Others hauled out their
rifles to meet the unexpected attack.

  Buchanan was driven off without much
trouble. But in the excitement someone
pushed Jim and Ella off their limb.

  They did not die quickly or pleasantly.
And it wasn’t till thirty hours later that
residents of Casper came and cut them
down. The moccasins of Wyoming’s lady
rustier had dropped off and lay under the
tree where they died.
A Novelet of a Death-bound Trail From Taos

DOOM ON THE TRAIL

By JAMES P* WEBB

38
The girl from Louisiana had all the heroes of the frontier to choose
from. But she picked as her guide into peril country the man who
had left her brother in the redskins’ path.

MITCH DOOM was tall, spare, and dirt. His dark, pockmarked face seemed
wide-shouldered. He was hard as to have the same leathery quality as his
iron and as tireless as a wolf. His hunting-shirt, and his gray eyes hinted
buckskins were stained with smoke and smoulderingly of an untamed spirit.

39
40	FRONTIER STORIES

  Squatting against the back wall, inside
the half-dark trappers’ cabin, Doom stared
at Tim Idleman.

  “I’ve been trappin’ and huntin’ in these
mountains for a long time, Tim,” Doom
said in a harsh voice, “and I never saw it
fail. The red devils ’11 be cornin’ into
West Park right away now, lookin’ for
trappers that didn’t have sense enough to
get out with their catch soon as the passes
open up.”

  Tim Idleman was nearly as tall as Mitch
Doom, and he was dressed much the same;
but his face was not as hard as Doom’s,
nor his muscles as tough. Now his eyes
had a sultry gleam.

  “You been bossin’ me and Bill all win-
ter,” Idleman said, “and that’s all right.
You’re supposed to be the leader. We got
eight hundred good furs, but they’s plenty
more we ain’t got. I’ve trapped some my-
self, and I ain’t lookin’ for the Utes to
bust in here for a month yet.”

  Mitch Doom’s smouldering eyes did not
waver; his bleak face did not change ex-
pression. He said:

  “We got eight hundred furs. That’s a
good catch. I’ve worked many a winter
for less. I say now’s the time to get out.”
The third member of their trapping
team, young Bill Yelton, leaned against the
wall across from Doom. This was only
his second winter as a trapper. He said:
“Mitch, we got the furs all cached where
the Utes couldn’t find ’em if they did come.
We could take a chance.”

  Doom shifted his glance to Yelton’s
face. He spat.

  “We could take a chance,” he snapped.
“It’d be takin’ a chance too. If we stay
here another week, we’re like to lose our
furs and traps, and our hair, too. We’ve
done stayed too long.”

  Tim Idleman shrugged. “All right,
Mitch. Let’s get our furs loaded on the
hosses and head for Taos, then. But we’ll
be losin’ by doin’ it.”

  Mitch Doom rose. In his belt he had a
heavy knife and two single-shot pistols.
His rifle leaned against the wall at his side,
and he picked the gun up now. He said:
“You boys better be gettin’ things ready.
We’ll take in the rest of the traps tonight,
and we’ll get the furs out of the cache and
packed on the hosses. We’ll pull out in
the mornin’.” He moved toward the door,

walking with the mountain man’s effort-
less stride. “I’m goin’ up the ridge and
take a look around.”

  Neither of his pards answered, and
Doom went outside. His slow glance
moved around, studying the surroundings
of the cabin. Varying from the Rocky
Mountain trapper’s usual custom, Doom
and his two friends had built a shelter of
pine entirely above ground, instead of a
dugout.

  Doom set off up the slope to the north-
ward, his eyes restless and alert, the rifle
slung in the crook of his right arm. His
bleak, dark, pitted face wore an unusually
grim expression. As he walked, his glance
returned again and again to a creek off to
his left, marked by its bordering willows
and quaking aspens. But nothing held his
gaze long.

  Doom reached the top of the slope and
started along the ridge. He had taken
thirty steps when he stopped suddenly. His
glance went down the northward slope,
which was shaded by a scattered growth
of pine.

 For twenty seconds, Doom did not
move; then he turned and plunged off the
crest of the ridge, taking a diagonal course
toward the cabin. He went down the slope
in long, plunging leaps.

THE cabin door opened and Bill Yelton
stepped outside. He saw Doom and
halted abruptly. For a moment, the youth
stood with his body twisted, one leg bent,
his head lifted, as if frozen in that posi-
tion. Then he turned his head and spoke
over a shoulder and Tim Idleman opened
the door.

  Doom raced on, his rifle swinging in his
right hand. He called out in a harsh, long-
reaching voice:

  “Utes cornin’. Get your guns, boys.
We’ll have to run for it.”

  Tim Idleman jerked his head out of
sight; and Bill Yelton wheeled about and
plunged into the cabin. Doom did not
slacken speed, and he did not look back.

  Tim Idleman and Bill Yelton ran from
the cabin. Idleman’s glance went up the
slope, and he uttered a curse.

  “There the devils come, boys,” Idleman
said, and turned southward away from the
cabin at a run.

  Bill Yelton was right on Idleman’s heels;
DOOM ON

but now that his pards were outside and
running- Mitch Doom’s moccasined feet
slowed down, and at the corner of the
cabin, he stopped and turned.

  Doom stared upward at the charging
Indians. One of them was well in advance
of the others.

  Doom lifted his long rifle and took
steady aim. The gun cracked sharply, and
the leading redskin went down in a long,
tumbling fall. Doom turned and ran, re-
loading his rifle on the run.

  Tim Idleman and Bill Yelton slowed
down at the sound of Doom’s gun. They
looked back, holding a jog-trot till Doom
overtook them.

  “I counted twenty-two of ’em,” Doom
said, his breathing fast but well controlled.
“There ain’t but twenty-one of the devils
now.”

  They ran on. They made the top of a
hill two hundred yards from the cabin.
The Utes were running around the cabin,
and one or two entered.

  Doom grinned. “They’ll have some fun
with our traps and what supplies we had
left,” he said, “but maybe they won’t
find the furs. We got ’em pretty well
cached. Come on, boys.”

  He turned and ran on. The Indians
were leaving the cabin, renewing the
chase, their first object being to run the
white men down. Then they could return
to the cabin.

  Mitch Doom swung along in an easy,
loping stride. He could have outdistanced
either of his pards, but he held his speed
down with theirs. The Indians reached
the top of the hill and started down, their
war-whoop reaching ahead of them.

  The white men made for another low
hill, reached the top, and then Doom said:
“Let’s wait here and give ’em some
lead, boys.”

  The others stopped without question
and waited quietly . while the Indians
charged nearer. Only the youth, Bill
Yelton, showed any sign of nervousness.

  Mitch Doom raised his gun. “Pick
your man, boys, and don’t miss.”

  Yelton and Idleman put their guns to
shoulder, and Doom coolly pointed out
to them the Indian each should shoot at.
At a word from Doom, the three rifles
cracked, and three Indians fell. The
remaining redskins did not even pause.

THE TRAIL	41

  “Come on,” Doom said, and they turned
and ran, reloading their guns as they went.
Doom was grinning, but it was a hard,
unpleasant grin. “That leaves just
eighteen boys. In a couple days, we ought
to have ’em thinned out so we can handle
’em.”

  Bill Yelton’s breath was coming fast.
Sweat glistened on his young face. He
looked at the mountain man in amazement.

  “Couple days?” he echoed. “We can’t
keep this up a couple days.”

  Doom’s grin faded. “I could,” he said.
“They ain’t got anything but tomahawks,
and knives, and arrows. They can’t fight
till they get pretty close, but they think
they can fag us out. We got to keep
goin’.”

  Tim Idleman grunted. “Hell, Mitch.”
  “What’s the matter?”

  “Bill can’t keep goin’ long,” Idleman
said. “He ain’t been on the trail long,
y’ know. Me, I can keep this up all day,
mebbe, but—”

  “We’ll have to make a stand often,
then,” Doom said. “If they catch us—”
They made another stand and fired
another round. This time, they got only
two Indians, and then they reloaded on
the run again.

  Doom said, “If I hadn’t missed that
shot, there’d be fifteen of 'em—just five
apiece.”

  Bill Yelton said in a panting voice:
“You didn’t miss, and you know it. It
was my Injun that didn’t fall.”

  “You shot too quick,” Tim Idleraan
said. “You want to take your time when
you’re shootin’ Injuns at that distance,
son.”

AT midafternoon, they were still run-
ning; still stopping at intervals to
make a stand, and reloading on the run.
Doom estimated that they had covered
about twenty miles. The Indians had
gained only slightly, and all their gain had
been made in the past two hours, when
Bill Yelton’s pace had begun to slacken.

  The youth’s face was pale and strained.
Doom watched him sidelong as he kept
pace with the boy. Tim Idleman was
slightly ahead.

  Doom said, “There’s only eight of the
redskins now. If we could hold out a
few hours longer. . . .” The tall mountain
42	FRONTIER

man showed no sign of fatigue, after the
seven hours of flight. “You pretty tired,
Bill?”

  Bill answered jerkily, “Can’t . . . can’t
make it, Mitch. You and Tim go ahead.
I—”

  Mitch Doom growled deep in his throat.
“We’re stickin’ together.” He looked back
and muttered an oath. The eight Utes
were much closer than they had ever been
before. The pace of the white men was*
getting slower and slower. “Let’s give
’em another round, boys.”

  Tim Idleman heard Doom’s call, per-
haps, but he continued to run. Doom
lifted his voice: “Tim, hold on. We’ll
give ’em a round.”

  Tim Idleman stopped, with evident re-
luctance. His pointed face wore a scowl,
and he was muttering as he brought up
his rifle. Side by side, the three whites
took steady aim and fired. The eight red-
skins faltered; then six of them came on
again, their hair-raising warwhoop reach-
ing ahead of them.

  The trappers were on a hill top, and
now they turned and started down the
far slope. Bill Yelton fired.

  “Missed again,” Yelton mumbled, at
Doom’s side. “Thought I could shoot bet-
ter than that.”

  “You’re tired, Bill,” Doom said grimly.
“But there’s only six now.” He stared
at Tim Idleman’s back, and Doom’s eyes
smouldered. Idleman had raced out ahead
of his companions again. “What’s your
hurry, Tim? You’re gettin’ ahead of
yourself.”

  Idleman did not answer.

  Bill Yelton gasped: “I can’t run any
further, Mitch. You and Tim go on. I
can’t. . .

  “We started out together,” Doom
snapped. “Me and Tim both knew you
was a greenhorn, son. We stick together.”
“But I can’t go on, and they’re gainin’
on us,” Yelton said. “No use. . . .”
“Either we all get away from the red
devils,” Doom said sharply, “or we all
fight till they’re killed off.”

  “It’ll be us that’s killed off,” Tim Idle-
man said raspingly. “Bill’s right, Mitch.
No use for all of us to—”

  Doom stared at Idleman’s back. “Hell,
Tim, we been together all winter. I never
knew you show the white feather.”

STORIES

  “White feather, hell!” Idleman’s voice
was high and angry. “It’s just sense,
Mitch. Ain’t no use in all of us gettin’
scalped, just ’cause one can’t run no fur-
ther.” He swept his left hand forward
in a gesture. “Down there’s a gully where
Bill can get cover and fight it out.”
Doom said: “We’ll fight it out there,
then, if Bill’s played out. All of us.”
They reached the bottom of the hill,
and the washout which Tim Idleman had
mentioned lay just ahead. The Utes were
already at the top of the hill, and their
cries became shriller and fiercer as the
redskins started down the slope.

  Tim Idleman plunged into the dry wash
and scrambled out on the other side. He
paused briefly, his dark eyes flicking at
Doom’s lean pitted face and moving away
again. He said quickly:

  “I’m goin’ on, Mitch. You cornin’ with
me or stayin’ with Bill?”

  Doom’s voice whipped sharply as he
jumped down into the gully: “Get down
in here, Tim!”

  “I’m goin’,” Tim Idleman said doggedly,
and he turned and ran, his wiry legs mov-
ing fast.

  Mitch Doom’s dark face hardened. He
swung his rifle to shoulder and he was
facing south, not north toward the Indians.
His harsh voice raced out: “Stop, Tim!”
But Idleman did not stop, and Doom laid
his smouldering glance along the gun bar-
rel, centering Idleman’s back in the sights.

  Bill Yelton’s voice brought Doom
wheeling around. The youth was lying
on the sloping side of the wash, his rifle
leveled over the bank. The six Utes were
charging across the flat.

  Yelton fired, and one of the Indians
dropped. Doom lifted his rifle again, mut-
tered, “I ought to ’a’ shot the—,” and
pulled trigger. Another Indian went down.

  “There’s only four now, son,” Doom
said calmly. “Soon’s we finish ’em off,
we head south and settle with that skunk
Idleman. I’m disappointed in Tim.” He
was reloading swiftly as he talked, and
Bill Yelton, busy at the same task, did
not seem to be listening.

  Doom dropped his rifle as the Indians
plunged at the edge of the wash. Bill
Yelton turned loose of his own gun and
sprang backward, clawing at the knife in
his belt. Doom’s right hand jerked out
DOOM ON

one of his single-shot pistols, and he fired
at an Indian who was making a long leap
at him with a tomahawk.

  The mountain man had to leap aside to
keep the dying redskin from falling against
him. He dropped the empty pistol and
jerked out his knife. He saw the youth
stab one of the Indians who was upon
him, but the blow did not strike a vital
spot, and the two rolled over on the ground
together, the Indian trying to use his
tomahawk.

  The other two Indians leaped at Doom;
one had a knife, the other a tomahawk.
The tomahawk flashed down, and Doom
parried the blow. He drove his knife into
the redskin’s breast, heaved back to jerk
the weapon free, and received a slash on
the arm from the knife of the other Indian.

  Doom whipped his arm sidewise, slash-
ing at his remaining opponent. A fleeting
glimpse showed him Bill Yelton down on
his back with the Indian on top of him
with a tomahawk. Doom whipped his arm
forward in a vicious stabbing blow at his
Indian and felt the blade bite flesh. The
redskin sagged, and Doom did not wait
to retrieve his knife.

  Jumping forward, Doom jerked his re-
maining pistol with his left hand, shoved
the muzzle forward and fired. But he
was too late, and he cursed savagely even
as the pistol cracked.

  The tomahawk struck Yelton’s head,
and the youth went limp. The redskin
crumpled on top of him, shot in the
temple. Doom, dropping the empty pistol,
leaped forward and rolled the Indian off
the body of his young pard. Then he
straightened slowly and stared with smoul-
dering eyes into the south. Blood streamed
down his right arm and dripped off his
hand, but he did not seem to notice.

                 II

IX days later, Doom walked into Brant’s
Fort, which was a trading post about
a hundred miles northward of Taos.
Doom had traveled more than one hundred
and fifty miles in those six days, despite
the fact that he had buried the body of
Bill Yelton near the spot where he fell,
and after that had tried to pick up the
trail of Tim Idleman.

  Joe Brant, the trader, saw the tall,

THE TRAIL	43

  lithe figure of the approaching mountain
man and met Doom at the gates. The
aging trader did not make the trapper
welcome; there was a definite coldness in
Brant’s stare.

  “So you’re here?” he said gruffly. “I
figured you’d be goin’ back after the furs.
But I guess you need hosses.”

  Doom stared. “What’s the matter with
you, Joe?”

  “Nothin’ the matter with me,” Brant
said, “only I wouldn’t have expected it
of you, Mitch. There ain’t much I can
say to a man who turns on his own pards,
just so he can keep the whole catch for
himself.”

  Doom’s lean, pitted face looked as hard
as bronze. His lips made a thin slash
under his beak of a nose, and his gray
eyes smouldered with the fires of sup-
pressed anger. He said softly: “Who
are you talkin’ about, Joe?”

  Joe Brant made a gesture with his right
hand. He said gruffly, “Tim Idleman was
here. He says you shot that young feller
that was with you and shot at Tim, but
he got away. That’s what he told us.”
Mitch Doom did not change expression;
but the smouldering gleam in his eyes be-
came more sultry. He voiced a soft oath.
“So Tim told you that, did he?”

  Brant nodded. “Said you was walkin’
behind ’em, twenty or thirty miles this
side o’ your trappin’ grounds. He says
there was some Injuns behind you quite
a distance, and you figured you’d tell
folks the Injuns killed your pards, only
Tim got away.”

  Doom’s voice was still low and calm:
“So you don’t want me here, Joe?”

  Brant said, “If you did that, Mitch, I
don’t. A white man—”

  Doom turned away. “Take your tradin’
post and go to hell,” he said harshly.

AT NOON of the fourth day, Doom
entered Taos. His bleak, pitted face
was grim, and when he noticed certain
acquaintances avoiding him, his eyes
smouldered. He strode into a saloon,
where about a dozen men were drinking
and talking. Near the far end of the
bar, the mountain man spotted Kit Car-
son, neat in black broadcloth.

The talking ceased abruptly as Doom
entered. He paused, stared from one un-
44

FRONTIER STORIES

friendly face to another, and then moved
forward. His moccasined feet made no
sound. He saw that Carson’s gaze was
steadily upon him, and he strode down the
room and stopped in front of the old
trapper.

  The old frontiersman was middle-sized,
quiet-voiced and mild of manner. He said
softly:

  “Tim Idleman’s been talkin’ about you,
Mitch.”

  Mitch said: “Where is Tim?”

  Carson shrugged. “Gathered up some
bosses and pulled out this morning. What
happened, Mitch?”

  “Redskins jumped us,” Doom said. “We
had to run for it. Young Yelton fagged
out and couldn’t go any further, so we
made a last stand in a dry-wash. Tim
refused to stay with us. I ought to ’ve
shot the skunk, but the Injuns were upon
us too soon. If Tim had stayed, I reckon
they wouldn’t have got Bill.”

  Carson nodded. “That isn’t the story
Tim told. He says you shot Yelton your-
self, and tried to shoot Tim, too, but he
got away.”

  Doom’s eyes smouldered. “He allows
we both got scalped, I reckon. I’ll bet
he’s goin’ back to gather in the catch and
keep it all for himself.”

  Carson nodded again. “He wanted to
explain how he managed to get away, and
he hit on the idee of sayin’ you shot Yelton
and turned on him. I’ve known Tim for
some time, Mitch. Trapped with ’im one
season.”

  Doom went back to the front end of
the bar. Ignoring the hostile stares of the
other men, he had just stepped up to the
bar when a huge mountain man entered.

  The huge trapper looked around the
room. Then he moved forward, paused
behind one of the drinkers and said:
“Mister, I’m Cal Brown. I’m a-lookin’
fer Kit Carson. They told me I’d find
’im in here. P’int him out to me, will
ye?”

  The man at the bar half turned and
pointed at Carson.

  Cal Brown moved on, his huge moc-
casins noiseless on the floor. At first
Brown moved rapidly, his dark eyes cen-
tered on Carson; but as he drew nearer,
his steps slowed down, and perplexity
wrinkled his low brow. He stopped ten

  feet from Carson. He scowled.

  “Mister,” he rumbled, “I ain’t a-mindin’
a leetle joke. When they say ye’re Kit
Carson, the man who done all that fightin’,

I	know they’re a-havin’ their fun. That’s
all right but I’m in a rush. Now if ye’ll
jest p’int out the shore-enough Kit Carson,
I’ll let ye off without no busted bones.”
A twinkle appeared in Carson’s eyes,
and a faint smile touched his lips. He
stepped back away from the bar, and his
glance ranged along the line of men. He
lifted an arm and pointed straight at Mitch
Doom.

  “There’s Kit,” Carson said.

  A ripple of subdued mirth ran the length
of the room, and was quickly choked off
as Cal Brown moved toward Doom.

  “That’s more like,” Brown said heartily.
“Friend Kit, I want to see ye private.”
Mitch Doom opened his lips to deny that
he was Carson; then, without knowing
exactly why, he changed his mind and said
nothing. He followed the huge trapper
outside.

  “A woman sent me to fetch ye,” Brown
said. “She’s in a wagon out yonder.”
Mitch Doom stopped suddenly, scowling.
“What woman ?”

  Brown paused and turned. “I dunno,
Kit. I allowed ye’d know who she is. She
told me to send ye out to talk to her.”
Doom studied the huge trapper’s face.
“And you don’t know who she is?”

  “Shore I know, in a way,” Brown ad-
mitted. “I been guidin’ her train. Rest
o’ the wagons air gone on, but she’s
stayin’ here. Hired me, but I don’t know
yit what for. Her pa’s with her, too.”
“Well,” Doom said impatiently, “who
is she ?”

  “Her name’s Irene Yelton,” Brown said.
“Her an’ her old man’s from Louisiana.”

THE CONESTOGA wagon stood in
the shadow of an adobe wall. Irene
Yelton appeared to be about twenty years
old. She had thick red-brown hair and
level gray eyes. She looked at Mitch Doom
with frank appraisal.

  Doom removed his hat. “Cal Brown
said you wanted to see me,” he said. '

  The girl said, “Yes. I’ve heard of you,
Mr. Carson, and I don’t know anybody in
this country of course. I want—” She
stopped and bit her lip. “My brother,
DOOM ON

William, ran away from home and came
west. For a while we didn’t know where
he’d gone. We got a letter, written last
fall from Taos, and he said that he was
trapping. He said that he was going out
to a place he called West Park with two
men named Doom and Idleman.”

  Doom nodded, his face impassive. He
knew about that.

  “Father and I came out here, hoping that
we could find him and take him back
home,” Irene Yelton went on. She stopped
again and bit her lip. A mist of tears
blurred her fine eyes. “But now—”

  Doom said softly, “You’ve heard that
he’s dead ?”

  She nodded. “We heard. We had
barely arrived here when Mr. Idleman
came. Father found out who he was and
talked to him. He told father about Bill
. . . about how that man Doom shot him
in the back.”

  Doom’s eyes smouldered, and he said
nothing.

  “Now we want to go to Bill’s grave,”
Irene Yelton said, her voice unsteady.

  “It’s a long trip,” Doom said. “And
dangerous.”

  She lifted her eyes and looked at him
again. Despite her beauty, the frank
steadiness of her gaze and the strength of
her chin gave her a strong resemblance to
her brother Bill.

  “We know that, but we wish to under-
take it, anyway,” she said. “We want you
to guide us, along with Mr. Brown.”

  “It wouldn’t be safe for you,” Doom
said gruffly.

  Her eyes flashed. “I’m willing to take
that risk. It isn’t only that we want to
visit my brother’s grave. I want that ruth-
less murderer brought to justice. We want
to employ you, Mr. Carson.”

  For a long moment, Doom’s smouldering
eyes held her gaze. The lines of his pit-
ted face became harsh and bitter. He
said:

  “It’s a fool trip. You can’t go in a
wagon. We’d have to ride horseback.
You’d have to have some other clothes.”
“I can ride,” the girl said. “As for
the other clothes, I’ll get some buckskin
garments. Can you find out where Bill’s
grave is located?”

  Mitch Doom, his smouldering gaze never
leaving her face, nodded once.

THE TRAIL	45

  “I can take you right to the place,” he
said, “if the Injuns don’t get you first.
But you’re a fool to make the trip.”

   “Bill and I were the only children,” she
said. Color climbed up into her soft
cheeks, but her voice did not falter. “As
to whether I’m a fool or not, you maj(
have your opinion, Mr. Carson. Will you
guide us?”

  And again Mitch Doom nodded.

Ill

IRENE YELTON and Mitch Dooitf
rode side by side. Behind them came
the girl’s father, Henry Yelton. He wa?
a thin, pale man, distinctive and dignified
with gray mustache and imperial. He
seemed out of place on the plains, but
Doom had noticed that Yelton handled his
weapons as if he were used to them.

  Behind Yelton was Cal Brown, mounted
011 a shaggy mustang. The huge mountain
man was managing the two pack horses.

  They had been on the trail three days
and they had passed within sight of Brant’s
Fort the preceding day at dusk.

  Doom glanced sidewise at the girl. She
showed no indication of fatigue, though
they had been making fifty miles and more
each day. She wore a broad hat over her
rich red-brown hair, and she had acquired
a fine buckskin riding outfit from a Mexi-
can woman in Taos.

  The girl was gazing at the upthrust of
mountains to the northwest. Her eyes
had a pensive expression, and her full
lips were slightly parted.

  “This is a lonely land,” she said. “11
almost seems that it’s too lonely to have
graves in it.”

  Mitch Doom said gruffly, “Ain’t any
land that lonely,” and after that they
rode in silence for a few minutes.

  Then the girl said, “Did you find oui
where . . . where Bill’s grave is?’’

  Doom nodded. “If we keep on goin’,
we ought to be there the day after to-
morrow, or maybe the day after that.” He
turned his head and looked at her. “1
still don’t see why you wanted to make
this trip.”

  Irene bit her lip. Then she said, “I
know it must seem foolish to you, Mr,
Carson, but—well, Bill and I were very
fond of each other and it just seems that
46	FRONTIER

I must see where he lies. I couldn’t bear
never to see his resting place.” She
paused, and added, “And somewhere out
here in the wilds is the fiend who shot
him.”

  Mitch Doom’s eyes smouldered.

  “And if you find him,” he asked, “what
then ?”	v

  Irene turned her head and looked full
at him. “If he is found, you and Mr.
Brown are to see that he pays.” A certain
fierceness shook her voice. “Oh, I could
shoot him myself!”

  Mitch Doom’s grin was wolfish, and the
edges of his lips were pulled back to expose
his jaw teeth. He said, “What if he ain’t
guilty ? How do you know Bill’s even
dead?”

  “Why—” Her eyes opened wide. “Do
you mean he may still be alive?”

  “Do you know he ain’t?” he countered.
“You heard anybody say what happened
except Tim Idleman?”	_

  She shook her head. “No, I—”

  “Well,” Doom said, and his lean face
resumed its normal expression, “I’m sorry
to say your brother’s dead. But Tim
Idleman didn’t see him die and he don’t
know it. Tim just sort of guessed.”

  Irene looked at him, her gray eyes puz-
zled. “How do you know that, Mr.
Carson ?”

  “I know,” Doom said slowly, “your
brother was killed by Injuns.”

 “Do you know Mitch Doom?” she
asked.

Doom nodded. “And Tim, too. Mitch
Doom never shot a white man in his life.”
She rode with her head down, thought-
fully, for several minutes. Doom watched
her with a sidelong gaze.

  “Now I don’t know what to believe,”
she said. “We’ve heard so much of you,
Mr. Carson. We learned to trust you
before we ever saw you. If you say Doom
didn’t—”

  Doom’s gaze was ranging ahead and
around. He reined his horse to a halt and
put a hand to stop Irene’s mount. Henry
Yelton halted; and behind him big Cal
Brown brought his horses to a halt.

  Doom said, “Wait here.”

  He rode ahead, leaving the others
standing, and rode up a slope to the crest
of a low hill. Shading his eyes with a

STORIES

hand he peered about. Presently he
turned in the saddle and motioned with
his right arm, and the others rode up
to him.

  “What was it?” Irene asked, anxiously.

  Doom shook his head. “Nothin’. We’re
in Injun country, though. Have to be
careful.”

  “I ain’t seen a sign of any redskins
yit,” Cal Brown called out from the rear.
“Don’t believe there’s ary red varmint in
a hundred mile.”

  Henry Yelton rode up alongside Doom.
He was erect on the saddle, and his eyes,
under heavy brows, were keen.

  “I don’t know anything about fighting
Indians, Mr. Carson,” he said, “but I’m
not at all a poor shot. In the event that
we are suddenly attacked by a superior
force I’d like to be able to make a good
showing.”

  Doom said dryly, “If we’re jumped at
all, it’ll be by a superior force, all right.
Most important thing in fightin’ redskins
is to keep cool and make your shots count.
Reckless shootin’ will lose your hair. Best
thing is not to shoot till you see you’re
goin’ to have to. Redskins are scared of
a loaded gun. Sometimes they try to make
you shoot before they’re in much danger
of gettin’ hit, and then they’ll close in
while you’re reloadin’.”

  Doom glanced at the girl and added,
“There’s a mighty strong chance we won’t
see any Injuns. It’s a little too early in
the spring for many Injuns to be here-
abouts. That’s why I agreed to fetch you
over here. The redskins that killed Bill
were a sort of advance party. Young
bucks takin’ an early start.”

  Henry Yelton dropped back, leaving
Doom and the girl in the lead. She was
staring at Doom.

  “How do you know that?” she asked.

  “Just figured it,” he said shortly.

  She was thoughtful for the remainder
of that day’s ride. They went into camp
at sunset, and Doom insisted that there be
no fire.

  “If any of the red devils are lurkin’
around,” he explained, “they’ll be lookin’
out for campfires. We better stand guard
tonight, too.”

  The three men took turns at standing
guard but nothing happened.
DOOM OlY

IN THE morning, Doom permitted a fire,
and Cal Brown prepared breakfast.

  “Friend Kit,” he said, “I’m the best
c®ok in the mountains, and the best shot
but two, and the strangest man that ever
stood in moccasins.”

  Doom looked at the big man dourly.
“Who’re the two that can beat you
shootin’ ?”

  Cal Brown, crouched beside the fire,
looked up and grinned. “From what I’ve
heard, you’re one of ’em, Kit. And from
what I hear Mitch Doom is the best of all.
They tell me Doom can shoot the toenails
off a runnin’ Injun.”

  “I doubt it,” Doom snapped. He turned
on his heel and went out to see about the
horses.

  The morning was still crisp when they
mounted to begin the fourth day’s ride.

  Doom did not allow much conversation
between himself and the girl. He seemed
moody and grim, and he made frequent
spurts ahead to scout the country they
were approaching. He saw no fresh In-
dian sign, but his vigilance never relaxed.
At high noon, he ordered a halt for dinner,
and went on again. They covered at least
sixty miles before darkness settled over
the plains again.

  The three men took turns standing guard
again. And again none of them saw any
sign of Indians.

 They were up at daybreak and Cal
Brown was busy with the breakfast. At
sunrise they were in the saddle.

  “Look here!” Cal Brown called, before
they had ridden a mile.

  Doom halted and turned in the saddle.
Brown was pointing a thick finger at the
ground.

  “Tracks I”

 Doom said, “Not Injuns, though.
That’s the hosses of a white trapper goin’
into the mountains to pack out his catch.
Come on.”

  The girl, riding at Doom’s side, looked
at him curiously. “It’s odd how much you
can read from tracks,” she said. “You are
as I thought you’d be except—” She hesi-
tated, then went on — “except in some
ways.”

  “What ways ?”

  “Well, your looks, perhaps, and—•’*

  Doom made no reply to this. After a
moment he said, “We’re better than two

THE TRAIL	47

hundred miles from Taos now. It’s nearly
seventy to where your brother’s buried.
We won’t travel so hard today, and we’ll
get there tomorrow.” He paused, then
added gruffly, “Then we’re goin’ on an-
other thirty miles to pick up my winter’s
catch.”

  Irene frowned. “But I thought you had
to have pack horses to carry the furs.
How—?”

  “I think another fellow’ll have ’em
loaded by the time we get there.”

  “You mean,” she said, “your partner?”
  Doom nodded. “My pardner.”

  After another silence, Irene said, “I
didn’t finish what I started to say yester-
day, Mr. Carson. I said we’d heard of
you and knew that you could be trusted—”
Doom put out a hand in a gesture that
stopped her. He said, “If you’ve heard
so much, how come you didn’t hear enough
to know that Carson’s just about quit the
trail? How come you thought he’d be
as young as I am?”

  She turned her head quickly, and her
eyes were wide as she stared at him.
“What do you mean?”

  “I mean,” Doom said sourly, “that I’m
not Kit Carson. Cal Brown took it for
granted that I was Carson and brought
me to you. After that—”

  Her gasp was audible, and she leaned a
little away from him, both hands clutch-
ing the pommel of her saddle. She said,
“Then who are you?”

  “I’m Mitch Doom.”

  Irene uttered a little, muted cry and
swayed in the saddle. Doom urged his
horse close and put out a steadying hand
and felt her body shrink from his touch.

  Henry Yelton spurred forward; and Cal
Brown, seeing that something had gone
amiss, lashed the pack horses and drove
them forward until the entire little party
was in a tight group.

  Yelton said quickly, “What’s the matter,
Irene ?”

  Doom’s eyes were smouldering. “I told
her I’m not Kit Carson.”

  Henry Yelton started. “Not Kit Car-
son?” He turned on his saddle to stare
at Cal Brown. “You said he was Kit
Carson. What’s— ?”

  Cal Brown loosed a bellow that caused
his wiry mustang to snort and prance
against the reins.
48

FRONTIER STORIES

  “Jumpin’ catamounts!” he roared. "You
mean to say that little squirt in that saloon
had the gall to lie to me? Jest wait till
I git back to Taos.”

  Mitch Doom’s hard grin exposed his
jaw teeth. He said, “Take my advice and
leave that little squirt alone. He’s Kit
Carson.”

IV

HENRY YELTON recovered from his
amazement. His jaw set firmly, and
his eyes blazed as he turned back to face
Mitch Doom. The rifle whipped to Yel-
ton’s shoulder.

. “Mitch Doom! The murderer of my
son!”

  Doom’s dark, grim, pitted face did not
change expression, except for the smoulder-
ing of his eyes. The hard grin remained
on his lips and gave him a strangely harsh
and bitter appearance. He said:

  “Put that gun down.”

  Yelton snapped, “I ought to shoot you.”
“I didn’t kill your son,” Doom said.
Irene Yelton stared at Doom with wide
eyes. Her face was pale. She spoke
quickly, “Wait, Dad! I don’t know what
to believe. We don’t want to make a mis-
take.”

  Cal Brown’s voice rumbled, “I’d never
’a’ believed Mitch Doom would shoot a
pard in the back. I don’t think they’s any
reason why you have to believe Tim
Idleman.”

  Yelton kept his gun leveled. “I don’t
know any reason why we should believe
Doom, either. One thing’s certain, we
can’t afford to trust him now. I’m not
going to shoot you, Doom, but I’ll give you
three minutes to get started. Head south
and stay out of my sight from now on.”
Doom’s grin faded at last, and the
smouldering light in his eyes brightened.
He looked as wild and dangerous and un-
predictable as a battle-scarred wolf. His
voice took on a raspy harshness which
matched his appearance.

  “Cal, you’ll find the grave on this side
of a dry-wash straight ahead. It’s seventy
miles. Maybe you can find it.”

  Without further speech, he reined his
horse aside.

  Cal Brown said, “You’ll need some grub,
Mitch.”

  “I’ll get my grub,” Doom said, and
turned southward. He rode without look-
ing back, erect in the saddle, the smoke-
darkened buckskins molding his muscular
frame.

A MILE to the south Doom’s horse
dropped swiftly into a shallow ravine
which slanted toward the northwest. Doom
turned and followed it. He had started
with this expedition, and it was not in the
nature of the man to desert it, even under
threat. The fact that he had been dis-
missed by Henry Yelton made little dif-
ference. The Yeltons were far from
civilization, and there was increasing dan-
ger of their running into a small raiding
party of Indians.

  Doom had considerable faith in the abil-
ity of Cal Brown to guide the Yeltons and
to scent danger, but he did not feel that
he had been relieved from his own respon-
sibility. The Yeltons were new to the
Indian country, and their avowal that they
did not want Doom along made no differ-
ence in the attitude of the mountain man.

  And Mitchr Doom had business of his
own in the West Park, and there was
little time to lose.

  At intervals during the day, Doom
sighted the Yeltons. He noted that Henry
Yelton was handling the pack animals now,
and Cal Brown was scouting ahead.

  Toward sunset, Doom put his horse to a
run and passed Brown and the Yeltons.
He picketed his horse in a grassy swale,
took his rifle from the saddle-sheath and
stole up the slope. He watched Cal Brown
go into camp.

  Back at his own dry camp, Doom chewed
on some jerked meat he had carried in his
saddlebag. After moonrise, he mounted
again and rode on.

  About three miles northward, at the
mouth of a ravine which opened out into
a grassy basin, Doom drew rein and stared
at the glow of a campfire some distance
ahead. The moonlight was so bright that
the mountain man could not approach the
camp without being seen, but he guessed
that this was a party of Indians. The
fact that they had only one campfire indi-
cated that it was a small party.

  Retreating some distance, Doom pick-
eted his horse and risked taking a few
hours’ sleep. He was a light sleeper, and
DOOM ON

when alone he did not fear a surprise
attack; and it was not likely that the red-
skins would move from their camp before
dawn.

WELL before daylight, Doom was at
the mouth of the ravine again, and
he stayed there long enough to watch the
Indian encampment come to life. A
breakfast fire glowed in the fading dark-
ness.

  By the time the Indians were finished
with breakfast, the mountain man was
able to count them in the gray light. So
far as he could see, there were only six
of them. He decided that they might have
been members of the same raiding party
which had attacked himself and his two
pards several days before.

  On the other hand, the six redskins
might be merely a scouting party from a
really formidable band of warriors.

  Doom retreated cautiously to the place
where he had left his horse. The Indians,
armed with bows and arrows and knives
and tomahawks, were heading out of the
basin directly toward the mouth of the
ravine. These men were mounted, and
Doom thought that the horses they rode
were six of the pack animals which Doom,
Yelton and Idleman had had in West Park.
If this were so, these Indians had passed
the cabin and raided the place; but prob-
ably they had passed before the arrival of
Tim Idleman and the new pack train.

  Doom rode below the crest of a ridge,
occasionally moving up to peer down at the
Indians. The redskins were moving south-
ward, and they seemed in no hurry. They
were following a route which might bring
them face to face with the Yeltons and
Cal Brown at any moment.

  The Yeltons were just breaking camp
when the six Indians came over the brow
of the hill to the northward and sighted
them. Instantly, they raised a blood-
chilling warwhoop and charged, urging the
bony pack animals they rode into a run.

  Doom saw Cal Brown swing from his
saddle, draw the horses close together and
grasp the reins of all three mounts in one
big hand. Brown held his rifle in his right
hand.

  Henry Yelton and his daughter, evi-
dently obeying a sharp order from Brown,

A—Frontier Stories—Fall

THE TRAIL	49

dismounted quickly. Both Yelton and
the girl leveled their rifles at the oncom-
ing redskins. Mitch Doom, wacching
anxiously, frowned.

  The six Indians, riding as fast as the
horses would run, split into two groups.
Three went to the left and three to the
right and they passed the Yeltons at long
range. Yelton and Irene turned to keep
them covered with the rifles, but they did
not fire.

  Mitch Doom smiled. The redskins were
trying to work a common Indian trick of
drawing the fire of the whites too soon;
after which, they could race in at close
range while the guns were being reloaded,
and finish their enemies off with arrows
and knives. But Brown was restraining
his companions, and that was well.

  The Indians, a hundred yards or more
beyond the Yeltons, stopped and turned
and rode back, their warwhoops splitting
the air. They charged straight at the
whites as if they meant to run them down.
They drew their bowstrings threateningly,
as if about to let the arrows fly. Again
Henry Yelton and Irene pointed their guns.

  As before, the Indians swerved aside
without slackening speed; three rode to
the left and three to the right and they
surged past without drawing a shot from
the whites.

  The redskins came together in a group
again and faced around toward the whites.

  Mitch Doom urged his horse down the
slope. He was eastward of the Indians,
and he came in from the side while they
were getting ready to charge again. The
mountain man knew that when the game
of bluff was finished, the whites might
succeed in killing three of the Indians,
if Yelton and the girl could shoot straight,
but that would still leave three redskins,
and their arrows would take effect. It
was time to finish the thing one way or
another.

  Mitch Doom voiced a long-running yell,
and his horse surged down the slope at
breakneck speed.

THE six Indians were charging again,
and this one-man flank attack discon-
certed them for a moment. Brown, Yelton
and Irene fired a crashing volley of shots,
and two of the redskins rolled from their
running mounts. Mitch Doom, without
50	FRONTIER

slackening speed, raised his rifle and killed
another.

  Arrows zipped through the air as the
three remaining Indians charged on. One
of them, riding loosely and facing side-
wise, loosed a shaft at Doom as the lean
mountain man plunged within easy range.

  Doom’s two pistols* were out. He saw
a hard-driven arrow plunge into Cal
Brown’s chest, and Doom cursed savagely
as the big mountain man sagged and
dropped to his knees. Doom fired his
right-hand pistol, dropped it and shifted
the remaining pistol to his right hand as
the fourth Indian plunged off his horse.

 An arrow grazed Doom’s buckskin
sleeve, and the two redskins swung their
mounts to face him. Another bow was
drawn when Doom’s second pistol cracked
and sent the red bowman tumbling to the
ground.

  Henry Yelton sprang at the remaining
Indian with rifle clubbed, just as the red-
skin flung his tomahawk at Doom. Yel-
ton’s rifle swung around hard, and the
stock swept the Indian off the horse.

  The flying tomahawk, which seemed al-
most to have been thrown by a dead man,
hit the side of Doom’s dodging head a
flatwise, glancing blow, and the mountain
man reeled in the saddle, dropping his
empty pistol. The lunging horse seemed
to rim from under him, and he fell
sprawling.

  Instantly, it seemed, Irene Yelton was
kneeling beside him, and the sound of her
sobs reached through the darkness of the
mountain man’s semiconsciousness.

  Irene uttered a low cry when she saw
that he was alive.

  “I just know,” she said, “that you
wouldn’t have shot Bill that way.”

  Doom sat up, a little groggily, and his
eyes shifted toward the huddled body of
Cal Brown. Doom heard Henry Yelton
say:

  “You didn’t have to come to our aid,
Doom. It seems to me that a man who
would betray his partners wouldn’t have
come to help us. I think Irene’s right.”

  Doom’s cheek was streaked with blood,
but the smouldering gleam was back in his
eyes. He got to his feet; and, stagger-
ing a little, he walked over to look down
at the huge body of Cal Brown.

  Brown was dead.

 STORIES

  “Nothin’ to do but bury him,” Doom
said, his voice hoarse. He looked at Henry
Yelton. “You’d make a right good Injun
fighter, Yelton. But you ought to learn
to use a knife in close quarters.”

  Irene Yelton, staring wide-eyed at the
Indian her father had killed with the rifle
stock, shuddered violently.

DOOM and Yelton buried the body of
Cal Brown, but they left the Indians
where they had fallen. Irene Yelton, who
had recovered some of her composure,
protested against this, but Doom only
looked at her with faintly smouldering
eyes and offered no explanation.

  The party caught up their scattered
horses, mounted and went on, traveling as
they had traveled the preceding day, except
that now Mitch Doom instead of Cal
Brown was the leader. Doom missed Cal,
and sometimes when he glanced back he
was almost surprised for an instant to see
Henry Yelton handling the pack horses
and the huge buckskin-clad mountain man
not there.

  Irene was not in the mood for talk to-
day; she rode in silence just ahead of her
father and the pack animals. Mitch Doom,
also dour and silent, scouted ahead, keep-
ing a sharp eye peeled for Indian sign.
He still was not convinced that the party
of six redskins were not merely scouting
for a large band which had made its way
into the vicinity of West Park at the very
onset of spring. But he saw no Indians
that morning.

  Shortly before noon, Mitch Doom rode
to the top of a low hill and looked down
the slope toward the dry-wash where he
and Bill Yelton had stopped to fight the
Indians. The tall trapper held his horse
quiet until the Yeltons had come up be-
side him.

  Doom lifted an arm, pointing at a low
mound which was topped by heavy rocks.
“There’s the grave down there, about
twenty feet from the dry-wash.”

  His smouldering eyes were not looking
in the exact direction indicated by his
pointing arm. Instead, his gaze was lifted
far beyond and to the left. A cavalcade
of animals, dwarfed by distance, were just
now topping the rise beyond the gully.
Doom knew that it was a string of pack
horses—loaded with eight hundred prime
DOOM ON

beaver pelts—and that Tim Idleman would
be with the pack train.

  A rider in a big hat was leading the
train, and Doom, who had made a few
inquiries in Taos, knew that this would be
Juan, a young Mexican whom Idleman had
employed to assist him.

  Doom said “You folks ride on down
there. I’ll be along pretty soon.” He
dropped back a few paces and waited.

  The Yeltons rode down the slope. Doom
peered over the hill top and saw the pack
train coming along steadily. He waited
a little longer, his beak-nosed, pitted face
and smouldering eyes as grim and savage
as the wilderness he inhabited.

IRENE YELTON was kneeling on the
ground beside the mound of earth and
stones which protected her brother’s body
from the coyotes. Henry Yelton, erect
in the saddle, stared into the distance.

  The Mexican found a shallow place in
the banks of the dry-wash and led his
train across. Behind the last animal rode
Tim Idleman, his pointed face and sullen
eyes showing curiosity as he watched the
man and the girl beside the new grave.
He gestured with an arm to the Mexican,
and Juan brought the pack train to a halt.
Juan tilted his hat against the noon sun
and hipped over in the saddle to rest his
muscles while he prepared and lighted a
quirly.

  Tim Idleman rode over to the grave of
Bill Yelton. He looked down at the kneel-
ing girl and remained silent until she saw
him and stood up. Henry Yelton still
stared into the distance, sitting as erect as
a cavalryman.

  The girl stared at Idleman with distaste.
She said, “Did you think the Indians killed
Mr. Doom?”

  Tim Idleman’s eyes narrowed. He said,
uneasily: “I thought likely, but when I
came along here night afore last, I didn’t
see nothin’ of his remains—nor more ’n
one grave.”

  The girl’s voice was strong with sud-
den conviction: “Mr. Doom escaped.
He and Bill killed all the Indians, and
Mr. Doom buried . . . my brother. He
says if you had stayed with them, my
brother probably wouldn’t have been
killed.”

  Tim Idleman’s face darkened, and he

THE TRAIL	51

muttered an oath. “What’re you talkin’
about? You tryin’ to make out I run off
from. . .

  The trapper’s glance shifted and ran
along the southward hill, and his voice
died.

  Mitch Doom was riding down the hill.
The mountain man with the pitted face
was not urging his horse. The animal
came on at a moderate gait, and Doom
held his rifle across the pommel of his
saddle.

  Idleman’s mouth sagged open, and his
pointed face was suddenly pale. He reined
his horse around in a tight turn, and went
past the lounging Mexican at a gallop, his
lean body bent low in the saddle.

  Mitch Doom did not increase the speed
of his horse. He balanced the rifle across
the saddle in front of him and cupped
both hands around his mouth. His voice
reached out, harsh and grim and far-
running :

  “Tim! Wait! I want to see you.”

  Idleman, already far out along the rim
of the dry-wash, swung his horse gradu-
ally southward. He did not answer nor
heed Doom’s shout.

  Doom yelled: “Might as well wait now,
Tim. I’m cornin’ after you.”

  Doom guided his horse toward the
Mexican, who was still lounging in the
saddle and smoking his quirly imper-
turbably, while his dark eyes watched the
fast-fading form of Tim Idleman.

  “Juan,” Doom said, “these are my furs
—mine and Yelton’s yonder—and we want
you to take the train on to Taos for us.”

  Juan turned his head to look at Doom,
and there was a glint in the Mexican’s
dark eyes. He said softly:

  “Senor Tim theenk you dead, Sefior
Mitch. I theenk you scare heem.”

ON THE return trip, Juan rode ahead
of the pack train, to which had been
added the two horses belonging to Henry
Yelton. Yelton volunteered to follow be-
hind the train. Doom and the girl rode
side by side, and the mountain man kept
a sharp watch for redskins until they had
reached a point a few miles north of
Brant’s fort, after which his vigilance re-
laxed somewhat.

  They were following a course which
would take them past Brant’s Fort at a
52

FRONTIER STORIES

distance of about a mile. Doom did not
show any inclination to pause there, but
before they had ridden past the fort, Juan
saw a rider galloping out of the open gate.
The Mexican notified Doom, and the entire
party stopped and waited.

  The rider was old Joe Brant himself.
He was bareheaded, and his whitening hair
whipped in the wind as he came on. The
trader reined up a few feet from Doom
and Irene/

  “Howdy, Mitch,” the trader said cor-
dially. “Want to sell them furs?”
Doom’s eyes smouldered. “Not to you,”
he said.

  Joe Brant said cheerfully, “You needn't
blame me, Mitch. I just knew what I
was told. Tim Idleman passed here last
night, and he stopped long enough to say
he was mistaken about what happened to
young Yelton. Tim says now that the red
devils got Yelton, and that you weren’t
noways to blame for it.”

  Doom said, “Where's Tim now?”

  Brant glanced southward. “I reckon
he was headin’ for Taos, Mitch. He claims
he’s sold his part of the catch to you. I’d
like to buy ’em.”

  “I’ve got a sale for ’em in Taos,” Doom
said, “and when a man thinks I’d shoot
a pard in the back. . .

  Brant did not argue the matter fur-
ther. As soon as the pack train was on
the move again, Irene said, “You’re vin-
dictive, I’m afraid.”

  Doom looked at her with smouldering
eyes, and the nostrils of his beaklike nose
flared a little. “I don’t know what that
word means,” he said. “Not for sure. But
when a man who’s known me as long as
Joe Brant has. . . .”

 “But why hold a grudge?” The girl
was watching him anxiously. “Anybody
can make a mistake.”

  Doom said harshly, “I ain’t holdin’ any-
thing against you and your father. You
didn’t know me. Anyhow, you’ll be goin'
back to Louisiana right away, but I got
to learn Joe Brant a little lesson. He’s
goin’ to stay in this country.”

  Irene Yelton smiled faintly and gave
him a sidelong glance. “Are you glad
that I’ll be going back to Louisiana?”
“Yes,” Doom snapped.

  The girl bit her red lower lip and stared
straight ahead.

THE third day after leaving Brant’s
Fort, the pack train entered Taos at
sunset. Doom called out to the Mexican:
“Take ’em to Tom Fanton, Juan. He’ll
know.”

  Juan nodded and went on with the pack
train. Doom and the Yeltons sat their sad-
dles a moment in silence. Then Henry
Yelton said:

  “This is a big country, Mr. Doom. I’m
glad we were able to see my son’s grave,
and. . . .” He held out his right hand.

  Doom shook hands, then offered his hand
to the girl. “I’ll have to be goin’ now,”
he said. “I’ve got somethin’ to do.”

The girl stared at him. “What?”
“I’m lookin’ for Tim Idleman,” Doom
said in a harsh voice. “No pard of mine
can leave me in a tight and then try
to. . . .”

  Irene said quickly, “You’re not going to
kill him?”

  Doom was breathing hard; his nostrils
flared. He looked at the girl with smoul-
dering fires in his gray eyes.

  “There ain’t room for both of us in
this country,” he said, and his voice was
almost a snarl. “Good-bye.”

  Henry Yelton looked keenly at his
daughter. He said, “A man must live by
the rules, I suppose. Come on, Irene.
After a night’s rest, we’ll be starting back
to Louisiana in the morning. Thank you,
Mr. Doom. I’m sorry about Mr. Brown.
And I hope you will forgive us, some time
at least, for doubting your integrity.”
“But you haven’t paid him, Father,”
Irene said, keeping her gaze away from
the tall mountain man.

  “I wasn’t workin’ for you,” Doom said
harshly. “I was goin’ after my furs. Half
of the furs are yours.” He looked di-
rectly at Henry Yelton in the fading light.
“I’ll meet you at Tom Fanton’s early in
the mornin’ and settle up. We’re sellin’
the catch to Tom.”

  Doom waited where he was until Yelton
and Irene were gone. Then he rode to
the saloon in which he had met Cal Brown.
Looking in, he saw that Tim Idleman was
not there.

  Doom stepped inside, and the four men
at the bar looked at him and ceased talk-
ing. Doom’s eyes were smouldering.

He asked softly: “Seen Tim Idleman?”
There was a long-drawn silence; then
DOOM ON

one of the men said: "He was here,
Mitch. Seemed in a rush, kind of. Told
us he had made a mistake about what hap-
pened to Bill Yelton out yonder. He
allows now the redskins got him.”

 Doom nodded and went outside. His
rifle was in the sheath on his saddle. He
paused in the deepening gloom, drew one
of his single-shot pistols and examined it.
Pushing the weapon back into the holster,
he stepped outside—and almost bumped
into Kit Carson.

  “Howdy, Mitch,” the old frontiersman
greeted. “When is the weddin’?”

  “What weddin’?”

  Carson chuckled. “Yours, Mitch. The
Yelton girl.”

  Mitch Doom growled in his throat. “A
Rocky Mountain grizzly couldn’t live with
me, Kit. Seen Tim Idleman today ?”

  Carson peered intently at Doom’s face.
“A minute ago. In Manuel’s cantina.”

MANUEL’S cantina was on the oppo-
site side of the street, and without
another word Doom crossed over. It was
a small place, patronized mainly by the
Mexicans who still comprised the major
portion of the pueblo’s population. There
was a short counter in the barroom, with
bottles of tequila and other fiery liquors
ranked on the back bar. There were three
tables, with chairs. Except for Tim Idle-
man, and Manuel himself, the place was
empty.

  Idleman was in the act of lifting a glass
to his lips when he saw Doom in the en-
trance. Turning quickly, Idleman dropped
the glass, which shattered on the bar. He
stared at Doom, his lean body in a recoil-
ing but motionless position, his left hand
braced on the counter.

  “Mitch,” he said hoarsely, “I told ’em
how it happened—and you can have the
furs.”

  With both his single-shot pistols still
holstered, Doom moved slowly forward.
His dark face was grim and harsh, and his
steady eyes blazed, but he said no word.

  Idleman put out a hand as if to push
something away from him. The hand was
shaking. “Wait, Mitch! I fixed it up.”
Mitch Doom moved on.

  Idleman, still backing slowly along the
bar, put his hands behind his back and

THE TRAIL	53

unfastened the belt which circled the waist
of his hunting shirt. The belt, holding his
knife-sheath and pistol, fell to the floor.

  Idleman said, as if to reassure himself:
“You wouldn’t shoot a man that can’t shoot
back.”

  Doom’s lips drew back exposing his jaw
teeth. He drew both his pistols and the
heavy knife and laid the weapons on the
bar; and moved on without pause.

  Idleman circled.

  Manuel leaned across the bar and picked
up Doom’s two pistols and the knife. The
Mexican seemed to sense Idleman’s pur-
pose.

  Idleman, his sharp, pinched face con-
torted with a strange mingling of rage,
fear and triumph, made a sudden backward
lunge and clawed for Doom’s weapons,
which were no longer on the counter.
Doom lunged with all the ferocity of a
mad wolf.

IDLEMAN, finding out too late that his
treachery had failed, tried to dodge
away. Doom’s fist nailed him on the jaw
and flung him against the counter. Before
Idleman could recover, Doom planted two
more solid blows which seemed to keep the
traitorous mountain man pinned to the
bar. Idleman sagged, and his eyes glazed.
A thin stream of blood ran from a corner
of his mouth.

  Doom’s left hand grasped the front of
Idleman’s shirt and jerked him forward.
The dark-faced trapper’s strong right hand
fastened on Idleman’s throat and squeezed
with the slow, inexorable pressure of a
closing vise. Idleman’s face became suf-
fused with blood, and his tongue pro-
truded from his open mouth. His eyes
seemed ready to burst from their sockets.

  A hand fell upon Doom’s shoulder, and
Kit Carson said sharply: “You’ve never
killed a white man, Mitch.”

  Slowly, Doom’s fingers loosened their
grip. He watched the purple hue fade
from Idleman’s cheeks; and suddenly
Doom jerked hard with his left hand and
flung his enemy sprawling to the floor.

  Idleman, watching his former partner
fearfully, scrambled shakily to his feet.
He sidled toward the door, and by the
time he reached it, he was running.

  Beside Doom, Kit Carson chuckled.
REARGUARD
ACTION

By FAIRFAX DOWNEY

A Frontier
History Feature

Said Thunder-Rolling-Over-the-Moun*
tain, “The Great Spirit puts it into the
heart and head of man to know how to
defend himself.”... Here is the unfor-
gettable story of Joseph and his tribe.

THE United States Army and the Nez
Perces had met early and in friend-
ship. The Pierced Noses, as French
traders dubbed them, had hospitably re-
ceived the Army explorers, Captain Meri-
wether Lewis and Lieutenant William
Clark, and later Major John C. Fremont.
These tribesmen proudly declared that they
had never killed a white man nor broken a
promise, a record which could by no means
be claimed by the whites.

  From time to time, the Nez Perces had
peacefully ceded portions of their broad
lands in Idaho, Oregon, and Washington.
Their title in the remainder had been con-
firmed by treaty.. Then the Government,
prompted by gold-hunters and settlers,
abrogated that pact and offered a new one
demanding more territory. It was signed
by all but the southern Nez Perces who
refused to be ousted from their home in
the Wallowa Valley in the northeastern
corner of Oregon. The last charge of their
old chief to his son had been: “A few years
more, and white men will be all around you.
They have their eyes on this land. My son,
never forget my dying words. This coun-
try holds your father’s body. Never sell
the bones of your father and your mother.”
Succeeding to the chieftainship, Thun-
der-Rolling-Over-the-Mountain, known as
Joseph by the whites, vainly exerted every
peaceful means to maintain his people’s
rights. Because he foresaw the inevitable
result of resistance, he was about to yield

54

reluctantly and go on a reservation when
his hand was forced. Young braves, who
had had a father or brother killed by set-
tlers, went whooping on a raid and massa-
cred a score or more white men, women,
and children. When they rode back to
camp, waving reeking scalps, Joseph knew
that the die was cast. Grimly he promised
his tribe that he would give them a bellyful
of fighting.

   Still nobody thought that the Nez Perces
actually would take the warpath. They
had dwelled long in peace and waxed pros-
perous. Yet these red men had not growii
soft. Not only did they possess the fin6
physiques, bravery, and horsemanship so

© 1941 by Fairfax Downoy
common in their race, but they would prove
capable of fighting as disciplined troops.
The Army would discover to its dismay
that Joseph had even taught his warriors
infantry and cavalry maneuvers. The Nez
Perces were well-armed and, unlike most
Indians, excellent shots. And as neither
they nor any one else could yet suspect, they
were blessed with a magnificent leader.

  Joseph, now about thirty-seven, had
never been in a battle. He was tall and of
commanding presence. The mouth and chin
of his strong face resembled Napoleon’s.
So did his military genius. This red gen-
eral in less than eleven weeks would con-
duct a valiant retreat of his tribe for more
than sixteen hundred miles, engaging ten

separate commands of the United States
Army in thirteen battles and skirmishes and
fighting them to a standstill.

  This epic rearguard action has been justly
compared to the march of Xenophon and
his ten thousand Greeks. It has been aptly
entitled: “U. S. vs. Joseph.”

FOUR officers with ninety troopers of
the First Cavalry, shortly joined by
eleven citizen volunteers, were dispatched
from Fort Lapwai, Idaho, to punish the
raiders and round up the tribe. They
marched seventy miles in two days and on
the night of June 17, 1877, camped near
White Bird Canyon. Before dawn they
mounted up and rode down into the gorge.

55
56	FRONTIER

In the distance sounded what seemed to be
the eerie wail of a coyote, in realty one of
Joseph’s scouts signalling that the death-
trap could now be sprung.

  Joseph had sent his women and children
and his herds of ponies, sheep, and goats
down the Salmon River into hiding behind
bluffs. One hundred warriors he had placed
in ambush on the right side of the canyon,
one hundred on the left.

  Behind an advance guard under Lieuten-
ant Edward R. Theller, Twenty-first In-
fantry, followed Captain Joel G. Trimble
and his troop; then Captain David Perry,
commanding, and Lieutenant William R.
Parnell with the rest of the column. They
trotted on through the broadening canyon.
Suddenly spurted flashes of flame, and that
gloomy place reverberated to the shots of
charging Nez Perce horsemen. Theller
deployed and held them in check, while
Perry came galloping up.

  But Joseph, extending his lines, sent war-
riors flooding in on the flanks and turned
the left by sweeping the volunteers from a
butte. Sergeant Michael McCarthy, hold-
ing the right, was isolated with six troopers.
Trimble rallied, charged and brought them
off a little way, but soon the whole blue
line went reeling back, and again McCarthy
and his men were cut off.

  This time Parnell and a platoon smashed
through to the isolated group and gave them
a chance to mount up. But as they galloped
off, Nez Perce bullets swept two of the
rescued troopers lifeless out of their sad-
dles. McCarthy had one horse shot under
him, then a second. Too far behind to
catch a third, he crawled into the under-
brush and hid beside the body of a dead
comrade. From his concealment he saw
several squaws suddenly appear on a search
for plunder. His boots protruded from
the thicket in plain sight, and he dared not
move. Stealthily he wiggled his legs out of
the boots and pulled them back under cover.
The squaws picked up the boots and went
on.

  Meanwhile the retreat of Perry’s shat-
tered column had degenerated into a rout.
Lieutenant Theller and eighteen troopers
were driven into a cul-de-sac and died to a
man under the Nez Perce guns. Clear of
the canyon, survivors of the command,
whose casualties were forty per cent, man-
aged to stand off pursuit. The triumphant

 STORIES

Joseph rode back to camp to learn that dur-
ing the battle his wife had borne him a son.

  Meanwhile the Department Commander,
General O. O. Howard, had been concen-
trating troops against a possible contin-
gency. Howard, who had lost his right arm
at the Battle of Fair Oaks in the Civil
War, had not been altogether successful as
a commander in that conflict nor in subse-
quent administrative positions. But now
his forethought and the promptness with
which he took the field spoke well for him.

  Howard’s force, consisting of parts of
the Twenty-first Infantry, First Cavalry,
and Fourth Artillery with a howitzer and
two Gatlings—two hundred and twenty-
seven men—marched to the Salmon River
to find Joseph in a splendid position in the
mountains on the other side. To get at him
Howard had to cross, leaving the river at
his back and his line of communications ex-
posed not only to attack by Joseph, crossing
at some other point, but also to an onset by
a roving band of Nez Perces under the sub-
chief, Looking Glass. Howard, his admira-
tion for the red general’s strategy mingled
with apprehensions, left Captain Stephen
G. Whipple with two troops of cavalry and
a Gatling gun to watch Looking Glass, and
moved the rest of his command across the
river. Through pouring rain they toiled
up slopes so slippery that several pack mules
lost their footing and rolled down the moun-
tain, gathering terrific momentum, to de-
struction at the bottom. When the column
reached the summit, Joseph was gone.

  Meanwhile Whipple had found and
struck Looking Glass, capturing six hun-
dred ponies but proving unable to prevent
the Indians’ escape. Shortly he was him-
self desperately besieged at Cottonwood
Ranch by Joseph who, as feared, had
crossed the Salmon and wiped out a scout-
ing party of a lieutenant, a sergeant, and
nine troopers. None too soon, Howard
got back over the river and relieved his
beleaguered subordinate.

  It began to dawn on the Army that it was
up against something unusual in Indian
generalship. Troops had been singing a
refrain based on the spiritual, Turn Back
Pharaoh’s Army. Now apparently General
Howard was being cast in the role of
Pharaoh, and the Nez Perces as the Chil-
dren of Israel. They, their flocks and their
herds, were led by their red Moses over
REARGUARD ACTION	57

rivers without supernatural division of the
waters. Howard, pursuing, found Joseph,
united with Looking Glass and now two
hundred and fifty warriors strong, en-
trenched by the south fork of the Clear-
water River.

  On July 11, 1877, battle was joined, a
fierce conflict more than once hand-to-hand.
The Nez Perces shot like expert riflemen.
Many soldiers were hit until they dug in
with their trowel bayonets. Then they were
pinned down behind their breastworks by
the Indian fire. An instant’s exposure
could be fatal. A soldier who lifted his
head took a bullet through the brain. An-
other tilting back his canteen to drink its
last drops of water—the Indians held the
only spring—felt whistling lead cut off the
canteen’s neck at his lips. One officer who
held up his hand was shot through the
wrist, and another, who jumped to his feet
for a second, dropped with a neat hole
drilled through his chest.

  Joseph seemed to be everywhere. His
shouts of command could be heard, now in
one part of the line, now in another. Sev-
eral times horses were shot under him, but
he was untouched. One of the charges
he launched outflanked his adversaries and
almost took the pack train which was saved
only by arrival of reinforcements. Another
galloping onslaught was a veritable red
Charge of the Light Brigade except that it
was eminently successful. Joseph not only
drove through to his enemy’s artillery but
captured it and rolled the guns back toward
his own lines. They stood, abandoned and
useless, in no man’s land.

  That night war drums boomed in tri-
umph in the Indian camp, and the scalp
chant’s terrifying hum-hum-hunt rose in its
crescendo to wild, whooping climax. At
daybreak the fusillade resumed, and the
Indians crept closer. But now occurred a
supremely gallant episode which would
prove the turning point of the battle. Lieu-
tenant C. F. Humphrey, Fourth Artillery,
led eleven men in a dash into the enemy’s
lines to recapture the artillery. Three
soldiers were killed, two seriously wounded,
and the lieutenant and one other slightly
wounded. But back raced the heroic party,
bringing off the guns and the dead and
disabled.

  Howitzer shells and a stream of lead
from the Gatlings forced the Nez Perces

back into their trenches. Cavalry com-
manded by Captain Marcus P. Miller
charged the Indians’ left. They turned it
and rode cheering in on the rear. Under
such a blow many a foe would have broken
in wild panic. Not so Joseph. He counter-
charged and checked the Blue horse while
his riflemen held off Howard until he could
retreat across the river to a formidable
new position. There he again entrenched.

  The Indian loss was heavier than that of
the Army, but the Battle of the Clearwater
had been a near thing. Joseph had been
forced to withdraw but had done so in good
order. His line of retreat to the safety of
British Columbia was still open.

ENERAL HOWARD sent back his
wounded and pushed doggedly on.
Joseph delayed him, first by a parley which
came to nothing, then by skirmishing. He
then resumed his retreat through the fertile
Kamai Valley where the peaceful northern
Nez Perces were settled. They neither
joined nor attempted to hinder him, though
a few later served the pursuers as scouts.
Joseph now urged his faithful band on to
the Lolo Trail through the Bitter Root
Mountains. Blocked often by huge bould-
ers and fallen trees and cut by deep ravines,
it was, as General Sherman once declared,
“one of the worst trails for man or beast on
this continent.” Over it hastened the war-
riors, women and children, the aged, the
driven herds. Many a pony was ridden to
death, but there was no dearth of remounts.
And the fugitives drew away from the
troops, keeping from two to three days
ahead.

  Fast as the Nez Perces travelled, there
was something far swifter: the invention of
a portrait painter named Morse—the tele-
graph. Over the wires, now become a
potent factor in this campaign, clicked or-
ders for the interception of the hostiles as
they approached the other end of the pass.
Captain C. C. Rawn with fifty Regulars
and a hundred citizen volunteers was wait-
ing behind fortifications when Joseph be-
gan to descend toward the valley.

  Joseph demanded free passage, promis-
ing to harm no one as he went. Rawn of
course refused. While a fierce fire was
opened on the fort, the bulk of the Nez
Perces slipped around it through unknown
trails and streamed on through the valley.
58	FRONTIER

Settlers, finding they were not to be raided,
not only refrained from giving the soldiers
any aid but profited handsomely by selling
the Indians supplies, including rifles and
ammunition! Only one storekeeper re-
fused. He banged the door in red faces,
and whether through admiration for his
courage and decency or because Joseph had
spoken against molestation, the hostiles left
him unscathed.

  On they pressed through the Rockies and
camped in the Big Hole Basin of Montana.
The weary tribe rested, believing them-
selves safe for a few days since Howard
was far behind. But the Whispering Wires
had been busy again. On telegraphic or-
ders, Colonel John Gibbon came fast from
Helena, Montana, with six companies of
his Seventh Infantry in wagons, a howitzer,
and volunteers—about two hundred men.
On August 8, 1877, his scouts sighted the
Indian camp. The unsuspecting Joseph
had posted no sentries. An attack at dawn
the next morning caught him completely
by surprise.

  Gibbon, who moved his men up close
with the stealth of an Indian stalker, as-
saulted the village on three sides. Women
screamed in the bullet-riddled tepees.
Naked warriors burst out, rifles in hand.
Soldiers fired at such close range that blaz-
ing muzzles powder-burned red chests.
Wreathed in the blue smoke of battle, mad-
dened men cursed and clubbed guns, batter-
ing skulls. A fighting Irishman, William
Logan, who had enlisted as a private in the
Civil War and now was a captain, stood
face to face with an Indian chief, the two
of them blazing away with their revolvers.
As the chief fell, his sister wrenched the
smoking weapon from his hand and shot
the officer through the head.

  The village was Gibbon’s in twenty min-
utes. Under so disastrous a blow, other
tribesmen might have fled. The Nez
Perces were sterner stuff. Joseph rallied
them in the thickets by the river. His
sharpshooters watched for insignia of rank
and picked off officers and non-coms, out-
lined against the burning lodges. Charge
after charge was hurled against the Blue
battalions. Red men and white fired point-
blank into each other’s bodies.

  It was no question of victory now but
of life and death. Gibbon, his losses heavy,
sent a galloper up the valley to bring on

STORIES

Howard and retired from the village to a
knoll. There two lines, back-to-back, dug
in and held off the foe with a steady, accu-
rate fire. All day the battle raged, and not
until late that night did the firing die down.

  During that afternoon the wagon train
and a piece of artillery had moved up to
within five miles of the scene of combat,
formed park and fortified. At daylight
three non-commissioned officers and three
men limbered up the howitzer and, led by
a scout, started to join Gibbon. As they
were going into position on a bluff half a
mile from the village, the alert Joseph
spotted them. Thirty Nez Perce horsemen,
bent low over their ponies’ necks, raced
toward the gun. Before the terrifying
spectacle of an Indian charge, the nerve of
two of the cannoneers broke and they ran.

  The rest of the gun crew stood by their
piece in the best tradition of the artillery.
They got off two rounds before the red
riders closed in on them firing. Capture
certain now, the crew put the howitzer
temporarily out of action by throwing the
barrel off its trunnions. As they retreated,
Corporal Sayles was killed and Sergeants
Daily and Fredericks wounded.

  The warriors who had captured the how-
itzer further disabled it by taking off the
wheels and hiding them. Had Joseph been
able to teach his tribesmen to man a gun as
well as he had trained them in infantry and
cavalry tactics, the Battle of the Big Hole
might have ended then and there. A storm
of shells bursting unexpectedly in the
trenches on the knoll must have cleared
the way for another furious Nez Perce
charge which even the valiant defenders
could hardly have withstood. But artillery
is a technical arm which requires special
training. The howitzer’s captors could do
no more than disable it, a severe enough
blow to the Blue. And the redskins’ exploit
netted them a welcome bonus: two thou-
sand rounds of rifle ammunition on pack
mules which had accompanied the gun team.

  After the loss of the artillery, Gibbon’s
situation on the knoll grew more critical.
Food gave out, and the command was re-
duced to cutting chunks from a dead horse
and eating them raw since they dared not
light a fire. That ration had to serve until
a splendid dash, led by Sergeant Mildon K.
Wilson, brought through the wagon train.
All day long the deadly fire of the Nez
REARGUARD ACTION	59

Perce snipers never ceased. Every rifle in
the blue line was needed to reply to them,
and then there were not enongh. All the
officers from the commander down picked
up guns of dead or wounded men and
joined the firing line. Finally a red sharp-
shooter got his sights on Colonel Gibbon
and squeezed his trigger. The bearded Civil
War veteran, hit in the thigh, had himself
propped up against a tree and continued
coolly to direct the defense.

  Pick off the enemy’s officers. Silence his
artillery. Joseph’s superb savage general-
ship employed the best tactics of “civilized”
warfare. And now he even staged the 1877
equivalent of a gas attack. With the wind
blowing strongly toward the knoll, he or-
dered his warriors to fire the dry prairie
grass. Clouds of smoke, blinding and suffo-
cating, rolled on to the troops in the
trenches. For a few desperate minutes,
with the Nez Perces mustering for a crush-
ing, overwhelming charge, the Battle of the
Big Hole was close to becoming a second
Little Big Horn and the wounded Gibbon
another Custer.

  However it is called—good luck or an act
of God—the only thing which, probably,
could have saved the gasping men in the
blue there on the knoll happened. When
the blazing fire was only a few yards from
the entrenchments, the wind veered. Shift-
ing dead about, it blew the flames back on
their own smouldering embers where they
died out. A hoarse cheer rang out, as half-
choked doughboys and troopers stood to
arms again.

  On the third day General Howard came
galloping up at the head of two troops of
cavalry. Joseph’s scouts had told him of
the coming relief, and under cover of night
he and his tribe load vanished. His casual-
ties were eighty-nine dead, including some
women and children, to the Army’s twenty-
nine killed and forty wounded. But he had
only narrowly missed victory and he was in
the clear once more with a commanding
lead.

IT was evident that more troops would be
needed if so formidable and elusive an
adversary was to be rounded up, but no
more were immediately available. At this
time serious labor riots were occurring in
the East, and frontier posts had been
drained of Regulars to support the Militia.

  Since Gibbon and his command were
hors de combat, Howard took the pursuit.
The one-armed general, figuring that
Joseph would march southeast through the
Rockies toward Yellowstone National Park,
sent a detachment under Lieutenant George
R. Bacon to bar the Indians’ way in
Tacher’s Pass.

  Bacon rode fast on direct lines, occupied
the pass and held it for two days, with
never a sign of the Nez Perces. Then he
started back to report to his commanding
officer. In the meantime Joseph had ex-
ecuted a master stroke of strategy. When
his scouts informed him of the departure
of Bacon’s detachment and of the fact that
Howard was standing fast, the chief halted
his retreat. He mounted up forty-five of
his braves, formed fours and in the dead of
night rode straight into Howard’s lines. A
sentry, seeing a cavalry column looming up
in the dark, mistook it for Bacon and his
men returning. The riders were past him
before he belatedly challenged and gave
the alarm. Whooping and shooting, Joseph
and his warriors swooped down on the
camp. They drove off all the pack mules.
Troop horses were saved, for the most part,
by their secure picketing, but the Indians
cut hobbles and stampeded some of them.

  Amid the confusion three troops were
pulled together and galloped furiously in
pursuit of the raiders. Joseph was waiting
for them. He hit them head-on and on
both flanks. Two troops reeled back, and
the third was cut off and surrounded in a
lava bed where it dismounted and fought
for life. A lieutenant was struck by a
bullet which entered one hip pocket and
went out the other, having pierced both
buttocks. Indian snipers crawled close
enough to shoot one soldier in the back at
fifteen feet. Other defenders dropped,
badly wounded, but the position was strong
and they held it. When Howard came up,
Joseph was gone—off through the now-
open pass. Pursuit was stalled by the
necessity of sending back for more pack
mules.

  Through the August glory of the Yel-
lowstone rode Joseph and his Nez Perces.
That region had been made a National Park
five years previously. Though it was still
little known, two parties of tourists, van-
guard of the millions who now -visit it
annually, were enjoying camping trips
60	FRONTIER

there. They were well equipped and armed
against possible encounters with bears, tame
descendants of which roam the park today.
They were not, however, prepared for
Indians on the warpath.

  The party from Radersburg, Montana,
consisting of six men and two women, was
suddenly jumped in its peaceful camp.
Joseph’s strict orders that the women be
not harmed were obeyed, but one of the
men was killed and a second shot and left
for dead.

  Two of the ten men in the other party,
which was from Helena, Montana, were
killed. One of the survivors was the camp-
er’s Negro cook who soon after he had
dodged the Indians had just as narrow an
escape from a large and angry bear.

  Joseph pushed on. But the telegraph was
clicking frantically again. Troops began
closing in from various quarters. The
Fifth Cavalry rode down from the Little
Big Horn country. Six troops of the
Seventh under Colonel Samuel D. Sturgis
advanced to block the red anabasis. The
indomitable Howard still hung stubbornly
on the trail. And now when Joseph was
hardest pressed, his scouts for once failed
him. They reported that a strong force of
troops lay in his path across the shortest
and best route to Canada. As a matter of
fact, the force was only a small detachment
of cavalry under Lieutenant Hugh L. Scott.
This fatal misinformation diverted Joseph
into a long, difficult detour,

  “We knew,” declared the chief, “that the
distance was great, but it is easier to travel
and fight than to die.” Due north through
Montana he urged his tiring tribe. Critical
though his dilemma was, his genius was
equal to it. He swerved, deceived his pur-
suers and left them baffled behind him.
When he could no longer avoid it, he
halted and at Canyon Creek on September
13, 1877, gave battle to three hundred and
fifty cavalrymen from Howard’s and Stur-
gis’s commands. Valiantly Sturgis stormed
the ridges, held by the Nez Perce riflemen.
He captured nine hundred ponies and ex-
acted a toll of twenty-nine enemy dead for
his own loss of three. But his men and
horses were exhausted when night fell and
he could not prevent Joseph’s escape.

  On Joseph marched, brushing aside small
bodies of troops in his way, on toward the
Bear Paw Mountains, only thirty miles or

STORIES

so from the Canadian border. He reached
them and made camp—rest for the weary—
beside Snake Creek on the mountains’ north
slope.

JOSEPH could not know that there was
still another Army column to be reck-
oned with. Far off to the east Colonel
Nelson A. Miles was waiting at Fort
Keogh, Wyoming, for a report. Galloping
couriers brought him despatches from
Sturgis detailing the probable route of the
Nez Perces. There might yet be time to
intercept them.

  Miles moved at once with six companies
of the Fifth Infantry, some of them
mounted; two troops of the Second Cavalry,
three of the Seventh, white and Indian
scouts, and two field guns. And he moved
fast, covering two hundred and sixty-seven
miles in twelve days. On the cold, stormy
morning of September 30, 1877, he was in
position to attack. Battle orders issued, the
troops closed quietly in on the crescent-
shaped ravine where the Nez Perce tepees
were pitched.

  Some say Joseph believed he had crossed
the border and was safe. Howard and
Sturgis had deliberately held up their pur-
suit so as not to alarm him. At any rate
he had no sentries out.

  Down on his camp thundered the cavalry
and mounted infantry, sighted only as they
broke from cover for the last dash. Yet
not even the shock of the surprise could
break the stalwart Nez Perces. In the
camp and on the ridges Joseph rallied his
veterans. Troops of the Second Cavalry
captured the pony herd, but the Seventh,
charging a ridge, faced a deadly blast of
fire. Captain Moylan and Lieutenant God-
frey, survivors of the Little Big Horn, were
shot from their horses, severely wounded,
and many another saddle emptied all along
the line. The Seventh, its fighting spirit
undimmed, dismounted, deployed and
thrust ahead. Close to the summit, it was
halted but held on. There an orderly from
Miles found the squadron commander,
Captain Owen Hale, lying among the prone
troopers who were maintaining a rapid fire
on the enemy. “The General’s compli-
ments and he directs”—the orderly began
the military formula. But Hale didn’t turn
or answer. He was dead. Every other
officer but one of the squadron had been
REARGUARD ACTION	61

killed or wounded in that charge. Casual-
ties were fifty-three out of one hundred and
fifteen engaged.

  Joseph not only held his camp but under
fire made it strongly defensible. With
knives, tomahawks, frying pans, and a few
spades, the toiling warriors dug entrench-
ments, startlingly modern in their trans-
verses and connecting galleries. And
Joseph had sent messengers galloping to
Canada to beg Sitting Bull to ride to his
rescue. The Sioux horde was only a day’s
march distant. If it came riding down on
Miles’ rear—

  Miles also sent for reinforcements and
pressed the siege with all his might. He
brought up his guns and shelled the camp.
Sitting Bull did not come. Instead he
moved deeper into Canada; he had had
enough of the U. S". Army.

  For four days Joseph held out. Then,
at last, a white flag fluttered over the Nez
Perce trenches.

  A warrior advanced with Joseph’s affect-
ing message of submission:

  “Tell General Howard that I know his
heart. What he told me before I have it
in my heart. I am tired of fighting. Our
chiefs are killed. Looking Glass is dead.
The old men are all dead. It is the young
men now, who say ‘yes’ or ‘no.’ He who
led the young men [Joseph could not bear
to name his slain brother, Ollicut] is dead.
It is cold, and we have no blankets. The
little children are freezing to death. My
people—some of them—have run away to
the hills, and we have no blankets, no food.
No one knows where they are—perhaps
freezing to death. I want to have time to
look for my children, and to see how many
of them I can find; maybe I shall find them
among the dead. Hear me, my chiefs, my
heart is sick and sad. From where the
sun now stands, I will fight no more for-
ever.”

  It was nearly sunset when Joseph him-
self rode into the Army lines, head bowed
with grief, hands clasped on a rifle over
the pommel of his saddle. Dismounting,
he strode slowly toward the spot where
Miles waited with General Howard who
had ridden up with a small escort. Veter-
ans still recall the dignity, the noble aspect
of the great chief. From where his scalp
lock was bound with otter fur his hair fell

in long plaits over his chest. There were
bullet scars on his cheeks and wrists and
bullet holes through the gray blanket over
his shoulders. Silently he proffered his
rifle in surrender to Howard. The general
generously motioned it toward Miles.

  The surrendered tribe straggled in, a piti-
ful procession—eight-seven warriors, forty
of them wounded; one hundred and eighty-
four squaws and one hundred and forty-
seven children, some of them also wounded
and all starved-looking.

  With the unhurt warriors shackled', the
chief and his band were escorted to the
nearest post. There an Army band was
guilty of a petty and tasteless gesture of
triumph in playing a selection from a cur-
rent musical comedy: No, No, Joseph.

  Worst was the stain on the nation’s
honor by its disposition of the conquered.
Miles had pledged the tribe would be re-
turned to a reservation in Idaho. The Gov-
ernment coolly repudiated the terms of sur-
render and sent the mountain Nez Perces
to Indian Territory where the climate deci-
mated them. Although Miles’ hands were
tied at the time, that honorable officer
never rested until in 1884 he succeeded in
arranging the return of the tribe to their
home lands. There Joseph lived to old
age, the patriarch of his people, counselling
them against fire-water and other vices and
keeping his promise to fight no more for-
ever.

GENERAL SHERMAN called the Nez
Perce War one of the most ex-
traordinary of which there is any record.
He praised the tribe’s skill in using advance
and rear-guards, skirmish lines, and field
fortifications and for its forbearance, after
the first outbreak, from scalping, mutila-
tions, and, for the most part, from wanton
slaying of civilians.

  The Army had lost twenty-six in killed
and wounded to Joseph’s two hundred and
thirty-eight. In spite of great superiority
in strength and the invaluable aid of the
telegraph, it had been outgeneraled and,
much of the time, outfought. Yet the
Army could take pride in bravery displayed
on every field and in the dogged persever-
ance which had prevented the escape of
the Nez Perces to Canada and won in the
end.
OX-CARTS TO EMPIRE

By RAY NAFZIGER

        A creaking ox-cart saved tenderfoot Sam 'Walls from the
        desert’s deadly grip. And an ox-cart carried him on a
        peril ride to even a score with the hell-town of Fortuna,

SAM WALLS stepped from the stage
coach, as it rolled to a stop in For-
tuna, jingling the remaining gold
eagles in his pocket and looking like a man
who craved action.

  Sam was a tenderfoot. A no-good young
tenderfoot who had come west and was
recklessly squandering an inheritance of
several thousand dollars. Part of the
money had gone in Tucson, gambling and
helling around, until somehow he had gotten
on the weekly stage to Fortuna. And For-
tuna was a tough little town with most of
its toughness stemming from the Gibroy
brothers who owned the largest saloon, a
big supply store and the wagon freighting
line to Tucson. Both brothers could, it
was said, cool a keg of beer by just casting
their reptile-cold slate eyes over it.

  It was unlucky for young Walls—but
inevitable—that he fell into the Gibroys’
hands.

  “Action is it you’re wanting, friend?”
asked Eb Gibroy genially, and took the
tenderfoot in tow.

  They had a few drinks at the Gibroy
bar; from there it was only a few short
steps to a poker game run by Nate Gibroy.

  “Mr. Walls wants action,” Eb Gibroy
told his brother.

  Young Walls remembered a day-and-
night spree in the Gibroy saloon, and after
that nothing. When he woke up, he found
himself in a section of what can well pass
for hell on earth—an Arizona desert. The
morning sun was already pouring down a
shriveling heat over sand and rock and
cactus.

  “How did I get here?” croaked Samuel
Seton Walls miserably, but he was too
sick to even try to guess. Thirst was turn-
ing his throat and mouth to hot ash, while

62

a triphammer operated under a skull al-
ready as hot as the iron lid of a cook
range. He lay, clothed except for a hat,
near a tall giant cactus with nothing to
be seen in a hundred miles but mountains
shrunken to blue haze in the oven of sky
and earth. He sat up and yelled hoarsely
for help. Panic-stricken at the silence,
he got to his feet and started to run, taking
a dozen lead-footed staggering steps be-
fore he went down.

  He got back a little sanity then. He
had to save his strength, there not being
much of it. Once more on his feet, fight-
ing off waves of black nausea washing
over him, he headed for a little hill from
which he hoped to sight the town of For-
tuna. Atop it, near exhaustion, he was
able to place himself. Fortuna he realized
lay far beyond a chain of hills to the north.
It was farther than any man could hope to
walk in this blazing sun without water;
in his condition, poisoned by bad liquor,
already so thirsty that he suffered the tor-
tures of the damned, it was hopeless.

HE had been transported far out on
the desert and dumped, he guessed,
likely on the orders of the Gibroys who
wanted to get rid of him in such a way that
he wouldn’t live to squawk at having been
robbed in their saloon. Young Walls
cursed in despair and again in a panic
started walking blindly in the sun. Again
he had a little atom of sense—enough to
fashion a framework of sticks covered with
his big red neckerchief to shield his bare
head from the broiling sun.

  After that he just walked aimlessly, pant-
ing, becoming weaker, stumbling and fall-
ing repeatedly to fight like a madman to
get back on his feet.
Before Gibroy could fire again, Sam’s lash darted in.

 Walking with each step only a few
shuffling inches, he headed for a rocky
pinnacle. It gave him a destination and
an offer of shade. Beyond that he was too
far gone to think. When he had wakened
he had been deathly sick from rotgut and
maybe some kicks on the head, but that
was nothing to the sickness that came as
the sun literally cooked his tissues dry.
If he had been fat, Sam Walls would have
died the first hour, but he was spare and
thin, with the legs and lungs of a distance
runner.

  He collapsed just as he reached the pin-
nacle. A warning rattle came from a
snake using the same shade but when
Walls lay indifferent to the threat, the
snake slithered away.

  Walls knew he was close to death; the
buzzards would soon gather to pick his
bones clean. The pain of swelling tongue
and tortured throat, the fever of his burn-

ing body, grew steadily while the trip-
hammer still rose and fell in his bursting
brain. Numbly he prayed for death, a
quick one.

  He had lain perhaps an hour when into
the welter of agony crept an added tor-
ture. A sound. A high-pitched hellish
note that penetrated Walls’ sick brain to
rasp against each separate cell.

  He tried to think he was imagining it, but
when it grew louder, he rolled over and
forced his bloodshot eyes to stare into the
blazing waste. And there moving waver-
ingly in Walls’ blurred gaze was an ox-
cart, drawn by a string of oxen, threading
its way through the gaunt sahuaros, its
square wooden pole frame piled high with
cargo. Beside the oxen walked a man.
The ox-cart explained the hellish noise;
it was the squeak of the dry wood axle
against the holes in the solid wheels made
of sawed sections of cottonwood trunk.

63
64	FRONTIER

  So slowly did the outfit move that at
first Walls thought it a mirage. Noise,
however, didn’t go with mirages. And
suddenly for Samuel Seton Walls that
noise was music! Life!

  The cart was due to pass two hundred
yards away and he gathered himself to get
to his feet and walk toward it. What
began then was the hardest fight Walls
had ever made, a desperate gasping strug-
gle first to get to his knees. He rolled on
his face and pushed up with his arms.
Resting, he tried again to get to his knees
but trembling muscles simply couldn’t lift
the leaden weight of his body. It was no
go. He was too far gone.

  Sobbing in despair, he tried to yell, but
his faint croaking was no louder than the
buzz of a small rattler. And on squeaking
wheels, foot by foot, life was passing him
by. He was like an exhausted shipwrecked
sailor on a raft, unable to wave an arm to
a passing steamer.

  One last hopeless attempt he was able
to make. Taking the makeshift hat he had
made of his neckerchief, he placed it on
his right foot. Lying on his back, strain-
ing every muscle, lifting on the leg with
his hands he managed to raise it above
him, to move it to and fro feebly.

  There was one chance in a thousand that
the bullwhacker would see it—and the
whine of the ox-cart passed on. Walls
collapsed, lying like an empty sack, all will
and hope drained from him.

UNCONSCIOUSNESS came merci-
fully, and then pain again. Water
was trickling against his horribly swollen
tongue. Walls opened his eyes to look
into the face of a gray-mustached Mexican
holding him in his arms. Then the water
stopped and feebly Walls fought for more.
The Mexican shook his head.

  “Too mucho water ees no good. Too
mucho water kill joos like too mucho no-
water.” He spooned a little more water
against Walls’ blackened tongue and then
bathed the heated body with a wet rag.

  Again Walls’ senses faded. When he
came to it was dark and he was lying on a
blanket by the side of the ox-cart, with a
small fire a few feet away. From a sooty
pot the leathery-faced Mexican trickled
down Walls’ throat a little warm coffee
with a dash of potent Mexican liquor.

STORIES

  Walls with the Mexican acting as nurse
slept fitfully during the night. By morning
he could chew on a flat cornmeal tortilla.
When the ox-cart journeyed on south,
Walls was lying in a little depression on
top the load, with a piece of tarpaulin
raised above him for shade.

  The springless cart jolted him unmerci-
fully, but he didn’t mind that: the cart
meant water and food—life. For three
days they traveled to reach a desert tank
where the oxen could fill up on water and
graze on a little coarse forage. Here the
Mexican camped for two days, resting for
the real ordeal of the journey which was
directly ahead, a long desert sink so hell-
ishly hot that travel must be at night.

  By then Walls was able to eat his share
of beans and jerky and tortillas. From
the little English the Mexican spoke, Walls
learned that they were bound for a village
somewhere far to the south—a place called
San Justo. His rescuer’s name was Justo
—Justo Reyes.

  For two days the long-legged yellow and
brindle and spotted Sonora oxen had grazed
on the little patch of forage, chewing their
cuds solemnly and filling themselves to
bursting with water, as if they knew what
lay ahead. Here after two huge barrels of
water were lashed to the ox-cart, they
went on into the night. The stars were
so close that one could almost touch them.
The driver popped his whip and sang Span-
ish songs. Walls himself for some reason
felt like singing.

  They traveled all night and part of the
morning, stopping in the shade of a rocky
hill when the sun became unbearable.

  At dark when they went on Walls started
to climb back into the cart, but Justo
grinned and shook his head, kicking his
rawhide zapateros against the ground.

  “Too mucho es’-sand,” he explained.
“Too mucho por bools. You more better
walk, no?”

  Walls got the point. The sand was loose
and deep; a passenger meant too much
extra weight.

  Grumbling, sweating, he trudged along-
side the creaking cart laboring through the
deep sand, watching the sand particles fall
from the wheels in little moonlit cascades.

  For him still weak from his ordeal, the
first hour was hell. But the oxen moved
so slowly that he could keep up; through
OX-CARTS TO EMPIRE	65

the deepest sand with necessary rests they
could travel at but little more than a mile
an hour. Again in the morning they
camped, the men to lie in the shade of the
cart, the oxen to eat the grain Justo carried
for them.

   Night after night as they crawled through
the emptiness under the low-hanging stars,
a change came over young Sam Walls: a
re-birth.

HIS hair-thin escape from death’s door
had started it. And now, moving
with the plodding oxen, hearing the whine
of the slow-rolling big wood wheels and
the occasional popping of Justo’s big whip,
Walls fell in spirit into the same slow
pace. Falling under the spell of a desert
night and the unhurried march of the oxen,
for the first time in his life Walls was
happy. So happy he occasionally yelled
jubilantly at the stars.

  He was having a good time, just walking
along with Justo and those snail-like steers,
camping to eat brown beans flavored with
hot chili, chewing jerky, devouring stacks
of tortillas, drinking coffee made from
alkali waterholes. He helped Justo yoke
up the big steers and spelled Justo off in
driving them, swinging the big whip, mak-
ing it pop like a gun. Justo was a master
hand with a whip, able to send the lash to
a target as surely as a man could shoot a
bullet. Young Walls learned fast; for
hours at a time he swung and popped the
braided length of rawhide.

   They pulled out of the desert finally, into
the foothills of a high peak, to roll up a
canyon which widened suddenly into an
oasis of green fields guarded by a settle-
ment of brown adobe houses. This was
San Justo, to which the ox-cart was bring-
ing supplies from the outside world. The
whole populace flocked to greet Justo’s cart,
staring wonderingly at the stranger. Justo
exhibited Walls proudly, relating how he
had seen the moving cloth out of the corner
of an eye; how he had debated going to
investigate; how he had brought Walls
back to life.

   Justo took Walls in to live with his large
family, and Walls fell in with the peaceful
life of the village. San Justo liked the
blond young gringo and he liked the simple
people of San Justo.

5—Frontier Stories—Fall

  They showed him their wheat fields, the
rows of green corn as tall as young trees,
their chili and bean patches, all irrigated
from the little canyon stream. On the ad-
joining slopes and ridges ran cattle and
sheep and goats and in and out of the vil-
lage wandered great flocks of tame turkeys.

  There was no way for Walls to leave,
but he did not want to go. He was content
to live in the village, to help in the fields,
hoeing corn and beans, cutting wheat with
a scythe to be threshed by the hoofs of
goats and taken to the molino to be ground
into flour.

  He needed no money. Money in San
Justo almost had no existence. Although
their granaries were overflowing with grain,
there was no place to sell it. They had
cattle and sheep to feed ten times their
number of people, but there was no market.
As for turkeys, a whole city could have
been provided with Thanksgiving birds.

  When fall came to San Justo, those tur-
keys gave an idea to Walls who had Yankee
trading blood in him. In the town of For-
tuna there would probably not be a single
gobbler for Thanksgiving. He remembered
a story he had heard of a Californian who
had driven a big flock of turkeys to a
Nevada mining town to sell for the holi-
days. Why couldn’t he make a similar
drive to Fortuna? Justo was planning
another trip for supplies, and he could
carry feed and water for the turkeys. The
summer heat was over.

  Walls bought the birds and their feed
for next to nothing, using some twenty-
dollar certificates sewed in his leather belt
where they had escaped the notice of the
Gibroys. In October they started, with
the turkey flock following the creaking ox-
cart out of the mountains, hazed along by
Walls and two helpers. Luck was with
him. The desert’s heat was not unbear-
able for the birds. At night light bamboo
poles were set up as roosts.

  Arriving in Fortuna two weeks before
Thanksgiving, the flock was corraled like
cattle and offered for sale. For each bird
Walls got a flat five dollars, except for a
few raffled off for much more money. In
a few days every back yard in Fortuna had
a turkey tied by a leg, waiting execution.

  The Gibroy brothers were away :n Tuc-
son bringing a wagon train of supplies for
their store and saloon. Sam Walls had
FRONTIER STORIES

66

not forgotten he had a score to settle with
them; he had no doubt that they had
stranded him on the desert.

IT was partly his trading instincts and
partly the desire to settle with the
Gibroys that took him to see Vance Cogwell,
owner of the Silver Queen mine which was
Fortuna’s sole excuse1 for existence.

  “I suppose you know the Gibroys are
getting rich fast selling flour and meat to
your miners at hold-up prices?” Walls
asked the mine owner.

  Cogwell looked at Walls, shrewdly ap-
praising him. “Their prices are high,” he
admitted. “But the Gibroys claim they pay
big money for flour in Tucson and that
freighting it here across the desert with
mule teams is costly. There's been plenty
complaints that the Gibroys charge robbery
prices but can you do any better ?”

  “I can sell good flour, not that sawdust
the Gibroys handle, for less than half their
price. For your Mexican miners I can
bring in meal ground from blue flintcorn,
the only kind fit for making tortillas, at a
third of what the Gibroys charge. The
same goes for the beef and mutton I can
deliver here.”

  “If you do all that,” Cogwell warned
him, “you’ll be fighting the Gibroys. And
they’re tough men to buck.”

  Walls grinned bleakly. “I found that
out. There’s a lot of grain and mutton
and beef down in San Justo. I’ll make it
my business to freight it up here.”

  Cogwell shook his head. “That’s a long
stretch of waterless desert to cross.”

  “Not for ox teams. They’re slow but
sure. They get where they head for;
they’re made for the desert. The deserts
can lick mules and horses but they can’t
lick ox teams.”

  In the town he bought all the available
sacks and enough heavy wire to use for
the barrels which he planned to have native
carpenters make in San Justo. Then he,
Justo and the turkey herders started their
long journey back, Sam Walls turning over
schemes in his head as he trudged beside
the ox-cart.

  He would set the little mill to grinding
wheat and corn day and night. From his
turkey sales he had enough capital to buy
a few oxen and carts of his own; the rest
he would hire. The remainder of his money

would go to purchase cargoes. Meanwhile
he would hire other carts to take grain
and fodder up the trail to be left to feed
the cattle and sheep he planned to drive
to Fortuna later.

  On his return trip to Fortuna young Sam
Walls led a train of a dozen ox-carts,
groaning under loads of wheat flour and
cornmeal, dried beef and mutton, frijoles
and chili and garbanzos.

  The vehicles creaked into the yard be-
hind the little store of an Anglo with whom
Walls had arranged to handle his San
Justo freight. Even before the carts were
all unloaded, news of the low prices to be
charged for San Justo flour and other sup-
plies brought the town rushing to stock
up with flour and jerky and beans, enough
to last them for weeks.

  Those prices, cutting a half under the
Gibroys, must have been a thunderbolt to
the brothers. Walls knew the two weren’t
the kind to surrender their profits without
a fight. He expected trouble and he had
worn a .44 single-action Colt into San
Justo. While the ox-carts wended their
way north, he had practiced shooting the
weapon; he would need practice, for Eb
Gibroy was counted a professional gunman
and his brother Nate was almost as expert.

  When he went to see Cogwell, the mine
owner greeted him worriedly.

  “You made it all right, this trip,” ad-
mitted Cogwell. “But can you keep it up ?
Summer as well as winter?”

  “Keep it up?” Walls asked surprised.
“I’ve just started. Next trip I’m bringing
in sheep and cattle to be held here and
butchered out as needed. There’s enough
flour and beef and mutton in San Justo to
feed two towns like this. I’m taking a
stock for a store in San Justo so I’ll be
carrying cargoes both ways. I’ll have a
train leaving San Justo every month.”
“Steers are mighty slow,” said Cogwell.
“Slow but sure,” said Walls. “You
needn’t be afraid of oxen failing to get
across the desert. Those long-horned
Mexican steers may get down to skin and
bone but they don’t quit traveling.”

  “The Gibroys called on me today,” said
Cogwell. “They said if I allowed you to
freight in here they’d quit. I told them I
wouldn’t stop you, but that means depend-
ing on your ox teams to feed the town.
OX-CARTS TO EMPIRE	67

We’ve got to be sure your ox-carts get
here regularly.”

  “They’ll get here,” said Walls confident-
ly. “And later on I’ll start ox teams
freighting between here and Tucson.”

  “See that they get here,” said Cogwell
brusquely. “If there should be a food
shortage, the mine would have to shut down
and that would ruin me. I’ve got a cer-
tain payment to make every month; if it’s
not made, the mine will be taken away
from me. And better watch out for the
Gibroys; they’re killers.”

  “That’s no news to me,” returned Walls.
With his train of carts he pulled out that
afternoon, taking the street that passed
the Gibroy saloon. Justo had advised him
to take another street. Sam Walls himself
thought that might be smart but he had
too much pride to dodge the Gibroys. It
would be easy for them to blast him down
from a doorway as he passed but he doubted
they would try that. Fortuna would not
stand for a bushwhack killing. If one of
the pair, however, should kill Walls in an
open gun fight, he would go clear.

  Walls, in the lead with his bull team was
approaching the Gibroy saloon when Eb
stepped out to stand in the middle of the
street. Eb was wearing a sixshooter and
his face was contorted with rage.

WALLS, with his rawhide braided
whip looped over his shoulder, the
butt in his hand, stepped forward as the
oxen halted. He had a flashing memory of
the torture which he had undergone on the
desert and rage shot through his slim body
in hot flashes.

  “Damn you, Gibroy, out of the way!”
he yelled.

  Gibroy smiled a little and then suddenly
his hand darted down to his sixshooter. He
had no doubt but that he could best this
tenderfoot in a gun duel.

  Walls in his fury queerly wasn’t think-
ing of the .44 on his hip. He was no gun-
man; he was a bullwhacker. The shot-
loaded butt in his hand rose and went
swiftly back to send the whip length for-
ward with the speed of lightning. Gibroy’s
Colt had just cleared leather when the split
end of the lash struck his face. It hit just
below the right eye, gouging out a chunk
of hide and flesh and temporarily blinding
that eye. Gibroy bellowed savagely, a roar

that was heard for blocks, but despite the
pain he leveled the sixshooter and fired. It
was a blind shot, the slug passing ten feet
over Walls’ head. Before Gibroy could
fire again, the lash darted in again, to gash
open a cheek. It was more than Gibroy
could bear; he dropped his sixshooter and
flung up his arms to cover his head.

  A warning hiss came from Justo behind
Walls and he swung to see Nate Gibroy
coming from the saloon, carrying a Win-
chester carbine.

  Again Walls sent out the long bull whip.
It curled around Nate Gibroy’s neck, fas-
tening there in a tight loop. Walls jerked
on the whip just before Nate pulled the
trigger. The shot from the rifle dug into
an adobe wall across the street.

  Gibroy, throwing down the lever of the
Winchester in hot haste, was off balance
and a two-handed jerk on the whip yanked
him from his feet. He scrambled to his
knees, however, to raise his rifle for an-
other shot. Walls ran in, to strike with
the leaded butt of his bull whip. It
smashed into Gibroy’s jaw, knocking him
flat, but doggedly he turned the barrel
toward Walls.

  Walls kicked the barrel aside and struck
again. This time Gibroy crumpled as if
he had been kicked by a mule. It was
only then that Walls thought of the six-
shooter he carried. He drew it, to turn
toward the saloon doorway, on guard
against attack from the hard cases that
tended bar and trimmed suckers for the
Gibroys. None of them even stuck out a
head; for one reason Justo had his old
muzzle-loading shotgun to his shoulder,
ready for action.

  As Nate Gibroy groaned and moved a
little and his brother cursed with the pain
of his slashed face, the town marshal came
running up. He was not needed; the fight
was over; the Gibroys had had enough.

  The ox-carts rumbled on out into the
desert. It was miles before Walls’ anger
subsided. He should have killed the
Gibroys, he realized, as they had intended
to kill him. Alive, the Gibroys were a
deadly menace. They would try to get
him again, the next time from ambush.

  That attack did not come on Sam Walls’
next trip north when he brought sheep
and cattle. Nor did it come on the second
one. It did not even come when one of
68	FRONTIER

his newly-purchased ox-cart trains went
boldly to Tucson to haul out supplies for
the mines and to bring merchandise to
Fortuna. Part of those supplies went to
San Justo—taking to the village steel plows
and grain reapers, carpets, window glass,
furniture, bolts of cloth, dresses and hats,
mirrors—things which had passed for im-
possible luxuries in San Justo before the
coming of the gringo ox-cart freighter and
trader.

  The mule and horse teams of the Gibroys
could not compete with the oxen and their
bullwhackers and the Gibroys began to
withdraw from the freighting business.
Slow the oxen were but sure, and “Sure
Slow” Walls the young freighter came to
be called.

  Walls was losing his uneasiness over the
Gibroys when without warning they struck.

HE was in San Justo at the time, hav-
ing sent a train north weeks before.
Walls was leisurely getting ready to fol-
low with another caravan when the Fortuna
store-keeper who handled his San Justo
flour and meat shipments rode in on a horse
that was all but dead from the long desert
trip. He shouted hoarsely for Walls.

  “Hell’s broke loose,” he burst out when
Walls appeared. “Gang of men dressed
like Apaches jumped your last ox-train just
south of Fortuna. Burned the loads and
the carts. They weren’t Apaches. The
Gibroys hired them, but it can’t be proved
—the Gibroys were in Fortuna at the time.
And more’n that, the Gibroys been send-
ing men into my store to buy up all the
flour and beans in stock. I sold out clean,
figuring on that train coming in. The
Gibroys claim their store is empty. That
means there’s no grub in town. People
there will starve.”

  “Can’t you get stuff hauled from Tuc-
son ?”

  “The Gibroys won’t haul anything and
other freighters are too scared of the
Gibroys’ ‘Apaches’, to make the trip.
What’s happened is that the Gibroys are
in cahoots with the bank Cogwell owes
money to for developing his mine. If
there’s no grub, the mine will have to shut
down. That means Cogwell can’t make
his payment on time, and he loses the
mine.”

  Sam Walls’ mouth tightened. Cogwell

STORIES

had depended on him to get grub to the
town; now through no fault of his own,
Walls had failed. Rather than starve, the
miners would quit Fortuna; try to trek
out with their families to Tucson afoot if
necessary.

  Walls swore. “I’ll get you a fresh horse
to ride back to Fortuna. Tell Cogwell to
sit tight; I’ll have grub there. It’ll be
there sure and this trip it won’t be slow.”

  He began shouting orders. Boys raced
out to drive in oxen from pastures, while
the rest of the village hurried to load carts
and to fill water barrels. In two hours ten
ox-carts loaded with food and barrels of
water were rolling north, drawn by the
strongest oxen of the village and accom-
panied by a dozen men, all well armed.

  It was the beginning of the hot season
again, and making speed in the killing heat
seemed impossible. There would be no
water until they reached Tinaja Asul, the
tank where a supply of water was found
the year around. To provide water for
the dry haul Walls was taking two extra
carts loaded with barrels of water; these
would turn back after the water was used.

  Hour after hour, the big carts rolled
northward, to the tune of creaking axles,
popping, whips and the hoarse shouts of
drivers. Sam Walls headed the caravan,
setting the pace and planning the stops
ahead to take advantage of a little avail-
able forage which could be used to eke
out the feed carried on the carts.

  A furnace-like heat billowed in on them
immediately they dropped into the sand
rock waste of the long sink. Walls knew
then that the drive would be a man-killer
and ox-killer. They could not afford to
travel only at night, laying over the long
hot days; they could rest only a few hours.
Water was doled out sparingly, just enough
to keep the oxen moving, and when that
was gone, they judged they could barely
reach the Tinaja Azul, after which a
long dry stretch remained to Fortuna,
broken by a single spring.

  The steers bellowed mournfully when
the water gave out, but they moved through
the furnace-like heat unfalteringly, great
horned heads bowed under the cottonwood
yokes, pulling steadily through sand and
dry and rocky washes. The eight food
carts halted only in the extreme heat of
the day.
OX-CARTS TO EMPIRE	69

  Ahead loomed through the heat hazes
the sharp peak in which Tinaja Asul pro-
vided a never-failing store of water. Miles
distant from the peak the steers seemed
to remember that water, for they quick-
ened their pace, and the drivers had to
force themselves to keep up. They moved
all of one day to pull after dark into a
rocky bowl rimmed with clumps of high
prickly pear growing out of sand and
stone. In that rocky bowl a series of
pools caught flood water. The carts
halted and the drivers strode wearily with
pails to the edge of the first pool.

  Then at what they saw, from a dozen
cracked lips came loud curses. The tanks
were dry. Tracks showed that a band
of riders had halted at the place to empty
the reservoirs, leaving only a cracked plas-
ter of dried mud in the bottoms.

WALLS stood, shoulders drooped, too
overwhelmed by this disaster to curse
the Gibroys. It was four days’ drive to
the next water, a small spring that could
not be harmed by the Gibroys. The oxen
could never make it nor could they reach
water on the back trail. They were done,
and he would have to fail Cogwell and
Fortuna, leaving the people there either
to starve or try to make it out to Tucson.

  Recovering a little, Walls suddenly
cursed the desert as he had done that day
when it had nearly killed him: blaspheming
the great emptiness baked by merciless
sun, its rocks and sand and the high weird
growths of prickly pear which grew in
huge-stemmed clumps about the tanks. He
had lied to Cogwell when he said the desert
could not lick oxen. It had these oxen
licked. It had him licked.

  Then he glanced at the prickly growth
again, and stopped swearing. He was
wrong. They weren’t licked—not yet. The
men had returned to slump by their ox-
carts, exhausted. Walls shouted at them
and led them up the slope to the nearest
clump of prickly pear. Several men car-
ried machetes and with these they set to
work, hacking out piles of the great oval
pulpy stems, while the others dragged them
to a fire to singe off the spines. Chopping
them into pieces, they carried them to the
oxen. The animals only snuffed at them,
refusing to eat, although the bruised pulp
held undoubted moisture.

  Walls had an idea: he brought out kegs
of sorghum from the carts and smeared
the sweet thick liquid over the pear. The
oxen began to chew. The pear was a poor
substitute for water, but had lived for
months on waterless mesas obtaining both
moisture and food from the arid vegeta-
tion. The San Justo draft steers were
cousins of those camel-like animals. Or-
dinary farm draft oxen would never even
have reached the tank, but these steers
were rawhide tough and they had fighting
hearts; their breed had died in the bull-
rings fighting hopeless odds. They were
tough enough now to eat prickly pear plants
and to move the carts on when they had
rested. Part of the loads were cached
near the tanks and in their place the carts
carried great bundles of the prickly pear
for use on the way. There was enough
succulence in the plants and the sorghum
to enable the animals to chew the dry pear
and move steadily on through hell, al-
though they gaunted down until their big
ribs pushed out the thick vari-colored hides.

  When the train pulled up out of the long
sink, the carts rolled along more easily.
What was a journey of four days they did
in less than three, to reach the spring. It
was too small to provide more than half
rations of water, but Fortuna at last was
within striking distance. Which meant
also that the Gibroy gang was within strik-
ing distance of the ox-carts. The store-
keeper had taken back word that the carts
were coming; it was only reasonable to
suppose that the Gibroys would plan to
prevent their arrival.

  Anticipating an attack, the drivers car-
ried their weapons ready for action while
Sam Walls ranged ahead of the caravan,
scouting several miles in advance of the
creaking carts.

  He discovered the Gibroy gang one
night—a dozen men or more, camped on
the far side of a ridge near a little slot
through which the carts would have to
pass. Plainly they were waiting here to
attack; to surprise the San Justo drivers
as they strung through the rocky defile.

  Walls hurried back to the train and or-
dered camp made. It was four or five
hours until morning. After resting until
near dawn,, he led all but two of the driv-
ers to approach the ridge of rock from
the back. Crawling close to the camp
70	FRONTIER

fire which by now was a bed of coals, the
group waited until down trail the loud
squeaking of axles and wheels sounded,
two carts moving along the trail.

  One of the men sleeping about the fire,
Ed Gibroy, got up to kick up the flames.
The camp was in a little cup where the
light of the fire would be hidden and a
breeze would blow the warning smoke
away from the moving carts.

  “Get up, they’re coming!” said Eb Gib-
roy. “And don’t let a man git away. This
time we’re makin’ it a massacre, so bloody
a killin’ there won’t be any more freighters
darin’ to come out of San Justo.”

  This was to be, Walls guessed, a simple
massacre of all the ox-cart men so there
would be none left to tell whether the
attackers were Apaches or not. If this job
was done right, the Gibroys would be
masters of Kortuna with a share in the
big silver mine and rich enough to silence
any suspicions that they and not Apaches
had perpetrated the ox-cart massacre.

NATE Gibroy joined his brother and
in leisurely fashion the other men
prepared to get up. There sounded the
click of a rifle—one of the San Justo
weapons—being cocked. Eb, placing a
coffee pot on the fire, turned his head.
“Who’s there?” he called.

  “Me, Sam Walls,” came the reply from
the rocks rimming the little cup. “Those
carts you heard are only two; the rest of
us have got you surrounded and covered.
Put up your hands, all of you.”

  Eb Gibroy growled and whirled, to fire

STORIES

his six-shooter at the unseen speaker. A
blast from Justo’s shotgun sent him reel-
ing back, to fall by the side of the fire.
His brother snatched up a rifle and sent
a bullet ricochetting off a boulder by Walls’
side. Then a half-dozen teamster guns
roared together, spinning Nate Gibroy
around before he fell. Two other men
in the gang tried to get into action but
the little fire revealed them and they went
down. The rest, realizing it was suicide
to resist that ring of guns, raised their
hands high and submitted meekly to being
disarmed.

  Eb Gibroy was dead; Nate lived an hour
or so before cashing in. By then Walls
and three of the San Justo teamsters were
ready to ride to Fortuna, using the horses
captured from the gang. They took in the
prisoners, electrifying the town with the
story of the ambush. They returned with
two wagons loaded with barrels of water.

  Then the carts moved on.

  It was late that night when the caravan
reached Fortuna, the squeaking carts roll-
ing along the main street, with the moon
silvering the tips of the big horns. All
of Fortuna’s population lined the street to
cheer hoarsely and to run out and pat the
rough hides of the animals that had saved
them from disaster.

  The mine owner Cogwell was moved
into taking off his hat to the tall gaunted
creatures plodding into the town.

  “Sure Slow” Walls, the one-time tender-
foot who had been saved by. an ox-cart,
in turn had used an ox-cart caravan to save
from disaster a whole town.

DETECTIVE BOOK MAGAZINE

Craig Rice’s famous trio of amateur detectives—Jake Justus of the red hair and
ready knuckles, his wife, Helene, equally devastating of wardrobe and wit, and
J. J. Malone, of the Chicago criminal bar—and any other neighborhood bar—
provide you with the wildest, most enchanting reading you’ve ever encountered

in *	Detective Book Magazine’s $2.00 Booklength Novel

 HAVING WONDERFUL CRIME

By CRAIG RICE

An Inner Sanctum Mystery
PONY EXPRESS

A FOAM-FLECKED PONY rears to sudden halt ... its grinning, dusty rider leaps
groundward, flinging sweat-stained saddlebags to the waiting station agent. . . .
Eager hands open the sealed, bulging pouch. . . . The Pony Express has arrived!
Then, as the trail-worn courier tells friends of his hazardous journey—perhaps
of blizzard, sandstorm, or scalp-hunting redskins—welcome news from far places
travels on excited voices through the crowding throng. ...

LETTERS TO FRONTIER are much the same as this—carrying news, asking
questions interesting to all those thrilled by the Old West. PONY EXPRESS
provides a meeting place for all FRONTIER readers. We will print the most
interesting letters received, whether critical, praising, or questioning. Writers’
names will be printed in full unless initials are requested. Address FRONTIER
STORIES, 461 Eighth Avenue, New York City 1, N. Y.

                                           THE EDITOR

COVERED-WAGON PASSENGER

Sirs :

  I have been given a copy of your magazine
Frontier Stories and like it so well that I have
sent for the next issue.

  Those old-time letters please me as I was a
covered-wagon passenger and remember many
humorous and thrilling incidents that occurred on
the six-months’ trip through the Indian-infested
country when the savages were on the warpath.
Naturally, I enjoy the stories about those strenu-
ous times.

                      Mrs. E. J. Anderson,
                      Gilroy, Calif.

FROM THE OREGON TRAIL

Sirs:

  Having read “Oregon Ho!” and “Sabers and
Scalp-Knives,” by William Heuman, I must say
that he really knows his subject. And he does
keep the suspense stalking through.

  Some authors write at great length about their
characters, their emotions, etc.; but he merely
writes enough about the people in his stories so
that you can get an idea of what they are like,
then he writes the story with one event following
another until the conclusion.

  I lived in Idaho for sixteen years before mov-
ing to the Oregon coast by way of the old Ore-
gon Trail and I know many old-time yams of
the region. Whenever pioneer picnics were held,
I was always on the front bench to hear the
authentic tales from the old-timers themselves, of
their trials and hardships in settling the West.

  From all of my knowledge of the early frontier
days, I truly agree with other Pony Express
writers in saying that there is more truth than
fiction in Frontier Stories. And I want to add
that Mr. Heuman’s stories are really lifelike.
I enjoy Frontier Stories very much, and am
sorry they are not published oftener than four
times a year.

                            Fern Farris,
                            Rainier, Oregon

Sirs :

  I started reading your magazine last summer
and cursed my luck for not running into it
sooner. One reason that I like your mag is that
it does not feature a bunch of singing cowboys.
,The characters in the stories you publish are not

just a group of people who talk and shoot; they
are the very spirits of those men who died on the
Little Big Horn—men who hunted, trapped, and
scouted the rolling plains of the wilderness—and
of the frontier women who stood by their men-
folk through thick and thin. And even the Amer-
ican Indian, who usually plays the under-dog in
your stories, can be proud that writers have not
forgotten his heroic fight to keep his West free—
the West that strengthened the American empire.

  Today the white man and the red man still
fight; but they are united against a common foe
•—the Jap.

  I especially liked the installments of Fairfax
Downey’s “Indian-Fighting Army.” I would ap-
preciate it if you could tell me where I could
buy the complete book. Union cavalry stories
are my dish. “Sabers and Scalp-Knives,” by
William Heuman, was a six-shot story.

                  Vincent Stephen Petterson,
                  Chicago, 111.

•jAr The Downey book may be a little hard
to get. Try a book store, and if that
doesn’t get results send to Charles Scrib-
ner’s Sons through the bookseller,

TRASH—OR HISTORY

Sirs:

 I have been reading Frontier Stories and
other Westem-story publications for a long time,
and I have never written a letter either criticiz-
ing or favoring the respective magazine. But,
after reading Eustace Rutherford’s letter con-
demning the many magazines which try to bring
back in the minds of the people the days of the
old West, I say, what utter rot!

  Did it ever occur to this connoisseur of read-
ing matter that there might be a great many
people who enjoy this “trash”?

  Mr. Rutherford criticized wagon people for
fighting Indians. How does he suppose the West
was settled?—with bean blowers?

  If everybody had the Rutherford viewpoint,
there would be no point in fighting for our coun-
try. After all, in a few years the history of this
present war would be only “outdated trash.”

                        James Tatlow, Jr.
                        Lawrence, Mass.

71
HELL’S CARAVAN

By M. HOWARD LANE

THE Carson Sink Camp was an

oasis to those emigrants who had
travelled near three thousand miles
t® view fabled California, and at the same
time it was a disappointment, for the high
barrier of the Sierra Nevadas still lay be-
tween them and the promised gold of the
Sacramento.

  Willow-lined Argonaut Creek, and a

few gnarled sycamores gave their modi-
cum of shade to the camp where incoming
emigrant trains rested galled and weary
oxen before going on.

  Here a man who had been, misfortune’s
victim might find an opportunity to join
some on-going train. That at least was

72
Dust in the east, and Thorpe Daniels hailed it as a boon.
He could not know that the coming caravan was marked
for a fearful end in a desert of whitened bones.

A Novelet of Treachery

Thorpe Daniels’ hope, but as the weary
weeks had passed and no Conestoga cara-
van had lifted high tilts above the desert’s
eastern edge he had almost ceased to hope
for the coming of a wagon-master who
might find a place for a scout with a
crippled hand.

Thorpe flexed his fingers as he took his

on the California Trail

accustomed afternoon seat on a tall boul-
der at the edge of the Creek camp. From
the rock he could watch for sign of wag-
ons making their slow way here across the
Salt Desert.

  The eyes of friendly women in the emi-
grant camp, where a few families had de-
cided to wait through the winter before

73
74	FRONTIER STORIES

tackling the long onward- trail to Oregon,
watched Thorpe sympathetically. They saw
him seated, then shook their heads sadly,
and their tongues began to clack.

  One shook her head worriedly.

  “I hear tell from that last trapper who
come through that Sioux on the plains
have slaughtered so many emigrants that
none are making it across South Pass. An’
them that have reached Salt Lake are be-
ing forced to pay the Mormons tribute.
I wonder what’s going to happen to that
poor Thorpe Daniels?”

  “I have heard it said,” the woman’s
companion answered; “that Mr. Daniels is
apt to strike out for California alone if
a train doesn’t come along soon. And
he’s just the one to take that chance. A
shame it is, that the pack of trappers and
scouts who brought him here couldn’t have
waited until his fever was gone before
pulling out. What if his hand was caught
in a beaver trap by accident? I still can’t
see why they didn’t wait for his health to
mend. Particularly after they told me he
stood high in the councils of mountain
men.”

   “He insisted that they go on,” the first
woman explained patiently. “He is not a
man to be burdensome to anyone. And
now that he can hold a rifle again you
know that the game he has brought in has
been worth more than its weight in that
California gold people brag about. He’s
more than paid back our kindness. For
one, I hope he stays the winter—”

  Her voice trailed off at she stared un-
seeingly off to the west.

  As he hunched atop his lookout, Thorpe
knew that he was the subject of conversa-
tion beneath the sycamores, and the knowl-
edge made his ears feel hot. Grimly he
went to work flexing his right hand, trying
patiently to force resilience into muscles
that time alone would knit. Yes, time.
And until that hand was good as new,
Thorpe Daniels knew bitterly that he could
not strike out for California alone.

  Slowly he twisted on his hard seat, a
long, wide-shouldered man in travel-worn
buckskins and Crow moccasins. He let
his agate-brown eyes wander westward
across wide leagues of dangerous desert to
the towering barrier of the blue Sierra.
Beyond those mountains lay the golden
valley of the Sacramento, mecca of thou-

sands since a nugget had been found in the
mill-race of Sutter’s sawmill at Coloma.

  More than the lure of nuggets in Amer-
ican River gravel, though, was calling
Thorpe Daniels to California. It was the
same urge that had made him disobey a
father who had insisted on the completion
of a college career for which he had no
taste. Restlessness was what some men
call it. Fiddle-footed. And yet the real
truth was that ten years spent on the fron-
tier had not brought him contentment, for
he could not be sure just what he was
seeking—

  That was why he stared at the distant
blue of pine-clad Sierra, and the savage
dun hue of the Salt Desert. It was why he
wished glumly that he was already there
in that yonder land beyond the mountains.
For, somehow. Thorpe had the feeling that
his restless days would end in California,
perhaps on some oak-shaded rancho where
a man could grow with a new State.

  If only a caravan would come. One
willing to take a cripple on with them. He
could support the barrel of a rifle in that
right hand now, but the fingers would not
close enough yet to grasp the Green River
blade at his belt, or hold the weight of the
long Navy Colt holstered at his opposite
thigh. He could not hoist an ox-yoke, or
handle an axe; but he could sit a horse
and his eyes were keen.

  Dispiritedly, Thorpe turned back from
his contemplation of the peaks that barred
him from California, and as he switched
his long length around, something that
none of the Carson camp people had seen
in a long time caught his eye. It was dust.
Dust billowing high into an azure, cloud-
less sky!

  Dust kicked up by the hooves of plod-
ding oxen. Dust rolling upward from be-
neath high Conestoga wheels. A caravan
was coming—at last!

A SHOUT that he couldn’t hold back
left Thorpe’s lips. He saw figures
in the camp beneath the sycamores spring
to their feet; men and women alike. They
came pellmelling toward his lookout rock
and their cries echoed his own shout.
Worn faces began to smile. Children in
homespun raced about with glee, for they
knew there would be youngsters in the
approaching train with whom to play. Men.
HELL’S CARAVAN

running low on tobacco showed their hope-
fulness of replacing dwindling supplies.
The women thought of news they might
learn. And Thorpe thought that now he
might be able to start on the last lap of his
journey to California.

  Purple shadows were washing over the
Salt Desert by the time the incoming train
splashed across the ford of Argonaut
Creek. Gaunt oxen wheeled high-tilted
Conestoga and Pittsburgh wagons into an
open section of the camp, and Thorpe
watched the scene from his place on the
high rock. He had asked Eph Saunders,
the camp boss, to get word to the wagon-
master of the incoming train that a man
was here who wanted to hook up with their
outfit. It would break the ice when he
approached the leader of the new caravan.

  But even as he thought about it, Thorpe
felt a frown growing on his forehead.
Eyes that years of frontier living had
sharpened saw things about this new batch
of emigrants that he couldn’t understand.

  One oddity immediately caught his at-
tention. The travel-stained women of the
caravan were making no attempt to greet
the emigrants’ wives already settled in this
Carson Sink camp. There was a sullen-
ness about them that was hard to under-
stand. The men, too, were going about
the task of rounding the cavvy with un-
accustomed haste into the wagon circle
they had formed. Others were cutting
wood, and keeping to themselves. Still
others were silently unyoking the weary
oxen.

  It was that silence which puzzled
Thorpe. Making camp was usually a
noisy, boisterous undertaking.

  One man, bigger than the rest in quilled
buckskin, appeared to be their leader. His
movements about the camp were quick and
lithe as a cougar’s. A magnificent mane
of black hair reached back to the beaded
collar of his leather shirt. When he was
near, Thorpe noticed that men jumped to
hurry their tasks.

  “A regular he-heller,” the scout mut-
tered half to himself.

  Carson camp emigrants who had been
joyfully awaiting the sight of new faces,
and new tongues to bring them word of
happenings along the Oregon-California
Trace, were slowly retreating toward their
own wagons in abashed confusion.

75

  “Beats me,” a voice muttered from the
base of the rock.

  Thorpe looked down. Eph Saunders
was staring up at him out of puzzled blue
eyes. “I ain’t never seen a bunch like that
before,” he confided. “Stand-offish as all
git out. Their cap’n, that feller in the
frilled breeches, calls hisself Bent Arcane.

I	told him we had a feller wanting to hitch
up with them, and he’s willin’ to talk with
ye. He don’t have no remarks to make
concernin’’their back-trail. Just don’t have
nothin’ to say ’ceptin’ they are pulling out
come mornin’.”

  Thorpe had noticed another thing about
the mystery caravan. “Their stock is
g’anted pretty bad,” he told the camp boss
as he slid to the ground. “A smart cap-
tain would rest up for a couple of days
before tackling the desert ahead.”

  “I know that as well as you!” Saunders
snapped irritably. “There’s something
funny about the outfit. Twelve wagons
Arcane’s got, and that don’t seem like a
proper-sized train for crossin’ plains and
mountains. Most captains wait until they
can get leastways twice that number be-
fore striking out from Council Grove—’’
Everything Eph Saunders had said was
true, and Thorpe knew that the camp boss
was hoping that he would not press his
chance to go on with an outfit that acted
so strangely.

  “I’d wait over, Eph,” he murmured as
they approached the new camp, “except
that I’ve got to get started for California
pronto if I expect to get there before
Sierra snow blocks Emigrant Gap.”

THORPE ducked beneath a wagon
tongue tilted to the endgate of the
Conestoga ahead as a girl popped her head
through the opening in the tilt above him.
“Oh—” Thorpe heard her say in surprise,
and he glanced up and straightened.

  “You—” she began again.

  “I’m from yonder camp, ma’am,’*
Thorpe told her politely, and the smile that
came to his lips was the most spontaneous
that had touched his face in months. “I’ve
come to see if your captain will take me
on to California,” he explained.

  The girl had been lovely and would be
lovely again when the fatigue of this long
journey was out of her bones. Tiredness
showed in the fine lines etched about he?
76	FRONTIER

red lips, and in the shadows beneath her
dark eyes. Her body was slender, and
yet rounded beneath the drab brown of her
dress. But as he studied her, Thorpe read
more than fatigue in her face. Fear, sor-
row, or both had keyed her to a tight pitch.

  He watched the girl’s lips part, and then
suddenly close at the sound of a step be-
hind him. He had already heard the whis-
per of moccasins, but the expression that
crossed the girl’s face had kept him from
turning. Now as he saw the words she
had been about to speak freeze on her lips,
he swung without undue haste to see who
was approaching.

  The black-haired leader of the caravan
stood there, but for a moment Bent Arcane
ignored the crippled scout. His eyes,
blacker if possible than his hair, were
tipped up to the girl in the wagon.

  “Sarah,” he said sharply, “your mother
is asking for you.”

  “I—I was just going to help her,” the
girl stammered, “when—when this gentle-
man surprised me.”

  She started to climb down across the
end-gate, and natural courtesy made
Thorpe step forward to help her. Without
thinking, he lifted his right hand and caught
the girl’s elbow, but as her weight came
against his palm pain leaped to his shoulder.
Instinct made him lose his grip, and sweat
broke on his forehead. Pain had whitened
his lips when the girl looked up.

  “I’ve hurt you!” she exclaimed.
“Mister—”

  “Daniels,” Thorpe muttered. “Don’t feel
bad about my hand. It’s ached a heap sight
worse.”

  “I’m Sarah Bums,” the girl said, and her
smile was friendly.

  She was probably twenty-one, but Bent
Arcane treated her as though she were a
child, or a chattel of his own. “If you
don’t get to helping your mother and the
rest of the women prepare supper, you’ll
find yourself hungry,” he warned coldly.

  Thorpe watched her speed from them
and her run was graceful as the flight of a
falling leaf. After she had joined the other
women about the cook-fire, Thorpe made
another slow turn to face the mystery cara-
van’s leader, and he realized instantly that
a more inopportune meeting could not have
been arranged. Arcane’s face was long and
gaunt. Even in the heat of this high desert

STORIES

it looked chilly. But there was nothing
chilly about his eyes. Hell-fire and damna-
tion burned in their depths. Bent Arcane
wanted no man to look twice at Sarah
Burns.

  “You’re the one Saunders was talking
to me about,” the captain said abruptly.

  Thorpe nodded carefully. “Yes,” he
admitted. “A trap caught my hand when
me and some pards made a set this side of
Salt Lake, just for luck. It was luck, all
right, but tne wrong kind for me. Blood
poison set in. I made my friends go on
and leave me here. The women in this
camp saved my hand, but it ain’t much use
yet. Howsomever, it’s good enough to han-
dle a rifle and ram home a ball. My eyes
ain’t bad either when it comes to pickin’
up Injun sign, so I figured I might scout
and hunt for my keep.”

  Thorpe watched Arcane’s eyes narrow,
and he was braced for the captain’s “no.”

  But the exact opposite was coming.
“Ever been to Califomy before?” Bent
Arcane asked. At the shake of Thorpe’s
head, he seemed pleased. “I think we can
use you, Daniels,” he said crisply. “You’ll
eat with the rest of us. We’re well found,
and I’ve copies of maps Colonel Fremont
made when he and Kit Carson crossed
Walker Pass into Owens Valley. It will
cut a hundred or more miles off the regu-
lar route over Emigrant Gap.”

  Words were on Thorpe’s lips, but he
stifled them. John C. Fremont, with Kit
Carson for guide, had found and named
Walker Pass, all right. But this train was
already far north of the path, those explor-
ers had blazed in 1844.

  Thus Bent Arcane was either stupid, or
a liar—and the captain did not look stupid.

  Why was this man purporting to lead
his train of a dozen wagons over a short-
cut into California’s promised land when
the route he wanted lay far to the south,
Thorpe asked himself, and he found no
answer in his mind. Time might give him
the solution, and suddenly the scout knew
that wild horses could not keep him from
accompanying this mystery caravan.

  “You’ve hired a hand, Arcane,” he mur-
mured. “I’ve my own horse, a bay gelding
named Ranger. He’ll be glad to travel
again, and so will I. Our worst danger
from here on will be the Paiutes. They’re
lizard-eating coyotes who will fill a man
HELL'S CARAVAN	77

with arrows if they get him alone. Other-
wise they will concentrate on your herds.

I	hear they have a taste for ox meat.”
“You have heard a lot, Daniels!” The
train captain’s long narrow face had hard-
ened. “And I hope you will keep your
fears to yourself. We do not discuss mat-
ters that might rouse concern in the cara-
van. Good night to you now, and be
ready on that Ranger horse of yours to
pull out in the morning.”

  Thorpe nodded, and he wondered if he
could manage to keep his temper under
control for the long leagues that still lay
between them and California.

  “I will do my best,” he murmured.

  “One more thing, before you leave,”
Bent Arcane snapped as Thorpe turned to
go. “You might as well know that Sarah
Burns is my intended wife. She and her
mother are travelling to California under
my personal escort.”

  Thorpe felt his lips draw in against his
teeth. “I shall remember,” he murmured.
He turned and walked away.

  Eph Saunders met the scout along
the creek on the way back to the main
camp. “And what do you think of that
outfit ?”

  Thorpe walked a few paces before an-
swering. “I think,” he said finally, “that it
is a caravan full of fear and hatred.
Arcane is playing a game, and he is using
human beings for his chess men—”

II

tf/'TATCH UP, catch up!” That cry
v> for five days now had awakened
Thorpe at each dawn. Five days, fifty
miles, and the Sierras seemed no nearer.
They were still a blue barrier barring the
southern horizon, but the dun desert was
very real about them. Paiutes lurked in
cut-bank washes, eager to drive off the
cavvy that followed under heavy guard be-
hind the lumbering wagons.

  Two dozen cattle, in one lightning raid,
had been lost and one of the guards had
died in the attack, his body riddled with
arrows. They had buried him alongside
the dim Trace.

  Wing scout for the caravan, Thorpe was
away from the wagons between each dawn
and dusk which gave him no opportunity
to speak alone with Sarah Burns. And as

for the evenings, talk was out of the ques-
tion. After the night meal each family
sought their own wagon. None of the
jolly group singing that made Argonauts
forget the hazards of the day was evident.
Nothing livened the drabness.

  It helped to increase Thorpe’s impres-
sion that something was wrong here.

  The sixth night came, and the Sierras
seemed miraculously nearer. The appar-
ent nearness of the mountains brought
smiles to the gaunt faces of women and
the harried lips of men who hadn’t smiled
in days.

  Thorpe watched Sarah Burns rise from
the circle where all were eating, and she
said clearly enough for all to hear: “This
is a night for song. I have a banjo in my
trunk, but mother has a lot of things
packed on top of it. Mr. Daniels, won’t
you come and help me get it? We’ll treat
the folks to ‘Oh, Susanna—**”

  “It is my chore,” Bent Arcane said
smoothly, and rose from his place beside
the cook-fire. “A man with a bad hand
shouldn’t be lifting packing cases.”

  “My hand,” Thorpe said, and he hardly
recognized his own voice, “is fine.”

  Bent Arcane’s laugh was chilly as the
snows that would soon mantle the Sierras.
He came stepping toward the scout, and
Thorpe found himself moving forward to
meet the man. He caught a glimpse of
Sarah Bums’ frightened face, and then
the girl was trying to step between them.

  Thorpe brushed her aside with his good
arm. “This had to come sometime, Sarah.
One man’s got to be tall around here.”
“It won’t be you, Daniels,” Arcane spoke
through set, handsome lips.

  The captain lashed out with a whistling
blow, and like a dancer, Thorpe ducked.
“You’ve got to do better than that,” he
taunted, hoping his words might blind
Arcane with fury. He sent his own left
looping out as he spoke, and the blow
grazed the captain’s cheek.

  Arcane’s fists came then like driving
pistons. A blow on the chest staggered
Thorpe backward. A right smashed
through his guard, and he felt the salt taste
of blood in his mouth as gore spurted from
his nose. The captain was pressing his
advantage, boring forward deliberately step
by step, and the scout knew he was beaten.
His right hand would not close into a fist,
78	FRONTIER

and one stabbing left was not enough to
protect himself against the flailing knuckles
of the wagon master.

  “Stand and take it, damn you!” Bent
Arcane rasped.

  Thorpe had been constantly backing,
hopeful that he might yet draw the captain
within range of a left powerful enough to
drop him. Against his back then, he felt
the sudden heat of the community cook
fire, and he knew that another backward
pace would carry him into it.

  He took a single step forward, and
hammered a desperate left straight toward
the triumphant face of the wagon master,
but the blow found nothing but thin air,
for Arcane’s right had risen from the
neighborhood of his waist and hard
knuckles beneath his chin were lifting him
from his feet.

  Thorpe felt the powerful muscles in his
own body growing lax. There was no
strength left in his knees. He saw the
ground rising, and had only one vagrant
glow of satisfaction. He had kept his
head, and managed to refrain from strik-
ing a blow with his weakened right hand.
Then he was on the ground, and the blow
to his jaw had paralyzed him from head to
heel. Unconsciousness was coming, yet
oddly it was not here yet. He could still
see, dimly, and hear.

  He saw Bent Arcane loom above him,
saw the man’s hobnailed boot rise, and he
read the wicked intent in the other’s eyes.
He heard Sarah Burns cry out, and he
heard the hoarse voice of one of the emi-
grants exclaim:

  “Leave be, Arcane! We felt the same
as you when we split from Jim Carrigan’s
party, and started on alone. We owe Car-
rigan all the trouble we can make him, but
this feller wasn’t one o’ them. Leave be, I
say. Throw him out if yuh want for the
Paiutes to scalp, but I draw the line at
trompin’ him—”

HE had been tromped just the same.
That was the first conscious thought
Thorpe had when heat that seared his body
like the white blast from a furnace roused
him to consciousness. He tried to open
his eyes and failed, and for a terrorized
moment he thought his sight was gone,
then the realization came that dried blood
had glued his lids together. Thirst burned

STORIES

his throat, and every muscle throbbed with
its own individual song of pain.

  Some emigrant had remonstrated with
Arcane, Thorpe remembered dazedly. But
the caravan captain had tromped him just
the same. The emigrant had suggested
that they throw him out on the Salt Desert
for the Paiutes to scalp, and Thorpe, ex-
ploring blindly with his hand, touched brit-
tle sage and sand. The feel of it made
him want to laugh but he couldn’t, for his
tongue seemed cloven to his mouth. They’d
done a good job in that caravan of mys-
tery, was the wild thought that came into
his fogged mind. Yes, a damned fine job.
Abandoned him to the Paiutes and the
sun, while their wagons rolled on west-
ward.

  Another wave of unconsciousness was
sweeping over him, and he tried to fight it
with all the power of his will.

  “Go to sleep again,” he muttered the
words aloud in an effort to rouse himself
completely, “and you’ll never see Califor-
nia, and that rancho lookin’ out to the sea.”

  But the unconsciousness was coming de-
spite his talk, and yet oddly enough a girl’s
voice seemed to be coming right along with
it. “Thorpe, Thorpe. I’ve found you—!”

  It sounded like Sarah Burns, but Thorpe
knew that couldn’t be true. Bent Arcane
would never have given her the chance to
slip away from the caravan. That was his
last conscious thought.

  Then blackness swept over him.

  The sensation of being pulled through
scrubby sage that ripped at his buckskin
clothes, and of being slid as gently as pos-
sible down the steep sides of a cut-bank
wash, was the next impression that roused
the scout.

  “This ain’t the road to hell,” he heard
himself chuckle wildly. “It’s too hot down
there for sage and sand—”

  “Thorpe,” that feminine voice said
again, and water, blessedly cool, touched
his lips. A damp cloth was at his face sud-
denly, sponging the dried blood from his
eyes and nose.

  With an effort, the scout managed to
pry his lids apart. For an instant they
sagged back as though to close, and then
surprise jerked him to full awareness.
Staring unbelievingly up, he looked into
the face of the Argonaut girl.

  “Sarah!” The water had lubricated his
HELL’S

throat and loosened his tongue. “Sarah.
.You? Here? I—”

  “Don’t try to talk,” the girl com-
manded. “I left your rifle where I found
you. Rest until I come back. Here—” she
pressed a pitifully small leather water bag
into his hands—“drink when you get
thirsty.”

  Roused completely, Thorpe felt the
weight of the bottle. “We’ll save it for
later,” he murmured, and he had to fight
down the almost uncontrollable urge to lift
the bag to his lips and drain its last drop.

  Brain whirling with speculation, he lay
still, feeling the little water he already
had drunk start to bring the tingle of life
back to a body that had been mercilessly
beaten.

  Shimmering heat devils danced at the
rim 'of the dun-hued cutbank wash across
from him. Heat devils that would destroy
them unless more water could be found
quickly. And the Paiutes had a habit of
lurking near the water-holes waiting for
lost Argonauts, or men separated from
their wagons. There was another danger,
too. Sarah had not wasted her strength
to drag him into this deep wash without
reason. Evidently the fear was in her that
Bent Arcane and his men might come
looking for them.

  The thought made Thorpe glance down
at his right hand. He hadn’t had much
time to think about it, but now the sight of
his arm brought a chuckle to his lips. The
hand still wasn’t worth much, but Arcane
and his tromping boots had neglected to
undo the siow healing process by smash-
ing it a second time.

  That single fact was something a man
could almost take as a good omen. “But
we’ll need plenty more,” Thorpe muttered,
“before we make it back to the Carson
camp. I wonder if she managed to steal
a horse for us to ride?”

  He heard the crisp sound of the girl’s
small boots coming back to the wash, and
it was his answer. Sarah Burns had left
the mystery caravan on foot. Thorpe
pulled a ragged breath into his lungs.
Swiftly he calculated the miles they had
travelled away from the Carson Sink camp.
Six days, at ten or twelve miles a day.
There were waterholes along the backward
trail, but there were Paiutes, too.

  That knowledge was a challenge, and

CARAVAN	79

Thorpe accepted it as such. A girl with
the bravery of Sarah Burns deserved bet-
ter than a desert death. “We’ll make it
through,” he told himself. “I’m not going
to let her die!”

  She came sliding into the wash, and her
face grew radiant as she saw how he had
managed to prop himself against the bank.
“You’re better!” she exclaimed. “I was
afraid they’d broken an arm, or one of
your legs.”

  Sarah was wearing a boy’s hickory shirt
and brown corduroy breeches. At least
she wouldn’t be burdened with a woman’s
bulky clothes on the walk to come. In one
hand, Thorpe saw that she had his rifle,
powder horn, and shot pouch. In the
other she carried a weighted flour sack.
Crouched down beside him, she opened
the sack and spilled forth its contents.

  “Your revolver!” she said proudly. “I
thought we might need six quick loads in
case six Paiutes saw us all at once.” She
laughed, almost gaily. “And bread,” she
went on, “and jerked ox meat from the
last one we had to slaughter. So we won’t
have to turn into lizard-eaters, Thorpe!”

  Thorpe Daniels looked at the girl, and
he couldn’t understand her. She had been
sullen, tired, and fearful in Arcane’s camp.
But there had been the security of num-
bers. Now she was alone on the desert
with a man to whom she’d spoken no more
than a dozen words, facing the crazed
death that thirst brought, or the shattering
horror of a flint-tipped arrow in the back.
Yet she could smile. It brought back to
his mind all the strangeness he’d sensed in
the Arcane caravan. Questions filled his
mind, but there were more pressing mat-
ters to settle first.

  The girl handed him a bit of bread torn
from the loaf she had displayed, and a
strip of jerky. “Breakfast,” she said
gaily.

  Thorpe accepted the food, and even the
movement of laying it on his lap brought
torment to bruised muscles. “Talk comes
first,” he told her gravely. “We’ve got to
decide some things right now. I make it
close to sixty-five miles back to Carson
Sink, and death will be waiting for us
every inch of the way. Your outfit can’t
be more than five or six miles ahead—even
if they moved on without you.”

  Thorpe spoke slowly because the words
80	FRONTIER

were hard to bring out. “My—my advice
to you is to leave me this stuff, and head
back to them. You can walk faster than
oxen can pull a wagon. You’ll meet up
with them by sunset, and be safe again.
Stay with me—” Thorpe cut his sentence
short. Ears keened to habitual alertness
had picked up the sound of hooves out
along the Trace.

  With a movement as clumsy as an old
man trying to rise from a chair, the scout
pushed the water bag aside, and pulled
himself to his feet.

  Lithe as a fawn, Sarah Burns was al-
ready pressed against the bank, dark eyes
on a level with the lip of it. “Arcane,”
her whisper came faintly to the scout, and
he had never heard a word spoken with
more venom. “Kill him, Thorpe!” the girl
implored. “Shoot him while you’ve got
the chance. He’s more dangerous than a
mad dog. Kill him, Thorpe!”

IV

THORPE was silent for a time, trying
to remember Arcane’s talk to the
henchmen who had ridden out here with
him in search of his body. Arcane had
said that Sarah knew nothing. That none
of the emigrants knew his plans. And, as
he had raked spurs into Ranger’s tender
flanks, he had mentioned that something
would happen within a few more days.

  Something would happen in days that
were vital now, for evenings brought their
warning chill of snows to come, and wag-
ons that were to make California this year
had to be through Emigrant Gap ahead of
them.

  “There’s one thing certain,” he said
slowly. ‘Bent Arcane ain’t aimin’ to take
your outfit by way of Walker Pass. You
passed the cut-off to Owens Valley many
a mile back of Carson Sink.”

  “That’s what a lot of us surmised,”
Sarah Burns said. “It’s one of the rea-
sons the camp has been so glum and full
of fear. But we’ve had to stick with
Arcane because there just wasn’t anything
else we could do. Oh, Thorpe, I—I had
a half-crazy idea when I slipped out of
the camp to come and find you that per-
haps if I was successful we could back-
track and meet Jim Carrigan’s train.”
Thorpe looked at her, a smile turning

STORIES

his bruised lips. “You and me,” he
grunted, “are thinkin’ a lot alike right now.
How far back you figure his outfit to be?”
“I don’t know,” the girl hesitated.
“Arcane has pushed us regardless of loss
to our oxen since we parted company.
Carrigan was always careful to see that
we laid over in good camp-sites every few
days to rest our cattle.”

  “Which makes for faster time when you
do catch up and roll,” the scout said
thoughtfully. “Mebbe he ain’t more than
two or three days behind. Mebbe not that
far. If we’re real lucky we might run
into ’em this side of Carson Sink.”

  He stopped right there, knowing that if
he said any more he’d put fear into the
heart of a girl who had already suffered
enough torment. Two days, three, they
might last with the meager food she had
been able to bring. But they would need
water. And Paiute warriors, as incon-
spicuous as the darting brown lizards on
the dun earth, watched every hole.

  Thinking of water, Thorpe reached for
the bag they had both avoided. His hand
touched the leather, and seemed to freeze
to its flabby surface. Slowly, a little un-
believingly, he let his head swing around
and tip down. A stunted cactus, stubby
enough to pass unnoticed, grew in a slight
fold of the wash. The earth about it was
dark now, and damp.

  Sarah Burns had seen the incredulous
expression that crossed the scout’s bruised
face. “Thorpe!” She scrambled around
him, and her small hand snatched the limp
container. A few drops of water oozed
lazily from the rent bottom of the bag.
Like something to love, she held the bag
against her breast for an agonized mo-
ment, then Thorpe saw the caricature of a
brave smile touch her lips.

  “There, there’s still a little left,” she
stammered. “I—I’m not thirsty. You
drink it, Thorpe.”

  “No!” He spoke the word explosively,
realizing how the accident had occurred.
“I must have hit the bag with my hand
when I got up to take a look-see at Arcane
and his cronies. It landed on the cactus.
Only a fool like me would have been so
danged careless with something we need
so much. Now—”

  “Now,” Sarah Burns’ hickory shirt
stirred as she drew a deep breath, ‘‘we’ve
HELL’S CARAVAN	81

got to finu a water-hole,” and Thorpe knew
she was thinking of the Paiutes who might
be waiting for them.

  He rose with an effort that he tried to
conceal from the girl. Stiffness was com-
ing to take the place of pain in his battered
body. Teeth tight against his lip, he stum-
bled to the opposite rim of the wash.

  Behind his back, he heard the girl ask
simply: “How far is it to water?”

  Thorpe calculated swiftly. “The last
hole where we filled the barrels is nigh on
fifteen miles away,” he said reluctantly.

  The girl’s thin face cleared. “Why,
that’s not far. We’ll make it by midnight,
if we walk three miles an hour.”

  Thorpe felt the stiffness of his muscles.
“We shore will,” he said dryly, “if we can
make three miles an hour.”

  Night covered the Salt, and the glory of
stars overhead sprinkled the ruts of the
Trace with faint radiance. Under differ-
ent circumstances, Thorpe knew as they
plodded along, he would have considered
the desert beautiful. But this night, the
story was different. Every folded wash
and every silhouetted clump of cactus and
sage held potential danger for them.

  Watching the girl, Thorpe could see that
each step was becoming more of an effort,
and yet she was making a brave attempt to
match his own faltering stride. Thorpe
figured they had covered ten slow miles
already. A few more at the most lay in
front of them. He saw the girl’s face turn
toward him, and she gestured at a flat
boulder alongside the Trace.

  Thorpe shook his head. “We’ve got to
keep movin’,” he croaked the words pain-
fully. “Stop now, and the chill will get in
our bones. Then we cain’t walk.”

  He put his right hand under the girl’s
elbow to help her. A sharper rise than
most in this wide Salt Desert lay before
them. As their leaden feet started to push
them toward its crest, sudden remem-
brance came to the scout. Beyond this ridge,
in a thicket of mesquite, sage, and cactus,
lay the spring they were seeking.

  “We’ve made it!” he whispered croak-
ingly to the girl and felt relief make her
sag against him, then once again she
straightened sturdily.

  But they hadn’t made it. Thorpe
saw that ten minutes later. He had

6—Frontier Stories—Fall

left Sarah below the ridge-line and bellied
his own cautious way up for a look at the
spring beyond.

  At first he’d thought the dark objects
scattered haphazardly about the mesquite
copse were boulders, and then memory
brought its sharp reminder. There had
been no piles of stone about the spring two
days before when the Arcane caravan had
filled their barrels and watered thirsty
stock.

  The objects he was viewing now, Thorpe
realized with a sinking gauntness in his
stomach, were rude brush hogans built by
a band of Paiutes. They had come here
to gather beans from the mesquite trees
growing about the waterhole, he guessed.

  There was only one thing they could do,
Thorpe decided bleakly as he scanned the
camp. That was to circle it, and put
enough distance between themselves and
the Paiutes so that no roving warrior
might locate them.

  But first they had to have water. That
knowledge was like an unscalable wall fac-
ing them. He heard a stir of motion at his
back, and Sarah Burns pressed close along-
side.

  “You were gone so long I started to
worry,” she whispered, and then her eyes
found the brush huts. Thorpe felt her
stiffen.

  “That’s the reason,” he husked.

  “We’ve still got to have water—” The
girl’s voice trailed into silence.

  And in silence, Thorpe studied the lay-
out below them. Gradually one fact be-
came apparent to him. All of the huts
faced away from them. There was little
that he knew about these desert Paiutes,
but all the red tribes had their own pe-
culiar superstitions. Perhaps facing their
hogans toward the rising sun was one na-
tive to these savages.

  He pointed the fact out to the girl.
“Mebbe,” he whispered to her, “I can get
us some water yet. Less’n they got a night
guard posted at the spring, I can slide
down this way to fill our bag and make it
back without anybody being the wiser.”

  Sarah’s stubborn answer came promptly.
“If you go down there, I go with you.”

  Without taking his seeking gaze from
the hogans, Thorpe nodded. The girl
might be safer than here on the ridge.
82	FRONTIER STORIES

Too, it would save the necessity of making
the return climb.

  ‘.‘Walk light,” he warned her grimly,
“and if you know any prayers start sayin’
’em!”

  Yard by slow yard, Thorpe led the way
toward the sleeping camp. He could feel
the tenseness of the girl beside him, but
her nerves were steady enough to keep her
from making any unnecessary sound. The
murmur of water spilling from its stone-
lined hollow within the mesquite grove
was audible now. It was music, the finest
he’d ever heard.

  The deeper blackness of the stunted mes-
quite trees rose before them. Thorpe
pressed into the grove, and he caught the
vagrant gleam of starshine on a coppery
shoulder.

V

THE Paiute’s body twisted, and Thorpe
threw himself aside, sweeping the girl
along with him. A flung tomahawk whis-
pered its death song where he had been
standing.

  A single outcry or gunshot would rouse
the camp. Thorpe pressed forward toward
the stocky warrior, the long barrel of his
Navy Colt raking out like a scythe. Star-
light gleamed on steel in the hand of the
Paiute. The scout parried the stabbing
blade with the barrel of his Colt, and let
momentum carry the gun on in and up.
He heard breath gush from the Indian’s
mouth as the muzzle of the weapon rose
beneath his chin. Thorpe struck again with
merciless savagery. In a battle like this it
was kill or be killed, and the lives of a hun-
dred emigrants might depend on the ac-
curacy of his blow.

  The knowledge put power into his
stroke. He felt the blue steel of his Colt
bite through coarse hair, and contact bone.
Shock ran the length of his arm, numbing
his hand, and then the Paiute came tum-
bling toward him. He caught the brave
with arm and upraised knee, and the limp-
ness of the man’s body as he slid to the
ground told Thorpe that here was a coup
he could count if he wanted it.

  There would be women wailing in the
Paiute camp come morning, and there
would be red wolves combing the Salt
seeking their revenge. This was the thought

in Thorpe’s mind as he stared down som-
berly at the huddled warrior.

  He felt Sarah’s hand on his arm.
“Thorpe,” her ragged whisper came to
him, “are you hurt ?”

  “No,” the scout told her without turning
his head, “but we’ll both be Paiute bait by
morning or before. That means we’ve got
to keep moving, and moving fast. There’s
just about one slim chance for us,” he
couldn’t hide the truth from the girl now,
“and that is to keep hopin’ we’ll run into
Carrigan’s train before the Paiutes spot us.
Forget this cuss now. We’ve got to slake
up what water we can, and hope the buck-
skin I wadded through that hole in our
waterbag will hold.”

  Nothing had ever tasted better to Thorpe
than the clear spring water. It was some-
thing to remember as they plodded along
a Trace that was like a tawny treadmill
stretching ever before them. And grad-
ually the thing he had been dreading hap-
pened. He watched the deep blue of the
night sky start to gray, and then change to
salmon pink. Light stole slowly across
the Salt, and as it came he saw the girl’s
feet fail to lift. She stumbled and only
the quickness of his move saved her a fall.
Arm around her waist he supported her
sagging weight.

  Sarah raised a face that silent tears had
streaked. “Thorpe, I’m done,” she said
huskily. “I—I can’t go on. Leave me—”
Laughter that held no mirth touched
Thorpe’s lips. “You could have left me
before we started,” he grunted. “Put your
arm around my neck. We’re going to
make that ridge up ahead. It’ll be a right
nice place to watch for Paiutes coming
from one direction, and Carrigan’s train
coming from the other.”

  The eastern sky was filled with full dawn
as Thorpe helped the girl up the last slant-
ing rise to the ridge, and as he peered for-
ward across the dun folds of the Salt, his
sudden shout made her open eyes that
deadening fatigue had closed.

  Straight out there before them, dawn
light was gilding the stained wagon-tilts
of twenty circled Conestogas with golden
glory!

  “Carrigan!” Sarah Burns cried, “Jim
Carrigan. Oh, Thorpe, let’s hurry!”

  “And I thought you were worn to a
frazzle—” he began, but he did not finish
HELL’S

the sentence for the girl’s sudden spurt of
energy had left her. He saw her tumble
forward into the road and lie still.

THAT last five hundred yards, Thorpe
carried the girl. Alert guards sta-
tioned outside the ring of wagons saw the
duo appear out of the morning and blinked
their eyes. The man was over six feet,
and his fringed buckskins were ragged and
torn. Burrs and blood and dirt had mat-
ted the mane of brown hair that swept to
the fringed collar of his tunic. But it was
his face they studied most as he drew near.
A battered, bruised face but it was still
hard and resolute, and ready to smile.

  “This Jim Carrigan’s outfit?” Thorpe
looked at the bearded guards, and he saw
one of them nod.

  “Right the fust time,” the man drawled,
and then he got a glimpse of the girl’s
white face cradled against Thorpe Daniels’
chest. “Glory be to goshen!” the guard
exclaimed. “Iffen it ain’t Miz Sarah
Burns. Here let me take her off your
hands. My old woman will know just how
to bring her ’round.”

  His arms were aching, but Thorpe said
stiffly, without stopping to analyze his rea-
sons, “I’ll carry her. You lead the way.”
He followed the guard into the enclosure,
and the immediate contrast between this
wagon train and the Arcane caravan struck
him.

  Fat cattle instead of gaunt ones were in-
side a neat rope corral along one curve of
the circle. Cheerful children were shout-
ing and romping at their first early morn-
ing play. Bustling women were preparing
food above individual campfires. Team-
sters and wagoners were looking to th'eir
harness and ox-yokes. This was a busy,
■happy camp, quite unlike the gloomy cara-
van the black-haired Arcane was leading.

  And, as though by contrast, Jim Carri-
gan was himself a blond. Standing almost
six-four in his soft leather boots, he was
one of the biggest men the scout had ever
seen. Above six feet himself, Thorpe
looked like a stripling alongside the wagon
boss as Carrigan saw the new arrivals and
came striding forward.

  Others were coming, too, from all sides.
It was not often that a caravan received
visitors in the middle of the Salt Desert!

  The excited gabble of voices seemed to

CARAVAN	83

be enough to rouse Sarah from her faint.
The scout felt her stir in his arms, and lift
her head. “Put me down, Thorpe,” she
said softly. “I—I can stand now.”

  Hand on his arm for support, the girl
had a smile for Jim Carrigan as he reached
them. “Jim,” she said simply, “this is
Thorpe Daniels. If a better scout ever
started for California you’ll have to show
me!”

  Carrigan’s sharp blue eyes beneath
bushy brows studied them both, and his
answering smile was friendly. The hand
he extended to Thorpe was like a ham.

  Thorpe took it with his left. “The right,”
he explained, “ain’t much good.”

  “It don’t have to be any good,” Carrigan
laughed boomingly. “Sarah’s stamp on you
is enough for me, day or night!”

  Women with heaped plates of steaming
breakfast and mugs of hot coffee were al-
ready about them, but hungry as he was,
Thorpe waved the food away, and jerked
his head at Carrigan.

  The captain understood, and followed
him a little distance from the group gath-
ered about Sarah Burns. When they were
out of earshot, Thorpe paused and waited
for the wagon-master to come up to him.

  “Carrigan,” he said flatly, “I was forced
to kill a Paiute last night at a spring up
ahead. There’s quite an encampment about
it, gathering mesquite beans for their win-
ter food, I guess. When they find that
buck, there’s going to be some hot red-
skins rompin’ back thisaway. My advice
to you is to hole up right here until we see
if they’re willing to attack an outfit this
size.”

  Carrigan’s bronze face was handsome in
a heavily masculine way. He fingered lux-
urious burn sides that dropped to the lobe
of his ear with a hand that looked as if it
had been freshly manicured. It made
Thorpe aware of two things. Jim Carrigan
was a vain man, jealous of his authority as
wagon-master of this Train. He was also
a stubborn man, one who would do things
his own way, come hell or damnation.

  “Your advice is good,” Carrigan admit-
ted smoothly, “but we’re moving on just
the same. I’ll see that the cavvy-guard is
redoubled, and we’ll all keep our eyes
peeled for trouble. Days mean too much
now to waste a one of them.”
84

FRONTIER STORIES

THE PAIUTES instead of attacking
had vanished by the time the Carrigan
train reached the neighborhood of the
spring. Their huts had been demolished
and even some of their cooking baskets had
been left behind in their withdrawal!

  Thorpe looked over the wrecked en-
campment from the back of a white riding
mule brought from the cavvy.

  “It beats me,” he told Carrigan who was
astride a black horse big enough to carry
his weight. Then his eyes noticed that one
of the huts had been burned to charred
embers. “Mebbe it doesn’t beat me so
much at that,” he added slowly. “Most
reds are a superstitious lot. These Paiutes
point all their hogans toward the rising
sun. Mebbe they figgered the spirit of the
buck I killed last night might get into the
hogans, and bring ’em bad luck. They
burned one of ’em just to make sure his
spirit was gone, wrecked the rest, and
skedaddled.”

  “I take it as a good sign!” Carrigan’s
lips curled a little disdainfully. “And I’m
afraid I’ll have to tell Sarah that perhaps
her judgment of you wasn’t so keen after
all. A good scout would have thought of
this in advance!”

  Thorpe drew a breath, and held his
tongue. Together, after a bountiful break-
fast, he and Sarah Burns had jointly told
Jim Carrigan of their suspicions concern-
ing Bent Arcane, and Carrigan had laughed
at their fears.

  “Arcane’s a vain fool,” he proclaimed.
“Naturally, he has no love for me, nor I
for him. But he isn’t the vengeful type.
What could he be planning anyway? You
say he’s ahead of us ? All right, that means
he has just decided to continue on over
Emigrant Gap, instead of risking his party
on some untried cut-off. That’s sensible.
Naturally we’ll keep our eyes peeled for
trouble, but I think you’re both exagger-
ating.”

  Thorpe had gone to sleep with a bad
taste in his mouth.

  And Carrigan’s talk now wasn’t improv-
ing it any. He was unable to keep the
hardness out of his agate brown eyes as he
stared at the wagon master.

  “In a new country,” he said deliberately,
“a man learns as he goes along, if he’s
smart. This case ain’t much in point.
Arcane is the cuss we’ve got to watch.”

  The wagons moved on again after bar-
rels banded to their sides were replenished
and the stock watered. Outrider for the
caravan, Thorpe had time to think as well
as eye the desert for Paiutes as the days
wore on. And the more he tried to divine
the plan for revenge that lay in Bent
Arcane’s twisted mind the higher grew the
wall of mystery. “A few days,” Arcane
had said. Well, three days had passed,
and nothing happened.

  Then a cry winging back to him from
the long, snake-like procession roused
Thorpe from his contemplation. He looked
ahead at the caravan, and saw all wagons
halted along the line of march. From the
rear wagons, men and even women in their
wide skirts were running forward to con-
verge on Carrigan’s lead Conestoga.

  Lips tightening, Thorpe pressed for-
ward wondering at the cause of the excite-
ment. As he passed halted wagons, grin-
ning teamsters yelled the good news to
him.

  “We’ve hit the Emigrant Gap turn-off!
Hooray, for California!”

VI

THORPE felt the words hit him like a
choking fist. The Emigrant Gap
turn-off? Here? From the talk he’d heard
in the Carson Sink camp the turn-off was
many days’ drive ahead where the whit-
ened skull of an ox set on a pyre of stone
marked the way to California.

  Yet, as he neared the group standing a
few yards in advance of the lead wagon,
Thorpe could see the monument with the
ox skull on it.

  Sarah Burns was standing beside Car-
rigan, and she gestured for him to join
them. The girl’s dark eyes were bright
with excitement. Impulsively she linked
her hand through his arm, and Thorpe saw
Jim Carrigan’s lips tighten.

  “Thorpe,” Sarah cried, “isn’t it wonder-
ful? We’ve reached the turn-off, and
every one thought it was days fartfter

        99

on—

  The scout’s answer came before he could
stifle it. “I still think so!” he said flatly.

  Jim Carrigan laughed harshly. “As
usual,” he drawled, “you’re wrong. You’ve
got a pair of eyes in your head. Use them.
There is your monument with the ox-skull
HELL’S

on top of it. And I presume you can spell
words printed on it. They read, EMI-
GRANT GAP, TURN-OFF!”

  Thorpe was using his eyes on more than
that ox-skull. This was not the turn-off!
He sensed it, and yet there was nothing
definite on which he could put his finger.
The pyre of small rocks was neatly stacked.
The skull was as it should be. He disen-
gaged his arm from the girl, and silently
turned to move along the wheel-marks of
the side road, seeking some sign to prove
his point.

  The flanks of the Sierras had been close
these last few days, never more than ten
miles from the Trace. Thorpe’s eyes rose
to the towering peaks seven thousand feet
or more above the Salt, but their inscrut-
able crags couldn’t give him the proof he
sought.

  And yet they were hitting the turn-off
too soon. He thought of Arcane and the
deviltry that vengeful man had planned.
If this was the trick his brain had con-
ceived, every man, woman and child in the
Carrigan train might perish in the blind
depths of some Sierra box-canyon.

  There did appear to be a notch between
the folded peaks Thorpe noted and from
where he was standing it looked as though
a long canyon led up to it. But he had
trapped in the massive Rockies, and he
knew how easily the appearance of terrain
could change on closer approach.

  No, there was something wrong here.
Yet the ruts of the turn-off road stretched
on ahead as far as he could see.

  Grimly he turned back to the excited
group about the monument, and the very
sombemess of his lean visage quieted many
of the caravan folk. He stopped in front
of the wagon master and Sarah Burns.

  “Carrigan,” he said bluntly, in tones
loud enough for all the listening emigrants
to hear, “Sarah and I gave you the infor-
mation we had concerning Arcane and what
we knew of the deviltry he planned. I
ain’t sayin’ this is a part of it, but I’m
askin’ you to hold the train right here un-
til I can scout this turn-off road, and on
along the main trail that takes folks to
Oregon. I won’t be gone more than a
couple of days—”

  “Days! Days!” Jim Carrigan’s impa-
tient voice cut the scout short. “That’s all
I’ve heard from you, Daniels. We haven’t

CARAVAN	85

time to waste on your suspicions. Time is
short. We’ve got to cross the Sierras be-
fore snow flies. Even hours count. No,
I’ll give no such permission as long as I
am captain of this train. We roll in ten
minutes into the cut-off, and you will
oblige me by taking your regular post!”

ON A BORROWED mount, Sarah
Bums rode out to the scout’s wing
position as the shadows of the long can-
yon closed them in. Her face wore the
strained look of worry that had been on it
when they had first met.

  She came alongside his riding mule, and
her hand crossed to touch his arm.
“Thorpe,” her dark eyes were imploring,
“I didn’t say anything back at the monu-
ment, because I hoped that I might be able
to accomplish more by talking to Jim,
alone. But I couldn’t. He won’t listen to
me. He just laughs when I mention Bent
Arcane. He—he even laughs at you 1”
Thorpe shook his head. “Men,” he told
her grimly, “fall into two classes. There’s
fools who’ll listen and learn. And there’s
others who have got to butt their heads
against a wall. I hate to say it, but I’m
thinkin’ Carrigan is the second kind. How-
somever, that makes our opinions tally!”
That night the long wings of the deep
canyon closed them in on either side.
Sweet water was theirs for the taking from
a brawling stream that filled the canyon
bottom, and wagoners buoyed by hope for-
got the day’s fatigue, and went out to bring
in strings of rainbow and mountain trout
to fill the fry-pans of the emigrants.

  It was a night for celebration. Califor-
nia lay over the hill! Banjos and guitars
made the music for an evening sing. Ordi-
narily, Thorpe enjoyed such an occasion
as much as the rest, but tonight he found
it hard to carry a tune.

  The Trace led the train onward the next
day, along a high, grassy shelf above the
white-water creek. Jack pine and yellow
pine stippled the slope on their right.
Snow brush and sumach added their own
glossy green, and to men and women who
had seen nothing for a fortnight but the
dun desert this was a fragrant paradise.
Spirits were high as the day progressed.

  As he watched the happiness of every-
one else, Thorpe felt his own spirits drop-
ping. The canyon was rising steadily, and
86	FRONTIER

growing narrower by the hour. Ox chains
were groaning more frequently as the great
beasts in their yokes strained dumb, power-
ful muscles to obey the shouts of their
masters.

  Shaking his head, Thorpe pressed his
mule on ahead. The canyon narrowed and
twisted ahead of him, but as he rounded a
great buttress of gray granite the way
levelled out ahead. Here at least, Thorpe
thought, the oxen and mules would have
a chance to rest weary legs. He continued
on across the narrow flat. The tracks of
the Trace were plain through the meadow
grass. Almost too plain, the sudden
thought came to Thorpe. It looked as
though Conestoga wheels had only recently
flattened this grass, and yet there were dim
ruts in the earth beneath crushed stems.

  “It’s got me beat,” Thorpe muttered the
words aloud. He pressed onward through
deep canyon gloom into the gorge beyond
the meadow. The shelf he had been fol-
lowing narrowed, and started a still steeper
climb. The cliffs were high and sheer now
on either side, towering a good hundred
feet to pine-crested rims.

  Behind him he could hear the caravan
creaking into the meadow they had just
quit. Carrigan was pushing the wagons,
he thought. They were making good time
despite the steepness of the road.

  Pressing on, he rounded another bend
in the narrowing canyon, and then sud-
denly the gorge straightened like a rifle
barrel in front of him. Three hundred
yards away lay the end of it.

  A cliff, towering sheer for a thousand
feet, boxed the end of the canyon! And
at the bottom of it stood the skeleton hulks
of six weathered Conestogas.

FOR THE SPACE of a minute, sur-
prise held the scout, and the crazy
thought came to him that this was what
remained of Bent Arcane’s caravan. Then
he drove his heels into the flanks of the
white mule, the true picture of what he
was seeing apparent to him at least. The
wagons at the end of the box canyon had
passed through one winter. Crushed tilts
and warped sideboards was proof enough
of what the weight of snow had done to
them.

  Other wagons had been turned around
here in this boxed end of the canyon re-

STORIES

cently. Bent grass held the marks plainly,
and at last Thorpe saw the picture clearly.
Somehow Arcane had learned that an ear-
lier party of emigrants had taken this
wrong turn-off, and left their tracks upon
the desert. Cleverly, he had pulled out a
half dozen wagons from his own caravan,
and brought them into this blind canyon to
freshen up tracks already here. Then he
had retraced his way to the regular Trace,
and moved on ahead to join the rest of his
Train. It had cost him two days’ time, but
the burning vengefulness inside him might
make him consider it worth while to force
the Carrigan train into this detour.

  However, nothing could keep them from
turning back, just as Arcane’s wagons had
done.

  The thought was still in his mind when
the funnel of the narrow canyon brought
sound rolling up to him. It shocked the
scout like the report of a giant cannon. A
rending, booming roar that seemed to
shake the mountains, and after it came a
duller, more sustained roar, like the sound
of a heavy waterfall. But even that dull
portentous rumble was fading into silence
as Thorpe got his frightened mule quieted
and turned back the way he had come.

  He forced the animal to a gallop, but
the numb knowledge was spreading
through him now that there was no need
for hurry. No need at all. They wouldn’t
be going back to the Salt. No, not a one
of Carrigan’s twenty wagons with their
load of human freight. Black powder,
touched off by Bent Arcane, had kicked a
thousand tons of granite from the walls of
the gdrge. Granite enough to block any
escape from this box canyon!

  It was as bad as he had guessed, Thorpe
saw, as the white mule carried him back to
the narrow meadow. Dust still drifted lazily
upward from ragged monoliths the size of
a house. A great, ragged scar lay where
the high granite buttress had been before.

  And on the rim, a figure made diminu-
tive by distance sat regarding his handi-
work. Aboard the saddle on a clean-limbed
gelding, Thorpe recognized both Ranger
and Bent Arcane.

  None of the stunned emigrants in this
death canyon had so much as looked up
yet to catch their sight of the man who
had drawn them into this trap. But that
was not Arcane’s pleasure. His vengeful
HELL’S CARAVAN	87

shout came ringing down into the depths
of the canyon.

  “Let Carrigan laugh his way out of
this—” he cried.

  The steel of his long rifle cradled across
the bows of his saddle felt cold against
Thorpe’s palms. He lifted the weapon al-
most without conscious thought as he
brought the mule to a halt. Steady in his
seat, he swung the rifle to his shoulder, and
the sights seemed to line themselves with
automatic ease upon the figure on the rim.
The wind was bad, and Arcane was beyond
decent range, but there was a good charge
of powder behind the ball in the barrel of
his rifle. Thorpe caught his Ranger horse
across the sights, and raised his aim
slightly. His finger, as he squeezed the
trigger, was cold as the granite that
blocked their path of escape.

VII

THE rifle’s report rang sharply through
the canyon’s silence, and Thorpe saw
that distant shape on the rim stiffen in
Ranger’s saddle. Arcane seemed to sway
as he wheeled the horse. Then he dis-
appeared into the cloaking blanket of pines
that mantled the high slope.

  Like the knock of doom on the door,
the sound of his rifle seemed to rouse the
stunned caravan folk, for as he lowered
the weapon slowly, Thorpe heard the
shocked shouts of men who had been gay
but an hour before. He heard the cries of
women, and the sobbing of children.

  Sarah Burns, slim and straight as a
Paiute arrow in her man’s trousers and
open-necked shirt, came racing toward
him as he paced slowly nearer the dis-
ordered train. Thorpe swung down from
the mule as the girl neared him, a queer
glow of happiness that he could not ana-
lyze flowing through his body.

  “Thorpe, I think you hit him I” she cried,
and her body seemed to seek his as she
pressed against him. He felt her tremble,
and he wanted to hold her, but instead he
pressed the girl back. There were hostile
eyes watching them, he could guess, and
this was no time to create dissension. He,
and Carrigan, and all the rest were going
to have to pull together in the same yoke
now.

Across the girl’s shoulder, Thorpe saw

Jim Carrigan break from the huddle of
emigrants about the wagons, and stride
slowly toward them. Braced for trouble
with the wagon boss, he was surprised at
Carrigan’s appearance as the man stopped
before them. His bronzed face had turned
gray as the granite barrier blocking them
into this death canyon. His blue eyes were
clouded with misery.

  “Daniels,” he said raggedly, “I’ve been
a fool for not listening to you. A damned
fool. But I won’t be one any longer. I’m
turning my authority as train captain over
to you!”

  Thorpe thought, fast for a minute. It
took a good man to admit error. If he
accepted Carrigan’s offer, the blond giant
wouldn’t be worth a damn from here on
in. Carrigan’s cqurage and ready laugh to
bolster the morale of other frightened peo-
ple meant more than anything else right
now.

  Studying the caravan leader, Thorpe
said shortly, “I wouldn’t take your com-
mand on a platter, mister. You’ve had guts
enough to bring a train close to three thou-
sand miles. Git back there and give those
folks a grin. A glum face ain’t goin’ to get
us out of this jackpot. We’re in it to-
gether, and we’ll lick it together. You
tell ’em that.”

  A deep breath stirred the wagon-mas-
ter’s axe-handle-wide chest. He put his
hand forward to the scout. “Daniels,” he
said simply, “you’re a better man than me.
Mebbe I’ll be giving orders to the rest of
the company from now on, but I’ll be
takin’ mine from you!”

  From the tail end of the caravan nearest
the fantastic slide, a voice cried thin and
full of fear: “The creek’s rising! It’s
dammed up. We’ll drown like rats in here!”
Thorpe felt a grim surge of power vi-
brate through him. He had felt the secret
well of strength open inside his body be-
fore when situations had looked hopeless.
And none had ever looked more hopeless
than this. His eyes were burning brown
orbs as he glanced down at Sarah Burns.

“Go tell that fool,” he snapped, “that
nobody is going to drown! We can pull
our wagons into the boxed end of the
canyon above the slide line if we have to.”
He watched the girl hurry away as Car-
rigan said somberly, “Daniels, if we’re
forced to do that not a one of us will ever
88	FRONTIER

leave this canyon alive. The snows aren’t
far away, and we haven’t provisions
enough to last out a month.”

  Thorpe knew that as well as the wagon-
master. The thought of the snows to come
was like a weight in his own mind. A
memory picture of those pitiful shells of
once proud Conestogas at the inner end of
this box canyon came before his eyes.
That was what the Carrigan train would
look like next spring, if winter caught
them here.

  “There’s six wagons at the end of this
canyon,” he spoke almost to himself, “and
they were fools for ever havin’ driven that
far in. The cliffs back there are a thou-
sand feet high. Here,” his brown eyes
lifted thoughtfully to the western wall of
the gorge, “they ain’t over a hundred.
There’s enough slant to ’em so’s a man
might climb to the rim.”

  “But women and children and stock
could never make it,” Carrigan said
hoarsely. “Daniels, with that water rising
we’ve got to do something, and do it quick.
If we’re pushed back we’re lost.”

  Thorpe nodded. He studied the western
escarpment again, then turned his eyes
down-canyon. Already the brawling stream
had widened perceptibly. By morning or
before, this meadow would be awash.

  “We’ve got tonight,” he muttered the
words to himself, and then his eyes sparked
as they found the captain. “Carrigan, God
helping us, there’s a way we can get out
of here—women, wagons, stock and all.”
The leader’s tense face showed surprise.
“How—?”

  “Ropes!” Thorpe said. “Every wagon
has got rope in it. Light or strong it don’t
matter. We’ll use each for what it’ll hold
if it’s long enough to stretch to the rim
Come runnin’, mister, this is somethin’ for
everybody to hear.”

  Five minutes later, Thorpe was staring
into a sea of anxious faces, but he wasn’t
seeing them. He was seeing the plan for
their salvation unfolding in his mind.

  “We’re going over the rim,” he told
them crisply. “Arcane can’t whip us if
every one of you works out the night.
There’s a job for each. I’m leaving the
organizing of crews to you, Carrigan. We’ll
need men to cut wood for bonfires, and
women to keep the blazes going to give us
light. Bulldoggers to hogtie oxen and

STORIES

  mules. I’ll need ten of the toughest on
top with me to haul up the wagons and
supplies as they’re hitched into the slings
down here. Some of you get to dismantling
the wagons, right now. And some of you
women start cookin’ up grub. We’re go-
ing to need hot food and coffee to keep
this job going. But we can swing it.”

  “Swing it or go down fighting!” Carri-
gan shouted, and his booming, infectious
laugh was like a pledge that no man or
woman would die here in this boxed canyon
of death.

FIRES AT TOP and bottom burned
the short night hours away. Logs set
to keep ropes from chafing had long since
been worn smooth. Pulleys howled as
men bent their backs to raise heavy Cone-
stoga wheels, and the bulky boxes of
wagons. It was a fantastic task, a red
nightmare fought against creeping time.
Thorpe found himself everywhere, a thou-
sand details needing his attention. And
ever below them, as he peered downward,
was the widening black mirror of that
rising stream.

  The red stars wheeled overhead, and
the night wind had a frosty bite as it
came sweeping down from timbered heights.
Thorpe had ordered each wagon and its
load of supplies bunched to simplify the
process of assembling them in the morn-
ing. Ten were up when rising water
snuffed one of the great bonfires lighting
the meadow below. Thorpe saw the flames
dwindle like a giant candle burning to the
end of its wick.

  Poised on the rim, he sent his harsh
voice winging down to those fighting folk
in the meadow. “Abandon the rest of
the wagons!” he ordered. “Get up a few
more slings of food and clothes. Shoot
the stock we haven’t saved. Then make
ready to ride the slings yourselves!”

  Somberly he regarded the death can-
yon below. In some far-off camp on the
true trail to Emigrant Gap, Bent Arcane
would be chuckling.

  Weary to the point of numbness, Thorpe
still could not rest as he saw other dead-
tired emigrants sprawl on the brown needles
beneath the pines. Not one of the com-
pany had been lost. A few had been
scratched and bruised on the haul up the
cliff, but that was all. Ten wagons had
HELL’S CARAVAN	89

been, abandoned. On the morrow trout
would be swimming through their tilts.

  One shape stirred beneath the pines.
Sarah Burns had seen :the lonesome shape
of the scout standing beside the heaped
coals of one of the bonfires. A blanket
in her arms, she came toward him.

  “Thorpe,” her voice was gentle, “put
this around you and lay down. You can’t
keep going forever-—and—and we’ll need
you more tomorrow than we do now.”
Thorpe felt her words drain the last
strength from him, and somehow or other,
he found himself on the warm earth be-
side the coals, and the girl’s gentle hands
were covering him with the blanket. A
club over the head could have put him
to sleep no more quickly.

  Dawn, and its problems, came before
the scout realized that he had been asleep.
He met Carrigan at the breakfast fire
when women prepared a community meal,
and drew the captain aside.

  “Jim,” he said soberly, “we’ve each got
a job. Yours is to get the wagons and
company assembled. I’ll tackle the job
of scouting a route for us. We’re too
high now to try to backtrack to the Salt.
So we’ve got to push ahead. I’ve got
two ideas on that score. If we cut across
country to the West we’re bound to hit
the Emigrant Gap road sooner or late. That
means tough travel, and days, mebbe even
weeks of it. Might be we’ll hit canyons
where we’ll have to dismantle and lower
the wagons, haul ’em up the other side
like we’ve done here. That takes time.”
“And your other plan ?” Carrigan
asked.

  “Just this,” Thorpe said bluntly. “A
trapper and scout learns to gamble. I’m
ready to believe we can climb this ridge
to the Gap I spotted yesterday. Won’t
likely have any canyons to cross, but the
going may be rough. When we hit the
summit, we’ll try and work west to the
Emigrant Gap road.”

  “Either way we’re gambling,” Jim Car-
rigan said slowly. “I’ll take the big one
with you. Start blazin’ your trail, mister!”

A COLD WIND that brought its def-
inite threat of winter whipped Thorpe
as the white mule, Ginger, carried him
upward between the aisle of giant pines.
Short axe gripped in his left hand, he

made his slow way up the ridge, estimating
the distance between trees, seeking the
easiest path for the giant Conestogas to
follow. For a thousand feet the trail was
open. Then a tangle of windfall trees,
like a gigantic pile of jack-straws, blocked
his progress. Lips set, the scout detoured
to the left. Here the slope grew danger-
ously slant but with ropes caught to wagon
boxes and snubbed about trees, the wagons
could be held, and inched on forward.
For forward they must go with no time
spent on roadbuilding, if it could possibly
be avoided*.

  Once, when he broke into a high moun-
tain meadow, he could glimpse the peaks
high above the toiling wagons that would
be following the blazes he had left on
trees. Wreathing those implacable iron
crests was a gray scud of clouds. At
the sight he clenched his fists. He felt
like shaking them at the heights, but that
would do no good. Snow was an enemy
that man couldn’t whip with his fists. Speed
was the only thing that would aid them
now. Fleetingly, Thorpe thought of Bent
Arcane and his gloom caravan, westward
on the Emigrant Gap road.

  Then he forced his attention back to the
task at hand. After that it was twist and
turn and climb, blaze trees and climb again.
Mid-afternoon came, and the ridge tipped
suddenly forward into a level-floored
canyon.

  “The Gap!” Thorpe spoke the words
aloud, and the crying of the wind in the
pines on either flank mocked him. It was
time to turn back, but he had to see what
lay beyond this deep V between the high-
flying peaks. The mule was game for the
run. Thick meadow grass, Thorpe saw
as he rode, would make fine graze for
gaunted cattle and mules. For a mile
straight between the cloud-wreathed peaks
above, he followed the meadow and then
the Gap widened as the mountains curved
back on either side into a wide plateau.
A plateau that stretched westward for as
far as he could see.

  Thorpe relaxed with a sigh of relief.
Arcane had led them into a death trap,
but sweat and toil had saved every life,
and part of the wagons. Arcane had led
them into a death trap, and from his venge-
fulness had come this pathway to salva-
tion.
90	FRONTIER

THE twinkle of burning campfires led
the scout back to the wagon camp,
long after chill dark had closed in the
mountains.

  Joy at the report he had to make to the
assembled company supplanted the stunned
gloom of the previous day. “I’m not say-
ing it will all be clear. sledding,” he fin-
ished bluntly, “but we’ve got a good chance
of following that plateau until we strike
the Emigrant Gap road. I figger it will
take us leastways three days more to
make it to the pass I found through the
peaks. How far we’ll have to travel the
plateau after that is anybody’s guess.”

  Thorpe made no mention of the snow
clouds he had seen wreathing the high
peaks. There was no use rousing fear in
these people. They had suffered enough
already. And happiness and anticipation,
he knew, would keep a man going longer
than the spur of fear.

  Three days, he had judged, it would
take them to reach the pass above. Instead
it consumed six. Six days that saw an-
other wagon abandoned, when animals
grown gaunt from insufficient feed were
unable to pull the Conestoga a foot farther.

  “We’ll use the yoke for replacements,”
Thorpe told Carrigan. “Mebbe the big
fellas will get some meat on their bones
without a wagon to pull.”

  Strain was showing on every one now,
and Thorpe saw eyes turn anxious when-
ever their faces lifted toward the sky.
It was the tail of the sixth day when the
train leveled into the pass. Cattle so
gaunt their bones were almost breaking the
skin halted in their tracks and attacked
the fresh grass.

  Camp was made right there, and spirits
climbed that night as someone brought
forth a banjo for Sarah Burns to play.
“Oh, Susanna,” was the popular song,
for California was just over the hill!

  “Danged if you cain’t almost smell that
yaller gold out yonder!” one emigrant
chuckled.

  Aside, where they could converse with-
out interruption, Thorpe talked earnestly
to the wagon-master. “The cattle and
mules are about done in, Jim. We may
not like it, but we’ve got to lay over here
a couple of days, and give them some rest
or we may never make the Emigrant Gap
road.”

STORIES

  Carrigan nodded his blond head. “Yes,”
the giant agreed. “I had the same thought.”
Something struck the wagon-master’s hand
then.

  Thorpe saw Carrigan’s eyes tip down,
and through the gloom he spotted the
faintest fleck of white against the other’s
brown skin. Something cool and feathery
brushed his own cheek in the same instant,
and then both men looked up to stare long
and soberly at each other.

  Over at the camp-fire, Thorpe heard
voices break abruptly from the song they
were singing. “Snow!” someone cried.

MEN AND WOMEN were starting
to their feet in something close to
panic. The scout’s long legs carried him
into the firelit circle. “Hold up!” he spoke
to them sharply. “There ain’t no cause
for alarm, if you keep your heads. We’ve
come too far to let a little snow stop us
now, but there’s things to be done the rest
of tonight besides sing. Every pound of
weight in the wagons that ain’t essential
has got to go. That means everything but
food and blankets. Cleanin’ out the Cones-
togas is up to you women. As for the
rest of us, we got a chore to do. Boys,
me’n yore captain figgered to lay over
here and fatten the teams for a couple of
days. If snow’s cornin’ we can’t do it.
Yet we got to keep our oxen and mules fed
just the same. So get out your knives and
start cutting grass. Pack the wagons with
every danged ounce they’ll hold. Keep
our stock strong, and we’ll pull through.
Starve ’em, and we’ll starve, too!”

  Cold came with the morning, and the
snow was inches deep as protesting oxen
broke the wagons into motion again. The
white blanket crackled beneath iron-tired
wheels, leaving a lacy pattern behind the
moving Conestogas.

  Cheeks flushed with cold, Sarah rode
in the lead with Thorpe to help search
out the smoothest path for the wagons to
follow. He was glad for her company.
There’d been little chance to be alone these
last few days, and yet when it came to
talking to the girl, he found himself
strangely tongue-tied.

  “If this chill holds,” Thorpe told her
a little gruffly, “we won’t get any more
snow. But if it warms up, look out for
trouble.”
HELL’S CARAVAN	91

  Sarah nodded. Her lips were chapped
but she could still smile. Then the smile
faded. “I keep thinking of mother,” she
murmured, “and all the rest of them. I
wonder where they are now ? Has the
snow been worse farther west? Or have
they managed to beat it over the hump?
I—I suppose we’ll never know until we
reach the lowlands and Hangtown.”

  “There’s just one thing certain/' Thorpe
told her grimly, “Arcane will get them
over the hump if he can. He’s had his
revenge. He figgers us for goners. So
you can bet your dollar that he’ll pull his
own outfit through if he can.”

  “We—we might even meet on the road
down,” Sarah said.

  Thorpe gave her a cool, straight glance.
“I would like nothing better,” he told her
quietly.

  For three days as they rolled slowly
west along the plateau the cold held while
clouds kept massing in the sky. Their
grayness was like an oppressive weight and
desperation was driving them all now.

  Thorpe offered to go on ahead to try to
cut the Gap road, but Jim Carrigan vetoed
the plan. “We lose you, Daniels, and none
of us will make it. If a storm breaks
while you’re gone, you’d never find your
way back. No, we’ve got to hang and
rattle together, mister!”

  The fourth day dawned, and the air had
a softer, warmer feel against the scout’s
cheek as he and Carrigan saw the wagons
lined out behind their advance.

  A 'sudden thought came to Thorpe.
“Hitch ropes from tongue to tailgate of
each wagon,” he suggested, “and another
line from yore lead wagon to the cantles
of our saddles. “We’ll keep pushin’ on,
snow or no damned snow, and we won’t
need to worry about wagons gettin’ lost
or out of line.”

  The first flurry hit them before the job
was finished. Looking across his shoulder
through the falling flakes. Thorpe watched
men and even women struggling to string
ropes between the wagons as they kept
moving. By the time Carrigan was back
beside him with lines to hitch to their own
saddles, even the lead wagon fifty feet
behind them was nothing but a dim blur.

  Through the muffler wrapped about his
face. Carrigan howled, “Here it is,
Daniels!”

  Thorpe nodded without trying to speak.
No words were needed. Each of them
knew that if they didn’t reach the descend-
ing Gap road before the day was out,
they would never make it. Five feet of
snow would blanket this plateau by morn-
ing, and weary oxen could not smash their
way through drifts that high.

  Only the lines strung between the wagons
were keeping some from straying now,
Thorpe knew, as he and Carrigan paced
blindly forward into the teeth of the bliz-
zard. The feel of wind and snow against
his face guided Thorpe. For an hour,
he kept the gusts coming from a quarter-
ing direction, and that meant he was still
headed in a straight line forward.

  The mule stumbled beneath him, then
tipped forward. They were at the head of
a sharp declivity. Pines reared like white
ghosts on either side suddenly, and Thorpe
gritted his teeth at a nod from Carrigan
and let the wagons come on.

  A man couldn’t tell what lay at the bot-
tom of this slope. Perhaps a canyon, bot-
tomless for a thousand feet. And perhaps
—it was a grim guess—the Gap road they
sought might lie just ahead.

  As though his thoughts had conjured
a picture, Thorpe saw something loom out
of the driving curtain ahead. It looked
like the high, ghostly tilt of a prairie
schooner, and then it was gone in the scud.
But another seemed to take its place, and
he knew that he couldn’t be mistaken a
second time for they were close enough
now for sound to reach them. Flying
toward them on the howling blizzard wind,
Thorpe heard the rattle of ox-chains, the
groaning of loose fellowes in wagon
wheels—

  Mittened hand brushing back to his hip,
he got his knife from beneath the heavy
coat an emigrant had loaned him. He
slashed the rope binding him to the lead
wagon behind them, and plunged ahead.

  He heard Carrigan cry something that
sounded like “Arcane.”

ARCANE? Yes, this could be Arcane’s
caravan traveling the Emigrant Road.
Breath suddenly hot in his chest, Thorpe
dropped the mule into the roadway. Navy
Colt in hand, he swung the animal’s head
up-hill as another Conestoga lurched into
view.
92	FRONTIER

  Lifting his gun, he fired a single shot
into the sky, for it was about the only sound
a half-blinded driver would hear and com-
prehend. He saw plodding mules halt as
the reinsman on the box drew in. Thorpe
pressed alongside the wagon. “Hold ’er,”
he shouted against the force of the wind.
“There’s an outfit cornin’ in from the
side—”

  “And who might be their captain?”
He heard the question thinly through the
crying of the wind.

  “Jim Carrigan,” Thorpe answered the
driver.

  “Glory be!” The shout that answered
him was louder. “You couldn’t name a
better man to me nor plenty of the rest.
Bent Arcane’s been spreadin’ it around for
the last week that Carrigan’s outfit wouldn’t
be seein’ Californy this year—”

  “Mebbe,” Thorpe didn’t speak the words
very loudly but they seemed to carry to
the driver above him, “Arcane is the one
who won’t be seeing the Sacramento.”

  “If you’re that pilgrim he tromped, I’ll
lay my bets on you. Sarah Burns musta
found ye, and together yuh tied in with
Carrigan. Her mother will be mighty glad
to hear that.”

  “We did,” Thorpe said. “Where’s
Arcane ?”

  “Up ahead,” the driver chuckled. “I’ll
hold the rest back till your caravan sand-
wiches intuh line, if you want to make a
ride.”

  Thorpe turned the mule without more
words, and the wind at his back seemed to
blow him forward. He thought fleetingly
of Sarah Burns and Jim Carrigan. The
captain had turned into a mighty decent
man. He’d have plenty to offer an Argo-
naut girl, beside the dream of a rancho
looking out to the sea. And the caravan
itself was safe now. On this downhill
grade they could bull through drifts that
would halt a wagon on the level. Yes,
the combined trains could make the low-
lands now, even through the howling scud
of blizzard snow.

  He was thinking about that when a
tall, muffled shape on a bay horse that
had clean, familiar lines loomed out of
the whiteness before him. He recognized
Ranger before he identified its rider.

  Then Bent Arcane’s imperious voice

 STORIES

came at him. “What in damnation is
holding up the rear wagons?”

  “I am,” Thorpe said the words quietly,
and his face was recognizable as the muf-
fler slipped down to his throat.

  Arcane’s eyes through their rime of
frost were startled, but the man was quick
to recover. With a movement swift as
the strike of a snake, he flipped a long
knife from the sleeve of his big coat.
Thorpe saw the glint of it, and heard the
man’s howled words. “I didn’t finish my
job once. I will this time!”

  Without mercy or regret, Thorpe trig-
gered the Colt in his left hand. Arcane
had been full of treachery from the begin-
ning. He would never change. Thorpe
saw his lead catch the man full in the
chest, and the knife half-back for throw-
ing never left the caravan leader’s hand.
The scout watched the blade drop from
opening fingers, and then Arcane’s body
was slumping across Ranger’s saddle.

  Thorpe swung forward to steady the
man, and he knew that the limp shape
under his hand was dead even as he
touched him. The somber thought came
to the scout that morning would find an-
other unmarked and lonesome grave on the
road to California.

  They buried Bent Arcane that night,
below the white belt where the blizzard
still howled, and Jim Carrigan pronounced
the last somber ritual.

  “Dust thou art, to dust returneth —
Friends,” he added soberly, “I cannot find
it in my heart to say more, either for,
or against, this man.”

  Thorpe was conscious of Sarah beside
him, and he felt the quick tension of her
fingers against his palm as Carrigan fin-
ished speaking. “Let’s walk,” she whis-
pered.

  And Thorpe with shy diffidence asked
a question that had to be answered before
they reached the Sacramento. “Mebbe
you’d rather wait for Jim?”

  Sarah Burns’ eyes lifted to the scout’s
sober face. “You may,” she said acidly,
“know a lot about traps and mountains,
but you don’t know much about women!”
Thorpe walked with the Argonaut girl,
and he knew in his heart that he had found
the thing he wanted these long wandering
years—
   FRONTIER presents the factual, inside story of one of the frontier’s amaz-
ing exploits of banditry—the one-man robbery of the bank at Cherryvale,
Kansas. And it is written for FRONTIER by the man himself 1

   Any old-timers wishing to yarn about their early experiences will always be
welcome to the Trading Post. In fact, FRONTIER offers $10.00 to the mossy-
horn who spins the most exciting, smokiest, yet authentic tale of early days. Each
issue will print one or more of these reminiscences, but only the best will collect.
Winning yarns of over 1,000 words will be paid for at a cent a word. Dig down
into the war-bags of your memory and give us a tale of the great old days. Mail
your stories to THE TRADING POST, care of FRONTIER.

                                              THE EDITOR.

LONE BANDIT

By JOHN VERNON DALEY

HENRY STARR, leader of the no-
torious band of outlaws that oper-
ated along the Kansas and Indian
Territory border in the year of 1889, lay
wounded at his ranch over by the Cherokee
Indian reservation.

  I, also a member of the gang, slightly
wounded, and badly wanted, was in hiding
at the town of Muskogee, Indian Territory.

  One day, I received word from Henry
asking me to see him first chance I got.
Two days later, disguised as an Indian, I
rode down the familiar lane that led to his
large ranch house. Dismounting, and with
my cane to aid me, I hobbled across the
lawn to the great iron-studded door,
rapped on it with my cane and waited
expectantly.

  The door was opened by his house-
keeper, a half-breed Indian squaw, called
the Black Pearl. At first glance she failed
to recognize me, but when I spoke to her,
she bade me welcome. Anticipating my
inquiry for Henry, she told me he was in
his room asleep, that, at her request, the
doctor from the reservation had come over,
and after dressing his wound, had given
him a sleeping potion. .

  Henry, she told me, was not in a serious
condition, but had taken no care of him-
self, having been on the go constantly, try-
ing to straighten out his affairs. A slight
infection of the bullet wound in his side
had sent him to bed. The doctor said he
needed rest.

  Henry was known to be a close friend of

93
94	FRONTIER

Cherokee Bill, killed in a recent train rob-
bery. It was known too that Henry had
had business relations with Dick Dine and
Eddie Estelle, who was arrested for the
crime, and was under suspicion by the
United States Marshal’s office for com-
plicity in the affair.

  Pearl, who was raised by the Starrs,
and loyal to the core, said: “They can’t
get anything on him! No one dares to
testify against him! The whole Cherokee
Nation is worked up over the killing of
Bill. They are all Henry’s friends! So
is the Indian Agent! He told the marshal
to take it easy, and not to start nothing.
And I am telling you, that if they try to
arrest Henry Starr, there is going to be
plenty killings! Do you know what they
are trying to do? Trying to break Henry’s
lease. And that crooked banker at Cherry-
vale won’t advance him any more money.”

  I had found out that if Henry failed to
have twelve thousand dollars to pay the
Indian Agent for an extension of his lease,
in a month’s time, they were going to eject
him from his vast holdings.

  I went up to his room quietly and stood
at the foot of his bed with my eyes resting
on him in sober thought. This man was
my loyal friend. He had saved my life on
two occasions, at the risk of his own. It
was now up to me to show my friendship
and worth, other than in words. Fearful
that I might awaken him, I slipped away.
Pearl was making up my room, and I told
her I had business that would take me
away for a few days, and for her to tell
Henry that I would have good news for
him on my return.

  I had thought of a way to help him; a
desperate plan! But dangers, and hard-
ships hadn’t daunted me, and the bullet
wound in my hip made me only slightly
lame. Maybe it was a foolish thing to do,
but under the circumstances I didn’t think
so. My friend was sick and in trouble,
and I wouldn’t let risk to my skin stand
in my way of helping him.

OUT at the corral, I roped and threw
the saddle on a big roan mare,
mounted and headed for Cherry vale, Kan-
sas. I had ninety miles of wild, unknown,
and heavily timbered country before me,
with renegade Indian gunmen, as well as
lawmen, seeking my life. But my mind

STORIES

was made up, there would be no turning

back now.

  Mile after mile of new territory drifted
behind the flying hoofs of my big mare.
The going so far was good; I was follow-
ing a wide cattle trail. There was no ne-
cessity for haste, and when I concluded I
had covered one third of the distance, I
found a likely spot and made camp. After
I had watered and staked the roan in a
grassy spot, I built a fire between two logs;
as it was September, and the nights were
beginning to grow cold.

  I had only a handful of parched corn,
and a few pieces of jerk in my saddle bags,
as I had made no preparation for this
journey. The decision to rob the Bank of
Cherry vale was made on the spur of the
moment.

  After eating my food, I spent some time
around the fire. Finally growing sleepy,
I went back a short distance in the brush
and raked a pile of leaves together for a
bed, and went instantly to sleep.

  I slept soundly, but with that hair-trig-
ger lightness of a man to whom danger is
no stranger. Suddenly I snapped awake,
and lay tensely alert, hand gripping my
gunbutt. It was early morning. The smell
of pine was in the crisp air. My ears still
rang with a slight sound. It was still dark.
That darkness that comes before dawn.
The fire was still smoldering, and by its
dim light, I saw a man limp into sight
carrying a rifle.

  He was dressed in buckskins, and his
long iron gray beard matched his hair, that
hung to his shoulders. Although I could
see that he knew my gun covered him, he
came toward me with confidence. “Don’t
get scared, sonny,” he said. “Old Gable
ain’t going to hurt you.”

  Without another word he started cook-
ing on the fire, boiling coffee, and frying
bacon and baking hot cakes.

  I was only eighteen years of age, and
the smell of the fragrant coffee and frying
bacon whiffed to me on that crisp air was
overwhelming.

  Having finished his cooking, he said:
“Don’t be backwards, sonny, toddle up
and help yourself. If you had lived as
long as I have in the Indian country, you
would know that I am not curious, or in-
quisitive. You are welcome, sonny. Come
on up.”
tom

  Instinctively, I liked that old bearded
man, and could see no harm in him, so I
accepted his invitation and stepped over
to the fire. He handed me a can of coffee,
and invited me to help myself to the hot
cakes and bacon. As I stooped and reached
for them with my free hand, he kicked the
fire and ashes into my face. I was but a
moment off guard, but his action was
swift. In a flashing blur of motion, his
hand swooped to his holster and came up
blasting. One bullet burned a red smear
along my cheek, while the other nipped the
collar of my jacket.

  I should have killed him. But I pulled
off, and shot him high in the shoulder.
Dazed, he staggered backwards, tripped
and fell. He was a wretched coward,
groveling, and begging for his life. It was
but a slight wound. I ripped open his
jacket and staunched the blood.

  I didn’t ask him why he tried to kill me,
but he told me. His name was Gable. He
had been to Cherryvale for supplies, and
had seen the posters giving a good descrip-
tion of me, and offering the large reward
for my apprehension, or death. When I
limped toward the fire, and came close
enough for him to see my blue eyes, he
recognized me in spite of my disguise.

  He was the type of outlaw that was
hated above all others in the Territory,
selling guns, ammunition and whiskey to
the Indians.

  After bandaging his wound, I followed
him to where he had his outfit. After a
few grunts and groans, he mounted his
swayback sorrel mare, and taking the lead-
line of his pack mule, was off without the
customary farewell.

  Overanxious to be on his way, he forgot
to take his cooking utensils and food, and,
although greatly worried, I made a hearty
meal. His treacherous attempt on my life,
coupled with the fact that he had recog-
nized me so readily, made my task doubly
hard. Besides, I knew that this part of the
Territory was infested by bounty-hunting
outlaws, and Indians.

  The sun was peeping above the tree tops
when I mounted and sped swiftly along
the trail, straining my eyes and ears to hear
or see the unusual. Hills covered with a
dense growth of timber and undergrowth,
canyons so choked with brush and tangled
drift that their bottoms never saw sun-

BANDIT	95

light, were before me. The only sound
that reached my ear was the slight jingle
of the gear on the impatient roan.

  Hours passed. The afternoon shadows
lengthened. Near the Border were a few
open spaces. These I crossed with mis-
givings. The big roan had flung miles be-
hind her seemingly without effort.

  The sun was low in the west when I
approached the small clearing surrounded
with cottonwood trees, in which the town
of Cherryvale was hidden. Deciding that
boldness was the best method, I rode down
the main street.

I CAME to the feed-lot. Dismounting,
I led the roan in and requested the
Indian in Charge to give her water, grain,
and a rubdown.

  The town was quiet as I made my way
up the street to the nearest saloon. Only
a few saddle horses and a couple of wag-
ons showed in the street, and not more
than a half a dozen men were in sight. My
entrance was opportune, as I was the only
customer. The bartender was a Cherokee
Indian, and I spoke to him in the dialect.
“How about a drink of whiskey?” I asked
him. Placing a bottle and glass on the bar,
he said: “Help yourself, kid. You’re white
and twenty-one, or I am blind.”

  I was startled, but his broad wink as-
sured me. As no customers arrived I
bought several drinks, and at my request
he joined me. I told him I had some ur-
gent business to transact with the banker,
but as I had arrived after banking hours
it would be necessary for me to locate his
residence, and asked him for information
as to its whereabouts. He told me that
the banker was out of town, but that his
brother, who was the cashier, and lived
with him, would no doubt be able to serve
me. Beckoning me, he went to the door
and pointed to a house several doors from
the bank, and said that it was the banker’s
residence. After buying a final drink, I
bade him good night and left.

  Back again on the street, I found that
the town had begun to come to life. Horses
were hitched along the rails, and several
men were standing in front of the saloon
across the way. My entrance to the town
had been timely! I had met with far more
success than I had dared hope fori

  Having no further business to detain
96	FRONTIER

me, I headed for the feed-lot; keeping in
the shadows. Reaching it, I led out the
roan, mounted and headed out of town.
About a mile from town I found a place,
some yards off the trail, where the brush
was thick enough to conceal the roan. Dis-
mounting, I removed both saddle and
bridle, and staked her out.

  My un familiarity with the trails in that
thickly wooded part of the Territory,
which I would be compelled to travel,
caused me to postpone robbing the bank
until the early hours of morning. It was
barely twelve miles to the Border, and I
was banking my chances on the swiftness
and endurance of my mount. I had little
fear of being pursued across the Line by
a posse. There was small chance of them
trying to explore the gloomy canyons and
thickly wooded hills. Daring lawmen, and
greedy grasping reward seekers, had been
known to enter on the trail of badly
wanted fugitives — and never return.
Others had returned, tied to their saddles,
dead.

  I figured that I had about five hours to
wait, so I found a nook and stretched out
to take a nap. I wasn’t going to spend it
worrying about something ahead!

  Two hours before dawn, I saddled the
roan, and headed back to Cherryvale.
When I arrived I found the streets empty.
The town slumbered! Tying the roan to
a large cottonwood tree in front of the
bank, I strolled down the street to the
banker’s house, and knocked loudly on the
door.

  The man who opened it had appar-
ently been in haste, as he was pulling
his trousers on over his nightshirt. When
he started asking me my business, I shoul-
dered in without ceremony. He took a
step backwards, and his face went ashen.
“What—is—the—meaning—of—this ?” he
stammered.

  Pressing my gun against his breast, I
told him: “Not another word out of you,
fellow.” Grasping him by the arm, I
pulled him through the doorway, and
gently closed the door.

  He seemed to know what it was all
about, as he headed for the bank without
being told. He unlocked the bank door,
and stepped hastily within. The watch-
man, on whom he may have depended, and
who slept on a bunk in the rear of the

 STORIES

bank, sat up sleepily, rubbing his eyes.
Catching sight of the gun in my hand, his
hand slid under the pillow and came out
furtively grasping a gun. I fired instantly,
and it disappeared from his hand. He sat
staring with stupefaction at his bleeding
fingers.

  Afraid that my shot would attract atten-
tion, I prodded the horror-stricken cashier
with the still smoking gun, and demanded
that he open the safe, quickly, if he wished
to live.

  He was trembling to the extent he could
hardly grasp the knob. However, he
opened it readily. I pitched him the sad-
dlebags, and told him to fill them with
paper money, only.

  The watchman still sat on the bunk
nursing his wounded hand, and the cashier
was hastily stuffing the saddlebags with
currency, when I heard, faint and far
away, the sound of running feet. Snatch-
ing the bags from the cashier, I backed to
the door; keeping them both covered.
Opening it, I ran swiftly across the walk
to where I had tied the roan, quickly un-
hitched her, and mounted.

  I was not a moment too soon, as I was
quickly surrounded by a bunch of town-
men, who stood gaping, staring in amaze-
ment.

  Then one of them, a hawkish-faced fel-
low with a crooked gash of a mouth,
pushed himself to the front and stood
glowering. I felt his challenge; his bel-
ligerence. A hush of expectancy fell over
the crowd. I was tensed for action, but
wholly unprepared for what followed.

SHOOTING from his hip, he fired
point-blank at me without warning.
The bullet cut my hat brim. But, before he
could fire again, I sent three bullets thud-
ding into his body. As he fell, I emptied
my gun over the startled crowd, and
wheeling my mount and uttering the shrill
Cherokee cry of victory, dashed back to-
ward the Territory.

  The townies, recovering from their con-
fusion, sent several badly aimed bullets in
my direction. But the big roan was cover-
ing the ground with mighty leaps. Reach-
ing the heavy timber and underbrush, she
plunged through without faltering.

   I could see no trail, as it was still dark.
Owing to the swiftness of my noble roan,
LONE

and luck at the bank, I had made far
greater speed than I had reckoned. I
wasn’t worried, as I knew the general di-
rection of the Cherokee reservation. I
headed her in that direction and gave her a
slack rein, to allow her to pick her way
around the close standing trees.

  Coming into a small clearing, I halted
her, dismounted and eagerly looked over
my haul. The stamped parcels were easily
counted. I had robbed the Cattleman’s
Bank of Cherryvale of twenty-two thou-
sand dollars, a far greater sum than I had
reckoned. I was jubilant; not for myself,
but due to the fact that my friend wouldn’t
have to give up his holdings for the want
of ready cash.

  All that day I traveled slowly through
the dense timber. I was searching for the
cattle trail; so far, without success. How
far I had traveled toward my destination,
I had no idea. When darkness came it be-
gan to rain. Thunder rolled heavily against
the cliffs, and rolled down into the valley
and black canyons. When it was too dark
to travel further, I found a declivity lead-
ing into a canyon, and in its desolate se-
clusion spent a quiet night.

  Next morning when light enough to
travel, I saddled the roan, mounted and
searched for the slope where I had en-
tered. When I located it, and ascended to
the rim, I saw a log cabin not over a hun-
dred yards distance away. Smoke was
ascending from the chimney. Anticipat-
ing a hot meal, and information about the
cattle trail, I dismounted and tied up the
roan, and approached it cautiously. But
when I saw nothing to cause alarm, I
stepped boldly into the clearing, and hailed.
When I received no reply to my repeated
hailings, I approached the cabin, and
knocked loudly on the door with the butt
of my carbine. Shuffling feet sounded
when I repeated my summons. The inside
bar was removed, and the door cautiously
opened.

  The man who faced me in the doorway
was a ’breed, dressed in buckskins. He
was drunk, and held a rifle loosely in his
hand. “Easy with that rifle, fellow,” I
said to him in the Cherokee dialect.

  In his drunken condition, he mistook me
for an Indian and addressed me in the
same dialect. But, as he was a Chickapee

7—Frontier Stories—Fall

BANDIT	97

breed, he spoke the words poorly. I
thought he was asking me to have a drink.

  As he said nothing further, but stood
staring at me in a hostile manner, I be-
came suspicious of him, and was about to
demand the hospitality he should have ac-
corded me without request. I placed my
hand on my gunbutt, and was about to
speak when I felt the hard muzzle of a
gun jab me in the back, and a voice that
sounded like the friction of a file on steel,
that said: “This is the hydrophobia skunk
I was telling you about, Dick. Step aside.
I am going to blow him apart.”

  With my hand already on my gunbutt
in swivel holster, I instantly tipped it back-
wards, and thumbed the hammer with the
rapidity gained from long practice. Al-
though my shooting was done blindly, it
was deadly accurate. When I heard him
fall, I stepped aside, still keeping the breed
covered.

  When I had shot his partner, I saw him
tense. His hand stole toward the hammer
of his gun. I thought for a moment that
I would be compelled to kill him, also. I
commanded him to drop his rifle. He not
only dropped it, but unbuckled his belt,
and let his guns drop.

  Then I looked at the man I had shot,
and was not greatly surprised to find that
he was Gable, the peddler. A great blotch
of blood covered his jacket on his left
breast. His moaning had ceased. And
even as I looked at him, his breath left him
in a slow gasp.

  Entering the cabin, I commanded the
breed to prepare my breakfast. And while
he was doing so, I questioned him about
the cattle trail. He told me that the trail
was only a short distance from the cabin.

  After eating I took him with me to
where I had tied the roan, and demanded
that he show me the trail. When we reached
it, I unloaded his guns, and gave them to
him. After cautioning him not to follow me,
I galloped swiftly down the trail; glancing
back occasionally to see if I were followed.

  I gave the roan a loose rein, and allowed
her to travel in leisurely fashion, while I
scanned the brush for a likely place to
make camp.

  Suddenly the roan changed her direction,
and headed in a southerly direction along
a narrow trail. Then, straight ahead
through the thick foliage, I spied the light
FRONTIER STORIES

98

of a fire, and heard the terrified bawl of a
frightened steer being seared by a hot iron.

  Dismounting, I removed my spurs, and
worked my way through the thick brush
with difficulty. When about a hundred
yards from where I had left my mount, I
made out a large log corral filled with cat-
tle, and by the dim light of a small fire, I
could see several human figures. It was
too dark to judge accurately, but one of
them who sat humped in the saddle of a
large horse looked like Henry Starr.

  My mind was wholly obsessed with the
spectacle before me, when a voice spoke to
me from the brush. “Steady, kid,” it
warned. “Keep your hand away from
your gun.”

  Then, straight in front of me, and not
over ten feet distance away, the brush
parted and a man stepped forth with a gun
pointed directly at me. He walked up to
within a yard of me, and stood grinning;
but the set of his jaw and the look in his
eyes boded me no good.

  I stood tensed, with feet well braced,
ready to take advantage of the first oppor-
tunity he gave me. The situation looked
hopeless. He held his gun with confidence.

  He spoke roughly. “What in the hell
are you up to, Indian, prowling, and snoop-
ing around here at this time of the night?”
I had forgotten my stained face. He
thought I was an Indian. It was better
luck than I had expected. I wasn’t going
to enlighten him, and when I answered I
did so in the Cherokee dialect, asking if
he were a law officer. He shook his head,
giving me to understand that he under-
stood none of the dialect. I then mixed a
few words of English with Cherokee, and
told him I had a message for Henry Starr.
He was startled, and looked at me search-
ingly, and inquired, “Then why are you
sneaking around over here in the brush?
Henry’s ranch is over by the Cherokee
reservation.”

  Mumbling a few words of Cherokee, I
pointed towards the corral. He made the
mistake of turning to see what I was
pointing at. He was quick to realize his
mistake, and whirled quickly, but only in
time to look in the muzzle of my guns.

  “Don’t move! Drop your gun, fellow!”
I snapped at him.

He was so mad that he had allowed
himself to be tricked that he hesitated, and

stood staring at me with bleak, murderous
eyes. But when I repeated my command,
he dropped his rifle, and when I had
stripped him of his short guns, I asked
him: “Who are your friends that are doing
the branding?”

  “Go to hell!” he shouted, and cursed me
for a full minute.

  “I have a message for Henry Starr,” I
told him, “and if that isn’t him over at the
corral, I will have to take you with me to
his ranch.”

  He thought this over for a moment, and
said nastily, “If you want to see Henry,
he’s over at the corral. But damn you to
hell, if you are lying to me.”

  “If it isn’t Henry, and you are leading
me into a trap,” I told him earnestly, “you
had better start saying your prayers now.”
We started to walk.

COMING within a short distance of
the corrals, my eyes made a quick
survey of the place. At the far corner of
the big double corral two white men sat
their mounts, surrounded by a dozen In-
dians. In the corral, close at hand, Henry
Starr was mounted on his big gray stud-
horse, and surrounded by a full score of
Indians, squatting on their haunches
around a small fire, and talking in guttural
tones. When one of the Indians called his
attention to us, Henry left the corral, and
rode forward. When he recognized me
and the man I was bringing in on the
point of my gun, he laughed outright. Re-
covering, he extended his hand, and said:
“Glad to see you, Johnny. I see you know
your way around.”

  Grasping his hand, I told him: “Glad to
see you around, too, Chief.”

  “Well, Johnny,” he remarked, “I see
that the man you brought in has sneaked,
and if you have nothing to detain you we
will be on our way.”

 We rode along in silence. Henry
drooped in his saddle, seemed in deep
meditation. Presently, he spoke in a
slightly worried tone, “Johnny, I let that
fine bunch of steers go for ten dollars a
head! Stealing cattle isn’t very profitable
at that price!”

  When we reached the home corral, which
we did shortly, as the distance was only
five miles, Henry remarked in a joshing
tone, “Come, give an account of yourself,
LONE

youngster. You come barging into one of
my strongest cattle hideouts, bringing my
lookout in on the point of your gun. What
have you been up to since you visited me ?”
Tossing him the saddlebags, which I
was carrying across my arm, I told him
proudly: “I had a little job in view, Chief,
and, not seeing any of the gang around,
I did it myself.”

  Looking into the bags he saw the pack-
ages of currency, and inquired, “How
much, and from where?—if it is a fair
question.”

  I told him that I had robbed the bank
at Cherryvale, Kansas, of twenty-two thou-
sand dollars. He seemed surprised, and
inquired, “Did I understand you to say
you robbed the Cattleman’s Bank of
Cherryvale ?”

  When I informed him that he had not
misunderstood me, he looked at me with
eyes that danced with laughter, and I heard
him mumble, “And he brought the old
wolf’s cub in on the point of his gun, too.”
He questioned me no further, but re-
marked, “You must be hungry, Johnny.
Let’s see what Pearl has ready for us.”
When we entered the house, the food
was on the table, waiting. Pearl had been
informed by the Indians of our coming,
long before our arrival.

  Seated in the sittingroom, after a hearty
meal, I told Henry of my adventure. How
I was compelled to kill the townsman, and
peddler.

  Henry made no comments, but inquired,
“What do you intend to do with the
money ?”

  I told him that my sole object in rob-
bing the bank was to obtain money for him
to pay for an extension of his holdings.

  “That is mighty fine of you,” he said
sincerely, “but I can’t accept your money
as a gift. I am having a tough time lately,
and need money badly, so will make you a
proposition. My horse herd numbers over
three hundred head. I will give you a bill
of sale on the half of them, for fifteen
thousand dollars.”

  Knowing how justly proud Henry was
of his fine horse herd, and glad to have
him accept the money under any condi-
tions, I gladly accepted.

  Henry looked drawn, haggard and
heavy-eyed as he sat counting out the

BANDIT	99

money. “I want you to know, Johnny,”
he said, “that I sure appreciate having this
money, and the source it came from gives
me more pleasure. Did you happen to
notice two men seated on their horses at
the other end of the corrals? They were
Tom Morrow and his partner Bill Doolin!
Tom and Bill came into the Territory sev-
eral years ago: supposedly from the Hole-
in-the-Wall country in Wyoming. Tom
was run out of the Territory for rustling.
He located in Cherryvale, is now wealthy
—and owns the bank that you robbed!
And the youngster you disarmed is the son
of the man you compelled to open the safe
and give you the money!”

  Henry laughed long and loud, and re-
marked: “Johnny, that old owlhoot and
his partner worked me and my Indians
from dawn until shortly before you ar-
rived, re-branding those cattle, and then
taking advantage of the fact that he knew
I was in desperate need of ready cash,
paid me only ten dollars a head for them.”

  I told him that the bartender and cashier
could give a good description of me, and
that the cashier’s son would no doubt be
able to recognize me and tell them of my
whereabouts.

  Henry said: “You need have no fear of
the Federal authorities taking action, as
the crime was committed outside their
jurisdiction, and besides, they know Mor-
row and Bill both to be outlaws. But if
Tom learns that it was you that robbed
his bank, he will send some of his gunmen
or Kiowa Indians into the Territory to
kill you.”

  I told him Morrow had better get busy,
as I was leaving immediately for New
Mexico. I had arrived at that conclusion,
while camped in the canyon. Henry Starr,
whom I esteemed above all men I had met
in the Territory, was taking desperate
chances by giving me shelter, as he was
seriously suspected himself.

  So against his urgent plea that I make
his house my home, I bid him goodbye and
left for Muskogee.

  The next day I started on my journey,
following that broad trail along the Chero-
kee Strip leading to that sanctuary for
badly wanted men: the canyon country,
among the bloody Apache Indians in New
Mexico.
 Captain Tomahawk

By TOM W. BLACKBURN

       Tal Hastings voyaged alone to the rendezvous on the Bighorn.
       He paddled with his life in pawn, for an unseen force stalked
       that strange wild company of trappers, the free-trade legion.

100
101
CAPTAIN TOMAHAWK

 A Novel of the Fur Frontier

A DOZEN FIRES burned in the tim-
ber-ringed swale back of the river.
Along the bank, a motley assort-
ment of canoes, pirogues and bateaux lay
in the grass. Here and there were heaps
of roughly baled furs—prime plew from
the high valleys of the northland. And
among these things, spending idle talk and
rough humor like sailors ashore spending
money, moved the free-trade legion. Old
Williams, Abel Stone, Renard, Celestine,
Pere Satane—Yankees, Canuks, ’breeds,
and a few renegade Indians, ousted from
their tribes on one pretext or another. A
strange, wild company of men, living be-
yond the fringe of a frontier moving ever
more swiftly, now, into the west.

  They came from the Milk River, the
Platte, the Green and the Snake. They
brought their furs in to the rendezvous on
the Bighorn. Here they uncovered the
buried keg of whiskey and began their wait.

  At the center of the shapeless camp, a
big-bodied, great-bellied man sat near the
whiskey-barrel, doling out its contents. His
little eyes under shaggy, protruding brows,
ran paternally over the rendezvous. Car-
cajou Shane had been the first trapper into
the north country. Always his was the
biggest catch. And it was he who named
the meeting place for rendezvous the fol-
lowing year. It was his pride that he had
fathered the legion. And his greatest
pleasure was presiding over the whiskey-
barrel at rendezvous while the gay, reckless
freemen did their trading and had their fun.

  This year, however, uneasiness sat with
Carcajou, even in the tumult of raucous
laughter and rough bandinage. Some of
the brotherhood would never come in to
the Bighorn. They lay already forgotten
along some outland trail, their furs gone.
Always hated by the trading companies
who wanted all men under contract, the
free-trade was accustomed to occasional,
quarrels. But not to an unseen force which
stalked every stream in the north, striking
swiftly and from behind. Shane’s uneasi-
ness was that reasonless crawling of nerves

102

which presages war and his eyes were rest-
less with it.

  Thus, when the tall stranger swung out
of the dark river and beached his canoe in
front of the fires, Carcajou swung his hand
in an unmistakable order. Celestine and the
renegade Blackfoot, Blue Wolf, were among
the boats of the legion. Moving sound-
lessly, they came up behind the stranger
as he straightened from mooring his canoe,
and caught his elbows. It was neat and
quick and sure. Shane grinned to himself.
Without leadership, without orders or or-
ganization, how smoothly the men of the
legion worked! What an army they would
make if there ever was need!

THE stranger stabbed quick looks at
the men on either side of him, but made
no defensive move as Celestine and Blue
Wolf started him through the fires. Chaf-
fing remarks were flung at him as he moved.

  “Celestine’s slippin’. Down to huntin’
two-legged mushrats off’n the river!”

  “Big mushrat, though. Big enough to
give Blue Wolf a fust-class wrassle!”
“Like enough a damn spy prowlin’ up
from the Yankee Company’s post at Fort
National. Let’s give him a touch o’ fire
an’ send him back down the river bellerin’
to his boss!”

  The stranger grinned faintly but made
no answer. His two captors brought him
on to stand in front of Carcajou. Shane
eyed the man carefully. The boys were
right. He was almost as big as the huge
Blackfoot, but trimmed down neater. He
had level, frosty blue eyes and cedar-
colored hair that curled at his shoulders.
His rig showed signs of wear and travel,
but the hilt of the Green River knife and
the pistol in his belt were well-kept. When
Celestine and Blue Wolf stopped in front
of Shane, the stranger spoke.

  “You the boss of this shebang?”
Carcajou shook his head. “Ain’t no
boss in this camp, son,” he said. “This is
a free-trade rendezvous and the man that
could boss it ain’t been born!”
CAPTAIN TOMAHAWK	103

  The stranger pushed back his tattered,
flat-crowned hat, his eyes warming.

  “Then I reckon this’s the place I been
looking for!” He chuckled. “Gents, you’re
looking at a jigger that’s got a bellyfull of
other folks’ meddlin’ and a plain unreason-
able hankering to paddle his own canoe.
Name’s Tal Hastings. Cornin’ all the way
up from Leavenworth, I been cutting for
sign of a partner that was cut from the
same cloth as me. And from what I hear,
I figgered on findin’ him here. A lotip-
garou called Carcajou Shane!”

  Shane let the sombreness slide from his
face. When a man’s been in the north
country a dozen years, it makes a warm
place in him to find out his name travels
as far down-river as Forth Leavenworth.
And beside this, the newcomer had a reck-
less, challenging light in his eyes which
sat well with Carcajou Shane. The years
were creeping up on him and the fire of a
younger man might keep lonely camps
warm. Until this minute, Shane had never
thought of taking on a partner. But the
idea suddenly struck home. He grinned,
nodded at the two who held the tall man’s
elbows, and stuck out his hand.

  “I’m Shane,” he said shortly. “Sit down,
Hastings. Got to forgive us if we met
you with a mite of an edge. Old McFaim,
up at Fort Benedict, agreed last fall to
meet this rendezvous and take our furs
off’n our hands. He’s six days overdue,
right now. And there’s plenty hell loose
in this green country this season. We’re
some rooty till McFairn shows!”

  Hastings straddled a log and dragged a
short, stem-bitten pipe from his pocket.
His eyes ran appreciatively over the stacked
furs which represented the season’s free-
trade catch across the whole of the north.

  “McFairn—Anglican man, isn’t he?
Seems I’ve heard of him. An’ the hearing
was all bad. You boys aiming to out-fox
a fox?”

  Shane shrugged. “Grizzly’s more like it
when you’re talkin’ of Red John McFairn,”
he said. “But damn mangy company men,
they’ve tied our heads up, neat. Only one
other post in the territory—Ab Moline’s
Fort National. And Moline won’t take
our trade. Either you got a contract with
his Yankee Fur Company or you’re open
game to every rifle out of Fort National
and to hell with your furs! We’re playin’

trades with a striped-backed skunk when
we deal with McFairn. But it’s .either that
or haul our furs ourselves eighteen hun-
dred miles down to St. Joe. Ain’t much
choice!”

  Hastings nodded, his eyes running over
the camp again with their rapid, keening
look. A little suspicion roused in Shane
as he watched that swift scrutiny. But it
fled when the newcomer spoke again.

  “I’d been rooty, too, if I had me a
couple of bales of plew in these stacks.
Isn’t a post on white-water that can boast
a take like this, and McFairn isn’t the only
factor that’d burn a little powder to have
it turn up at St. Joe to his credit. Cornin’
in a while ago I could hear a chanson
cornin’ out of here and see the fires a mile
away. But there wasn’t a hand laid to me
till I stepped ashore. I heard there was
a first-class fur-war on up here between
the free-traders, McFaim’s Anglican Com-
pany, and the Yankee Company at Fort
National, with Four Men’s band of Black-
feet prowlin’ to make it more interesting.
But here you sit at an overdue rendezvous
without any outposts up and down river
to keep steel out of you back! You boys
so tough a knife-blade can’t hurt you?”

  Carcajou Shane colored. It was, in a
way, a just criticism. And the fault, also
in a way, was his. But the boys didn’t
come into a rendezvous after a long and
bitter winter to stand guard or patrol the
river. They came in to make their trade,
load new supplies, and name next year’s
meeting-place. They came to swap yarns
with old friends, to lie owlishly to strangers,
and to drink more whiskey than they could
hold. The brotherhood was accustomed
to the jealousy of the companies and the
occasional malice of the roving Blackfeet.
And not for these things would a single
man of them forego an hour of the rowdy
joy of a rendezvous. Singly and scattered,
they were the greatest warriors on the
rivers. Banded together, they were in-
vincible. They knew it, and they feared no
attack.

  Shane stood up, his eyes travelling appre-
hensively over the encampment. Down by
the river, the Canuks and the ’breeds had
gathered around the mad padre, horse faced
old Pere Satane. His dolorous bass was
leading off into the river-song of the
voyaguers.
104	FRONTIER

  The surging, rollicking chant of that
woods-tongue chanson eased Shane, its con-
fident, reckless beat building up in him as
it always did. He turned to Hastings,
spreading his hands wide with a smile.

  “What could hurt them?” he asked.

  Tal Hastings had pulled his pistol from
his belt. Swiftly he shucked off the
weathered caps over the charges in its
cylinder and replaced them with gleaming
new ones. When he raised his head, his
eyes had grown bleak and sharp .with
urgency.

  “Maybe nothing!” he agreed shortly.
“But we’ll damn soon find out. I been try-
ing to break it gently. Half an hour ago I
sneaked past forty men, headed by a red-
whiskered giant who might be John Mc-
Fairn. They were headed this way, and
they were toting war—not trade goods—
with ’em!”

II

IF Tal Hastings .had felt doubt about
Carcajou Shane, it swiftly fled. The
old trapper stood woodenly for a moment,
blinking his eyes and trying to understand
what Tal had told him. Then he erupted
into a volcano of roaring action. His great
voice lifted over the camp, striking at the
scattered groups like a battering ram.

  “Satane!” he bellowed, “Abel, Williams!
Get a fire going down there on the water.
Douse the rest of ’em. McFairn’s cornin’
—an’ he wants trouble!”

  In seconds, the face of the camp changed.
A slight, lithe boy ran in from the bedding-
ground, carrying a rifle and .belt which he
handed to Pere Satane. The singers
choked off their chanson, dragging timber
swiftly onto the shingle at the water’s edge
and starting a big fire. Fur-bales were
yanked back to the timber-fringe, stacked
in one pile, and two men spread out into
the grass on either side to guard them.
The bung was slammed back into the
whiskey-barrel, and it was rolled. into the
brush.

  The river-song was dead. Its rollicking
boastfulness was gone. A grim line was
cut across faces which had been stupid with
drink or flushed with fun. Extra guns were
being charged, ramrods whistling in their
bores. Shane, himself, had plunged down
among the boats, flinging men right and

STORIES

left into positions from which they could
hamper an attack. Hastings grinned to
himself, felt the excitement of the moment
lift him. On the long trek out from the
Missouri town, there had been no way of
knowing if his hunch would work. Many
times he had wondered if he was a fool, if
he had bitten off more than he could chew.

  The reaction of this rendezvous of wild
men to the word he brought in with him
eased all of that, and he forgot everything
except that a fight was facing a. legion of
which he was to become an important part.

  Moments later, the swiftly-running
shadows of war-canoes creased the smooth-
ness of the Bighorn. Down on the river
bank the alarm raised.

  “Hola, ennemi!” and a moment later,
confirming his guess as to the identity of
the crew he had passed, “McFairn, Le
Rouge McFairn!”

  A rifle-shot drowned out the cry. A
sheet of muzzle-flame licked in from the
river. Under its cover, the canoes swung
sharply inward. Among the legion’s own
boats a man spun eerily and fell in the
mud. Others broke cover and ran for the
camp, preferring to get behind the blazing
beacon now flaming high on the river-bank
to make their stand. Carcajou Shane came
loping up, his wide face dripping with
sweat, and recharging his weapon as he
ran.

  “We’re spread too thin!” he howled at
Tal. “They’ll come ashore right in the
middle of us!”

  “Spread wider, then!” Hastings shot
back. “Give ’em room and let ’em land.
We’ll make them sorry!”

  Shane grunted, apparently grateful for
someone else’s strategy to bolster his own.
He wheeled back, roaring to the trappers to
give ground. Tal raced away in a circling
loop, his eyes searching expertly for those
among the defenders who could be spared
from the present positions. The first of
these he saw was the boy who had brought
Satane his belt and gun. The kid was
hunkered down behind a log, laboriously
levelling a heavy rifle. Tal dropped a
quick, hard hand to his shoulder.

  “Save it for a minute. Trail me. We’ll
make it hot for ’em!”

  The boy looked up, shook his head. He
waved his hand toward a break of ground
closer to the river where Satane and some
CAPTAIN TOMAHAWK	105

of the Canuks were braced against the
men pouring out of the landing canoes.

  “I always stick with Pere,” he protested.
“I’ll be all right!”

  “All right!” Tal pulled up, wheeled
back. “Who gives a damn how you’ll be ?”
he snapped. “A kid your age should be
as good as a man! Now, confound your
hairless chin, get on your back legs and
track me. We’ve got a fight to make!”
The kid colored and a blank, half-amused
astonishment showed in his eyes. But he
straightened, lifted the heavy rifle, and
started after Tal. Circling the camp, he
found three others—two sourdoughs from
the Kansas country and a surly, hatchet-
faced Canuk. Swiftly Hastings dropped
down through thewtimber and cut out to the
river. Swinging -upstream again, he -brought
his little -company within a score of yards
of the big fire on the water’s edge. For
the first time he got a good look at the
attacking force. It was strung out in a
double line between the water and the cen-
ter of the camp, turning its fire two direc-
tions against the defenders crouched in
the timber on either side.

  Red John McFairn, called The Red
by the Canuks, was about midway up the
line of his men, watching for a chance to
work across to the stack of baled furs. Tal
dropped those with him into thick grass
and waited. Directly those defenders who
were with Satane in the little break of
ground were caught in a -cross-fire and
forced to drop back. When they did this,
McFairn shouted and a party broke for the
fur -bales. Tal turned to his little com-
pany, then.

  “Cut loose!” he barked tersely. “Start
at the river. Pick every man off in that
double line you can. Work slow and work
sure. McFairn’s boys won’t like lead in
their back any better than we do, and we
might turn ’em!”

  When Tal paused to reload his pistol
after the first round, he saw that the kid
with the big rifle was having trouble with
its weight. Dropping his shot-pouch, horn
and hand gun beside the slight figure, he
lifted the rifle.

  “I’ll take that. You reload for the rest
of us. We’ll make a fightingman out of
you, yet!”

  The kid shot a quick, venomous look up-
ward. Tal laughed and picked off a Fort

Benedict man who was swinging a gun
butt at one of the guards beside the fur
bales. The hatchet-faced Canuk among
those Tal had recruited snarled at him.

  “Stick to your shooting, mon amt,” he
hissed. “Leave the enfant be or Pere
Satane’ll close your big mouth with steel!”

  The kid shoved Tal’s hand gun back,
loaded. His lips curled above even teeth.
“Mind your own shooting, Celestine!” the
kid snapped. “You’re doing precjous little
of it !” •

  There was a sharp sting to the words,
and they were weighted with fact. Tal’s
grin widened at the black anger which
spread over the Canuk’s face. The kid
reached for a spent rifle and plumbed its
bore with a practiced stab of its rod. Tak-
ing up the short gun, Tal’s grin froze. In
spite of the determined fire pouring out of
the grass into the backs of McFairn’s men,
the Fort Benedict chief had gotten half
a dozen of them among the piled furs.
They were pawing swiftly for the choicest
bales. And the way back to the boats was
held open by the still unbroken double line
of men. Worse, another little party were
bucketing water out of the river over the
huge beacon Shane had ordered lit on the
bank. It was guttering low, robbing the
flame-stabbed darkness of the camp of its
last light.

BARKING a sharp order to keep the
fire coming from where they crouched,
Hastings leaped up and sprinted away from
the kid and his companions. Twice guns of
the defenders roared at him, unable to tell
friend from foe. But it was hard shooting
and the slugsnvent wide. He drove straight
at where he had last seen McFairn, hoping
to take the leader and break the back of
the attack. But McFairn had moved in
the darkness and Tal missed him. He
turned a little and charged toward the
raiders at the fur bales. Across the camp,
somebody else had the same idea. Carcajou
Shane’s drum-beat of a voice sledged into
the gloom.

  “Give, ’em steel, lads—clean to the Green
River!”

  It was a grim, heartening cry. Tal fin-
gered the haft of the knife at his belt. On
the flat of the blade, just under the curl
of the hilt-guard, was the name of the
weapon, engraved deeply—Green River.
106	FRONTIER STORIES

A blade like that, sunk to that lettering,
meant a dead enemy in a good man’s hands.
Carcajou was ordering the legion to close
in.

  A man staggered close with a fur-bale
across his shoulders. Tal kicked his feet
out from under him, sledged the top of
his head with the muzzle of his pistol, and
ran on. A gun spewed fire almost into his
face, blinding him for a moment, but he
caught one of the man’ arms. Jerking
the arm across the top of his shoulder, he
wheeled and bent double forward, throwing
the leverage of his body against the arm.
Bone snapped and the man who owned it
sailed limply over Tal’s head.

  Down by the river a new alarm broke.
“They’re headin’ for the water!”
Angling back toward the river at a full
run, Hastings crashed into another running
figure. Still thinking of McFairn, but un-
able to make out faces in the gloom, Tal
sank fingers into this man’s shoulders. The
fellow turned like a huge cat, swinging a
hard fist into Tal’s face. It shoook him to
his moccasins and he went down. But he
pulled the man with him. Frantically he
rolled on the grass, trying to get clear. And
when the other’s bulk pressed him, he set
his steel-corded legs about the middle of
his opponent in a merceless scissors grip.
They lay together silently, their breath
whistling, one resisting a deadly grip, the
other trying to bring it into full play. Down
by the river Tal heard firing build rapidly
up, then come to an abrupt halt. A harsh,
angry shout raised up along the water.

  “The dirty, back-stabbin’, night-prowlin’
sons! They got away, all of ’em !”

  The man under Tal rolled against the
scissors in a superhuman effort which gave
him a moment’s breath before the merciless
grip shifted expertly and closed again.

  “The hell they all got away!” the man
wheezed desperately. “Get a hand up here,
quick. I’ve got one of the devils!”

  With a grunt Tal broke his hold and sat
up. Something tugged at him with the
sound of that half-boastful, half-pleading
voice. Something that had to get out of
him before it split him wide open. His
laugh echoed against the timber.

  “Hastings!” Carcajou Shane grunted
painfully from a yard away. “You. Damn
you for a belly-bustin’ bull-snake. Ain’t a
whole rib in my carcass!”

Ill

COUNT of the furs by newly-lighted
fires showed McFairn’s raiders had
gone down the Bighorn richer by three bales
of prime plew. A count of the dead showed
he had plenty of room in his bateaux
for the fur on the home trip, for he had lost
eleven men to four from the rendezvous.
This count of the legion’s tally, together
with the knowledge that the Fort Bendict
crew had been twice as strong as their own,
drew some of the sting of the raid. The
only sorehead in the battle-marked ren-
dezvous was Carcajou Shane, who rubbed
at his ribs and scowled blackly at Tal
Hastings. But there was a glint of high
fun in the old trapper’s eyes which belied
the blackness of his face.

  The same glint was in Pere Satane’s jet
eyes when he led the kid who tracked with
him across to where Tal was sitting.

  “Ah, M’sieu,” Satane said solemnly,
“Pere owes to you a great something! For
t’ree year I have take care of this little
one, here. For t’ree year I have try to
do what nature have make impossible—I
have try to fashion a voyagcur of this one.
But you—ah, M’sieu!” Turning to the
rest of the company, Satane raised his voice
roguishly. ‘ Camarad.es, hola, what a
woods-runner this one is. In one little
fight he is promise to make a man of Mili!
And he does it. Mili swears that now she
is a man, by gar!”

  Tal stared at the kid. The more he
stared, the more he saw what a fool he had
been. This was a girl facing him! A small,
beautiful girl with the devil in her dark
eyes and her jet hair rolled tight to her
head to fit under her river-cap. He felt
heat flood his face. He saw the blackness
drop from Shane’s scowl. He heard the
old trapper break into a roaring laugh
that paid him back in full for his own glee
at having bent Carcajou’s ribs in the dark.
Alone of the camp, the girl didn’t laugh.
But the mischievous, taunting little smile
on her lips was harder to bear than the
howls of the legion. He pulled to his
feet in embarrassment.

  “What now?” he asked Shane. The
old trapper scrubbed the tears of joy from
his eyes and sobered.

  “Why now, Tal,” he said slowly, “I
reckon most of us’ll want to go after a
CAPTAIN TOMAHAWK	107

little of that plew that grows atop two-
legged critters up Fort Benedict way!”
“We’ll want a place we can work from,
then,” Tal said thoughtfully. “A place
where we can mould our bullets and stack
our furs without getting caught like we
were tonight!”

  Carcajou eyed Tal speculatively. After
a-moment he stood up and jerked his head
away from the fires.

  “Son,” he said quietly, “I want to talk
to you.”

  Tal followed him into the shadows at the
fringe of timber. Shane bit a huge chaw
out of a plug of trade tobacco and rolled
it reflectively across his tongue. Finally
he spoke.

  “Looky, Hastings, you’ve made a good
dent with most of the boys at this gatherin’.
But they ain’t fools, no more’n me! None
of us is swallerin’ appearances—that you
jest happened along, two jumps ahead of
them Benedict wolves! It’s a nice yarn
about how you heard of me clean down in
Leavenworth and tracked all the ways up
here to find me. Only trouble is, it don’t
hang together! You talked, jest now,
like you aimed to string along with us.
Mebbe you’ll tell me why?”

  Tal had been expecting this. He reached
carefully for his words. His whole mis-
sion in the north country hung on how
this grizzled old veteran sized him up.

  “I did hear of you in Leavenworth,” he
said slowly. “And that’s where I came
from. As to why I came, that’s got to ride,
for now. Say I heard there was a war up
here and I wanted me a piece of it. When
the sign’s right, I’ll lay out the rest of
the story. Till then, I’ve got to be a fur
man, fighting a fur man’s fight, or I’ve
got to get out! It’s up to you, Shane.”
The old man stood woodenly for a long
moment.- Tal felt shrewd old eyes measur-
ing him clear to the roots. Finally Car-
cajou shot out his hand.

  “We need you, son,” he said quietly.
“We need you bad. You got a hand at
leadin’ a fight and such gents are scarce.
I’ll pass the word through the bunch. Most
of ’em will stick by us, I think. But there’ll
be soreheads, mostly Celestine’s Canuks.
Celestine’s a bad one and he don’t take
shovin’, even when it’s to save his own
skin. And he was one of them you shoved
down to the creek tonight, along of Mili.”

  Tal shrugged. “You work a crew up
the way you think. We’ll try to hit on a
good hideout tonight. In the morning I’m
going back down river to Moline’s post on
Powder River. If we’re aiming to tackle
McFairn, it’d be nice to know Moline
wouldn’t come at us when we were caught
short. I’ve got a notion I can talk that
Yankee Fur factor into pullin’ in his horns,
complete!”

  “You got that hunch from listenin’ at
Leavenworth again!” Shane said drily.
“Ab Moline’s alius had a streak of cat in
him, but his own trappers, workin’ on the
starvation contracts he hands out, bucked
him enough to keep his claws plumb wore
down to the quick. He was mostly talk
and damned little do. But somethin’ hap-
pened to him this winter. Chest’s popped
out half a foot. Got plain cussed. Can’t
figger it unless somebody’s proddin’ him or
he’s got hisself a new brand of brave-maker
to drink!”

  Hastings shrugged. The two of them
walked back into the camp. It had split
apart. Abel Stone and Old Williams,
Satane and Mili, four or five others who
had come up trails from the south in the
beginning, were gathered at one fire.
Celestine had drawn the Canuks, the breeds,
and Blue Wolf, the renegade Blackfoot,
down to the boats. As Tal and Carcajou
came out of the timber, Celestine moved
up toward them, his men splitting off
toward the scattered fur pile.

  “Shane,” Celestine said softly, “for long
tam I think you getting old. Too old for
smart trappair. Certainment! Now is
proof. You take this Hastings like he is
the brother. Could be Yankee Fur Com-
pany spy, making trap. No! Is cannarade.
Could be spy for Rouge McFairn, making
trap for fools, also. No! Is good voyaguer.
Bah! Not for Celestine! The fur, she is
scatter from the bale. Nobody know which
belong to him or how much. Celestine
takes his men and they take one half of fur.
More easy this way than counting, hein?”
As he spoke, the Canuk slid close to
Carcajou Shane. The old trapper’s face
darkened appoplectically.

  “Half!” he roared. “You stinking lynx,
you and them white bellies that’ve listened
to you never took a quarter of that stack
over there! Damn you, Celestine. For
ten seasons the free-trade’s stuck together,
108

FRONTIER STORIES

and because we did, we’ve made our way.
You know that. Now, when we’re against
our toughest haul, you slide out. I’d see
you in hell before you take half of that
plew!”

  A thin smile creased the Canuk’s face.
A hand whipped to the back of his neck,
returning with a wicked, broad-bladed trap-
per’s knife. He thrust the steel forward
till it pressed against the swell of Shane’s
belly.

  “Stand easy, Shane. Ever’body stand
easy! The knife is sharp and the hand
quick! Celestine was aim to play fair.
Now he is a lynx. Pouf I A lynx don’
care what he do. So, we take all the fur!
If there is fight, Carcajou die—so!”

  He made a short, ugly motion of the
knife which, if had been thrust deep, would
have disembowled the big trapper. Shane’s
face was white. Stone and Williams and
the others stood like graven granite, careful
that they didn’t startle the renegade into
thrusting his steel home. Pere Satane, his
queer, intense eyes burning with a savage
fire, trembled. But he held his arms rigidly
at his sides.

THE Canuk’s companions hastily loaded
themselves with fur and started for
the boats. Mili Duquesne let out a tor-
tured cry and flung herself at Celestine.

  He caught her with his free arm, pulled
her in close to him, ignoring the flailing of
her hard little hands.

  “Ha, La Fleur!” he grinned, “this time
room only for plew and my men. But one
soon day—ah, you will see, mon enfant.
That time I will come for you!”

  Squirming madly, Mili bent and sank
her teeth into Celestine’s arm. With a
sharp, angry oath, he flung her spinning
from him. She clung to his wrist until
he shook her savagely free.

  It happened in a moment, but it was the
little break in the Canuk’s attention that
Tal needed. His hand moved easily across
in front of his belt. His pistol slid from
leather, levelled, and fired in a smooth
rythm.

  Celestine’s knife spun angrily off into
space. The renegade screamed and clutched
at his shattered wrist. Tal moved forward,
forcing the man back toward his boats
with every step. Abel Stone and Old Wil-
liams had their guns up, stonily on the

Canuk’s crew. Bales of fur spilled from
nerveless shoulders. In moments the whole
party was at the edge of the water.

  “Shove off!” Tal told Celestine tone-
lessly.

  The Canuk whimpered. “But the plew
—one quarter belongs to us!”

  “Shove off!” The words were as brittle
as shattered ice. Celestine stood uncer-
tainly for a moment, his eyes blazing and
the pain of his wound pulling his face into
an ugly mask of hatred. Then he turned
and stepped into the batteau.

  Carcajou stood at Tal’s elbow until the
boats were lost in the shadows over the
river. Finally he turned and touched Tal’s
arm.

  “Thanks, son,” he said simply.

  Mili sat hunkered over the fire when
they turned back into the camp, one hand
up to an ugly bruise across one cheek. A
hot blaze burned in her eyes. But it was
no match for the consuming heat in those
of Pere Satane, crouched in awkward com-
fort beside her. Satane looked up as Tal
and Shane approached.

  “Mysel’, I come from the lak country to
the far nort’. I am Canuk, by gar! One
tam I am man of peace, I am padre, I carry
the Book. Then I am sick in my head,
and I am no longer a good padre. I am
devil. I take off my coat. I t’row the
Book away. I am maudit, plenty maudit.
Then I find mon enfant, my little flower.
She make me different again!”

  He stopped, looked wildly around him.
“Is insult to Patrie, to lak country, to
Canuk, that devil! He t’row down La
Fleur and mak promise to her. Satane
mak promise, too! With my hand, slow,
plenty slow, I kill him one soon day!”

  Mili jerked her hand sharply. “Pere!
Be quiet!”

  A gentleness was in her voice which
seemed to wilt the heat from Satane’s body.
He sat back, his long and powerful body
slack, his eyes docile. She turned to Tal.

  “Those furs—a part of them—belonged
to Celestine.”

  Tal nodded.

  “But you kept them!”

  He nodded again.

  “You talk about fighting McFairn. And
there’s also M’sieu Moline at Fort National.
They have furs, too.”

  “We’ll take fur wherever we find it,
CAPTAIN TOMAHAWK	109

Miss,” Tal said quietly. “Just as we’ll take
trouble wherever it comes. We’ll store the
fur until it’s all done.”

  “And when it is done, M’sieu war-maker,
what then?”

  Tal grinned. “Why, then we’ll divide it,
like—”

  “Like all good thieves, eh?” Mil cut in.
Her face lightened, a lopsided grin pulling
engagingly at her bruised features. “We’ll
divide it with the poor! Some to Anglican
Fur Company when it promises to be good.
Some to Ed Moline when he’s blown all
the powder from his guns. Some even to
poor Celestine if he escapes Pere that long!
I like you, leather-man. You have strong,
hard hands and a quick gun. The north-
land needs you. I heard you speak of a
hiding-place. Good! I give you one.
Pere, in the morning we go to Le Havre!”

IV

MILI’S haven on the Poposia fork of
the Bighorn was ideal, a hidden bowl
formed by an accident of geology and ero-
sion. The Poposia had its beginning some-
where in the heart of the towering Wind
River range. Working down from the
divide, the little river had found its way
blocked by the sharp, unbroken rise of the
last ridge between itself and the great
basin. Searching with the persistence of
water, it had found a crevass and had cut
an underground channel through the ridge.
On the basin side it jetted out of solid
rock like a huge spring. What Mili and
Pere Santane had discovered was that in
some previous age, the Poposia had cut
another such underground channel under
the ridge, then had abandoned it for the
one it now used. There was, then, a few
rods from where the river burst from the
rock cliff, a brush-covered hole which was
the mouth of a water-worn tunnel leading
under the front peaks to the little bowl of
Le Havre—The Haven.

  A cabin was built there. Ample water
and grass were at hand. The steeply-
sloping sides of the little bowl and the
towering mountains about it made entry
impossible, except by way of the tunnel.
A trail was worked up one wall to a pin-
nacle on the front ridge, from which the
whole of the Bighorn Basin spread out
into the haze of distance. It was a place of

security, to which battle-scarred men could
retreat for rest and relaxation. Tal was
pleased. But a curiosity tagged him. He
dragged Carcajou Shane to one side.

  “This girl,” he said, “where’d she come
from? Mili and an old renegade like
Satane. It’s a funny set-up!”

  “You don’t know?” Shane shrugged in
surprise. “Mili was picked up by Four
Men’s band of Blackfeet when she was so
young that all she can remember is her
first name. Maybe fifteen-sixteen year ago.
Nobody but old Four Men knows where
he got her. He kept her with his own
daughter for years. Satane was on one of
his loony spells and seen her in the Black-
foot camp. Tried to buy her out. Old
Four Men like to busted a biood-pipe, he
got so upset over anyone tryin’ to get her
away from him. Had Satane snatched up
by the slack of his breeches and tossed
out’n the camp.

  “Satane got the notion she was some
kin of his and sneaked her out’n Four
Men’s lodge. Lord knows how. Been
sort of a game of hide’n seek, ever since.
Part of the time since then Satane’s been
sane enough to know she’s jest a strange
white gal. Part of the time he thinks she’s
got his own blood. But loony or not, that
Canuk has shore took care of the kid.
Taught her everything he knew, then he
put her in a mission, over on the Belle
Fourche. Four Men found out where she
was and hit the place with a hundred braves.
But Satane was an hour ahead of him
and got her out. They found this place,
then, and holed up here, trapping in the
valleys behind Le Havre and just pokin’
their heads out for supplies at rendezvous.”

  This information eased Tal’s curiosity.

  “We could do with more men, Carcajou,”
he said. The old trapper looked up quickly,
his eyes twinkling knowingly at the change
of subject.

  “We could,” he agreed, solemnly. “Me
and Abel Stone was talkin’. They’s a few
boys across South Pass on the upper Green
that didn’t come in this spring. Like as
not, they been cut down by company wolves
from Forth Benedict or Fort National.
But we figgered it might be worth while,
takin’ a look-see for ’em. Even with them,
though, boy, we ain’t got a army and them
two company posts have got plenty guns.
I’d shore like to hear you’d drawed Moline’s
110	FRONTIER STORIES

teeth when you get back from Fort Na-
tional.”

  “I’ll try,” Tal grinned.

FORT National, headquarters post of the
Yankee Fur Company, sat on a low
headland at the junction of the Yellowstone
and the Powder River, four hundred miles
north and east of Le Havre. Hastings, in a
light canoe, rode into its landing after noon
of the fifth day. He had kept to his pad-
dling steadily, but he hadn’t tried to make
a record run. And he’d had time to do a
lot of thinking. Coming up from Leaven-
worth, he had hoped that he could parley,
not only with the factor at Fort National,
but also with Red John McFairn. The at-
tack on the free-trade rendezvous had ruled
that out. It was pretty plain that McFairn
was partly responsible, at least, for the
blood tinting the white-water rivers.

  Ab Moline was a different matter. Car-
cajou had pointed out that the man, usually
mild, had changed in the past season. It
was possible that a palaver would be a
wasted effort with him, too. The rich fur
sign on every hand on his trip up the Yel-
lowstone convinced Tal that this north
country was a stake worth fighting for.
And if Moline chose to fight, the brother-
hood at Le Havre would have two dan-
gerous enemies.

  For a while Hastings planned to talk
plain to Moline. Yankee was, after all,
an American company. Its factor might
be impressed by Tal’s true identity. If he
was, things would go simply at the post.
But if he wasn’t, his knowledge of the facts
behind Tal’s coming into the country would
peril the whole plan by which Hastings
hoped to secure a peace between the war-
ring fur factions. In the last moment,
Hastings dccidcd to carry on the same pose
by which he had won a place among the
free-traders.

  He stepped ashore into a stockade which
looked more like a regimental Army bar-
racks than a trader’s establishment. Every
man was heavily armed, even down to the
Shoshone attendants. A truculent, hostile
tension was in the air. Two gun-braced
trappers closed in on him as he started
across the compound. One of them touched
his arm, halting him.

  “I suppose you and yore partner was
bound in with a load of fur. You got

jumped, lost yore furs, and yore pard was
kilt. So you come in to square up!”

  Tal eyed the two men. “I might,” he
agreed.

  The trapper who had spoken laughed,
short and ugly. “A damn free-trader,
then!” He exulted. “We got a welcome
for you woods-runners. Shuts a howl up
quicker’n anything you ever see. It goes
like this—!”

  He and his fellow moved forward with
anticipation. Tal had seen a like game
played often enough on the Arkansas.
Two men with a third between them could
deal that third man a terrific amount of
punishment in but moments, and at the
same time, not harm him seriously. It was
as good a way as any other of taking the
fight out of a man quickly. As these two
closed, Tal ducked down, straightening both
arms out at once as he leaped upward again.
He caught one full in the face, smashing
him fiat and kicking. The other man had
turned away from that streaking blow,
taking it on his shoulder. He roared, now,
pawing at an enormous muzzle-loader in
his belt.

  Tal jerked his own. gun free, saw the
man was slow, and deliberately stepped in.
With a seemingly gentle wipe of the
weapon, he laid its solid barrel against the
man’s head just under the edge of his fur
cap. The blow made a sharp little sound
like a tapped melon. The man dropped
limply. Tal turned on his heel, angling
toward a door marked with a little office
sign. The compound was spotted with
rooted men who had watched eagerly for
the climax of the little game their two fel-
lows played. Now they stood surly and
dark-faced, suddenly very careful under
Hasting’s swinging gaze.

  Pushing the door ahead of him open, Tal
stepped into Ab Moline’s office. Two men
were there. One was a tall, booted young-
ster in the uniform of the United States
Cavalry. The other was a slight man with
a high, intelligent forehead and the quick
restless movements of the neurotic. The
first impression was good, that here was a
man you could sit down and talk to, who’d
hear you out. Then the impression died
and there was only a pair of queer, terribly
intense eyes, staring out above great, dark
circles on strain-marked cheeks. Tal
stopped in front of Moline’s desk.
CAPTAIN TOMAHAWK	111

  “Thanks for the welcome, mon factor!”
he said drily.

  The factor’s stare held unbrokenly and
he made no answer. The cavalry man in
the corner stepped eagerly forward.

  “I’m Bill Starrett, Ninth Cavalry, at-
tached at Fort Laramie. I did a hitch at
Council Bluffs a few seasons ago. I ought
to know you, mister. I’m sure I’ve seen
you!”

  Tal sensed the army man was lonely and
uncomfortable, that he was eager for some-
one to talk to. But the risk was too great.
He shook his head slowly.

  “No, soldier,” he said. “No, you’ve
never seen me!” He didn’t make it loud,
but the quiet words struck like rams. Star-
rett looked at him keenly for a moment
and then backed up, shaking his head. For
the first time, Moline spoke.

  “There isn’t any welcome for strangers
at Fort National, brother. But you got
past the boys, so say your piece and get
out!” His voice had a rough and peculiarly
uneven gait to it. Tal realized the man
was deadly serious. He spoke as abruptly,
himself.

  “Out on the Poposia is a party of honest
trappers that’ve turned pirate till they get
back what was taken from them. They’re
going to a gunsmoke palaver with John
McFairn. If you don’t want them here,
call your gundogs off the fur trails and
open your post' goods to free-trade like a
white man!”

  Moline seemed only barely able to under-
stand the words. He continued to stare.
His lips moved again.

  “Free-traders!” he muttered. “Damned
free-traders! And you’re one of them!”

  Tal nodded. A fanatical grin pulled
Moline’s lips upward.

  “See that soldier?” he asked, stabbing
toward the corner with a long, trembling
finger. “He brought dispatches up to me
from Lieutenant Cowan at Fort Laramie.
Tomorrow he goes back with a letter from
me telling Cowan to come north with his
troop. How long could your pirates on
the Poposia last against the United States
Army? And the first command Cowan
will give when he gets here is to your firing-
squad. I’ll hold you for him! That’s my
answer, that’s my answer to your trouble-
making, big-mouthed, belly-aching woods-
runners!”

  Tal tilted back on his heels. Cowan,
Lieutenant Jackie Cowan! Poor devil!
He wondered what Cowan would do in the
open field against the generalship of such
men as Carcajou Shane and Satane. The
thought brought a smile to his lips. The
smile stayed. Moline made big talk about
keeping him here. But if he’d been able
to walk unharmed into this office, he’d
walk out of the post the same way. He
switched his head toward the soldier in the
corner, meaning to say something, but
Starrett’s eye were wide in sudden, sound-
less alarm.

   Desperately Tal flung to one side, drag-
ging at his belt-gun. But he was too late
A rifle-barrel, swung carefully from be-
hind, skewed his hat off and something like
a whole magazine of powder exploded in-
side of his head. He tried to keep his feet
under him, to continue the lift of his gun.
But his strength drained swiftly, the room
darkened, and he pitched forward.

V

HASTINGS roused to the shaking of
an insistent hand. He was flat on his
back on a rough cot in a small, dark room.
The only light came through a grated open-
ing in the door. He sat up, and as he did so,
his hand brushed the shoulder of the figure
bending above him. His fingers went
through a soft, hanging mass of heavy
hair. It was a woman.

  “Quiet!” the figure whispered. “Cor-
poral Starrett is with me. Keep low and
follow us!”

   Tal came off the cot like a cat, shook his
head to clear it, and moved forward after
two figures who slid out the door ahead of
him. Outside, they swiftly skirted the in-
side wall of the compound, keeping to deep
shadow and not halting until they had come
up against a small, heavily barred door at
the lower end of the enclosure. They
paused here a moment, Tal coming up with
them. Starrett fumbled with the great
bars, sliding them noiselessly back. Light
was a little better and Tal could dimly see
the woman.

  She was young, apparently about the
same age as Mili. She had the same high,
sensitive features as Ab Moline, but her
lips were more full. The hair which Tal
had inadvertantly touched was a warm, rich
112

FRONTIER STORIES

gold which she wore with a proud, uncon-
scious tilt of her head. She kept close to
the cavalryman’s elbow and Tal caught the
brightness in Starrett’s eyes as he turned
back to her. Then the gate was open and
they were through. The girl caught Tal’s
arm outside the stockade.

  “You were a fool to come in here like
you did today!” she hissed. “But you
couldn’t know that Fort National is a
powder-keg ruled by a man out of his head.
That’s why I got Bill to help me get you
out. Don’t expect anything more from
me, though. I’m Anne Moline, and I’ll
stick with dad, whatever he does, whatever
happens!”

   Bill Starrett bent over her, his voice
rough with urgency. “Your dad’s a wild
man, Anne,” he said. “He doesn’t even
know you, half the time. I was here two
days before he could make enough sense
out of my dispatches to figure out who I
was. He’s got every cutthroat in the north
in here, now. It isn’t safe for you. I’m
leaving for Laramie in the morning. Come
with me!”

  The girl shook her head. "No, Bill!
Something’s come over dad. Something’s
squeezing down on him. I’ve seen him
break like this before. I’ve got to find out
what’s troubling him and end it. He’ll be
all right, then. It’s just that his nerves
get too tight for his body when he’s under
pressure!”

   Starrett shook his head soberly.

   Tal touched Starrett’s sleeve. “I think
you know who I am,’’ he told the soldier.
Starrett nodded gravely. “Keep it to your-
self. I don’t know what Moline wrote in
the message he’s sending to the com-
mandant at Laramie. But you go in to
Lieutenant Cowan and tell him you saw me.
Then you tell him to keep his troop away
from up here. Tell him that if he doesn’t,
he’ll lose every man. Tell him for me!”
Starrett touched his cap.

  Tal turned to Anne Moline.

   The girl pointed to the river. “Some of
the men raided your canoe and looted out
your equipment. I had Bill get up another
one from our stores. It’s loaded and ready
to go. Shove off, trapper, and stay long
gone from the Powder River!”

  Moments later Hastings was on the
water, dipping his paddle strongly against
the lazy current of the Yellowstone.

  SIX nights later, bitterly weary from
endless hours dipping his canoe up-
stream, he came to the confluence of the
Poposia and the Bighorn and beached his
canoe in deep brush. For two days he had
been on edge. Normally ranging the higher
country at this season, the Black feet were
in the basin. Their sign was plentiful and
twice the last day he had been forced to
haul out into hiding while small parties
had passed him on the river. Still twenty
miles from Le Havre and too weary to
drive on, he would have liked a fire and a
hot meal. But he made it a dry camp,
rolling into a blanket in the brush beside
his canoe. An hour later, he fought out
of a drug-like sleep to hear a strange sound
rolling down the river. A chanson with a
solitary singer:

        “Runners of the woods—

         Hunters of the fur—

         Men of the river!

        Some are dead young—

        Some are dead old—

          We live forever! . . ."

  The voice came closer, the singer ap-
parently skirting the near bank with his
canoe. Tal tumbled from his blankets with
a curse. Carcajou! Coming down-river
into all this Indian sign and with that
stentorian voice blaring out ahead of him.
Tal was in the water to his thighs when
Shane came abreast in the darkness.
Afraid to raise a shout loud enough to
break through the old trapper’s chant, Tal
smacked the palm of his hand down flat
onto the water with a smart chop. The
sound was like that of a beaver’s tail, warn-
ing a colony of coming danger. Carcajou’s
voice choked off in mid-syllable. His great
shoulders leaned against his paddle, spin-
ning the canoe in toward the brush like
a live thing. Tal caught the prow of the
craft and towed it on in. As it hit the
bank, Shane piled over its side, squinting.

  “Hastings!” he grunted. “What the
devil. . . .?”

  Tal was trotting swiftly back to his own
 canoe. As he buckled his belt on with its
 pouch, horn, knife and gun, he snapped
 one soft word over his shoulder.

  “Blackfeet!”

  Then he jerked up his rifle and began
cutting through the timber for 'higher
CAPTAIN TOMAHAWK	113

ground. Shane lumbered along behind, si-
lently. That one clipped word had answered
everything he needed to know. The two
of them travelled swiftly. But the Black-
feet were ahead of them. Tal had heard
that this one tribe of Indians could see in
the dark like a cat. He believed it. In the
first twenty rods they flung themselves
silently prone twice just in time to avoid
a streaking brave, cutting for the river.

  The third time they were not so lucky.
No single warrior, but a wide-flung, hawk-
eyed net swept toward them. Watching
the charging shadows, Tal measured his
chances. Then he stood up, holding his
rifle high above his head with both hands.
Grunting satisfaction, the Indians sur-
rounded them, took their guns, and prodded
them forward. They moved for half an
hour through heavy timber, coming out at
last into a grassy little park surrounding
a spring-head. Several small cooking-fires
were burning, but there were no lodges, in-
dicating that this was one of the several
hunting-parties whose tracks had troubled
Tal the past two days.

  The two prisoners were marched across
to the central fire where a tall, incredibly
wrinkled old man stood waiting. He stared
at the two white men for a long time in
haughty silence. Finally he spoke.

  “This is the land of the Blackfeet. For
many years there have been white men
among us. And there has been room. Now
the white men make war among themselves.
There is no longer room. Four Men now
has need of the white girl who was his
daughter. Where is she ?”

  Tal’s knowledge of the formal Blackfoot
tongue was unequal to the old man’s
sonorous speech. Carcajou translated for
him, ending up with his own explanation.

  “That’s Four Men, hisself, son. And
I judge he’s lookin’ for Mili. I don’t get
the connection between white men and war
and room in the country and her. But
we don’t know nothin’. Don’t fergit!”

  Tal nodded. “You take the play from
here on out. I’ll back you up.”

  Carcajou spoke to the old chief at length,
waving his hands in wide gestures and with
considerable haughtiness of his own. Tal
saw that the Indian was impressed. He
stood a long time in obvious thought, then
he shrugged, spoke swiftly, and turned dis-

8—Frontier Stories—Fall

interestedly back to the fire. A pair of
warriors seized the two prisoners, bound
them securely, and rolled them against an
out-thrust rock where they were visible to
every eye in the camp. When the two In-
dians had moved away, Carcajou swore
heartily.

  “Blast his pemmicanned red hide!” he
snorted. “I really put her on for him.
Made a mighty important and interestin’
gent out of you. Claimed you was a big
stick in the Army, which Four Men has
got a healthy respect for. I claimed we
was fresh from Fort Laramie—that we
hadn’t seen a woman in six months. I
threw in everything I could think of. Then,
just when I think I’ve got him stopped,
he shrugged. The old devil’s smart. Says
I am a passable liar, but that Mili was stolen
by a white man. We are white men. So,
by hell, we know where Mili is!”

  Tal grinned wryly. “He’ll find out dif-
ferent !”

  “Shore!” Carcajou agreed grimly. “But
we’ll be a mite uncomfortable while he’s
doin’ so. It appears they been makin’
plenty tracks in their hunt for Mili and all
his boys is tired. But they got a elk to-
night. They’re goin’ to feed big. And
in the mornin’ they’ll get around to pryin’
for what they want to know with hot sticks.
Only seen one man that could walk after
a pryin’ like that. And he was blind as a
bat!”

  Carcajou fell morosely silent. Tal
watched the camp before him prepare for
their feast. His own belly was empty and
it made him uncomfortable to watch the
big steaks beginning to sizzle over the
flames. He turned his head toward to
comment that this was, itself, no mild form
of torture. But the old trapper, bound
as he was and stacked awkwardly against
the rock, had coolly dropped off into a heavy
sleep. Tal grinned. No breed of man that
ever walked was the equal of these grizzled
runners of the woods. Directly he found
himself getting drowsy and he followed
Carcajou off.

  Hours later, he was jerked upright
against his bonds by a queer, foreign sound
on the thin night air. Shane was already
awake, breathing heavily. Among the em-
bers of the fires, Four Men’s warriors were
bunched in startled huddles. The sound
came again, down the slope toward the
114

FRONTIER STORIES

river. A rollicking, challenging, metallic
sound which could not be mistaken.

  “A bugle!” Tal gasped. “A bugle blow-
ing Charge! Hell, it can’t be!”

  But it was. Four Men barked quick or-
ders. His men slid hastily into the night.
Moments later, three men broke into the
clearing at a full run. Back in the timber
guns barked, sniping at the swift shadows
of the retreating Blackfeet. The first of
the three to reach the two bound men was
Abel Stone. Slung across his shoulder by
a blackened thong was the battered loops
of an ancient Army Issue bugle. Stone
caught Tal’s amazed stare at the instrument
as he bent over his bonds. He chuckled.

  “Old Brassy’s the best damn Injun-
fighter I ever seen. Never without her on
the trail. Like today. Carcajou pulled
out’n the Green River country ahead of
me. I was bringing back the bunch of boys
we rounded up over there. When I got to
Le Havre and he wasn’t there yet, I was
worried some. Thought I’d been smellin’
Blackfeet last two or three days. So we
cut down-river till we found your canoes!”
Carcajou pulled himself to his feet, chaf-
fing 'his wrists.

  “Abel,” he said sourly, “there’s times
you’re a handy gent. But you shore tor-
ture music on that horn!”

  Stone grinned. “It did for Four Men.
But it won’t hold him long. Likely he’s
got other parties about. We’d better skin
for the river and make Le Havre afore
he gets us all!”

VI

TAL and Carcajou, together with Abel
Stone’s party, came up through the
little bowl, taking their ease after break-
fast. Tal’s eyes swept over the company
eagerly, taking little note of the fact that
the brotherhood was growing. One face
was missing from the company. He cor-
nered Pere Satane.

  “Where’s Mili?”

  Satane gestured up the little trail which
lead to the lookout at the summit of the
front ridge. Tal turned in that direction,
but Pere caught his arm.

  “Non, mon ami,” he said. “Always
she go alone. Not even me does she take
when she goes to look. Presently she will
be back. But she say that one on watch

cannot use the eye if the lips are busy in
talk with another. Be patient, M’sieu.
La Fleur has been a long time in Le Havre.
She will not vanish.”

  Tal pulled up, suddenly aware of his
obvious eagerness to see the girl. Satane
cackled gleefully, as if he had made a great
joke, and ambled off, his long frame cast-
ing an angular shadow on the ground.
Carcajou came across from one of the fires,
carrying two brimming mugs of whiskey.
Tal was grateful. He needed a shakedown.
Carcajou squatted and began to trace aim-
less figures in a patch of gravel.

  “Four Men’s got me worried,” he said.
When Blackfeet gits restless, the lid’s b’ilin’
off’n hell for sartain! Them devil’s have
got no soul. Four Men’d soon j’ine one
enemy to wipe out another as not. If him
and Red McFairn was to get together, we’d
have a plenty tough steak to chew, boy!”
“He likely did work down this way look-
ing for Mili,” Tal agreed, “and he’s likely
got some oily scheme in his pouch that he
needs her for or he wouldn’t be looking so
hard. But something else dragged him
down here, too. I’d like to know, the
worst way!”

  Carcajou gnawed at his tobacco plug
and stared sourly at the ground. Suddenly
he looked up.

  “How’d you do at Fort National?”

  Tal shrugged. “Wonderful!” he said
disgustedly. “Fine! Got a knot on my
head and 'had my breeches pulled out of a
tight lock-up by straight luck!”

  Swiftly he ran in the details of his talk
with Ed Moline and his escape. Carcajou
whistled.

  “Things is blackenin’ up just about as
fast for us as that rain on the mountains,
back there. I’d say there was a fair chance
that Anglican and Yankee mought git to-
gether. Then if Four Men found we had
Mili here or decided he wanted some moun-
tain-man hair, we’d be caught in as nasty
a middle as I ever want to see! Only one
good thing in the shebang. That young
corporal skiddin’ down to Laramie gives us
an edge. You see what Abel’s bugle done
last night. Think what the brass-button
boys could do, themselves!”

  Tal shook his head. “That’s the one
thing we don’t want, Carcajou!” he said
sombrely. “We’ve got to keep that little
army detachment from Fort Laramie out
CAPTAIN TOMAHAWK	115

of the basin. We’ve got to! Those soldiers
are the fightingest there are. But they’ve
been trained to plains work. The timber
and rivers up here’d cross them completely.
They’re only one company. Four Men
could gobble them up alone in a quarter
hour if he caught them out in the basin.
And once his Black feet had defeated an
army command, they’d lose their fear of
the brass buttons and the carbines. There
wouldn’t be anything to hold them in check.
They’d clean every white out of the north.
They’d sweep the country clear to the
Platte!”

  Carcajou’s eyes widened in sudden un-
derstanding. He started to say something,
but he was cut off by a quick, eager voice,
calling from above.

  “Tal! Tal Hastings!”

  Rocking back on his heels, Tal looked up.
Half way down the trail from the lookout,
Mili was beckoning to him eagerly. He
leaped up, running for the foot of the trail.
In moments he was panting beside her.
She turned and went on toward the top,
still motioning him to follow. She ran
up the winding track with an effortless
ease which defeated him. When he reached
the summit, he was blowing hard. She
laughed.	^

  “A mountain-man ? Pouf! More like
a swamp-bear!” The imps in her eyes
danced for a moment, then they grew more
serious.

  “You want for the fur. You want for
the fight. You want for the pirating, eh?
Look!”

  She pointed out over the basin. On a
wide bend of -the Bighorn under a low pass
leading across to the Sweetwater valley
to the south, a mass of batteaux and
pirogues were beaching. Closer at hand
six Indian canoes were drifting sluggishly
with the current. It was a picture that
didn’t fit together. Hastings turned stupidly
to the girl.

  “You tell M’sieu Moline at Fort Na-
tional he is make peace with us or he lose
his fur, no?”

  Tal nodded.

  “Certainment!” she went on breathlessly.
“Then I tell you how this is. The north
country is Mili’s country. She know it.
When you leave Fort National, word is
go to the Red McFairn at Fort Benedict
that he will lose his furs, also. Rouge

McFairn is a smart Oiie. He thinks the
furs will be taken when he makes his ship-
ment down the Musselshell and the Mis-
souri. So, he thinks to fool you. He
makes a short peace with Four Men. The
Blackfeet come in to trouble you. And
while this is so, McFairn brings his furs
up the Bighorn, under your nose, portage
across to the Sweetwater, and takes them
down the Platte!”

  Tal squinted out over the vast area be-
low, trying to identify the boats on the
bend and the canoes on the river. Mili’s
guess was fantastic. Bu-t it had a ring of
logic which fitted in with what he knew of
John McFairn.

  “Wish I had a glass!” he said absently.

  The girl drew herself up, her eyes snap-
ning. “A glass when Mili’s eyes are here
to look for you! Look, at the bend, now.
Six batteaux, four pirogues. Maybe twenty
bales of the fur. Then twenty Shoshones
to carry them across the portage. Also
maybe forty trappers with guns. And now,
closer, on the river. Six canoes. In the
woods back of them where the green is,
more of them. Fifty Blackfeet, waiting
for you to come racing down the river to
the fur-boats. Is a nice trap. No?”

  Tal straightened. His eyes reached out
to the low pass between the basin and the
Sweetwater, through which the portage
would have to file.

  He voiced his thoughts.

  “We could hit them out there. Might
get away with it, too, if another party
worked down the river to keep Four Men’s
braves busy!”

  Mili laughed excitedly. She started to
sing:

        “Runners of the woods—-
        Hunters of the fur—•..

  She stopped abruptly, her eyes on the
storm-clouds Carcajou had earlier seen
forming against the main range of the Big
Windies.

  “Rain!” she said. “A hard one. The
last time I saw clouds like that, so much
water came into Le Havre that the river
went out of its new channel into its old
one for half a day and our tunnel was
blocked!”

  Tal eyed the clouds and saw something
else in them. “It’ll be wet travelling, but
116	FRONTIER

that storm’s made for us. We can come
in right on top of them without being seen
if water’s dropping hard enough!”

  Mili shrugged and turned down the trail
into Le Havre.

TAL split command of the attack be-
tween Carcajou Shane and himself.
They worked it out in fine detail. Car-
cajou took thirty of the fastest trackers
in the company assembled at Le Havre and
started out as the rain began in a wide
loop toward the saddle of the pass. A few
minutes later, with Satane to guide, Tal
loaded the remainder of the crew in four
canoes and started down the river.

  In the midst of flashing lightning and
the ear-splitting roll of thunder, they en-
gaged the fringe of Four Men’s ambush
and broke the thing out into the open.
They ran some risk, lessened by the driv-
ing rain, in working from canoes. But
the whole idea was to convince Four Men
that this was a raiding party sent out to
try for McFairn’s furs. For two hours
they kept a running, shifting attack going
on the river. At the end of that time, they
began to draw back as though slowly re-
treating under Four Men’s pressure.

  In point of fact the violent storm so
cowed the superstitious Blackfeet that they
put up little show. In late afternoon, Tal
bundled his men and made a quick run at
Four Men’s advanced party. They gave
hurriedly. Turning his own crew on their
heels, then, Tal raced them up the river,
hid their canoes, and got them into the
secret tunnel into Le Harve before the
Indians could close up and find the en-
trance.

  By this time the rain had risen to a
sullen roar, cascading down savagely from
a leaden sky. Hastings was a little uneasy
about Carcajou’s party when he saw that
a little trickle of water was already begin-
ning to run through the entrance tunnel.
But when they came out of the bore into
the open of Le Harve, he found the other
section of the attack was back ahead of
him. The whole bowl, despite the pelting
rain, was echoing with high humor. The
floor of the cabin was littered with fresh
bales of fur. And under guard of a dozen
eager guns, John McFairn, himself, stood
prisoner!

  Carcajou came up, clapped a heavy hand

STORIES

to Tal’s shoulder. He jerked a derisive
thumb at the huge, red-bearded factor.

  “This curly wolf’s been howlin’ for our
chief!” he exulted. “Sail into him, boy!
Haul his teeth. Make him spit sideways
and walk like a duck!”	'

  “So you’re the lad that planned this
coup!” McFairn growled. “You’re a good
planner, Hastings. But you don’t look
far enough ahead. You got some fur off
of me. You’ve got me, for the time. But
you can’t hold me! Old Jean Blanchard,
who owns my company, put me at Fort
Benedict because I couldn’t be beaten. And
I can’t! You’ll see. There’s different days
coming in the north. Days when John
McFairn’s top dog and nothing between
me and Leavenworth that don’t play my
music!”

  “Talk!” Hastings said in flat scorn. The
factor’s face swelled with rage.

  “Talk!” he choked. “Why, damn you,
I’ll ’have you flayed in my compound by
fall! In two weeks Old Blanchard is due
in at my post on his yearly inspection of
Anglican forts. I’ll take him out to see
what a couple drunk Shoshones can do to
you afore I tell him Benedict belongs to
me, not to his skinflint company any more!”

  Tal shrugged, turning away. But Mc-
Faim’s boasts had a ring of assurance be-
hind them which made him uneasy. A
moment later Mili touched his arm and
pointed at the foot of the bowl. Waters
were churning there, overflowing from the
river passage to go rolling into the en-
trance tunnel. With the girl at his side,
he moved back to the prisoner, motioning
for Satane to cut the tight bonds which
held him.

  Then he faced McFairn.

  “The tunnel’s full of water,” he said.
“You can’t get away. Maybe you’ll want
to walk around. You’re going to be pris-
oner in this valley till we’ve got a peace
in the north, and you’re going to be a
prisoner on a long ride down the big river
to the Territories. You better use your
legs while you can !”

  McFairn made no answer. When he
was freed he walked aimlessly toward the
whirlpool churning angry, muddy foam in
the craggy rocks around the mouth of the
rushing, flooded tunnel. The eyes of the
camp followed him. He stood for a long
moment, staring into the water. Tal saw
CAPTAIN TOMAHAWK

117

his shoulders raise and fall as if in resig-
nation. Then, without warning and with
a wild, derisive cry, he plunged into that
deadly welter of raging water!

VII

FOR a moment Hastings stood in dazed
astonishment. Then he broke into a
dead run toward the water. Carcajou ran
after him, caught his arm.

  “No never-mind, son!” he said swiftly.
“Red John must have figgered we’d treat
him like a Blackfoot. Anyhow, we won’t
have to be feedin’ him and postin’ guard.
If he wanted to go that bad, let him. Ain’t
ary man could live through the beatin’ he’ll
get in that channel!”

  Carcajou’s certainty eased some of the
self-blame from Tal’s shoulders. It was
of prime importance that John McFairn
•be taken out of circulation through the
north country. It was, in fact, of minor
importance whether he was a prisoner or
dead. Tal had beeen unwilling to see the
man in discomfort in the driving rain and
had offered him what freedom there was
while the channel was blocked. Now—if
the Rouge did make it to the outside—all
hell would break loose. And the secret
of Le Havre would be known to the ene-
mies of the brotherhood. He swung to-
ward the motionless press of men at his
back and singled Satane out.

  “Get five men that can read trail-sign.
You and Carcajou and me will take them
out soon’s the water drops. We’ll find
McFairn and bury him deep!”

  Satane stared at the whirlpool. Slowly
he shook his head.

  “Mebbeso we don’ find a dead man,
M’sieu,” he said softly. “The Rouge is
wan brave feller! He is plenty strong and
big like the ox. Mebbeso we find only
tracks, tracks going nort’!”

  Tal laughed shortly, ready to dismiss
Pere’s forebodings as part of the old man’s
dour nature. But Mili pulled at him.

  “Listen to Pere, mon ami!” she urged.
“Listen close. I know of a man who went
out with the water through that tunnel
one time. And he was unhurt!” The girl
paused. “Pere knows. I was caught on
those rocks in the last flood. He tried to
reach me and was caught in the current.
Hours later, when the water was gone, he

came back in through the tunnel, his clothes
torn from him and looking like a dead
man. But he was untouched!”

  It was fantastic. Tal shook his head in
bewilderment. If McFairn had lived
through the maelstrom. . . !

  “Abel!” he barked. “Abel Stone! Satane
and Carcajou and myself are taking five
men with us to pick up the Rouge’s carcass
or track him down. But he might be alive
and give us the slip. We can’t take any
chances. After the warning I gave him,
Ed Moline’ll be shipping his furs out of
Fort National as quickly as he can. There’s
a lot of stolen free-trade pelts in those
bales, too. We’ve got to have them. You
take every other available man and head
for Fort National. Keep well south till
you’re past the center of the basin so you
won’t meet up with Four Men. Then drive
right on to the post and hit hard. Get the
furs and get back here!”

  A wide grin creased Stone’s face, a
pleasure at being chosen leader of an at-
tacking force. Carcajou took off his sag-
ging cap and wrung the water from it with
a disgusted look at the sky.

  “Getting lighter,” he said glumly. “But
we’ll have to wait till night afore that
channel’s open. And look, boy. Don’t
worry about Abel meeting up with Four
Men. McFairn shot off his mouth a mite
to me trackin’ back in from the pass after
we’d took him. Appears he promised Four
Men sixty rifles out’n his stock at Fort
Benedict if’n the Blackfeet would throw
a line between here and his fur shipment
to keep us off him till he made the pass
and was floatin’ on the Sweetwater. He
was plenty upset we’d took him prisoner.
Said nobody at his post knew about his
deal with the Indians and that if Four
Men didn’t get his guns, the Blackfeet’d
wipe Benedict out. I got a hunch Four
Men’s already started north to do that.
You know how a Indian is when he thinks
he’s been cheated!”

  Tal hoped Shane was right. It would
help matters considerably to have the woods
cleared of the red devils if they were forced
to look very far for McFaim’s body ot
sign of the man. But time was passing,
and if the Anglican factor had lived through
the water, he was already on his way north.
Impatiently Tal watched the thinning clouds
above Le Havre.
118	FRONTIER

LESS than an hour out of Le Havre,
Satane and Carcajou uncovered sign
on the bank of the Poposia that Red John
McFairn had escaped death in the water-
filled tunnel. He was apparently without
moccasins, likely half-naked after the pum-
meling of the water. Minutes later, where
Four Men had set his ambush the day
before, they found a dead Indian, likely
killed in the brush with Tal’s feinting-party
on the river. The Indian had been stripped
of all his gear, his moccasins, and his leg-
gings. Therefore, the sign McFairn left
behind him was of an uncommonly large
and heavy Blackfoot, traveling swiftly into
the north.

  Without equipment, certainly stiff and
battered after his experience, it was a
source of astonishment to Tal that the big
factor managed to stay always ahead of
his own racing party. But the sign was
always cold and McFairn was always ahead.
The chase lasted for six endless days
in which the broad northland reeled past
like an endless green carpet, stitched with
swift rivers and wrinkled by the hills.
They reached Benedict in the middle of
the sixth night, eight weary men who had
trailed a grim red ghost five hundred des-
perate miles.

  It was obvious the factor had returned
and that he expected pursuit. The great
main gate of the imposing fort was closed
and sentries were at firing-posts at each cor-
ner. It was also fairly certain that having
reached his own base in safety and in pos-
session of information about the force and
location of the brotherhood, McFairn
would set immediately about making plans
to wipe them out. Having come this far,
Tal wanted to know what these plans were.
He had a sapling cut, back in the timber
from the post, and notched along its length
to serve as a crude scaling-ladder.

  Sending Satane and the other five around
to the front face of Benedict to make a
false attack against the face, Carcajou and
himself crept as close as they dared to
the rear stockade and waited. After an
interval, Satane’s men set up a heavy,
noisy firing from scattered points in front
of the gate, as though a large force was
drawn up there. Almost immediately, the
sentries at the rear watch-boxes dropped
to the inside, running toward the fighting.
This was the chance. Throwing their

STORIES

sapling against the rear wall, Tal and Car-
cajou worked swiftly up its springy length,
topped the wall, and kicked the sapling
down behind them.

  Inside the post, they split, keeping to
shadow, each circling along the inner wall
in opposite directions. Avoiding the post
force whose attention was still held by
the firing along the front, Tal crept from
room to room, watching for McFaim’s
great shock of hair. It was slow work.
He was less than half of the way around
his circuit when the firing outside ceased
suddenly. There was a brief period of
unearthly quiet. Then a terrible yell rang
out and half a hundred guns opened against
the post. Tal froze. There could be no
mistaking that yell. It was the Blackfoot
war-cry. He was seized with sudden con-
cern for the men under Satane, beyond the
stockade. The wily old padre, in spite of
his fits of madness, was a soldier. Likely
enough, he’d spotted the Indians before
they struck and eased his men clear of
them. As this fresh attack gained way,
Tal’s concern spread to include his own
safety and that of Carcajou, also still
prowling within the walls. The attackers
were boldly hitting full at the main gate.
And from his own position across the wide
compound, he could see the stout timbers
giving way. He started a run across the
open, reckless in search of Shane. At this
moment, three things happened.

  The gate gave way with a crash and Four
Men’s warriors poured into the post. In
their vanguard, howling as loud as any
savage, Celestine was leading a little troop
of his renegade Canuks. On a firing-
stage, half-way up the face of the stock-
ade, a great, bull-chested figure with flaming
hair appeared, roaring commands to the
post garrison. And from a door close to
Tal, a woman ran wildly into the open.

  Tal saw he couldn’t cross the compound,
that Carcajou would have to make his own
way. He saw, also, that Fort Benedict
was doomed. And he recognized the run-
ning girl, even as his arms caught her.
Anne Moline! There wasn’t time to think.
There wasn’t time to talk. He barked one
stabbing order at the white face in front
of him.

  “Grab by belt and stick behind me,
quick!”

  “My father!” the girl cried out. Tal
CAPTAIN TOMAHAWK	119

barked the single word once more, so force-
fully the girl wilted and hooked her hands
into his belt at the back.

  “Quick!”

  Turning, he drove through the shadows
at a full run, Anne Moline fighting to
keep her feet at that pace. As he passed
the post’s forge, he snatched up a woods-ax
and raced on to the rear wall. As he ran
along the stockade, his hands brushed the
upright tree-trunks of which it was fash-
ioned. When he came to two which were
smaller than the rest and set together, he
swung his ax. The wood seemed backed
with iron. Great chips flew from his light-
ning strokes, but the hole he was slabbing
out bit slowly. Sweat poured from him
and his breath came in great sobs. In
moments some of the Blackfeet or Celes-
tine’s men would see that winking ax and
death would be swift. He still lacked
inches from being through the wall and
his arms were lead when a quick-strong
hand tore the ax from his grip and sent
it smashing with renewed vigor against
the wood. In seconds the hole was through.
He doubled the girl forward, saw her
through the opening, felt himself thrust
roughly after her. Outside, a huge figure
straightened beside him.

  “I got one of ’em, son, grab the gal’s
other hand. And run, run like hell for
the timber!”

  Tal sucked in a great breath. Carcajou!
They raced forward in reaching strides,
dragging Anne Moline between them.

VIII

HALF an hour later, the scattered band
from Le Havre stood on a little
knoll a quarter of a mile into the timber
from Fort Benedict. Satane had gotten
his men away from the post—four of them.
Pere, himself, had been shot through with
a rifle-ball, but he scorned the seriousness
of it, saying that it would wait until Mili
could tend it at Le Havre. Through a
break in the timber the Anglican post was
in full view, lighted by the flames licking
high over it. A few moments after Satane’s
little company came straggling up where
Tal and Carcajou and Anne Moline already
stood, the girl gave a startled cry.

  “Look!”

  Tal jerked his head around. Fire had

jumped to the roof of the main building

of the doomed fort. At the edge of the
roof, high above a compound packed with
Blackfoot and renegade wolves, a solitary
figure crouched, firing one after another
of a stack of guns at his elbow into the
press below. There could be no mistaking
the bulk of the man, and in the fire-glow,
his hair gleamed like flame itself. Even,
as the little company on the knoll watched,
Red McFairn came to the end of his weap-
ons and stood upright, shaking his fist in
malevolent defiance. A long, feathered
war-lance arched up from the compound
in graceful flight. The Rouge made no
attempt to dodge the weapon.

  Transfixed by the graceful shaft, he
stood yet a moment longer, silhouetted by
the fire. Then he staggered backward
across the roof and plunged through the
rafters at a place where the flames had
eaten through the shingles. A geyser of
sparks shot up from the place where he
fell. Tal Hastings turned slowly away. It
was a fitting end for a fighter—friend or
enemy.

  Tal felt a sudden touch.

  Carcajou tugged at his arm, pulling him
apart from the rest.

  “You should have gone the way I did
in that post,” he said. “I found what you
were looking for, son! McFairn’s office.
Red John and Ab Moline and a young
brass-buttons from Fort Laramie that Red
John called Cowan. In a corner was old
Jean Blanchard, McFairn’s boss. They
had him tied and they were tellin’ him
what all in hell they were going to do in
this country—the three of them together.
They were runnin’ the free-trade out and
takin’ Blanchard’s post away from him.
They were keepin’ more trappers from
cornin’ up the river from the Territories.
Everyone of ’em had a piece of the plan
an’ the only one that seemed unhappy about
it was Ab Moline. I think you’re right in
what you said, that Moline’s half crazy!”

  “Easy!” Tal said, jerking his head to-
ward the girl. “That’s Moline’s daughter!”

  Shane’s eyebrows climbed. “No won-
der she’s carryin’ on! Mebbe I better tell
her I seen him.” Tal shrugged, following
Carcajou back toward the others. But
Carcajou’s information about Ab Moline
was outdated. The wounded Pere Satane
was talking to the girl.
120	FRONTIER

  “Oui, Mam’selle, Pere know M’sieu Mo-
line when he see him. I do not make the
mistake. In five minutes after the Indians
come, he slip out a little side gate with a
soldier. M’sieu Moline, he don’t want to
go. I t’ink he want to look for you. But
the soldier, he make plenty trouble. And
in a little bit they are run quick for the
timber. Then I don’ see them again!”

  Anne Moline spun to Tal. “You hear
that?” she said eagerly. “Dad! He es-
caped. Quick! Let’s get on the trail. We
can overtake him!”

  Tal nodded. Not that he agreed wholly
with the girl. But with Celestine joined
with Four Men, it was a reasonable bet
that the wolves which were destroying Fort
Benedict would strike next at Le Havre,
closer than Moline’s post at Fort National.

It was imperative, then, that Le Havre
be warned and manned immediately. There
would be no time to search for Moline
and Lieutenant Jack Cowan. Anne Moline
would be safe with the brotherhood for
the time being. At least as safe as Mili
was. And it would do Jackie Cowan a
lot of good to fight his way through the
timber of this north country with an insane
man for a partner.

  Hastings was concerned about Satane’s
wound. But Pere laughed at him and Tal
was forced to take what consolation he
could from the fact they had only fifteen
miles of footwork until they came to where
they had left their canoes on a tributary
of the Yellowstone.

THEY reached Le Havre after a week
in which they were dogged by bad
luck. They missed the canoes and had to
cut back for them. Running a bad rapids,
Anne Moline became alarmed and shifted
in her seat, rolling the canoe which Tal
was poising so carefully into the water. A
day later an old beaver-dam which must
have been of huge size let go somewhere
above them. The river ran a dangerous
crest, and behind it came logs and stumps
and debris too menacing for a heavily-
loaded canoe to ride. They were forced
to haul out until the crest was past and
the water clear.

  Behind them pressed the Blackfeet and
Celestine’s renegades. Twice from camps
on high land they could see the fires of the
pursuit behind them. Added to this was

 STORIES

the fact that even Satane had ceased to
laugh over his wound. It had stiffened
him on the second day. As the hours
passed it grew more angry and inflamed.
More and more often Satane spoke of Mili
and Le Havre. And the last two days
he lay for the most part delirious, calling
out the girl’s name with a heart-stabbing
insistence.

  Hastings knew that he should lay up
and tend to the wound, giving it a day
or so of rest. But he couldn’t. Nor was
there point in landing, say himself and
Satane, and letting the others go on. It
would be no help to the wounded man to
save him the rigors of travel, only to let
him fall into the hands of the wolves
behind.

  It was with deep relief that he turned
the canoes into the landing-place close to
the entrance to Le Havre. Mili was wait-
ing for them, apparently having watched
their approach from the lookout. She ran
forward eagerly, but when she saw Anne
Moline step from a canoe clinging to Tal’s
arm, she stopped short, her face clouding.
Tal made an awkward introduction. Ig-
noring Anne, pointedly and haughtily, Mili
sepped close to Tal.

  “You learn quick about the north!” she
said in Shoshone. “Already you take
squaws when you go on the war-path!”

  She turned then, and started away. Tal
ran after her, caught her roughly.

  “When I take a squaw, girl,” he said
sharply, “you’ll know about it! Pere’s
been hurt. He’ll be needing you!”

  Mili’s face went white. She ran swiftly
down to the water’s edge where Carcajou
and one of the others were lifting the
wounded trapper ashore. In a moment she
was back.

  “We’ll have to make a stretcher to carry
him. And I’ll want the cabin clear. There’s
a man in it, now. I took him prisoner
yesterday. He’s been demanding to see
you.”

  She turned away abruptly.

  Seeing that Carcajou and the two girls
could take care of Satane and that the rest
of the crew would bring in the gear, Tal
went on alone through the tunnel. He
found Mili’s prisoner very thoroughly
bound in a corner of the cabin. The man
turned his head as Tal entered. It was
Bill Starrett.
CAPTAIN TOMAHAWK	121

  “Hastings!” Starrett gasped. “Thank
God you’re here! I thought you’d be too
late. And that black-eyed little devil that
dragged me in here wouldn’t give me any
satisfaction. Who is she?”

  “The best legionnaire in Le Havre!” Tal
said gently, loosing Starrett’s hands. “Now,
what the thunder you doing up here? I
figured you’d be in Laramie with the
troop!”

  “I would, if the troop had stayed in
Laramie, Hastings,” the army man said
ruefully. “Reckon I’m plain deserted. But
so damn much happened and I figured you
ought to know. So I broke camp and
worked this way, hoping to the devil I’d
run across you. That gal saw me from
her lookout and leveled a rifle at me down
river a ways.”

  Tal sat down, his brows ridged. “Start
slow and at the beginning and let me have
it.”

  “Sure. I left Fort National the morning
after Anne and me turned you loose there.
When I got to Laramie, I told Lieutenant
Cowan I’d seen you and what you said
about keeping the troop out of the north.
He dismissed me and started to read Ab
Moline’s letter. And hour later, General
Quarters was sounded and he ordered us
into trail-kits and marching gear. He
drove us all the way to Fort National.
When we got there, we found that Moline
and Anne had gone north further to Mc-
Fairn’s post. Cowan like to threw a fit
at that. I heard him telling Daggett, our
quartermaster and second in command,
that he was being double-crossed. He
pulled out the same day alone for Fort
Benedict, ordering Daggett to hold us at
Moline’s post until he got back.

  “That night, all hell hit Fort National.
Bunch of pirates, so the talk went. Any
rate, they broke in a side gate, turned loose
the heaviest firing I ever saw from one
little bunch of men, and cleaned out Mo-
line’s fur-rooms to the last pelt. The
troop, backed up by Moline’s men, shot
the hell out of them, but they got away.
It was as bold and pretty a piece of work
as I ever hope to see. Put Daggett in a
hell of a fix. Finally, Moline’s men raised
such a ruckus about their furs that Dag-
gett acted on a basis that United States
soldiers had been fired on, and ordered the
troop out after them.

  “We marched inside a couple of hours
and close on their tracks. I know you’d
want to know the troop was moving this
way. And I had an idea that bunch that
we were trailing were your men. So I
broke ranks when I got a chance, hit the
timber, and pushed on as fast as I could.
I passed the raiders night before last. Don’t
know how much I gained on them after
that. But they’ll be here any time, now,
with the troop right behind them 1”

  Tal took Starrett’s hand, gripped it
solidly. “I owe you something for this!”
he said gratefully. “We’ve got a wounded
man coming in here. Give me a hand with
this cabin. Then we’ll call a palaver.”
But in the end, Hastings didn’t call his
council. There was no question of what
should be done and nothing to discuss. The
thing he had come into the north to avoid
was about to happen. If Four Men’s vic-
tory-maddened Blackfeet met that trail-
weary little troop of cavalry, afoot now
and under a green junior officer, everything
that had happened before would have been
wasted. When Pere was bunked down in
the cabin to Mili’s satisfaction and he was
sure there was nothing more to be done
for the old trapper for the time being, Tal
called Carcajou.

  “Get together all the men that Mili can
spare. Leave here enough to give her a
hand with Satane. See the horns are full
and there’s shot in the pouches.”

  Shane shook his head wearily. “We’re
goin’ out ag’in, and with them Blackfeet
rollin’ south as fast as they can come?”
“We’re going out to meet them!” Tal
said flatly. “We’re going to give ’em hell.
Abel’s on his way back with his bunch,
shot to the devil but loaded down with
Moline’s fur. We got to keep the entrance
to Le Havre open for him. And the sol-
diers are right on his tail. We’ve got to
keep those brass buttons from tangling with
Four Men!”

  Carcajou shrugged, his eyes twinkling.
“Ever hear a gent boast he don’t get enough
of fighting, I’ll sure as hell know who to
send him to after this!”

  Minutes later, loaded and grim-faced,
half a dozen men filed out of Le Havre,
leaving behind them a wounded man and
two women. Both Mili and Anne Moline
had scorned masculine help with their
patient when guns were so bady needed.
FRONTIER STORIES

122

IX

WHEN he reached the river, Tal split
his men. Carcajou, Bill Starrett and
himself were to work down one side of
the river. The other three were to take
the far bank.

  “There’ll be upward of fifty Blackfeet
and a dozen of Celestine’s' Canuks. There’s
only six of us. But they’ll be in canoes,
watching for our landing-place. I don’t
expect us to turn them. But we can slow
them up for a spell. Abel and his boys
are due in from Fort National any min-
ute. Soon as they show, Mili’ll send them
out here. We’ll have enough guns to do
some good with, then. But we’ve got to
stall this attack till they get here. The
first six canoes that pass, you boys on the
far side take. Empty them as clean as you
can. The next six, we’ll take. Stagger it
that way. If they land, give ground and
dig in a new place upriver!”

  The six of them parted. Every man
knew what he was facing and how the odds
stacked. But an eagerness was on every
face. Watching them, Tal felt a surge of
pride. When the other three had reached
the far bank, he started forward with Car-
cajou and Starrett beside him. In twenty
minutes a whistle sounded on the far bank,
and in a moment, a fleet of canoes dark-
ened the silver sheen of the river. Squat-
ting in the brush, nerves tight as
bow-strings, they waited. Canoes began to
pass. When the sixth one had cleared,
flame stabbed from the far bank. Havoc
suddenly fell among the paddlers in the
first craft. The guns spoke again and the
second canoe overturned. Then the second
section of six was abreast and Tal’s fingers
curled about his own trigger.

  For five minutes they poured a two-sided
fire into the confusion among the canoes.
Then Four Men was up in the lead, scream-
ing at his men, untangling them and swing-
ing many of the canoes ashore. Answering
fire grew stronger. Five canoes landed a
few rods below where Tal and his com-
panions crouched. It was time to move.
He half-raised. As he did so, Carcajou
pointed to a canoe in close to the bank,
being driven back downstream by two pad-
dlers. Propped in the bow was a white
man.

  “Jean Blanchard!” Carcajou whispered.

Tal slid toward the water. Blanchard was
a big man, in the north or in the whole
country. And his reputation for honesty
and fair dealing was as widespread as the
holdings of his Anglican Fur Company.
Tal saw it as part of his job to save the
old man’s skin. Plunging into the river
waist deep, he waded swiftly out toward
the canoe. The two Blackfoot paddlers, all
that remained of a large crew, turned des-
perately. One raised a rifle and fired it
point-blank at Tal. He felt the slug hit,
shaking him. But in a moment he had the
gunwhale of the canoe and Bill Starrett,
ashore, had cleaned out the two Indians.

  The firing drew fresh attention. When
Four Men’s braves saw that their prisoner
was escaping them, they threw a wall of
lead against the bank, careless now whether
Blanchard was killed or not, so long as
those reaching for him were hit. But fan-
tastic luck built up about the three men
beaching the canoe. Half submerged in
water, they were poor targets. They
worked the canoe into a place where brush
overhung the water and lifted the old man
from where he lay. A swift knife cut his
bonds. He came unsteadily to his feet.
Starrett and Carcajou Shane each got a
shoulder under his arms. With Tal break-
ing the way, they dropped hurriedly back
from the river and worked upstream. Be-
hind them, the firing died out.

  A quarter of a mile above where they
had first struck, an owl hooted on the far
bank. The call was repeated. Cupping
his hands, Carcajou sent a passable imita-
tion back in answer.

  “The other boys,” he said shortly. “Just
lettin’ us know we was opposite ’em and
set for another brace against them red
devils.”

  “No sign of Stone and his boys?” Tal
grunted. Carcajou spat and dropped a
ball into his rifle ahead of the ramrod.

  “If’n Abel was in a couple of miles and
heard that owl, he’d a done what I did.
You’d a thought this was owl heaven for all
the birds in it. Abel just ain’t showed,
boy. That’s all I”

  Moments later the brush rattled behind
them. Tal jerked his gun up, centering
something less than a shadow leaping across
a little open. A man threw up his hands
and landed heavily. Tal’s shot drew a
vicious answering fire, centering on the
CAPTAIN TOMAHAWK

123

flash of his gun. Lead winged sharply
into the brush where he crouched with the
others. Carcajou swore sharply. Tal
jerked his head around.

  “Damn splinter off’n a saplin’ in my
neck!’' Shane whispered. “Hurt, that’g
all."

  Tal thought about his own wound. It
pulled at his left arm, heavily. Apparently
a hole through the muscle just outside his
upper ribs. He saw that Starrett was
fingering a wet place on the sleeve of his
uniform. The brush crackled again and
Carcajou fired. Another man went down.
Across the river a stray shot snapped out
and a Blackfoot screamed his peculiar high
death-cry.

  They were making their lead count. But
there weren’t enough of them and there
wasn’t enough lead.

HE shifted position, moving up with
Carcajou and Starrett still piloting
old Blanchard. He waited a little longer,
hoping to hear a rallying call from up the
river. But it didn’t come. Shrugging,
finally, he spoke in Carcajou’s ear.

  “We aren’t magicians!” he snapped. “It’s
like trying to stop a spring thaw. We’d
better slide or they’ll get us and there
won’t be anything between them and those
two girls!”

  At his side, Bill Starrett breathed a big
sigh. “I was wondering when you’d think
of that!” he said. “Why, I didn’t even get
a chance to talk to Anne!”

  “Let the boys across know if you can,
Carcajou,” Tal went on.

  The old trapper crept down to the water.
A moment later the loud slap of a beaver’s
tail sounded. Tal had used that signal,
himself. Loosely, it meant danger. But
the boys across the river would catch on,
all right. The brush was alive with Black-
feet. Tal grew impatient for Carcajou’s
return. But the trapper didn’t come back.
Cautiously, Tal followed after him. A
pair of yards from the river bank, he
stopped. Carcajou was working toward
him. Behind the king of the woods-run-
ners an overturned canoe lay on the wet
shingle. And over its upper edge, two
pairs of legginged legs were dangling.
Carcajou thrust a long, wide-bladed knife
into Tal’s hand.

  “Last time you saw it, it was ag’in my

belly!” he said grimly. “It’s Celestine’s.
Take it back to Mili!”

  Tal doubled back toward where he had
left Starrett and Jean Blanchard. Carca-
jou stayed silently beside him. When he
spoke again, his voice was almost sound-
less.

  “Celestine and one of his renegades had
that canoe in the bush right beside me when
I made that signal on- the water. They
jumped me quick, all right, but I’m a mite
nervous tonight. Its possible neither one
knowed jest where the knife that got ’em
come from. I got a notion Four Men’ll
find them outlaw voyaguers won’t stick to
him, now. A renegade of any breed’s got
to have a leader or he’ll run like hell!”
Tal’s lips parted grimly. Carcajou had
a thorough way of paying off a score! It
was good to know, too, that Celestine was
out of the way. It made the count a little
less top-heavy. For six men, his party
had done what it could.

  “Break for the tunnel!” he breathed.
“And make it fast!”

  For a few minutes it looked as if the
Blackfeet had them circled. Across the
river, the three on the far bank had to
shoot themselves out of a corner, plunging
into the water in a churning, reckless cross-
ing. But they made it and in moments
the seven of them were running together
toward the clump of brush which hid Le
Havre’s gate. Not far behind them but
still on the river, the battle-fired warriors
of Four Men^s band were keeping in deadly
pursuit. Tal leaped ahead to jerk the brush
aside over the tunnel opening and rammed
full onto the muzzles of a pair of rifles in
the hands of two troopers of the United
States Cavalry, at sentry-go in the tunnel
mouth!

X

TAL’S momentum carried him hard
against the guns. With swift, down-
striking hands, he.swept one of the bar-
rels to each side of him, plowing on be-
tween the two surprised troopers. At the
same instant, one of the two fired his
piece. Tal felt the sear of its charge along
his thigh. Then he laced out with his fist,
tagged the point of a jaw, and dropped
his man. Carcajou came in from the side,
his great long arms wrapping the other
124	FRONTIER STORIES

sentry tight. Bill Starrett jerked the man’s
belt-gun and laid him beside his fellow
with a quick, sure pass of the short barrel.

  Scattered, sporadic firing echoed down
the tunnel from the bowl of Le Havre. It
was plain what was afoot. Weary and
hard-pressed, Abel Stone had reached the
hideout with his stolen furs with the cav-
alry troop right behind him. They had
plunged on through the tunnel, leaving
these sentries behind, to wipe out the pi-
rates they had chased so far. The fact
that they had finally overtaken the wily,
woods-wise Stone was evidence that Dag-
gett, the quartermaster, commanding in
Jackie Cowan’ absence, was a better officer
than Cowan had ever been. Tal smiled
grimly. There were many things he had
learned in his weeks in the north. But
few of them brought him the satisfaction
this item did. He drew his tiny crew close
in the end of the tunnel.

  “Make all the hell you can when we
hit the bowl ahead!” he snapped. “Sound
like seventy instead of seven. Burn plenty
of powder, but throw your shots wide.
Don’t tag any of the troopers unless they
turn on us. We’ll need them! We’ve got
them from behind, now, and Abel’s likely
across the bowl behind the cabin. Maybe
we can make them think they’re caught in
a trap!”

  The weary men at Tal’s back seemed to
find fresh energy from hidden reservoirs.
Old Jean Blanchard snatched up the rifle
of one of the downed sentries. When they
had raced the length of the tunnel and
belched out into Le Havre’s bowl, he was
howling like a drunken Piegan. The up-
roar issuing without warning from the
sounding-board of the tunnel struck the
line of soldiers advancing cautiously across
the bowl like an unexpected artillery bar-
rage. Some of them wheeled and dropped,
defensively. The majority froze where
they stood, caught short and waiting for
a command. At their head, two men jerked
around. Almost at the same instant, Star-
rett and Tal both grunted identification of
one of them.

  “Cowan!”

  The other was Ed Moline. Tal’s mind
stabbed this development into the swiftly-
forming pattern of events. Moline and
Jackie Cowan, working south after their
escape from the destruction of Fort Bene-

dict, must have stumbled into the troop,
under the quartermaster, somewhere out
in the basin. It made matters a little dif-
ferent to have Cowan back in command.
Being implicated with Moline and the dead
McFairn in their wild plan for an empire
in the fur country, the discredited officer
was apt to be desperate, ordering his men
to make a stand against any odds.

  But Tal was reasoning without the strain
to which Cowan had been subject on his
flight south with the wild-eyed, moody Mo-
line. Drawing his saber and reversing it
S9 that he could hold its hilt high in plain
sight, he screamed at his own men and
Tal’s party alike.

  “Down guns! We surrender! Truce!”
Firing died. Tal held his men back un-
til Abel’s larger party from the upper end
of the bowl had moved down among the
soldiers. Then he swung his few forward,
the danger of exposing their small number
past. Abel Stone’s men made quick work
of disarming Cowan and Ed Moline. From
the cabin in the center of the bowl, two
girls ran swiftly. The first was Anne Mo-
line, running brokenly toward the knot
of men about her father. Bill Starrett
angled across to shoulder a way through
the press for her. The other was Mili,
racing across the uneven ground like a
deer, her raven hair trailing unnoticed be-
hind her, her face white with concern.

  Tal saw old Jean Blanchard drop the
gun in his hand and start forward. Then,
apparently seeing the look on the girl’s
face and the concern in her eyes, the old
fur-lord fell back. Mili came on, her arms
out in unashamed eagerness. Tal ab-
sorbed her rush, sweeping her close to
him.

  “Tal! Tal!” she sobbed, pressing her-
self tighter in his arms as if her intensity
could tell him of fears and relief she
couldn’t voice. She felt him flinch where
her shoulder touched the wound along his
ribs. The sobs died and she jerked back.
“Cher ami! You are killed!”

  A small grin parted Tal’s lips. “Not
yet, little one,” he said softly. “I’m still
on my feet!”

  “Oh!” Life flowed back into the girl
with that sigh.

  “How’s Pere ?” Time was running short.
Tal spoke swiftly.

  Mili shook her head.
CAPTAIN TOMAHAWK	125

  “But he hangs on, Tal. He wants to
see you—after the guns are quiet!”

  “But a little while, then, girl. Tell him
to keep hanging on. It’ll be over shortly!”

  Mili turned back to the cabin. Tal raised
his voice, calling for Abel Stone, Carcajou
and Bill Starrett. Starrett he sent among
the troopers with orders to get them up
on the slopes to either side of the tunnel.
In open shooting, such as was coming in
the bowl of Le Havre, the cavalry would
be far from the helpless men they were
out in the deep timber. Stone he sent to
round up the brotherhood and brace them
at the upper end of Le Havre. Carcajou
and himself took corners of the cabin, ready
to turn the Blackfeet away from the two
women, the two prisoners, and the
wounded men who were within it.

  All of these things took brief moments
which ran together into quick flash of
time. Then a roar came out of the tun-
nel, and after it, the red, relentless tide of
Four Men’s warriors. They poured into
the bowl, widened, and bounded forward
toward the position taken up by Abel
Stone’s command. As the last of them
loped out of the tunnel, a squad of the
troopers dropped down, closing off their
escape. A party of them, headed by Four
Men, himself, ran sharply toward the cabin
in the center of the open. It was like the
wily old chief to realize that in this shelter
were the things his enemy wanted most to
protect.

  Knowing the old Piegan chief to be a
reasonable man, and knowing his power
over his band, Tal was unwilling to shoot
him down without giving him his chance.
Motioning Carcajou to cover the far side
in case some of the rest circled, he stepped
clear of the cabin and flung his hands up
in quick, chopping sign-language call for
truce and parley. Four Men stopped for
a moment in indecision. Then, pressed
from behind by his younger men, he leaped
forward again, throwing up his rifle as he
ran.

THE weapon blossomed flame. Tal felt
the hard slam of the slug as it touched
his shoulder in passing. He pulled the
trigger of the hand-gun he held ready.
Four Men ran half a dozen paces more,
dropped his rifle, stumbled, and rolled al-
most to Tal’s feet. At the upper end of

the bowl, Stone gave an order and a ter-
rible volley of lead swept Le Havre. That
happened twice. Leaderless, the Blackfeet
wheeled like a drilled company and raced
toward the tunnel. But Starrett and the
troopers were ready. A wall of fire
smashed into the Indians, turning them.
They made another wild dash, trying to
cut through the pall of powdersmoke hang-
ing like a curtain before the tunnel-mouth.
Then a secondary chief threw down his
rifle. The Blackfeet followed to a man,
and firing ceased in the little haven as
swiftly as it had begun.

  Wearily Tal turned toward the door of
the cabin. Pere had wanted to see him
when the guns were silent. Mili opened
the door. She spoke sharply to the two
prisoners. Anne Moline took her father’s
arm, guiding him to the door. As Cowan
stepped into the open, following them, Bill
Starrett appeared at Tal’s elbow and
glanced inquiringly toward the cowed,
white-faced officer. Tal nodded.

  “Name a police detail and put him under
arrest, Corporal,” he said quietly. Star-
rett’s heels came together sharply. His
hand clipped the side of his hatless head.

  “Yes sir!”

  Tal stepped into the cabin. Mili caught
up his hand, led him across to where Pere
Satane lay on a bunk. One look at the
old voyaguer’s face was enough. There
was nothing in it, now. Even the flush of
raging fever was gone. Only his eyes were
alive and the shadows of the Divide were
gathering in their depths. There is little
a man can say to a dying friend. Tal lifted
Satane’s hand. A faint pressure ran
through the limp fingers.

  “The last trail, mon ami,” the trapper
breathed. “Now I go back to the book

I	t’row away. No matter. Pere is lak
the she-wolf. With her back broke she
stay wit’ her cubs till they are weaned.
Then she crawl in the hole and she die.
Long tam I wait for Mili’s beau ■ brave.
Long tam I make prayer. Voila! You
come. Is finish, now. ...”

  Satane caught his breath. For a mo-
ment longer his eyes held to Tal’s face,
seeming to pass on with their fading look
his devotion to the girl he had stolen from
the Blackfeet. Tal’s arm slid around Mili’s
shoulders. The breath eased from Satane
and he was dead. Tal turned Mili, walked
126	FRONTIER

slowly with her to the door. Carcajou met
them there.

  “I’ve got Four Men propped up around
the corner, Tal,” Shane said urgently, “and
he wants to make palaver!”

  Moving stiffly, aware of his wounds and
in crying need of rest, Tal rounded the
cabin with Mili at his side. The oldPiegan
chief was braced up in state. Five or six
of his younger aides were at his feet. Bill
Starrett and Anne Moline stopd a little
distance away. Old Jean Blanchard was
crouched close to Four Men. The Indian
waved a feeble hand to Mili, beckoning her
close beside him. Tal followed.

  “Old men must talk before they can
die,” Four Men said slowly. “The years
weigh down their souls with many things.
Hear me. When I was a young war-
maker, the first whites came among us in
their search for furs. I saw in my mind’s
eye a coming time when there would be
many whites and no redmen. When that
time came, my nation must fight or make
a shrewd trade. Therefore, I took a party
to the lodge of the greatest of the fur-
men and stole a girl-child from him. I
kept her many years against the day when
the fur man and the chief of the Blackfeet
met in parley. I kept her as a hostage for
the land the whites would take from my
people.

  “Three seasons past, she was stolen from
me by a woods-runner who kept her as his
own daughter. Four Men made many at-
tempts to take her back, and failed. Now
the Blackfoot nation is defeated and their
chief dies. Four Men desires to return the
girl to the lodge of her father—here!”

  The old Indian’s hand reached out, stab-
bing a finger at Jean Blanchard. The
owner of the great Anglican company came
slowly to his feet. Puzzled, tremulous,
Mili also stood up. Blanchard took her
hand.

  “Daughter!” he said hoarsely. Then he
was more gentle, carefully holding in check
the strong emotion pulling at his face.
“I’ve known since I first saw you, Mili
Blanchard!”

  Watching the two of them, Tal saw that
he, too, should have known. The strong,
clear-cut features and the devil-fired jet
eyes were common to them both. Mili
went to the old man with uncertain eager-
ness, needing his comfort to fill the void

STORIES

left by the death of Pere Satane. From
Blanchard’s arms she sent a blinding, happy
smile across to Tal. The Anglican owner
spoke again.

  “Now I want the ears of everyone.
Presently I will have words for Four
Men’s Blackfeet. But first, for the broth-
erhood gathered here. There are many
things I know. First, I heard, late last
fall, whispers of a scheme of lawless em-
pire in these woods. One of my posts,
Fort Benedict, was involved. My factor
was apparently a ring-leader. I appealed
to the Army of the United States. They
agreed to send their detachment at Fort
Laramie out to investigate. I protested
that the detachment was too small and un-
trained in woods-war. I protested that
the young, pig-headed junior lieutenant in
command at Laramie appeared to be a
party to my factor’s plans. The Army
told me they had no other force available,
but that they would send one man into
the north. I laughed. But I laughed too
soon, gentlemen. That man was Captain
Tallant Hastings!”

THE eyes of the whole company swung
toward Tal. Some in amazement. Some
in pleasure. Corporal Starrett grinned
knowing pride and tightened his grip around
Anne Moline’s shoulders. Tal was un-
comfortable. Blanchard seemed to sense
this.

  “Captain Hastings chose to gather the
free-trade to break up this threatening em-
pire. He was wise enough to know that
only the trappers themselves would be able
to defeat the forces moving against them.
The brotherhood of Le Havre will be long
remembered. For with it, the Captain has
been able to win a peace for us all. Even
for the Blackfeet.” He stopped, turning
to Carcajou. “Tell Four Men that I have
many posts, but that his people have only
one hunting-ground. I am going down-
river with my daughter when Captain
Hastings returns' Lieutenant Cowan to
Leavenworth for trial. I will probably
return alone. But I’ll not rebuild Fort
Benedict. The territory once controlled by
that post I give to the Piegan chief in re-
turn for my daughter!”

  Carcajou translated Blanchard’s words
to Four Men with a stiff-necked dignity
which implied it was he, Carcajou Shane,
Letter to a P.O-W.

Will you write a letter to a Prisoner
of War . . . tonight?

 Perhaps he was left behind when
Bataan fell. Perhaps he had to bail out
over Germany. Anyway, he’s an Amer-
ican, and he hasn’t had a letter in a
long, long time.

And when you sit down to write, tell
him why you didn’t buy your share of
War Bonds last pay day—if you didn’t.
“Dear Joe,” you might say, “the
old topcoat was getting kind of
threadbare, so I . . .”

No, cross it out. Joe might not under-
stand about the topcoat, especially if

he’s shivering in a damp Japanese cell.

   Let’s try again. “Dear Joe, I’ve been
   working pretty hard and haven’t had
   a vacation in over a year, so . .

Better cross that out, too. They don’t
ever get vacations where Joe’s staying.

  Well, what are you waiting for? Go
ahead, write the letter to Joe. Try to
write it, anyhow.

   But if somehow you find you can’t, will
you do this? Will you up the amount
you’re putting into your Payroll Savings
Plan—so that you’ll be buying your
share of War Bonds from here on in?

fiction house, inc.

 This advertisement prepared under the auspices of the Wat
 Advertising Council and the U. S. Treasury Department.

12 7
128	FRONTIER

woods-runner, who made this generous
treaty. Four Men’s eyes kindled but his
face was graven.

  “It is a good land. My people are grate-
ful. The Piegan is a worthy enemy. He
is a better friend. So long as honor lives
among us, there will be peace in the north-
land!”

  Tal Hastings stirred. A heavy weight
slid from his shoulders. He smiled and
Started toward Mili and her father. No
history book would ever record this peace.
It was without formality, without foolscap,
ink, and quill. But it would hold with the
most impressive. In following years, when
the expanding nation reached into the north
and government came with it, statesmen
would write a new treaty at oak tables.
Yet, when the new was written, it would
hold nothing not already sworn to, here.

  Carcajou Shane shuffled into his path.

  “Damn!” he said with mock bitterness.
“I’ve lived half a life on the practice that
a dead Blackfoot was somethin’ to be proud
of. I was plumb enjoyin’ watchin’ that old
devil, Four Men, fadin’ out like a wet fire.
Then Blanchard give him that land and
he right quick started burnin’ ag’in. He’ll
be on his feet in a week! And I’ll have
to git me a new mark to practice my shoot-
in’-eye on. There ain’t a crooked bone in
that old Piegan’s body. What he says,
he’ll stick to. Be no sport in meetin’ a
Blackfoot on a trail no more!”

  Tal grinned, slapped Carcajou’s shoul-
der with the affection of a man who has
been through a high-water hell with an-
other. Bill Starrett and Anne Moline came
up before he left the old trapper.

  “Think I might get a discharge from the
service, Cap’n?” Starrett asked.

  Tal looked from the trooper to the girl
and back again. His eyes danced.

  “For good cause, possibly,” he agreed.

  Starrett missed the humor in his eager-
ness. “I’ve got that—Anne! We’ve got

STORIES

to get her father out of the north and down
on the Big River where he can rest up and
get free of the strain that’s cracked him.
We aim to find a preacher, down there.
Then we want to come back to Fort Na-
tional and run it right. We want to give
up keeping it a strictly Yankee Company
post. Thought we’d widen out and open it
to the free-traders. They take more fur
than company men, any day, and fur is a
trader’s business!”

  Tal saw Carcajou’s seamed face split
into a wide grin. The free-trade was to
have a post in the north! That meant
something to the disbanding brotherhood.
Tal nodded to Starrett.

  “You and Carcajou get together and sort
out the take we brought in here. Blanchard
won’t want any part of those bales we
took from McFairn. That’ll give- you a
good start. You might put Shane in charge
of your post till you got back. He’d have
it purring like a big cat for you when you
and Anne came up-river.”

  Anne Moline nodded. “It’ll take time to
get father well, to cure his mind. We may
be delayed a season. I had thought of
Mister Shane. If he would. . .

  “If he would!” Carcajou shouted.
“Ma’m, give me room! I’m an old moun-
tain-man with a belly full of war and a
hankerin’ to settle down!”

  Tal drew away. Mili saw him coming
and moved out to meet him.

  “Capitaine it is, now, eh?” she teased.
“Maybe when I am an old woman I will
like that. But for now, you will be always
by my boucanier, my fur-pirate!”

  Together they walked down toward the
little river which ran through Le Havre.
They said nothing more. Presently Mili
began to sing:

       “Some are dead young—

       Some are dead old—

         We live forever . . .!

. WILL THEY BE "MISSING fiR ACTION" THERE .
" BECAUSE rOU FAILED IN ACTIOK HERE? ACT NOW* ★

BUY MORE WAR BONDS!
Are You Satisfied with

                      \\

        PROVE I
 MakeYouaNEWMANin
 Only 15 Minutes a Day!

H

'OW do YOU look stripped—in locker-room or
gym? Skinny, scrawny, sparrow-chested, self-
conscious, HALF ALIVE?

How do you feel when people notice your physique? Can you
stand their gaze? If you’re not satisfied with your present
physical development, let me prove I can make you a New
Man—in only 15 minutes a day, right in the privacy of your
own home! I’ll give you biceps like iron and a fine, deep
chest. I’ll broaden your shoulders, add ridges of solid
muscle to your stomach, fill out your arms and legs. If you
are fat and flabby, I’ll streamline you into a picture of
radiant manhood.

  What Dynamic Tension Can Do

  How? Dynamic Tension! That’s the secret
that changed me from a flat-chested 97-lb.
weakling into the red-blooded HE-MAN that
I am today. That’s how I’m turning thousands
of fellows like yourself into New Men—with
husky, handsome body and tireless endurance.

I can do the same for you. Let me PROVE it!

  Dynamic Tension is a PRACTICAL and NATURAL
method. You use no tiring apparatus, no muscle-straining
gadgets. My method is actually FUN! In only 15 minutes
a day, you will actually see your muscles increase into
powerful bulges of brawn and strength. You’ll enjoy new
stamina, a glad-to-be-alive feeling. Before you know it,
you’ll have a rugged, handsome body, a rough-and-ready
ambition surging out of you that the world can’t lick!

I’ll show you how it really feels to LIVE!

SEND FOR FREE BOOK

All I ask is that von mail the coupon NOW for
my illustrated FREE book, “Everlasting' Health
and Strength.” It shows actual photos of pupils
I’ve changed from weaklings into remarkable speci-
mens of manhood. If you want a body that men
respect and women admire, then get this coupon
into the mails as fast as you can. Address me per-
sonally, CHARLES ATT.AS, Dept. 312E, 115 E.

23rd St., New York 10, N. Y.

 CHARLES

  ATLAS

An untouched
photo of
Charles Atlas,
twice winner
and holder of
the title, “The
World's Most
Perfectly De-
veloped Man.”

 CHARLES ATLAS, Dept. 312E,

115 East 23rd Street, New York 10, N. Y.

   I want the proof that your system of "Dynamic
 Tension” will help make a New Man of me—give
 me a healthy, husky body and big muscle develop-
 ment. Send me your free book, ''Everlasting
 Health and Strength.”

Name

 (Please print or write plainly)

Address

City

 . State.

 □ Check here if under 10 for Booklet A
I Trained These Men

Chief Operator Broadcasting
Station

“Before I completed your les-
sons, I obtained my Radio
Broadcast Operator’s license
and Immediately joined Station
WMPC where I am now Chief
Operator.” HOLLIS F. HAYES.
327 Madison St., Lapeer,
Michigan.

$200 a Month in Own Business

“For several years I have been
in business for myself making:
around $200 a month. Business
has steadily increased.” ARLIE
J. FROEHNER, 300 W. Texas
Ave., Goose Creek, Texas.

 $10 a Week in Spare Time

 “I repaired some Radio sets
 when I was on my tenth lesson.
 I really don’t see how you can
 give so much for such a small
 amount of money. I made $600
 In a year and a half, and I have
 made an average of $10 a week-
 just spare time.” JOHN JERRY,
 1337 Kalamath St., Denver,
 Colorado.

television

ELECTRONICS
FREQUENCY MODULATION

 My up-to-date Course includer
 training in these new develop-
 ments.

FREE

RADIO LESSON

  I will send you a FRF.E Lesson. “Getting
  Acquainted with Receiver Servicing.” to
  show you how practical it is to train for
  Radio in spare time. It's a valuable les-
  son. Study it — keep it — use it — with-
  out obligation! Tells how “Superhet”
  Circuits work, gives hints on Receiver
  Servicing, Locating Defects, Repair of
  Loudspeaker. I. F. Transformer, Gang
  Tuning Condenser, etc. 81 illustra-
  tions. Get your sample lesson FREE—
  mail Coupon NOW!

  Hero’s your opportunity to get a good job in a busy field with a
  bright peacetime future! There is a shortage today of trained Radio
  Technicians and Operators. So mail the Coupon for m.v FREE, 64-
  page, illustrated book, "Win Rich Rewards in Radio." It describes
  many fascinating types of Itadio jobs, teJls how N. R. I. trains you
  at home in spare time—how you get practical experience building and
  testing your own Radio Circuits with SIX BIG KITS OF RADIO
  TARTS I scndl

           More Men I Trained Now Make
 $50 a Week Than Ever Before
 Keeping old Radios working is booming the Radio Repair business.
 Think of the ncio boom in Radio Sales and Servicing that*s coming
 when new Radios are again available—when Frequency Modulation
 and Electronics can be promoted—when Television starts its postwar
 expansion 1

  Broadcasting Stations, Aviation Radio, Police Radio, Loudspeaker
  Systems, Radio Manufacturing all offer good jobs now to qualified
  Radio men—and most of these fields have a big backing of business
  that has built up during the war, plus opportunities to expand into
  new fields opened by wartime developments. You may never see
  a time again when it will be so easy to get a start in Radiol
  Many Beginners Soon Make $5, $10
  a Week EXTRA in Spare Time
  The day you enroll for my Course I start sending you EXTRA
  MONEY JOB SHEETS that help show how to make EXTRA money
  fixing Radios in spare time while still learning. I send you SIX big
  kits of Radio parts as part of my Course. You LEARN Radio funda-
  mentals from my illustrated, easy-to-grasp lessons—PRACTICE what
  you learn by building real Radio Circuits—PROVE what you learn
  by interesting tests on the circuits you build!

         Find Out What N.R.I. Can Do For You
 MAIL THE COUPON for my FREE 6 4-page book. It’s packed with
 Radio facts—things you never knew about opportunities in Broad-
 casting, Radio Servicing. Aviation Radio, other Radio Fields. Read
 the details about my Courser—"50-50 Training Method”—6 Experi-
 mental Kits—Extra Money Job Sheets. See the fascinating jobs
 Radio offers and how you can train at home. Read many letters from
 men I trained, telling what they are doing, earning. No obligation.
 Just MAIL COUPON in an envelope or pasted on a penny postal! —
 J. E. SMITH. President, Dept. 4FG, National Radio Institute,
 Washington D, D. C.

J. E. SMITH. President
National Radio
Institute

YOU GET 6 KITS
OF RADIO PARTS!

 By the time you’ve
 built this Superheter-
 odyne and many other
 Radio circuits with
 the six big kits of
 Radio parts I send
 you will have valu-
 able practical experi-
 ence!

Our 30th Year of Train-
ing Men for Success
in Radio.

Good For Both

 64 PACE BOOK
 SAMPLE LESSON

FREE

 MR. J. E. SMITH. President. Dept. 4FG
 NATIONAL RADIO INSTITUTE, Washington 9, D. C.

 Mail me FREE, without obligation. Sample Lesson and 64-page book
 “Win Rich Rewards in Radio.” (No salesman will call. Write plainly.)

Age............

 | Name.

| City........................... State.