 William Patterson White
 Charles T. Jackson
 Barry Scobee
 J. Allan Dunn
 L. Patrick Greene
 Arthur 0. Friel
 Roger Daniels
 Chester L. Saxby
 Hugh Pendexter
 Gordon Young

JANUARY
3rd
1921

25c

PUBLISHED

TWICE A MONTH
BE A CERTIFICATED

ELECTRICIAN

C&«G©

 Chief
 Engineer
 COOKE
 Deot. 431
 19 18 Sunny-
 side Ave.

 Chicago, III.

   Sir: Send at once
 — fully prepaid and
 entirely free — complete
 particulars of your great
 offer for this month.

Chicago Engineering
Works

                               Dept. 431, 1918 Sunnyside Ave,
 Smm................................................CHICAGO, ILL.

                                                 t Wfw

Address..........................

City.....................State

Read What
My Students Say—

  “Have just received my diploma, of
which I am very proud.

  “I think your course is the most com-
plete I have ever seen. I have received
my money’s worth many times, and any
fellow that turns down your offer is sure
going to regret it."—Loran C. Brown.
Sebring, Ohio.

  "Since I started to study with you a
year ago I have been doing electrical work
in my spare time, made the price of 2
Courses, and have increased my earning
power just 100 percent.”—Samus-1
Albright, Riverside, Wash.

I WILL TRAIN YOU AT HOME

Three Vital Facts

 1.	The demand for ELECTRICAL EXPERTS is greater
 than in any other profession.

 2.	Electrical Experts earn $3,000 to $10,000 a year.

 3.	Advancement for the Electrical Expert is certain, and
 the opportunities for getting into business for yourself are
 better than in any other line.

  Knowing these three facts the thing for every red-blooded ambitious
  man to consider is where can he get the best practical training in Elec-
  trical work. Not a lot of theoretical stuff—but a real practical training
  that will make him an Electrical Expert in the shortest possible time.

A Real Training

  As chief engineer of the Chicago Engineering Works I know exactly
  the kind of training a man needs to get the best positions at the highest
  salaries. Hundreds of my students are now earning $3,000 to $10,000.
  Many are now successful ELECTRICAL CONTRACTORS. Read
  my stude-nts’ letters.

Your Success Is Guaranteed

  I know what I can do for any wide awake ambitious man, and will
  absolutely guarantee your SUCCESS or your money returned. No
  other school will do this for you. Our SHOPS and LABORATORIES
  are the finest and always open for my students’ use.

Fine Electrical Outfit—FREE

  I give each student a Splendid Outfit of Electrical Tools, Materials,
  and Measuring Instruments absolutely FREE. I also supply them
  with Drawing Outfit, examination paper, and many other things
  that other schools don’t furnish.

Get Started Now—Write Me

           I want to send you mv splendid Electrical Book and
           Proof Lessons both FREE. These cost you nothing
           and vou’ll enjov them. Make the start to-day for a
           bright future in Electricity. Send in coupon -NOW.

                                L. L. COOKE, Chief Engineer

  "During May I made about SS5.0 * in
my spare time. I can hand you the credit,
because when I started I knew NOTHING
about Electricity."—L. Randell, Ironton,
Minn.

    “You will be pleased to learn of my
 promotion to Chief Electrician. It was
 your course put me where I am. Although
 only a little over half through your les-
 sons, I have had my wages raised from
 S75.00 to $275.00 a month, and expect to
 do better before I am through.”—II. E.
 Wolf, Columbus, Ohio.

   "When I enrolled with you I was only
 able to make S75.00 a month. Today,
 thanks to your splendid lessons, I am in
 business for myself, making over S400.00 a
 month.”—A. Schreck, Phoenix, Arizona.

    "Electrical men here speak very highly
 of your course. One-- the Fresno Manager
 of the General Electric Company--says
 your course is equal to the three years’
 training ourse at their Schenectady
 shops —E. Linnville, Fresno, Calif.

    "I want to speak a good word in record
 to your Course and methods. It has
 helped me wonderfully. I passed a Jour-
 neyman’s examination with the Interna-
 tional Brotherhood of Electrical Workers,
 and am now arrying a first-class card."
 - J. R. Overton, Maryville, Tenn.

   "When I enrolled—I knew nothing
 about Electricity. Today I am the highest
 paid workman for the Massena Light &
 Power Co.”-~C. C. Burkhart, Massena.
 New York.

   "You don't know how glad I am that
 my son has found such a man as you. I
 only wish other mothers knew of the in-
 terest you take in your students- the«r
 boys.” Mrs. S. Williams, Huntington
 Beach, Cal.

    "I am still holding that position with
 the Minneapolis Steel & Machinery Com-
 pany. secured on your recommendation.”
 —A. Swanson, Minneapolis, Minn.

    "In 18 months since I started to study
 with you I have increased my salary from
 •Sfi a day to S4.0C0 a year.”—A. F. Klemz,
 State Supt. of Const., Miller-York Co.,
 Saginaw, Mich.

    “The outfit is wonderful, so much bet-
 ter than I expected, and I must say I am
 more than pleased with same.”—F. X.
 Droege, Covington, Ky.

   “Before I started to study with you I
 was only able to make s^O every 2 weeks.
 Now I am making $300 a month, and
 going up all the time. Your Course has
 put me where I am.”—J. E. Sallinger,
 Mine Flectrician, New River & Poca-
 hontas Con. Coal Co., Layland, W. Va.

   "I would not take 1,000 dollars and be
 without your course. Tf I did the years
 ahead would only be like the few that
 have naseed.”—H. Swiger, Wallace, West
 Virginia.

Complete Letters Sent
When You Write Me

Vou CAN DO IT
ADVENTURE

i

I’ll Teach You Piano
In Quarter Usual Time

ADVENTURE	Published twice a month by The Ridgway Company at Spring and Macdougal Sts., New York	Volume 28

t	j	City. Yearly subscription $4.00 in advance; single copy 25 cents. Entered as second-class

J an. 3rd, J 921	matter Oct. 1, 1910, at the post-office at New York, N. Y., under the act of March 3, 1879.	Number 1

To persons who have not previously
heard of my method, this may seem a
pretty bold statement. But I will gladly
convince you of its accuracy by referring
you to any number of my graduates in
any part of the world.

There isn’t a State in the
Union that doesn’t contain a
score or more skilled players of
the piano or organ who obtained
their entire training from me by
mail. I have far more students
than were ever before taught by
one man. Investigate by writ-
ing for my 64-page free booklet,
‘‘ITow to Learn Piano or Organ.”

    My way of teaching piano or
 organ is entirely different from all
 others. Out of every four hours
 of study, one hour is spent en-
 tirely away from the keyboard—
 learning something about Har-
 mony and The Laws of Music.
 This is an awful shock to most
 teachers of the “old school,” who
 still think that learning piano
 is solely a problem of “finger
 gymnastics.” When you do go
 to the keyboard, you accomplish
 twice as much, because you «»-
 derstand what you are doing.
 Within four lessons I enable you
 .to play an interesting piece not
 only in the original key, but in
 all other keys as well.

I make use of every possible
scientific help—many of which
are entirely unknown to the
average teacher. My patented
invention, the COLOROTONE,
sweeps away playing difficulties
that have troubled students for
generations. By its use Trans-
position—usually a “nightmare”
to students—becomes easy and
fascinating. With my fifth les-
son I introduce another im-
portant and exclusive invention,
QUINN-DEX. Quinn-Dex is a
simple, hand-operated moving
picture device which enables you
to see, right before your eyes,
every movement of my hands at
the keyboard. You actually see the fingers move.
Instead of having to reproduce your teacher’s finger
movements from MEMORY—which cannot be always
accurate—you have the correct models before you
during every minute of practice. The COLOROTONE

Marcus Lucius Quinn Conservatory of Music

    Studio A A, 598 Columbia Road, Boston, 25, Mass.

DR. QUINN AT HIS PIANO

     From the Famous Sketch by Schneider,
     Exhibited at the St. Louis Exposition.

and QUINN-DEX save you months and years of wasted
effort. They can be obtained only from me, and there
is nothing else, anywhere, even remotely like them.

  Men and women who have failed by all other methods
have quickly and easily attained success when studying
with me. In all essential ways you are in closer touch
with me than if you were, studying by the oral method—
yet my lessons cost you only 43 cents each—and they
include all the many recent developments in scientific
teaching. For the student of moderate means, this
method of studying is far superior to all others, and even
for the wealthiest students there is nothing better at any
price. You may be certain that your progress is at all
times in accord with the best musical thought of the
present day, and this makes all the difference in the world.

  My Course is endorsed by distinguished musicians who
would not recommend any course but the best. It is for
beginners or experienced players, old or young. You
advance as rapidly sr as slowly as you wish. All neces-
sary music is supplied without extra charge. A diploma
is granted. Write to-day, without cost or obligation, for
64-page free booklet, “How to Learn Piano or Organ.”

------ FREE BOOK COUPON------

QUINN CONSERVATORY, Studio AA,

      598 Columbia Road, Boston, 25, Mass.

    Please send me, without cost or obligation, your, free
  booklet, “How to Learn Piano or Organ,” and full partic-
  ulars of your Course and special reduced Tuition offer.

Name.................:....................................................................
2

ADVENTURE

Free Proof that I Can
Raise Your Pay

No matter how much you are earning now, I can
show you how to increase it. I have even taken
failures and shown them how to make $100—$200,
and in one case as high as $2,000 weekly. I am
willing to prove this entirely at my risk and expense.

IET’S have a little chat about getting ahead
—you and I. My name is Pelton. Lots
of people call me “The Man Who Makes
Men Rich.” I don’t deny it. I’ve done
it for thousands of people—lifted them up
from poverty to riches.

  I’m no genius—far from it. I’m just a
plain, everyday, unassuming sort of man. I
know what poverty is. I’ve looked black
despair in the eye—had failure stalk me around
and hoodoo everything I did. I’ve known the
bitterest kind of want.

  But to-day all is different. I have money
and all of the things that money will buy. I
am rich also in the things that money won’t
buy—health, happiness and friendship. Few
people have more of the blessings of the world
than I.

  It was a simple thing that jumped, me up
from poverty to riches. As I’ve said, I’m no
genius. But I had the good fortune to know
a genius. One day this .man told me a
“secret.” It had to do with getting ahead
and growing rich. He had used it himself
with remarkable results. He said that every
wealthy man knew this “secret,”—that is why
he was rich.

  I used the “secret.” It surely had a good
test. At that time I was flat broke. Worse

than that, for I was several thou-
sand dollars in the hole. I had
about given up hope when I put
the “secret” to work.

At first I couldn’t believe my
sudden change in fortune. Money actually
flowed in on me. I was thrilled with a new
sense of power. Things I couldn’t do before
became as easy for me to do as opening a door. -
My business boomed and continued to leap
ahead at a rate that startled me. Prosperity
became my partner. Since that day I’ve never
known what it is to want for money, friend-
ship, happiness, health or any of the good
things of life.

  That “secret” surely made me rich in every
sense of the word.

  My sudden rise to riches naturally sur-
prised others. One by one people. came to
me and asked me how I did it. I told them.
And it worked for them as well as it did for
me.

  Some of the things this “secret” has done
for people are astounding. I would hardly
believe them if I hadn’t seen them with my
own eyes. Adding ten, twenty, thirty or forty
dollars a week to a man’s income is a mere
nothing. That’s merely playing at it. In
one case I took a rank failure and in a few
weeks had him earning as high as $2,000.00
a week. Listen to this:

  A young man in the East had an article
for which there was a nation-wide demand.
For twelve years he “puttered around” with

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

it, barely eking out a living. To-day this
young man is worh $200,000. He is build-
ing a $25,000 home—and paying cash for
it. He has three automobiles. His children
go to private schools. He goes hunting, fish-
ing, traveling, whenever the mood strikes
him. His income is over a thousand dollars
a week.

  In a little town in New York
lives a man who two years ago
was pitied by all who knew
him. From the time he was 14
he had worked and slaved—-
and at sixty he was looked
upon as a failure. Without
work—in debt to his charitable
friends, with an invalid son to
support, the outlook was pitchy
black.

A Few Examples

  Then he learned the “secret.”
In two weeks he was in business
for himself. In three months
his plant was working night and
day to fill orders. During 1916
the profits were $20,000. Dur-
ing 1917 the profits ran close to
$40,000. And this genial 64-
year young man is enjoying
pleasures and comforts he little
dreamed would ever be his.

  I could tell you thousands of
similar instances. But there’s
no need to do this as I’m willing
to tell you the “secret” itself.

Then you can put it to work
and see what it will do for you.

  I don’t claim I can make you rich over
night. Maybe I can—maybe I can’t. Some-
times I have failures-—everyone has. But I
do claim that I can help 90 out of every 100
people if they will let me.

  The point of it all, my friend, is that you
are using only about one-tenth of that wonder-
ful brain of yours. That’s why you haven’t
won greater success. Throw the unused nine-
tenths of your brain into action and you’ll be
amazed at the almost instantaneous results.

  The Will is the motive power of the brain. With-
out a highly trained, inflexible will, a man has about
as much chance of attaining success in life as a rail-
way engine has of crossing the continent without
steam. The biggest ideas have no value without will-
power to “put them over.” Yet the will, altho here-
tofore entirely neglected, can be trained into wonderful
power like the brain or memory and by the very same
method—intelligent exercise and use.

  PERSONAL EXPERIENCES

   Among over 350,000 users of
 "Power of Will” are such men
 as Judge Ben B. Lindsey; Su-
 preme Court Justice Parker; Wu
 Ting Fang, Ex U. S. Chinese
 Ambassador; Assistant Postmas-
 ter General Britt; Gov. McKel-
 vie of Nebraska; General Man-
 ager Christeson of Wells-Fargo
 Express Co.; E. St. Elmo Lewis,
 former Vice-Pres. Art Metal
 Construction Co.; Gov. Ferris
 of'Michigan, andjmany others of
 equal prominence.

   $300 PROFIT PROM ONE
 DAY S READING
 “The result from one day’s
 study netted me S300 cash. I
 thfoik it a great book and would
 not be without it for ten times
 the cost.” —Col. A. W. Wilke,
 Roscoe, So. Dakota.

 WORTH $15,000 AND MORE
 “This book has been worth
 more than $15,000 to me.”—
 Oscar B. Sheppard.

 WOULD BE WORTH $100,000
 “If I had only had it when
 I was 20 years old, I would be
 worth $100,000 to-day. It is worth
 a hundred times the price.”—
 S. W. Taylor, The Santa Fe Ry.,
 Milans, Tex.

 SALARY JUMPED PROM $150
 TO $800
 ‘‘Since I read ‘Power of Will’
 my salary has jumped from $150
 to $800 a month.”—J. F. Gibson,
 San Diego, Cat.

 FROM $100T0$3,000 A MONTH

   “One of our boys who read
 ‘Power of Will’ before he came over
 here jumped from $100 a month to
 $3,000 the first month, and won
 a $250 prize for the best sales-
 manship in the state.”—Private
 Leslie A. Still, A. E. F., France.

   If you held your arm in a sling for two years, it
would become powerless to lift a feather, from lack
of use. The same is true of the Will—it becomes
useless from lack of practice. Because we don’t use
our Wills—because we continually bow to circum-
stance—we become unable to assert ourselves. What
our wills need is practice.

  Develop your will-power and money will flow in
on you. Rich opportunities will open up for you.
Driving energy you never dreamed you had will
manifest itself. You mil thrill with
a new power—a power that nothing
can resist. You’ll have an influence
over people that you never thought
possible. Success—in whatever form
you want it—will come as easy as
failure came before. And those are
only a few of the things the “secret”
will do' for you. The “secret” is fully
explained in the wonderful book,
“Power of WiU.”

How You Can Prove This at
My Expense

      I know you’ll think that I’ve
  claimed a lot. Perhaps you think
  there must be a catch somewhere.
  But here is my offer. You can
  easily make thousands—you can’t
  lose a penny.

      Send no money—no, not a cent.
  Merely clip the coupon and mail it
  to me. By return mail you’ll receive
  not a phamphlet, but the whole
  “secret” told in this wonderful book
  “POWER OF WILL.”

       Keep it five days. Look it over in
   your home. Apply some of its simple
   teachings. If it doesn’t show you
   how you can increase your income
   many timts over—just as it has for
   thousands of others—mail the book
   back. You will be out nothing.

_ But if you do feel that “POWER

  OF WILL” will do for you what it
has done for over a quarter of a million others—if
you feel as they do that it’s the next greatest book to
the Bible—send me only $4.00 and you and I’ll be
square.

   If you pass this offer by, I’ll be out only the small
profit on a four-dollar sale. But you—you may
easily be out the difference between what you’re making
now and an income several times as great. So you
see you’ve a lot—a whole lot—more to lose than I.

  Mail the coupon or write a letter now—you may
never read this offer again.

PELTON PUBLISHING COMPANY

48-A Wilcox Block,	MERIDEN, CONN.

PELTON PUBLISHING COMPANY

48-A Wilcox Block, Meriden, Conn.

You may send me “Power of WiU” at your risk. I
agree to remit $4.00 or remail the book to you in five days.

Address.

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
4

ADVENTURE

Play the Hawaiian Guitar

Just Like the Hawaiians!

Our method of teaching is so simple, plain and easy
that you begin on a piece witli your first lesson. In
half an hour you can play it! We have
reduced the necessary motions you learn
to only four—and you acquire these in a
few minutes. Then it is only a matter
of practice to acquire the weird, fasci-
nating tremolos, staccatos, slurs and
other effects that make this instrument
sodelightful. The Hawaiian Guitar
plays any kind of music, both the
melody and the accompaniment.

Your tuition fee includes a beauti-
ful Hawaiian Guitar, all the
necessary picks and steel bar
and 52 complete lessons and
pieces of music.

Send Coupon NOW
Get Full Particulars FREE

First Hawaiian Conservatory of Music, Inc.

233 Broadway	NEW YORK

  I	am interested in the HAWAIIAN GUITAR. Please send
  complete information, special price offer, etc., etc.

Name...................................................................................

Address.............................................................................

Town.........................................................................a. m.

Write Name and A ddress Clearly

ifYouCanTell it-From a
GENUINE DIAMONDSenditbadc

To prove our blue-white MEXICAN DIAMOND closely resembles
a genuine diamond with same DAZZLING RAINBOW FIRE, we
will send a selected 1 carat gem in Ladies’ Tiffany Style Ring (Cat.
price $4.98) for Half Price to introduce, $2.63, or in Gents’ Heavy
Tooth Belcher Ring (Cat. price $6.26) for $3.25. Our finest 12k
Gold Filled mountings. GUARANTEED 20 YEARS. SEND NO
MONEY. Just mail postcard or this ad. State Size. We will mail
at once C. O. D. If not pleased return in 2 days for money back
less handling charges. Write for Free Catalog. Agents Wanted.

MEXICAN DIAMOND IMPORTING CO., Dept. AE, Las Cruces, N. Mex.

(Exclusive controllers Mexican Diamonds)

 Don’t Wear a Truss

BROOKS’APPLIANCE,

the modern scientific
  invention, the wonderful
  new discovery that re-
  lieves rupture will be
  sent on trial. No ob-
  noxious springs or pads.
  Has automatic Air
  Cushions. Binds and
  draws the broken parts
  together as you would a
  broken limb. No salves.
  No lies. Durable, cheap.
  Sent on trial to prove it.
  Protected by U. S. pat-
  ents. Catalogue and meas-
  ure blanksmailed free. Send
  name and address today.

C. E. BROOKS, 212D State Street, Marshall, Mich.

Spare time

      Does it weigh heavily on your hands?
      Does it mean idle, profitless hours
      from supper time to bed time? Here’s
      your chance to gain

Adventure

     Without leaving your home town.
     Without spending a cent. Without
     previous experience.

Money—

      As much as you want. It all depends
      on how good an adventurer you are.
      $15 to $50 a week can be yours.
      Thousands are doing it, why not you?

Write

       For full particulars, without obligation, to
       Manager, Staff Agencies Division, Box 625,
       Butterick Building, New York.

LEAPN WIRELESS

At Home Quickly and Easily

 Interesting and attractive positions —
 either at sea or on land—with sub-
 stantial salaries, for men trained as
 Wireless Operators. Salaries start
 at $125 a month plus Room and

      Board, which means a total of
      $200 or more a month. One of
      our recent graduates is getting
      $6,000 a year. Get in line for
      a big position at a big salary!
      Let us help you! WIRELESS
      INSTRUMENTS FREE TO
      EVERY STUDENT. Write
      for this FREE book, full of
      valuable information.

NATIONAL RADIO INSTITUTE

Dept. 417 Washington, D. C.

AUTOMOTIVE

Motor Cars, Trucks, Tractors

Trained salesmen make $6,000 to $8,000 a year selling motor
cars, trucks and tractors. The Automotivelndustry is the second
largest industry in the world and Automotive Selling is the best
paid and biggest selling field in the world. Good salesmen are
in constant demand. It is high-class dignified work. You can
qualify for these big-paying positions. For the first time is now
offered, at small cost, a lecture course on Automotive Salesman-
ship. Every phase is completely covered. It thoroughly in-
structs beginnbrs and greatly helps experienced, ambitious
salesmen, salesmanagers and others. Nothing like this course
has been prepared before. DECIDE NOW to qualify for the
best pavine selling business in the world. Send for particulars.
AUTO PUB. CO., 245 West 55th St., New York.

SALESMANSHIP

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

 “$100 a Week, Nell!

        Think What That Means To Us!”

“TRey’ve made me Superintendent—and doubled my salary! Now we
can have the comforts and pleasures we’ve dreamed of—our own home, a
maid for you, Nell, and no more worrying about the cost of living!

“The president called me in today and told me. He said he picked me for
promotion three months ago when he learned I was studying at home with
the International Correspondence Schools. Now my chance has come—and

thanks to the I.C.S., I’m ready for it!”_________tear out here_—• — —__

Thousands of men now know the joy of	ALTOE^O^NCE^SCHOOLS

happy, prosperous homes because they let the I Explain, without obligating me, how I can qualify for the posi.

T „ • in	1	o i i	■ tion, or in the subject, before which I mark X.

International Correspondence Schools prepare
them in spare hours for bigger work and better
pay.

  Why don’t you study some one thing and
get ready for a real job, at a salary that will
give your wife and children the things you I
would like them to have?

I

  You can do it! Pick the position you want J
in the work you like best and the I.C.S. will I
prepare you for it right in your own home, |
in your spare time—you need not lose a day j
or a dollar from your present occupation. |.

  Yes, you can do it! More than two million
have done it in the last thirty years. More than
130,000 are doing it right now. Without cost,
without obligation, find out how you can join
them. Mark and mail this coupon!

  ELEOTKIOAL ENGINEER
  Electric Lighting: and Railways
  Electric Wiring
  Telegraph Engineer
  Telephone Work
  MECHANICAL ENGINEER
  Mechanical Draftsman
  Machine Shop Practice
  Toolmaker
  Gaa Engine Operating
  CIVIL ENGINEER
  Surveying and Mapping
  MINE FOREMAN OK ENGINEER
  STATIONARY ENGINEER
  Marine Engineer
  Ship Draftsman
  ARCHITECT
  Contractor and Builder
  Architectural Draftsman
  Concrete Builder
  Structural Engineer
  PLUMBING ANI> HEATING
  Sheet Metal Worker
  Textile Overseer or Supt.
  CHEMIST
  Mathematics

SALESMANSHIP
ADVERTISING
Window Trimmer
Show Card Writer
Sign Painter
Railroad Trainman
ILLUSTRATING
Cartooning
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT
Private Secretary
BOOKKEEPER
Stenographer and Typist
Cert. Public Accountant
TRAFFIC MANAGER
Railway Accountant
Commercial Law
GOOD ENGLISH
Teacher	*

Common School Subject&
CIVIL SERVICE
Railway Mail Clerk
AUTOMOBILE 0PERATII9
Anto Repairing
Navigation	Spanish1

AGRICULTURE Kreneh
I’onJtry Raising ■ □ Italian

Name-

Present

Occupation-.

Street

and No--

Canadians may send this coupon to	7-25-1®

 International Corresponaence Schools, Montreal, Canada

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
6

ADVENTURE

 DIAMONDS .^WATCHES

 Mm CREDIT ON CREDIT

       We offer exceptional values in Diamond Kings, Solitaires
   and Clusters, latest popular plain and fancy engraved mount-
   ings. The Diamonds are magnificent gems,set in White,Green
   or Yellow Solid Gold. Featured in Catalog. Special a.t

                                               and

                                                up

 *85,*125,*150,$200,*250 __

   PDCniT TERMSon purchases of S5 or over, one-fifth down,
   U ti L V11 balance in eight equal amounts, payable monthly.

 Send For Holiday Catalog

      The easiest,most convenient way to make handsome, worth-
   while presents is to send for our Catalog, make selections in
   the quiet of your own home, and have as many articles as
   you wish charged in one account. We prepay shipping
   charges. Satisfaction guaranteed or money promptly refunded.
   Send for Catalog Today. Liberty Bonds Accepted.

  LOFTIS BROS. & Co., National Credit Jewelers

 Dept. H 224

 (Established 1858)

   100 to 108 N. State St., Chicago, 111.
   STORES IN LEADING CITIES

A SPECIAL

Factory

Cut-Prtcc

U.S. Oflicer’s Shoes

 Hand sewed, first grade factory, cut-
 down price. Direct to you at only
 Made of the best Water-
 proof Mahogany calf
 leather. If these shoes are not just
 as we say, send them back. You do not
 lose a cent. Retail price of this shoe is
 $10.00. Built for work and dress at the
 same time. If you are sending money
 order or check do not include postage.
 Pay only for shoes. We pay postage.

U. S. Army
Marching Shoes

 First grade factory, cut-down price.
 Direct to you at only $5.15. Retail
 price of these shoes is $8 00 Made of
 the best elkskin waterproof leather.

U. S. NATIONAL MUNSON
ARMY SHOE CO., Inc.

Dept. A-190 Westfield, Mass.

PARKER’S
HAIR BALSAM

Removes Dandruff-Stops Hair Falling
Restores Color and
Beauty to Gray and Faded Hair

60c. and $1.00 at druggists.
Hiscox Chem. Works. Patchogue, N. Y.

protect

 HINDERCORNS Removes Corns, Callouses,
 etc., stops all pain, ensures comfort to the feet, makes
 walking easy. 15 cents by mail or at Druggists.
 Hiscox Chemical Works, Patchogue, N. Y.

AFTER

40

     . booklet for those near or
 past middle life. It concerns a simple drugless
 treatment that cannot interfere with daily work
 or doctor’s care. It has delighted thousands,
 is prescribed by hundreds of physicians and in-
 dorsed by intelligent laymen all over the world.
 Not a book about infectious diseases but whole-
 some truth. Just say: Send me, free of all charge,

“PROSTATOLOGY”

 If depressed in spirit; if backache, sciatica or
 tender feet annoy you; if nerves are gone, if
 bladder weakness and disturbed slumber under-
 mine your health, you will bless this book. Do
 it before you forget where you saw this notice.

ELECTROTHERMAL COMPANY, 61-B Kirk Bldg., Steubenville, 0.

 Elgin,Waltham, Howard, Illinois

or any watch you want. Easy Payments I
and 30 days Free Trial. Send for Big j

FREE CATALOG

     112 pages wonderful values, diamonds, I
 watches, rings, jewelry, up-to-date de- I
 signs. Buy the Ware Way, you will never
 miss the money. Get posted, write today.
 ALFRED WARE CO., Dept. 292, St, Louis, Mo,

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

7

 CLASSIFIED

Agents and Help Wanted

Railway Traffic Inspectors earn from $110 to $200 per month
and expenses. Travel if desired. Unlimited advancement. No
age limit. We train you. Positions furnished under guarantee.
Write for Booklet CM 93. Standard Business Training Institute,
Buffalo, N. Y.

Stop Daily Grind, start silvering Mirrors, Auto headlights, Table-
ware, etc. Plans free. Clarence Sprinkle, Department 49, Marion,
Indiana.

LADIES TO SEW AT HOME for a large Phila. firm, good money,
steady work; no canvassing; send stamped envelope for prices paid.
Universal Co., Dept. 15, Walnut St., Phila., Pa.

DETECTIVES EARN BIG MONEY. Great demand every where.
Travel. Fascinating work. Experience unnecessary. We train you.
Particulars free. Write, American Detective System, 1968 B’way, N.Y.

Detectives make big money. Be one. We show you how by home
study. Particulars free. Write American School of Criminology,
Dept. A, Detroit, Mich.

OUR PROTECTED ARTICLE exclusively owned and con-
trolled by us clears upward of $40.00 per day for salesmen. Most
essential. Government created demand. Large territories to sales-
men able to handle crews. Side-line or full-time. If you cannot
sell this specialty you will fail selling life preservers on a sinking
ship. Definite co-operation. Jerome Laadt, Pres., 8 South Dear-
born St., Chicago, 111.

Agents make big money because sales may be made in every
home. Our modern aids to home sanitation have an appeal that
cannot be resisted. A brush, mop or duster for every need. Liberal
commissions and good territory. North Ridge Brush Company,
139 Clark St., Freeport, 111.

Big Money and Fast Sales. Every owner buys Gold Initials
for his auto. You charge $1.50; make $1.35. Ten orders daily easy.
Write for particulars and free samples. American Monogram Co.,
Dept. 85, East Orange, N. J.

Agents—Large Manufacturer wants agents to sell hosiery, under-
wear, shirts, dresses, skirts, waists, shoes, clothing, etc. Write for
free samples, Madison Mills, 503 Broadway, New York.

Fun and Entertainment

Tricks, Puzzles, Jokes, Magical Goods, Plays, Wigs, Stage Sup-
plies and Sensational Escapes. Send stamp for large catalogue.
Oaks Magical Co., Dept 519, Oshkosh, Wis.

Photo Finishing

Mail us 20c with any size film for development and six velvet prints.
Or send six negatives any size and 20c for six prints. Or send 40c
for one 8 x 10 mounted enlargement. Prompt, perfect service.
Roanoke Photo Finishing Co., 278 Bell Ave., Roanoke, Va.

Stories, Photoplays, etc.

Write photoplays: $25—$300 paid anyone for suitable ideas.
Experience unnecessary; complete outline Free. Producers League,
394, St. Louis, Mo.

$1200 a Year writing photoplays. Turn your ideas into dollars-
We teach only sure method. Get Free Book, valuable informa
tion and prize offer. Chicago Photoplay Coll., Box 278 A 12o’
Chicago.

 AT^l^TT’ adventure and wealth
 W 1*4 1^ —at home and in
 y0ur spare time.

Write for full particulars to

Manager, Staff Agencies Division

Box 624, Butterick Building, N. Y.

    Look in the glass. See if what you see there is a full-fledged
  man, or a piece of damaged goods—a reject of society—nerves
  gone, vitality sapped, energy lacking, ambition lost —a
  weakened, trembling, hopeless, joyless mortal who feels that
  life is not worth living, and the world looks dark and gloomy.

    The guilty man shudders at the spectacle he sees in the
 mirror. You know when you are face to face with yourself
 what has made you what you are, if you are of the guilty ones.

Don’t be a Half-Baked Misfit

    You can brace up and be a real fellow—a wholesome-look-
 ing, handsome, healthy chap—a man any employer would be
 glad to have around-a man every man and woman will in-
 stinctively take to right off. Yes, you can do it—if yOu will
 listen to a little common sense as it is taught by a man who
 made himself the best physical specimen
 in the world, then devoted himself to the
 rehabilitation of other men and women
 and so succeeded that thousands now ac-
 claim him the wonder worker of the age.

Strongfortism Will Put
You On Your Feet

    Strongfortism works miracles in men,
 yet it is easily adopted that, without in-
 terfering with any ordinary occupation,
 you can have health and vitality and
 vigor restored. If you are a sufferer from
 Nervous Disorders, Bad Habits,Excesses,
 Weaknesses, Catarrh, Indigestion, Rheu-
 matism—or any other dread affliction, I
 urge you to learn what I can do for you.
 So wide-reaching is my system that I can
 remedy almost any physical fault by
 purely natural means without the use of
 drugs or medicines. It’s great—you’ll
 admit it as soon as you know anything
 about it.

My Free Book
Tells All About It

    I know I can confer upon you tremen-
 dous benefits—I know you’ll thank me as
 other thousands have—that’s why I want
 to give you an insight into my wonderful
 method by sending you my highly inter-
 esting and valuable book, “Promotion
 and Conservation of Health, Strength
 and Mental Energy.”

    Don’t lose a minute. Send a 10c. piece
  for postage, etc., to my address. Tell me your ailment. I
  will reply promptly —you’ll devour the truths found in my
  book and you will see at once that a new era of life is within
  your grasp.

LIONEL STR0NGF0RT

        Physical and Health Specialist
 Dept. 105	Newark, N. J.

i _ _ _ _ .FREE CONSULTATION COUPON. — — - —

Absolutely Confidential

  Mr. Lionel Strongfort—Dept. 105, Newark, N. J., Personal.

    Please send me your Book, “Promotion and Conservation of Health,
  Strength and Mental Energy,” for postage of which I enclose a 10c.
  piece lone dime). Send me special informal
  below, without in any way obligating me.

ialion on subjects marked X

 . . Colds
 . . Catarrh
 . . Hay Fever
 . .Asthma
 . .Obesity
 . . Headache
 . . Thinness
 . . Rupture
 . . Lu mbago
 . . Neuritis
 . . N euralgia
 . . Flat Chest

..Deformity

(describe)

 . . Insomnia
 . . Short Wind
 . . Flat Feet
 . . Stomach Dis-
 orders
 . . Constipation
 . . Biliousness
 . .Torpid Liver
 . . Indigestion
 . . Nervousness

 . . Poor Memory
 . . Rheumatism
 . . Gastritis
 . . Heart Weakness
 ..Poor Circulation
 ..Despondency
 . . Skin Disorders
 . . Falling Hair
 . . Weak Eyes
 . . Round Shoulders^
 ..M uscular

Development

  Here mention other subjects not listed above.

 .Occupation .

 Name .

 Age...

Street ..........................

City......................StAte .

Kindly mention Adventure.in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
8

ADVENTURE

In the Far
North—

a Woman—

         young, clever, unafraid — outwits a gang of des-
         perate gold miners. How this lovely girl takes the
         fight into her own hands and wins single-handed
         for the sake of a fortune in gold and the man
         she loves, makes a ripping story that will grip any
         man, or woman, who loves to be thrilled by the
         virile people of the far North’s great out-of-doors.

Read “TheTrencher,” by David Churchill,
and the dozen other absorbing stories and
serials waiting for you in the December

  /verybodys

^Magazine 4^0

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
    Published Twice a Month by The Ridgway Company

f. M. GANNON, President	C. H. HOLMES, Secretary sad Treasurer

                    Spring and Macdougal Streets - - New York City
                    6, Henrietta St., Covent Garden, London, W. C., England

   Entered as Second-Class Matter. October 1, 1910, at the	.BTUI« «i!ihvant unvirMAM

Post-Office at Neiv York. N. Y„ tinder the Act of March 3,\1879.	ARrHUR SULLIVANT HOFFMAN, Kdltor

Yearly Subscription, $4.00 in advance	Single Copy, Twenty-Five Cents

Foreign postage, $2.00 additional. Canadian Postage, 40 cents.

         Trade-Mark Registered; Copyright, 1920, by The Ridgway Company in the United States and Great Britain.

          The editor assumes no rlak lor manuscripts and illustrations submitted to this magaaine, but he will use all due care while

they are in his hands.

Contents for First January, 1921, Issue

No Man’* Island........j. Allan Donn	3

       Cannibals and pearls.

The Wind*	....... Barry Scobce	54

       In the clutch of dead men.

With the Aid of the Spirits......L. Patrick Green*	63

        Wise men leave native graves alone in Africa.

Trapped..........Gordon Young	70

        A crime in the night.

The Heart of the Range A Five-Part Story Part 1 .	William Patterson White	79

       Racey bucks a gang of gunmen.

Brown Bess VS* Old Ksuntuck A Scrap of Firearms Lore Lewis Appleton Barker	104

Southward.........Chester L. Saxby	106

       Fire at sea. An “Arnie” story.

Half-Pint Smith........Charles T. Jackson	118

        A Southern coloncl side-steps.

* Occasionally one of our stories will be called, an *'Off-the-Trail” slory, a warning that it is in some way different from the
usual magazine storte.s, perhaps a little different, perhaps a good deal. It may violate a canon of literature ov a custom of maga-
zines', or merely be different from the type usually found in this magazine. The difference may lie in unusual theme, material,
ending, or mamier of telling. No question of relative merit is involved.

(Continued on next page)	1

January 3*
1921
Vol.2$ Ml m
{Continued from preceding page)

Concerning Pikers Poem.......John D. A. Weaver	129

A Scout for Virginia A Four-Part Story Conclusion	Hagb Pendexter	131

      An Indian warJnlColonial days.

In His Prime................Roger Daniel>	151

       A Great Lakes captain fights the ice.

The Vulture . .	......Arthur 0. Friel	156

      Death-dealer of the Amazon.

The Prodigal Son Poem.......Ira South	1T2

The Camp-Fire A free-to-all meeting-place for readers, writers and adventurers .....	171

Looking Ahead for Democracy............no

A Birds-Eye View of Central America .... Edgar You&g	i8i

Various Practical Services Free to Any Reader .........iss

Ask Adventure...............iso

Firearms, Past and Present.............187

Fishing in North America.............i»7

Lost Trails................191

The Trail Ahead......... ......192

Headings..............T-s-Tou,e*

Cover Design.............Mayo Goldsmith

Statement of the ownership, management, circulation, etc., required by the Act of Congress of August 24. IQ12, of Adven-
SSw semi-monthly at New York, N.Y., for October 1,1920. State of New York. County of New York. ss. Bciore
me a^otan-Pub c^n and for the State and county aforesaid, personally appeared James P. Wingiiam, who, having
bren dufylwo™according to law, deposes and says that he is the Business Manager of the Adventure, and that the following
peenauiy swui.i avwiun » t- » v■	___nwnprcVim manfltrpmpnt. fand if a dailv oaoer. the circu-

cmbodied'in section 443, Postal Laws and Regulations, printed on the reverse of this form, to wit: 1. i hat the names and
addresses of the publisher, editor, managing editor, and business managers are: Publisher: The Ridgway Company, a cor-
Marriouml Streets New York City. Editor, Arthur Sullivant Hoffman, 223 Spring Street. New
?ork City Managing Editor, Arthur Sullivant Hoffman, 223 Spring Street, New York City. Business Manager,
T^es P Birmingham?223 Spring Street, New York City. 2. That the owners are: Give names and addresses of indi-
iidS ovmers OT, if acorporation, give its n^ine and the names and addresses of stockholders owning or holding 1 per cent,
or more^F the total amount of stoH) Owner: The Ridgway Company, a corporation. Spring and Macdougal Streets.
New York City. Stockholders: Federal Publishing Company, a corporation, 15 Exchange Place, Jersey City, N. J.
Stockholder of Federal Publishing Company: The Butterick Company, a corporation, 223 Spring Street, New York
Citv Stockholders of Butterick Company: George B. Black, 812 Lincoln Avenue, Mendota, Illinois. S. R. Latshaw,
221 Snrincr Street New Yorl' Citv. W. H. Gelshenen, 100 William Street, New York City. Estate of H. F. Morse, care
of Garfield National Bank NVw York City. Laura J. O'Lougiilin, 156 Ridge Street, Glens Falls, N. Y. Mrs. Aretiiusa
Pond S in Remo Hotel, New York City. -Erman J. Ridgway, 2S0 Broadway, New York City. Augustus Van W\ck,
I JO Broadway New York Citv. R. A. Van Wyck, 149 Broadway, New York 6ity. Marie A. Wilder, 223 Spring
Street New York City. Ben F. Wilder, 223 Spring Street, New York City. George W. Wilder, 223 Spring Street,
New Vork Citv. 3. That the knerwn bondholders, mortgagees, and other security holders owning or holding I per cent, or -more of
total amount of bonds, mortgages, or other securities are: (If there are none, so state.) None. 4. That the two paragraphs
next above giving the names of the owners, stockholders, and security holders, if any, contain not only the list of stock-
holders and* security holders as they appear upon the books of the.company but also, in cases where the stockholder or se-
curity holder appears upon the books of the company as trustee or in any other fiduciary relation, the name of the person or
corporation for whom such trustee is acting, is given; also that the said two paragraphs contain statements embracing
affiant's full knowledge and belief as to the circumstances and conditions under which stockholders and security holders who
do not appear upon the books of the company as trustees, hold stock and securities in a capacity other than that of a bona
fide owner- and this affiant has no reason to believe that any other person, association, or corporation has any interest direct
or indirect in the said stock, bonds, or other securities than as so stated by him. 5-	?he average number of copies of

pach issue of this publication sold or distributed, through the mails or otherwise, to paid subscribers during the six months
orecedim; the date shown above is. (This information is required from daily publications only.) James F. Birmingham,
business Manager. Sworn to and subscribed before me this 30th day of September, 1920. Cecil L. Wahl, Notary Public,
Kings County. Certificate filed New York County. (My commission expires March 30, 1922.) (Seal.) Form 3526.
Ed. 1916.
Author of “The War Cloth,” “The Long Trail,'’ etc.

TO MOST of us an aquarium seems
an unlikely place for a diver to
choose in which to spend a holiday.
Sam Manning thought differently.
And the aquarium at Kapiolani Park at
Waikiki is different. It is an out-of-doors
institution and one may smoke and watch
the strange shapes and vivid colors of the
occupants of the tanks in a combination of
pleasure and comfort that was most accept-
able to Manning.

  Romance and poetry to the contrary,
your deep-sea diver does not take in much of
the sub-surface life while he’s at work.
There are too many things to look out for:
life-line, air-pipe, signals, currents, to say
nothing of the actual work in hand. Then
too the helmet-glasses get misty in spite of
the vinegar film used to keep them clear.
Like, as not, the water is roily, and it is ten
to one the diver is working in a place that
more nearly resembles a neglected back-
yard than a sea-garden aglow with color.

  But there was a streak of romance, and
not a narrow one, in the composition of
Manning. And, when he could do so at

leisure, he liked to see through the glass of
the tanks the tropical, underwater beau-
ties that he missed at Pearl Harbor, where
he had just completed a contract at the
Naval station.

  Striped and splotched trigger-fish in blue
and gold, or black and scarlet; strange,
darting shapes of silver, azure and flaming
red, spotted eels, sulking squid, gorgeous
anemones, like orchids of the sea, vivid
marine growths, spiny sea-urchins, night-
mare crabs, live coral, live sponges; a
fascinating display ever shifting in kaleido-
scopic review. Manning refilled his pipe,
seated in the scattering shade of date-palms
opposite the tank labeled Hippocampidce,
which Manning translated as sea-horses.

  He played chess once in a while, and the
striking resemblance of the mailed fishes,
with their prehensile tails and elongated
snouts, to the knights of his favorite diver-
sion always fascinated him. Just now his
attention was divided between them and a
man whom he had observed, more or less
closely, for the past hour.

  The stranger was a riddle to Manning and

Copyright, 1920, by The Ride-way Company in the United States and Great Britain.

All rights reserved.

3
4

Adventure

the diver liked to solve such riddles. To
begin witK, he was dressed in a slop suit
of serge that was shapeless as a collection of
gunny sacks but could not hide the erect
figure, the broad, square shoulders and
narrowing hips of the man. He was pain-
fully thin, but Manning sensed muscles and
well-coordinated strength and action. Clad
like a common sailor, evidently of the sea,
Manning was sure that the man belonged
aft, that he was one who gave orders rather
than obeyed them.

  He was pretty certain that the man was
both hungry and broke. He knew that the
stranger had glanced at him more than once
with a look that was a part of the puzzle.
It had held a hint of entreaty. Only a
hint, tempered by pride that showed in the
tilt of the well-shaped jaw, the carriage of
the well-shaped head. It was a tentative
hail to one who might or might not answer
in kind.

  In the look had been a suggestion of recog-
nition. And this Manning reciprocated to
a certain extent. He could not place the
man and he prided himself upon his recol-
lection of faces. Their former meeting
must have been under different circum-
stances, he decided. The chap had been
through a sickness of some kind, he fancied.
Clothes and additional poundage made a
vast difference.

  “He’s a Yank,” decided Manning, “but
he’s no stranger in these latitudes. And
he’s got a good nose.”

  Manning was a crank on noses. He liked
the way the stranger, if he was a stranger,
wore his, jutting out in an aquiline aggres-
siveness from between gray eyes; curving
down, lean and well sculptured, ending
above a close-clipped mustache that ac-
cented a firm mouth.

  “About thirty,” he placed his age. Man-
ning had just topped forty. The other was
close to six feet, perhaps a trifle over the
fathom. Manning was five-feet-ten, solid,
vigorous.

  The man regarded the fishes apatheti-
cally, hands in his pockets, frowning, op-
posite the jUippocampida. The tank might
have been empty for any real attention he
gave it though he was looking straight at
the glass front that reflected his lean visage’
to Manning, who once again thought he
caught that speculative glance.

  “He’s no panhandler,” the diver decided.
“I like him. And he looks as if he needed a

lift, if it’s only a friendly word. Rum
place for him to come if he’s feeling the way
he looks.”

  Generous always, with the generosity
happily leavened by inherent caution and a
habit of going about things methodically,
Manning got up and strolled over nearer
to the sea-horses, ranging up alongside the
other.

  “Funny little beggars, ain’t they?” he
said. “Don’t seem like fishes, somehow.”
“Ran into a whole herd of ’em one time,”
he went on as the other did not answer.
“Herded in the cabin of a wreck I was goin’
through in twelve fathom of water. I’ll
bet there was four or five hundred of ’em.”
The man turned swiftly, eagerness in his
eyes, his thin body tensing.

  “You’re a diver?”

  The gray eyes were ablaze with hope, bor-
ing at Manning. There was the note in his
voice of a marooned sailor who, almost hope-
less, suddenly sees a ship’s boat coming
round the point and hails it, with a certain
incredulity. It was a deep-sea voice with a
ring to it that confirmed Manning’s im-
pression that the man was used to issuing
orders.

  “That’s been my job for twenty-odd
years,” he answered. “Name of Manning.
Sam Manning.”

  “Manning—Manning?”

  The brows of the other knitted, lines of
effort showing above them in a struggle for
recollection. Then his face cleared.

  “You were at Tahiti in—let me see—
1913. Working on the hull of the Espe-
rance?”

  “Correct.”

  Manning still cudgeled his brains in vain
for the connecting links of memory.

  “I used to watch you from the wharf.
Don’t know that I met you. But you may
have heard of me. I was there selling
pearls. My name’s Hooper, Tom Hooper
of Huapai.”

  Now his voice held a note of entreaty.
It was almost as if he had had reason lately
to doubt his own identity, or had had it
questioned, Manning thought shrewdly.

  “It seems to fit in somewhere,” he said
slowly. “But I can’t just place it. Pearls?
And you’ve got the handle of captain, I’m
thinking.”

  Hooper nodded a trifle impatiently.

  “I don’t look much like Hooper of Huapai
just now,” he said. “I met one man this
No Man’s Island

5

morning who pught'to know me and he said
he didn’t. I am not sure whether he lied or
not. But Tom H«oper of Huapai is fairly
well known in Tahiti. Or was. ‘Lucky’
Hooper they called me. I handled more
pearls than the rest of them. My own.
Tahiti is the clearing-house for pearls, you
know.”

  “Yes; I’ve heard so. I’ve never dived
for ’em. Never had anything to do with

’em. But-”

  Manning’s face suddenly lightened.

  “Did you own the three-masted schooner
in the harbor that time? The only three-
master there. A beauty—called the—

the-”

  “Moanamanu. The Ocean Bird.”

  “Yes, sir. The Moanamanu. I remem-
ber that schooner. I’ve always had a no-
tion to own a schooner myself. I’ve put in
so much of my life under the surface I like
to sail on top by contrast forjthe joy of it.
Sail—not steam. A beauty, that schooner.
She’s not with you?”

  “She’s lying in ten fathoms inside a
double reef, half-way between the Galapa-
gos and the Marquesas.”

  “Tough luck. You ran her ashore?”

  “I didn’t. But I was in her.”

  The man who had named himself Hooper,
Lucky Hooper of Huapai, had been sub-
jecting Manning to close inspection, a
searching inquisition that began and ended
eyes to eyes. And Manning did not resent
it. Inwardly he chuckled. The apparent
derelict had assumed the act of investiga-
tion, conducting it as a natural privilege.
He liked the rising of Hooper above clothes
and obvious circumstance.

  “You said you were a diver?” queried
Hooper after a quick glance to see if any one
was in earshot, or so Manning interpreted
it. “Deep-sea, I take it.”

  “Anything down to twenty fathoms.”
  “Are you working?”

  “Just got through. Haven’t made up
my mind whether I’ll sign up again or not.
I’m a bit stale after a steady spell. Expect
to lay off for a week or so, anyway.”
Hooper nodded.

  “Got your own outfit, I suppose?”

  “Two suits, one with oxygen tank. Four
assistants. Why?”

  He countered sharply with the question.
A grim twist of an approving smile showed
on Hooper’s face.

  “You may imagine I’m not rolling in

wealth just now,” he said. “But there’s a
reason. I think I can explain it satis-
factorily to you.” His voice got a little
bitter but changed again. “I know, the
kind of job you did at Tahiti,” he went on.
“I know your reputation. You’ve only got
a hazy recollection of me. I am not in a
position to offer credentials. And I amjin
a hurry. To offset what I know of you,
and you don’t know of me, I’ll give you a
share in my secret. It’s a business proposi-
tion. I need a partner. I need a diver.
Have you got any money, Manning?”

K£f! SUCH a conversation, overheard,
IStil might have seemed incongruous.

     The wrong man appeared to be
putting a question of that kind. But it did
not seem out of the way to Manning. Odd
bits of memory were piecing themselves
together about Hooper of Huapai. And he
did not doubt that this was the man. He
was quite certain the chap was neither
crook nor adventurer.

  He had met many of them in his calling
and invariably there had been something
about them that gave them away. They
had been too specious, too overdressed for
their roles, one way or the other. This
chap was straight, in his opinion, and he had
taken some time that morning to make it
up. Once fixed, Manning was ready to
back it.

  “I might get hold of some,” he said.
“Why? Why a diver? Sunken treasure?”,

  “Yes. Sounds fishy, I suppose. Man
told me so this morning the minute I
broached it. Said Honolulu was fed up on
those sorts of yarns. He meant the Coco
Island expedition. The old scallawag that
put across that deal let in a bunch of Hono-
lulu men. I’ve been told a good many
things in the last forty-eight hours that I
couldn’t resent openly. I look like a beach-
comber, I’ll admit. It’s sunken treasure.
Pearls. Inside the hold of the Moanamanu.
And it’s a strange sort of yarn, with only
my word to prove it. I was discharged
from the Seaman’s Home two days ago
with a dollar and this suit of slops. But
I've got to take in some one. You look like
a godsend, doubly, because you’re a diver.
There’s a double reason, to my mind, for
haste, though you may not look at it in
that way. But I can offer you an induce-
ment, if you take any stock in what I’m
saying.
6

Adventure

  “There’s a third of two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars in it, Manning, for
your share, if you’ll put up for a craft of
some sort, outfit, grub and crew. The
diving part of it’s easy. The rest isn’t.
There are risks.”

  Manning looked at a sea-horse twined
about a stalk of seaweed.

  “Suppose you come back with me on the
car to Honolulu,” he said. “And talk it
over. I’ve got rooms there where we can go
over the thing at length. We’ll have supper
together and go into it afterward. I’m
hungry.”

  Something leaped into Hooper’s eyes at
the word “supper.” Hunger is a hard
thing to control. But his voice was
even.

  “Suits me,” he said. “What have we
got to go by? Have you got any charts
there of the Southern Pacific?”

  “That’s my business. Yes, I’ve got a lot
of them.” He glanced at his watch.
“We can just catch a car,” he said. “Come
along.”

  There were two or three soldiers on the
car, part of the island garrison. Manning
saw Hooper regarding them interestedly.

  “Making quite a military and Naval base
out of the Islands,” he remarked casually.
“Big work at Pearl Harbor. With a general
eye to the Japanese, I fancy. They’re
swarming here. Eight of ’em on this car.
But I hope we don’t have any more trouble
for a while. Got a chance for real pre-
paredness, now. Good thing the war’s
over.”

  “Were you in it?”

  The inquiry was not casual. Manning
looked at Hooper with some surprize.
The tone was bitter; there was a flash in his
eyes.

  “I was under it,” Manning answered.
“I did what they set me at. It didn’t take
me across. Kept me busy at the Navy
yards. How about you?”

  “I was out of it,” said Hooper, his voice
bitter. “But it wasn’t my fault. And

now the war’s over, or as good as over,-

it.”

  The repressed feeling in his words, ending
in the clipped oath, gave Manning food for
thought. It made him the keener to hear
Hooper’s story. But he was not going to
talk about it on the car, if the other had
seemed willing. And Hooper relapsed into
a broody silence.

              II

SAM MANNING, master diver,
had cozy quarters in a narrow, short
and twisty lane that runs between
Beretania and King Streets. Three of his
assistants were quartered elsewhere between
contracts. The fourth, Fong, a Chinaman
of placid countenance and uncertain age,
acted as Manning’s cook and house-
boy.

  Fong was a man of parts. He had been
with Manning for eight years after the
diver had rescued him from a nasty bit of
trouble at Singapore. For which he be-
lieved Fong, with reason, grateful. In
many ways he was invaluable. He could
repair a diving-suit as deftly as he could
scramble eggs or make a bed. Manning
trusted him at the air-pump. Fong had
even gone down successfully with the suit
that had the oxygen gas-tank attachment.

  After supper, while Manning and Hooper
smoked, Fong clattcred with the dishes,
then poked his head in at the door.

  “Me go along Chinatown now,” he said.
“You wan’ something mo’?”

  “You’ll bunk here tonight, Hooper?
Fong, fix up a bed. Got plenty of hot
water?”

  “That all fix,” said Fong with a grin.
He had an uncanny way of forestalling
things but Manning wondered a little. “I
sabe him stop,” Fong went on. “I fix um
bed, put out pajamas, fix um wateh fo’
bath. All time I sabe Cap’n Hoopeh.
Plenty too much he skinny now, but I sabe
him along that time Tahiti. Sabe him
ship. T’lee masts. Schooneh.”

His grin widened at the look of astonish-
ment on both their faces. Manning knew
the capacity of Fong’s memory. Hooper
narrowed his eyes and then his face cleared.
“You knew my cook, Qui Ling?”

  “Sure. Qui Ling sabe me. Plenty.
Where Qui Ling now?”

  A shadow darkened Hooper’s face.

  “I don’t know, Fong. I wish I did. I
hope he’s safe.”

“Huh! Qui Ling he plenty sabe to take
care of Qui Ling. He win fo’ty dollar from
me that time along Tahiti. Goo’ night.”
“There’s an endorsement,” said Manning
as the door closed.

  “Out of the sky.”

  “Good enough for me,” rejoined Man-
ning. “I’m glad it happened, Hooper
No Man’s Island

7

 Not that I doubted you but for your own
 sake.”

   “I’m glad myself. I’ve got a queer yarn
 to spin. Where are those charts?”
 Manning produced the roll and Hooper
 selected one of them. He flattened it on
 the table Fong had cleared, weighting it
 down with books, and picked up a pencil,
 poising it for a minute and then bringing it
 down with a light swoop that left a dot on
 the map in a wide space of ocean.

    “There it is,” he^, said. “Due north of
 faster Island, close to the line. One
 hundred and nine-twenty, east longitude,
 three-seventeen south. I won’t swear to
 the exact reckoning, but it’s close enough,
 and it’s the only landfall within thirteen
 hundred miles, north, south, east or west.
 I got at the figures with some difficulty.
 But they’ll serve.”

    “All right,” said Manning, his eye's on the
  tiny speck. “Go ahead, Hooper.”

    “I am going to cut it as short as possible,”
  said Hooper. “It’s all past history. If
  you are interested when I get through I’ll
  enlarge on details.

   “Here is Huapai.” He used the pencil
 again' to indicate the position. “Lies
 between the Paumotus and the Tubuai
 Archipelago.’ Belongs to neither. The
 chief I bought it from owed no sovereignty
 to France. It was my headquarters. I
 went in for pearls, hunting virgin lagoons,
 looking up half-born atolls, where there is no
 soil on the reef as yet with the coral awash.
 They are the richest. I was a pearl pros-
 pector and I made a study of the game.
 Both of finding and selling.

   “I had been holding ever since the war
 started, waiting for it to end and prices to
 go up. But I forgot about the pearls after I
 read about Belgium. All my news came by
 way of Tahiti and I got it in chunks. I
 thought America would have to get into the
 scrap. I knew I would, sooner or later.
 The Lusitania settled it. I started for San
 Francisco in the Moanamanu on a four-
 thousand - mile trip, as a steamer would
 v make it. I took my pearls along. I didn’t
 know just what I was going to do except
 to offer j»y services as sailing-master.

    “I had a vague idea of buying or building
 a fast chaser for submarines with my pearl
 sales. I thought they would have their
 U-boats in the Pacific before long. I took
 along my supercargo, Thompson, who was
 as eager 'to get into it as I was, Neilssen,

first mate of the schooner, Scandinavian and
neutral, ’Pulu, the second mate, Tahitian,
and my full^crew of Tahiti boys. I figured
to send them all back under ’Pulu from
San Francisco, either in the schooner or by
steamer.

  “We barely got half-way. The wind
failed between the trades, as usual, but we
had worked up to about two hundred miles
south and west of Clipperton Island when
the German raider came tearing opt of the
eye of the sun and chucked a shell across
our bows. It was heave to or sink. We
flew the American flag and you’d have
thought us small game for them but we
suited their purpose; all was fair to them in
war, and they took us.

  “I wasn’t overpolite to them. They
couldn’t understand why I had nothing in
the hull and only a little trade stuff aboard
and I told them plainly that I was on my
way up to the U. S. A. to join in the scrap.
I wasn’t even politic. I was boiling over
at the time. The raider sent an ober-
leutnant aboard by the name of Steiner and
I insisted on pretending his name was
Schweiner. Which didn’t help matters.

  “He told me America would never get
into the war, unless it was on the side of
Germany. He told me the vessels in the
Pacific trade were getting a bit shy of
raiders and that they were going to use the
Moanamanu for a decoy. They shipped
off ’Pulu, all the native boys and Qui Ling,
my cook, in two of my boats to get to land
as best they could. Let them take grub
and water and let me give them their
reckoning and a compass. ’Pulu is a good
man and I hope they made it. They were
right in the equatorial counter-current and
that helped them. Neilssen they took
aboard the raider.

  “Thompson wasn’t backward about say-
ing how he felt about things and Steiner,
after he had signaled the raider, told us we
two were too eager to get into the fighting
to be given a seat in the boats. We might
get through. So we were to be kept on the
schooner because they were a bit crowded on
the raider. That was a fast steamer taken
from some South American line, German
owned. I wouldn’t wonder if it had been
built with the purpose in mind. Steiner
brought a few men aboard and they tried
to make me and Thompson help navigate.
When we wouldn’t they stowed us in the
trade-room.
8

Adventure

•	“They fitted up a wireless on the
schooner. The raider would stay below
the horizon and the schooner would sail
along, sending out S. O. S. signals and flying
a flag of distress. When a ship would
answer, giving position and coming up, the
raider would get ready. And Thompson
and I would see the whole thing through the
ports.

  “It worked well. They didn’t get my
pearls. I stowed them in a belt the
minute they fired the shell at me and, when
I knew we wejre to be kept aboard and how
they were going to use the schooner, I hid
them in a safe place before they thought to
search me. If I couldn’t have them myself
I wasn’t going to make them a present of a
quarter of a million dollars’ worth of
pearls.

“NEVER mind the details of what
they did. The war’s over. They
played their game too long. It
couldn’t last forever. Landed or picked-up
boats’ crews gave the details and an Austra-
lian battle-cruiser came scooting up over the
horizon one afternoon under forced draft,
flinging steel. There was a nasty sea run-
ning; it was working up to a gale, but it
would have done your heart good to see that
shooting. The raider was making a run-
ning fight of it and both of them came up
fast toward us in the schooner where
Thompson and I had our eyes glued to the
glass of the ports, yelling at every hit. I
imagine the raider made all of twenty-two
knots but the cruiser was on top of her
with thirty, with bigger guns and longer
range.

  “It was like boys throwing rocks at a can
in a mill-pond, with the raider the can, and
mighty accurate throwing. Lead-colored
sea, leaden clouds over the lowering sun,
the lead-colored cruiser coming up hand
over hand, spewing fire and steel, and the
raider limping along over the angry sea,
going down a mass of smoke and flame,
stern first.

  “Then they turned their attention to us.
I don’t suppose they knew we were aboard.
That was part of the fortune of war. I’ll
say this for Steiner. He knew how to
handle my schooner. It was getting dark;
wind and sea were heavy; we were a hard
mark to hit and, though we could only guess
at what they were doing on deck, I know he
shortened canvas and reduced the target

while keeping all sail she could stand in that
gale.

  “Squalls were breaking and Steiner sailed
right into the heart of one, clawing into it,
curtained off from the cruiser. It must
have blotted us right out, but the cruiser
kept after us and one shell got our main-
mast, grooving half its thickness away.

  “We fled through that night like a booby
with a broken wing before a hurricane.
The mainmast went by the board and we
could hear them trampling the deck and
cutting the mast away where it banged
against the side. A gale is always worst
to those below. It seemed to me the
hardest I have ever known. Every hour
that wind strengthened. We couldn’t keep
our feet, and slid about the floor in the
lurch and lunge of the schooner. They had
taken all the furnishings out of the trade-
room but the shelves, a small table and a
couple of chairs, but we had a rare time
dodging those in the dark, with a flash of
phosphorus whenever a wave surged along
over the ports. The Moanamanu was flung
from surge to surge like a chip in a millrace.
Helm and sail useless. I’ve an idea we
were under bare poles, with maybe a rag of
headsail.

  “We lost the cruiser, inevitably. I reckon
it was about two in the morning when we
struck. I’m combining what I learned
later with what I knew at the time, Man-
ning. Somewhere about two in the morn-
ing we hit the outer reef of the island
Steiner named Scfnvarzklippen—Black Cliffs.
It was a thousand to one shot that we ever
struck it though currents may have helped
swing us to it. It has a double reef. There
are two entrances, not opposite each other,
and we didn’t find either of them in that
welter of storm.

  “We hurdled that first barrier without
striking and we crashed across the inner
reef with the coral ripping out the lower
strakes and leaving us hung up by one jag
of rock in her stem, bows down and in the
lagoon, wind and wave still battering at us.

  “Even that gale could not do much to
that twice-belted lagoon. The spume was
flying like wet snow in a blizzard and the
wind lashed at the sheltered water but,
compared to the turmoil outside, it was a
millpond. Steiner got off two boats. One
splintered into toothpicks when it was
launched.

  “They may have forgotten us. But they
No Man’s Island

9

left us in the traderoom, locked up. We
tore the shelves down and used the table
and chairs for clubs and rams with the
water rising fast to our waists on the slant-
ing floor. Once the schooner lurched and
we went down, striking out in that trap,
believing it was all over.

  “But we smashed the door down and
scraped through the panels, scrambling on
deck and going overside just as a big wave,
all streaky with green fire, came thundering
over the outer reef, shattered, gathered
itself, came on and spent its strength on
the stern of the old Moanamanu, sending it
to the bottom in ten fathoms, well inside the
lagoon, my pearls inside of her.

  “Thompson and I made a little beach in a
bit of a cove that bottomed a wrinkle in an
obsidian cliff. Black sand, we found it,
when the dawn came. Thompson had his
scalp torn somehow and I was badly bruised.
But we were safe for the time and we found
some mussels to chew. No water, no fire.
We were glad to lie in the sun and nurse
ourselves for a bit.

  “We didn’t know then if the Germans
had got ashore or not. But, while we were
talking things over, a whale-boat passed us
with Steiner in the stern sheets and the men
rowing the German man-of-war stroke,
choppy and hard. They saw us but paid
no attention. They were out looking for
stuff from the wreck. Presently they came
back, loaded up, and went by us S.s if we
had been a couple of penguins. In an hour
or so they returned and picked us up.

  “Schwarzklippen is made up of a hollow
crater with a narrow promontory leading to
a cone. That cone is covered with bush and
palms. The inner walls of the crater,
sloping to the lagoon, the same, with two or
three streams cascading down all the time.
On the slope facing the sea the wall is
terraced, partly by nature, partly by man,
and paved with great blocks a fathom long.

  “On the lower terrace there are great
images of gray lava with crowns of red
tufa on their heads, all the way from four
feet to forty on their pedestals, staring out
to sea. The same sort of images they have
on Easter Island. Put there by the same
prehistoric race, I imagine. The natives on
the island are a tribe of Melanesians under a
chief named Tiburi. They have only been
there for about five generations and they
know nothing about the origin of the stat-
ues. They only worship them.

  “Behind the statues there are caves run-
ning away back and communicating with
caves on the beach below them that are
filled with water, even at ebb tide. Steiner
made his camp on the terrace. Thompson
and I were allowed to build a grass house
on the beach. They kept the whale-boat
in one of the lower caves, with the oars and
mast taken up to the camp when they were
not used.

  “Thompson and I were allowed to do all
the work we could stagger under. We
fished for them and gathered fruit and did
kitchen chores. We were prisoners to them,
who were also prisoners of the sea. I don’t
know that they treated us overbadly though
they weren’t overconsiderate.

  “The natives came around in canoes that
first afternoon and some of them clambered
down trails on the crater slopes. They
tried to make a demonstration and got the
worst of it. Steiner had managed to get
arms ashore and some ammunition. Later
he made friends with them, in a wav.
They thought he and his men were gods.
They had a different idea about us until we
convinced ’em to the contrary.

  “Steiner showed Tiburi a few tricks and
fixed up some sort of a pact that lasted until
they began to get familiar with the women
and carried off some of the younger ones.
Then Tiburi sulked and went off to the
cone. He was still afraid of the guns.
Some of the natives stuck with Steiner,
those who didn’t get along with Tiburi, for
one reason and another.

  “They showed Steiner and his crowd how
to make kawa and white alcohol from the
root of the ti plant. They began to spend
most of their time drinking and singing
and Steiner’s authority weakened.t Disci-
pline got slack and Tiburi attacked. But
they beat him off. The promontory is a
regular knife-edge and Steiner didn’t dare
tackle it to clean them up.

  “They made us rig a flagstaff for them
on top of the cliff and the women made a
flag of bark paper and colored it red, white
and black. It was flying day by day for a
possible ship. We hauled up wood for a
signal - fire but there was small chance
of using it. Steiner had his sextant and
saved a chronometer and worked out the
position, as I gave it to you. I fancy he
was accurate. I got it out of one of the men
when he was drunk. It looked hopeless enough.
The island is uncharted and likely to be.”
10

Adventure

  “But they had their boat,” saidJManning.
“Why didn’t they provision up and get
away?”

  “The boat wouldn’t hold more than six-
teen and there were twenty-three of them,”
said Hooper. “They talked about it but
none of them would consent to stay and let
the rest go. Afraid what Tiburi would do
to them. They’d have gone into the ovens,
and they knew it. Steiner suggested draw-
ing lots but they wouldn’t hear to it. And
there was no hardwood on the island to
build a ship with. Nothing but brush and
palms and pithwood trees.

        “THEY fished up a spar or so from
the schooner, with odds and ends of
line and tarpaulin and canvas, but
they couldn’t lift the hull. I used to look
at it when we were fishing in the lagoon or
out on the inner reef. The knowledge my
pearls were there, safe, kept me going, kept
up my resolution to get away. Two of the
men watched down on the beach each
night, armed, both to prevent our stealing
the boat or letting the natives get it.

  “Our clothes wore out and our shoes.
We went native fashion and Thompson and
I got covered with yaws and coral scratches.
They kept us working as long as we could
standfand any of them thought of some-
thing for us to do. We had twenty-three
masters to serve.

  “I meant to steal the whale-boat and
make for the Marquesas and Thompson
was game. The Galapagos were out of the
question with the prevailing winds and the
south equatorial current against us. It
seemed a crazy scheme for twofhalf-starved
men to tackle with scant chance of pro-
visioning—seventeen hundred miles in an
open boat. But we were half-crazy, I
reckon. >

  “V. e made a couple of paddles and a mast
and hid them. We braided a big mat sail
from pandcmus, working in the dark when
they thought we were asleep. I stole bits
of rope for rigging and spliced them. We
dried fish and Thompson stole two' cala-
bashes from the natives for water. At the
last we gathered a lot of young coconuts to
supplement them.

  “The night we got away it was moonless
and still. The crowd was howling out
songs on the terrace until midnight, when
it died down. We sneaked up on our
guards. They were careless by this time

and figured we hadn’t any spirit left. Never
dreamed of us tackling the open boat, I
reckon. We strong-armed them, tied them
up and gagged them, and we got clear.

  “There was a wind outside the reef and
by morning we were well away. Maybe
they sent canoes after us but we never saw
them. I won’t tell you what we went
through. Don’t recollect a quarter of it.
We didn’t make the Marquesas. A Peru-
vian bark picked us up on the Callao-
Honolulu run, half-mummies, half-maniacs.
They brought us to Hilo, half-dead when
we got there. Later they shipped us to
Honolulu to the Sailors’ Home after the
bark had left.

  “All the data they had was we had been
picked up at sea in a whale-boat, which they
hadn’t brought along. Thompson is still
in bad shape. He didn’t have as much sur-
plus to lose as I did. I saw him this
morning. He’s coming round. I told you
they dismissed me the day before yester-
day.

  “Of course I found out the war had ended
while we were on Schwarzklippen but I
didn’t realize just what that meant. I had
dreamed of getting a cruiser to go down
there, or a destroyer, and seeing Steiner
and his crowd rounded up. But—the war
is over.

  “I saw the shipping commissioner here
yesterday. A man with the blood and
eyes of a fish. He didn’t believe me.

  “ "It’s a good varn, my man,’ he says.
‘Pity you haven’t any proof of it.’

  “ ‘We haven’t signed peace with Ger-
many,’ I told him. ‘There are twenty-
three Germans waiting to be interned and
punished for raiding.:

  “ ‘They may be there and they may be
not,’ he said. ‘You say the island is un-
charted. It’s a good place for them.
They’ra interned all right. Good morning.
If you want to ship I can put you in the way
of a berth.’

  “I went to see the commandant of the
Naval yard and I didn’t get past the sentry
at the gate.”

  “Sending down after them wouldn’t get
you back your pearls,” said Manning.
“Even if they took you with them you
couldn’t expect them to provide a diver.”

  “I realize that. But what about ’Polu
and my Kanakas? What about the rest of
the crews they sent off in boats? The war
is over but they kept me out of it,-
No Man’s Island

ii

them! And they still stand between me and
the pearls.”

   “Not to mention Tiburi,” put in Man-
ning.

   “Those are the risks I told you of. I
made one more trial. This morning. There
is a man here named Butler. He is a
factor. Supplies the plantations with every-
thing they need. And he has other big
interests. I met him in Tahiti. Put him
up at the club and entertained him. If I
ever came to Honolulu he was going to
reciprocate. You know the usual thing.

   “When I got in to him by sending in my
 name I saw he put me down for a fake.
 Twenty-five pounds lost and these, clothes
 robbed me of any resemblance to Hooper of
 Huapai. He told me frankly he didn’t
 believe I was the same man. To him I was
 just a beach-comber. I didn’t give any-
 thing away beyond the fact that I could
 make it worth his while to outfit me to an
 island that wasn’t charted. I didn’t even
 mention the German end of it.

   “He cut me short.

   “ ‘If it’s a mysterious island with buried
 treasure, or a stranded galleon, or a won-
 derful pearl lagoon,’ he said, ‘I’m not
 biting.’

  “And then he mentioned the Cocos
Island fake. He started to put his hand
in his pocket but he didn’t take it out.
When I began to eye him I fancy he
thought for the first time I might be
Hooper of Huapai after all, but I was down
and out and he was not dealing with dere-
licts.”

   “You didn’t mention the position of the
 island to any one?”

  “I didn’t get a chance. You are the
only one who knows the whole yarn, Man-
ning. It’s up to you. It’s -wild enough
but it’s true, every word of it.”

   Manning stretched out his hand to the
other above the map.

   “I believe it,” he said. “What do you
' want to do?”

Ill

 FONG looked in upon the conference
 of two, his moon face at the full,
 clear shining with the information
 he divulged that he had won “slixty dolla
 at Chinese lottely.” Manning looked at the
 clock.

   It was a quarter after three. For hours

 they had talked and planned, Hooper going
 over his narrative to the smallest details at
 the diver’s request. As Fong entered
 Hooper was telling where the pearls were
 hidden.

  “They had locked Thompson and me in
the traderoom after the crew got in the
boats and started. Steiner went to the
raider for further orders concerning us, I
suppose; perchance to confirm his own plan
of keeping Thompson and me aboard the
schooner. They hadn’t searched us as yet
but I was taking no chances of their over-
looking that. And I got busy, with
Thompson.

  “There was tobacco on the traderoom
shelves, package stuff in leadfoil, And we
stripped a lot of that off and put the tobacco
in an empty tin. There were crackers in
waxed paper inside their cartons and we
took the paper and left the crackers. One
of my best-bet trading-gifts had been rubber
hot-water bottles. There is a lot of tooth-
ache and bellyache in the islands and once I
had introduced a chief to the comfort of a
hot-water bag, they were all crazy for them.
There were two or three of these along.

  “I made up the pearls in long slim pack-
ages that would gp down the neck of the
bag and I wrapped them, first in waxed
paper and then in leadfoil. I screwed
down the metal stopper hard and fast and
Thompson sealed it up with sounding-wax
while I got his kit of tools and went to
work on the floor.

  “The hull ran under the traderoom, which
was amidships. There was a hatch used
mostly for ventilation and I lifted this.
It was framed for the width of the trade-
room floor, and the space between that and
the hull ceiling, where it had been furred
down between the beams. That was the
risky part, for I was afraid some one would
rubber through the skylight at us. Thomp-
son kept a lookout and they didn’t think
of it.

  “So I carefully pried out one side of the
frame and knocked out the furring till I
could reach in to a transverse beam.
Thompson, while he watched, took his oil-
skin that hung in the room and ripped the
seams. He wrapped up the rubber bag in
the back and then pulled the two sleeves
over that, making a package of it. I muffled
my hammer-head in my handkerchief and
spiked that package to the transverse
beam, replaced the frame and chucked the
12

Adventure

rest of the oilskin out of the port. Then
my empty belt. Ten minutes later Steiner
came in with two men and went through us
and the traderoom. They took everything
of value we had, including all papers.
They took the stores away. Steiner lifted
the hatch and peered into the hold. They
fastened the ports and then Uhe skylight
and went away again. •

  “ The pearls are safe, Manning. Those
transverse beams won’t rot, even under
water, for fifty years. They are selected
oak. The rubber might rot a bit but it will
hang together in the oilskin package and the
foil and wax paper will preserve the pearls.
Even if they dull a trifle, we can bring back
the full lusterjby contact with a healthy
body or, at the worst, they can be skinned.
And their price is going up all the time.

  “The upper deck blew up a bit under
air-pressure when she went down but the
traderoom floor is in place. They are
safe and waiting for us.”

  “Good!”

  Manning picked up a sheet of paper on
which he had made some memoranda and
read it over.

  “I’ll attend to the money end of it first
thing in the morning,” he said. “Or, I
should say, later this morning. While you
see Thompson and refit yourself a bit.
Then we’ll go after the ship, the stores and
the crew.”

  “It isn’t going to be easy to find ship or
men, I’m afraid,” said Hooper. “But we
may have luck. You, Fong and your three
men will be practically passengers. I’ll
try and land a mate to share watch and
work with me on the navigation end.
Eight sailormen, if we can scare up that
many, will be enough. With Thompson,
that brings the crew to sixteen. I’d like to
get a few more men who would be good in a
scrap. There’s Tiburi and there are Steiner
and his crowd. They don’t know the war’s
over and they may show fight. They
would probably try to capture us and take
over our ship. They wouldn’t be apt to let
us dive peaceably. Steiner is smart enough
to figure that we were after something
worth while.

  “You said there were twenty-three of
them,” said Manning. “Half of them
armed.”

  “Seven rifles and five automatics in the
bunch. Steiner has two of the pistols
himself.”

  Hooper began to laugh, silently at first,
then in a hearty peal.

  “What’s the joke?” asked Manning.

  “I’m thinking of Steiner, interned or
marooned, whichever you please, knowing
nothing of what has happened. He may
figure the war is over by this time but he’ll
figure it his way. That Germany owns the
earth and is putting a fence around it. I’m
laughing at the thought of his face when the
news sinks in. Manning, I’m going to get
hold of a bunch of newspapers, back num-
bers. I’Jl pick the ones that’ll rub it in
and I’ll see he gets them, first thing after
we arrive. It may stop a nasty fight.
They may kamerad it. Though I doubt it.
But I want to watch Steiner reading those
papers. It’ll be funny. Now let’s turn in.”
They were both down-town at eight
o’clock, Hooper visiting his sick supercargo,
whose convalescence took an immediate
upward trend at the news, and then re-
habilitating himself at the Fort Street
stores with money advanced by Manning.
When the latter met him, close to noon, he
saw a different Hooper in the tall, lean man,
straight as a plumb-line, striding briskly in a
suit of stiff pongee silk and a Panama. He
was still the sailor but now he was eminently
the commander.

  “Hooper of Huapai, all right,” com-
mented Manning to himself. “I’ll warrant
Butler would have listened to him if he had
gone to him in those duds. And the sentry
would have passed him. Their loss is my
gain.’’

  “What luck?” Hooper hailed him.

  “Men are scarce but you’ll be better able
to handle that than I can. But I doubt if
we’ll be able to pick our crew. I cabled
my bank in San Francisco. The money
will be here by noon. And I’ve got word of
a schooner. Of course I’m no judge of
what will suit us but it seems the only one
available, if we can charter it. I have let
slip a hint that we are on the track of v
guano island. I thought it might be as wel
not to be too secret. Questions are bound
to be asked. We can be mysterious about
it and let it appear that we are trying to
cover up the leak.”

  “Good!” said Hooper. “Tell me about
the schooner.”

  “It’s the Mary L. Was a pleasure craft.
Well fitted. About ninety tons. Belonged
to a man who was killed in the war. His
widow has no use for it. One or two have
No Man’s Island

13

spoken about buying it for island yachting,
but it is too big for most of them. It has an
auxiliary engine and a wireless.”

  “Fine. We don’t need the wireless but
we do the engine. Talk price?”

  “I’m to see the owner this afternoon.
But perhaps you’ll do that.”

  “Not me. You do tiie negotiations. I’ll
look over the Mary L. Sounds pretty good.
We evidently can’t afford to be fussy.”

  The Mary L. suited Hooper. She was
pretty luxuriously fitted up aft but she was
roomy and she had good lines for speed.

  “If they’ll let us put up a temporary
partition in the main cabin to give us some
privacy aft,” he told Manning, “she’ll suit
first rate if they don’t want a fortune for
the charter.”

  “They want three thousand dollars for
six months,” answered Manning. “They
won’t take less money or shorten the time
of the charter. And I shall have to put up
a bond for seven thousand more in case we
don’t bring her back.”

  Hooper whistled.

  “The lady is some financier,” he said.
“Not that the charter price is so much but
she seems business-like.”

  “She talked with her business adviser
over the phone before she’d.give me an
answer. Her brother-in-law. I can man-
age the bond easily by putting up some
California real estate as security. I talked
with the man myself. Who do you sup-
pose it is?”

  “Who?”

  “Your friend Butler.”

  Hooper whistled again.

  “There’s an element of humor in that,”
he said. “More than one element. I
suppose he doesn’t know I’m in on the deal.
But he may guess, and he’s bound to find
out. The main joke is that Butler owns a
fertilizer-mill; he supplies the plantations
with fertilizer and if he gets wind of the
guano yam you started, he’ll be wild.
Wouldn’t wonder if he tried to horn in,
after all.”

  “The joke is on him, at all events,”
said Manning. “Then I’ll get in touch
with him and we’ll start cabling about the
security. We may have to wait till the
deeds arrive on the next steamer.”

  “That’s all right. The schooner has
got to go on the marine railroad. She’s
foul. It will take several days to outfit
and get the crew together. I’ll start

Thompson on the provisioning end in a
couple of days. He’s well enough now to
make out lists. See if you can get permis-
sion to start cleaning the schooner right
away. They can’t lose on that. If the
charter money is put up they ought not
to kick. And I’ll scout for men.”

MEN came slowly though they
offered big wages. Two Hooper prac-
tically shanghaied from a ship in the
harbor. Others dribbled in. Few of them
could have been described as able seamen
but Hooper saw promise enough in them for
him to sign them. Sometimes a good man
showed after an indifferent one had been
taken, but the partners decided that an extra
man or so would do no harm.

  They were a mixed-pickle lot, the sailors,
American, English, Finn, Swede, Dutch,
negro and Kanakas. Fong supplied an
engineer for the kicker engine that was
capable of eight knots and meant much in
crossing windless patches of sea on both
sides of the equator, and bucking currents.
The engineer was also Chinese, a man who
had run into tong trouble and was glad to
get away. His name was Ling and Fong
guaranteed him, which was enough for
Manning, who knew a good deal about
engines himself.

  But, with the bond provided for, the Mary
L off the marine railroad, outfitted, ready to
start, they were still short of their comple-
ment. They had almost decided to sail
short-handed when the man named Edwards
appeared upon the scene. Hooper and
Manning were aboard the schooner, now
moored to the lading-wharf. Thompson
was supervising stowage and the mate that
Hooper had turned up was having the
standing rigging overhauled.

  This mate, Andersen, had had a row
with his skipper and he was a lush when
he could get hold of liquor. But the Mary
L was to be a prohibition ship and the man
was a good sailor who could handle men and
work out a reckoning.

  The partners stood in the bows talking
when Edwards boarded, spoke to Andersen
and then made his way forward, cap in
hand, deferential, capable - looking. He
addressed himself to Hooper, who was now
in skipper’s serge, brass-buttoned, peak-
capped.

  “I understand you are looking for men,
sir?” he began.
14

Adventure

  “Well?” Manning surveyed the appli-
cant approvingly, and Hooper seemed to
endorse his attitude. “What capacity?”
“Steward, for myself, sir. With willing-
ness to make myself generally useful. I
can take my trick at the wheel, I can handle
that wireless for you, I can wait on table
and I don’t mind helping out in the galley.”
“Why are you out of a berth?”

  “I’ve been trying it ashore, sir. ’ I have
been head luna on a plantation, that is a
head foreman of the bosses of the Japanese
cane-gangs. It don’t suit me. I can give,
plenty of references, sir. I was head
steward on the Moana, one time. And I
can turn up a few men for you. I have
understood” —he lowered his voice— “that
you needed them for some sort of guard-
duty. I can get you four good men, lunas
who have been under me.”

  It was plain he had heard the guano rumor
that was current and thought that guards
might be left on the island to hold off other
comers. The idea struck the partners
favorably. The steward was a frank-look-
ing chap, glib, but that was not ’out of the
way in his profession, neatly dressed. They
had not thought of a steward but Fong
would have his work cut out in the galley.
The four lunas provided an inducement.

  “When can you turn up these men?”
asked Hooper. “And what wages do they
want?”

  “I’ll bring them down tomorrow, sir.
They’ll be off duty. They’re fair sick of
handling Japs. I fancy your wages will
suit.”

  “And what’s your name?”

  “Edwards. Williams Edwards.”

  The upshot of it was that the five were
engaged and the complement completed.
Twenty-one all told.

  The start had been originally scheduled
for the early morning flood but a delay in
important stores threatened to put it off,
until the afternoon. Hooper fumed silently
while Thompson went up-town to find out
the trouble. Everything was shipshape
aboard the Mary L. There was a stiff
breeze blowing outside the harbor when the
halt came. Hooper paced the wharf im-
patiently with Manning.	•

  “It’s the dynamite,” he said. “I’ve half
a mind to sail without it but it’s apt to
come in uncommonly useful in more ways
than one. I’m not sure about the opening
in the inner reef, for one thing. We may

have to blast it. But this delay’s bad for
discipline; looks as if we had slipped a
cog in our arrangements. We can hardly
get it now unless Thompson jimmies his
way into the st*re- He might do that.
Tommy’s a handy lad when he gets going.
But he’ll have to have it down here inside
of an hour or we lose the tide. And we
can’t have the crew loafing. Andersen hasn’t
got the initiative of a drowning cat.”

  He went aboard and Manning heard him
issuing orders, to which the crew jumped
with feverish energy, polishing brass and
coiling down sheets and halyards anew. It
was a few minutes after six o’clock. No
stores or warehouses would open for almost
two hours. They would lose the tide. Yet
he held a faint hope in Thompson’s ability
to deliver. The supercargo had gone off
at boiling-point.

  A car came down the water-front and
braked at the wharfhead. Out of it stepped
Butler, the factor, and Manning stared at
him in amazement to see him out at such
an hour, evidently with business on the
Mary L. For a moment he wondered if
anything had turned up against them.
Butler was not the sort of gentleman to
turn out at dawn merely to say good-by
to the men who had chartered his sister-in-
law’s schooner yacht. He might have begun
to change his mind about Hooper, but
Manning did not think Butler the sort to
make an apology.

   The object of the visit flashed in his mind
suddenly. Butler had heard about the
guano. He either wanted to get into part-
nership at the last moment, or, more likely,
get an option on their supposed prospect.
Manning chuckled silently as Butler ap-
proached him with an evident pose of try-
ing to appear as if an early-morning trip
to the water-front was his usual appetizer.
Hooper had gone below.

  “Good morning. Going out on this tide?
I happened to hear that you were expected
to clear this morning. I see you have left
the wireless?” added Butler, looking up to
where the delicate aerials stretched between
the fore and main.

  “Yes. It was specified in the' contract
that nothing was to be dismantled, if you
remember,” said Manning dryly.

   “Was it? I just glanced through it. Well,
it doesn’t interfere. Wanted to wish you
good luck.”

   “Good of you to turn out for that.”
No Man’s Island

15

  Manning did not bother to cover up the
sarcasm he felt. With the deal closed, he
had scant use for the factor, remembering
how he had treated Hooper. And just then
Hooper came on deck and to the gang-
plank, staring at Butler with cold eyes but
not halting his stride toward Manning.

  “My partner, Captain Hooper, Mr. But-
ler. Captain Thomas Hooper of Huapai.”
Hooper nodded curtly but Butler was too
clever a business man to show confusion.

  “I met Captain Hooper some days ago,”
he said, “and I have met him before. But
I didn’t recognize him and I told him so
rather bluntly. You can’t blame me,
Hooper,” he went on with a show of frank-
ness that if it was insincere, was admirably
acted. “I’m sorry, but you looked like
anything but the man I met at Tahiti.
If there is anything I can do now?”

  “I don’t think so,” returned Hooper.
“Thank you just the same. I did look like
a derelict. In a way, I was.” The two
measured glances.

  “Look here, you two,” said Butler. “I
understand you’re after guano. You’ve
tried to keep it dark, naturally, but I picked
it up. If you land what you’re after come
and see me. I’ll talk business with you and
I’ll see if I can’t treat you better this time,
Hooper. I can make it an object. If you
want capital to develop, or will sell out-
right, give me the first chance. I’m in-
terested in fertilizer two ways: making it
and selling it. We need the urates, oxalates
and phosphates in the stuff. Bring me
samples and an idea of the depth of the
deposits and maybe I can make my peace
with you for the interview we had the other
morning. I’m sorry for that.”

- Manning left the talking to Hooper. It
was his affair. There was no hint of a
twinkle in Hooper’s eyes as he answered.

  “If we find anything good in that line
I’ll come to see you, Butler,” be said.

“Fine. Nothing else I can do for you?”
“I think not.” A figure came hurrying
down the wharf. It was Thompson, his
face scarlet with mortification and anger.

  “Nothing doing,” he exclaimed. “The
stuff’s there, marked and ready, but it got
left over last night. Found the watchman
but he wouldn’t loosen. Butler and Com-
pany have got a fine system, I don’t
think.”

  “Coming from Butler’s was it, Thomp-
son?”

  “Yes. Only place in town we could get
the stuff.”

  “Well, this is Mr. Butler.” There was a
twinkle in Hooper’s eyes now. “We’re held
up on this tide by some boxes your ware-
house failed to deliver, Mr. Butler. Wonder
if you could help us out?” He looked to-
ward the car. “They are fneither big nor
heavy.”

  “Of course,” said the factor promptly.
“Let your man come up with me and point
them out. I’ll bring them down myself.
Glad to oblige.”

  He turned to Manning as Thompson
went off with Butler.

  “I’ll bet you an even hundred Butler
doesn’t come down with the dynamite,” he
offered.

  Manning laughed and shook his head.
“He may not even risk his car. But I
think he’ll do that much. He seems to
want that guano badly. And he’ll imagine
dynamite will be used for blasting to de-
termine the depths of deposit. I wish he
had to Imng by his feet till we showed him
the samples.”

  “You don’t like him?”

  “No. He’s a cutthroat in business.”
  “There are others.”

SIN FIFTEEN minutes the car,
which had gone off at high speed,
came back gingerly on to the wharf,
Thompson alone in the tonneau with the
boxes of explosive.

  “Butler had an appointment up-town,”
he said. There was a trace of a grin on the
face of Butler’s driver.

  “Hustle them aboard, Tommy. We’ll
make the tide after all.”

  Edwards had been standing by the rail.
He touched his steward’s cap as Hooper
and Manning went aboard.

  “How soon will you have breakfast, sir?”
he askpd. He had already served them hot
coffee.

  “Soon as we clear the bell-buoy. Make
it half an hour.”

  “Very good, sir.”

  “Capable man, that,” Hooper said to
Manning.

  “Yes. Gets on well with the crew. Got
a vein of good humor that’s catching. But
Fong don’t like him.”

  “No? Too nosey about the galley per-
haps. What’s Fong’s verdict?”

 “Too-slick.”
i6

Adventure

  They laughed as they watched the care-
ful stowage of the dynamite.

  “The men are going to wonder about
that,” Manning went on. “Are you going
to let them stick to the guano idea?”
“Might as well for the present. All ready,
Tommy? All right, Mr. Andersen.”
Ordered bustle took place. The spring
cables were cast off, the canvas hoisted and
the Mary L., heeling to the wind a little,
started to slide down-channel with the
breeze aft, gathering way, sailing past the
channel lighthouse with a fine burst of
speed. The keeper waved them a friendly
greeting.

  “She can walk,” said Hooper. “Good
lines to her. Easy entry and a sweet run.
But I’m glad she’s got an engine aboard,
for all that.”

  Once about the bell-buoy the partners
went down to breakfast. The partition
that had been put up in the overlarge main
cabin gave them privacy. There was a
door in it through which Edwards served
their meal from the ’midships galley. Ander-
sen, who ate at their table, had the deck.

  “The course to Schwarzklippen is almost
due southeast,” said Hooper. “I’ve set it
sou’east by east to clear Kauna Point; that’s
the southwest cape on Hawaii. Once round
the Bib Island and we’ll start on our best
point of sailing, a long, long reach with a
short leg now and then to fetch up leeway.
And we’ll go kiting. The Mary L.’ll do
better than twelve.”

  He spoke with enthusiasm and Manning
shared it. They were off at last and all
obstacles seemed cleared until they reached
the island. The little turn with Butler had
furnished a happy touch. Each had an after
stateroom to himself. The spare room
was occupied in Manning’s quarters by his
diving-suits, which he had to overhaul, and
which he kept under his<pwn eyes when at
sea.

  The rest of his apparatus was stowed for-
ward. Hooper had the rifles and automatic
pistols with their ammunition stowed in his
spare berth and under it. The crew’s quar-
ters were a bit cramped but the weather was
fair and they would spend most of their
time on deck. The one problem that seemed
to vex Hooper was to find occupation for the
men who had shipped as guards. They
were a roughish lot but they seemed fit.

  “I don’t like idleness. It brews too much
loose talk,” he said. “Your men are dif-

ferent, Manning, but those chaps are prac-
tically passengers. I’ll have to keep them
busy. One thing will be target practise.
I want to see how they can shoot. We may
be able to pacify Tiburi; the news of the
papers I brought along may change the
attitude of Steiner, but it is as well to be
prepared.”

  He said this while Edwards was in the
galley. Ultimately they would have to
mention the pearls, as a valuable package be-
longing to Hooper that was to be salved from
a wreck. It seemed likely the men might
anticipate trouble with natives on the sup-
posed guano island. There had been talk
of it already and neither Hooper nor Manning
had contradicted it. The ex-lunas did not
seem afraid of the prospect.

  “You said you fancied that you were the
first white men who had touched on the
island,” said Manning.

  “Pretty sure of it.”

  “Then I’d surely be the first diver?”
  “Yes. Why?”

  “I’m not quite ready to tell you. But
I’ve got a scheme browsing round inside
my head,” said Manning. “Something in
connection with Tiburi.”

  Hooper nodded. He was getting used
to Manning’s slow but sure methods.

  “Coming on deck?” he asked as he pushed
back his coffee-cup; and they went up
together.

  The northeast trade blew strong and
steady and they sailed fast all day. At
nightfall Molokai was well behind. Abeam
of them were Lanai and Kahoolawe with
the loom of Maui’s ten-thousand-foot dead
crater back of them. Manning and Hooper
paced the afterdeck together, the latter in
charge of the deck until midnight.

  Behind the great mountain there showed
the shimmer of the rising moon. The sky
was bright, studded with stars, the Southern
Cross just above the horizon, to lift higher
for every night of their voyage. The
schooner went easily shouldering through
the seas, the wind abaft the beam, sheets
well in, with the boom ends to the leeward
rail, topsails set.

  Hooper was not satisfied however. The
man at the wheel did not suit him.

 “A good helmsman has the thing by
instinct,” he said to Manning. “This chap
sails by the card and he hasn’t got the feel
of her. He wants to keep her full and she’s
making too much leeway. I’ll have to try
No Man’s Island

17

 them all out but I don’t believe we’ve got a
 first-class steersman aboard, barring Ander-
 sen, and I don’t want a mate taking a trick.
 We’re losing time with that sort of chap.
 No good talking to him either.”

 The moon, like a disk of illuminated
 pearl, topped the fire-blasted peaks of
 Haleakala, poised there as if for flight and
 then soared upward. Manning watched
 the glory of it as Hooper turned toward the
 taffrail, impatient at the helmsman. Down
 in the cabin a clock chimed six bells. A
 sailor came aft and reported.

 “Make it six bells,” said Hooper, and
 walked to the ship’s bell, forward of the
 main companion, and struck the time.

 Edwards appeared from below and stood
 waiting. Manning noted the weatherwise
 way in which the steward cocked art eye at
 the topsails, then the wake. Hooper came
 aft again.

 *	“Would you. like coffee served on deck,
 sir?”

 “None for me. I want to sleep when I
 turn in. How about you, Manning?”

 “You’d have to put laudanum in it to
 keep me awake, but I don’t want any,
 thank you, Edwards.”

 The steward lingered.

 “If you’d like me to take a trick at the
 . wheel, sir,” he said, “I think I could get a
 little more out of her.”

 “You do, eh?” Hooper eyed him sharply.
 “Not tonight. You’ve been on your feet
 all day. But, if you can handle the spokes,
 I may use you, if it doesn’t interefere with
 your other work.

 “Yes, sir? Thank you, sir,” replied
 Edwards incuriously, and went below.

 “I wouldn’t wonder if he could steer,”
 said Hooper. “He’s a capable chap.”

 “Too-slick,” quoted Manning.

 Hooper laughed, looking aft. He sud-
 denly left Manning and went to the com-
 panionway where the night-glasses hung on
 a hook at the head of the stairs.

 “See that sail back there?” he asked his
 partner as he hooded the lenses and focused
 them.

 Manning saw something that looked like

 a silver of pearl, far astern.

 “Been trailing us all day- Overhauling

 us too. She’s got the legs of us.”

 “What is your idea?”

 Manning fancied that Hooper did not

 like the prospect. The skipper stood with

 his legs apart, balanced to the pitch and

 2

steady heave of the deck as the schooner
lunged through the seas.

, “Think they are following us on purpose?”
“Can’t say. Some one might think they
could hang on to us with a iaster craft until
we head up for the guano island and th^n
beat us to it for possession and nine points
of the law. Ten points in such a game.”
“You mean Butler?”

  “I don’t really mean any one. Just an
idea. We’ll know before long. But I’m
off Butler. I saw a bit of the real man in
his office that morning. He wants guano, it
seems. Better than gold-mining these days.
He might be playing both ends to the middle.
Grab it off if he can or arrange for an option
from us if he can’t do any better.”

  “Only there isn’t any guano.”

  “True enough. But I don’t like it.”

IV

HOOPER had the morning watch,
splitting deck duty with Andersen
in default of a second mate. When
Manning came on deck at seven he found
the skipper watching the trailing vessel of
the night before. She had gained con-
siderably in the night. Hooper handed
Manning the glasses just as the pursuer,
if that was her purpose, came about and
tacked across the stern of the Mary L.
about half a mile away.

  Through the powerful lenses Manning got
a fine view of her, a schooner with a black
hull, pointing high into the wind and cream-
ing through the crisp waves, sheets well in
for the tack, canvas unwrinkled—a beauti-
ful sight. Brass twinkled here and there
on her decks. Working up, she tacked
again, the crew tailing on to the sheets with
yachtsman-like precision. She did not falter
in the eye of the wind but swung to her
course and came charging down after the
Mary L., to leeward now but eating up the
distance.

  “Smart ship and smartly handled,” said
Hooper. “See how she came about. No
fuss with her headsails.”

  “Looks like a private craft,” suggested
Manning. “A yacht. She may be racing
with us for the fun of it.”

  “Soon find that out. She can go ahead
all’she wants to. Though I hate to be passed
at that rate. If I had the Moanamanu I’d
show her a thing or two. But I’ll be glad
when she gets off our horizon. She isn’t
i8

Adventure

a yacht, for all her brass. Her rigging is too
business-like and her canvas too heavy. Look
at her come.”

  The stranger, sailing a parallel course,
forging up abeam, carried a private signal
at her gaff and a triangle of flag at her peak.
This last showed plainly, a white star in a
blue circle on a scarlet ground.

  “She’s a yacht, after all,” said Manning.
“That’s the flag of the Hawaii Yacht Club.
I’ve seen it too many times at Pearl Harbor
to be mistaken.”

  Hooper shook his head.

  “She’s not a yacht. Name’s Seamew,”
he read off through the glasses. “But she
may be harmless. She’s dipping her flag.”
He turned and shouted an order to return
the salute. The Seamew tacked again, as
if satisfied to have displayed her speed and
not wishing to humiliate the Mary L. by
crossing her bows.

  “Sporting,” said Hooper.

  “Breakfast is ready, sir.”

  Edwards stood there, with eyes that
watched the Seamew. He had a faculty of
appearing suddenly, without noise, a stew-
ard’s attribute that, to Manning, always was
a trifle uncanny and annoying. With him
was Andersen, ready to take over the deck.

  “Know anything of that boat, Edwards?
The S'enmew?” asked Hooper.

  “Yes, sir. Know her well. I’ve been
aboard her, sir. A fast one. Belongs to
Mr. Huddersleigh of Fanning Island. On
her way home. Mr. Huddersleigh makes
regular trips to Honolulu every few months,
sir. I knew she was in the harbor, sir. But
she was over toward Iwilei. You might
not have noticed her, sir.”

  “Ah!”

  Hooper’s exclamation held relief in which
Manning shared. There was no especial
risk in any one trailing them down to
Schwarzklippen but neither fancied the
espionage.

  “I’ve heard of Huddersleigh,” said Man-
ning. “King of Fanning Island. Exports
shagreen mostly. For pocketbooks and
polishing, until lately. Now sharkskin has
gone up. They’re using it for boots.-’

  “He’ll be on the same course as we are
till we hit the line,” said Hooper at break-
fast. “Decent of him not to show us up too
much. Gad! That chap can make four-
teen knots on his best point of sailing.
Sail rings round us on any wind. Doubt
if we see much of him after today.”

  But they did. Hooper discovered un-
expected talent in steering in two of the
sailors, one of the Hawaiians and the Finn.
The Mary L. developed latent speed as the
skipper found out her best points. The
Seamew had a good start of them, but on
the third day they picked her up again,
hull down, and from then on kept inter-
mittent company. In lighter winds the
Mary L. had the better of it.- The men
scented a race and entered into the spirit
of it as Hooper set a big fisherman’s stay-
sail between main and fore and the Mary L.
showed what she was really capable of.

  He massed the men and crew at the rail
and shifted them about to preserve the
center of effort and, what with varying airs
and Hooper’s skill, matters evened up.

  “Keeps the loafers doing something,” he
remarked to Manning. “Plenty of time for
target practise later on.”

  Ten degrees north of the equator, the
breeze began to falter and threaten to fail
altogether. Fong’s compatriot had over-
hauled the engine and Hooper prepared to
abandon canvas for gasoline.

  “We can take our time about coming
back,” he said. “We’ve got plenty of
gas and we can strike a dead course for
Schwarzklippen. We’ll bid good-by to the
Seamew now. She’s due to change her
course for Fanning anyway.”

  At noon that day the wind blew out alto-
gether and they started up the engine. The
Seamew lay a mile away, rolling in the calm.
Hooper dipped his ensign in farewell salute
and the Fanning’s Island boat answered.
Then they saw her canvas coming down,
smartly smothered and reefed. Through the
glasses a white wake showed at her stem
as she swung off and took course approxi-
mately south-southwest.

  “She’s got a kicker, too,” said Hooper.
“Well, that’s the last of her.”

  On divergent courses, the two schooners
were soon out of sight of each other. The
Mary L., as Thompson put it, commenced
to taxi across the fine for her destination.
At the evening meal Fong himself appeared
to serve the after cabin.

  “Where is Edwards?” asked ManSiing.
“That steward all time this afte’noon
foolee too much with Ling along that engine,
along that dynamo,” said Fong in hid sing-
song pidgin-English. “He say he fixee
wi’less.”

  Hooper frowned.
No Man’s Island

  “Has he been interfering with Ling?” he
asked.

  Fung shrugged his shoulders.

  “Too - slick,” he said just as Ed-
wards entered.

  “I have been testing the wireless, sir.
Thought you might like to use it.”

  “What for?”

  “I thought it best to have it in readiness,
sir, so I overhauled it. I told you I could
handle it when I joined, sir, and, as you said
nothing to the contrary, I assumed it was
a part of my duties. I waited for the engine
to be started regularly.”

  “We’ll not need it. Is it in shape?”

  “I believe so, sir. I have no means of
knowing whether my test sending was re-
ceived, of course. It would not mean any-
thing. And I have not picked up any mes-
sage. Hardly likely to in these latitudes.
But I think I can say it is in shape, sir. We
might intercept some news once in a while
if we had a regular operator.”

  He had taken overplus duties from Fong,
who left a plain impression on his exit that
he did not think much of the energetic
Edwards.

  But the opinions of Fong and Ling,
naturally a unit, were not shared by the
others aboard. It began to get almost un-
bearably hot in the windless spaces. What
breeze the schooner herself furnished, as
she forged steadily ahead, averaging a hun-
dred and sixty miles a day, seemed to come
out of an oven. The putty wrinkled and
crumbled in the seams, the brass was
blistering and general lassitude held all
hands by day, enhanced by the fact that
there was little to do. But as soon as thq.
sun dropped blazing into the sea and some
relief came with night, Edwards organized
entertainment.

  He got together a quartet and he told
tales that created breathless interest, broken
by peals of laughter from the groups that
surrounded him on deck, smoking through
the long hours when sleep was hard to coax.

  Prickly heat and loss of appetite, all the '
conditions that make for peevishness under
such circumstances, were nullified by the
ubiquitous steward. He seemed to have
the capacity for making a personal friend
out of every one aboard, saving the China-
men. Often the afterguard, Manning,
Hooper, Andersen and Thompson, regretted
the dignity of office that forbade them
joining in the after-dark amusement sessions.

  By day, target practise went on with >
an hour set apart for it. Several of the
men bid fair to become good shots; others
proved hopeless and Hooper weeded them
out as wasters of cartridges. The four
ex-lunas andjEdwards himself were evident-
ly familiar with the use of firearms. Man-
ning’s steady nerves brought him to the
forefront and Hooper was already an ex-
cellent marksman with either pistol or
rifle. Two of Manning’s assistants also
shaped well.

  The target practise began to invest the
expedition with an earnestness of purpose
that brought about more or less talk, much
of it in a jesting strain, of the duties that
they might have to perform. The general
opinion among the crew prevailed that
they would have trouble with the natives
on landing and that some of them might
be left as an armed guard against them or
other interference if the guano-deposits
proved satisfactory for exploitation. This
impression Hooper and Manning allowed
to stand for the present. Manning over-
hauled his diving-suits and that diversified
the talk and provided fresh speculation.

THERE was a change in the two
leaders as they steadily neared
Schwarzklippen. Manning, seldom
over talkative, grew taciturn, and Hooper
began to flame with an eagerness that mani-
fested itself in his eyes, in his nervous pacing
of the deck, working out the daily position,
his scanning of the horizon that he knew
must, as yet, yield no results. The entire
man emanated force and at times, Manning,
patching the rubber of his diving-dress,
would think of him as a racing engine,
constantly evolving unapplied power.

  When they reached the borders of the
south equatorial current, a hundred and
fifty miles south of the line, the southwest
trade began to blow with increasing steadi-
ness and soon they were able to shut off
the engine and forge ahead with increased
speed under canvas. Hooper came below
one npon to work his reckoning, his eyes
gleaming.

  He and Andersen compared and agreed
and Hooper took out his chart and dividers.

  “We should lift Schwarzklippen by dawn
tomorrow, Manning,” he said with a tri-
umphant note.

  The news spread about the schooner and
all that afternoon watch on deck and watch
20

Adventure

below, with the idlers, gathered in groups
and looked eagerly ahead, hours before
there was any possibility of sighting land.
Meanwhile there was oiling of weapons and
a growing alertness in word and action.

  With the exception of Fong and Ling,
every soul aboard was on deck at the com-
mencement of the morning watch. One
of the Hawaiians was perched in the fore-
mast spreaders before the sun leaped up
and day suddenly blazed over the sea and
sky. The wind strengthened with the dawn,
blowing well aft of the beam, and the
schooner surged along at a fast clip through
curling, sharply faceted waves of sapphire,
dazzling where they caught the sun.

  Flying fish soared out of the sea, pursued
by dolphins that leaped after them. Two
bells came and then three and four. Fong
brought up steaming coffee for the men and
Edwards served the afterguard.

  As the last stroke of five bells sounded
the deep voice of the Hawaiian came float-
ing down and back from the fore.

  “Land-ho!”

  They strained forward into the bows
and the port rail, gazing to where the look-
out pointed, a few degrees aport. Hooper
handed the glasses to Manning and sprang
to the mainmast, going up it like a cat,
barefooted, as he had come on deck, his
toes clinging to the rings, clasping the
halyards.

  A purple speck showed on the horizon’s
rim and gradually lifted from the sea, grim,
desolate, uncharted. A cheer went up;
breakfast was forgotten fore and aft as they
crowded to the rail. Aside from Manning
and Hooper, it meant little to them ma-
terially; they were not in the true secret
of the voyage. But no one can sail for
leagues across the ocean stretches where
there is no plume of smoke, gleam of sail
or promise of land, and raise an island un-
placed upon the maps, without sharing the
thrill of the discoverer.

  Landfall, in such circumstances, ever
partakes somewhat of the miracle; it heats
the blood and rouses the spirit of adventure.
There were risks ahead, they knew, fighting
against odds with savages, where the penal-
ty of defeat meant cruel death and horrid
burial, and the ship’s company faced it
with an eagerness that brought a nod of
approval from Hooper as he slid down the
halyards and regained the deck.

  He glanced at Manning triumphantly,

as if he had vindicated his story, justified
the diver’s investment, but Manning only
nodded back and put out his great powerful
hand to grip the other’s nervous fingers.

  “Congratulations are almost in order,”
said Hooper. “We can make a landing this
afternoon, if they’ll let us. We’ll land any-
way,” he added, his lips tightening. “I
must overhaul that budget of newspapers
for Steiner.”

  From his seniority of some ten years,
Manning smiled a little tolerantly at Hooper
as the skipper dived below. There was a
good deal of the boy in Hooper’s virile man-
hood, he thought, and then a burst of youth
welled up in him and this time he laughed
aloud, so that Andersen looked at him in
wonder.

  For the Goddess Adventure, who reckons
time and the calendar and birthdays as a
joke as long as a man’s heart beats sturdily
and he is able to stand on his hind legs,
had taken Manning by the hand like a
fairy godmother and he was young again.
His blood tingled to his fingertips and he
felt the glow of danger and achievement.
For the. first time, too, the pearls in the
lagoon took on material value, material
prospects. Hooper had said that they
should be fully worth three hundred thou-
sand dollars in the present market and a
third of that was to be Manning’s own.

  With a score of years of hard work under-
sea, much of It dull and laboriously wearing,
he had had thoughts of retiring somewhere
near the sea with Fong as factotum, to sail
a sloop, to dig in a garden and grow roses.
Something like that. Now fresh vistas
opened. The world was wide. And he was
in the full strength of his prime.

  A thought came to him and he followed
Hooper.

  “What about letting the crew in a little
deeper on this thing?” he asked. “Telling
them about Steiner and his men, at all
events? The war is over but Steiner doesn’t
know it and I take it he won’t be waiting
on the beach for you to deliver him those
papers. He won’t be in any too good a
humor after he reads them. And I suppose
they’ll be sighting us soon. Maybe making
smoke from that signal-fire you spoke of.
And, just exactly what are y«u intending
to do with our Germans when we bag them,
peaceably or otherwise?”

  “March them in to that commandant
at Honolulu,” said Hooper. “Right past
No Man’s Island

21

that coclef' sentry who challenged me for
a tramp. It will be up to him to extradite
’em or otherwise dispose of them. The end-
ing of the war evens me up with Steiner
personally.- His conceit’ll shrivel, like a
kid’s balloon when it’s pricked. Though
there have been times when I had other
ideas of handling him. But I’ll get the
men aft and talk to them.”

  His speech was short and to the
point.

  “There is no guano, to speak of, on that
island, men,” he said. “My schooner was
taken by a German raider and I and Mr.
Thompson kept prisoners aboard of it under
a German crew. Later one of our own
cruisers chased us and we were wrecked in
a storm on the island. The schooner lies
in ten fathoms in the lagoon, just beyond
an inner reef. There are belongings of
mine hidden in her that Mr. Manning and
his men will dive for. That is what we
came after. The Germans are still there.
They don’t know the war is over.”

  There was a guffaw from the men.

  “I got away in a whale-boat with Mr.
Thompson. We were picked up at sea and
brought to Honolulu. There are natives
on the island who are a Melanesian tribe,
not friendly to whites. We may have to
pacify them. That is why I have brought
you along, with arms. The Germans may
need some explaining to before they accept
the situation. We shall have to'act as cir-
cumstances guide us. If we succeed in
getting back my valuables there will be a
bonus paid to every man aboard of two
hundred and fifty dollars over and above
his wages, Mr. Manning and I being partners
in this trip.”

  He looked toward Manning, who con-
firmed the bonus with a nod. The men
cheered, led by Edwards.

  “We shall try and treat with Steiner,
leader of the Germans, and tell him where
Germany now stands,” continued Hooper.
“We shall try and treat.with Tiburi, chief
of the tribe. We do not wish to start
bloodshed if we can avoid it. You have
been prepared for a certain amount of
trouble. But any landing-parties in-the
face of danger will be made up of volun-
teers.”

  Edwards led another salvo of cheering
and one of the men he had furnished stepped
forward.

  “These ain’t any of our crowd goin’ to

back down, skipper,” he said. “Not for
Heines nor for cannibals.”

  “I thought not,” said Hooper. “That is
all.”

  He turned to Manning as the men filed
forward, talking it over.

  “Good spirit there,” he said. “They took
it all easily enough.”

  “Didn’t even seem to be surprized,” com-
mented Manning. “But they'll do a lot
of jawing about the nature of your valuables
from now on. That bonus was a good idea.”
“It cuts into the pile considerably, and
we’ll have to sell some of the pearls to raise
it, but it seems only fair to give them some
sort of a share in the deal.”

  “Fair enough. You might offer to sell
some of the pearls to Butler, instead of
guano,” said Manning with a laugh.

THE island grew, showing the
crater, but hiding the green cone
back of it. Frowning from the sea,
it fitted the name that Steiner had given
it. It looked like a barren volcano, water-
less, incapable of providing for life. Yet the
heart of it was thick with vegetation, Hooper
promised. No smoke of signal-fire showed
and, as they came closer, Hooper trained
his glass upon the upper cliffs with a frown.

  “Funny,” he muttered. “There’s no flag
and the staff has gone.”

  “Might have been blown down?” said
Manning.

  “Fancy they’d have set it up again. I
don’t quite like the look of it. They may
have smelled a mouse when they sighted us.
If they thought I had got clear—but then
they would have expected a cruiser rather
than a schooner.”

  “They may have got heart after you
started and built some sort of a raft or
craft.”

  “Possible. But I don’t believe it. They
were getting too soft. Life suited them.
No, sir, don’t think they had the guts to
tackle that. Things were too easy. But I
don’t like it.”

  “Can we see their camp, sailing past the
open end of the crater, or are you going to
go through the reef into the lagoon?”

  “We couldn’t see it plainly enough to be
sure. And I don’t care to risk that second
reef-opening. I told you I thought it would
have to be blasted. It’s too narrow be-
tween the reefs for much maneuvering.
Can’t tackle it on the ebb, anyhow. My
22

Adventure

idea is to get in touch with Tiburi. If we
can keep the fear of the white man in his
heart he won’t bother us after some gifts,
the promise of more, and good care on our
part to cover ourselves. We’ll head up a
bit and sail round.”

  The course was slightly shifted and they
coasted the black, sheer cliffs of the volcanic
crest, fissured and fluted here and there,
devoid of all life save the wheeling gulls
that rose and settled and soared out to meet
the schooner, screaming at intrusion. The
narrow promontory that joined crater to
cone opened up and the sight of the latter,
covered with verdure, a green jewel rising
from a ring of ivory surf, heartened all of
them and lightened the oppression of that
silent, grim crater.

  Still there was no sign of life, though they
swept the beach and the outstanding ledges
of the cliffs with glasses. No natives
gathered on the sand, no canoes put out
to sea. No wisp of smoke showed signs of
habitation. Only the birds wheeling and
wheeling overhead.

  “Looks as if the whole place was deserted,”
said Manning. “Some sort of plague might
have swept them, or they may have killed
each other off, like Kilkenny cats, German
against cannibal.”

  “Not likely. But there’s something
wrong,” returned Hooper. “The natives
would not be frightened into hiding by us.
If they were frightened, and they are not
that breed of cats, they would still be curi-
ous. Something wrong! If they are there
they are not friendly. Steiner may have
won out and be setting a trap with the idea
of getting hold of the schooner for his get-
away. That’s the most likely thing.”

  “Or might be in league with Tiburi?”
  Hooper shook his head.

  “No. Tiburi is too sore about that
woman deal. Steiner kidnaped his daugh-
ter. No! Tiburi might pull some treachery
in a pretended pact, but Steiner would be too
foxy. I— Listen.”

  They were now to the south of the island
and the wind blew from it. Manning
caught a booming note, distinct from the
surf. It was followed by another and an-
other, at pulsing intervals. It was the beat
of a drum. And it was punctuated by a
queer moaning sound, like the hoot of an
enormous owl.

  “War-drums,” said Hooper. “War-drums
and conch shells. Tiburi’s out against us.

This is not going to be duck soup. They
are waiting for us to make a landing. Then
they’ll tackle us from ambush. That bush
is full of warriors now, waiting for their
chance. Too many odds. Not more than
two or three places to land.”

  “What’s your plan?”

  “It’s close to sunset. Nothing tonight.
We’ll tack out and hold council of war.”
“No moon tonight, is there?”

 “No. Why?”

  “Then I’ve got a plan,” said Manning.
“And I think it will work with Tiburi.”

V

S MANNING closely surveyed the
shore -line as they coasted about
the cone and headed north again to
complete the circuit of Schwarzklippen.
The steeply slanting sides were thick with
growth to the summit. Palms waved above
a tangle of bush growth. Along the shore-
line mangroves clustered thickly with here
and there little beaches. The reef, with its
double walls of coral, came closer in to the
land than off the crater proper and in places
the two barriers merged as one.

  “What do you figure the average depth of
that lagoon?” Manning asked Hooper, who
was watching him frown at the land, slowly
darkening as the sun dropped and the
shadow of the crater fell across it. “Could
a whale-boat get through that opening, do
you suppose?”

  He pointed to where the shifting fine of
spray rising from the combers breaking on
the reef seemed a little less in volume.
Hooper surveyed it critically.

  “I imagine you could make it at the
flood easily enough. Why? What is your
scheme, Manning?”

  “You say Tiburi was inclined to accept
Steiner as a god. By this time he has prob-
ably found out that he is not a beneficent
deity, if he is one at all, to judge by their
present attitude.”

  He nodded toward the cone, now on their
port bow. They were in its lee and the
throbbing beat of the war-drums was plainer
than ever.

  “But I have had considerable experience
with natives as a diver and there is no ques-
tion but what the sight of a diver rising
out of the sea knocks them absolutely
cold—until they see you crawl out of your
armor, like a hermit crab from its shell.
No Man’s Island

23

Then they know you are only a man but
you are still ace high.”

  “Good reason for that,” said Hooper.
“There isn’t a tribe but has its legend—
they all tie up to the same source, I imagine
—of magicians who are able to pass from
island to island, group to group. A diver
would seem like the biggest kind of a wizard.
I begin to see your drift but why scare them
stiff? We want to get on terms of commu-
nication with Tiburi. They would hide in
that bush like rabbits and we’d never find
them if you walked out on them.”

  “Not if I made them believe I was a
friendly god. I’ve thought it out quite a
bit. Hooper, and I believe it will work. But
we don’t want them to tie it up too closely
with the schooner. Let’s talk it over in
the cabin.”

  Fifteen minutes later Manning’s three as-
sistants were summoned aft, Fong being
busy with the evening meal. Hooper
.headed the schooner south, into the wind.
The sun dropped; darkness rushed up, save
f6r the stars. The canvas of the Mary L.
was taken in and close furled. From the
island she could not be picked up by the
sharpest of the thousand eyes that had
peered at her from the jungle and hoped
that the white men might strike the reef
or land unguardedly.

  In the cabin Manning overhauled his div-
ing-suit and worked over the fixing of some
marine fireworks, Coston signals and port-
fires used on life-buoys. These he made tem-
porarily water-proof. Thompson arranged
a small box, in which he placed gifts that
would be most likely to strike the fancy of
the natives. This he carefully wrapped in
thicknesses of tarpaulin. Hooper busied
himself for a while in thoroughly greasing an
automatic pistol.

   “I prefer the other suit for general work,”
said Manning, as he and one of his men care-
fully inspected and tested the oxygen tank.
“But it means a lighter of some sort and the
pump, n*t to mention the pipe and life and
signal lines. This leaves me free to go up
on the beach. The main thing is to be sure
they see me and there ’11 be no doubt of that.”
“It’s a big risk, just the same. Manning,”
said Hooper. “Of course we’ll be covering
you but if they did rush you. you’d be help-
less. I mean as to quick action.”

  “Not so much as you’d think. I don't
have to wear gloves. I could use my gun.
Wouldn’t take you long to get in to me.

Besides, I’ve been thinking it’s about time
for me to take an active part in this busi-
ness. Here I’ve been playing passenger
while you’ve been working ship. I want to
earn my share. All I’ve done is to put up
some cash with the practical certainty of
getting fifteen to one for my money.”

  “You are going to do the diving,” said
Hooper, his voice warm with approval.

  “An hour or two of my regular line of
work. Doesn’t amount to shucks. Well,
I guess we’re ready, Hooper, when you are.”

  The schooner was well off the island
now. It showed as a vague loom against,'
the stars. Hooper ordered the engine
started and set the course. The sound of
the exhaust would be lost in that of the surf,
he calculated. When he went below he
found Manning stripped and about to put
on a light combination suit of wool, long-
legged and long-sleeved. Hooper gazed ad-
miringly at Manning’s brawn. The diver
weighed close to two hundred pounds but
there was no superfluous flesh, only big
bones packed hard with muscle and sinew
that rippled as Manning moved like grass
beneath the wind.

  He put on the rubber suit and went on
deck, his two assistants carrying the
weighted shoes, the helmet and the oxygen
tank that was to strap upon his shoulders.
Thompson carried the box of gifts—gaudy
handkerchiefs, small mirrors, brass rings
and beads—goods selected by Hooper in
Honolulu for some such occasion. With
Tiburi eliminated as an enemy, giving them
the news as to Steiner’s present circum-
stances, much of their difficulties would be
removed and the more he considered Man-
ning’s plan, the more Hooper approved of
it and credited the diver with an imagina-
tion that he had not suspected him capable
of. He was beginning thoroughly to ap-
preciate his partner.

  The Mary L. chugged up to within a mile
of the reef, then crept in closer. The cone
showed dark as they came to a point oppo-
site the place where they had first heard the
drums and conch shells. The night was
quiet, save for the drum-roll of the surf that
showed faintly phosphorescent where it
foamed over the reef. The tide was at flood
now. It was three bells in ■ the middle
watch. Hooper did not doubt but that
there were some of Tiburi’s men awake, but
he intended to make certain. Manning’s
rising from the sea was to be spectacular
24

Adventure

  A rocket soared up from the deck and rose
curving to burst high above the cone in a
shower of fiery stars that slowly settled
down. Another and another followed, the
last exploding in an aerial bomb, harmless
but startling to the native mind.

  A whale-boat was lowered and Manning
got into the stern sheets with Hooper.
Besides the crew his three assistants fol-
lowed. Then Thompson. Rifles were
handed down and the apparatus. They
rowed for the reef and then along it, look-
ing for the opening Manning had pointed
out to Hooper. They found it without
much difficulty and backed water. Hooper
had the steering-oar. He watched for a
big wave, gave command in a low voice and
the stout blades bent as the boat swept
through he reef-gate into the calm lagoon.
With the surf behind them they backed
water while one of Manning’s men sounded
from the bows.

  “Little better than nine fathom,” he re-
ported.

  Suddenly there came to them, borne from
the land, the muffled beat of a drum,
echoed, repeated. Tiburi was awake. In
the boat they worked quickly but quietly.
There was little phosphorus in the lagoon
and they hoped to be unobserved. It would
make the appearance of Manning more
mysterious if this was the case. Manning
put on his helmet and his leaded shoes and
an assistant adjusted the former. His pistol
was in his belt holster, together with a knife.
A light ladder was attached to one gunwale
with hooks.

THE crew edged to the other side to
keep balance. Slowly, ponderous
but not clumsy, Manning turned
and slowly descended the ladder. A few
feet below the surface he halted on the
rungs, waiting for the little plop in his ears
that would tell him the Eustachian tubes
were open and the pressure adjusted. Then
he went down the pliant rungs, Hooper
watching his bulk, ringed and streaked with
wreaths of faint luminosity. He carried
with him the box of gifts under one arm and
his fireworks were attached to his belt with
slipknots.

  Three quick tugs came and the cord
slackened as Hooper coiled it in. Man-
ning had reached bottom. The rowers
rested on their oars, paddling now and then
to offset the current of the flood and main-

tain their position. The others held rifles
ready. They waited eagerly, hardly draw-
ing breath. From the dark slopes of the
cone the drums continued to boom. Now
and then came the harsh hoot of a conch
shell. The rockets had thoroughly per-
formed their part in the night’s entertain-
ment. On the wrinkled surface of the la-
goon the stars were reflected in broken,
shifting lights. A hundred yards away the
whale-boat was invisible.

  The time seemed interminable before the
watcher in the bows gave a slight gasp. He
had heard rather than seen something in-
shore. Suddenly the green flare of two
portfires broke out on the surface, well
toward the land. The illumination ex-
tended almost to the boat, but Hooper did
not believe the eyes ashore would focus on
anything but the object that was rising from
the sea, wading toward the beach. In one
raised hand Manning held a red Coston sig-
nal that he had tipped with sodium under-
neath a sealed cap, now taken off, and the
tube of- carmine fire, ignited, flaked and
sputtered down on his weird figure, con-
trasting vividly with the green glare from
the portfires, afloat on miniature buoys.

  The shining helmet with its goggle eyes,
the metal shoulder - pieces increasing his
great breadth, the rising sleekness’of the
rubber-clad body, streaming with water
that reflected back the contrasting lights,
the gleaming, widening circles that sur-
rounded him as he stalked on, made him
impressive enough to those in the boat; to
the natives he must have appeared a veri-
table god or demon of the sea.

 Drums and conchs ceased suddenly.
Hooper could almost feel the intensity of
those straining eyes in the bush. He could
imagine the dropped jaws and superstitious
consternation as the savages gibbered in
their coverts, wondering what this awesome
visitation portended. He had no fear now
for Manning’s safety, more for the possi-
bility of overdoing the intended effect.

  ' The Coston died down and Manning lighted
another. He was only waist-deep now, ad-
vancing up the shelving floor of the lagoon.
The portfires sputtered on steadily. The
little beach between the mangroves that
was his objective was blank. And it was
sound reasoning that there were no natives
in its immediate vicinity. Sound, also, that
every movement of the supernatural visitor
was noticed.
No Man’s Island

25

  Manning reached the beach and stood
erect, waving his Coston. Then he stooped
and placed the box upon the sand well above
tide-reach. From the bush shrill cries of
terror sounded as he straightened up. Close
by grew young cocopalms and palmetto
scrub. He severed two palm-leaves, signs
of amity, and thrust them on either side of
his gift before he turned and stalked down
the beach into the lagoon once more. The
portfires died out as he submerged.

   The boat edged in directly in a line for the
beach, paddling softly under cover of the
darkness, intensified by the going out of the
chemical illuminants. Hooper hung over
the stern, watching. In the bows the man
with the lead sounded frequently, giving out
his depths in a low voice. Then Hooper
saw something glowing on the bottom like a
submerged star. It was an electric torch
carried by Manning, water-proof of case, with
a powerful battery, part of his equipment.

  “Back water there, men. Over with the
laddar,” ordered the skipper.

  The weighted rungs shd down, the ladder
tautened and shook as Manning mounted
with the men seated on the opposite gun-
wale as before to balance his weight. He
climbed heavily in and an assistant un-
screwed the helmet and relieved him of its
weight and the leaded boots. He took a
seat in the stem as they steered for the
entrance.

  “How did it go?” he asked. “No trouble
in making it. Fairly smooth bottom.”

  “No question of your making an impres-
sion,” said Hooper. “You must have
looked like the Old Man of the Sea himself.
Only hope you didn’t overdo it, from the
friendship standpoint. Otherwise you could
set up as a god tomorrow morning and have
no fear of their not obeying you.”

  “So long as I stayed inside my outfit,”
said Manning. “If I took off my helmet to
eat I’d descend from my godhood, I’m
afraid. My idea was to remain as a hidden
power for the present, with the promise of
gifts or the menace of destruction fairly well
balanced. And, of course, in league with
you.”

  “We’ll find out if they’ve taken the bait
by morning,” said Hooper.

  Back on the schooner they sent up two
more rockets as a climax to the program.
Then they started up the engine once again,
shifting to sail when they were well out.
All night they tacked off and on, and dawn

found them once more off the cone. Hooper
focused his glasses on the beach. It was still
deserted; there were no signs of natives 011
sea or land. But the box of gifts had
vanished.

VI

“THE only thing to do for the
present,” said Hooper, “is to wait
and see if it works out. We’ve got
our stage set, or ready to be set. If they
don’t come out we’ll have to scare ’em into
submission. An invasion of the cone by
you in your suit and one of your men back-
ing you up from the water in the second
would bring them to time. Only we’d have
to round them up.”

   “There’s a canoe coming out of the man-
groves, sir,” said Edwards. “More than
one.”

  Like scary water-beetles, one by one
emerging from the mangroves that appar-
ently masked a fresh-water creek or an inlet,
the canoes of Tiburi made their appearance.
It was plain that the chief’s brain had
evolved two things. First that the appari-
tion of the water-god was connected with
the coming of the great white man’s canoe,
the second that had ever appeared in his
realms, and the first had come only as a
wreck. It was probable that they might
have seen the whale-boat in the lagoon after
all, possible that they had made out the
schooner beneath the rising flare of the
rockets.

   The second thing was that both god and
the white men were of friendly disposition.
Instead of demanding sacrifice, the god had
deposited gifts, some of which were similar
to articles used by Steiner and his men.
Cupidity and curiosity, building upon these
factors, brought out the tribe, timid of a
second appearance of the sea-monster, yet
hopeful of more gifts, of an alliance with
these rich and powerful strangers.

  But they were wary. Steiner had not
come to them bringing gifts. Steiner had
stolen their young women. Steiner had
fought them off with magic sticks that shot
fire and missiles that tore holes through
which life passed out swiftly. They carried
their arms, spears of hardwood, others tipped
with bone and sharks’ teeth, bows and ar-
rows and clubs. The canoes bristled with
the display.

The Mary L. headed up into the wind and
26

Adventure

hung there, waiting for them. Some of the
canoes held fifty men, 'sitting two to a
thwart. The prows and sterns rose high,
were carven and inlaid with shell and orna-
mented with colored streamers. In all
there were a full five hundred warriors.
First one and then another filed through the
reef opening and spread out in crescent
formation.

  “You see,” said Hooper, “this is a tribe
who have never come in contact with white
men. Everything we do is wonderful. We
constantly perform miracles. That is why
Steiner was able to handle them, once he
had shown what his guns could do. All the
old tricks can be played in full force and this
is the time to pull them off. Some of them,
at least. If Steiner sees us in combination
with Tiburi he’ll capitulate without trouble
and we’ll let him read his papers while we
salvage the Moanaitianu. It begins to look
as if it was all ridiculously simple, thanks to
you, Manning. I can talk their dialect and
I’ll coax ^em in, while you and Fong stand
by for your cues.”

  The foresail was lowered with the top-
sails and jibs and the Mary L. stood up to
the wind, moving slowly, under staysail and
mainsail. By the port rail a four-sided
screen of canvas had been erected. A
ladder hung down into the water.

  Inside the screen Fong, dressed in the
suit that Manning had worn, was con-
cealed. Manning’s other assistants stood
guard by the screen. In the cabin was
Manning, clad in the more elaborate suit,
ready to have the helmet adjusted as soon
as the natives had been persuaded to come
aboard. He sat on one of the plush settees
of the schooner-yacht’s furnishings, as if on
a throne, prepared to receive new subjects.

  Hooper called to him down the com-
panion.

  “Tiburi’s in the biggest canoe,” he said.
“He’s edging in. You’ll have plenty of
time to put on your helmet. I’ll palaver
with them.”

  “All right,” answered Manning.

  Edwards was with him, ready to adjust
the heavy headpiece. He felt like the ogre
in a child’s play. A good-natured ogre.
And the natives were only children in intel-
lect, apt to be treacherous but about to be
spellbound by majesty. As Hooper had
said, it was all likely to be ridiculously easy
from now on. No fighting, no bloodshed.
He had no enmity toward Steiner.

  Hooper had felt bitter, as was only nat-
ural, but with the recovery of his pearls as-
sured, with the war itself having advanced
prices sufficiently to cover the price of his
schooner, even to indemnify largely the cost
of this expedition, he was willing to turn
over the Germans to the Government.

  On deck, Hooper caught up his mega-
phone and called to Tiburi by name, Forty
paddles struck the water in consternation,
sending the canoe backward as if it were a
living thing startled by the magnified voice
that hailed them in their own tongue, that
knew the name of Tiburi.

  “Come without fear, Tiburi,” called
Hooper. “We are friendly to you. We
would add to the gifts of Him Who Walks
Under the Water.”

  Tiburi, sullen, crafty savage that he was,
summoned his courage. He had to save his
face or lose dignity. And the white man
with the great voice spoke of gifts. He gave
an order and the canoe stroked forward
again. Then he stood up by the bows,
leaning on the carven prow, tall and lean,
naked save for a belt and shell-ornaments.
His mop of fuzzy hair was orange-colored,
his face was smeared with white and scarlet.
His pot-belly, bloated by fermenting diets,
showed in weird contrast to his bony body,
“Who call Tiburi by name?” he asked,
gathering confidence as he spoke.

  “Come closer, Tiburi, and see.”

  By the side of Hooper men were display-
ing gaudy cloth, holding out hands that
showed gifts of some sort. Tiburi and his
men could not see just what they were but
they were things the white men brought,
therefore precious.

  Tiburi shouted an order and the rest of
the canoes halted while his own advanced.
On the beach other natives were gathering,
women with shorn heads, children, old men?
boys. Tiburi knew the eyes of his tribe
were upon him. He would be the first to
board this big canoe. He would get the pick
of his gifts. And, perhaps, they might an-
nihilate the white men after all, for they
were few and he had half a thousand—he
counted them by sets of ten fingers—ten
times ten times ten.

 The god—Him Who Walks Under the
Water—was not in evidence. If they took
the canoe and killed the white men they
would have all the treasure; they would
have their skulls. Perhaps .they could do it
before the god interfered. He might be
No Man’s Island

27

sleeping or he might be far off, too far off to
come before they had killed and looted and
hidden themselves in the bush.

  Ail this he thought as he stood by the
prow of his canoe, two of the small round
mirrors that had been left on the beach
flashing in the distended lobes of his ears..
And then his eyes bulged as he gazed on the
face of the white man with the big voice.
Hooper had put down the shell through
which he had made his voice thunder.
Tiburi knew that trick himself.

  But this man. He was—he was— Surely
this was the white man who had been a slave
to Steiner, who had escaped with the other
white slave in the boat—over whose escape
Steiner had gone nearly crazy, cursing and
punishing his companions, as Tiburi had
been informed by the natives who had left
him for Steiner but had fled back to him
again, claiming that Steiner had blamed and
beaten them for the escape of the slaves and
the loss of the boat. And here was the other
slave beside him.

  “I see you know me, Tiburi,” said
Hooper. “Me and my friend. We have
come back again, rescued by Him Who
Walks Under the Water. And we bring
gifts for Tiburi, who. is also the enemy of
Steiner. Come and receive them.”

  A crafty look came into the chief’s eyes
that Hooper could not interpret. He became
plainly confident. He swaggered.

  “I am your friend, white man,” he an-
swered. “As I am the enemy of him who
was your enemy. I will come aboard.”

  The canoe came alongside. Hooper warned
the savages before they could all leap for
the rail, their eyes goggling at the lengths
of cloth, the beads and brass rings they now
saw plainly.

  “Ten men only,” he said, holding up the
fingers of both hands.

  Tiburi and his followers saw the ready
rifles and knew what they could do. Ti-
buri gave his orders and the unchosen ones
sullenly subsided, pacified somewhat by the
gifts that Hooper ordered distributed. And
the chief, followed by his bodyguard of ten,
gained the decks and looked curiously, a
little fearfully, about them.

HOOPER gave a command and the
crew lowered fore and staysail and
gasketed them. Tiburi blinked a
a little. He glanced over the side to where
his canoes were gracfUlly edging in, against

his orders. But he was not displeased.
This white man was a fool to lower his sails.
True, there were the sticks that spat fire
and death, but cunning might prevail.
And then he frowned, as doubt and fear
smote him. For the white man’s canoe,
without sails, without paddles, was begin-
ning to move. Yells came from the savages
left in the canoe, clinging to the rail, being
dragged along with increasing speed. Yells
came from the flotilla, from the shore.
Tiburi’s eyes rolled. What magic was this?

  “Fear not, Tiburi,” said Hooper. “It is
the servants of Him Who Walks Under the
Water who move us. We shall go out a
little way. Here are gifts.”

  Tiburi, his mind jellied, fingered the
things offered him without enthusiasm. He'
did not like the situation. It made him feel
powerless. But when Thompson brought
him a generous measure of gin, which he first
sniffed, then drank, his courage came back
to him with the warmth of his stomach.

  And the schooner stopped moving.
Hooper had started the engine for the
double purpose of demonstration and mov-
ing away from the reef.

  “Does the white man want the other
white men given to him?” asked Tiburi.
“Perhaps. Can you deliver them?”

  As he spoke Hooper suddenly stepped for-
ward, pointing at the necklace of human
teeth that the" chief wore. He had caught
the glint of gold. Of gold fillings.

  “Where did you get those?” he asked.
  Tiburi strutted.

  “After you left, O white man,” he said, “I,
Tiburi, took the other white men captive.
They used their fire-sticks but presently
they were worn out. Fire came from them
no longer. And they had stolen my women
and beaten the men they had taken from
me. So we took them. Some of them we
killed. Their skulls hang in my house.
These—” he lifted the necklace—“I took
from one of them. Their flesh we did not
eat. We fed it to the dogs. It was tough
and too salty. Those we took alive we keep
for our children to look at. Soon we may
kill them. Now our women make a mock
of them and they furnish us with amuse-
ment. Will you buy them from me, O
white man? With gifts? Shall I deliver
them alive or dead?”

  Here was an unexpected turn. It ex-
plained the missing flagstaff, the lack of sig-
nal-smoke. Steiner’s ammunition had given
28

Adventure

out and he had been captured. Hooper felt
a revulsion of pity of the Germans. They
were white men; they must be rescued.
And he suddenly saw them caged in the sav-
age village, jeered at and tormented, kept
as white children, sometimes cruel, keep
wild things they have trapped, or men who
put beasts behind bars for a zoo. Only,
Tiburi and his fellows would devise brutal
tortures for their captives. Hooper’s face
grew stern.

  “I may buy them,” he said, “or I may
come and take them. Is the chief of them
alive?”

  “He is alive. But how shall you take
them unless you make me gifts? The bush
is thick. "My men are many. These are
not all.”

  Tiburi pointed to the canoes, once more
in a closing crescent to starboard of the
schooner. With the retailing of his victory
Tiburi grew more arrogant.

  Hooper’s brows met; his eyes flashed; his
voice was imperative.

  “How?” he demanded. “How shall I get
them? I will show you.”

  Then he changed his tone.

  “First I will show you gifts, Tiburi.
Many gifts and many wonders. Come with
me. Give him another drink, Thompson,
and tell Fong to get ready,” he added in
English. “It’s time to put the fear of God
in their hearts once and for all.”

  Tiburi gulped down the gin and swag-
gered after Hooper. For a moment he hes-
itated at the companionway and then de-
scended. He had talked big and nothing
had happened. He would get many gifts
for these captives of his. Perhaps, if he was
cunning, he would get the gifts and more
captives. The strong liquor mounted, to
his brain. He had forgotten about Him
Who Walks Under the Water.

  And then he saw Him, mammoth, ma-
jestic, seated on a couch of red. The same
god, surely, who had walked up from the
waters. He had not taken in many details
but here was the same enormous head with
its big, round staring eyes, the wrinkled
flesh, that glittered in spots like the fire-
sticks he had taken from Steiner but could
not work.

  The god held up a hand but did not speak.
It did not seem to have a mouth but,
there were tentacles coming from the place
where a mouth should have been, tentacles
like that of the giant squid. Tiburi’s knees

weakened; his valor dissolved. As the god
slowly rose he turned and with a howl of
terror bolted up the stairs.

  The canvas screen had been displaced
and, coming over the rail, dripping with
water, was another god, Fong. For a
moment Tiburi stood paralyzed. His men
had deserted him. Some had dived over-
board, others were surrounded by the white
men, holding fire-sticks. He himself was
so surrounded. Not that the fire-sticks
actually threatened, not that any hostile
move was made. It was the look on the
faces of the white men, the cold, boring look
of Hooper’s eyes, that convinced Tiburi that
he stood between the devil and the deep sea,
or rather, the devil stood between him, the
deep sea or his own island, unless he did
what the white men, who were in league
with the devil, wanted.

  This second Him Who Walks Under the
Water stood silent, gazing upon Tiburi with
enormous immovable eyes that seemed to
read his soul, to gaze upon him with the cold
wrath of an easily offended god. Its very
silence was terrible, disdainful. It was too
much for Tiburi.

  Yet he was a chief and there was a certain
stiffness to his make-up that had given him
leadership and helped him to maintain it.
Though his knees wobbled and his very
bowels crawled about within his pot-belly
like so many eels, he resisted the impulse to
fling himself upon the deck on all fours.
Savage though he was, he held manhood,
and Hooper accorded him a measure of
respect.

  The skipper nodded to Thompson, with a
jerk of his thumb toward the companion-
way. As Fong, terrific in his armor, the
water puddling from him on the deck, stood
mute and motionless, gasps of horror from
his tribesmen caused Tiburi to look fear-
fully about and see the helmeted, tentacled
head of Manning, the Him Who Walks,
slowly appearing at the head of the com-
panionway mounting from the cabin. The
chief gulped convulsively, summoning the
remnant of his courage, and words to help
save his face.

  “Show me the gifts,” he said sullenly.
“And I will deliver the white men- to you.”

  “Good!” answered Hooper. “Tommy,
bring up the stuff we laid out.”

  Thompson and two men brought up the
trade and displayed it on deck. Tiburi’s
eyes glittered. He" had a better brain
No Man’s Island

29

than his fellows but it was apt to move in a
groove, to hold but one idea at a time.
Now it was greed, tinged with vanity. What
a showing he would make before his wives,
especially the new ones! But fear was still
in the background.

  “Tell your men to put them in the canoes,
Tiburi. I shall go ashore with you.” He
ordered a boat lowered.

  Tiburi looked at the gods. •

  “Do these go, also?” he asked, and his
voice squeaked, despite all his- efforts.

  “They dwell in the sea,” said Hooper,
driving the lesson home. He did not want
to have to bother with any more mas-
querading than was necessary. “When
they leave the sea for the land, they bring
the sea with them, unless they are friendly
to those who live on the land. If you break
faith with me, Tiburi, they will surely come
and the sea will rise above your land and
you and your tribe will be dragged to the
bottom and be eaten alive, as a squid tears
at a live fish with its beak.”

  Tiburi shuddered. Hooper made a sa-
laam in front of Fong and the Chinaman
lifted his hand. The whale-boat was low-
ered and four rowers got into it with the
four men Edwards had brought. The trade
was put into the canoe and Tiburi and his
bodyguard of ten went overside. Hooper
gave an order or two to Andersen and with
Thompson prepared to enter the whale-
boat after a word with Edwards. All the
white men were fully armed.

  At the gunwale Hooper paused, turned
and dived into the cabin. Manning was
now on deck, standing with Fong at the rail
nearest to the canoes. Tiburi’s big war-
craft was paddling away with quickening
strokes, eager to leave the vicinity of the
Hims, yet anxious not to displease Hooper,
with whom the Hims were so friendly.

  Hooper came on deck with the bundle of
newspapers destined for Steiner’s perusal
and enlightenment under his arm. He had
no desire to augment the ober-leutnant’s
misery. He was going to relieve it, physi-
cally. Mentally, he thought a tonic would
do the German officer good. It would help
to make a pacifist of him until Hooper de-
livered him to the Naval commandant at
Honolulu.

  And that was going to be a problem. It
would overcrowd the Mary L.; seriously af-
fect the question of rations. All along
Hooper had prepared for a fight with

Steiner though he had been willing to avoid
it. Now, in the whirligig of things, he had
to rescue him. For they were all white men
together. And the war was over.

  The whale-boat, with springy strokes,
forged up alongside Tiburi’s canoe. The
rest spread out to right and left, a savage
escort, though the cannibals were plainly
subdued. From the rail of the schooner,
their shapeless arms folded, the two Hims
were regarding the canoes.

  “Do the gods not speak?” asked Tiburi.

  “It is not necessary,” replied Hooper.
“They can read the mind and force their
will upon it. And, if they spoke, their
voice would crack your ears.”

  Tiburi nodded. He had asked humbly
for knowledge.

  “See,” said Hooper, “I will prove it.”

  He let his hand, which was on the gun-
wale, trail in the water casually. Aboard
the schooner, Andersen, watching for the
signal, passed the word down to Ling. The
engine started, was thrown into reverse.
With a slight disturbance of the water the
Mary £., without paddles, without sails, be-
gan once more to move—backward.

A CRY went up from the canoes.
Tiburi, gray of face but game,
encouraged by the gifts that were
piled in his canoe, shouted fiercely to his
paddlers to keep quiet. But all the rest of
the flotilla, like minnows threatened on the
shoals by a hungry bass, went darting for
the reef. The churning water was to all of
them positive evidence that a Him was
towing the schooner from beneath the
water, perhaps with its hands clutching the
keel. And the two Hims were still on deck.
They pictured the sea swarming with lesser
gods, horrible shapes.

  Yah! Verily it was a wise thing to be
friendly with these white men and their
supernatural allies!

  The Mary L. backed for a while, then
sped ahead in a wide curve. Off the reef-
gate, too shallow for her entrance, she
paused, while Tiburi, following his craven
men, went through and Hooper trailed
him.

  Manning, with the aid of Edwards, di-
vested himself of his helmet and diving-
dress. Fong followed suit. Manning was
drenched in sweat. The masquerade, main-
tained in such weather, had been'' no joke.
Fong was in much the same shape.
30

Adventure

  “Shall I bring you something to drink,
sir?” askedjEdwards.	s

  “Got anything cool?”

  “There’s ice, sir. Last time we made it I
stowed some away in sawdust at the bottom
of the hold. It melts fast but there’s a little
left. While we’re in port, sir, I’ll start the
machine up again, if you can spare the gaso-
line for the engine.”

  “Ask the skipper about that. But dig
up a chunk of that ice and make me a long,
cool drink with lemons in it. And you can
put in a stick of gin, for once. How about
it, Fong? Have one?”

  Fong signified his assent, and, with the
slightest raising of his eyebrows as if in
tolerance of Manning’s familiarity with
a Chinaman, Edwards disappeared. The
only liquor aboard was the small quantity
brought along for such purposes as it had
served with Tiburi, and kept strictly from
the crew. Edwards was accountable for it.
Presently he appeared with two long gin
rickies. He did not hand Fong his but set
it down.

  “Edwards,” said Manning, a bit sharply,
“you’re a good steward but I suppose every
good steward is a good deal of a snob.”
“Sir?”

  “I’ve entrusted my life to Fong here a
good many times. And I esteem my life a
good deal more than I do silly ideas of caste.
Fong is my friend. Serve him.”

  Fong’s face was imperturbable as Ed-
wards with an “I beg your pardon, sir,” to
Manning picked up the ricky and tendered
it to the Chinaman. Manning was aware
of a tension between the pair, a mental
static that might crackle with discharge at
any moment. The enmity between them
was no small matter, it was plain. And he
began to wonder whether he had not been
foolish to force Edwards’ hand. Still, the
man was only a steward for a voyage.

  “Does the skipper expect to bring those
Germans aboard, sir?” asked Edwards. “I
understand there have some of them been
killed, but there must be nearly twenty of
them. I was thinking of accommodations
and the provisions, sir.”

  Fong gave a peculiar little grunt, not
quite a cough. Manning knew what that
meant—disapproval. But he was inclined
to think Fong prejudiced against Edwards.

  “I don’t know, Edwards. I didn’t hear
what was said between Mr. Hooper and the
chief, you know. There were twenty-three

of them when Hooper and Thompson got
away. I should think it would be a good
idea to set a guard over them somewhere in
the crater until we are ready to sail/ Per-
haps in their old camp. As for provi-
sions, we can supplement our stores from
shore in many ways.”

  “Yes, sir. Of course, sir. I hadn’t
thought of that. The plan of frightening
them with the diving-suits was a tremen-
dous success. I should call it a great idea.”
“Ah!” said Manning dryly. If there
was anything he disliked about Edwards it
was the suggestion of flattery the latter in-*
jected into much of his talk. “That will be
all,” he said.

  Edwards withdrew, still with a faint but
distinct suggestion of his lack of compre-
hension of a cook being left drinking on an
equality with the skipper’s partner in the
cabin. Mild disapproval.

  “Don’t like Edwards any better now,
Fong?” asked Manning.

  “I tell you one-two time he too -

slick,” answered Fong. “All the time he
ask too many question. What for he ask so
much? Because he want to know. What

he know, he use. Too-slick.”

  Manning finished his ricky reflectively.
He had a high regard for Fong’s judgment
of men. And a tiny distrust of Edwards
had crept into his own mind. Perhaps he
would bear watching. Not that he could
do much, he decided.

VII

A CROWD of naked children, who
had been poking bamboo canes
*v through the bars of a stockade,
fled like so many monkeys before the ap-
proach of the white men accompanying their
chief, diving into the jungle from which their
eyes stared in awe and wonder. Tiburi
strode ahead and, pointing to the enclosure,
which was literally a great cage, roofed as
well as walled with bamboos stoutly driven
into the earth, cross-barred with others, ex-
claimed—

  “There are your white men, O friends of
Him Who Walks Under the Water.”
Hooper approached with Thompson close
to the stockade and peered in. Shadows
from the surrounding bush darkened it. A
few shafts of sunshine streaked it here and
there with light, a dirt compound in which
were raised a few tent-like structures of
No Man’s Island

31

palm-leaves, dried and interwoven. For a
moment he could see nothing else save a
few calabashes in the foreground and some
shards and husks of coconuts.

  The place was damp and stank of decay
and filth. Sprawled out beneath the miser-
able edifices he made out the prone figures
of men, brown as natives, but bearded with
long, lank hair, apparently naked, listless,
almost lifeless, apathetic to everything.

  One of them stirred, feebly got upon all
fours and crawled out from a shelter. Out
of the bush of matted blond whiskers and
tousled hair there shone, in a ray of sun, the
light-blue eyes of a white man, a Teuton.
The eyes widened as their owner caught
sight of Hooper and his companions.

  With an effort he got to his feet, grasping
a staff of bamboo, and tottered forward.
He stopped five feet short of the stockade,
his face working with unbelief, with growing
credulity, with a wild, feverish gleam that
held fear. Then the fear vanished and
something like hate, wan and overwrought,
took place. The bony shoulders straight-
ened, the head went back.

  No one, friend nor foe, could gaze on such
a sight without pity. All the resentment
that Hooper had held in the back of his
brain against them, remembering the crews
he had sent out in their own boats from the
sunken ships, remembering even his own
faithful Kanakas, the cook and ’Polu the
mate, remembering his own servitude,
dwindled, vanished. The pity showed in
his eyes. And the man in the stockade
glared back defiance. It was Steiner.

  Back of him his comrades were coming
out, blinking, dragging themselves, ex-
hausted with effort before they compassed
half the distance to the bars; squatting, with
chests heaving painfully with the effort of
progress, mere shells of manhood, with eyes
that lacked the fire in their leader’s, eyes
that had learned to look only for fresh
torment.

  Where the sunbeams striped and spotted
them, scars showed, the sting-marks of in-
sects, half-healed festering wounds. One
or two had filthy rags about their loins; the
rest had none, or had ceased to care for
decency. Their blue eyes were pallid in the
deep hollows, ribs and hips protruded, el-
bows and knees appeared frightfully swol-
len between the sticks that represented their
limbs. Hooper turned to Tiburi with a
sudden blaze in his own eyes before which

the chief quailed though he did not under-
stand the reason. Were these not the ene-
mies of the friend of Him? Had he not de-
livered them, still alive, to be repaid for
what they had themselves done when
masters?

  Steiner’s voice was a croak, seeming to
come unwillingly from deep in his chest.
Hooper thought that none of them had
spoken for a long time.

  “It is you, Hooper?” he said in guttural
but excellent English. “So, you escaped!
And you have come back. In force. Or
have you come back to this No Man’s
Island to escape your conquerors?”

  He stopped and his knees trembled. He
gripped his staff and struggled for mastery,
for strength to go on talking. His teeth
gritted with the effort and his eyes dilated.
Hooper fancied his mind hanging in the
balance.

  “Deutschland, Deutschland iiber allesl”
croaked Steiner.

  Hooper’s pity was tinged with admira-
tion. Here was a man, for all his mistaken
creeds.

  “Give me the chocolate, Thompson,” he
said.

  Thompson gave the skipper the cakes of
concentrated nourishment he had brought
up from the stores and Hooper proffered
them between two of the bars. Steiner
made no move to take them. Hooper tossed
them within and instantly the men began to
crawl toward them, tearing at the paper
and foil with their teeth, munching at them
like starving apes.

  “The war is over, Steiner,” said Hooper.

  “Ja. And we are over all. You, you

with your - chocolate, you have run

away and you think to revenge yourself
upon me. But you will pay. Jal For
you have lost your country, American pig.
My race is master. For me-”

  He shrugged his shoulders and all the
bones of his torso shuffled hideously be-
neath the thin covering of skin and tissue
and worn muscles.

  “Germany did not win the war, Steiner.
And now there is no war. I have not come
for revenge. I have come to rescue you
from Tiburi.”

  “You lie! Pig of an American, you lie!
It is impossible!”

  But conviction of the truth crept into
him from Hooper’s steady, almost sympa-
thetic glance. Steiner began to foam at the
32

Adventure

mouth; his skull-like face was convulsed.
His eyes watched Hooper as the skipper un-
tied and unfolded the papers he had
brought. His lips curved back over his
teeth and he shook like a leaf, clutching his
bamboo support.

  “Here are papers, printed papers, dating
far back, Steiner. I expected you would
doubt my word and I brought these to con-
vince you. Don’t make a fool of yourself
and tear them up. I do not want to taunt
you. The world is trying to be at peace
again. I shall send you up clothes and
food so that you can feel fed and decent
again. You shall be taken out of this
place.”

  “And then what? Give me the papers.
Unless they are some trick.”

  “I would hardly go to all that trouble,
Steiner. You will see they are authentic.”
“What do you intend to do with us? To
take us prisoners? I’ll rot here first.”
“You can take your choice, Steiner,” said
Hooper coldly. “You will be under guard,
because there are a good many of you and,
when you get back your strength you may
attempt tricks yourself. But you are not
prisoners. There is no more war between
us. I will take you and your men back to
Honolulu in a few days and from there, I
imagine, you will be sent home to Ger-
many.”

  “No.”

  “Or you can stay as you are. Don’t be a
proud fool, Steiner. You’ve lost. Ger-
many has gone back across the Rhine. I’ll
send up those things I mentioned and then
we’ll transfer you to your old camp on the
crater terrace till we sail. I didn’t come
back on your account, but I am giving you
choice between Tiburi and Germany.”

  “If you speak the truth—” Steiner’s tone
quavered, for he felt that Hooper was not
talking lightly—“by what right do you take
me back? This island belongs to no man.
You have no authority here. I will accept
nothing from you.”

  “Better take the papers.” Hooper tossed
them inside the palisade. “You will be
more reasonable when we come back.”
Steiner spurned the newspapers with a
kick. He snarled at Hooper, broke into a
torrent of Teutonic invective and turned his
back, walking away. His shoulders heaved.
His spirit was in the throes of humiliation.
But his men dragged themselves up to the
bars. They took the papers and glanced at

them. One of them was able to read the
English characters and he began to spell out
to a little group. Others begged for more
chocolate. As Hooper turned away they
set up a wailing cry.

  “We’ll be back,” Hooper assured them.
“What have they been fed on?” he de-
manded of Tiburi.

  “Coconuts,” replied the chief. “A man
can live on coconuts.”

  Hooper turned away down the bush trail
that led past the village to the sea. He did
not want to break with Tiburi, but his heart
was sick within him.

   “I never fancied I’d feel particularly sorry
for Steiner, Tommy,” he said. “He had to
have the news, and the papers were the best
way of convincing him. But I think of no
greater torture than it will be for him to
read them under the circumstances.”
“Either break him or make him commit
murder, first chance he gets,” said Thomp-
son. “Not that I’m not sorry for those poor
devils. They’ve been starved and prodded
and stung half to death. Tiburi ought to
get a taste of his own medicine. He ought
to be fed on half a coconut a day, an old one,
with sour milk, till his pot-belly blows up
with gas.”

  “For a cannibal, he’s been lenient,” said
Hooper. “Though it was only because white
flesh makes them sick. We can’t take it out
on Tiburi. But I’ll give him a few pointers
about how to treat white men before we
leave. Of course he had some repayments
of his own to make to that crowd but he has
got to learn to respect our stock, the white
race. How, I’ll have to work out.

  “We’ll tackle that inner reef-entrance,”
he went on. “Blast it through enough for
the schooner to get into the crater lagoon.
Then we’ll get the pearls and sail away from
this place as soon as possible. No Man’s
Island? That’s a good name for it.

  “You can go back with the clothes and
food, Tommy. Maybe Manning will want
to go. We’ll transfer Steiner and his crowd
to the schooner. A day or so will work won-
ders with them. They need quinine.”
Tiburi halted at his village. He was keen
to examine his gifts more carefully, to array
himself in them.

  “I’ll send back for the white men,’* said
Hooper curtly. “I want some fish and fruit
from you, Tiburi. I’ll pay you for them.
And I may need some of your men for work.
We shall go to the crater this afternoon.
No Man’s Island

33

Him Who Walks Under the Water will be
with us. Both Hims.”

  Tiburi blinked. Savage-like, he had tem-
porarily forgotten the Hims.

“All that you want is yours,” he said.
“Thanks to Manning’s idea of the diving-
suits,” said Hooper to Thompson as they
descended to the beach and the waiting
whale-boat.

VIII

        AS A final object-lesson to Tiburi,
the Mary L. proceeded under power
to the crater. Steiner and his men,
many of them pitifully weak from fever,
dysentery and semi-starvation, were as-
sembled amidships between fore and main-
mast. There seemed little occasion to guard
men in such condition, but Hooper took no
chances, and four of the crew patrolled with
automatics and rifles.

  With the completion of the task well in
sight, Hooper unleashed his energies. After
a short consultation with Manning he
ordered Steiner to be brought down to the
cabin. The ober-leulnant, clad in white
ducks that fitted him fairly well, braced by
the food taken up to the stockade, held
himself with rigid reserve that did not lack
dignity, despite his tangle of hair and beard.

  “I am going to set you and your men
ashore on the terrace, Steiner,” said Hooper.
“In your own camp. You will be supplied
with provisions and utensils and you will
arrange for your own cooking. You will
also have medicines and bedding. You
will not attempt to leave the terrace.”
Steiner, erect, impassive, said nothing.
But his light blue eyes were baleful. He
carried the newspapers under his arm.

  “You will be guarded, for your own
safety as well as my own peace of mind,”
went on Hooper. “I do not trust you.
When we are ready to leave, we shall take
you with us to Honolulu. That is all. I
have provided the means for hair-cutting
and shaving,” he added.

  Without a word Steiner turned and left
the cabin, followed by the man who had
come with him as a guard.

  “He hardly looks dangerous.” suggested
Manning. “But I’ve an idea the man is
consumed with curiosity. He knows you
did not come down here solely on his ac-
count. And that type is always dangerous.”
“None of the crowd are seriously sick/’

replied Hooper. “A few days of good food
and a little medicine and freedom from that
stockade, and they’ll pick up again. They
are a sturdy lot. Sixteen of them, all told.
That means Tiburi has seven skulls in his
house. I don’t see what they could do but
we had best be careful. There were some
articles in those papers that spoke of pun-
ishment to those Germans Vho had been
foremost in horribleness. Steiner has sev-
eral boats’ crews on his mind—not on his
conscience. He may fear reprisal at Hono-
lulu. A trial, or being handed over to the
Allied authorities for court martial. I
hardly think it likely, but it is possible, of
course. That will be up to the Naval com-
mandant or whoever takes them over.

  “He’ll likely instil that idea into his men
and regain some official control over them.
Shouldn’t wondfer if he has already by sheer
example in that stockade prison. He was
the only man who retained any show of grit.
I wouldn’t wonder if the rest of them were
sorry the war ever started and glad it’s over.
But they are all puppets and Steiner is their
strong man.”

  “He’d like to get possession of the
schooner and emulate the survivors of the
Emden, I imagine,” said Manning. “But I
don’t see where they’ve got much chance to
do more than grit their teeth. Have a hard
time getting away from that terrace with
Tiburi waiting to scoop them up and glean
more gifts as a reward.”

  “We’ll guard them, just the same. I’ll
use those four men Edwards gave us for one
watch. Time they began to earn their
wages. Smith, Holabird, White and Hayes.
Andersen and Thompson, with the Finn and
another sailor, can relieve them. Watch
and watch, eight hours. That leaves your
assistants free for your job.”

  Andersen came part way down the com-
panion to report.

  “Heading up for that reef opening, sir.”
“All right, I’ll take the deck. Port and
starboard boats to be ready after we anchor.
Edwards will superintend putting supplies
aboard for the Germans. We are going to
maroon them on the terrace until we sail.
Arm Smith, Hayes, Holabird and White
with rifles and automatics. Extra clips and
full magazines. They’re to go on guard until
nine this evening. You and Thompson
will relieve them. I’ll see you about the
details later.”

  They followed the mate on deck where
34

Adventure

he prepared to carry out his orders. Hooper
himself mounted to the fore-spreaders to
con the schooner through the entrance in
the outer reef. The tide was flooding and
there was plenty of water under their keel
in the narrow break in the coral. He or-
dered the wheel aport and the Mary L. en-
tered the placid channel between the two
reefs, coming to anchor in fourteen fathoms
with a spring cable to a kedge carried to the
inner reef for extra precaution. The
barometer was steady, the weather prom-
ised fair.

  The boats were filled, Manning and
Hooper in the stem of one, Thompson and
Edwards in the other. All four carried
pistols. Two armed guards were in each
boat. The second entrance was plainly too
shallow for any attempt to take the schooner
inside the lagoon proper. And it was wide-
ledged. Hooper and Manning both gaged
it closely as their boat went through,
t “Take days to blast that,” said Manning.
“Waste of time, I think. You’ll be needing
the whale-boats, I suppose. Why not get
two big canoes from Tiburi and put a plat-
form on them for my equipment?”

  “Good idea. You are going to use the
suit that needs the air-pump?”

  “I prefer it. May use both. Can’t tell,
till I make a descent. Sand may have filled
in. In that case I’ll use Fong to help me.
Where is the wreck?”

  They spoke in low tones. It was obvious
that the sailors were all ears, leaning far
forward on their strokes to catch a word.

  “About a quarter of a mile to the right,”
said Hooper. “We’ll take a look at it as we
come back.”

  The gap in the side of the crater, which
had once emptied it of lava and later ad-
mitted the sea, showed like the blow of a
giant’s ax in the cliffs of obsidian. As they
neared it and caught a fair view of the inner
walls the contrast was startling. Half of
the crater was in shadow, though it was only
midaftemoon. The ocher half showed a
jungle of vivid green, palms lifting here
and there, water streaming down the sides.
One ©f these cascades fell to a tiny beach
to their left, just inside the entrance.

  At the far end the great images stood on
their stone terrace, staring at the invaders
with blind eyes, elliptical in shape, carven
deeply in the lava. As they came closer, a
trick of light and shade gave them a sem-
blance of crafty watching. There were

eleven of these gods, graven and set up by
a forgotten race. The largest was in the
center and the cliff had crumbled under its
weight, a fissure showing beneath the pedes-
tal, so that the image tilted forward at
a dangerous angle, threatening whoever in-
truded into this crater temple.

  Trees had sprouted along the terrace and
vines twined between the slim trunks. One
of these lianas had fairly lassoed the small-
est god and lifted it from its pedestal into
the air.

  The bodies had been dwarfed and dis-
torted. The great faces had long, dispro-
portionate noses above grim lips. There
was nothing of benignity about them.
They seemed to be biding their time, in
brooding resentment, like strange mon-
sters turned to stone. Back of them showed
clefts in the cliff, the caves of which Hooper
had spoken.

  Below the terrace two trails led right and
left in zigzag from the beach where Thomp-
son and Hooper had been kept. There, too,
were caves, but open to the water. The
trails had been fashioned into stairways
with wide, shallow treads, faced once with
stone slabs that had been shoved out of
place by the rank growth of bush and grass.
Some were entirely displaced.

  The terrace was nearly twenty feet in
width. On it were the grass houses that
Steiner had built, still in fair preservation.
The Germans were escorted to their old
camp and the guards installed after the
supplies were landed. As the boats rowed
off, Manning, twisting in the stern, saw
Steiner standing beside the great central
image, less in height than the massive pedes-
tal, staring down at them.

HOOPER ordered one boat back to
the schooner and steered his own
along the inner reef. Manning got
ready a water-glass he had brought with
him, a hopper-shaped, lidless box with a
glass bottom, part of his outfit. Hooper
gave the order to paddle slowly and hung
over the side, one arm raised. Presently he
dropped it and the men ceased rowing.

  “Back water. Easy! There, Manning,
we’re right over her.”

  The diver plunged the glass of his finder
below the surface, leaning far over the
gunwale, his face lost in the box.

  He saw, far down through the crystal
water, as if he had been looking through
No Man’s Island'

35

green glass, the broken hull of the Moana-
manu. Shoals of brilliant-colored fish swam
about above it and played over the decks
and through the gaps in the planks. Sea-
growths had sprung up already, waving
gently in the undercurrents. The' bottom
was sandy, patched with coral, thick with
marine shrubbery. The rowers poised their
oars, their eyes shifting, wide with curiosity.
The dripping from the blades to the surface
of the still lagoon was the Only sound in the
boat.

  Manning raised his head.

  “Masts all gone by the board,” he said.
“Nasty tangle of rigging. Decks are badly
broken, but that would be the air. Inner
decks likely intact. But there’ll be sand
inside the hull by the looks of it. We’ll
have to clear it and that is a tedious job.
We’ll make two descents a day It’s
clumsy work using hand tools. Two days’
job, I reckon it. Make it three, after we
get started.”

  “We’ve had enough for one day, I think,”
said Hooper. “I fancy our friend Tiburi
will be round bright and early tomorrow
to see if he can get some more trade, not to
mention gin. We’ll have the tribe on top
of us most of the time. Like so many kids
and, as long as you and Fong are working
in the suits, as harmless. We’ll set some of
them to work fixing up your pontoon for
you. Logs across the canoes and then grat-
ings and planks for the real deck will do it.
The rest can stock us up with fresh provis-
ions.

  “Look at those mullet,” he cried as a
school of silver fish rose above the surface.
“Two and three-pounders. We must have
a mess or two of those before we go. Finest
eating in the world. We’ll dynamite ’em.
That’s the only use we’re likely to have for
the stuff, I’m thinking.”

 He spoke buoyantly and Manning was
in like mood. The sight of the sunken wreck
made the pearls seem more real, almost
tangible. The diver’s experience told him
that the task that lay before them was not
overdifficult. Soon they would be off for
Honolulu, with a third of a million dollars
in gems aboard. And, from this adventure,
he looked forward to others. WTith Hooper.
Where and what, time would show. There
was always something to be turned up
south of Cancer for men of their kidney.
All thoughts of retirement ashore, or cruis-
ing for pleasure in a little sloop, had left him.

  At nine the relief went off to the terrace
and the four guards came back to report
that Steiner had established order in his
camp and that the men were cheerful.
They had cleared out two of the houses and
occupied them. There was fresh water in
one of the caves.

  “Last I see of ’em,” Holabird told his
skipper, “one yf ’em was playin’ barber to
the rest. The officer, he got shaved first of
all and had his hair clipped short to his
head. He’s got one house all to himself and
two of ’em told off to wait on him. Three
or four seem pretty sick but the rest are
lively enough. Cooked up somie chow that
smelled mighty good. Turned in by now,
I guess.”

  “All right, Holabird. You four will re-
lieve Mr. Andersen’s guard at five in the
morning. Better turn in yourselves now.
You’ll be on until two bells in the afternoon
watch.”

  The man saluted and went on deck.

  But neither he nor his companions turned
in. When Manning and Hooper went up—
Manning having proposed and Hooper hav-
ing accepted the suggestion that in the
absence of the mate they should split the
deck watch, for Hooper did not place im-
plicit confidence in Tiburi—they found the
watch on deck, the watch below and the
four guards gathered in groups, discussing
something avidly in low tones.

  There were no duties to be performed at
anchor, except a perfunctory one or two;
there was no especial rule that the men
should not stay on deck, but Hooper after
an hour sent the guards below with the
admonition that he wanted them to get
their rest in order to perform properly their
duty.

  Manning was to watch until midnight
and Hooper turned in. The seamen kept
chatting and Manning, pacing the after-
deck, saw the glow of their pipes and heard
now and then a voice raised and quickly
hushed. The topic of conversation was
evidently both exciting and communal.

  He could not eavesdrop; if he went for-
ward they would stop talking. But he
sensed something afoot and was not sur-
prized when at last, the watch below hav-
ing exhausted their interest or dulled it suffi-
ciently to sleep, a figure came forward along
the port rail and spoke. It was Fong.

  There being no helmsman, Manning was
alone on the after-deck. There was no
36

Adventure

moon and Fong, padding in his felted shoes
as softly as a cat, drifted like a shadow.
The watch on deck had gathered in the
bows, taking anchor privilege of a cat-nap.
“What is it, Fong?” asked Manning.
“Crew talk too much along that sunk
ship inside lagoon,” said Fong, his voice
dropped to a pipe, clear enough to Manning
but inaudible six feet away. “Too much
they talk why-for you dive. Some think
gold. Some speak peahl. Plenty too much
talk they make. They speak along those
fo’ men Edwa’d bling with him. Talk they
should have mo’ big piecee pay. All same
divide that gold, that peahl. Want that
two hundled fifty dolla you plomise. Want
mo’. Want it now. Tomollow. That
Edwa’d talk along that way, I think.
Make double.” -

  “Edwards wasn’t on deck.”

  “Too slick fo’ that. All same he tly
make double. Tomollow you see. I smoke
one li’l pipe in galley. They forget. They
think me sleep. I sabby all they talk.”

  “All right, Fong. Thanks. I’ll talk it
over with Mr. Hooper.”

  It was food for thought. The wreck and
its mystery had infected the crew. Talk of
treasure. Enormously magnified, without
doubt. Breeding greed.

  Hooper was not disposed to make light
of it when he came up at eight bells.

  “I’ll have a little talk with Edwards,” he
said. “I suppose he has been entertaining
them and himself at the same time. But
that crew is poor material for bolshevism.
We’ll nip that in the bud. The mistake
we’ve made is to have not told them at the
start what we were after. That it was my
own property. But we’ll mend that. We
have no proof that Edwards is in this.
Fong and he don’t hit it off.”

  “Fong doesn’t jump at conclusions,” said
Manning. “Good night.”

  At dawn the first canoes of Tiburi put in
an appearance, hovering outside both reefs
until the chief came along in his big canoe,
two hours later.

  Manning had come on deck again at four,
had se^n the relief go off to the crater at
five and the boat return with Andersen,
Thompson and their two assistants, eager
for a mug-up and sleep.

  Tiburi sheered alongside at six bells,
greeting Manning with a grin. It was the
first time the chief had seen him, not dream-
ing that here was Him Who Walks. Tiburi

was togged up in beads and rings and gaudy
trade handkerchiefs knotted about his loins
and he was evidentiy much pleased. He
made signs of wanting to come aboard after
he sensed that Manning could not under-
stand his talk, a fact that evidently low-
ered the diver in his estimation.'

  Edwards came on deck at this point and
approached the rail, calling out a greeting
in native.

  “Do you talk Melanesian?” asked Man-
ning.

   “I know something of the dialect, sir.”

  Manning was conscious of annoyance at
this fresh proof of Edwards’ ability. The
man was too clever to be a steward, he de-
cided. And for the first time he wondered
why the man had shipped. A real distrust
of him began to evolve. And then he real-
ized he might be biased.

  “Wants to come aboard, doesn’t he?”
he asked the steward.

   “He says he brings gifts, one big gift,"
said Edwards. “He’ll be wanting some-
thing in return, sir. Including gin. Shall
we let him up?”

  “With five men only. And call the cap-
tain.”

   “Very good, sir.”

  Edwards spoke a few words and spread
the fingers of one hand. Instantly Tiburi
and five natives came over the side, grin-
ning amiably. The chief had a bundle in
his hand tied up in tapa cloth. The canoe
was piled up with fruit, fish and two young,
freshly slaughtered pigs. These were
handed up and deposited on deck showily
while Edwards called Hooper, who came on
deck in his pajamas.

  Edwards followed with a gin-bottle, at
the sight of which Tiburi drooled. At a
gesture from the skipper the steward poured
out a generous measure in a glass. Tiburi
reached for it with one hand and preempted
the bottle with his other capacious paw.
His men watched him with envious eyes as
he swallowed the fiery stuff, ignoring the
glass after he had emptied it and applying
himself'to the bottle. The package in tapa
cloth he had put between his feet.

  “Tzhah! Evah!”

  He smacked his lips with supreme con-
tent then broke into a babble of Melanesian.
Edwards, standing by Manning, translated
for the latter’s benefit.

  “He says he brings one very big gift, to
show his friendship. He has never before
No Man’s Island

37

made such a gift. And he hopes the skip-
per will bear that in mind when he makes
gifts in return.”

  Tiburi finished his oration and then did
the same thing to the bottle of squareface.
Apparently it had no other effect upon him
than to make him genial and warm his pot-
belly, which he rubbed „ appreciatively.
Then he squatted on his haunches and un-
rolled the tapa-cloth bundle.

9JA SEVEN hideous, gruesome things
rolled out clumsily on the deck.
They were the heads of men, not
skulls, but heads smoked for preservation.
The curing-process had apparently not been
completed. The dried flesh looked like
gutta-percha; the twisted lips were set in
sardonic smiles. Three of them bore wisps
of yellow mustaches. The others were clean-
shaven. None of them had beards.

  Up to the time of Tiburi’s successful coup
against Steiner’s camp, they had evidently
possessed a razor but no shears. The hair
was long, save for one head, which was bald.
And from one of these had come the gold-
filled teeth that decorated Tiburi's neck-
lace. He picked up one of the heads by its
tow-colored locks and, proffered it to
Hooper with a smile that showed his filed
Weth, and another flow of words.

  “To give away heads,” he says, “is to do
what no other chief has done. Now he has
delivered all the skipper’s enemies, so far
as he is able.”

  Hooper stood his ground, surveying the
relics gravely. Manning had harder work
to control his feelings. Hooper turned to
Edwards.

  “Bring up some trade,” he said. “Not
too much. And one of the trade axes for
the chief. Bring something to put these in.”
He appeared to Manning to be thanking
Tiburi with sufficient emphasis to suit the
chief, who replaced the heads in their pack-
age and stood up, expectant of the return
gifts. Edwards appeared with handker-
chiefs and beads and with a cheap hatchet
which Hooper presented in person. Tiburi
took the ax and felt its edge, wheeled and
brandished it suddenly above the heads of
his men, delighted as a child with a new toy.

  “We'll have to give those heads decent
burial,” said Hooper to Manning. “They
prove that he is properly impressed with
us, at any rate.”

  “We’ll have to keep him away from the

schooner while we are diving,” said Man-
ning. “If he sees Fong or myself with our
helmets off, or even being rowed over to the
pontoon fully dressed, he’ll smell a rat.
He seems smart enough. Cjods wouldn’t
use a boat, not water-gods, anyway. If he
ever tumbles to the fact that we are just
men, recognizes the fact that the god is me,
dressed up, there’ll be trouble.”

  “I’ve thought of that,” said Hooper.
“It’s easily fixed. I’ll tell him the Hims are
going to get something for us out of the
wreck. He knows about the wreck, of
course. And I’ll tell him they are going to
establish a tabu. We’ll set up stakes on the
reef with red cloth on ’em and put out buoys
with red flags. They’ll keep outside them
and we’ll make them far enough way from
the pontoon to keep them guessing. We
can rig up a screen on the pontoon like we
did on deck.”

  He spoke to Tiburi authoritatively and
the savage listened with awe creeping into
his features. Then he smiled, answered,
went to the fail and shouted an order,
gathered up his gifts, looked longingly
and suggestively at the empty bottle and
with his men departed overside; paddling
away through the inner reef toward the
crater. The other canoes followed him.
Two canoes had darted away at his com-
mand, going fast in the direction of the cone.

  “He will respect the tabu,” said Hooper.
“He has sent for two canoes for your pon-
toon and his men will furnish green timber
for the under platform. Also all the pro-
visions we want to take. They are going to
camp on that little beach just inside, where
the water all comes down, so as to be hai^dy.
Partly fear, partly hope of more gifts, and
mostly curiosity.

  “What’s the engine running for?” he
asked Edwards as he caught the sound of
the exhaust.

  “I ordered it connected up with the ice-
machine, sir,” said Edwards. “We need
some and I thought a cake of ice might sur-
prize the chief. Nothing like a little magic
to keep them impressed, sir.”

  “Humph! All right.” The ice-machine
was part of the original equipment of the
Mary L. and its product was very accept-
able. “Look here, Edwards.” Hooper went
on. “Have you been talking with the men
about what we are after in the wreck?
They seem to have got some exaggerated
ideas about it. I’m going to have a talk
38

Adventure

with the whole ship’s company later.”
“They’ve been wondering about it, na-
turally, sir,” replied Edwards frankly.
“The idea of a wreck and divers would be
sure to stir up talk. They mentioned it to
me, some of them, and I told them I didn’t
know. Suggested they’d all know for them-
selves before long. But you can’t keep sail-
ors from gamming, sir. They’ve got an
idea it’s gold, I think.” His face was in-
curious, his manner usual.

  “All right, Edwards. I’ll attend to it.
I’m holding you responsible for the stores,
from new on, with Mr. Thompson on guard-
duty. And the gin.”

   “Yes, sir. I shall be careful, sir.”

  Late in the afternoon, when White, Hola-
bird and the two other guards returned
from the terrace, Hooper assembled all the
crew. Thompson w^s to talk to the two
sailors with him and Andersen. The mate,
Hooper had talked to in the cabin.

  “See here, men,” he said. “There’s been
talk among you of not being satisfied with
what has been promised you. What of it?
Out with it, one of you. Talk up!”

  His voice was brisk with authority. It
was the first time he had shown sternness
and the men stiffened to the deep tone and
the flash of the skipper’s eyes. They shuf-
fled but said nothing. Back of them Fong
stood impassive.

  “Come now,” warned Hooper. “I’ll have
no behind-the-hand grumbling aboard. You,
Holabird, step out.”

  “Me, sir. I-”

  “You were gamming with the rest of
them. Talking about shares. We’ll settle
this right here and now.”

  Holabird hemmed and hawed as the men
looked at each other in confusion, wonder-
ing how the skipper had known of their talk.
And they shoved Holabird to the front.

  “We—we wanted to know just where our
bonus was coming from, skipper,” he said
hesitatingly. “An’ when we was to get it.
That’s natural, ain’t it? You might turn us
off at Honolulu, an’ a pore man’s word is no
good against a rich man’s.” A muttered
“aye” from the rest encouraged him.

  “There’s a law for treasure-trove, ain’t
they? Or they ought to be. Shares for all
on the job.”

  Hooper’s eyes blazed and he advanced a
step. Holabird quailed a little but faced
him, his eyes shifting, inclined to be bellig-
erent.

  “Treasure-trove!” thundered the skipper.
“Who said anything about treasure-trove?

I told you there were valuables aboard that
wreck. Mine, as the ship was mine. This
is a legitimate. enterprise to recover my
property. You’re talking close to mutiny,
my man, and I know how to deal with that.”
“And if you don’t get it, what about the
bonus?” asked Holabird. “Nothing signed
as to us gettin’ it one way or the other.”
Some one prodded or pushed Holabird
as Hooper strode forward. He lurched,
stumbling, one arm out, against Hooper.
As the latter held him off, Holabird, in a
sudden frenzy struck out. Instantly
Hooper countered, side-stepped and hit
him on the side of the jaw. The man
slumped like a meal sack. For a second it
looked as if there would be a rush. Man-
ning’s hand dropped to the holster of his
automatic. Rifles lay on the hatchway in
accordance with trading-vessel regulations.
‘■‘Get forward, all of you,” roared Hooper.
They obeyed. Holabird began to stir.

  “A-bad thing to have to do,” said

Hooper to Manning. “But, if I hadn’t,
they would have misinterpreted it.”

  He stood over Holabird, who opened his
eyes and gazed up at him vacantly, then
with an ugly gleam.

  “Your own fault, Holabird,” said Hooper.
“Some one pushed you into me. I wasn’t
going to strike you till you hit out. Now
get down to your bunk. You’ll get your
bonuses at Honolulu if we carry this
through. Tell the rest of them that and
warn them to stop their silly jabbering.”
Holabird got up slowly, nursing his
bruised jaw. Manning thought he threw a
look of appeal toward Edwards but the lat-
ter was not looking at him. Holabird sul-
lenly saluted and went forward. Suddenly
the atmosphere had changed aboard. There
was a rift between forecastle and afterguard.

NEXT morning the rift had closed
to all appearances. Tiburi was on
hand with his men at dawn, bring-
ing the two big canoes for the hull of the
pontoon and saplings for the under deck.
Every one worked with a will and the at-
mosphere seemed cleared. Holabird and
the other three of the relief guard went
away in the whale-boat cheerfully, Edwards
with them, carrying to the terrace some of
No Man’s Island

39

the fresh fruits and fish Tiburi’s followers
supplied.

  There was a surplusage*of labor, willing,
but in the mass unintelligent. The natives
in their canoes got in the way. Tiburi was
prodigal enough with his orders and, if
Hooper had not put a stop to it, they wquld
have brought enough island provender to
stock a battle-cruiser. He was forced t©
establish the tabu lines early in the morn-
ing, as soon as there was enough lumber in
sight for Manning to complete his pontoon.

  Although he made no protests, plainly in
awe of the Hims, it was evident that Tiburi
did not relish the tabu. Hitherto that had
been his supreme privilege on the island and
his obedience to the restrictions of another
made him feel as if he had lost face to some
extent. The schooner was a powerful mag-
net for the savage chieftain. It was the
treasure-box that held many gifts, that fur-
nished the gin he craved. He had strong
liquors enough of his own but this brew the
white man supplied was different. More
pungent and with a speedy stimulus to his
stomach that the native ferments no longer
held.

  Hooper was quick to see this mood and
to meet it.

  “The schooner is tabu between the time
the sun goes down and comes up again,
Tiburi,” he said. “It is tabu everywhere
within the red cloths while the Hims are
helping us. There will be many gods below
the waters and they do not wish to be spied
upon. If they become angry I can not stop
them from visiting their wrath upon those
who have displeased them. So long as the
red cloths fly you and your men must keep
outside the marks. But the water-gods do
not work all day and, when it is safe, I will
take down the cloths and you are free to
visit the ship. But only your canoe must
come alongside and only five of your men
must board with you.”

  Tiburi looked his surprize at the five fin-
gers and promptly held up ten. But
Hooper frowned and shook his head.

  “Five, I tell you.”

  “No sense in taking any chances at this
end of the game,” heboid Manning when he
returned from setting up the tabu stakes in
the reef and putting out the floating mark-
ers. ' “No sense, either, in getting Tiburi
peeved so long as he serves us. But his
kind is always treacherous and they have
memories only a little better than apes.

As long as the object-lesson is in front of
them, they respect it, but;, they hold only
one idea at a time, whether it is a matter
of gifts, of supplying their stomachs or
making war. I learned that in the New
Hebrides.

  “They’ll take a notion to ‘make their vil-
lage strong,’ as they call it, which is just
showing-off, or a chief’s son will die, or a
crop will fail. Then they will swoop down
upon some friendly trader with whom they
have been chumming for months and mur-
der him, seizing the excuse to raid his store.

  “His goods have been tickling the back of
their minds right along. Tiburi has no one
to show off to but his own following, and
this Him Who Walks' business has to some
extent set him down in their opinion. But
they’ll keep the tabu so long as we don’t
maintain it all the time.”

  Manning glanced at the fluttering strips
of red cloth. Hooper had drawn a wide cir-
cle about the pontoon and the yacht. With
the canvas screen, opening seaward, and
the natural confusion of several figures on
the raft, together with the bulk of the pump
and other equipment, it would be hard for
the savages, keeping the distance, to dis-
tinguish much of what was going on. The
canvas screen would act as dressing-room
for the divers. Manning nodded his ap-
proval.

  “We'll change on the pontoon,” he said,
“and carry the suits back to the schooner
every night. They’ll need overhauling.
Working in sand is liable to wear the rub-
ber. Pontoon’s ready to anchor. A bit to
shore of the wreck with enough cable to
allow for rise and fall of the tide. The cur-
rents will set us up and down a bit.”

  Hooper nodded in turn. Such matters of
adjustment he knew to be necessary as well
as Manning, but this was the diver’s job
and he was content to let him carry it
through without suggestion. Manning
knew his work. So did his assistants. They
were all competent and they labored to the
point, Fong with them, like men who were
u:ed to each other and respected each
other’s capabilities. The under deck had
been laid in place, lashed and spiked. On
this spare planks and gratings made a
smooth surface, well supported by the two
buoyant hulls of built-up planks, sewn with
sinnet. calked with native gums. The out-
riggers had been left on the canoes and the
contrivance was a complete success.
40

Adventure

  “I’ll make two descents a day, with
Fong,” said Manning. “An hour under-
water each time. Perhaps more, but it’s
exhausting work. It’s the sand that
bothers me. Could you warp in the
schooner closer to the reef without much
risk, Hooper?”

  “So long as the weather holds, yes.
Why?”

  “That schooner yacht of ours has some
fancy quipment that will be useful, like
the ice-machine. I mean the fire-hose. The
best way to handle sand is by hydraulic
force, the same as they wash gravel banks
for gold. If we couple up both those hoses
they will reach across the reef and down to
bottom, I think. If not, we can sew up
some canvas, I suppose, for an extension.”
“I see,” said Hooper. “Attach to the
engine and the pump and give you a strong
stream at the nozzle. That’s a new idea to
me. Fighting water with water.”

  “It works,” said Manning. “Tricks to
all trades. The hose is a mean thing to
handle down there but there will be two of
us. Will you tackle that end of it while I
anchor the pontoon? We ought to get
everything ready today for a descent to-
morrow morning, if we’ve any luck.”

  Tiburi got no chance to board the
scho«ner that day. The tabu flags did not
come down. All hands labored hard to
complete the preliminaries and the sun was
close to the horizon before Manning an-
nounced it satisfactory. The canoe flo-
tilla, between twenty and thirty craft,
drawn up as if about to witness a regatta,
remained well beyond the bounds all day,
some of them fishing as the afternoon wore
on, but all eager to watch what the white
men were about, half-fearful of some demon-
stration from the Hims.

  Tubiri left with his big canoe in mid-
afternoon. Hooper guessed him sulky and,
as soon as it could be spared, sent Edwards
in a whale-boat over to the little beach
where the chief had settled himself. He
bcrtfe a propitiation in the shape of a few
trinkets and two bottles of gin.

  “He was a bit peevish,” the steward re-
ported on his return, “but the gin mellowed
him, sir. I showed him a few little tricks
and got him amused.”

  The sailors who had rowed Edwards
snickered at this as they held on to the
anchored pontoon and Hooper looked at
them sharply.^

  “What kind of tricks, Edwards?” he de-
manded.

  “Nothing much, sir. Just parlor con-
juring. I used to do it sometimes for the
passengers aboard the Moana at a concert.
Like this, sir.”

  He held up a dollar and palmed it, showed
it vanished, produced it from the nose of
one of the sailors. Then he took out a ban-
danna handkerchief from his coat pocket,
spread it on the pontoon deck, folded in the
corners, spread another one over it and,
when he raised this again, the first cloth
was piled with strings of beads, small mir-
rors and brass curtain-rings.

  “I buried one of the bottles in the sand,
sir,” said the steward with a deprecating
manner. “Then I showed him the mango
trick, only I used some scrub pandanus of
different heights. A Jap showed me how
to do that and it made a big hit with Tiburi,
especially when I told him to dig under the
roots and he found the bottle. I’ve done
quite a bit in that way down in the Fijis,
sir, where I learned my dialects, and it al-
ways impressed the natives. Tiburi and his
men have never seen anything of that sort,
sir. I promised him to show him how to
make water boil without fire—the Seidlitz-
powder trick, sir.”

  “Humph!” Hooper exchanged a glance
with Manning and narrowed his eyes.
“That’s all right tfor this once, Edwards,
but, after this, Mr. Manning or myself will
do the wonder-working. Too many wizards
spoil the show.”

  “Yes, sir. Very well, sir. Sorry if I over-
stepped, sir.”

  Edwards, with Fong transferred to the
pontoon, had volunteered to cook, and he
went off to the schooner to get supper ready.

  “That chap’s too clever and too fond of
showing it,” Hooper said to Manning in a
low tone. “Yet he never does anything
Wthout a plausible excuse tacked on to it.
But I’ll have to offset his tricks or Tiburi
will be thinking him the whole show, next
to the Hims.”

  “I agree with you,” answered Manning.
“Fong said it long ago. Too-slick.”

■cant THE next afternoon, after the sec-
SfowJi ond descent, with the tabu tempo-
BQH rarily removed, Hooper received
Tiburi and ushered him into the cabin,
where he fearfully took a seat upon the red-
plush transom where Him Who Walks had
No Man’s Island

4i

been throned, glancing about him as if he
expected punishment for his temerity.

  Hooper, like all trading captains, had a
stock of simple tricks on hand for the diver-
sion and amazement of unsophisticated
natives. Most tribes were familiar with
them. Their own wizards used them, mixed
in with devices of their own. But Tiburi
appeared to brook no conjuror in his tribe
and he himself was ripe for wonderment.
Steiner had shown him certain things and
Edwards had gone further. Hooper pre-
pared to cap the climax.

  He served the gin himself, taking the bot-
tle from Edwards and dismissing the stew-
ard in a manner that showed plainly who
was the supreme authority aboard. He
winked at Manning as he set down by the
chief a second tumbler which he stated con-
tained water, knowing Tiburi would ignore
it. He himself had a third glass. This he
sipped as. Tiburi gulped down his gin.
Manning had also helped himself to water,
which he drank.

  As Tiburi poured himself another quan-
tum, Hooper reached out for his extra glass
and set it close to his own. He had placed
on one of his fingers one of those paste dia-
monds made famous in minstrel shows and
the chief’s eyes had never left the sparkling
bauble. Hooper set the fingers of the ring-
bearing hand about one glass and lifted it.

  “Can you make fire come out of water,
Tiburi?” he asked. “Can you make water
boil without fire?”

  “Only the gods can do that,” answered
the chief a little uneasily. He was alone in
the cabin with the two white men who held
authority on the schooner and he did not
like it. “Talu did that when he brought up
the smoking islands from the bottom of the
sea,” he said.

  “It is easy,” went on Hooper, and poured
one dissolved Seidlitz powder into another.

  Tiburi’s eyes goggled as the mixture
sizzed and apparently boiled over. He
gasped when Hooper quaffed half the hiss-
ing draught and handed the rest to Man-
ning to finish. He hastily lifted the half-
empty squareface to his lips and let the
stuff run down his throat to restore his
equanimity. But Hooper was not through.
Another gin-bottle stood in a rack, un-
corked. He took this and a tin cup beside
it and poured out a little liquid into the
latter.

  “Now stand away,” he ordered.

  Tiburi watched him fascinatedly as he
struck a match and tossed it into the ounce
of gasoline. It flared up with a vicious roar
toward the open skylight and Tiburi in-
continently bolted for the deck. The sight
of his men checked him and he turned his
back on them, his face gray with fright
that he strove to fight down. If this white
man could do this with water what might
not the Hims accomplish?

  Hooper and Manning had followed him
and Hooper drew from his finger the mock
diamond.

  “Because you are my friend,” he said to
Tiburi, placing the fake in the chief’s hol-
lowed, slightly trembling palm.

  Tiburi straightened. Delight banished
fear for the time.

  “Eyah/” he exclaimed, and exhibited the
glittering thing to his five men. “Here is
a gift from a friend to a friend!”

  And, while his followers jabbered, Tiburi
strung the diamond on a sennit plait that
had held a disk of pearly shell roughly
carved into the semblance of a frigate-bird.
He swelled his chest so that the jewel broke
out into little rainbows in the sunshine,
and offered the pearl ornament to Hoo-
per.

  The skipper took it and handed it on to
Manning, who examined and returned it.

  “Beware of a cannibal offering gifts,” he
said with a smile.

  “True enough,” said Hooper. “But
we’ve got his goat for the time being.”

  “And put Edwards’ nose out of joint,”
muttered Manning.

  Hooper pointed to the west.

  “The sun sinks,” he said to the chief.
“The ship will soon be tabu.” Tiburi
seemed glad enough to take the hint and
his canoe was soon racing for the crater.

  “How did you get along today, Man-
ning?” asked Hooper. “First chance I’ve
had to ask you.”

  “Good progress. The hose works well.
Some sand will drift back with the tide but
we’ve got the bulk of it shifted. It’s mainly
shifted in between decks and packed pretty
solidly. But the floor of your traderoom
seems still solid. The hull will be filled up
underneath, clear into the frame of that
hatchway, but I wouldn’t be surprized but
what we got to the pearls the first trip down
the day after tomorrow. I shan’t need
Fong for that. He can go back in the galley
again.”
4 2

Adventure

  “Don’t you like Edwards’ chow?” asked
Hooper quizzically.

  “I’m not stuck on anything he does,”
said Manning.

X

MANNING had been down for an
hour and a half. It was the morn-
ing on which he expected to retrieve
the pearls and Hooper was anxious, not for
the gems, but for the man he had come to
know as his friend, to give some of that
whole-souled affection peculiar between
man and man, a bond, that, once given, out-
lasts all wear and tear.

  He crouched at the head of the ladder
inside the canvas screen, peering down at
the wreck. He could see nothing of Man-
ning, hidden by the ragged upper deck, but
a stream of bubbles came up constantly
from the azure transparency and showed
the pump was working.

  Beside him were two of the diver’s assist-
ants. One held the signal-cord, the other
tended life-line and air-tube, careful that
the latter should not kink or chafe against
the side of the pontoon. Outside the screen,
in plain view of the wondering ring of na-
tives in their canoes beyond the tabu flags,
the third man toiled steadily at the com-
pressing-wheel of the pump.

  The hose had been disconnected. Man-
ning had declared the way clear but he
seemed to have struck trouble.

  Hooper fidgeted with his faatch. Fong
had come on deck on the schooner and was
standing by the rail, watching the pontoon.

  “An hour and thirty-eight minutes,” said
Hooper. “Pretty long spell, isn’t it?”

  “I’ve known him stay down two hours
when he wanted to finish something,” ans-
wered the man with the signal-cord. “That’s
Manning’s way. He’s all right. He’ll be
done up when he comes out but I’ll bet my
bonus he’s got what he’s after. If it’s
there.”

  “I guess it’s there all right,” answered
Hooper, a little nervously.

“Tides play strange tricks,” said the man.

  “Hey, Bill, you got a bite,” cried the sec-
ond helper.

  The signal-cord jerked.

“He’s coming up,” said the man excitedly.

  Hooper lent a hand to the stout life-line.
Leaning over, they could see Manning com-
ing into view through the broken planks.
There was a swirl of water about him and

  his figure was distorted. If he carried any-
thing they could not see it. He clung to
the life-line and swayed up through the ten
fathoms, Bill coiling the signal-line as it
slacked, the third man doing the same with
the air-pipe.

  Manning caught the ladder, got his feet
on the lower rounds and rested to adjust
the pressure. Then he came up heavily as
the pontoon tilted slightly. His helmeted
head appeared and Hooper and one of the
men got hands under his shoulders and
hoisted him on to the float, where he sat
limply. His hands were chafed raw, the
ends of his fingers bloody. And he carried
no package.

  But Hooper did not think of that as he
helped to unscrew the helmet and held to
Manning’s lips a tot of gin. The diver
swallowed the stuff and smiled.

  “Got ’em,” he said. “Touch and go.
Another month and we’d nevecJiave found
’em.

  “In my kit-bag,” he continued as one
man unlaced his heavy shoes and the third
helped him wriggle out of his suit. Belt and
its knife, pendent crowbar and water-proof
pocket were already off. Hooper picked
them up and felt in the bag. His eyes
brightened as he touched several cylindri-
cal objects and drew one out, the wax paper
broken but the foil intact.

  “Tarpaulin washed away, rubber rotted,”
said Manning, getting to his feet a trifle
groggily, sweat matting his thick crop of
hair and streaming down his face. “The
sand had packed up from below, as I
thought it would. Worked in through the
chinks in the hatchway framing. But the
pearls were there. Found one or two pack-
ages as I clawed the stuff out. Regular
sandstone. Count ’em, Hooper, I think I
got them all.”

  “They’re all here, Manning,” said
Hooper, clapping the other on the shoulder
and gripping in affectionately. “We’ll start
back tomorrow. Edwards says Steiner’s
crowd has livened up considerably. Not
that I’m considering them.” He weighed
the little packages in both his hands, his
face aglow. “That third divvy doesn’t go
between us, Manning,” he went on. “It’<'-
halves, partner.”

  The two shook hands.

  “A third was the agreement,” said Man-
ning. Then, as he read the other’s eyes,
“Except on one condition.”
No Man’s Island

43

  “Granted.”

  “We go shares in everything from now
on. I’m sick of diving. Let’s get a schooner
and go into something together. Cruising
or trading. Unless you’re tied up?”

  The thought of some woman in connec-
tion with Hooper crossed his mind for the
first time.

  “Not me,” replied Hooper. “No strings,
petticoat or otherwise, if that’s what you’re
thinking, old man. So, let’s go aboard,
boys. We’ll break the prohibition rules for
once. Outside the three-mile limit, any-
way.”

  They all laughed at the light quip, ex-
hilarated at the ending to the trip. Man-
ning put on his clothes, they set the suit in
the boat and rowed off to the schooner
where Fong was waiting them.

  “Heap sabby you get all same,” he said,
his yellow face beaming.

  The men crowded up, scenting the excite-
ment. Hooper sent Edwards for the liquor.

  “A drink for success, men,” he said.
“Home tomorrow.”

  They gave three hearty cheers, led by
the steward.

  It was Andersen’s shift aboard, his relief
almost up. He came on deck at the cheer-
ing, followed by Thompson. Manning took
Hooper aside.

  “Where does Thompson come in?” he
asked. “Just on the bonus?”

  “I’m looking out for him,” said Hooper.

  “You mean we are, partner,” answered
Manning.

  As they started for the cabin, the pack-
ages still unbroken, Andersen asked about
the tabu flags.

  “They heard the cheering, sir,” he said.
“Getting worked up.”

  “Keep them flying until after chow,” said
Hooper. “Then you can chuck the things
away. We’re through. Come on, Man-
ning. I’ve got something to open your
eyes.”

  And he hooked his arm familiarly through
that of the diver.

  Manning had seen pearls before but never
so many, so symmetrical, so full of fire.
The foil had preserved their luster, kept
them from the grinding grit of the sand.
They were fuzzy with delicate bloom. Hooper
separated them and placed some in pairs.

  “Worth fifty per cent, more when they
match up,” he said. “I’ve worked hard to
get this bunch together.” He fondled

  them, holding them in the cup of his hand,
but there was no greed in his voice.

  “Miracles to come out of a sick shellfish,
aren’t they?” he said. “Look at those two
pairs, Manning. Worth ten thousand dol-
lars in Tahiti this minute. We’ll take ’em
to better markets.

  “Hang it, man,” he broke off, “we haven’t
fixed your fingers. They are raw.”

  “Feel as if they’d been sandpapered,”
admitted Manning as Hooper gathered up
the pearls and put them away in a chamois
poke. “But- my main trouble is my
stomach. It’s buckling. Two hours down
uses up all your fuel. What are you going
to do withjjhem?”

  “Split ’em,” said Hooper. “I bought
two belts. You’ll wear half and so will I.
Come into my cabin and we’ll fix them
while Fong’s bringing chow.”

  Edwards had come in and started to lay
the table. He glanced at the leather bag
but said nothing.

  “As soon as I’ve stowed away my outfit,”
said Manning. “Got any adhesive in the
medicine kit?”

  “I’ll get it, sir,” said Edwards and dis-
appeared. Manning and Hooper put away
the suit, which had been carried down
earlier by Fong. The steward came back
with tape and scissors and Hooper cut out
the pieces with which Manning patched his
tom fingers. Then, in Hooper’s cabin,
they put away the pearls and adjusted the
belts. The meal was ready when they came
out. Andersen and Thompson joined
them.

  “You can tell Steiner to get ready to
move tomorrow,” Hooper said to the mate.
“On the ebb, about noon. We’ll come for
them at six bells. And, as you go off, take
up those tabu buoys and stakes.”

  “What are you going to do this after-
noon, Manning?” he asked when the mate
and Thompson had left, after discussing
the find a little. “Turn in?”

  “Got to dismantle the pontoon and get,
the pump aboard.”

  “Your men can do that. I imagine
you’re tired out.”

  “But not sleepy. And I usually am,
after a long spell under. Why?”

  “I feel like a holiday. Let’s go out ar.d
get a mess of mullet. We’ll give Tiburi
another exhibition of fire and water. And
it’s a heap of fun.”

  He spoke like a boy and Manning entered
44

Adventure

into his mood. The job was done, the
reaction strong.

  “I’ll go with you,” he said, “if it’s only
to see you don’t blow off an arm. I’ve
seen several cripples in the islands from
that game.”

  “No danger, if you’re careful. Cut the
fuse right, ruffle it up a bit, stick a match
in it, light the match, count two and heave
the half a stick. Toss it fairly high. Bet-
ter to have it explode too soon than wet
the primer and sink. Don’t take much to
stun the fish if we find a school. Tiburi
hasn’t ever brought us any mullet. They’re
rare eating.”

AS THEY rowed off, with two
sailors at the oars, a box of the
dynamite In the stern, they passed
Manning’s assistants working on the pon-
toon. The pump had already been sent
off to the schooner and the men were taking
apart the decks preparatory to turning over
the canoes to the natives. A dozen canoes
drifted at a respectful distance, the savages
looking on at the white men or gazing into
the water.

  “There’ll be twenty of them diving down
presently to see what they can in the wreck,”
said Hooper. “Soon as they feel sure the
Hims are gone. They know we’ve got
something worth while out of it.”

  “How about Tiburi?” asked Manning.
“If he comes off to the schooner? I don’t
see his canoe.”

  “There it is.” Hooper pointed to the
crater-entrance with the big canoe coming
out of it. “I left strict orders with Ed-
wards. No men to come aboard but the
chief and only one bottle of gin. We’ll gift
him up tomorrow before we leave. He can
have everything that’s in the traderoom.”
“Fong’ll keep an eye on him,” said Man-
ning. “I don’t trust that steward, Hooper.
He happened along too handily in Honolulu
with his four men.”

  “They’ve behaved themselves all right,
except Holabird, and he took his lesson well
enough. And we’ve got the pearls,” he
added as he slapped his belt, hidden be-
neath his clothes. “That looks like a school
of mullet.”

  They rowed down the lagoon inside the
reef in the direction of a ripple that showed
just above the surface. But the fish broke
water before they reached throwing-dis-
tance. And they were not mullet.

  Manning helped Hooper prepare their
grenades and they rowed about the reef.
But luck, with them in the big adventure,
was niggardly with smaller gifts.

  “Fish-sharks inside,” said Hooper at
length. “Won’t go out till the tide turns.
Mullet are all inside the crater lagoon.
Get some tomorrow' before we leave. Bet-
ter go back and see what Tiburi is up to.
His canoe is still alongside.”

  The pontoon was broken up by the time
they reached the schooner. Hooper gaVe
an order for hoisting the boat to the falls
and climbed the gangway ladder, followed
by Manning. Tiburi was not on deck.
Fong came out of his galley and pointed to
the cabin. Hooper frowned and moved
quickly to the open skylight, looking down,
Manning beside him.

  Tiburi sat on the red-plush seat with
Edwards beside him. They seemed to
have been deep in conversation and the
steward gazed up suddenly with a startled
air, duplicated by Tiburi, who rose uneasily.
An empty gin-bottle was on the table.
The two partners hurried down the ladder
and faced them. Hooper’s brow was dark
with a frown.

  “Who gave you the idea of entertaining
Tiburi in the cabin?” he demanded sharply.

  For once Edwards seemed nonplussed.
He licked his lips before he answered.

  “I didn’t suppose there was any harm
in it, sir. I didn’t mean it as a liberty.
No men came aboard and there’s only been
the one bottle. The chief is crazy about
the furnishings, sir. He wants this settee
as a gift.”

  “Did you give it to him?” Manning’s
voice was sarcastic and the steward gave
him an ugly glance.

  “I did not, sir.”

  “All right, Edwards,” said Hooper dryly.
“You may go for’ard.”

  The steward left with a quick look pass-
ing between him and the chief. Tiburi
had gathered himself together. It was
plain t* both the white men that Edwards
had lied about the liquor, though there was
only the one bottle in evidence. Tiburi
was inclined to swagger. His eyes met
Hooper’s almost defiantly.

  “I am a big chief! A great chief,” he
said, pounding his chest so that the mock
jewel danced. “Many men obey me.”
He worked his fingers rapidly. “Edduadi,
he big chief, too:”
No Man’s Island

45

  “Not so big as I am. Not so big as my
friend here,” said Hooper quietly but with
meaning emphasis. “Suppose you are so
big a chief, do you want to drink some of
that firewater?”

  Tiburi winced but recovered, swaying a
little as the fumes of the gin vapored in his
brain.

  “Not so big as Him Who Walks Under
the Water, Tiburi,” went on Hooper, ob-
serving him carefully. »

  He fiddled in his pocket for a gasoline
cigar-lighter he had filled and carried along
to ignite the dynamite-fuses. Suddenly he
brought it out and snapped it under Tiburi’s
nose. The flame sprang up, aimost singe-
ing the chief’s skin, upsetting his drunken
show of belligerency.

  “Eyah!” he cried, jumping back and
retreating backward up the companion-
way. “I am great chief! With many
men. You give me many gifts for me, for
my men. I am not afraid!”

  His effect was spoiled a trifle by the
haste with which he mounted, still facing
them, got into his canoe and paddled
swiftly off, calling to the other canoes and
gathering them in his trail as he sped for
the crater.

  “Now what’s got into his fool head?”
said Hooper. “Just gin?”

  “Edwards,” said Manning.

  “I agree with you. He’s gone a bit far
this trip. But what is he up to?”

  “We may find out tomorrow when we
go into the crater,” suggested Manning.

  “I don’t think Tiburi’ll make trouble,”
said Hooper slowly. “He’s drunk. Aside
from the "Hims, who won’t appear again,
he knows we’ve got fire-sticks. Just as
well we didn’t find any mullet. If he
starts anything we’ll make him think the
island’s going up. We’ll take along the
dynamite when we go for Steiner. And
we’ll go in with the relief tonight, you and
I, ready for pranks. He’ll cool down when
he’s sober. It wouldn’t do any good to
cross-examine Edwards.”

  “He’d lie, anyway,” said Manning.
“Probably. I think with him it’s a case
of swelled head. Good thing all round
we’re through.”

  But Tiburi made no demonstration, hos-
tile or otherwise, when they changed the
-guard that night. Coming and going, they
saw the natives seated peaceably round
two fires on the little beach, the low sound

of chanting sounding across the water.

  “Peace meles (chants),” said Hooper.
“Better than a drum, and dancing. Tiburi
will be aboard tomorrow before we sail, for
his gifts. May as well leave him happy.
He’s served his turn.”

  “Going to give him the plush settee?”
asked Manning.

“I’ve a good mind to. And make Ed-
wards pay for a new one,” laughed Hooper.

XI

THE early hours of the next morn-
ing slipped by without a sign from
Tiburi, without sight of canoe or
native. A lookout had reported to Man-
ning, acting as officer of the watch, that
he thought he had seen canoes passing
through the reefs and had heard the sound
of paddling.

  This was close to dawn but before the
sky had begun to lighten. Manning could
see nothing and could hear nothing other
than the soft booming of the surf and he
fancied the man mistaken, for he had used
his eyes enough at sea to be sure of them.

  The relief, going in at nine o’clock with
Hooper in charge, keenly on the lookout
for possible trouble, saw canoes hauled out
on the small beach, among them Tiburi’s
own easily recognizable craft. A number
of natives stood at the water’s edge watch-
ing the whale-boat pass and repass with
Andersen, Thompson and the two sailors
of the relieved watch. Everything seemed
as usual.

  “Steiner and his crowd are starting
already to pack their dunnage,” Hooper
told Manning. “Rest and food have done
them a world of good already and I think
the shaving and hair-cutting did as much
as anything. Steiner is a bullet-headed
junker once again and his men jump to his
authority. Told them we’d come off for
them about eleven. He seems to have made
up his mind to take it philosophically. It
being a case of Hobson’s choice.”

  “How about Tiburi?” asked Manning.

  “I’ve a notion he’s just sulking. Wants
to get his farewell gifts and hates to come
aboard after the way he acted yesterday.
He has sent some of his canoes away. So
the lookout was right last night. They’ve
probably gone back to the cone and their
wives and families. I imagine they are the
ones of least rank and will not share in the
46

Adventure

trade split if Tiburi gets over his sulks and
tries to come aboard.”

  “Edwards has hurt his leg pretty badly,
according to his own account,” said Man-
ning. “I saw him slip half-way down the
companion and he claims to have sprained
his ankle. He’s got it painted with iodine
and bandaged up now. He couldn’t do
more than hobble so I sent him to his bunk.”
“Exit Edwards, for the time being. We
won’t get much more out of him this trip.
Fong’ll have to do double duty, but we can
make it easier for him aft.”

  “He may be malingering,” suggested
Manning. “Or sulking, like Tiburi, after
the call-down you gave him.”

  “We can get along without him,” said
Hooper. “We’ve got plenty to do between
now and sailing-time. Neither Andersen nor
Thompson is going to turn in until we get
well away.”

  For two hours there was the bustle of
departure, stowage of provisions, general
overhauling, arrangement of a space on
deck for Steiner and his fifteen men. The
Mary L. would run back under her own
power as long as the gasoline-supply lasted
and Hooper, for humanitarian reasons as
well as those of general comfort, decided
to keep his quasi prisoners where they
would get the full benefit of sun and air.
A canvas awning was rigged from foremast
to forestay for their convenience.

  Hooper had expected some last gifts of
fresh fruit and fish from Tiburi, but as
eleven o’clcok came and the chief still re-
mained within the crater, sequestered on
his little beach, he resolved to do without
them. The dynamite, with several of the
sticks halved, primed and fused, was still
in the stern of one of the two whale-boats
and there was a chance of getting mullet
at the last moment.

  On the terrace Steiner and his fifteen men
were under guard of Holabird, White,
Ryder and Smith. The boats would be
full coming back and Hooper did not want
to make two trips of the job. Andersen
was left in charge of the schooner, with
Thompson and Manning’s three assistants
under him. There were also Fong and
Ling and the invalided Edwards with his
sprained ankle. It was a strong outfit.
Four sailors went in each boat as rowers,
Manning, who could handle a steering-
sweep, in the stem of one, Hooper in that
of the other.

  Again they passed Tiburi’s canoes drawn
up on the beach and again the savages came
down to the water’s edge and watched
them. But Tiburi was not visible. His
wounded dignity seemed to demand that
he keep in seclusion.

  “He’ll come round at the last minute,”
said Hooper. “He’ll guess we are going out
on the ebb, once he sees us transporting
Steiner and his crowd. We haven’t seen
the last of Tiburi. Not while there is any/
trade left aboard the schooner.”

  It was about three-quarters of a mile
from the crater-gap across the inner lagoon
to the landing below the terrace. Usually
the guards came to the bottom of the stair-
ways to meet the incoming boats. Two
guarded each trail. They were not visible
and Hooper, in the leading boat, gave the
order to hold water until Manning drew up.

“Funny,” he said, screwing his eyes up
at the terrace. “There’s no one in sight.”
“Back in the caves,” suggested Manning.
“Or maybe Steiner balked at the last minute
and our men are rounding them up.”

  “Soon find out,” replied Hooper. “Give
way, men.”

  They bent to the oars and the boats
glided into a narrow channel that led right
through the strip of beach to the largest of
the water-caves. This channel bore evi-
dence of having been man-made and the
landing-ledges inside the caves were too
handy to have been entirely accidental.
One man was left in each boat, still afloat
inside the cave, and the party divided,
Manning going to the left with his three
men and Hooper to the right with his.

  Nothing was said, action preempting
words, but the impression that something
had gone .askew in the arrangements, that
the terrace was deserted, manifested itself,
not only to Hooper and Manning, but in
the sailors. The* whole party was armed,
as usual, with rifles and automatics. At
the last moment, Manning, on impulse
prompted by the strange silence of the place,
carried up with him the box of dynamite.

  He thought it possible that Steiner and
his men had retreated to some position in
the caves back of the images where they
could make a resistance. Or better terms.
They might have overpowered their guards.
He had never underestimated Steiner and
the men had been warned to be careful.

  The two parties reached the level of the
terrace simultaneously. Manning, peering
No Man’s Island

47

about the pedestal of a god, pistol,ready,
saw Hooper’s face rising from the trail at
the other end. The terrace was deserted.
The cooking-utensils that Steiner had been
given for his party were in orderly array,
ready for transshipment. So were the
blankets and a bundle or two of general
dunnage. But no sign of Steiner, his men
or of the four guards. Only silence, broken
by the low plashing of the lagoon surf on
the landing-beach and the steady dripping
of water from the main cave. The grass-
thatched shelters were empty.

   There were five caves, but four of these
 were only gas-blow fissures in the lava rock,
 two of them too narrow for a man easily to
 squeeze through. All these they probed
 and examined after a preliminary search
 of the big cave. That was a bewildering
 labyrinth in its interior. It seemed foolish
 to think that Steiner' had hidden in its
 depths. He would have but the smallest
 supply of food and water, if any, and two
 men could effectually prevent any exit.
 Unless he figured that the schooner would
 sail away after Hooper and Manning had
 grown tired of waiting, leaving their four
 men. Which was equally ridiculous. And
 would leave Steiner within a short time at
 the mercy of Tiburi once again.

   They gathered on the terrace, uncertain,
 perplexed.

   “Do you suppose they have discovered
some passage leading up and out on the
slopes?” Hooper asked Manning. “That
would only take them out of our frying-
pan into Tiburi’s fire.”

   “If there was one, Tiburi would have
known of it and attacked them that way
long ago, when you first came here,” ob-
jected the diver.

  “Perhaps he did. We don’t know the
details of how he finally did get Steiner.
I don’t like it. And I don’t quite see what
to do. We can’t leave the men. We can’t
leave Steiner to be put in that stockade
again. Confound the man, what’s he up
. to?”

   His glance ranged seaward to where they
 could see the schooner between the reefs,
 through the gap in the crater walls.

  “Something doing on the beach with
Tiburi,” he said. “They’re launching the
canoes. And they’ve got all their weapons
with them. They’ve been leaving most of
them behind of late. Manning, there’s
something stirring that looks fishy to me.”

  “Steiner and Tiburi in together. That .
wouldn’t-”

  “It’s Tiburi anyway,” said Hooper.
“Look at them come. Not for the schooner,
but after us. They saw us go in and they
are not going to let us out.”

  The canoes were forming in line across
the inner lagoon. As they gazed from the
terrace they saw them take order and the
spray flash from the paddles and surge
before the prows as they came ,on at top
speed. The canoes fairly bristled with
weapons.

  “Better tackle ’em here than try to break
through them in the boats,” said Hooper.

  Manning looked at him from a new angle
of respect. Only once had he seen Hooper
in the offensive, when he knocked down
Holabird. And the conviction was borne
in upon him that Holabird was mixed up
in this somehow, with Edwards, for all the
latter’s lame ankle. Treachery!

NOW Hooper’s face was a fighting-
mask, set, lips firm, jaws clenched,
the lower jutting out in determina-
tion, his nostrils wide and his eyes ablaze.
Manning did not realize that his own fea-
tures were a replica of his friend’s.

  He saw the folly of trying to run the
gantlet against so many canoes, able to
move three times as easily, as swiftly;
crowded with men who could quill them
with arrows in one discharge.

  The two sailors left in charge of the boats
came hurrying up the trail, their faces show-
ing their alarm.

  “There are the.rest of Tiburi’s canoes,
out to sea,” cried Hooper. “Going to
tackle the schooner. Thev’ll have a tough
time of it.”

  “Tiburi seems to have got over his fear
of the Hims all right,” said Manning
grimly as he examined the breech of his
rifle and the clip of his automatic, half-
fearful that they had been in some way
tampered with. “But we’ll put the fear of
Us into him before he gets through.”

  Hooper nodded.

  “Steady, men,” he rallied the sailors.
“We can hold them off from the heads of
the trails. Manning, you take the left,
will you? Don’t'waste a shot, any one of
you.”

  Two of the men suddenly shrank back-
to the wall of the cliff, pointing upward,
their faces gray under the tan. Savage
48

Adventure

yells broke out from above. Arrows rained
down, glancing and shivering on the stone
flags. Leaping through the bush down the
steep sides of the crater came two score
or more tribesmen, brandishing spears and
clubs, disappearing behind the leafy screen
to discharge more arrows.

  Their deafening, triumphant din was
echoed from the lagoon where Tiburi and
his men, the chief’s war-canoe in the center
of the cannibal armada, were closing in for
the beach at terrific speed. The whites
were caught between two attacks. A third
was closing on the schooner. White puffs
of smoke showed on her decks; the reports
of rifles came floating back to the terrace.

  Then, from the water-cave beneath, out
darted the two whale-boats, filled with
Steiner and his men, rowing fast toward
Tiburi. Holabird and the three other
guards were with them, not as prisoners,
but free, a part of the crowd, with their
weapons. They turned and yelled defiance
at the terrace. Tiburi’s flotilla parted to
let them through and they sped on toward
the schooner, the oars pulled by the Ger-
man sailors. Tiburi’s savages yelled greet-
ings to them as they passed. The whole
attack had been deliberately planned and
timed. Steiner, Tiburi and the four guards
were in collusion for common advantages.
Edwards too, in all probability, but he had
funked the fight at the last minute.

  “Why doesn’t Andersen put to sea?” cried
Hooper. “He can come back for us.”

  And then the men from the cliffs were
upon them, leaping down on the terrace,
yelling like so many demons from the pit;
stark naked, save for ornaments, their filed
teeth showing between their thick lips,
drawn back in eagerness; their eyeballs
flashing as they rushed wildly to hand-
grips with the whites.

  Some of them fell before the first fire.
The fight became a melee in which the
savages had an advantage with their weap-
ons made for hand-to-hand combat, clubs
of hardwood beaked with stone and shell;
their skill and strength in handling them.
The sailors were beaten back, Hooper and
Manning in the front rank, making every
shot of their pistols count in the desperate
fight. They had none too many bullets.
In a few moments the main attack would
land from the canoes, rushing up at their
backs, hewing, stabbing, spearing.

  Manning flung his empty automatic into

the open mouth of a warrior, breaking his
teeth and spoiling the blow he was whirling
down. He clubbed his rifle and used it as
a flail, smashing furiously with Hooper
beside him. The attack was so furious
that the cannibals blocked themselves by
their packed formation but sheer weight
told and several of the men were bleeding.

  A warrior sprang out and clung to
Hooper’s uplifted arms, swinging his rifle.
Another thrust at'him with a spear that
bristled with sharks’ teeth and was tipped
with shell. Manning’s rifle-butt came down
upon the skull of the second and shattered
it like a pumpkin, spattering blood and
brains. As the blow landed a savage sprang
on him with a war-club and Manning
kicked him in the knee, bringing him down
with a howl of rage, clasping at Manning’s"
legs, dragging the white man down asprawl.

  Manning still clutched his rifle in one
hand; the warrior was beneath him,- striv-
ing to twist uppermost while Manning
sought his throat with his left hand. Then
weight sagged him, twining limbs impris-
oned his. He was helpless, waiting for the
final blow like a trussed ox—unless they
were after him alive!

  That thought shot through him in a light- *
ning-flash. Then the strenuous pressure
above and about relaxed. He heaved up.
A hand caught him by the elbow and he
stood erect. Three of the sailors were
down. Hooper, bloody but smiling, was
beside him. Manning’s first opponent lay
with his face formless, bashed in by the butt
of Hooper’s gun—another swung an arm
broken at the elbow.

  “Even,” said Hooper, panting.

  “Rush ’em—dynamite! Rush ’em a bit!”
gasped Manning.

  Hooper gave him a look that swiftly
lightened as he took in the meaning.

  With a yell that outtopped any native
whoop, that carried terror in its deep-
throated heartiness, Hooper jumped at the
massed ranks of the savages, embarrassed
by their own numbers, amazed at the re-
sistance of these hard-fighting whites. The
sailors still on their feet, desperate, mad-
dened by the'trap that they were in, fol-
lowed their leader and the mob gave sul-
lenly back, a foot—a yard-—two more, past
the base of the biggest statue that leaned
on its pedestal out above the cliff.

  Beside it * Manning had set down his
precious box of explosives. As the natives
No Man’s Island

49

stiffened, taking fresh heart at the yells
that came up from below, as the canoes
made a da^h for the last fifty yards be-
tween them and the beach, he snatched out
some of the half-sticks that were ready-
primed. He found his matches, lighted the
ruffled fuses, blowing at them.

  “Back!” he roared. “Come back!”

  Facing the savages, Hooper pressed back
his sailors, stumbling over the dead and
wounded.

  “Take cover!” shouted Manning, and
they leaped aside behind the pedestals,
into the main cave, while Manning flung
two grenades into the thick of the astounded
savages and crouched back of the base of
the great god, hurriedly stuffing into a crev-
ice more of the prepared dynamite.

  With a roar and a burst of flame the
explosive detonated. The wail of the
stricken cannibals, blown up, crisped, torn
apart, those unharmed flung flat while the
noise of the blast resounded from the cliff,
was merged in a second storm of thunder-
ing noise and darting lightnings. Manning,
racing for cover, \^as flung down, stunned
as the terrace shook, the base of the great
god rocked, the statue toppled and went
hurtling down.

  It crashed fairly into the clutter of land-
ing canoes, half in the water, half on the
beach, splintering Tiburi’s own craft, the
crown one missile, the body and the pedestal
two thunderbolts that crushed bodies to
pulp and turned the peaceful tide crimson.

XII

       LAND, sea and air still shook under
the tremendous force of the ex-
ploding gases. The savages who
had attacked the terrace and had survived
the explosion were scrambling frantically
back up the cliffs to safety, leaving their
broken dead and writhing wounded behind
them. Tiburi was dead, with a score of his
followers. The survivors were swimming
frantically off or had crowded into a few
canoes that had not been badly damaged,
many clinging to the gunwales and out-
riggers as the paddlers strove to get away
from this place of utter disaster and the
outbreak of the wrath of the gods.

  For Surely this was a thing of the gods,
the gods of the white men! The tribe had
long worshiped those enormous images,
especially the central figure. It had meant

  4

nothing to them of actual creed, it held no
actual place in their polytheistic pantheon
but they knew it to be the likeness of a god
Jmd of a great god. Now it had been over-
thrown in fire and flame, involving them in
its destruction, coming to the rescue of the
whites. For they could see the whites still
moving on the terrace; and had not one of
them flung thundering, fiery death among
them?

  They held no desire but to flee. Never
again on that island would the magic of the
white man be questioned or his purposes
thwarted. Yet Steiner had been white and
he had been their ally. But he had also
been their prisoner, therefore there were
white men who were at odds with the gods
and others high in favor. But it would be-
hoove them for the future to hold all white
strangers in awe.

  Out at sea the savages had heard the rear
and seen the flame,- the fragments of tossed
rock and masses of toppling cliff and statues.
And their canoes had vanished toward the
safety of their cone and the deep bush.

  Hooper rushed out before the dust had
settled, bounding from the cave where he
had sought cover at Manning’s shout, hurry-
ing to pick up his comrade and partner,
fearing that he had sacrificed himself to
save the rest.

  Manning had seized a handful of dyna-
mite-sticks at the last moment, stuffing
fuse and primers in his pocket. The bulk
of the explosive, still in its box, he had
kicked over the cliff before he sought safety,
after lighting the fuses. From the frightful
force of the discharge it seemed certain that
this too had detonated. The blocks on the
terrace were displaced as if by an earth-
quake, the cliff below was rent and fissured;
every god had fallen from its pedestal,
though only the one had toppled over the
cliff. A great wave formed, rolling in and
then retreating in a surge that bore the
whole and broken canoes away with their
riding, clinging freight, in confusion.

  Manning, in falling, or perhaps before he
fell, had rolled the dozen sticks of dynamite
along the terrace ahead of him. The force
of the explosion, expending itself in the
direction of the greatest resistance, had,
with the freakishness of nitro-glycerine, sent
out lateral blasts of gas and air that had
floored Manning but had left the scat-
tered sticks immune, saving his life and also
leaving a weapon of deadly offense if anyj
50

Adventure

were still needed. For, with the exception
of a few shells in the magazines of their
rifles, they had used all their ammunition.

  Manning, with his swift purpose and
action, doing the only thing that could have
saved them from the horde, risking his own
life without thought or fear, had not been
killed. The explosion had stunned him,
flinging him headlong. The stone flags had
met his head violently, his face was a
bloody mask, the clothes had been torn from
his back; but Hooper, as he raised him, saw
that he was still breathing, heard him
groan, and thanked God.

  A sailor ran with water from the cave and
tossed it on the face of the unconscious man,
racing back for more with which Hooper,
taking his friend’s head upon his lap, bathed
the bruised features and at last saw Man-
ning’s eyes open intelligent, still indomitable
with purpose. He smiled up at Hooper.

  “Close call—touch and go,” he said faint-
ly. “You’re safe. How about-?”

  “We’re all safe,” said Hooper huskily.
“Thanks to you and your confounded fool-
hardiness. You might have blown yourself
to atoms!”

  His chiding was full of deep affection, of
admiration, and it acted like a tonic on
Manning.

  “You’ve scattered them to the four
winds,” said Hooper. “Those who have
legs left and arms to swim or paddle with
are using them. It’s the end of Tiburi.”

  “The schooner?” asked Manning.

  He got up with anxious aid of Hooper,
bathing his face, which still bled freely.

  “I’m sound,” he said. “No bones broken.
Feel as if I’d been pounded by a hundred
war-clubs at once. Ah, they’re holding
them off. Good men!”

  Rifles were spitting from the deck of the
Mary. L. answered from the two whale-
boats in less measure. Steiner had only the
guns and pistols of the four treacherous
guards and, deserted by his savage allies,
his attack was failing. One or two of his
men in each boat seemed to have been badly
wounded, if not killed, to judge by their
postures.

  “Got to get out there,” saidHooper. “It’s
a problem. Three of our chaps are pretty
badly slashed and clubbed. Dragged them
into the cave when you started the fire-
works. That was quick thinking, Manning.

  “We’d have hard work getting around
the erater-slopes,” he said, “and we’d have

to swim for it at the last. There seems
something wrong with the schooner’s engine.
Otherwise I believe Andersen would have
put cut to sea to shake off that attack. Any-
way they can’t come in through the second
reef. Steiner’s got both our boats. Don’t
imagine there’s anything left in the shape
of a canoe. But there might be.”

   He sent a sailor down to the beach to
look and the man came hurrying back with
a shout. The big wave had washed two
canoes fairly inside the cave and they were
in fair shape. The dazed savages had been
too literally swept off their feet to think of
such a happening. They were still paddling
off to the shore at a safe distance from these
white men and their gods, who might again
blast them. The lagoon was dotted with
the heads of swimmers.

   In the two canoes they took up the pad-
 dles, Hooper and Manning assisting to take
 the place of the three wounded sailors.
 Manning protested that he was whole and
 did not want to get stiff and Hooper’s heart
 lightened as he saw the diver stroking
 lustily. Salt water had proved an astringent
 for the abrasions of his face though the
 superficial wounds gave him a grim and
 ghastly appearance.

   As they neared the reef two men in each
 canoe paddled while the others took up the
 rifles and the two partners prepared their
 dynamite grenades in case Steiner might
 come to close quarters. But Steiner had
 seen that he was beaten. To be left behind
 was now his great fear, or that of his men.
 The savages, recovering from their shock,
 would take vengeance. Before they got
 within true hailing-distance his followers
 were shouting and waving their hands to
 announce their surrender.

  “Hear that?” called Hooper from his
canoe across to Manning in the other.
“Kamerad! Wouldn’t wonder if they got
that out of the papers!”

   Manning nodded back. He saw Steiner,
still sullen, but overborne by his men. He
saw two of the guards protesting and then
silenced.

  White and Smith? The two names took
on sudden illumination. Weiss and Schmidt,
undoubtedly. Ryder too sounded Germanic.

   As for Holabird, he had <been won over
 t by the~talk of Edwards, the thought of gain.
 It was exceedingly plain that these four men
 had been shipped by the too slick Edwards
 for a previously understood purpose.
No Man’s Island

51

  The attempt to cozen the sailors to mutiny
having failed, Edwards, with his tricks *}f
magic, his knowledge of dialects, had seen
his chance to win over Tiburi, to effect a
junction with Steiner; a partnership to be
variously apportioned its rewards. And
they had accorded him full facility. He
had taken off provisions to the terrace, his
four men were in daily contact with Steiner,
Edwards had had ample opportunities to
cement the alliance with Tiburi. And he
had overcome Tiburi’s fear of the Hims.
How, was not yet plain.

  Edwards had faked his ankle to remain
on board and put the engine out of com-
mission. It was not cowardice that kept
him there. Perhaps—Manning remembered
the wireless incident—perhaps the chapter
was not yet quite closed.

     | HOOPER steered straight for the
     I schooner and Manning followed.

     ■	All firing had ceased from the whale-
boats. The men in them hung on their oars,
looking anxiously toward the Mary L., de-
bating their fate, dreading to be left behind.

  Andersen and Thompson met them at the
gangway. Manning’s assistants carried the
wounded men below. They had been tem-
porarily patched up and none of them ap-
peared seriously wounded beyond ultimate
recovery.

  “We held them off, sir,” said Andersen.
“One or two flesh-wounds, but we potted
some of them. And now they’ve quit.
Afraid you were blown up till we made you
out in the canoes. Goin’ to leave them here
where they belong, on No Man’s Island?”
He jerked a thumb toward the two boats.
“No,” said Hooper, “'f'hey’ll come
along. We need the boats, for one thing.
Were you trying to stand by, Andersen, or
is the engine out of commission?”

  “That sly devil, Edwards, did something
to it,” put in Thompson. “Ling’s over-
hauling it now to find out the trouble. And
Edwards was monkeying with the wire-
less”

  “I thought so,” said Manning.

  Hooper glanced at his partner with raised
eyebrows that bore,a mute apology.

“Fong had the right dope, Manning,” he
said. Then to Thompson, “Where is he?”
“In his bunk. Fong sliced him up pretty
badly and now he’s trying to keep him alive
till you talk with him.”

  “I’ll go see him,” said Hooper. “Coming,

Manning? Andersen, let those chaps in the
boats stew for a while. If they start to show
fight, settle it. They won’t run away, I
fancy. And the natives won’t bother us
any more. Soon as Ling gets the engine
fixed, let me know. Want to come along,
Thompson?”

  They found Edwards in his bunk. It
was plain to see that he was dying. His
eyes were closed and his-face waxen. Fong
sat beside him, sphinx-like. Hooper felt the
faint pulse.

  “Almost gone,” he said. “»What hap-
pened, Fong?”

  “After you go,” said Fong, “Ling, he find
him at wi’less. Lang think that funny.
Edwa’d he speak his foot plenty betteh.
Ling speak why fo’ he touch wi’less?
Edwa’d say that none of Ling business.
He speak maybe we want use wi’less. Ling,
he come to my galley.

  “Bimeby native come in canoe, two boat
come with Steineh. Big fight look like
begin. Andersen, he speak staht engine.
Engine nu good. I sabby plenty that
Edwa’d he fixee. On deck, plenty gun go
off. Same from boat. I find Edwa’d sneakee
along in cabin. He open po’t, makee signal.

He try shoot me. This time he not so-

slick. He had gun, I have knife. All right,
gun no good. Knife plenty good. So!”

  He drew his forefinger across his abdomen
with an eloquent gesture.

  “Pretty soon he die,” he said.

  “Fong, go and get my medicine-chest,”
said Hooper. “I’ll try and bring him back,”
he went on to Manning and Thompson
when the Chinaman had gone. “We’ve got
to get to the bottom of this.”

  He gave Edwards a hypodermic and pres-
ently the lax figure stirred wearily and the
eyes opened. Manning gave the stewardFa
sip of gin. Luster came into the dull eyes.

  “You’ve done your worst, Edwards,”
said Hooper, “and you’ve lost out. You’re
going yourself. I don’t want to torture
you. I can’t save you. Do you want to
carry this thing on with you—to wherever
you are going—or do you want to try and
square things a bit?”

  The dying man lay motionless except for
the slight movement of his eyes.

“I’ll tell you some things, while I last,”
he said finally. His voice was low, his
speech jerky but intelligent and he was
evidently striving to conserve his strength.
Nor could there be doubt of his final
52

Adventure

earnestness or the truth of what he said.

  “Butler. Had me—where he wanted me.
Knew you had something, perhaps guano,
perhaps pearls. Got me to ship with four
lunas—all work for Butler. He got them
jobs as lunas. That schooner Seamew—
not Huddersleigh’s. Belongs to Butler.
Has wireless. Butler aboard her. Soon as
you started engine and set straight course,
I sent message. She followed. Now two
hundred miles away. I sent another mes-
sage—today, telling what happened. I
thought we’d win for sure.”

  He paused for a while and they thought
he had passed but he rallied again.

  “I think—at first—when find out what
you were after—get crew to join with my
four men—take possession, send message
for Sewmew to come. Crew did not join.
You were too strong. I talk with Steiner
and Tiburi. Tiburi to have everything in
traderoom, many things from this ship.
Steiner and men to take Mary L. for their
share. Butler to take me and my men
along—with pearls. Big money for us—
pearls for Butler—and he destroy evidence
against me he holds.”

  “And us, if we were not killed? What of
us?”

  “Butler would say.”

“How did you manage to make Tiburi
not afraid of the Hims?” asked Manning.

  Edwards’ eyelids were, fluttering; he was
at the last ebb of life. He opened his eyes
again and there was the ghost of a twinkle
in them as they bent to hear the whisper
that was his last breath.

  “Showed—him diving-suit—empty—in
your cabin,” he said.

       THE Mary L., her engine working
again, stood north and west to meet
the summoned Seameiv. Edwards
had not tried permanently to destroy the
engine) by agreement doubtless with Steiner.
He had broken ignition wires in the insula-
tion which, once located, were easily re-
placed.

  Behind the schooner towed the two whale-
boats with Steiner and his followers. The
dead had been buried at sea. Among them
were Holabird and White—or Weiss—shot
from the deck of the Mary L. Edwards
went with them to their deep-sea graves.

  At nightfall the prisoners were brought
aboard and put in the forecastle, with the
hatch secured. Dawn should show them

the Seamew with Butler aboard, coming up
for his triumph. That he had not cal-
culated upon such a fighting termination
of the trip was no excuse for his planning
of it, yet it was doubtful if he could be
found responsible. He was wealthy and
powerful. He could easily disclaim any
knowledge of the German prisoners; he
could throw the blame upon Edwards and
discredit what Ryder and Smith, who had
received their orders direct from Edwards,
might testify.

  Edwards’ confession was only oral. It
would not hold for much in any court.
Clever lawyers could bar its admission with-
out trouble.

  But Hooper and Manning, talking these
things over, were not disposed to let the
matter end in siith fashion. To get Butler
aboard the Mary L. was the big problem.
He would expect communication by wire-
less and none of them could operate. Ed-
wards might have agreed upon some signal
which he had failed to communicate on his
death-bed. Butler would probably scruti-
nize closely the decks of the Mary L. when
the two vessels got close, certain as he
might be from Edwards’ message when the
fight was on that everything had gone well
for his side. Yet he would be careful.

  In mid-morning they sighted the Seamew,
coming up under power. The combined
speed of the two vessels swiftly reduced
the distance. And then Hooper displayed
a signal. He had decided to take the chance
that Edwards had not sent a detailed mes-
sage and had not mentioned the fact that
the crew had failed to join the conspiracy.
At the time of sending the combined attack
appeared invincible. Hooper, Manning and
the sailors were cooped up on the terrace,
the canoes were closing in. And Edwards
had counted his chickens before the shells
were fairly cracked. But Butler would be
cautious.

  Only three sailors showed on deck of the
Mary L. One at the wheel. Her ensign
was at half-mast; the signal-halyards showed
this fluttering appeal—

  “Send medical assistance.”

  “I figure there’s no doctor aboard the
Seamew,” said Hooper. “Butler will think
there are badly wounded aboard. He will
imagine Edwards himself hurt. And it may
bring'him off. It may not. If he doesn’t
bite, we’ll pake for Honolulu and wait his
return.”
No Man’s Island

53'

  The Seamew came up, slowed down within
speaking-distance. An officer appeared with
a megaphone.	•	v

  “What’s the trouble?” he shouted. A
sailor, coached for the occasion by Hooper,
who, with Thompson and Manning, stood
under the hood of the companionway un-
seen, answered:

  “Seamew ahoy! Send some one to dress
wounds.”

  Another figure appeared beside the first
on the after deck of the Seamew. He did
not turn his full face toward the Mary L.
but they recognized Butler, in blue serge
with the peak of his cap well down. The
two consulted.

  “Who’s in charge?” called the officer.

  “Mr. Edwards, sir. He was badly hurt.
Wants to see Mr. Butler. Think he’s dying,
sir.”

  There was another consulation and then,
with the Mary L.’s way stopped, the two
schooners drifting slowly closer, a boat put
out from the Seamew and the trio on the
companion ladder rejoiced.

  Manning and Hooper received the
astounded Butler in the after cabin, emerg-
ing from the staterooms after he was seated.
The interview was short and to the point.

  “I know nothing of all this,” declared
Butler. “Edwards had no instructions from
me. I was going to Fanning’s Island on my
own business. That can be shown. I
picked up a wireless message that interested
me. Cruising farther south, I got another.
It was evidently a part of some infernal
conspiracy hatched up by you men to at-
tempt to implicate me. You tried to get
me interested in some wild scheme in
Honolulu, Hooper, if you are Hooper'. I
didn’t fall for it and you cooked this up.
Edwards was doubtless in it.”

  The man’s cool effrontery was matchless.
But Hooper only laughed.

  “We fancied you’d deny it all, Mr. But-
ler. But we could put a pretty good case
together, I think. Let’s talk business.”

  Butler considered a moment with frown-
ing brows.

  “What is your proposition?” he asked.

  “We’ve talked it over, Mr. Manning and
myself. I want to make you a sleeping part-

ner in this enterprise of ours, which was to
recover the pearls ouf of my own schooner.
We’ve got the pearls—got them all. But
the schooner is a loss. And the expenses
were heavy.”

  “Where are your pearls?”

  “As a sleeping partner, you will not
awaken sufficiently to partake ef the prof-
its,” said Hooper smoothly. “We may show
them to you. But we feel that you should
reimburse us for the costs of this voyage and
for the loss of the schooner.”

  “You are a lot of-pirates!” burst out

Butler. “I’ll see you hanged first.”

  “As you like,” said Hooper. “But, if
you will give us a check for ten thousand
dollars, release the bonds against the Mary
L. and turn over to Mr. Manning and my-
self the Seamew as a testimonial of your
esteem, we will consider the incident closed.
We have no especial desire to be tied up in
Honolulu, as you might be able to do. We
are not pirates or we might maroon you.
Edwards has paid the penalty. As things
turned out he went farther than you in-
tended. But—we are prepared to spend
half of what we have recovered in pinning
this thing to you—and we think we can do
it. We have witnesses and a good deal of
evidence when it is summed up. It is up
to you. You may have to pay Ryder and
Smith to hold their tongues. No one of us is
seriously injured or we would not com-
pound.”

  There was silence in the cabin for several
minutes.

  “You’ll supplement that check with a
note promising not to have it estopped,”
said Hooper. “I am beginning to doubt
whether the amount is large enough, after
all. And include a bill of sale for the
Seamew.”

  “It’s plain blackmail,” said Butler, “but
I’ll submit to it.

  “Thought you would,” answered Hooper.
“Fong, bring some refreshments.”

  “Piracy,” said Butler once more, later,
when the deal had been completed in the
cabin of the Seamew.

  “Finance,” said Manning. “Never could
see much difference between the two my-
self.”
Author of “The Rawhiders," 1

1 THINK I grunted. The sight was
sufficient, at least, to startle me. For it
was no more nor less than Captain
Zachary Thorm zigzagging toward the
hotel in the wicked tugging wind and laugh-
ing great roaring guffaws to himself. I could
not hear the laughter for the wind, but I saw
his movements and his wild face. And in
the second instant I saw what he carried—a
dressed pig, gripped by the hind legs, in
each hand.

  Pigs and laughter in that wind! My
mouth went dry with fear and my nerves
prickled.	*

  Well they might. For as with the Flood
forty days, so the wind had blown forty days
and forty nights, until our mortal nerves
were on edge. The burros, loafing to the
leeward of the hotel, would start and run at
a shoe-sole being smacked down on the
boardwalk. And a burro appears to be the
most stolid of animals. A ranchman dared
not hitch up a team of horses, for their skins
were sore to the harness from the hair being
constantly blown and roughed. We were
all victims of the ever shifting but never
ending pressure.

  I opened the door for Laughing Zach, and
when he slipped hurriedly through I leaned
my weight against it to close it on the wind.
He swung up first one pig then the other and
slammed them down across the dusty hotel
register on the desk.

“Ho-ho-ho!” he roared mirthlessly, his
eyes jumping everywhere. “John Simeon,
I want a banquet cooked, a banquet for
* This is an OJJ-the-Trail S

Trail of the Chosen Four” etc.

all the adults of the town, sir, do you hear?
Tonight, tonight, tonight!”

  “But—” I stammered in profound amaze-
ment, for Laughing Zach, though rich as
Croesus, was a recluse, the strange man of
the village.

  “Wad ’em into your dining-room until
they pop out o’ the windows!” he roared on,
his eyes jumping from floor to chair, to wall,
to desk, and back and forth like a cat.
“I’ve a tale to tell ’em and a farewell to say,
for I’ve a journey ahead o’ me.”

  “A tale? A journey?” I repeated in my
stupidity.

1 In a lifetime he had been no farther from
the village than to ride over the near-by
ranges buying cattle. In all my twenty
years as his neighbor I had heard it whis-
pered he feared to go beyond the hori-
zon.

  “A journey, yes,” he confirmed. “And a
tale with the March wind in it, and death and
destruction and lost years*—and pink pig to
swallow it with. Ha-ha-ha!”

  He chuckled up and down the scale with
his empty mirth.

   “But the wind, captain,” I remonstrated.
“The people won’t come out. They’re all
half-daffy now.”

  A little of the madness left him and he
looked at me in appeal.

  “Herd ’em in—John—somehow. Get
’em in by hook or crook. I must have ’em
here before I go, and go I must and go I will.
You’ve been my friend, John. Listen, I’ll
sit at the head o’ the board like an earl and
ry. See first contents page.

BARKY SCOBEE

54
The Wind

55

we’ll break bread and be merry, for tomor-
row I go away. We’ll talk and sing and I'll
astonish ’em with a yarn.’-’

  “There is one yarn,” I began. “I won-
der-”

  “Ah, landlord, that’s it. Go out and tell
’em Captain Zachary Thorm, once o’ the
army, will spin the yarn that he can spin—
the yarn Quincy Hodges has been daring me
to spin for twenty years—or thirty years.
Then they’ll come. They’ll come if the
wind rises to blowing crags off the moun-
tains.”

  “Zachary,” I said, licensed by the friend-
ship b^Preen us, “you’d better give up this—

unusual idea and-”

  “Nay, nay, you old botherer. Go out o’
here and hire all the Mexicans who can cook
food and all who can wait politely on table,
and buy a coop o’ fowls, and things in cans
and barrels and boxes at the store; and get
coffee and canisters o’ tea and we’ll have a
least to remember.”

  “I’ve nobody to send out to tell the peo-
ple,’’ I expostulated, still demurring, and
on the last syllable thought of a messenger.
“I might send Quincy,, though.”

  “No other! He’ll not fail to get ’em all,
not he, a-hoppin’ along on his metal foot.”
“And will I, ask Quincy in too?”

  “Aye, everybody. Quincy too. All the
he-gossips and the she-gossips to spread the
news.”

  “Be careful of your talk,” I advised.
“Careful! I bonded myself a quarter of a
century ago, John, to talk now, to make res-
titution to certain dead men.”

  All at orice he shuddered and his red,
weather-beaten face paled a little. His eyes
began to go again, and he threw back his
head in the mirthless laughter. He broke
in with a clumsy dance in his high-heel cow-
country boots, and smacked a sheaf of bills
down on the desk.

  “That’s to pay for my night o’ nights. My
night o’ nights with the wild wind setting
the tune.”

  He started up a song in a broken bass—
“Oh, I’m as happy as a bridegroom, a bride-
groom, for. on the morrow I go away, go
away.”

  He flung open the door, then shoved it
shut and turned back.

  “Do you know what night it will be to-
night, friend landlord?”

  “The fortieth night of the wind, f The
babies know that.”

  “-, man! The"mad regiment of cav-
alry and the dead soldiers, that other for-
tieth night-”

   He began to sing horribly—

  “When I was a young captain, a young
captain, oh, when I was a young cap-
tain-”

   He fled out into the wind crying laughter
 that was not laughter but the agony of a
 man who has not found that there is peace in
 God.

   Not understanding his seclusion or his
 loud and mocking laughter and his fits of
 despondency and his silent lips, we half-
 laughed at him—never to his face—and
 called him Laughing Zach. Our friendship,
 his and mine, was only comparative. Some-
 times he took a meal in my dining-room, or
 talked a minute at a time about some earlier
 day acquaintance, or mayhap I gave him
 a warm word at Christmas.

  And then he had a curious habit that
threw us together some in the Summer-time.
In each June, when the southwest Texas
weather had become cheery in the high
mountains, he would come to my hotel and
spend two weeks, pretending one season
that he was visiting in Washington, D. C.,
another season that he was in Yellowstone
Park, or possibly in New York, or London.
All the time he would read books and
pamphlets about the places and force the
talk about them to me.

   I tried to help him with his illusions—for I
 knew that he sometimes went to the top of
 Old Blue and spent a day to catch sight of a
 Southern Pacific train going from New
 Orleans to the Golden Coast, or from the far
 West to the mellow South. The trains, at
 that distance of fifteen miles or so from the
 mountain, could be seen for hours, like a
 passing ship from a headland. He wanted—
 he sort of itched to travel, and it was not
 in my heart to discourage his make-believe.
 But he never talked about the dark thing
 that a few of the old gray heads hinted at.

  And the banquet—I humored him. I
carried the two pink pigs back to the old
Mexican housekeeper, and laid long tables
in the big bam of a dining-room and kindled
a roaring fire in the mammoth fireplace.

WHEN Quincy Hodges came
around with his twisted foot and
metal brace and I told him what
'was in the air, he cocked one eye and looked
at me hard. _
56

Adventure

  “What’s he aimin’ to tell?” he asked
curiously.

  "None of my business,” I said. “But if
you’re not going to take the stage out to the
railroad today you might go around and tell
the people. They’ll appreciate it, having
been coopcd in at home so long.”

  “They’ll ’predate it,” Quincy reiterated,
“because ther’ll be gossip their ears have
been cocked for ever since—since it’s been
noticeable Thorm never leaves us—twenty
years or so.”

  “You’ll tell them?”

  “Sure. I couldn’t get out with the motor-
truck in this wind. It’ll stop a car on the

crest of the Little Pass. I wonder-”

  His eyes clouded; his crooked calloused
hands fumbled each other.

  “He won’t back out, eh?”

  But without waiting for an answer he got
up and stood by the door an instant before
opening it and passing into the gale.

  “I’d trade my wages for a jug o’ whisky.”
That was the big fault with Quincy; he
was always doing just that thing. The town
had grown used to him on his “whisky
nights,” standing for hours at Laughing
Zach’s gate and baiting the captain in a
loud voice to come out and talk, and tell
what he knew. They two had been soldiers
together in that regiment of frontier cav-
alry that went mad in one wild, mad instant
—Thorm a captain and Hodges a private.
There was a secret between them that we
knew nothing of and were afraid to guess at.

  As the windy day wore on I saw Hodges
going from house to house, bent against the
gale, holding his battered hat on with first
one hand, then the other, meantime warm-
ing the idle member in his trousers pocket.
It seemed he would freeze, for the one but-
ton on his coat let the lapels blow back
so that the acidy wind smote his breast.
He had forgotten to wear the heavy coat
that he used on the stage trips to the railroad.

  The most we knew of Thorm was that he
counted his cattle by the herds and his gold
by the hatsful, and that he had not spent a
night off his own mattress in thirty-one
years. He would never venture beyond
sight of the village church steeple. He
would laugh his boisterous, evasive, coura-
geous laugh and answer that he loved his own
pillow best. But it only made the people
whisper more that he feared the law or man
or woman or mayhap God, somewhere be-
yond the horizon.

  The captain’s night was to begin with
darkness. The sun went down in a clear
and windy sky, with golden wisps of fleecy
clouds scurrying over the far mountain-
peaks. I saw an eagle that had been trying
to fly against the west wind half the day to
reach its cliff, still maneuvering. It would
go high, high up, rest a while, then try to
coast down, or drop as a plummet, but each
time when it touched the surf of the wine?
blowing up from the cliff-face it was throwj
aside to the eddies.

  Quincy was the first to be there, except for
two old ranchmen from the country. Ha
found a place by the window where he could
see the captain coming at the proper time,
and established himself in brooding silence.
The sun was no more than gone when the
entire town seemed to come in together. I
soon saw that every man and woman not
under the doctor’s tyranny was there. And
a wind-worn lot they were.

  The women talked in high, screeching
voices and started or screamed smotheredly
each time that a sheet of tin roofing over
the comer where we sat, that had come loose
that day, was lifted by the wind and thrown
down with a bang.

 Those women were haggard with the
nerve-strain of the wind that blew and never
ceased.

  The men, with the dust of weeks driven
into their skin and face-wrinkles, put in their
time wondering if the gale would ever die,
or recounting in snatches the known history
of Thorm’s career in that country. Only
four of them all had been there longer than
he. Also they talked of his big ranches and
his shrewdness in buying the white-face cat-
tle. Quincy broke his silence to mutter once—
“He ain’t in sight yet.”

  Darkness covered the land. The two big
front rooms were lighted. Steaming plat-
ters were set upon the white linen. I began
unconsciously to listen for Thorm’s wild
laughter. The men walked the floor. Every-
body grew restless with the waiting. Then
a woman said querulously—

  “Won’t he never come?”

  Upon the echo of her question the door
flung open and Laughing Zach plunged in.

 “-and-” he roared, the terror of

the morning still a-hold of him. “Won’t it
never stop?”

  He glared- around, realized us, and a
change came over him. He magically re-
vealed a new man to us in himself. He threw
The Wind

57

back an ancient blue military cape, display-
ing the yellow lining of the cavalry, a bright
jangling sword and the blue dress uniform
with the wide stripe of a captain at the
trouser seams—all time-stained and crease-
worn.

  But it was his face we watched. It
changed to a benevolent countenance, with
a beaming kindliness, and his gray eyes soft-
ened and filled with tears—the first tears I
warrant that had flooded his lids in thirty
years. Then he brightened more.

  “Welcome, each and every one of you,”
he cried out. “Welcome, neighbors, to my
farewell dinner!”

  He spread out his great arms and herded
us toward the dining-room. Quincy, to
avoid being touched by the shepherding
arm, shoved into the crowd and got
ahead.

  The old soldier took his place at the head
of the table, big and commanding, and di-
rected us to our chairs. When his eyes
glanced around and found Hodges at the
other end of the head table, opposite him-
self, he said—

  “Ah!”

  “Here big as life,” leered Quincy. “Ears
cleaned to hear your speech.”

  For the time that he could pick up a glass
of water and set it down again without
drinking, Laughing Zach was panicky.
Then he spoke softly:

  “Be peaceful, Quincy. My fellow towns-
men have never broken bread with me in the
thirty-one years. I—I wish them to before
I go.”

  Hodges’ answer was a rattling of his metal
brace against a chair. But Thorm ignored
him and beamed upon us again in the man-
ner of a man proud to have his neighbors at
his board. He jestedand ran on with merry
wit that astonished us, playing the olden
earl indeed. At first, I tell you, we forgot
ourselves and the wind that sucked and roared
in the fireplace, in our marveling over this
revelation of a man. Hodges mumbled and
broke in, but somehow we did not pay him
heed but basked in the cheer of our host.

  It was the pent-up host desire of a quarter
of a century that made him affable beyond
belief. If we enjoyed it, and we did, I must
say that our enjoyment was a dull occasion
corripared to the happiness that he extracted.
Neighbors in to dinner. It was that to him,
with all it meant to his starved friendliness.
Neighbors! He thrilled over the word.

  Everything fades but the love of God, and
before we wanted it to be so the table was
cleared and Captain Zachary Thorm faced
that moment after dessert when a word, a
speech, is next. The dread of the morning
crept in again; his eyes began to dart.
“Afraid!” sneered the stage-driver.

  “No!” and Zach’s eyes came sharp up.
“I’ve been in the clutch of dead men too
long to fear the living.”

  Nevertheless, his words belied his actions,
or his courage was of short duration, for
again he ran the scale of his mirthless laugh-
ter ; laughter that plucked at our nerves like
an unseen hand in the dark and sent awful
thrills across our fears.

  Hodges jumped to his feet and pointed
out a finger.

  “What dead?” he demanded
Thorm did not answer. He gripped up a
handful of table-cloth, unknowing, and with
his right hand drew a folded document from
an inside pocket. As he pressed it into my
hands he bent to my ear and whispered—
“Give this to Quincy after I am gone.”
“What dead?” Hodges demanded again,
pounding on the table with his glass tumbler.
“Tell ’em, Thorm, tell ’em! I’ve been waiting
a lifetime to hear you talk. Name the dead,
murderer!”

THORM extended a shaking arm
in the direction of the old garrison,
now adobe ruins, that lay a mile
north of where we were assembled.

  “I came here for that purpose, Hodges,”
he declared. “To name the dead, neighbors,
that died that other time when the wind
blew forty days and forty nights and a regi-
ment of horse went mad.”

  Hodges shouted to the guests excitedly.
“You’re hearing the straight of it! That
other night—that other night.”

  “Thirty-one years ago, lacking a brace o’
weeks,” Thorm said. “I was to wait till the
anniversary, but this fortieth night of the

wind drove me on. The colonel--”

  “That’s it. Begin at the first. Don’t
skip,” Hodges shouted.

  “The colonel turned the regiment out of
their beds at midnight in the midst of the
wind to drill the recruits in hustling out for
Indian attacks. The Mescalero Apaches—

the wind-”

“Don’t .stammer! That wail. Explain
that wail.” Hodges hammered the table.
“We were wild with the wind,” the old
58

Adventure

i

officer went on, visibly collecting and hold-
ing his thought.

  I nodded to a Mexican to throw more1 red
oak into the fireplace. A woman emitted a
long, quivering sigh and her husband stirred
in sympathy. I myself felt that if Thorm
didn’t hurry along I should have to rise and
pace the floor.

  “That very day,” he said at last, “was a
climax of days. We saw an officer’s wife
put into the El Paso stage, destined for a
sanitarium—her nerves shattered. The gales
had howled up from the Coahuilan desert
and down from the Staked Plains, a-chasing
dust-clouds and pulling at our coats and
screeching past the windows, until we
couldn’t think straight. No rain, no new
people, no white-covered tables with sane
women’s eyes sparkling, no books, no si-
lence—always the screech of the wind, curs-
ing soldiers with grit kneaded into their
skins, empty land, these black ruins of an-
cient mountains, a longing to be somewhere
else, and all our days in a post made o’ ’dobe
—mud! Every man came to hate his
neighbor-”

  “You did!” Hodges blared out, and took
up the tale himself. “Horses were tuned up
tight as fiddle-strings. On this night the call
to arms sounded, ragged and scary in that
gale. We-”

  “Tell ^it all, tell it all,” admonished
Thorm. “I was officer of the day and didn’t
have to assemble with you in response to the
call. I was walking about at my night’s in-
spection. I went to the telegraph office on
the hillside above the parade-ground. I
paced back and forth in the shelter and
watched the regiment form.”

  “I was stable guard,” Quincy took up the
instant Thorm paused fof breath. “I hur-
ried to help my troop out, a-cursin’ the
colonel for soundin’ the call on such a night.
The men were as wild as the horses, and
shouting oaths. At every oath and trumpet-
blare the mounts would rear and lunge. I
never saw a madder scene in any drunken
dream. We got ’em after a while into some
sort of line across the parade-ground.
A-•”

  “I had been cursing department orders
that kept me in such a hell,” Zach broke in.
“On my day’s duty I let hate get hold o’ my
heart. There by the telegraph office I stood
and cursed the uniform and the men, my
comrades, and suddenly I hated the regi-
ment. I hated myself. The idea-”

  “Then a trumpeter sounded attention.”
Quincy went on with his thread of the tale.

  Weaving a blanket, they were, between
them, that was covering all of us in such sus-
pense that we scarcely breathed. Zach was
high in emotion, glorified by the fulfilment
of confession, I thought; Hodges was re-
membering an old occasion that had stuck
to him like a burr.

  “Then a trumpeter sounded attention,”
Quincy ^hurried on, his eyes flaming with
memory. “The line of horses straightened
out, and for the snap of your finger they
were quiet and still—no more motion than

a dead man’s breath. Thorm-”

  “Tell it all,” Thorm admonished. “I was
officer of the day. I (didn’t have to as-
semble with you for this midnight drill. I
had other duty. But I was idle for the mo-
ment and I paced back and forth by the tel-
egraph officer, and cursed my comrades and
the regiment. I watched the regiment
form. It was a scene, there in the windy
moonlight—horses milling, rearing—men
shouting, bugles screaming—I cursed it all.

  “The idea came to me that the earth
ought to split open there on the parade-
ground and let them all slip into hell. The
thought crowded out my sense of logic. I
think for a moment my mind was in eclipse.
Then the line of horsemen straightened out
and was as motionless as a dead man’s
breath.”

  “And a-twangin’ like a fiddle-string ready
to snap!” Hodges breathed.

  “And then—then,” Thorm said more
gravely than ever, “a voice with the devil in
it rose wild and high in a wicked and long-
drawn call—the wail of a mad ghost in a
graveyard.”

  “My mount began to quiver,” said the
old soldier of the line. “The horses gasped
in their startled, wheezing breaths. As if to
command they reared or turned or plunged
—wild, and broken and scattered by that
wail as ai clod is crushed and scattered by
your fingers.”

  “I know. I saw them,” cried Thorm.
“They plunged out of ranks. They began
to run pell-mell. They collided with one
another. I heard the impacts. I heard
bones break. They trampled men. They
Diunged their riders and themselves into
adobe walls, and against the great black
boulders below the cHffs. Some horses
:missed these traps and got into the open
range, dragging limp men from stirrups.
The Wind

59

 The tally o’ dead men ran to twenty-eight.”
 “You’re forgettin’!” Hodges flared.
 “You’re forgettin’ mention of the crip-
 ples.” He stamped his metal brace upon
 the floor.

   Thorm mopped his gray face with a fresh
 white handkerchief.

   “You talk about goin’ away,” the stage-
 driver sneered. “Captain de Zentin was
 . found with the dead.”

 “His horse plunged him to death in arm’s
 reach of me,” Zach confessed in his quaver-
 ing old voice, broken now so that it tugged
 . at our hearts. “I saw his white face turned
 upward in the moonlight.”

   “He was going away the next day, Thorm
 —de Zentin was. Him and his wife and
 two little girls that used to wear white
 frocks and blue ribbons. They were going
 to Omaha, where there would soon be green
 grass and civilization. It was his talk for a
 month beforehand. He commanded my
 company. And your shout killed him.”
 Thorm stammered that this was true—
 true'.

   “There was Forrest,” Hodges went on re-
 lentlessly, leaning on his left hand upon the
 table and gesturing accusingly now and
 then with his right. “Forrest was a private
 in my troop. He’d been hoardin’ to get
 money to go to Paris when his time was up
 —go to Paris and study art. He made pic-
 tures—good pictures of soldiers and wagons
 and Indians. They found him dragged life-
 less on the rocks.

   “Sergeant Francis, too. Tall and thin
 and straight and just. He was ordered to
 Fort Sam Houston, but there was an ord-
 nance sergeant with a sick wife, and Francis
 stepped aside and let that other man go.
 But Francis was to go next—but they found
 him—trampled, loyal to duty, a-holding
 three bridle reins in each hand where he was
 trying to quiet the animals.

   “All of them wanted to get away from
 that wind, Thorm, the* same as you. This
 wind, this time, ain’t so bad in forty days as
 it was then, because this is home to all you
 people. But them others are out there yet,
 Thorm, and you talk about leaving.”
 “Quincy,” pleaded the captain. “Quincy.”
 “When the colonel couldn’t find the man
 who cried out,” Hodges went on, cruel now,
 it seemed, “he assembled what was still left
 on duty of the regiment and he went around
 to them and said God would reveal the man
 that caused the accident. He assembled

 ’em close by the hospital porch, Thorm, so
 some of the sounder sick and injured men
 could get out and be examined, too.

  “Lookin’ out of the hospital window I
could see some of ’em—could see you. And
when the colonel spoke to you, I knew you
was the one. The. colonel could have
known too, if he hadn’t been angry and,
after all, misdoubtin’ of God. But I saw
and knew. Your eyes scringed.”

  “But I said then, Hodges,” Thorm cried
out in protest, “I said in that instant that I
would make restitution—no, no, not that—
would punish myself for my crime. I set
myself the task of staying out here one year
for each man who died, staying almost as
close to my house as they were staying to
the grave. Then I resolved to add three
years more for the injured. And I have
stayed. Now-”

THERE was silence for a little time
until Hodges spoke.

“How you expecting to get to the
railroad tomorrow?” Quincy demanded sus-
piciously.

  “I have been depending on you going out,
Quincy.”

  Hodges shook his head grimly. “I
wouldn’t go out in this wind for—even to get
the doctor.”

  “Quincy;” pleaded Thorm, forgetful of
his audience, you are the only man in town
who has a car that can be put through the
gale of Little Pass. You wouldn’t disap-
point me. It wouldn’t do you any good.
Quincy, man! I’ve stayed my thirty-one
years.”

  A new voice spoke up. “I’ll take you
out,” it said, “if you will go tonight. I
think my car could make it through at
night. The wind isn’t so terrible then.”
“No, no,” Thorm protested. “I can’t go
tonight. When I promised myself I would
give a banquet and assemble the people I
said I would heap the measure full, like a
bushel of oats heaped high and running over.
I’ll spend this night out there in the old fort

among the graves of those I slew with-”

  “That wail!” Hodges broke in.

  “That wail!” Thorm broke out in agony,
“When the wind blows the wail is in my

ears. Always the wind and the wail. --

’em! When the wind rattles my window it
is the wail trying to get in and chill me. The
wail and the wind and hell. It was the wind •
that drove me wild—that has-”
6o

Adventure

  He paused, as if reminded of something
his expression changed, and he shouted out
in a new voice:

  “But I am free now. Tomorrow I go
away, away, away!”

  In the silence that came as sweet music, a
woman’s voice asked gently—

  “Where?”

  “To Washington!” he thrilled. “To my
country’s capital. First to see the great
domed structure, and the White House and
Washington’s monument, and all the rest of
that great city. And I shall go to all the
pleasant places of the world,” he continued.
“To Egypt to see the Sphinx that has been
more patient than me, and to Rome and the
Alps and to the Holy Land to see the Mount
o’ Calvary where—Good-by, my neighbors.
Farewell, my friends. I go now for the vigil
with those who stay behind.”

  Sobbing openly, Laughing Zach, the blus-
terer, took up his moth-eaten cape lined
with yellow silk and strode from the room
while we sat and thyaght after him.

  When the front door closed behind him I
rose and said quietly to the guests that I
would follow after my friend to see that no
harm of the night or the wind befell him.
But when I was donning my overcoat in the
front room Hodges joined me and said,
grimly, that he would go also.

  By the time we were wrapped for the out-
side, the crowd of guests had pushed into the
front office. We slipped out and turned into
the road. Captain Thorm was ahead, quite
visible in the moonlight with his long cape
blowing out ahead and seeming to wave and
beckon to us to hurry on.

  I love the wind. The prairie gales whis-
pered in my ears when I was born and sang
me to sleep in a sod house in my youth. In
the northern Pacific seas the wind’s drone
has made me dream of castles in Spain, and
I have breathed the breath of living life un-
der its icy song in the Dakotas. I have
listened to its maidenly enchantments on
southern shores. It has sung of God, of
Life, of Love. To me it is a musician who
lends more ecstasy than a thousand harps
can make me feel.

  The love of the music of the wind has
grown upon me with my graying hair and I
have acquired the habit of walking abroad
at night when the breezes stir, listening to
the tales they whisper in the grass like wa-
terfowl. So the paths were not difficult for
me to follow as we kept after Laughing Zach.

  He fought on steadily toward the old fort.
Sometimes clouds of dust, sweeping along
like the smoke of battle, came between us
and once after a curtain had blown aside we
saw the old officer running, as if he dared to
lose no more of the night.

  Presently he passed over the shoulder of
the hill, beyond which was the ruin of the
old mud garrison. He passed from our
sight among great boulders of the desolate
old camp ground.

  Of a sudden Hodges clutched my arm and
cried—

  “What’s that?”

  His eyes were protruding, and he gazed
back over the way we had come. For an
instant I feared to turn my head—afraid of
what I should see. When I mustered cour-
age and turned, I beheld coming after us a
procession, scattered out, garments waving
in the wind. A troop of black and silent
ghosts they seemed.

  “The fools!” stormed my companion
harshly. “Whv couldn’t they have stayed
back?”

  “A Roman holiday,” I thought, then
changed my opinion, for I had seen tears in
their eyes back at table and knew their
hearts were warm for the old man, their
neighbor, in his hour of torment.

  Quincy and I went on, not waiting, and
made our way among the great black boul-
ders on the hillside until we reached the
spot where the old telegraph office had stood.
A little of the adobe walls were still visile—
but almost tramped flat by the footsteps of
Time. It was best, we thought, for sake of
the old officer’s private vigil among the
graves beyond, to go no farther. We were
in a sufficiently commanding position to
maintain a watchful eye in his behalf.
We made out the flapping cape, here and
there, as its owner wandered among the
ruins in the white moonlight of the storm-
blown night.

  Somehow the journey reminded me ©f the
wearied flight of the eagle—endless struggle.
It almost seemed that I could make out the
bird high above the cliffs.

  As Hodges and I watched, the other guests
assembled among the rocks behind us, lean-
ing against the boulders or sitting on them
or crouched in their shelter. Their white
faces were turned in our direction; their
dark garments flapped; they were silent. It
was like a party of spirits, and I wished the
light of day would come.
The Wind

61

THORM kept on his winding
 course among the crumbling build-
 ings, following the path perhaps
 that he had laid that night when this old
 army post was a living sentinel on the trail
 to Yuma. After a time we saw him pause
 as if stopped by a man at his side. Then he
 walked Rapidly toward the old headquar-
 ters structure. He entered, was out of sight
 a minute, came out, ran toward the guard-
 house. Before the little structure he ges-
 ticulated, and I was certain I caught a wisp
 of his voice on the wind.

    “He’s talking to the sergeant of the guard
  again, like he must have done that other
  night,” Hodges whispered to me. “He’S
  acting out that other night like a play.”

   Thorm walked away from the guard-
 house, looking back as if watching the guard
 turn out and form. Then he began to stroll
 as officers of the day do. He turned out of
 the parade-ground, crossed a street, turned
 " in back of officers’ row. He passed behind
 the houses, was out of our sight for a while,
 then he appeared at the other end of the
 line and began to climb the hill toward us.

    He found his journey difficult, for the
  wind-currents beat'and eddied around the
  boulders with the wickedness of an ocean
  surf. He struggled up the hill, however,
  toward the telegraph office, stopping fre-
  quently to look out over the parade-ground.

    “He sees the regiment forming,” I said to
  my companion, who nodded.

   Presently Thorm was between the dim
 trace of the telegraph office wall and the
 boulders, a short way beyond which we were
 half-concealed. He began to pace back and
 forth, vexedly, stopping each time at the end
 of his beat to look down into the quadran-
 gular parade. He began to walk more rap-
 idly, to look more sharply toward his vision
 of the confused troops. And all the while
 he muttered.

  . The white faces of the onlookers back of
  us never wavered.

    Then for a full minute the captain gazed
  down below at the parade so full of life for
  him. He turned back, stooped as if peering
  into the window of the telegraph office—that
  had been gone for twenty years—and rais-
  ing, glanced about in all directions.

    “That wail was premeditated!” Quincy
 whispered excitedly.

    “No,” I said. “It is mad cunning, his
 caution. Look now how excited he is.”

    Thorm was glancing about, quick in his

movements, tensed. Once more he looked
down below. He seemed to see the regi-
ment when the bugle brought the horses to
a standstill. He raised up on his toes. He
threw back his head and he gave voice to an
unhuman scream that sent our scalps
a-prickling as it droned away on the wind-
high and undulating and weird, that scream
of mental agony.

  He watched, seeing again the panic he had
wrought. Once he said in a low agitated
and awed voice—

 “Whoa! Whoa!”

  Then one of the tragedies of that old
night occurred again to him; and in a sud-
den shock of awakening and remorse he
dropped to his knees in a praying-attitude
and groaned and cried out in repentance.

  When Quincy and I rose those faces be-
hind us rose also and turned and went
away. We went until we could catch only
a wisp of his praying words now and then on
the waves of the gale, and we waited until
he was silent. When we stole back he was
going down the hill, and we followed until
he reached the graves of the twenty-eight,
snugged away in a cove of Hospital Canon.

  He went to each mound and stood there a
moment, sometimes speaking words as if in
benediction. He kept on among them, stroll-
ing, pausing, until daylight was abroad, and
even then showed no signs of leaving. That
he might not see us, Quincy and I returned
to the hotel.

  There were embers still in the great fire-
place that some settler before my day had
built, and we sat down to thaw some of the
chill from our bones. As we stretched our
hands to the warmth I remembered the pa-
per that Thorm had given me. Perhaps I
was premature, but I passed it on to Hodges.

  He read it and passed it back with a curi-
ous expression upon his face. When I
looked I saw that it was a deed, properly
executed, giving the Herd-o’-Mustangs
ranch to Quincy Hodges. It was Thorm’s
greatest landholding.

AFTER that I dozed. I must have
slept in that deep chair, for I started
up at a confusion of sound. It was
eight o’clock. There were voices and
trampings in the office and on the porch. I
hurried out and I found that a dozen of our
townsmen—in truth all the men of the vil-
lage not urgently occupied—had come out to
bid Laughing Zach farewell.
62

Adventure

  “Will Quincy take him?” I asked, the first
words I spoke.

  In answer one of them pointed across the
bare plaza to the garage, and there I saw
Quincy starting our way with his mail-
truck. In a moment he roared up to the
hotel porch and stopped.

  Presently we saw Thorm come from his
house. We watched and speculated in low
voices among ourselves while the old man
came on, garbed now in the ordinary garr
ments of a man ready to travel. As he drew
nearer, Quincy shamefacedly busied himself
at dusting off the cushions. I wondered if
the deed was burning a hole in his coat
pocket. Laughing Zach set foot upon the
porch.

  “A pleasant journey,” I greeted.

  He was calm now and he seemed to be en-
wrapped in a halo. He regarded us, then
raised an arm and pointed off toward the old
fort.

  “I spent the night out there-”

  He dropped his arm. He swailowed.

  “I have decided that I shall not go when
they must stay behind in their narrow beds.
So I shall not be riding with you to the
railroad, Quincy. But you are to keep the
deed.”

  He bowed to us and turned on his heel.

  “Wait!” Quincy cried. “Hoyv about
Washington? Ain’t you going to see the
capital, Zachary?”

  “Pooh!” Thorm snapped his fingers de-
risively. “A child’s dreaming. Who wants
to go to Washington?”

  He threw back his head and laughed and
it was the same laugh we had heard a thou-
sand times. But we knew it now for a make-
believe laugh that was trying courageously
to hide his fondest dreaming.

  “Zachary,” said Quincy, to our surprize,

“what’s tellin’ you to stay? Your col
science?”

  “Yes,” Thorm answered simply.

  Hodges cranked his car thoughtfully, then
he came up on the porch and he counted us
and himself.

  “Fourteen,” he said. “Zachary, four-
teen consciences know better what’s right
than one conscience.”

“What do you mean?” Thorm questioned.
“I mean fourteen of us say you have paid
long ago, and ought to go on your journey.”
Quincy faced us. “How about it, men?”
Our instantaneous answer was a growled,
hearty “Yeah!”

  Thorm thanked us with beaming eyes.
He was grateful for that vote from his neigh-
bors. But he stood flat and began to shake
his head. /

  “You’ve paid a hundred times,” Quincy
urged, and seeing that the captain was not
moved, he spoke to us again:

  “Men, say good-by to Zachary if you
want to. We’ll be going.”

  Some of us took the hint and started it.
We rushed up and began to shake hands
with Laughing Zach and crowd him toward
the roaring car. We literally hand-shook
him into the seat beside Quincy. In fact
there wasn’t anything left for him but to
take the word of the fourteen consciences
and go.

  “All right,” he said huskily at last. “All
right.” He was glad, happily excited.

  “Don’t forget the trunk,” I shouted to
Hodges.

  “Hang the trunk!” bawled the ch^ver.
“We got to hurry to catch the train, in this

wind.”

  It had not occurred to me until then that
the wind was starting on its forty-first day,
high and hard.
IT.PATRICK GREENE

Author of “No Evidence,” “The Man Who Stayed," etc.

WITHOUT doubt Nyanga the
Chief was greatly angered and
it was only by a mighty effort
that he could restrain the tor-
rent of invectives that rose to his lips.
Somewhat of the fierceness of his passion
showed in his scowling face. His eyes were
almost hidden by the fatness of his cheeks
but from them shone a baleful light that
caused many of the warriors to think of
death. His big hands opened and closed
convulsively on a small assegai; the symbol
of his rank, of his power of life and death.

  Intya, if he noted these signs, heeded not
the anger of the chief. His upright, sol-
dierly carriage showed no sign of fear, no
hint of homage.

  “That is all, my uncle,” he concluded at
length. “My story is told.”

  For a short space Nyanga regarded him
silently, his face working furiously. Sud-
denly he sprang to his feet with a lightness
that was surprizing, considering his big
bulk. His right hand, trembling with rage,
held aloft the toy assegai with which he
made a threatening gesture.

  The captain of the bodyguard shouted a
brief order and Intya was quickly sur-
rounded by warriors.

  The atmosphere was charged with death.
No man moved or spoke, but all watched the
chief’s right hand, the hand which held the
assegai—watching for the downward thrust

and the words “take him away,” which
would be the signal for the assegais of the
warriors to be plunged in the body of Intya.

  Slowly Nyanga sank back on his seat and
let the assegai fall from his hand. The cap-
tain of the bodyguard again grunted an or-
der and the warriors released Intya, return-
ing to their place behind the chief.

  A gasp of relief came from the old men,
the councilors, as all awaited for word from
Nyanga.

  “Dog,” he panted, for he was very fat and
the fierceness of his anger had brought him
to the verge of apoplexy, “Dog, I have
listened this long time to thee, hoping to
find some signs of meekness, some respect
for the traditions of my people. But thou
hast none; thou art altogether a thing with-
out shame. Aye, I listened to thee, in part,
because thou art my brother’s son; because
thou art blood of my blood, and no man-
child dwells in the shadow of my hut. But
to what end have I listened? To hear thee
sing the praises of the white men whom ye
foolishly seek to ape.

  “Thou sayest that the white men have
won a great fight. Where then are the cat-
tle they captured? Do their warriors re-
joice because many captured maidens are
added to their huts?”

  Nyanga paused for breath, his bloodshot
eyes peering continually from side to side.

  “Such is not the manner of the white men

63
64

Adventure

—to take the women prisoners. This was a
white man’s war,” murmured Intya.

  “A white man’s war,” scoffed the chief.
“Is it then the white man’s way to take the
cattle and young men of their friends—aye,
they called me a friendx-rbut to leave un-
touched the cattle of their enemies?”

  “They paid thee for the cattle, my uncle,
and as for the warriors who went from this
kraal, they went of their own accord and
they too were paid.”

  Nyanga’s anger burst forth anew.

  “Thou art overglib of tongue,” he snarled.
“A poor price they paid for the cattle.
Had they taken them as a gift I would have
been as well paid.”

“They paid the price ye asked, my uncle.”
“They cheated me, I tell thee. They
paid the price I asked, in truth, but to
Marka—may the spirits spit on his soul—
they gave double.”

  “They paid him what he asked, as they
paid thee.”

  “Aye? Therein I say they dealt unjustly
with me. How was I to know that the
white men would pay whatever price I
asked? Being ignorant of this, I say, they
cheated me, paying the smaller price. Is it
not so?” Nyanga appealed to his coun-
cilors.

  “Aye, great chief,” they answered.
“Without doubt they are men of double-
dealing; there is no truth in them.”

  “Hear ye the words of my people,” con-
tinued Nyanga complacently. “They are
all of one mind in this matter.”

  “It is thy mind, my uncle.”

  “Have a care, thou.” Nyanga picked up
the assegai and toyed with it. “Once be-
fore this was raised on high and because
thou didst show no sign of fear it was cast
aside. The next time thou wilt not so easily
escape.” He lapsed into a brief, moody
silence.

  “Where are my young bulls—the war-
riors who followed the spears of the white
men?” Nyanga demanded suddenly. “Their
women come every day asking for word of
their men-folk. What can I answer them?”
“Many are in the land of the great spirits,

O	chief.”

  “Nay. It is not of them I ask. Of them
word has been brought and we have sung
their praises for they died in battle, glorifying
my name. But the others; where are they?
Nay, there is no need for thee to answer.
They have become weaned from the cus-

toms of my people, seeking, in truth, to be-
come white men; forgetting their skins are
black. And thou—Uar and ingrate that
thou art—thou are one of them.”

  “Without doubt they will return anon, my
uncle. As for the rest, I am no liar. The
things I have told thee are true things.”
“Again do I call thee a Mar. Are then
these white men gods? Nay, I know them
to be of passions like unto ours. Yet thou
sayest that thou dost serve a white man who
can command the spirits. That if he give
an order in this place it shall be heard a
day’s—nay, a twenty days’ march away.”

  “I know not how it is, but it is a true
thing.”

  Nyanga snorted.

  “They have bewitched thee. Heed well,
just this one chance I give thee, forgetting
the shame that I, the chief, should plead
with such a one as thou art. Wilt thou
forsake the service of the white men and re-
turn to thy kraal?”

  “It can not be, O chief. I have sworn an
oath of allegiance. Twelve moons must 1
yet serve.”

  “Then go thy way and trouble me not
further, and thy name shall become a thing
of shame among the people.”

  “And what of Nada, thy daughter?”

  “She is not for thee, save—see how merci-
ful I am—thou canst pay the lobelia, the
marriage gift I ask.”

  “That I will do gladly. Had ye asked all
that is mine I would gladly pay it.”

  “And what is thine?” Nyanga asked
mildly.

  “I am headman of the kraal that was my
father’s.”

  “Nay. Not so. Thou wert headman, it
is true, but not so now.

  “Juffa.”

  The captain of the bodyguard came for-
ward.

  ‘Inkosi?”

  “Thou hast ever been faithful to me,
scorning the ways of the white men. That
ye may learn how the chief rewards those
who are faithful do I make thee headman of
the kraal that was Intya’s and all that is in
it is thine, unless so be Intya can pay me the
lobelia I ask.” Nyanga smiled grimly.
“What then do ye ask ”

  “Restore to me my last dwelling-place—
that is all.”

  “But what talk is this?”

  “Nay, I speak not further. Now get ye
With the Aid of the Spirits	65

gone, before I order that ye be beaten from
the kraal.”

“It is an order,” said Intya wonderirigly,
and walked slowly from the council-place.

AT THE gate of the stockade that
encircled the kraal Intya was
greeted by a slender, graceful
maiden.

“O-he! Intya! Whither goest thou?”
“To the place of the white men. The sun
no longer shines for me in this place.”
“How sayest thou?” Nada cried in
aggrieved tones. “Is not this the place of
my dwelling?”

  “Of a truth, but thou art not for me.”
“What meanest thou? What said my
father, the chief?”

  “He will have none of me, nor will he con-
sent to our wedding unless I pay him the
lobelia he demands.”

  “What then? Thou art rich. But per-
chance I have lost favor in thy sight.”

  He caught her fiercely to him.

  “Thou knowest that is not so. All my
wealth is as a thing of no moment compared
to thee.”

  “Then why?”

  He released her suddenly and his arms
dropped to his side dejectedly.

  “But I had forgotten. I have no wealth;
less than the dogs am I. No longer am I
headman. The chief, thy father, hath put
another in my place.”

  “Ah, wo is us! But why hath he done
thus?”

  “Who shall say. Because I am in the ser-
vice of the white men, perchance. Tell me,
Nada, why is he so embittered against
them?”

  “Did he not say?”

  “Some little he spoke of the cattle he had
sold to the white men, receiving, he said, less
than did Marka, the chief of the land to the
south; that angered him.”

  “And that is all?”

  “Save that he scorned me and others from
this kraal who have entered the service of
the white men. Yet there was a time when
he held himself greatly honored that I, flesh
of his flesh, had found favor in the eyes of
the white men.”

  Intya proudly fingered the sergeant’s
stripes which adorned his sleeve and the
medal on his chest.

  “Then thou hast not heard of the great
shame?”

  5

   “Nay. ‘What is the story?”

   “Look yonder and learn.”

   Intya looked over the broad expanse of
veld that fronted the kraal. It was level
as the palm of a man’s hand. Thus by cut-
ting down the trees and destroying the
tangled forest growth had Nyanga and by-
gone chiefs insured themselves from surprize
attacks. Intya turned to Nada—

   “I can not read thy riddle, Nada.”
“Canst see the ant-hills that were wont to
stand at the edge of the bush-land yonder?”
She pointed across the clearing to where
the jungle-growth began.

   Intya looked, rubbed his eyes and looked
again.

   “Nay,” he said at length, “they are not
there. Who hath defiled the burial-place of
the chiefs?”

   “White men came to my father’s kraal, O
Intya. White men with guns drawn by
many mules. The voice of the guns was as
the mighty thunder and when they spoke,
the ant-hills, the burial-place of the chiefs,
and the one that was to have been my fath-
er’s place when he leaves us to go to the
spirits, vanished in a cloud of dust.”

  “Now know I what meant the chief by
the words ‘Return to me my resting-place
and all shall be well.’ That is the lobelia I
must pay for thee, Nada. But what hope
of that? Alas, we are indeed undone!”

   She clung tightly to him.

   “At least I will marry none other,” she
said. “Hope still, O mighty one; per-
^chance thou will yet find a way. Hast thou
not the ears of the white men?”

   “It is well thought of, maiden.” A new
hope filled Intya’s voice. “They destroyed
and they must repay. Now fare thee well
for I must go. The camp of the white men
is seven days’ trek from here and already I
have dallied too long. It would ill become
me, Sergeant Intya of the Bretis So’ Afri-an
Polis, to be absen’ ’out leaf.”

   The last words were spoken in English
and Nada looked at him with a wonder as if
he had uttered the wisdom of the universe.

SEVEN days later Intya arrived at
Zamba where a gigantic aerodrome
was in course of construction. Hun-
dreds of natives, under the directions of
white men, were busily at work clearing the
land of the stunted bushes that had been
overlooked when the bigger task was accom-
plished—the felling of mighty trees.
66

Adventure

   On the far side of the clearing was a group
of huts, the headquarters of the white men,
and to the left another and larger group, the
quarters of the Native Police. Thitherward
Intya directed his steps, unheedful of the
toilers who shouted their greetings.

  Only once he stopped, and that was to con-
verse briefly with a squad of men who were
rolling the ground in front of the aeroplane-
shed with a clumsy native-made roller. They
were men of his own tribe, and to them
he gave news of the kraal. Then running
quickly, for it wanted but an hour to sunset
and he had much to do ere he reported for
duty, he came to the hut which he shared
with three other sergeants. Entering, he
doffed his uniform and busied himself with
removing the travel-stains, burnishing, until
they shone like gold, the brass buttons and
buckles of his uniform.

  The bugle sounding the call “Fatigue
parties—dismiss,” found him still at his
task; but before the last notes had died away
Intya presented himself at the door of the
hut before which floated a tattered flag.
He saluted gravely, then passed into the
hut.

  “Sergeant Intya,” he said, “returned from
leave of absence begs to report for duty, sar.”

  Captain Moulter of the Royal Air Force
nodded absently.

  “Had scoff, sergeant?”

  “Yes, sar.”

  “Then stay here; we may need you.

  “So you see,” Moulter continued the in-
terrupted conversation with Barry, his lieu-
tenant, “there’s nothing we can do but
change our plans and prepare a station at
Marka’s kraal instead of Nyanga’s.”

  Barry groaned.

  “That’ll be hell, old chap. The country
round there is as bad as or worse than it was
at Ndola. It’s thick with bloomin’ ant-hills
and—” He groaned again and Moulter
echoed the groan.

  They had first-hand information of the
stupendous task the clearing of the ground
for an aerodrome at Ndola had been; a task
occupying nearly a thousand men seven
weary months. Seven months’ torture in the
reek of jungle heat, totally devoid of the
comforts of civilization; the work of remov-
ing myriads of ant-hills—ant-hills measuring
all of twenty-five feet high, each containing
tons of earth.

  And Marka’s was evert worse, Barry said.

  “Isn’t there any way we can force

Fatty—” this was Barry’s name for Ny-
anga—“to come to terms?”

   Not as I see it. The old chap thinks that
he has been cheated somehow and won’t
have anything to do with us. He says that
we can’t fly and if we can it’s because we are
in league with the devil, and evil is sure to
come of it. But there’s some other reason,
and I suspect if we could find out what he
meant by ‘restore my last resting-place,’
everything in the garden ’ud be lovely. But
not a word could I get out of him, or any
one else, as to what he was driving at.”
“Can’t we go ahead without his consent?
It’s an ideal place, plenty of good water and
hardly any clearing to be done.”

  “No chance of doing that. Where would
we get the labor in the first place? Besides
Headquarters stated that we are not to an-
tagonize the natives and specially warned
me to keep in with Nyanga—blast him!”
“Well, it’s a good job Marka hasn’t any
grudge against us. It ’ud mean clearing out
the forest if he had and I’d rather move ant-
hills any day. I tell you what, old man—”
Barry spoke excitedly, struck by a sudden
idea—“I believe the two old bounders are
playing a double game to see how much they
can get out of the Government.

  “When we 'first made a survey Marka
begged us to build at his kraal—offered us
free labor and the Lord knows what. Then
as soon as he heard that Nyanga wouldn’t
have us he changed his tune and is charging
top price for labor and is asking a big indem-
nity for the land we’ll use. What do you
think? Can’t we play one off against the
-other?”

  “No use. Nyanga hates Marka like
poison. Says he’s a thief and a liar. I
can’t imagine him entering into a conspiracy
wifh Marka. No, he’s got a grievance, real
or fancied. If we could find out what it
was and make it square with him, there’d be
nothing more to it.”

  “Sar. Is it permitted that I speak?”
  The captain regarded Intya closely.
  “Well, sergeant?”

  “Sar. I am from Nyanga’s kraal. He is
my uncle, and somewhat is known to me
that is hidden from thee.”

  “Canst tell what meant the chief by the
words, ‘Restore my last resting-place’?”
“Aye. That I know and the reason
wherefore he hath no regard for the white

men. Thus it is-”

  And Intya told of his love for Nada, of
With the Aid of the Spirits

67

how the chief had made another headrqan in
his place, refusing to countenance his mar-
riage until he had paid the strange lobelia.

  “Then thou art tied by the same rope that
binds us,” said the captain.

  “Aye, inkosi. But perchance I know of a
knife to cut the rope.”

  “Say on.”

  “First I would ask a boon.”

  “Does Sergeant Intya barter with his cap-
tain?” There was the quality of steel in the
captain’s voice, for all that he spoke quietly.

  “Thy pardon, inkosi. But this matter is
dear to my heart.”

  “What would ye ask?”

  “That if all things happen according to
thy liking, thou wilt give me an ’onorable
deescharge. Again, that all things that ye
do shall be done, in the eyes of my people,
as if at my command.”

  “It is no small thing that ye ask, Intya,
but it shall be granted thee. Thou shalt be
given an honorable discharge and—save
that it touch our honor—all things shall be
as if at thy command.”

  “That is good, inkosi. Then know ye not
that when a chief of my tribe dies, he is
buried in an ant-hill that he may the sooner
go to the land of the great spirits?”

  “That I know. What of it?”

  “At the edge of the clearing which sur-
rounds my uncle’s kraal stood many ant-
hills. In them all, save one, were the bones
of bygone chiefs. That other one was to
have been the last resting:place of Nyanga
when it came his time to die. To the kraal,
many moons ago, came white soldiers, men
of the artill’ry, with the big guns. The
guns opened their mouths and roared and lo,
the ant-hills vanished in a cloud of dust.”
Barry cursed fluently.

  “The- fools. Some half-baked sub-
altern trying to show off I suppose,” he said
to the captain. “I don’t blame Fatty for
being mad after seeing the family vault
blown sky-high.”

  “But what then?” asked Moulter.

  “Thou must return the ant-hill that was
to have been my uncle’s, that is all,” Intya
replied simply.

  “How?”

  Intya looked at the white man in aston-
ishment.

  “Does the inkosi ask me how? Has he
not the machine which flies through the air?
Can he not then gather the pieces that were
scattered by the shell and rebuild the hill?

 And if the hill be not until all is ready—
 what then? The spirits move mysteriously
 and no man shall say how these things mav
 be.”

   “Ye speak in riddles, Intya.”

  “Somewhat. Hark ye, inkosi. It al-
ways seemed to me that my uncle’s resting-
place would have nought of comfort for
him. His hill, look you, was but a small one,
barely the height of a man, and in thickness
less than that. Have ye not noticed that
there are many ant-hills hereabeuts of that
size, and the road to Nyanga’s kraal is of
easy passage for the machine that has many
feet.” (Intya meant the tractors that were
used in the work of clearing.)

   A gleam of understanding showed in the
 captain’s eyes as he turned to Barry with:
 “Do you get it?”

*	“’Pon my soul, I believe I do. But can
it be done? We’d have to move a hill bod-
ily. No chance knocking one down and
then trying to build it up again. Fatty
couldn’t be fooled that way.”

   “I think we can do it.”

   “But it’s got to be done properly, with
 trimmings and all that.”

   “We’ll leave that to Intya. What is thy
 counsel further, sergeant?”

SEVEN days later a number of
Native Police, all owing allegiance
to Nyanga, arrived at the kraal of
the chief, affirming that they, at the request
of Intya, had been granted permission to
visit their wives. Each bore a present to
the chief and spoke loudly in praise of Intya
and the greatness of his wisdom.

   Hard on their arrival came many natives
 of another district, and made their camp at
 the edge of the clearing which surrounded
 the kraal and near to where the ant-hills—
 the burial-places of the chiefs—had been.

   These men were under the charge of Intya,
 and at his direction they erected a large can-
 vas tent. This, the people of the kraal
 noted, was closely guarded at all times.

   The returned soldiers noised it abroad
 that it was part of the white men’s magic.
 That they, at the request of Intya, would at-
 tempt to restore the last resting-place of the
 chief. When questioned how such things
 could be, they lapsed into silence, thus
 further arousing the curiosity of the people.

   Only Nyanga, the chief, professed indif-
 ference, though it was noted that he often-
 times chanced to walk that way.
68

Adventure

  Anon, in the darkness of the night, came
two tractors, coupled together and hauling a
low platform mounted on wheels. The plat-
form was heavily laden, but none stopped to
investigate, for of a surety this ponderous,
clanking monster had its being in the place
of the “wicked ones.” Its single eye was
blinding and winked not. So much for the
search-light mounted on the first tractor.

  Soon the tent hid the platform from the
eyes of any curious ones who might have
conquered their fear of the clanking monster,
and then arose wild songs and the furious
beating of tom-toms, drowning completely
the shouted orders of white men, the rattling
of chains and the blows of hammers.

  With the rising of the morning sun the
people of the kraal went out to view what
new wonders had been performed, and lo!
The swarm of laborers had vanished. The
tent too had gone but in its place stood a
high pile of brushwood and by it—hands up-
lifted as if invoking the great spirits—stood
Intya.

  “What means this?” some asked of the
soldiers.

  “Intya prays the great ones to aid the
white men restore the resting-place of the
chief.”

  A low droning filled the air and all faces
were turned upward. An aeroplane swiftly
came into their field of vision.

  “What is that?” they cried in terror.

  “The white man goes to the home of the
spirits, seeking the place of the chief.”
Certain of the old men, councilors, hast-
ened to bear the news to Nyanga.

“Ye are bewitched fools,” he cried in tones
of contempt. “My resting-place hath been
scattered to the four winds. Can Intya by
words restore it, and for this other—this
story of men flying—bah! It is child’s talk.”
“Yet come and see for thyself, great chief.”
“Aye, I will come, but to see I will not.”
Coming to the open ground about the
kraal, they pointed in the direction of the
aeroplane, now fast going out of sight.

  “See ye,” they said excitedly. “Yonder
against the rising sun it is like unto a giant
bird. Hear ye not the droning as if of
man)’ bees?”

  “Without doubt it is a bird ye see, the
bees ye hear,” answered the chief. “But
who is this?” Nyanga pointed to Intya,
who was running swiftly toward them.
“Ay e, I see now. It is that thing of folly—
that nephew of mine.”

  “Is it permitted that I speak, O chief?”
Intya cried.

  “Aye. Say on.”

  “Word hath come to me, O chief, from
the spirits that thy request shall be granted.
This night after the setting of the sun, when
darkness covers the land, will I light the fire
yonder—” he pointed to the pile of brush-
wood—“that the spirits may see to perform
their tasks, and restore thy resting-place to
thee.”

   “Art so sure then that the spirits will heed
thy petition?”

  “Without doubt, O chief. But first I
would know thy intentions concerning two
things.”

  “Speak.”

  “Thou wilt restore to me the headship of
the kraal and give the maiden Nada to me?
Such was thy promise to me. And thy
promise to the white men, thou wilt also
abide by that?”

  “My word given, have I ever denied it?”
  “Nay, great one.”

  “Then see that thou canst accomplish all
that thou hast boasted. If ye fail, thy friend-
ship with the white men shall not save thee.”
“I shall not fail. But thou wilt be here,
thou and all the people, this night to witness
the wonders?”

  “Aye.”

  “Then until that time, let it be thy pleas-
ure that none shall come near to the place
yonder; it is sacred to the spirits.”

  At the command of the chief the people
fled with one accord to their huts, there to
wait the time appointed for the wonder-
working to begin.

  Only the maiden Nada stayed for a brief
moment to speak with Intya:

  “Canst thou indeed do this thing, O bull
of might? An ye doubt, let us flee together
from this place and seek safety from the
wrath of my father among the white men.”
“Fear not, Nada. I shall not fail. All
shall be as I have said.”

  “Somewhat am I afraid of thee, O power-
ful one. Thou dost talk with the spirits,
yet seek my love. Thou canst perform
wonder-workings, yet ask for—this.”

  She kissed him, then sped quickly away.

THE sun had set and the land was
covered with darkness — tropical
darkness.

  Out on the edge of the clearing came the
people of the kraal. Cattle disturbed by the
With the Aid of the Spirits

69

strange exodus lowed mournfully; the half-
starved dogs of the village set up a noisy
clamor, yelping with pain as they were
driven off by well-aimed stones.

  Anon all was still, save for the whimpering
of a frightened child, and the people of the
kraal waited in silence for the wonders to be-
gin. To them came the voice of Intya—
“Are ye all here, O people of Nyanga?”
“Aye. None are left in .the huts,” an-
swered the voice of the chief.

  “Then move not from the places ye now
hold. Wait in patience and pray that the
great spirits deal kindly with us.”

  There was a sharp hiss and a shower of
sparks, then a bright light shot up into the
air.

  Up and up it went until it seemed as if it
would of surety enter the land of the
spirits.

  “It is Intya’s messenger,” murmured one.
As they watched it broke into other lights,
many-colored, and then to their ears came
the sound of a sharp report.

  “The spirits are angry.”

  “Nay, watch—listen,” comforted Intya.
A low droning filled the air. Louder and
louder it came. Anon it seemed to be di-
rectly overhead and then ghostly red flames
appeared to be dancing in the darkness,
flames which twisted and twirled into many
fantastic figures.

  “Have mercy on us, O Intya,” cried
Nyanga. “The evil spirits are about us.”
“Nay. They are the spirits of the Great
Great. Watch.”

  The command was needless, for the people
could not take their eyes away from the
strange things that were happening in the
darkness.	»

  “ ’Tis as if some mighty bird were all afire,
and seeks to escape his death-agony,” said
one.

  Gradually the flames died away and all
was still, save for the droning noise which
became ever fainter.

  Then from a great height, or so it seemed
in the darkness, came a blinding ray of light.
Straight down it came as a stone dropped
from the hand.

  And then Intya applied a torch to the pile
of brush. Quickly it caught a-light, and as
it burned, the voicfe of Intya was heard or-
dering them to come nearer. With fear in
their hearts the people obeyed him.

  “Watch the fire of sacrifice,” cried Intya.
“The spirits have heard our plea and have

granted the desire of the chief. Watch the
fire of sacrifice.”

  As the light of the fire died down the light
from above was played directly on it.

  Then, seen dimly at first through the
thick haze of smoke, the people could discern
the shadowy outlines of an ant-hill. Clearer
and more distinct it became as the smoke
died away and the people saw that this was
no shadowy figment of the imagination, but
that it was indeed an ant-hill—the resting-
place of the chief. As this became plainly
evident to them they all fell to their knees,
hiding their faces in their hands, crying
loudly:

  “Merciful are the spirits. Great is Intya,
their mouthpiece, and the white men, their
messengers.”

OF THE chain of aerodromes
which make the Cape to Cairo air-
flight possible, the one of Nyanga
is generally acknowledged to be the best.
No others can compete with its vast, level
landing-field. No others have such well-
built, comfortable quarters for the pilots.
The whole-hearted manner in which the la-
borers perform their task of caring for the
place is the admiration of the officers in
charge of other aerodromes whose daily por-
tion it is to deal with laziness and thievery,
with desertion and mutiny.

  Perhaps the reason for all this is that
Intya, the chief—Nyanga having abdi-
cated in his nephew’s favor—was once a ser-
geant of the Native Police; perhaps because
the people had seen at first hand the wonder-
working of the white men, having a lively
remembrance of the fact that the white men
could command the spirits to come to their
aid.

  And of a surety no other station boasts a
chief, one of royal blood, as a “lookout.”

  Proud is Nyanga of his position—happily
ignorant of the fact that it was specially
created for him—as at the first signs of an
approaching aeroplane he tolls a large bell
warning all to clear the field.

  He firmly believes that a landing could
not be safely made unless he tolled his bell
and—for they are a superstitious crowd—
the pilots have adopted him as their mascot.
Nor will one ascend until Nyanga has tolled
the bell, commending them to the care of the
great spirits.

  Near to the bell stands a solitary ant-hill.
It is destined to be the last resting-place of
70

Adventure

Nyanga. Tl was his wish that the bell should
be hung t ear the ant-hill, for he said:

  “When my time comes to go to the land of
the spirits, this si',all be my resting-place.
At the bottom of the hill ye shall leave a

hole so that my snake, that soul of mine,
may be free to come and go as it pleases.
Thus may I come out and toll the bell when
those worthy ones, those men of keen eyes,
go forth to greet the spirits of the air.”

Author of ''Blackmail,'’ L'lVild Blood," etc.

RANT DOUGLAS left the girl in
the midst of other admirers and
came into his father’s darkened
library to think about her.

 He had known Frances Wvck for about a
month. Behind her almost flirtatious man-
ner he had seen that she was warily alert,
and her blue eyes at times had an,abrupt
chilliness that was not explainable by any-
thing he knew of other women.

 Grant felt that it wras very bad to have
his father and brother think him a thief;
but to have the woman that he suddenly
loved think so too—and not care! That
was what really bewildered him, and he sat
in the dark and brooded.

 No doubt it was his brother who had told
her; but no doubt “Brother” John—it was
in irony that Grant called him “Brother”
John—would have been as surprized as
shocked had he known how Miss Wvck felt
about it.

 Most people approved of John, though he
was preternaturally suave as perhaps a
rising young lawyer should be; and, so Grant
felt, was always making people around
him painfully aware of his attentiveness to
business. Tall, noiseless, soft-spoken, dark-
eyed, pleasant, with a quick brain and an
exasperatingly modest air, John had be-

come the pride of his father’s eye and very
nearly the most distinguished member of
Douglas, Douglas & Douglas, Attorneys-at-
Law.

  John loved the law, and Grant hated it;
John was up to all the curlicues, wrinkles
and tricks that a legal gamester can play—
that was business; but Grant had never won
a case in which he did not believe that his
client was right—that was Quixotic.

  John could win anything. He might get
even Miss Wyck.

  That night he was staying late in the
city—to attend to business, he said.
Always business came first.

  The house was packed with week-enders.
His father enjoyed company by the herds;
and John in a sly calculating way thought
it was a good thing to entertain—good for
business.

  That evening a group of people had
chatted for a moment or two about a
police raid on-an exclusive gambling-place.

  “You have flirted with chance?” Miss
Wyck had asked.

  “I am a lawyer,” said Grant, who also
owed some pressing debts at cards.

  “Risky things are most delightful,” she
added slowly; “aren’t they?”

  Under her blonde fluffiness there was an
Trapped

71

almost mysterious reserve, a sort of watch-
ful purpose, a steely glinj;, that puzzled
him. Other people had not seemed to
notice it, in fact she did not seem to show
much of that manner when talking with
other people.

  “I love to gamble,” she dropped her
voice. “I can understand—I really can—
why people do crime. The excitement—
it is the same as gambling.”

  “Nothing so romantic,” he said. “I
never knew anybody to gamble to lose.
A man takes any chance to win.”

  “Even turn burglar?” the question
slipped smoothly from her lips, but with
such a significant glance and intonation
that Grant flushed.

  The office safe, to which only members of
the firm had access, just about a month
before had been opened, some money taken
and the safe carefully relocked. Almost
unfortunately Grant, whose weakness was
gambling, had made a winning that same
evening and paid some of the debts of
which his father was angrily aware. No
denial of his could make either his father or
brother believe that he had not “borrowed”
the money.

  His father was an impulsive high-tem-
pered generous man, who had been in a
rage for several days over the matter, then
had seemed to forget it.

  Grant knew by the manner of Miss Wyck
that she had heard the story and he was
astounded when she reached over and
patted his hand quickly saying:

  “There are worse things. I’ve broken
into locks myself.”

  She seemed inviting intimacy, almost
asking for confidences. It bewildered him.

  He really did not know much about
Frances Wyck. His father knew her—
“a daughter of an old friend,” he had
said; and Grant’s sister liked her. Frances
was a pretty young woman with something
fascinatingly dangerous about her, and in
spite of her nearly flirtatious gaiety, he
felt that she was far-sighted and he knew
that she was watchful. But he loved her—
and had told her so. In answer he got
laughter that gave no decision, but did not
discourage him.

THE library door opened and shut
quietly.

  “That you, dad?” Grant called.
  No answer. He waited a moment—

 waited for the light to be turned on. But
 there was only silence.

 “Who is it?”

 Silence.

“Come on. What’s the joke?”

 No reply.

Grant arose, reached to the table and
jerked the cord of the reading-lamp, at the
same time looking over his shoulder and
into the muzzle of an ivory-handled revolver
behind which crouched a man in evening
dress; his hair had been hastily rumpled and
a white handkerchief was tied around his
face clear to the eyes.

“I say-” Grant began.

“Shut up!” The voice was low, hoarse,
disguised.

 The light was indistinct outside of the
 brilliant glow immediately under the lamp.
 Most men look alike in dress suits. The
 house was full of men in them, so it was not
 easy even to guess who the figure might be.

 At a gesture Grant lifted his hands.

The man obviously had not expected to
find any one there, but hurriedly made
what disguise he could by pulling his hair
down over his eyes, tying the handkerchief
about his face and crouching as he did so
that it was impossible to judge his height.
A hoarse whisper will hide almost anybody’s
natural voice.

 “Open that safe,” said the man.

 “Can’t.”

“Open that-”

“Combination’s been changed,” said
Grant.

“Lie!” The hoarse voice appeared a
little shocked.

 “Only yesterday,” Grant insisted. “Com-
 bination changed.”

It had not been, but he was taking a
chance that the burglar would not know
better.

The burglar did. He said—

 “Go over there.”

 Grant went.

The masked man followed him warily.
When Grant had kneeled before the safe
door a flash-light streamed across his shoul-
der on to the circular metal about the
knob.

 “Open it!”

 “I tell you I can’t!” Grant protested.

 The man began calling off the combina-
 tion, forcing Grant to follow it. The rob-
 ber had come expecting to open the safe
 quietly, but finding Grant there perhaps

m
72

Adventure

 thought it easier to make him help than to
 tie and gag him.

  Grant had no great wonder as to.how the
fellow knew the combination. The safe
was really more of a fire-proof box than any-
thing else, and at least three or four of the
Douglas clerks had been given the combi-
nation when sent to the house after forgot-
ten papers.

  When the door swung open, the fellow
said—

  “Hand me that yellow envelop.”

  It was the first thing in sight—and con-
tained money. Grant knew there were ten
thousand-dollar bills in it.

  He felt the muzzle of the gun against his
spine as he held the envelop over his shoul-
der. It was roughly jerked away.

  “Stay where you are on your knees. If
you look toward me, I’ll kill you!”

  As the man said that the flashlight went
out.

  Grant knew without looking around that
the fellow was slowly backing across the
room—not toward the door through which
he had come, but toward the door of a
little stairway that led to his father’s den.
The fellow seemed to have made himself
familiar with the house.

  Grant began slowly to turn his head, but
the vague light of the reading-lamp revealed
the movement.

  “Keep your head still!” said the voice.

  A moment later there was a resounding
smash; then the door shut. There was a
clatter of feet on the stairs. The man was
gone.

  Grant felt that he must have backed into
the short pedestal of the tall vase, for it
overturned with a terrific crash.

HE LEAPED up and ran to the
door through which the fellow had
gone. It was locked.

  He turned. Already people were beating
on the other door that opened from the hall
into the library. The fellow had locked
that as he came in. The fall of the vase
had been heard.

  Grant opened the door—

  “Quick—a robber—he went that way,”
Grant cried and pointed.

  There was a start for the”door, but he
said that it was locked; some stopped, but
others went and tried the door.

  Among those who stood near Grant lis-
tening closely to him were Frances Wyck

and his father. There was the usual bab-
ble and flurry of excitement. Some women
felt it was a good chance to get special
attention by being hysterical; men talked
excitedly and a few hurried out as if in
search of the robber, but more likely to be
the first to carry the news.

  As Grant was rapidly telling what hap-
pened, he looked into Miss Wyck’s face.
She was watching him closely with some-
thing more than the interest of the curious
excited women about him. In fact, she
did not appear excited at all, but her tense-
ness was inescapable and her eyes scrutiniz-
ing.

  In turning from her he looked toward his
father and was very nearly unable to
go on.

  Judge Douglas, as he was called out of
deference to past honors and continued
success, was a robust man of the Southern
type. His face was inclined to be red, but
at that moment it was nearly pale; his
features were prominent and strong and
the graying long hair was brushed back
over his head.

  To those around him Judge Douglas pre-
sented the air of one more sorry to have
guests disturbed than to lose whatever rob-
bers might take.

  There was chattering speculation about
the robber and all were soon of the opinion
that the fellow had been frightened into
haste by the noise he made in overturning
the vase, and they were convinced that
the robber was one of themselves—a guest
in the house.

  The people began to withdraw, still in
agitated wonder; but as Grant started out
his father called to him for a private word.
Judge Douglas turned and talked to Miss
Wyck until every' one else had left the
library, then he accompanied her to the
door, closed it and turned toward Grant.

  “You—you—” he began very' angry,
“you scoundrel!”

  “I don’t understand.”

  “You lie, sir!” Juds^e Douglas cried.

  “I? Lie!”

  “And steal!”.

  “Father! What do vou dare mean by
that!”

  “That you opened this safe and imagined
a masked bandit when you tumbled against
the vase. You didn’t know the door to my
den was locked—till you tried to leave.
You had this one locked to keep people out.
Trapped

73

You were trapped and lied—but not even
cleverly.”

  “Father!”

  “Never use that word to me again, sir!
Never again! The father of a thief—no!
You gambler! Cheat! Thief!”

  “I do gamble. I do not cheat. I am no
thief.” ’

  “You robbed the office safe too. I
couldn’t believe it of you. But here—
here—it is proved. I trapped you!”

  “You trapped me! You—stoop to that?
Contemptible!” Grant was angry.

  “Contemptible, eh? Contemptible—to
get caught. Your brother begged me not
to do it. John has defended you—blamed
our clerks—anybody—everybody—to pro-
tect you. All in spite of your disrespect to
and hatred for him. He said that one way
to catch a thief was to set a trap—but that
you weren’t a thief. • You are!”

  “John suggested it?” said Grant.

  “John had defended you first, last and all
the time. If he suggested the trap it was
because he believed in you. Wanted to
prove to me that you would not steal.
You’ve got your inheritance. All of it.
Take it and be out of this house by morn-
ing!”

  “But fa— Judge Douglas, I did not——”
“What were you doing in here—door
locked—low light?- A detective has watched
you.”

“Detective! Who is he—what—father?”
“I had to be sure. I wanted to know
what debts you had. I didn’t want to
tempt you to lie by questioning you. I
wanted to know.”

  “John too—the detective? He suggested
it?”

  “John has been your best friend. Why
did you sneak away and come in here
alone?”

 “I came-”

  “Yes, you came. Why?”

  “To think,” said Grant.

  “To think—about your debts and this
safe. The temptation was too strong. You
thought you could invent the story of the
masked robber. You are no longer my
son. I rewrite my will—tonight—now.
Get out!”

  “Father!”

  “I am no father of yours. You thief!”
As Grant went toward the door, it opened
and John came hurrying in, closing the door
softly behind him.

JOHN was rather slender and a
little stooped, with dark watchful
eyes and the fixed smile of one who
wishes to appear agreeable to all people.
He had an almost kindly expression, though
Grant knew him for as cold-blooded a law-
yer as ever bamboozled a jury. His voice
was trained, smooth, the words carefully
chosen and pronounced.

  He was about as excitable as a piece of
iron; but as he came hurrying into the
library carrying his hat and wearing his
topcoat, John showed a great deal of agita-
tion.

  “Grant—Grant! Tell me—it isn’t so?
It was a robber—wasn’t it? I just this

minute got here and heard. It was-”

  He gripped Grant’s arm, looking at him
earnestly.

  Judge Douglas pushed him aside with:
“No, John. Not this time—you can’t
defend him. There is no doubt and not the
trace of a robber. Imagine a burglar tell-
ing Grant the combination to the safe. It
is not even a clever story.”

  “Grant!” John exclaimed. “I don’t be-
lieve it. Father, he couldn’t—he simply
couldn’t. And yet—oh, Grant!”

  Grant felt like a brute for not feeling
that John was sincere; but it was expecting
the unnatural for a man of John’s money-
loving nature not to be pleasantly aware
that his inheritance was being doubled
though the family honor was being smirched.

  Grant turned to the door and as he went
out he heard his father saying that right
then and there a new will must be made.

  “But you will surely destroy it tomor-
row,” John replied. He knew the impul-
siveness of his father, perhaps even better
than Grant.

  “Never, my boy! Never. Gambler—
liar—thief. Stranger!”

  It was nearing eleven o’clock as Grant
went out and he turned up the stairs hur-
riedly, anxious to avoid every one and be
by himself; but at the top of the stairs he
met Frances Wyck.

  He spoke and started by, but she caught
his arm, saying—

  “I have waited for you, Grant.”

  “You too want the truth,” he said bit-
terly. “Well, then, I am a thief. I turned
the vase over by accident and imagined the
masked man.”

  “You imagine badly if you think I be-
lieve that,” she replied with arresting
74

Adventure

 calmness, the more surprizing because of her
 ruffles and fluffiness.

 “What! You don’t think——

 Hope came to him suddenly.

 “No. I do not think.”

 Her gesture was mothering. He never
 would be able to understancj. her. It was
 the last sort of gesture and tone that he
 would have expected from her. More sur-
 prizingly, she said—

 “And I would not have blamed you if
 you were guilty.”

 “Frances!”

 “Oh I can say that, knowing you are not
 guilty.”

 Grant impulsively took her hand. She
 drew it away.

 “But-” he began protestingly.

 She read his thought and answered—

 “I do not draw back from you and I
 believe you innocent.”

 “You know I love you.”

 She replied—

 “I know that you are grateful.”

 “You know, Frances, this is not the first
 time I have been thought a thief.”

 She nodded.

 “John told you,” Grant went on. “Yes,
 John would tell you.”

 “Shh-sh— you will be angry if you keep
 on talking. John said that he deeply
 regretted that your father suspected you.
 He told me himself that he was sure you
 would neyer do such a thing.”

 “But in telling you that, he could tell you
 that I was suspected,” Grant cried. “Oh,
 he is a born lawyer.”

 “Shh-hh,” she repeated. “Just now you
 should avoid hasty judgment—it has made
 you a thief.”

 “I know. I know,” he replied humbly.
 “It must be some man in the house. There
 are a dozen who—a detective too.”

 “A detective!”

 “Yes. I wish that he had kept better
 watch on me.”

 Both were silent for a time, then he
 extended his hand.

 “I am going before sunrise—my father
 said I could have the money that was
 stolen. That is to be my inheritance.
 Good-by.”

 “No—no. Not before sunrise. Please
 Grant, promise me. Don’t be stubborn.
 Don’t rush off like that.”

 “I was told to go.”

 “I am telling you not to go. Please.”

  “And have people come up to me, saying
how sorry they are, yet with the joy of
scandal on their faces! No thank you.
I’ll clear out. A thief has no right to love

a respectable woman, so Miss Wyck I-”

  “You don’t know that I am respectable,”
she said quickly, smiling, speaking so easily
that he was astonished.

  “But-” he was showing astonishment.

  “You are ready to doubt!” she flashed,
and laughed softly, not merrily.

  “No. I love you,” he protested.

  “And you are so sure that you wouldn’t
love a woman who wasn’t respectable! No
Grant, it isn’t love with you. It is grati-
tude—and curiosity. And if you won’t
leave the house at sunrise, I’ll make a con-
fession.”

  “Confession!”

  “Confession.”

  “What—tell me—I don’t understand,”
he protested.

  “No, and you wouldn’t if I told you—
now. Good-by, Grant.”

   He tried to question her, to talk, but she
was evasive and cryptic, and at last he
strode off, bitter.

FRANCES watched him go. She
was thoughtful and the steely qual-
ity that had glittered under her
fluff and laces appeared in her pretty face.

   “If I could get in his room,” she said to
herself, “I am sure that I could find that
money. I simply must get it away from
him without his knowing.”

   She stood for a long time in the upstairs
hall while the music for dancing and voices
of people floated up. At last resolutely she
went looking for a servant and, having
found one, followed him back up the stairs,
turning into her room as he went on to
Grant’s door.

   “Who is it?” Grant called, replying to the
knock.

   “Your father sir, wishes to speak to you.
He would like for you to wait in his den, sir.”
No answer. The servant went away, and
presently Grant came out. He had no
sooner disappeared down the hall than
Frances darted from concealment and ran
into his room.

   She began hastily, deftly, with the man-
ner of one accustomed to going through
other people’6 belongings without disturb-
ing anything to search the drawers of his
room.
Trapped

75

  Footsteps were outside of the door.
Grant had returned sooner than she ex-
pected. She had thought that he might
wait indefinitely, but Judge Douglas and
John had been in the den and Grant learned
at once that no one wished to see him.

  Frances, caught without means of get-
ting out unseen, looked quickly around her
and darted behind the open door of a closet.

  Grant was angry and hopeless. He
thought of hunting out the servant and
demanding who had given that false mes-
sage but instead he sat down on a chair to
think and brooded.

  It was very cramped and close quarters
behind the closet door, but as she had
no one to blame but herself, Frances en-
dured it with good grace and kept her eyes
fastened on his face. When he finally
arose, took out a revolver and examined
it meditatively, she was startled into a
movement that made a slight sound.

  Grant wheeled and stood listening; but
at that moment some people passed with
much talk through the hall and he either
forgot the noise that had attracted his
attention or thought it had been made by
those in the hall. He threw the gun
dejectedly back into the drawer and
slumped miserably into a chair—and there
he sat, on and on.

  Frances began to be alarmed, then weary.
Her body ached from standing tense in a
position that permitted little change and no
rest. He would sit as if frozen for a half-
hour, then stir slightly and again become
immobile.

  There was no way for her to escape unless
he left the room or went to sleep; and luck
was not with her. He did neither. She
blamed herself for having been careless
enough to get caught in a situation of the
kind; but self-blame could not help. Grant
did not leave his chair. She leaned against
the wall to get what- rest she could, and
smiled painfully.

  Hours went by. She was nearly ex-
hausted. But her fluffiness was only on
the surface; she did not faint or sink to the
floor.

  The house had become quiet after the
bustle and tramp, the laughter and calling
of partings in the hall and at the doors.

  Then out of the silence hurried slippered
feet went pattering through the hall. There
was a sharp knock on a door not far away—
an excited voice rose indistinctly—other

excited voices joined it and there was in-
creasing excitement and babbling, with
people scurrying about.

  Grant went to the door, listening. Some
one knocked. He opened it quickly.

  “Your father—he has been murdered!”

  Grant turned weakly and tried to ask
questions.

  “He was heard moaning—beaten on the
head and stabbed!”

  Grant, half reeling, went into the hall
and started for his father’s room.

  Frances waited. It was not going to be
easy to get out of that room unseen with
the hall full of people running to and fro,
though Judge Douglas’s room was at the
other end of the house.

  When it seemed quiet for a moment she
slipped from behind the door, but at once
moved back. Some one was coming, noise-
lessly.

  She could not see the face, but a figure in
a bathrobe came into the room, swiftly
opened the top dressing-table drawer,
threw something into it and hurriedly
shuffled out without looking around.

  Frances thought that she knew who it
was, and darting across the room, opened
the drawer and looked at what had been
left.

  “I guess right!” she said to herself, and a
moment later she darted furtively into the
hall and to her own room, where quickly
as possible she gave herself the appearance
of hasty dressing and hurried to join the
group in and about the room of Judge
Douglas.

  He lay on a broad bed of the old-fashioned
Southern kind, with a high carved head-
board, and dark red splotches were over
the pillows and stained the soft fresh linen.
The assault had been more th^n murderous;
it had been particularly brutal. The scalp
was torn from the blow of some blunt in-
strument evidently intended to make the
sleeping man unconscious and, that there
might be no possibility of recovery, he had
been stabbed. He moaned, unconscious,
and seemed to be dying.

  John was on his knees beside the bed,
praying aloud. Behind him, Grant stood
gazing down sorrowfully. Other people
disheveled and awed stood about, dumbly
staring.

  Judge Grant was greatly admired as men
are likely to be when they overcome the
fault of temper by frank apology and great
76

Adventure

generosity. His daughter had fainted and
was being supported by friends who scarcely
knew what to do.

  After the first glance about the room,
particularly at the two sons, Frances asked
if the doctor had been called. He had.
The police? They, too.

  The doctor arrived first and at once
cleared the room of all who were not rela-
tives.

I I WHEN the two plain-clothes men
|pijg?| arrived, John was senf for. He
Pj took them into the library, closing
the door. He was ever neat in his appear-
ance and had found time to slip into his
clothes.

  Frances ran upstairs, entered Judge
Douglas’s den, and softly descending the
stairs from there, listened at the door.

  John was saying:

  “You understand, gentlemen, how re-
luctant I am to accuse or even suspect any
one of this monstrous crime and I shall
accuse no one. I shall state the facts and
you may judge of the evidence.”

  He then related the story of the masked
robber which had not been believed by his
father.

  “My father and my brother quarreled.
Their voices were loud. Many heard them.
I had been' detained in the city by business
and as soon as I arrived home I heard of
the supposed robber and came into the
library where my father was just announc-
ing his intention of making a new will at
once and had ordered my brother to leave
the house by morning.”

  The detectives were beginning to see light.

  “I endeavored,” John went on earnestly,
“to dissuade my father from his intention.
Gentlemen, I love my brother, though we
have never been friends, that is, close
friends. But my father was determined.
The will was made out and placed in this
safe. You see, gentlemen, the safe is open.
The will is not there. My father has been
murdered!”

  The detectives looked at each other un-
derstandingly: the motive was clear.

  “But, gentlemen,” John declared pas-
sionately, “I can not even now believe my
brother guilty—that he would do such'a
thing. I can only suggest that you search
the room of the only person who would
have any interest in taking the will to
destroy it and in murdering my father so

that he could not make*a_new one. Oh,
it is terrible and it was foolish—foolish as
well as horrible. Tomorrow, within a week,
a month at most, my father would have
forgiven him.

“So, gentlemen, I suggest that you
search the room and if you there find any-
thing to warrant the action, you must im-
mediately bring him here. I shall wait for
you to return.”

The detectives went out with long, satis-
fied strides.

Frances remained at the door, which she
had barely opened. It had a catch lock.
John sat in a deep chair with his back
toward her.

The detectives, bringing Grant with
them, soon re-entered and placed two large
envelopes on the table.

“Oh, Grant, Grant!” John cried, rising
and reaching toward him at the sight of the
objects the officers laid down. “How could
you!”

Grant looked. about helplessly, bewil-
dered. He could scarcely speak—

“You believe that of me?”

“But Grant—this money—this will—in
your room.”

Grant shook his head. He could not
explain. He could not speak. He knew*
that he was innocent, but he was too bewil-
dered to protest.

“Grant, you know, you know very well
that no matter what the terms of the will
were, I would have shared equally with
you. You knew that—and yet, you mur-
dered our father!”

Grant cried out. He was aghast. He
had not expected that.

“Officers, arrest him,” John said.

The detectives laid hands on him; then
all turned at the sound of light footsteps
and a clear pleasant voice:

®"ya “PLEASE, please. Just a mo-

Sml ment”

“Ah, Miss Wyck,” said John,

turning toward her; then to the officers,

“The private detective, gentlemen, whom

my father employed to watch Grant.”

Grant looked at her with weary, tired

eyes. He felt betrayed, lost, shattered.

Then he heard her say—

“But Grant is innocent.”

“Alas, no, Miss Wyck,” John began.

“You are not familiar with the evidence.

That robber was imagined-”
Trapped

77

“Not by me,” she said quickly. “I
heard him!”

“Heard him!” John’s voice was in-
credulous.

“Yes. I was eavesdropping. I would
have come into the library but the door was
locked. I am sure too, that the robber
turned over the vase intentionally.”

 “Intentionally!” John cried, and the two
 detectives echoed him. Grant was like a
 man returning to life.

 “Yes, it would have been such a stupid
 thing to do by accident; but such a brilliant
 thing if intentionally. It brought people
 running—and Grant’s father found him in
 a compromising position. The robber was
 clever. It kept Judge Douglas from sus-
 pecting—say, any of the guests.”

“But Miss Wyck—the stolen will—my

 father—where else is the motive except-’

 he indicated Grant.

“That’s true, perhaps,” said Frances.
“But Grant did not leave his room. I was
there with him.”

“You—in Grant’s room!” John was
shocked. “Miss Wyck, though you are a
detective—it—you are a woman.”

 “Yes. For that reason I did not let him
 know I was there.”

“He didn’t know—really Miss Wyck-”

 “Yes, really, Mr. Douglas. I was behind
 a closet door. I had to stay there. I am
 a woman, you know.”

“Why were you there?” John demanded
almost unpleasantly.

“I thought the robber would try to
clinch the suspicions against Grant by put-
ting the money in his room.”

“And—Miss Wyck, and then?” John
asked quickly.

“Some one knocked and told Grant his
father had been killed.”

“Had been killed. Yes. Then—then
you got out without being seen?” John
cisked

 “Yes, Mr. Douglas.”

“How fortunate, Miss Wyck. Had peo-
ple seen-”

“Yes, Mr. Douglas—for had the man
seen who immediately entered Grant’s

room-”

“What—somebody—you saw?”

 “I saw, but not his face.”

 “Oh,” said John.

 “I saw what he did. He put those things
 in the top dresser drawer.”

“Then, Miss Wyck. Then?”

  “He went out quickly.”

  “And you did not see-”

  “I did not see his face. No. But I saw
the money and document.”

  The detectives made surprized sounds
and stared at each other. John put his
hands to his head as if to collect whirl-
ing thoughts and Grant almost collapsed
but caught himself at the edge of the table.
Miss Wyck was undisturbed. Her blonde
fluffy hair gave her an almost frivolous
appearance if one did not notice her eyes
so coldly blue just then.

  “Who—who-” said John with trem-
bling voice and indignation, “could have
done that—and—why?”

  “I thought,” she replied, “it possible that
this mysterious person had been plotting
with Grant to steal the money and then the
will.”

  A hopeless groan came from Grant.

  The detectives looked wisely at each
other; this woman was saving them the
trouble of thinking.

  John turned on his brother furiously—
  “So that—that—is what you did!”

“THERE seemed no reason in the
world,” said Frances, “why any-
body but Grant would be interested
in destroying his father’s will.”

  “None,” said John, his eyes accusingly
on Grant.

  “None,” said one detective.

  “Yes, none,” said the other.

  “But,” Frances continued, “there must
be some other reason some place. The
man who brought those things to Grant
was not his friend.”

  “You did not see him!” John cried.

“You said-”

  “No—T saw only his dressing gown. I
am a woman—a woman never forgets
details of a garment. Colors are indicative
of character. This one was covertd with
black dots. I saw it again in Judge
Douglas’ room—and there I saw the man’s
face too, though he was kneeling!”

  “Who? Who? For God’s sake, who?”
Grant cried.

  The two detectives leaned forward breath-
lessly.

  John was standing tense, watchful.

  “It was worn by the only person in the
world who would have an object in seeing
Judge Douglas dead so that he might imme-
diately enter upon his large inheritance
78

Adventure

while some one else was suspected of .mur-
der."

“You lie!” John screamed at her. “This
is a plot—dastardly. You lie—I tell you.
I do such a thing!”

Frances was unruffled. She faced him
steadily.

“Why not? You slipped into the library
and unexpectedly found Grant here and
made him open the safe—then overturned
the vase. You wanted to make his father
think him a thief— Oh, yes, I saw you.
I know you were supposed to be in the
city.”

“Officers,” John cried, “they have plotted
to ruin me! Arrest him—arrest her too!”

“You are clever, Mr. Douglas, but-”

“You can prove nothing!” John cried.

“You were in his room. You are-”

Grant jumped forward with upraised fist.

Before John could move or the officers raise
a hand, Frances had caught his wrist:

  “Be quiet, Grant. Don’t you see that
he is confessing in every word that he

says!”

  Then the door opened and the doctor
came in slowly. He was a big man with a
deep voice and a slow emphatic manner.
He looked from one to the other and ad-
dressing John said:

  “Judge Douglas is in a very serious con-
dition. He may not die; but I fear for
him as he is using up what little strength
he has to make a statement. He recognized

his assailant and-”

  The doctor did not finish. He sprang
forward, but not soon enough to prevent the
report of a revolver; and John fell dead.
In his hand was a pearl-handled revolver
and with that he had made a full confession.
Author of “Hidden Trails," “Longhornsetc.

CHAPTER I

TIIE HORSE-THIEF

IT WAS a warm Summer morning in the
town of Farewell. Save for a dozen
horses tied to the hitching-rail in front
of various saloons and the Blue Pigeon
Store, and Bill Lainey, the fat landlord of
the hotel, who sat snoring in a reenforced
telegraph chair on the sidewalk in the
shade of his wooden awning, Main Street
was a howling wilderness.

  Dust overlay everything. It had not
rained in weeks. In the blacksmith shop,
diagonally across the street from the hotel,
Piney Jackson was shoeing a mule. The
mule was invisible, but one knew it was a
mule because Piney Jackson had just come
out and taken a two-by-four from the wood-
pile behind the shop. And it was a well-
known fact that Piney never used a two-by-
four on any animal other than a mule.
But this by the way.

 In the barroom of the Happy Heart
Saloon there were only two customers and
the bartender. One of the former, a
brown-haired, sunburnt young man with
ingenuous blue eyes, was singing:

   “Jog on, jog on, the footpath way,

An’ merrily jump the stile O!

Yore cheerful heart goes all the day,

Yore sad tires in a mile O!”

  Mr. Racey Dawson, having successfully
sung the first verse, rested both elbows on

the bar and grinned at the bartender.
That worthy grinned back and knowing
Mr. Dawson, slid the bottle along the bar.

  “Have one yoreself, Bill,” Mr. Dawson
nodded to the bartender. “Whu-where’s
Swing? Oh, yeah.”

  Mr. Dawson, head up, chest out, stepping
high and walking very stiffly as befitted a
gentleman somewhat overserved with li-
quor, crossed the barroom to where bristle-
haired Swing Tunstall sat on a chair and
slumbered, his head on his arms and his
arms on a table.

  Mr. Dawson stooped and blew into Mr.
Tunstall’s right ear. Mr. Tunstall began to
snore gently. Growing irritated by this
continued indifference on the part of Mr.
Tunstall, Mr. Dawson seized the chair by
rung and back and incontinently dumped
Mr. Tunstall all abroad on the saloon floor.

  Mr. Tunstall promptly hitched himself
into a corner and drifted deeper into slum-
ber. Mr. Dawson turned a perplexed face
on the bartender.

  “Now what yuh gonna do with a feller
like that?” Mr. Dawson asked plaintively.

  Mr. Jack Richie, manager of the'Cross-in-
a-box ranch, entering at the moment,
temporarily diverted Mr. Dawson’s atten-
tion. For Mr. Dawson had once ridden for
the Cross-in-a-box outfit. Hence he was
moved literally to fall upon the neck of
Mr. Richie.

  “Lean on yore own breakfast,” urged
Mr. Richie, studiously dissembling his joy

79
8o

Adventure

at sight of his old friend and carefully
steering Mr. Dawson against the bar.
“Here, I know what you need. Drink
hearty, Racey.”

  “ ’S’on me,” declared Mr. Dawson.
“Everythin’s on me. I gug-got money, I
have, an’ I aim to spend it free an’ plenty
’cause there’s more where I’m goin’. An’

I ain’t gonna earn it punchin’ cows, neither.”
“Don’t do nothin’ rash,” Mr. Richie
advised, and took advantage of a friend’s
privilege to be insulting. “I helped lynch a
road-agent only last month.”

  “Which the Kuh-hold-up business is too
easy for a live man,” opined Mr. Dawson.
“We want somethin’ mum-more diff-diff-
difficult, me an’ Swing do, so we’re goin’
to Arizona where the gold grows. No more
wrastlin’ cows. No more hard work for us.
We’re gonna get rich quick, we are. What
you laughin’ at?”

  “I never laugh,” denied Mr. Richie.
“When yo’re stakin’ out claims don’t forget
me.

  “We won’t,” averred Mr. Dawson sol-
emnly. “Le’s have another.”

  They had another—several others.

  The upshot was that when Mr. Richie—
who was the lucky possessor of a head that
liquor did not easily affect—departed home-
ward at four p.m., he left behind him a
sadly plastered Mr. Dawson.

  Mr. Tunstall, of course, was still sleeping
deeply and noisily. But Mr. Dawson had
long since lost interest in Mr. Tunstall.
It is doubtful whether he remembered that
Mr. Tunstall existed. The two had begun
their party immediately after breakfast.
Mr. Tunstall had succumbed early, but
Mr. Dawson had not once halted his efforts
to make the celebration a huge success.
So it is not a subject for surprize that Mr.
Dawson, some thirty minutes after bidding
Mr. Richie an affectionate farewell, should
stagger out into the street and ride away on
the horse of some one else.

  The ensuing hours of the evening and the
night were a merciful blank to Mr. Dawson.
His first conscious thought was when he
awoke at dawn on a side-hill, a sharp rock
prodding him in the small of the back and
the bridle-reins of his dozing horse wound
round one arm. Only it was not his horse.
His horse was a red roan. This horse was a
bay. It wasn’t his saddle, either.

  “Where’s my hoss?” he demanded of the
world at large and sat up suddenly.

  The sharp movement wrung a groan from
the depths of his being. The loss of his
horse was drowned in the pains of his aching
head. Never was such an all-pervading
ache. He knew the top was coming off.
He knew it. He could feel it, and then did
•—with his fingers. He groaned again.

  His tongue was dry as cotton and it hurt
him to swallow. He stood up but as
promptly sat down. In a whisper—for
speech was torture—he began to revile
himself for a fool.

  “I might ’a’ knowed it,” was his plaint.
“I had a feelin’ when I took that last glass it
was one too many. I never did know when
to stop. I’d like to know how I got here an’
where my hoss is, an’ who belongs to this
one.”

  He eyed the mount with disfavor. He
had never cared for bays.

  “An’ that ain’t much of a saddle, neither,”
he went on with his soliloquy. “Cheap
saddle—looks like a boy’s saddle—an’ a old
saddle—bet Noah used one just like it;
try to rope with that saddle an’ yuh’d pull

the horn to -engone. Wonder what’s

in that saddle-pocket.”

  He pulled himself erect slowly and ten-
derly. His knees were very shaky. His
head throbbed like a squeezed boil, but—
he wanted to learn what was in that
saddle-pocket. Possibly he might obtain
therein a clue to the horse’s owner.

  He slipped the strap of the pocket-flap,
flipped it open, inserted his fingers and
drew forth a small package wrapped in
newspaper and tied with the blue string
affected by the Blue Pigeon Store in Fare-
well.

  Mr. Dawson balanced the package on two
fingers for a reflective instant, then he
snapped the string and opened the package.

  “Socks an’ a undershirt,” he said dis-
gustedly and started to say more but
paused for there was something queer about
that undershirt. His head was still spin-
ning and his eyes were sandy but he per-
ceived quite plainly that there were narrow
blue ribbons running round the neck of that
undershirt. He unrolled the socks and
found them much longer in the leg than the
kind habitually worn by men.

  Mr. Dawson agitatedly dived his hand
once more into the saddle-pocket. And
this time he pulled out a tortoise-sjiell
shuttle round which was wrapped several
inches of lingerie edging. But Mr. Dawson
The Heart of the Range

81

  did not call it lingerie edging. He called
  it tatting and swore again.

    “That settles it,” he said cheerlessly.
  “I’ve stole some woman’s cayuse.”

CHAPTER II

THE YELLOW DOGS

 IT WAS a chastened Racey Dawson
 who returned to Farewell. He went
 directly to the blacksmith shop.

    “ ’Lo, Hoss-Thief,” was Piney Jackson’s
  cheerful greeting.

    “Whose is it?” demanded Racey Dawson,
  wiping his hot face. “Whose hoss have I
  stole?”

    “Oh, you’ll catch it,” chuckled the
  humorous Piney. <fYep, you betcha. You’ve
  got a gall, you have. Clamly prancin’
  out of a saloon an’ glommin’ on to a lady’s
  hoss. What kind o’ doin’s is that, I’d like
  to know?”

    “You blasted idjit!” cried the .worried
  Racey. “Whose hoss is this?”

    “I kind o’ guessed maybe somethin’
  disgraceful like this here would happen
  when I seen you an’ yore friend sashay into
  the Happy Heart. An’ the barkeep said
  you had two snifters an’ a glass o’ milk too.
  Honest, Racey, you’d oughta be more
  careful how you mix yore drinks.”

    “Don’t try to be a bigger jack than yuh
  are,” Racey adjured him in a tone that he
  strove to make contemptuous. “You think
  yo’re awful funny—just too awful funny,
  » don’t yuh? I’m askin’ you, you fish-
  faced ape, whose hoss this is I got here?”
  “Don’t you know?” grinned Piney, ele-
  vating both eyebrows. “Lordy, I wouldn’t
  be in yore shoes for somethin’. Nawsir.
  She’ll snatch you bald-headed, she will.
  The old lady was wild when she come out
  an’ found her good hoss missin’. An’ she
  shore said what she thought of you some
  more when she seen she had to ride home
  on that old crow’s dinner of a moth-eaten
  accordeen of yores you left behind.”

    Racey Dawson was too reduced in spirit
  properly to take umbrage at this insult to
  his horse. He could only repeat his request
  that Piney make not of himself a bigger
  fool than usual. And when Piney did
  nothing but laugh immoderately, Racey
  grinned foolishly.

    “If my head didn’t ache so hard,” he
  assured the chortling blacksmith, “I’d

     6

shore talk to you, but—say, lookit here,
Piney, quit yore foolin’, will yuh? Who
owns this hoss anyway?”

  “Here comes Kansas,” said Piney.
“Betcha five even he arrests you fora hoss-
thief.”

  “Gimme odds an’ I’ll go yuh,” Racey
returned promptly.

  “Even,” stuck out Piney.

  “Naw, he might do it. You Farewell
jiggers hang together too hard for me to take
any chances. ’Lo, Kansas.”

  “Howdy, Racey,” nodded Kansas Casey,
the deputy sheriff. “How long you been
rustlin’ hosses?”

  “A —— sight longer’n I like,” Racey re-
plied frankly. “Who does own this hoss?”
“Y’ oughta asked that question yester-
day,” said Kansas severely, but with a
twinkle in his black eyes that belied his
tone. “This here would be mighty serious
business for you if the sheriff was in town.
Jake’s so particular about bein’ legal an’ all.
Yessir, Racey, old-timer, I expect you’d
spend some time in the calaboose, if you
wasn’t lynched previous.”

  “Don’t scare the poor feller,” pleaded
Piney in a tone of deepest compassion.
“He’ll be cryin’ in a minute.”

  “In a minute I’ll be doin’ somethin’
besides cry if you fellers don’t stop yore

funnin’. This is past a joke, an’-”

  “Shore it’s past a joke,” Kansas concur-
red warmly, “an’ I ain’t funnin’, not for a
minute. You go give that hoss back,
Racey, or you’ll be sorry.”

  “Well, for-sake tell me who to give

it back to!” bawled Racey, and immediately
batted his eyes and gingerly patted his head.

  “Head ache?” queried Kansas. “I ex-
pect it might after last night. You go give
that hoss back like a good boy.”

  So saying Kansas Casey turned his back
and retreated rapidly in the direction of the
Starlight Saloon.

  Racey Dawson glared vindictively after
the departing deputy. Then he switched
his angry blue eyes to the blacksmith’s
smiling countenance.

  “You can all,” said Racey Dawson dis-
tinctly, “go plumb to-.”

HE TURNED the purloined pony
on a dime and loped up the street,
followed by the ribald laughter of
Piney Jackson.

  “They think they’re so terrible funny,”
82

Adventure

Racey muttered mournfully, as he dis-
mounted and tied at the hitch-rail in front
of the Happy Heart. “Now if I can only
find Swing-”

  But Swing Tunstall, it appeared on
consulting the bartender, had gone off
hunting him—Racey. The latter did not
appeal to the bartender to divulge the name
of the horse’s owner. He had, he believed,
furnished the local populace sufficient
amusement for one day. He had a small
drink for he felt that he needed a bracer
and with the liquor he imbibed inspiration.

  Miss Blythe, Mike Flynn’s partner in the
Blue Pigeon Store! She would know whose
horse it was, for certainly the horse’s
owner had bought the undershirt and the
stockings at the Blue Pigeon. Furthermore
Miss Blythe looked like a right-minded
individual. She would take no pleasure in
deviling a man. Not she.

  Racey Dawson set down his glass and
hurried to the Blue Pigeon Store. Miss
Blythe, at his entrance, ceased checking
tomato-cans and came forward.

  “Ma’am,” said Racey, “will you come to
the door a minute? No, no, don’t be
scared,” he added as the lady drew back a
step. “I’m kind *of in trouble, an’ I want
you to help me out. I’m—my name’s
Racey Dawson, an’ I used to ride for the
Cross-in-a-box before I got a job up at the
Bend. Jack Richie knows me. I ain’t
crazy—honest.”

  For Miss Blythe continued to look doubt-
ful.

  “I—” she began.

  “Lookit,” he interrupted. “Yesterday I
got a heap drunk an’ I rode off on some-
body’s hoss without meanin’ to. I mean I
thought it was my hoss an’ it wasn’t. An’ I
thought maybe you’d tell me who the hoss
belongs to so’s I can return him an’ get
mine back. She took mine, they tell me.
Not that I blame her a mite,” he added
hastily.

  Pretty Miss Blythe smiled suddenly.

  “I did hear something about a switch in
horses yesterday afternoon,” she admitted.
“But I thought Mr. Flynn said Tom Dowling
was the man’s name. Certainly I remember
you now, Mr. Dawson, although at first
your—your beard-”

  “Yeah, I know,” he put in hurriedly. “I
aia’t shaved since I left the Bend, an’ I
slept mostly on my face last night, but it’s
li’l ol’ me all right behind the whiskers an’

real estate. Yeah, that’s the hoss yonder—
the one next the pinto.”

  “I know the horse,” said Miss Blythe,
drawing back from the doorway. “It
belongs to the Dales over at Moccasin
Spring on Soogaii Creek.”

  “Oh, I know them,” Racey declared con-
fidently; he had been at the Dales’ precisely
once. “The girl married Chuck Morgan. '
Shore, Mis’ Dale’s hoss, huh? I’ll take it
right back soon’s I get shaved. I s’pose I’ll
have a jo-mightyful time explainin’ it to the
old lady.”

  “It isn’t the mother’s horse. It’s the
daughter’s. She was in town yesterday.”
“You mean Chuck’s wife, Mis’ Morgan?”
“I mean Miss Molly Dale, the other
daughter.”

  “I didn’t know they had another daugh-
ter,” puzzled Racey, thinking of what
Piney Jackson had said anent an “old lady.”
“They must ’a’ kept her in the background
when I was there that time. What is she—
a old maid?”

  “Oh, middle-aged, perhaps,” was the
straight-faced reply.

  “Shucks, I might ’a’ knowed it,” grum-
bled Racey. “Middle-aged old maid! I
know what they’re like. I had one once for
a school-teacher. I can feel her lickin’s yet.
She was the contrariest female I ever met.
Shucks, I— Well, if I gotta, I gotta.
Might’s well get it over with now as later.
Thanks, ma’am, for helpin’ me out.”

  Racey Dawson shambled dejectedly forth
to effect the feeding of Miss Molly Dale’s
horse at the hotel corral. For his own
breakfast he went to Sing Luey’s Canton
Restaurant. Because, while Bill Lainey
offered no objections to feeding the horse,
Mrs. Lainey utterly refused to provide
snacks at odd hours for good-for-nothing,
stick-a-bed punchers who were too lazy to
eat at the regular meal-time. So there now.

  “But I ain’t gonna shave,” he told him-
self, as he disposed of fried steak and pota-
toes sloshed down by several cups of coffee.
“If she’s a old maid like they say, it don’t
matter how tough I look.”

HE WAS reflectively stirring the
grounds in the bottom of his sixth
cup when a small and frightened
yellow dog dashed into the restaurant and
fled underneath Racey’s table where he
cowered next to Racey’s boots and cuddled
a lop-eared head against Racey’s knee.

/
The Heart of the Range

83

  Racey had barely time to glance down
and discover that the yellow nondescript
was no more than a pup when a burly
youth charged into the restaurant and de-
manded in no uncertain tones to know
where that adjective dog had hidden him-
self.

  Racey took an instant dislike to the burly
youth; stilj it was his dog. And it is a
custom of the country to let every man, as
the saying is, skin his own deer. He who
takes exception to this custom and horns in
on what can not rightfully be termed his
particular business, will find public opinion
dead against him and his journey unsea-
sonably full of incident.

  Racey moved a leg. “This him, stranger?”

  The burly youth—it was evident that he
was not wholly sober—glared at Racey
Dawson.

  “Shore it’s him!” he declared. “What

■--you hidin’ him for? Get outa the

way!”

  Whereupon the burly youth advanced
upon Racey.

  This was different. Oh, quite. The
burly youth had by his brusk manner and
rude remarks included Racey in his—the
burly youth’s—business.

  Racey met the burly youth rather more
than half-way. He hit him so hard on the
nose that the other flipped backward
through the doorway and landed on his ear
on the sidewalk.

  Racey followed him out. The burly
youth, bleeding copiously from the nose,
sat up and fumbled uncertainly for his gun.

  “No,” said Racey with decision, aiming
his six-shooter at the word. “You leave
that gun alone, an’ lemme tell you, stranger,
while we’re together that I want to buy that
pup of yores. A gent like you ain’t fit
company for a self-respectin’ dog to associ-
ate with. Nawsir.”

  “You got the drop,” grumbled the burly
youth.

  “Which is one on you,” Racey observed
good-humoredly.

  “Maybe I’ll be seein’ you again,” sug-
gested the other.

  “Don’t lemme see you first,” advised
Racey. “Never'mind gettin’up. Just sit
nice an’ quiet like a good boy, ah’ keep the
li’l hands spread out all so pretty with the
thumbs locked over yore head. ’At’s the
boy. How much for yore dog, feller?”

  “What you done to my dog?” A wo-

man’s voice broke on Racey’s ears. But
he did not remove his slightly narrowed
eyes from the face of the burly youth.

  “What you done to my dog?”

  The question was repeated and the
speaker came close to the burly youth and
looked down at him. Now that the woman
was within his range of vision, Racey per-
ceived that she was the Happy Heart
lookout, a good-looking creature with
brown) hair and a lithe figure.

  The girl’s fists were clenched so tightly
that her knuckles showed white against
the pink. Two red spots flared on the
white skin of her cheeks.

  “- yore soul!” swore the lady. “I

want my dog! How many times I gotta
ask yuh, huh? Where is he? Say some-
thin’, you dumb lump of slumgullion!”

  “He ain’t yore dog!” denied the burly
youth. “He never was yores! He’s mine,

you-!”

  Which last was putting it pretty strongly,
even for the time, the place and the girl.
She promptly swung a brisk right toe,
kicked the burly youth under the chin and
flattened him out.

  “That’ll learn you to call me names,” she
snarled. “So long as I act like a lady, I’m
a-gonna be treated like one, an’ I’ll break
the neck of the man who acts different, an’
you can stick a pin in that, you dirty-
mouthed beast!”

  Muttering profanely true to form, the
aforementioned beast essayed to rise. But
here .again Racey and his ready gun held
him to the ground in a sitting position.

  “You leave her alone,” commanded
Racey. “You got what was cornin’ to
yuh. Let it go at that. The lady says it’s
her dog anyway.”

  “It’s my dog I tell yuh! I-”

  “Yo’re a liar!” averred the girl. “You
kicked the dog out when he was sick an’ I
took him in an’ tended him an’ got him well.
If that don’t make him my dog what
does?”

  “Correct,” said Racey. “Call him.”
The girl put two fingers in her mouth and
whistled shrilly. Forth from the Canton
came the dog on the},jump and bounced into
the girl’s arms and began to lick her ear
with dispatch and enthusiasm.

  “You see how it is,” Racey indicated to
the man on the ground. “It’s the lady’s
dog. You can go now.”

  *	The burly youth stared stupidly.
84

Adventure

  “You heard what I said,” Racey told
him impatiently. “G’on. Go some’ers else.
Get outa here.”

  “Say,” remarked the burly youth in
what was intended to be a menacing growl,
“this party ain’t over yet.”

  “Ain’t you been enough of a fool already
today?” "interrupted Racey. “You ain’t
asking for it, are you?”

  “You can’t run no blazer on me,” denied
the other furiously.

  Racey promptly holstered his six-shooter.
“Now’s yore best time,” he said quietly.

WHEN the smoke cleared away
there was a rent in the sleeve of
Racey’s shirt and the burly youth
sat rocking his body to and fro and groaning
through gritted teeth. For there was a red-
hot hole in his right shoulder, which hurt
him cansiderably.

  Racey Dawson gazed dumbly down at the
muzzle of his six-shooter, from which a slim
curl of gray smoke spiraled lazily upward.
Then his eyes veered to the man he had
shot and to the man’s six-shooter lying on
the edge of the sidewalk. It too, like his
own gun, was thinly smoking at the muzzle.
The burly youth put a hand to his shoulder.
The fingers came away red. Racey was
glad he had not killed him. He had not
intended to. But accidents will happen.

  He stepped forward and kicked the burly
youth’s discarded six-shooter into the mid-
dle of the stFeet. He looked about him.
The girl and her dog had vanished.

  Kansas Casey had taken her place ap-
parently. From windows and doorways
along the street peered interested faces.
One knew that they were interested despite
their careful lack of all expression. It is
never well openly to express approval of a
shooting. The shootee undoubtedly has
friends, and little breaches of etiquette are
always remembered.

  Racey Dawson looked at Kansas Casey
and sb»ved his six-shooter down into its
holster.

  “It was a even break,” announced Racey.

  “Shore,” Kansas nodded. “I seen it.
There’ll be no trouble—from us,” he added
significantly.

  The deputy sheriff knelt beside the
wounded man. Racey Dawson went into
the Happy Heart. He felt that he needed
a drink. When he came out five minutes
later the burly youth had been carried

away. Remained a stain of dark red on the
sidewalk where he had been sitting.

  Piggy Wadsworth, the plump owner of
the dance-hall, legs wide-spread and arms
akimbo, was inspecting the red stain
thoughtfully. He was joined by the store-
keeper, Calloway, and two other men.
None of them was aware of Racey Dawson
standing in front of the Happy Heart.

  “Was it there?” inquired Calloway.

  “Yeah,” said Piggy. “Right there. I
seen the whole fraycas. Racey stood here
an’-”

  At this point Racey Dawson went else-
where.

CHAPTER III

A WARNING

YOU’LL have to manage it yoreself.”
Lanpher, the manager of the 88 ranch
was speaking, and there was finality in his
tone.

  “You mean you don’t wanna appear in
the deal a-tall,” sneered his companion.

  Racey Dawson, who had been kneeling
on the ground engaged in bandaging a cut
from a kick on the near fore-leg of the Dale
pony when the two men led their horses
into the corral, craned his neck past the
pony’s chest and glanced at Lanpher’s
companion. For the latter’s words pro-
voked curiosity. What species of deal
was toward? Having ridden for Lanpher
in the days preceding his employment by
the Cross-in-a-box and consequently pro-
vided with many opportunities for studying
the gentleman at arm’s-length, Racey
naturally assumed that the deal was a
shady one.

  Personally, he believed Lanpher capable
of anything. Which of course was unjust
to the manager. His courage was not quite
sufficient to hold him abreast of the masters
in wickedness. But he was mean and cruel
in a slimy way, and if left alone was prone
to make life miserable for some one. In-
variably the some one was incapable of
proper defense. From Farewell to Marys-
ville, throughout the length and breadth
of the great Lazy River country, Lanpher
was known unfavorably and disliked ac-
cordingly.

  To his companion’s sneering remark
Lanpher made no intelligible reply. He
merely grunted as he reached for the gate
The Heart of the Range

85

                                                 *

to pull it shut. His companion half-
turned—his back had from the first been
toward Racey Dawson—and Racey per-
ceived the cold and Roman profile of a
long-jawed head. Then the man turned
full in his direction and behold, the hard
features vanished, and the man displayed
a good-looking countenance of singular
charm. The chin was a thought too wide
and heavy, a trait it shared in common with
the mouth, but otherwise the stranger’s full
face would have found favor in the eyes of
almost any woman, however critical.

  Racey Dawson, at first minded to reveal
his presence in the corral, thought better
of it almost immediately. While not by
habit an eavesdropper he felt no shame in
fortuitously overhearing anything Lanpher
or the stranger might be moved to say.
Lanpher merited no consideration under
any circumstances, and the stranger, in
appearance a similar breed of dog as far
as morals went, certainly deserved no better
treatment. So Racey remained quietly
where he was, and was glad that besides
the pony to which he was ministering there
were several others between him and the
men at the gate.

  “Why don’t yuh wanna appear in this
business?” persisted the stranger, pivoting
on one heel in order to keep face to face with
Lanpher.

  “I gotta live here,” was the Lanpher
reply.

  “Well, ain’t I gotta live here too, an’
I don’t see anythin’ round here to worry
me. S’pose old Chin Whisker does go on
the prod. What can he do?”

  “ ’T’sall right,” mumbled Lanpher, shut-
ting the gate and shoving home the bar.
“You don’t know this country as well as
I do. I got trouble enough runnin’ the
88 without borrowin’ any more.”

  “Now I told yuh I was gonna get his
li’l ranch peaceable if I could. I got it
all planned out. I don’t do anythin’ rough
unless I gotta. But I’m gonna get old Chin
Whisker out o’ there, an’ you can stick a
pin in that.”	»

  “’T’sall right'. ’T’sall right. You wanna
remember ol’ Chin Whisker ain’t the only
hoss yo’re trvin’ to ride. If you think that
other outfit is gonna watch you pick daisies
in their front yard without doin’ anythin’,
you got another guess. But I’ll do what I
said an’ no more.”

  “I s’pose you think that by stickin’ away

off yonder where the grass is long nobody
will suspicion you. If you do, yo’re crazy.
Folks ain’t so cross-brained as all that.
Yo’re in it from soda to hock, an’ don’t
you forget it.”

  “Not so - loud!” Lanpher cautioned

excitedly.

  “Say, whatsa matter with you?” de-
manded the stranger, leaning back against
the gate and spreading his long arms along
the top bar. “Which yo’re the most
nervous gent I ever did see. The hotel
ain’t close enough for anybody to hear a
word, an’ there’s only hosses in the corral.
Get a-hold of yoreself. Don’t be so skit-
tish.”

  “I ain’t skittish. I’m sensible. I know—”
Lanpher broke off abruptly.

  “Whadda you know?”

  “What yo’re due to find out.”

  “Now lookit here, Mr. Lanpher,” said
the stranger in a low cold tone. “You said
them last words a leetle too gayful to suit
me. If yo’re plannin’ any deviltry—
don’t.”

  “I ain’t. Not a bit of it. But I got my
duty to my company. I can’t get mixed
up in no fraycas on yore account because if
I do my ranch will lose money. That’s
the flat of it.”

  “Oh, it is, huh? Yore ranch will lose
money if you back me up, hey? An’ you
ain’t thinkin’ nothin’ of yore precious skin,
are yuh? Oh, no, not q.-tall. I wonder
what yore company would say to the li’l
deal between you an’ me that started this
business. I wonder what they’d think o’
Mr. Lanpher an’ his sense o’ duty. Yeah,
I would wonder a whole lot.”

  “Well—” began Lanpher lamely.

  “-!” snarled the stranger. “You

make me sick! Now you listen to me.
Yo’re in this as deep as I am. If you think
you ain’t, try to pull yore wagon out. Just
try, thassall.”

  “I ain’t doin’ none of the work, that’s
flat,” Lanpher denied doggedly.

  “You gotta back me up alia same,” de-
clared the stranger.

  “That wasn’t in the bargain,” fenced
Lanpher.

  “It is now,” chuckled the stranger. “If
I lose, you lose too. Lookit,” he added in
a more conciliatory tone. “Can’t you see
how it is? I need you, an’ you need me.
All I’m askin’ of you is to back me up when
I want yuh to. Outside o’ that yuh can
86

Adventure

sit on yore shoulder-blades an’ enjoy life.”
“Wc didn’t bargain on that,” barked back
Lanpher.

  “But that was then, an’ this is now.
Which may not be logic, but it is necessity,
an’ Necessity, Mr. Lanpher, is the mother
of all kinds of funny things. So you an’ I,
we got to ride together.”

  Lanpher pushed back his hat and looked
over the hills and far away. The well-
known carking care was written large upon
his countenance. Slowly his eyes slid
round to meet for a brief moment the eyes
of his companion.

  “I can’t answer for my men,” said Lan-
pher shortly.

  “Can you answer for yoreself?” inquired
the stranger quickly.

  “I’ll back you up.” Grudgingly.

  “Then that’s all right. You can keep
the men from throwin’ in with the other
side anyway, can’t yuh?”

  “I can do that much.”

  “Which is quite a lot for a ranch manager
to be able to do,” was the stranger’s blandly
sarcastic observation. “C’mon. We’ve

fassed so much I’m dry as a covered bridge.
—what does Thompson want now? ’Lo,
Punch.”

  “ ’Lo, Jack. Howdy, Lanpher.” Racey
could not see the newcomer, but he recog-
nized the voice. It was that of Punch-the-
breeze Thompson, a gentleman well known
to make his living by the ingenious capitali-
zation of an utter lack of moral virtue.
“Say, Jack,” continued Thompson, “Ne-
braska has been plugged.”

  “Plugged?” Great amazement on the
part of the stranger.

  “Plugged.”

  “Who done it?”

  “Feller by the name of Dawson.”
  “Racev Dawson?” nipped in Lanpher.
  “Yeah, him.”

  Lanpher chuckled slightly.

  “Why the laugh?” asked Jack Harpe.
“I’d always thought Nebraska could
shoot.”

  “Nebraska is supposed to be some swift,”
admitted the stranger. “How’d it happen,
Punch?”

  Thampson told him and on the whole
gave a truthful account.

“What kind o’ feller is this Dawson?”
the stranger inquired after a moment’s
silence following the close of the story.
“A skipjack of a no-account cow-wrast-

ler,” promptly replied Lanpher. “He thinks

he’s-on the Wabash.”'

  “Allasame he must be old pie to put the
kibosh on Nebraska thataway.”

“Luck,” sneered Lanpher. “Just luck.”
“Is he square?” probed the stranger.
“Square as a billiard-ball,” said Lanpher.
“Why, Jack, he’s so crooked he can’t lay
in bed straight.”

  At which Racey Dawson was moved to
rise and declare himself. Then the humor
of it struck him. He grinned and hunkered
down, his ears on the stretch.

  “Well,” said* the stranger, refraining
from comment on Lanpher’s estimate of the
Dawson qualities, “we’ll have to get some-
body in Nebraska’s place.”

  “I’m as good as Nebraska,” Punch-the-
breeze Thompson stated modestly.

  “No,” the stranger said decidedly. “Yo’re
all right, Punch. But even if we can get
old Chin Whisker drunk, the hand has
gotta be quicker than the eye. Y’ under-
stand?”

  Thompson, it appeared, did understand.
He grunted sulkily.

  “We’ll have to give Peaches Austin a
show,” resumed the stranger. “Nev’ mine
givin’ me a argument, Punch. I said I’d
use Austin. C’mon, le’s go get a drink.”

     THE three men moved away,
riilll Racey Dawson cautiously eased
his long body up from behind the
pony. With slightly narrowed eyes he
stared at the gate behind which Jack
Harpe and his two friends had been stand-
ing.

  “Now I wonder,” mused Racey Dawson,
“I shore am wonderin’ what kind of skul-
duggery li’l Mr. Lanpher of the 88 is a-
tryin’ to crawl out of an’ what Mr. Stranger
is a-tryin’ to drag him into. Nebraska
too, huh? I was wonderin’ what that fel-
ler’s name was.”

  He knelt down again and swiftly com-
pleted the bandaging of the cut on the
pony’s near fore-leg. As he rode round
the corner of the hotel to reach Main
Street he saw Luke Tweezy single-footing
into town from the south. The powdery
dust of the trail filled in and overlaid the
lines and creases of Luke Tweezy’s foxy-
nosed and leathery visage. Layers of dust
almost completely concealed the original
color of the caked and matted hide of Luke
Tweezy’s well-conditioned horse. It was
The Heart of the Range

87

evident that Luke Tweezy had come from
afar.

  In common with most range-riders Racey
Dawson possessed an automatic eye to
detail. Quite without conscious effort his
brain registered and filed away in the card-
index of his subconscious mind the picture
presented by the passing of Luke Tweezy,
the impression made thereby, and the in-
ference drawn therefrom.

  The inference was almost trivial—merely
that Luke Tweezy had come from Marys-
ville, the town where he lived and had his
being. But triviality is frequently para-
doxical and always relative. If Dundee
had not raised an arm to urge his troopers
on at Killiekrankie the world would know
a different England. A single thread it was
that solved for Theseus the mystery of the
Cretan labyrinth.

  Racey Dawson did not like Luke Tweezy.
From the sparse and sandy strands of the
Tweezy hair to the long and varied lines of
the Tweezy business there was nothing
about Mr. Tweezy that he did like. For
Luke Tweezy’s business was ready money
and its possibilities. He drove hard bar-
gains with his neighbors and harder ones
with strangers. He bought county scrip
at a liberal discount and lent his profits
to the needy at the highest rate allowed by
law.

  Luk& Tweezy’s knowledge of what was
allowed by territorial law was not limited
to money-lending. He had been admitted
to the bar, and no case was too small, too
large or too filthy for him to handle.

  In his dislike of Luke Tweezy, Racey
Dawson was not solitary. Luke Tweezy
was as generally unpopular as Lanpher of
the 88. But there was a difference. Where
Lanpher’s list of acquaintances, nodding
and otherwise, was necessarily confined to
the Lazy River, country, Luke Tweezy
knew almost every man, woman and child
in the territory. It was his business to
know everybody, and Luke Tweezy was
always attending to his business.

  He had nodded and spoken to Racey
Dawson as they two passed, and Racey
had returned the greeting gravely.

  “Slimy ol’ he-buzzard,” Racey Dawson
observed to himself and reached for his
tobacco.

  But there was no tobacco. The sack
that he knew he had put in his vest pocket
after breakfast had vanished. Lack of

tobacco is a serious matter. Racey wheeled
his mount and spurred to the Blue rigeon
Store.

  Five minutes later, smoking a grateful
cigaret, he again started to ride out of town.
As he curved his horse round a freight-
wagon in front of the Blue Pigeon he saw
three men issue from the doorway of the
Happy Heart Saloon. Two of the men were
Lanpher and the stranger. The third was
Luke Tweezy. The latter stopped at the
saloon hitching-rail to untie his horse.

  “See yuh later, Luke,” the stranger
flung over his shoulder to Luke Tweezy as
he passed on. He and Lanpher headed
diagonally, across the street toward the
hotel. It seemed odd to Racey Dawson
that Luke Tweezy by no word or sign made
acknowledgment of the stranger’s remark.

  Racey tickled his mount with the rowels
of one spur and stirred him into a trot.
Have to be moving along if he wanted to
get there some time that day. He wished
he didn’t have to go alone, so he did. The
old lady would surely lay him out, and he
wished for company to share his misery.

  Why couldn’t Swing Tunstall have stayed
reasonably in Farewell instead of traips-
ing off over the range like a tomfool? Might
not be back for a week, Swing mightn’t.
Idiotic caper—with other adjectives—of
Swing’s anyway. Why hadn’t he used his
head? Oh, Racey Dawson was an exceed-
ingly irritable young man as he rode out of
Farewell. The aches and pains were still
throbbingly alive in his own particular
head. The immediate future was not al-
luring. It was a hard world.

  When he and his mount were breasting
the first slight rise of the northern slope of
Indian Ridge—which ridge marks with its
long broad-backed bulk the southern bound-
ary of the flats south of Farewell and forces
the Marysville trail to'travel five miles to
go two—a rider emerged from a small
boulder-strewn draw wherein tamajacks
grew thinly.

  Racey stared—and forgot his irritation
and his headache. The draw was not more
than a quarter-mile distant, and he per-
ceived without difficulty that the rider was
a woman. She quirted her mount into a
gallop, and then seesawed her right arm
vigorously. Above the pattering drum of
her horse’s hoofs a shout came faintly to
his ears. He pulled up and waited.

  When the woman was close to him he
88

Adventure

saw that it was the good-looking, brown-
haired Happy Heart lookout, the girl
whose dog he had protected. She dragged
her horse to a halt at his side and smiled.
And, oddly enough, it was an amazingly
sweet smile. It had nothing in common
with the hard smile of her profession.

  “I’m sorry I had to leave without thank-
in’ yuh for what yuh done for me back
there,” said she with a jerk of her head to-
ward distant Farewell.

  “Why, that’s all right,” Racey told her
awkwardly.

  “It meant a lot to me,” she went on, her
smile fading. “You wouldn’t let that feller
hurt me or my dog, an’ I think the world
of that dog.”

  “Yeah.” Thus Racey, very much em-
barrassed by her gratitude and quite at a
loss as to the proper thing to say.

  “Yes, an’ I’m shore grateful, stranger.
I—I won’t forget it. That dog he likes
me, he does. An’ I’m teachin’ him tricks.
He’s awful cunnin’. An’ company! Say,
when I’m feelin’ rotten that there dog
knows, an’ he climbs up in my lap an’ licks
my ear an’ tries his best to be a comfort.
I tell yuh that dog likes me, an’ that means
a whole lot—to me. I—I ain’t forgettin’
it.”

  Her face was dark red. She dropped her
head and began to fumble with her reins.
~>“You needn’t ’a’ come ridin’ alia way
out here just for this,” chided Racey, feel-
ing that he must say something to relieve
the situation.

  “It wasn’t only this,” she denied tiredly.
“They was somethin’ else. An’ I couldn’t
talk to yuh in Farewell without him an’
his friends findin’ it out. That’s why I
borrowed one o’ Mike Flynn’s hosses an’
followed yuh thisaway—so’s we could be
private. Le’s ride along. I expect you
was goin’ somewhere.”

THEY rode southward side by side
a space of time in silence. Racey
had nothing to say. He was too
busy speculating as to the true significance
of the girl’s presence. What did she want—
money?

  These saloon floozies always did. He
hoped she wouldn’t want much. For he
ruefully knew himself to be a soft-hearted
fool that was never able to resist a woman’s
appeal. He glanced at her covertly. Her
little chin was trembling. Poor kid! That

was all she was. Just a kid. Fierce life for a
kid. Shucks!

  “Lookit here,” said Racey suddenly,
“you in hard luck, huh? Don’t yuh worry.
Yore luck is bound to turn. It always
does. How much yuh want?”

  So saying he slid a hand into a side'
pocket of his trousers. The girl shook her
head without looking at him.

  “It ain’t money,” she said dully. “I
make enough to keep me goin’.” Then
with a curious flash of temper she con-
tinued:

  “That’s always the way with a man,
ain’t it? If he thinks yo’re in trouble—
give her some money. If yo’re sick—
give her money. If yo’re dyin’—give her
money. Money! Money! Money! I’m
so sick o’ money I— Don’t mind me,
stranger. I don’t mean nothin’. I’m a—a
li’l upset today. I— It’s hard for me to
begin.”

  “Begin!” What was the girl driving at?
“Yes,” said she, “begin. It’s hard. I
ain’t no snitch. I never was, even when I
hadn’t no use for a man—like now. But—
but you stuck up for me an’ my dog, an’
I gotta pay you back. I gotta. Listen,”
she pursued swiftly. “Do you know who
that feller was you shot?”

  “No,” Racey shook his head. “But you
don’t owe me nothin’. Forget it. I dunno
what yo’re drivin’ at, an’ I don’t wanna
know if it bothers yuh to tell me. But if
I can do anythin’—anythin’ a-tall to help
yuh, why then tell me.”

  “I know,” she nodded. “You’d always
help a feller. Yo’re that kind. But I’m
all right. That jigger you plugged is Tom
Jones.”

  The girl looked at Racey Dawson as
though the name of Tom Jones should be
informative of much. But, Fielding’s ex-
cluded, there are many Tom Joneses.
Racey did not react.

  “Dunno him,” said Racey Dawson. “I
heard his name was Nebraska.”

  “Nebraska the boys called him,” she
amplified. “He used to be foreman of the
Currycomb outfit south of Fort Seymour.”
“I’ve heard o’ Nebraska Jones an’ the
Currycomb bunch all right,” he admitted
soberly. “An’ I’d shore like to know
what was the matter with Nebraska today.”
“So would I. You was lucky.”

  Racey nodded absently. The Curry-
comb outfit! That charming aggregation
The Heart of the Range

89

of gunfighters had borne the hardest repu-
tation extant in a neighboring territory.
Regarding the Currycomb men had been
accustomed to speak behind their hands
and under their breaths. For the Curry-
comb politically had been a power. Which
perhaps was the reason why, although the
rustling of many and many a cow and the
killing of more than one man were laid at
their unfriendly door, nothing had ever
been proved against them.

  They had prospered exceedingly, these
Currycomb boys, till the election of an
opposition sheriff. Which election had put
heart into the more decent set and a crimp
in the Currycomb. It did not matter that
legally the Currycomb possessed a clean
bill of health. The community had decided
that the Currycomb must be abolished. It
was—cow, cayuse and cowboy.

  While some had remained on the prem-
ises at an approximate depth beneath the
grass of two feet—for the ground was hard—
the other Currycombers had scattered wide
and far and their accustomed places knew
them no more.

  Now it seemed that at least one of the
Currycomb boys, and that one the most
notorious character of the lot, had scattered
as far as Farewell and obtruded his per-
sonality upon that of Racey Dawson. Ne-
braska Jones! A cold smile stretched the
corners of Racey’s mouth, as he thought
on what he had done. He had beaten to
the draw the foreman of the Currycomb.
Which undoubtedly must have been the
first time Nebraska had ever been shaded.

  The girl was watching his face. “Don’t
begin to get the notion you beat him to it,”
she advised, divining his thought. “lie
was stunned sort of that first time, an’ the
second time his gun caught a little. Ne-
braska is slow lightnin’ on the pull. Keep
thinkin’ you was lucky like you doneat first.”

  Racey laughed shamefacedly. “Yo’re
too much of a mind-reader for me. But
what you tellin’ all this to me for? I ain’t
the sheriff with a warrant for Nebraska
Jones.”

  “I’m tellin’ yuh so yuh’ll know what to
expect. So yuh’ll get out of town an’ stay
out. ’Cause, shore as yo’re a foot high,
you won’t live a minute longer than is
plumb necessary if you don’t.”

  “I beat Nebraska once an’ he won’t
get well o’ that lead in the shoulder so
jo-awful soon.”

  “Can you beat a shot in the dark? Can
you locate a knife in the night? It ain’t
a question of Nebraska Jones himself. It’s
the gang he’s managed to pick up in this
town. They are meaner than a nest of
cross rattlesnakes. I know ’em. I know
what they’ll do. Right this minute they’re
fixin’ up some way to give yuh yore come-
uppance.”

  “Think so?”

  “Think so? Say, would I come traipsin’
out here just for my health or yores? Figure
it out.”

  “Seems like you know a lot about
Nebraska an’ his gang,” he said at a ven-
ture, glancing at her sharply.

  “I lived with Nebraska—for a while,” she
said matter-of-factly, giving him a calm
stare. “Li’l Marie knows all they is to
know about Nebraska Jones—an’ a little
bit more. Which goes double for his
gang.”

  “Shucks,” Racey grunted contemptu-
ously. “Does he an’ his gang run Farewell?
I’d always thought Farewell was a man’s
size town.”

  “They’re careful,” explained the girl.
“They got sense enough not to run any
blazers they can’t back to the limit. Yeah,
they’re careful—now.”

  “Now, huh? Later, when they’ve filled
their hands an’ there’s more of ’em playin’,
they might not be so careful, huh Marie?”
“Unless yo’re a heap careful right now
you won’t have a thing to do with ‘later,’ ”
she parried. “You do like I say, Mister
Man. I ain’t a bit anxious to see you wiped
out.”

  “Wipin’ me out would shore cramp my

style,” he admitted. “I-”

  At this juncture hoof-beats sounded
sharply on the trail behind them. Racey
turned in a flash, his right hand dropping.
But it was only Lanpher and the stranger
riding out of a belt of pines whose deep and
lusty soughing had drowned the noise of
their approach.

BBH LANPHER and his comrade rode
by at a trot. The former mumbled
a greeting to Racey, but barely
glanced at the girl. Women did not inter-
est Lanpher. He was too selfishly stingy.
The stranger was more appreciative. He
gave the girl a stare of frank admiration
before he looked at Racey Dawson. The
latter perceived that the stranger’s eyes
90

Adventure

were remarkably black and keen, perceived
too that the man as he rode past
half-turned in the saddle for a second look
at the girl.

  “Who’s yore friend?” asked Marie, an
insolent lift to her upper lip and a slightly
puzzled look in her brown eyes as her gaze
followed the stranger and Lanpher.

  “Friend?” said Racey. “Speakin’ per-
sonal now, I ain’t lost either of ’em.”

  “I know who Lanpher is,” she told him
impatiently. “I meant the other.”

  “I’ll never tell yuh. I dunno him.”

  “I think I’ve seen him somewhere—
some time. I can’t remember where or
how—I see so many men— There! I al-
most had it. Gone again now. Don’t it
make yuh sick when things get away from
you like that? Makes yuh think yo’re
a-losin’ yOre mind almost:”

  “He looked at you almighty strong,”
proffered Racey. “Maybe he’ll remember.
Why don’t yuh ask him?”

  “Maybe I will at that,” said she.

  “Didja know he was a friend of Nebras-
ka’s?” he asked, watching her face keenly.
She shook her head.

  “Nebraska knows a lot of folks,” she
said indifferently.

  “He knows Punch-the-breeze Thompson
too.”

  “Likely he would, knowin’ Nebraska. He
belongs to Nebraska’s bunch.”

  “What does Nebraska do for a livin’?”
“Everbody an’ anythin’. Mostly he
deals a game in the Starlight.”

  “What does Peaches Austin work at?”
he pursued, thinking that it might be well
to learn what he could of the enemy’s
habits.

  “He deals another game in the Happy
Heart.”

  “ ‘The hand is quicker than the eye,’ ”
he quoted cynically, recalling what the
stranger had said to Punch-the-breeze
Thompson.

  “Oh, Peaches is slick enough,” said she,
comprehending instantly. “But Nebraska
is slicker. Don’t never sit into no game
with Nebraska Jones. Lookit here,” she
added, her expression turning suddenly
anxious, “did I take my ride for nothin’?”
“Huh? Oh, that! Shore not. I’m obliged
to yuh, you bet yuh, an’ I hope I can do as
much for you some day. But I wasn’t
figurin’ on stayin’ here any length of time.
Swing—he’s my friend—an me’ are goin’

down to try Arizona a spell. We’ll be
pullin’ out tomorrow, I expect.”

  “Then all you got to look out for is to-
night. But I’m tellin’ yuh yuh better drag
it tomorrow, shore.”

  Racey smiled slowly. “If it wasn’t I
got business down south I’d admire to stay.
I ain’t leavin’ a place just ’cause I ain’t
popular, not nohow. I’m over twenty-one.
I got my growth.”

  “It don’t matter why yuh go. Yo’re
a-goin’. That’s enough. It’s a good thing
for you you got business, an’ you can stick
a pin in that.”

  “I’ll have to do somethin’ about them
friends of his alia same, before I go,”
Racey said thoughtfully.

  “Huh?” Perplexedly.

  “Yeah. If they’re a-hornin’ to bush-
whack me for what I done to Nebraska, it
ain’t fair for me to go siftin’ off thisaway an’
not give ’em some kind of a run for their
alley. Look at it close. You can see it
ain’t.”

  “I don’t see nothin’.”

  “Shore yuh do. It would give ’em too
much of a chance to talk. They might even
get to sayin’ they run me out o’ town. An’
the more I think of it the more I’m shore
they’ll be sayin’ just that.”

  “But you said you was goin’ away. You
said you had business in Arizona.”

“Shore I have, an’ shore I’m goin’. But
first I gotta give Nebraska’s friends a chance
to draw cards. A chance, y’ understand.”
“You’ll be killed,” she told him, white-
lipped.

  “Why no,” said he. “Not never a-tall.
Drawin’ cards is one thing an’ playin’ the
hand out is a cat with another kind of tail.
I got hopes they won’t get too rough with

me.”

  “Well, of all the stubborn fools I ever
see—” began the girl angrily.

  At which Racey Dawson laughed aloud.
“That’s all right,” she snapped. “You
can laugh. Might ’a’ knowed you would.
A man is such a plumb idjit. A feller does
all she can to show him the right trail out,
an’ does he take it? He does not. He
laughs. That’s what he does. He laughs.
He thinks it’s funny. You gimme a pain,
you do.”

  On the instant she jerked her pony
round, whirled her quirt cross-handed, and
tore down the back-trail at full gallop.

  “Aw -” said Racey, looking after
The Heart of the Range

91

the fleeing damsel regretfully. “I clean
forgot to ask her about the rest of Nebras-
ka’s friends.”

CHAPTER IV

THE OLD LADY

“ILTOPE Old Man Dale is home,” said
L L Racey to himself when he saw ahead
of him the grove of cottonwoods marking
the location of Moccasin Spring. “But
he won’t be,” he added lugubriously. “I
never did have no luck.”

   He passed the grove of trees and opened
up the prospect of house and stable and
corral with cottonwood and willow-bordered
Soogan Creek in the background.

   “Changed some since I was here last,”
he muttered in wonder. For nesters as a
rule do not go in for flowers and shrubs.
And here, besides a small truck-garden,
were both—all giving evidence of much care
and attention.

   Racey dismounted at the corral and ap-
proached the kitchen door. A fresh young
voice in the kitchen was singing a song to
the brave accompaniment of a twanging
banjo:

    “When I was a-goin’ down the road
    With a tired team an’ a heavy load,

    I cracked my whip an’ the leader sprung,

   An’ he almost busted the wagon-tongue.
   Turkey in the straw, ha, ha, ha,

  Turkey in-”

   The singing stopped in the middle of a
line. The banjo went silent in the middle
of a bar. Racey looked in at the kitchen
door and saw, sitting on a corner of the
kitchen table, a very pretty girl. One
knee was crossed over the other; in her lap
was the mute banjo, and she was looking
straight at him.

   Racey, heartily and internally cursing
himself for having neglected to shave,
pulled off his hat and achieved a head-
bob.

   “Good morning,” said the pretty girl,
putting up a slim tanned hand and tucking
in behind a well-set ear a strayed lock of
black hair.

   “Mornin’,” said Racey, and decided
then and there that he had never before
seen eyes of such a deep, deep blue, or a
mouth so alluringly red.

   “What,” said the pretty girl, laying the
banjo on the table and sliding down till

her feet touched the floor, “what can I do

for you?”

  “Nun-nothin’,” stuttered the rattled
Racey, clasping his hat to his bosom, so
that he could button unseen the top button
of his shirt, “except cuc-can yuh find Miss
Dale for me? Is she home?”

  “Mother’s out. So’s father. I’m the
only one home.”

  “It’s yore sister I want, Miss Dale—
yore oldest sister.”

  “You must mean Mrs. Morgan. She
lives-”

  “No, I don’t mean her. Yore oldest
sister—Miss. Her whose hoss was took by
mistake in Farewell yesterday.”

  “That was my horse.”

  “Yores! But they said it was a old lady’s

hoss! Are you shore it-”

  “Of course I’m sure. Did you bring
him back? Where? The corral?”

  The girl walked swiftly to the window,
took one glance at the bay horse tied to the
corral gate, and returned to the table.

  “Certainly that’s my horse,” she reiter-
ated with the slightest of smiles.

  Racey Dawson stared at her in horror.
Her horse! He had actually run off with
the horse of this beautiful being. He had
thereby caused inconvenience to this angel.
If he could only crawl off somewhere and
pass away quietly. At the moment, by
his own valuation, any one buying him
for a nickel would have been liberally over-
charged. Her horse!

  “I—I took yore hoss,” he spoke up
desperately. “I’m Racey Dawson.”

  “So you’re the man—” she began and
stopped.

  He nodded miserably, his contrite eyes
on the toes of her shoes. Small shoes they
were. Cheerfully would he have lain down
right there on the floor and let her wipe
those self-same shoes upon him. It would
have been a positive pleasure. He felt so
worm-like he almost wriggled. Slowly, oh,
very slowly, he lifted his eyes to her face.

  “I—I was drunk,” he confessed, hoping
that an honest confession would restrain
her from casting him into outer darkness.

  “I heard you were,” she admitted.

  “I thought it was yore oldest sister’s
pony,” he fumbled on, feeling it incunfibent
upon him to say something. “They told
me somethin’ about a old lady.”

  “Jane Morgan’s the only older sister I
have. Who told you this wild tale?”
92

Adventure

  “Them,” was his vague reply. He was
not the man to give away the jokers of
Farewell. Old lady indeed! Miss Blythe
to the contrary notwithstanding, this girl
was not within sight of middle-age.

  “Yeah,” he went on, “they shore fooled
me. Told me I’d took a old maid’s hoss,

  “Oh, as far as that goes,” said the girl,
h?r long eyelashes demurely drooping, “they
told you the truth. I’m an old maid.”
“You? Shucks!” Hugely contemptuous.
“Oh, but I am,” she insisted, raising her
eyes and tilting sidewise her charming head.
“I’m not married.”

  “Thank—” he began impulsively, but
choked on the second word and gulped hard.
“I mean,” he resumed hastily, “I don’t
understand why I never seen you before.
I was here once, but you wasn’t around.”
“When were you here? Why, that was
two years ago. I was only a kid then—all
legs like a calf. No wonder you didn’t
notice me.”

  She laughed at him frankly with a be-
wildering flash of white teeth.

  “I shore must ’a’ been blind,” he said
truthfully. “They ain’t no two ways about
that.”

  Under his admiring gaze a slow blush
overspread her smooth cheeks. She laughed
again—uncertainly, and burst into swift
speech:

  “My manners! What have I been think-
ing of? Mr. Dawson, please sit down, do.
I know you must be tired after your long
ride. Take that chair under the mirror.
It’s the strongest. You can tip it back
against the wall if you like. I’ll get you
a cup of coffee. I know you’re thirsty.
I’m sorry mother and father aren’t home,
but mother drove over to the Bar S on
business and I don’t know where father
went.”

  “I ain’t fit to stay,” hesitated Racey,
rasping the back of his hand across his stub-
bly chin.

  “Nonsense. You sit right down while I
grind the coffee. I’ll have you a potful
in no time. I make pretty good coffee if
I do say it myself.”

  “I’ll bet you do.”

  “But my sister Jane makes better.
You’ll get some of hers at dinner.”
“Dinner?” He stared blankly.

  “Of course, dinner. When mother and
father are away I always go down there

for my meals. It’s only a quarter-mile
down-stream. Shorter if you climb that
ridge. But it’s so stony I generally go
along the creek-bank where I can gallop—
What? Why, of course you’re going with
me. Jane would never forgive me if I
didn’t bring you.

  “And what would Chuck say if you came
this far and then didn’t go on down to his
house? Don’t you suppose he enjoys see-
ing his old friends? It was only last week
I heard him wonder to father if you were
ever coming back to this country. How
did you like it up at the Bend?”

  “Right fine,” he told her, settling him-
self comfortably in the chair she had in-
dicated. “But a feller gets tired of one
place after a while. I thought maybe I’d
come back to the Lazy River an’ get a job
ridin’ the range again.”

  “Aren’t there any ranches round the
Bend?” she asked, poking up the fire and
setting on the coffee-pot.

  “Plenty, but I—I like 'the Lazy River
country,” he told her. “Fort Creek County
for yores truly, now an’ hereafter.”

  In this fashion did the proposed journey
to Arizona go glimmering. His eye lingered
on the banjo where it lay on the table.

  “Can you play it?” she asked, her eye
following his.

  “Some,” said he. “Wanna hear a camp-
meetin’ song?”

  She nodded. He rose and picked up the
banjo. He placed a foot on the chair
seat, slid the banjo to rest on his thigh,
swept the strings and broke into “Inchin’
Along.” Which ditty made her laugh,
for it is a funny song and he sang it well.

  “That was fine,” she told him when he
had sung it through. “Your voice sounds
a lot like that of a man I heard singing in
Farewell yesterday. He was in the Happy
Heart when I was going by, and he sang
“Jog on, jog on the footpath way.” If it
hadn’t been a saloon I’d have gone in. I
just love the old songs.”

  “You do?” said he delightedly, with
shining sves. “Well, Miss Dale, that feller
in [he saloon was me an’ old songs is where

I	live. I cut my teeth on ‘The Barley
Mow’ an’ grew up with ‘Barbara Allen.’
My mother, she used to sing ’em all. She
was a great hand to sing an’ she taught me.
Know ‘The Keel Row’?”

  She didn’t, so he sang it for her. And
others he sang too: “The Merry Cuckoo”
The Heart of the Range

93

and “The Bailiff’s Daughter.” The last
she liked so well that he sang it three times
over and they quite forgot the coffee.

      RACEY DAWSON was starting
| ‘ j the second verse of “Sourwood
‘1 Mountain” when some one without
coughed apologetically. Racey stopped sing-
ing and looked toward the doorway. Stand-
ing on the sunken half-round log that served
as a door-step was the stranger he had seen
with Lanpher.

  There was more than a hint of amuse-
ment in the black eyes with which the
stranger was regarding Racey. The latter
felt that the stranger was enjoying a hearty
internal laugh at his expense. As probably
he was. Racey looked at him from be-
neath level brows.

  The lid of the stranger’s right eye dropped
ever so little. It was the merest of winks,
yet it was unmistakable. It recalled their
morning’s meeting. More, it was the toler-
ant wink of a superior to an inferior. A
wink that merited a kick? Quite so.

  The keen black eyes veered from Racey
to the girl. The man removed his hat and
bowed with, it must be said, not a little
grace. Miss Dale nodded coldly. The
stranger smiled. It was marvelous how
the magic of that smile augmented the at-
tractive good looks of the stranger’s full
face. It was equally singular how that self-
same smile rendered more hawk-like than
ever the hard and Roman profile of the
fellow. It was precisely as if he were two
different men at one and the same time.

  “Does Mr. Dale live here?” inquired the
stranger.

  “He does.” A breath from the Boreal
Pole was in the two words uttered by Miss
Dale.

  The stranger’s smile widened. The keen
black eyes began to twinkle. He made as
if to enter but went no farther than the
placing of one foot on the door-sill.

  “Is he home?”

  “He isn’t.” Clear and colder.

  “I’m shore serry,” grieved the stranger,
the smile waning a trifle. “I wanted to
see him.”

  “I supposed as much,” sniffed Miss Dale
uncordiafly.

  “Yes, miss,” said the stranger, undis-
turbed. “When will he be back, if I might
ask?”

  “Tonight—tomorrow. I’m not sure.”

  “So I see,” nodded the stranger. “Would
it be worth while my waitin’?”

  “That depends on what you call worth
while.”

  “Yo’re right. It does. Standards ain’t
always alike, are they?”

  He laughed silently, and pulled on his
hat.

  “An’ it’s a good thing standards ain’t
all alike,” he resumed chattily. “Wouldn’t
it be a funny old world if they were?”

  The smile of him recognized Racey
briefly, but it rested upon and caressed the
girl. She shook her shoulders as if she were
ridding herself of the touch of hands.

  The stranger continued to smile and to
look as if he expected a reply. But he did
not get it. Miss Dale stared calmly at him,
through him.

  Slowly the stranger slid his foot from
the door-sill to the door-step. Slowly, very
slowly, his keenly twinkling black gaze
traveled over the girl from her face to her
feet and up again finally to fasten upon and
hold as with a tangible grip her angry blue
eyes.

  “I’m sorry yore pa ain’t here,” said he in
a drawl. “I had some business. It can
wait. I’ll be back. So long.”

  The stranger turned and left them.
From the kitchen window they watched
him mount his horse and ford the creek and
ride away westward.

“I don’t like that man,” declared Miss
Dale, and caught her lower lip between her
white teeth. “I wonder what he wanted?”
“You’ll find out when he comes back.”
Dryly.

  “I hope he never comes back. I never
want to see him again. Do you know him?”
“Not me. First time I ever saw him was
this mornin’ in Farewell. He was with
Lanpher. When I was cornin’ out here him
an’ Lanpher caught up with me an’ passed
me.”

  “He didn’t bring Lanpher here with him
anyhow.”

  “He didn’t for a fact,” assented Racey
Dawson, his eyes following the dwindling
figures of the rider and his horse. “I
wonder why?”

  “I wonder too.” Thus Miss Dale with
a gurgling chuckle.

Both laughed. For Racey’s sole visit to
the Dale place had been made in company
with Lanpher. The cause of said visit had
been the rustling and butchering of an 88
94-

Adventure

cow, which Lanpher had ill-advisedly
essayed to fasten upon Mr. Dale. But,
due to the interference of Chuck Morgan, a
Bar S rider, who later married Jane Dale,
Lanpher’s attempt had ben unavailing. It
may be said in passing that Lanpher had
suffered both physically and mentally be-
cause of that visit. Of course he had
neither forgiven Chuck Morgan nor the
Bar S for backing up its puncher, which it
had done to the limit.

  “I quit the 88 that day,” Racey Dawson
told the girl.

  “I know you did. Chuck told me. Look
at the time, will you? Get your Jiat. We
mustn’t keep Jane waiting.”

  “No,” he said thoughtfully, his brows
puckered, “we mustn’t keep Jane waitin’.
Lookit, Miss Dale. As I remember yore pa
he had a mustache. Has he still got it?”

  Miss Dale puzzled, paused in the door-
way.

  “Why, no,” she told him. “He wears a
horrid chin whisker now.”

  “He does, huh? A chin whisker. Let’s
be movin’ right along. I think I got some-
thin’ interestin’ to tell you an’ yore sister
an’ Chuck.”

BUT they didnot move along. They
halted in the doorway. Or, rather,
the girl halted in the doorway and
Racey looked over her shoulder. What
stopped them short in their tracks was a
spectacle—the spectacle of an elderly chin-
whiskered man, very drunk and disorderly,
riding in on a paint pony.

  “Father!” breathed Miss Dale in a horror-
stricken whisper.

  And as she spoke father uttered a string
of cheerful whoops and topped off with a
long pull at a bottle he had been brandishing
in his right hand.

  “Please go,” said Miss Dale to Racey
Dawson.

  He hesitated. He was in a quandary.
He did not relish leaving her with— At
that instant Mr. Dale decided Racey’s
course for him. Mr. Dale pulled a gun and,
still whooping cheerily, shook five shots into
the atmosphere. Then Mr. Dale fuipblingly
threw out his cylinder and began to reload.

  “I better get his gun away from him,”
Racey said apologetically over his shoulder
as he ran forward.

  But the old man would have none of him.
He cunningly discerned an enemy in Racey

  and tried to shoot him. It was luck}' for
Racey that the old fellow was as drunk as a
fiddle, or certainly Racey would have been
buried the next day. As it was, the first
bullet went wide by a yard. The second
went straight up into the blue, for by then
Racey had the old man’s wrist.

  “There, there,” soothed Racey, “you
don’t want that gun. Nawsir. Not you.
Le’s have it, that’s a good feller.”

  So speaking, he twisted the six-shooter
from the old man’s grasp and jammed it
into the waistband of his own trousers.

  The old man burst into frank tears. In-
continently he slid sidewise from the saddle
and clasped Racey round the neck.

“I’m wild an’ woolly an’ full o’ fleas,

I’m hard to curry below the knees.”

  Thus he caroled loudly two lines of the
justly popular song.

  “Luke,” he bawled, switching from verse
to prose, “why didja leave me, Luke?”
Strangely enough he did not stutter.
Without the slightest difficulty he leaped
that pitfall of the drunken, the letter L.

  “Luke,” repeated Racey Dawson, struck
by a sudden thought. “What’s this about
Luke? You mean Luke Tweezy?”

  The ojfl man rubbed his shaving-brush
a-down Racey’s neck-muscles. “I mean
Luke Tweezy,” he said. “Lots o’ folks
don’t like Luke. They say he’s mean. But
they ain’t nothin’ mean about Luke. He’s
frien’ o’ mine, Luke is.”

  “Mr. Dawson,” said Molly Dale at
Racey’s elbow, “please go. I can get him
into the house. You can do no good here.”
“I can do lots o’ good here,” declared
Racey, who felt sure that he was on the
verge of a discovery. “Somebody is a-
tryin’ to jump yore ranch, an’ if you’ll
lemme talk to him I can find out who
it is.”

  “Who—-how—” said Miss Dale stupidly,
for, what with the fright and embarrass-
ment engendered by her father’s condition
the true significance of Racey’s remark was
not immediately apparent.'

  “Yore ranch,” repeated Racey sharply.
“They’re a-tryin’ to steal it from you. You
lemme talk to him, ma’am. Look out!
Grab his bridle!”

  Miss Dale seized the bridle of her father’s
horse in time to prevent a runaway. She
was not aware that the horse’s attempt to
run away had been inspired by Racey
The Heart of the Range

95

surreptitiously and severely kicking it on the
fetlock. This he had done that Miss Dale’s
thoughts might be temporarily diverted
from her father. Anything to keep. her
from shooing him away as she so plainly
wished to do.

  Racey began to assist the now crumpling
Mr. Dale toward the house.

  “What’s this about Luke Tweezy?” prod-
ded Racey. “Did yuh see him today?”

  “Shore I seen him today,” burbled the
drunken one. “He left me at McFluke’s
after buyin’ me the bottle an’ asked me to
stay there till he got back. But I got tired
waitin’. So I come along. I—hie—come
along.”

  Limply the man’s whole weight sagged
down against Racey’s supporting arm, and
he began to snore.

  “Shucks,” muttered Racey.

  Then stooping, he picked up the limp
body in his arms and carried it to the
house.

  “He’s asleep,” he called to Miss Dale.
“Where’ll I put him?”

  “I’ll show you,” she said with a break
in her voice.

  She hastily tied the now quiet pony to
a young cottonwood growing at the corner
of the house and preceded Racey into the
kitchen.

  “Here,” she said, her eyes meeting his
a fleeting instant as she threw open a door
giving into an inner room. “On the bed.”

  She turned back the counterpane and
Racey laid her snoring parent on the blanket.
Expertly he pulled off the man’s boots and
stood them side by side against the wall.

  “Hadda take ’em off now, or his feet
would swell so after you’d never get ’em
off,” he said in justification of his conduct.

  She held the door open for him to leave
the room. She did not look at him, nor
did she speak.

   “I’m goin’ now,” he said, standing in the
middle of the kitchen. “But I wish you
wouldn’t shut that door just yet.”

  “I—oh, can’t you see you’re not wanted
here?” Her voice was shaking. The door
was open but a crack. He could not see her.

  “I know,” he said gently. “But you
don’t understand how serious this business
is. I had good reason for believin’ that
somebody is tryin’ to steal yore ranch.
From several things yore dad said I’m
shorer than ever. If I could only talk to
yuh a li’l’ while.”

  At this she came forth. Her eyes were
downcast. Her cheeks were red with
shamed blood. She leaned against the
table. One closed fist rested on the top
of the table. The knuckles showed white.
She was trembling a little.

  “Where an’ what is McFluke’s?” he
asked.

  “Oh, that’s where he got it!” she ex-
claimed bitterly.

  “I guess. If you wouldn’t mind tellin’
me where McFluke’s is, ma’am.”

  “It’s a little saloon an’ store on the
Marysville road at the Lazy River ford.”
“It’s new since my time then.”

   “It’s been in operation maybe a year and
a half. What makes you think some one
is trying to steal our ranch?”

  “Lots o’ things,” he told her briskly.
“But they ain’t gonna do it if I can help
it. Don’t you fret. It will all come out
right. Shore it will. Can’t help it.”

  “But tell me how—what you know,” she
demanded.

   “I haven’t time now, unless yo’re cornin’
with me to see Chuck.”

  “I can’t—now.”

“Then you ask Chuck later. I’ll tell
him all about it. You ask him. So long.’’
Racey hurried out to where he had left
his horse. He swung into the saddle and
spurred away down-stream.

CHAPTER V

mcfluke’s

“HPHEY been after him to sell a long
time,” said Chuck Morgan, rolling
him a cigaret as he and Racey Dawson
jogged along toward McFluke’s at the ford
of the Lazy.

  “Who?” asked Racey.

  “I dunno. Can’t find out. Luke Tweezy
is the agent an’ he won’t give the party’s
name.”

   “Has Old Salt tried to buy him out?”
“Not as I know of. Why should he?
He knows he won’t sell to anybody.”

  “Have they been after you too?”

  “Not yet. Dad Dale’s the lad they want
special. My ranch would be a good thing
but it ain’t noways necessary like Dale’s
is to anybody startin’ a big brand. Lookit
the way Dale’s lays right across the valley
between them two ridges like a cork in a
bottle. A mile wide here, twenty mile away
g6

Adventure

between Funeral Slue an’ Cabin Hill she’s
a good thirty mile wide—one crackin’ big
triangle of the best grass in the territory.
All free range, but without Dale’s section
an’ his water-rights to begin with, what
good is it?”

  “Not much,” conceded Racey.

  “An’ nobody would dast to start a brand
between Funeral Slue an’ Cabin Hill,”
pursued Chuck. “Free range or not, it as
good as belongs to the Bar S.”

  “Old Salt used to run quite a bunch
round Cabin Hill an’ another north near
the Slue.”

  “He does yet—one or two thousand head
in all maybe. Oh, these fellers ain’t foolish
enough to crowd Old Salt that close. They
know Dale’s is their best chance.”

  Racey’s eyes traveled from one ridge to
the other.

  “How come they allowed Dale to take
up a six-forty?” he inquired.

  “They didn’t,” was the answer. “The
section is made up of four claims: his’n,
Jane’s, Molly’s an’ Mis’ Dale’s. But they’re
proved up now, an’ made over to him all
regular. That’s how come.”

  “Ain’t Silvertip Ransom an’ Long Oscar
got a claim some’ers over yonder on Dale’s
land?” inquired Racey, looking toward the
northerly ridge.

  “They had, but they got discouraged an’
sold out to Dale the same time Slippery
Wilson an’ his wife traded in their claims
on the other side of the ridge to Old Salt
an’ Tom Loudon. None of ’em’s worth
nothin’ though.”

  Racey nodded. “Dale ever drink much?”
was his next question.

  “He used to before he come here. But
he took the cure an’ quit. Today’s the
first bust-up he’s had since he hit this
country.”

  “That’s it then. Luke gave him the
red-eye so’s he’d be easy meat for the
butcher. Does he ever gamble any?”
“Shore—before he came West. Jane done
told me how back East in McPherson,
Kansas, he used to go the limit forty ways—

liquor, cards; the whole layout o’ -

raisin’. But his habits rode him to a frazzle
final an’ he knuckled under to tooberclosis,
an’ they only saved his life by fetchin’ him
West. All of us thought he was cured for
good.”

  “Now Luke Tweezy has started him off
so’s Nebraska—Peaches Austin, I mean,

can get in his fine work. It’s plain enough.”
“Shore,” assented Chuck Morgan. “Yon-
der’s McFluke’s,” he added, nodding to-
ward two gray-brown log and shake shacks
anda stockaded corral roosting on the high
ground beyond the belt of cottonwoods and
willows marking the course of the Lazy.
“Them’s his stables and corral,” went on
Chuck. “The house, she’s down near the
river. Can’t see her on account of the
cottonwoods.”

  “An’ they can’t see us on account of the

cottonwoods. So-”

   “Unless he’s at the corral.”

  “I’ll"take the chance, Chuck. You stay
here; down that draw’s a good place. I’ll
go on alone. McFluke don’t know me.
Maybe I can find out somethin’, see. Bime-
by you come along—half-hour maybe. You
don’t know me either. I’ll get into con-
versation with yuh. You follow my lead.
We’ll pull McFluke in if we can. Between
the two of us—well, anyhow we’ll see what
he says.”

  Chuck Morgan nodded, and turned his
horse aside toward the draw.

  Ten minutes later the water of the Lazy
River was sluicing the dust from the legs
and belly of Racey Dawson’s horse. Racey
spurred up the bank and rode toward the
long low building that was McFluke’s store
and saloon.

THERE were no ponies standing at
the hitching-rail in front of the place.
For this Racey was devoutly thank-
ful. If he could only catch McFluke by
himself.

  As Racey dismounted at the rail a man
came to the open doorway of the house and
looked at him. He was a heavy-set man,
developed like a bloodhound, and his hard
blue eyes were close-coupled. The reptilian
forehead did not signify a superior mentality,
even as the slack retreating chin denoted a
minimum of courage. It was a most con-
tradictory face. The features did not bal-
ance. Racey rDawson was not a student of
physiognomy, but he recognized a weak chin
when he saw it. If this man were indeed
McFluke, then he, Racey Dawson, was in
luck.

  Without a word the man turned from
the doorway. Racey heard him walking
across the floor. And for so heavy a man
his step was amazingly light. Racey went
into the house. The room he entered was
The Heart of the Range

97

a large one. In front of a side wall tiered to
the low ceiling with shelves bearing a sorry
assortment of ranch-supplies, was the store
counter. Across the back of the room ran
the long bar./ Behind the bar, flanking the
door giving into another room, were two
shelves heavily stocked with rows of bottles.

  The man who had come to the door was
behind the bar. His hands were resting on
top of it, and he was staring fixedly and
fishily at Racey Dawson. There was no
welcome in his face. Nor was there any
unfriendliness. It was simply exceedingly
expressionless.

  Racey draped himself against the bar.

  “Liquor,” said he.

  Having absorbed a short one, he poured
himself a second.

  “Have one with me,” he nodded to the
man.

  “All right.” The man’s tone was as

expressionless as his face. “Here’s -”

He filled and. drank.

  Racey looked about the room.

  “Where’s Old Man Dale?” he asked
casually.

  “He got away on me,” replied the man.
“He—Say!”—with sudden suspicion—“who
are you?”

  “Are you McFluke?” shot back Racey.

  The man nodded slowly, suspicion con-
tinuing to brighten his hard blue eyes.

  “Then what didja let him get away for?”
persisted Racey. “Luke Tweezy said he
left him here, an’ he said he’d stay here.
That was yore job—to see he stayed here.”

  “Who are—” persisted the suspicious Mc-
Fluke.

  “Ne’r mine who I am,” rapped out Racey,
who believed he had formed a correct esti-
mate of McFluke. “I’m somebody who
knows more about this deal than you do
an’ that’s enough for you to know. Why
didn’t you hold Old Man Dale?”

  “I—he got away on me,” knuckled down
McFluke. “I was in the kitchen, getting’
me some coffee, an’ when I come back he
had dragged it.”

  “Luke Tweezy will be tickled to death
with you,” said Racey Dawson. “What
do you s’pose he went to all that trouble
for?”

  “I couldn’t help it> could I? I ain’t got
eyes in the back of my head so’s I can see
round corners an’ through doors. How’d
I know Old Man Dale was gonna slide off?
When I left him he was all so happy with

his bottle you’d ’a’ thought he’d took root
for life. Anyway Peaches Austin oughta
come before the old man left. He was sup-
posed to come, an’ he didn’t. If anythin’
slips up account o’ this it’s gotta be blamed
on Peaches.”

  “Yeah, I guess so. An’ Peaches ain’t
been here yet?”

  “Not yet, an’ I wish to-he was never

cornin’!”

  The man’s tone was so earnest that Racey
looked at him, startled.

  “Why not?” he asked coldly.

  “Because I don’t wanna get my head
blowed off; that’s why.”

  “Aw, maybe it won’t come to that. May-
be Luke will win out.”

  “It ain’t only Luke Tweezy who’s gotta
win out, an’ you know it. An’ they’s an
‘if’ the size of Pike’s Peak between us an’
winnin’ out. I tell yuh, I don’t like it.

It’s too-dangerous.”

  “Shore it’s dangerous,” assented Racey,
slowly revolving his glass between his thumb
and fingers and wondering how far he dared
go with this McFluke person. “But a gent’s
gotta live.”

  “He don’t have to get himself killed doin’
it,” snarled McFluke, swabbing down the
bar. “Who’s that a-comin’?”

  He went to the doorway to see for him-
self who it was that rode so briskly on the
Marysville trail.

  “Peaches Austin!” he sneered. “He’s
only about three hours late.”

  It was now or never. Racey risked all
on a single cast.

  “What did the boss say when him an’
Lanpher got here an’ found old Dale gone?”
he asked carelessly.

  “He raised-” replied McFluke. “But

Lanpher wasn’t with him. Yuh know old
Dale hates Lanpher like poison. Well, I
told Jack, like I tell you, that if anythin’
slips up account o’ this, Peaches Austin can
take the blame.”

  Racey nodded indifferently and slouched
sidewise so that he could watch the door-
way without dislocating his neck. Mc-
Fluke, his back turned, still stood in the
doorway. Racey lowered a cautious hand
and loosened his six-shooter in its holster.
He wished that he had taken the precaution
to tie it down. It was impossible to foresee
what the next few minutes might bring
forth. Certainly the coming of Peaches
Austin was most inopportune.
98

Adventure

  Peaches Austin galloped up. He dis-
mounted. He tied his horse. He greeted
cheerily the glowering McFluke. The latter
did not reply in kind.

  “This is a fine time for you to get here,”
he growled. “A fi-ine time.”

  “Shut up, you fool!” cautioned Peaches
in a low voice. “Ain’t you got no better
sense, with the old man-”

  “Don’t let the old man worry you,”
yapped McFluke. “The old man has done
flitted. An’ Jack’s been here an’ he’s done
flitted.”

  “Whose hoss is that?” demanded Peaches,
evidently referring to Racey’s mount.

  “One of the boys,” replied McFulke.
“One o’ Jack’s friends. C’mon in.”

ENTERED then Peaches Austin, a
lithe, muscular person with pale eyes
and a face the color of a dead fish’s
belly. He stared noncommitally at Racey
Dawson. It was evident that Peaches Aus-
tin was taking no one on trust. He nodded
briefly to Racey and strode to the bar.
McFluke went behind the bar.

  “Ain’t I seen you in Farewell, stranger?”
Peaches Austin asked shortly.

  “You might have,” returned Racey. “I’m
mighty careless where I travel.”

  “Known Jack long?” Peaches was be-
coming nothing if not personal.

  “Long enough,” smiled Racey.

  “Lookit here, who are you?”

  “That’s what’s worryin’ McFluke,” dodg-
ed Racey, wishing that he could see just
what it was McFluke was doing with his
hands.

  But McFluke was employing his hands
in nothing more dangerous than the fetch-
ing of a bottle from some recess under and
behind the bar. Now he laughed.

  “He ain’t tellin’ all he knows,” he said to
Peaches Austin. “Don’t be so —— sus-
spiciony, Peaches. He’s a friend o’ Jack’s
I tell yuh. He knows all about the deal.”

  “That don’t make him no friend of
Jack’s,” declared Peaches stubbornly.
I-”

  At which juncture Peaches’ flow of lan-
guage was interrupted by the sudden en-
trance of Chuck Morgan. Chuck, after a
sweeping glance round the room, headed
straight for the bar.

  “McFluke,” said Chuck, halting a yard
from the bar, “did you sell any red-eye to
Old Man Dale today?”

  “What’s that to you?” demanded Mc-
Fluke truculently.

  “Why, this,” replied Chuck, producing
a six-shooter so swiftly that McFluke
blinked. “You listen to me,” he resumed
harshly. “It don’t matter whether you sold
it to him or not. He got it here, an’ that’s
the main thing. I’m telling you if he gets
any more I’m gonna make you hard to find.”
“Is that a threat or a promise?” inquired
McFluke.

  “Don’t do that,” Racey said suddenly,
as his hand shot out and pinned fast the
right wrist of Peaches Austin. “C’mon out-
side now, where we can talk. Right through
the door. To yore left. Aw right, mow they
can’t hear us. Lookit, they ain’t no call for
a gun-play; none whatever. This gent is
only layin’ down the law to Mac. An’ here
you gotta get serious right away. See how
easy Mac takes it. He ain’t doin’ a thing,
not a thing. Good as gold, Mac is. Can’t
you see how a killin’ thisaway, an’ a fellah
like Morgan too, would maybe put a crimp
in this place for good? Have some sense,
man. We need McFluke’s.”

  “He hadn’t oughta drawed on Mac,” said
Peaches, his pale eyes, shifty as a cat’s,
darting incessantly between Racey and the
doorway.

  “He didn’t shoot him. An’ he ain’t
gonna. You lemme attend to this, will
yuh? I’ll get him away quiet an’ peaceable
if I can. But you keep out of it. Y’under-
stand?”

  Peaches Austin gnawed his lower lip.
“I never did like Chuck Morgan,” he grum-
bled. “It was a good chance.”

  “A good chance to get yoreself lynched.
Shore, it was all that.”

  “Say, I’d like to know where you come
in, stranger. Jack never said nothin’ to
me about any feller yore size.”

“Jack is like me. He ain’t tellin’ all he
knows. An’ while we’re talkin’ about Jack,
I’ll tell you somethin’. An’ that’s to keep
away from Farewell for three-four days.”
“Why for?”

  “So’s to give Jack a chance to cool off.
He’s hotter than a wet wolf ’cause you
didn’t turn up here on time.”

   “I ain’t afraid o’ Jack.”

  “ ’Course you ain’t. But yuh know how
Jack is. Even if it don’t come to a show-
down, there’ll be words passed. An’ I don’t
wanna run any risk of you quittin’ the out-
fit. Every man is needed. You be sensible
The Heart of the Range

99

an’ stick here with McFluke three-four days
like I say, an’ after that c’mon in to Fare-
well. In the mean time I’ll see Jack an’
tell him how it happened you didn’t get
here on time. An’ how did it happen any-
way?”

  Peaches Austin looked this way and that
before replying.

  “I shore don’t like to tell how it hap-
pened,” he said. “Sounds so babyish-like.
But my hat blowed off over this side of
Injun Ridge a ways an’ when I leaned down
to pick it up, my hoss started, my hand
slipped, an’ I went off on my head ker-blam.
An’ do yuh know, I’ll bet I was three hours

a-runnin’ from - to breakfast before I

caught that hoss where he was feedin’ in a
narrow draw. I’m all tired out yet. They
ain’t no strength in my legs.”

  “I’ll fix it up with Jack,” Racey lied with
a wonderfully straight face. “Don’t you
worry.”

  “I ain’t worryin’,” Peaches denied irrita-
bly. “I ain’t afraid of Jack, I tell yuh.”
“Shore,” soothed Racey, who, having
formed an estimate of Peaches, ranked him
scarcely higher than McFluke and treated
him accordingly. “Shore, I know you ain’t.
But alia same you need considerable of a
coolin’ off yoreself. Just you stay out here
now an’ watch me get Morgan away.”
Racey nodded blithely to Peaches Austin,
and turned to go into the house. He saw
that Chuck Morgan had come outside, that
he had brought McFluke with him, and was
observing events with a cold and calculating
eye.

  “I tell yuh I couldn’t help his gettin’ the
whisky,” McFluke was whining. “It ain’t
my fault if somebody gives it to him, is it?”
“Of course not,” chimed in Racey briskly.
“Mac means all right. He didn’t know
there was any law against providin’ old
Dale with whisky.”

  “They is a law,” insisted Chuck Morgan
belligerently, his gun trained unswervingly
on McFluke’s broad stomach. “They is a
law. I made it. An’ it goes. Peaches,”
he added, raising his voice, “don’t you slide
round the house now. If you move so much
as a yard from where yo’re standin’ I
ventilate McFluke immediate.”

  “I wouldn’t do that,” said Racey mildly.
“I got my eye on you too,” declared
Chuck. “What I said to Peaches goes for
you, an’ don’t forget it.”

  “I ain’t likely to; not me. *\111 want you

to do is go some’ers else peaceful. You
ain’t figurin’ on livin’ here, are yuh?”

  Chuck uttered a short hard laugh. Mc-
Fluke’s back was toward Racey. Peaches
Austin was behind him, thirty feet away.
Racey’s left eyelid drooped. His head
moved almost imperceptibly toward his
horse.

“I’M GOIN’ now,” said Chuck.
“I’ll go with yuh just to see yuh
on yore way sort of,” said Racey.

  “You was goin’ with me anyway sort of,”
Chuck told him. “Yo’re the only man
round here so far’s I can see, an’ I ain’t
takin’ any chances on you; not a chance.
Yo’re goin’ down the trail a spell with me.
Later you can come back. Keep yore
hands where they are.”

  Quickly Chuck shoved McFluke to one
side, rushed forward and possessed himself
of Racey’s gun. “Crawl yore hoss,” he com-
manded.

  Racey obeyed without a word. Chuck
climbed into his own saddle without losing
the magic of the drop and without losing
sight for an instant of McFluke and Peaches
Austin.

  “Take the trail south,” said Chuck Mor-
gan, and backed his horse in a wide half-
circle.

  Racey did as he was ordered. Three
minutes later he was joined by his friend.
Until the trail took them down into a draw
grown up in spruce Chuck’s gun remained
very much in evidence. Any unbiased spec-
tator without a knowledge of the facts
would have said that he was keeping a close
watch on Racey Dawson.

  Once out of sight of the house of McFluke,
Chuck sheathed his six-shooter with a jerk
and returned Racey’s gun.

  “You done fine at the last,” Racey said
admiringly, as he holstered his weapon.
“But what did yuh jump McFluke for that-
away at first? That come almighty near
kickin’ the kettle over, that play did.”

  “I know,” said Chuck shamefacedly, “an’
when I rode up to the shack I hadn’t in-
tended nothin’ like that. But when I saw
that slickery juniper McFluke standin’
there behind the bar so fat an’ sassy, it come
over me all of a sudden what he’d done to
the Dale family by lettin’ old Dale have

whisky, that I couldn’t help myself. -,

I wanted to knock him down an’ tromp his
face as flat as a floor. It ain’t as if McFluke
100

Adventure

ain’t been told about old Dale’s failin’. I
warned him when he first came here last
year not te let old Dale have red-eye on any
account.”

  “I know,” nodded Racey soberly, “but
you gotta remember his givin’ old Dale
whisky ain’t the particular cow we’re after.
There’s more to it than that, a whole lot
more. We gotta be a li’l careful, Chuck,
an’ go a li’l slow. If we go havin’ a fraycas
now they’ll get suspicious an’ go fussbudg-
, ettin’ round like a houn’dog after quail.”
“Just as if they won’t suspicion somethin’s
up soon as Peaches Austin gets back to
Farewell.”

j “Peaches Austin ain’t goin’ back to Fare-
! well right way. I’ve fixed Peaches for a few
days. An’ a few days is all I need to find
out what I wanna. An’ even after Peaches
does float in, will he know me after I’ve
changed my shirt, dirtied my hat, an’ got me
a clean shave twice over?

   “He ain’t got no idea what I look like tra-
der the whiskers. He wasn’t livin’ in Fare-
well before I went north, so all he knows
about me is my voice an’ my hoss. It will
be shore the worst kind of luck if I can’t
keep Peaches from hearin’ one an’ seem’
the other until after I’m ready. You leave
it to yore uncle, Chuck. He knows.”

   “He’s a great man, my uncle,” assented
Chuck and stuck a derisive tongue in his
cheek. “What did you find out from Mc-
Fluke—anythin’?”

   “Anythin’? Gimme a match an’ I’ll tell
yuh.”

CHAPTER VI

CHANGE OF PLAN

“TT’S A long way to Arizona,” offered

   *	Racey Dawson casually, too casually.
Swing Tunstall’s bristle - haired head
jerked round. Swing bent two suspicious
eyes upon his friend.

   “You just find it out?” he queried.

  “No, oh, no,” denied Racey. “I been
thinkin’ about it some time.”

  “Thinkin’!” sneered Swing. “That's a
new one—for you.”

   “Nev’ mine,” countered Racey. “It ain’t
catchin’—to you.”

   “Is that so?” yammered Swing, now over
his head as far as repartee was concerned.
“Is that so? What you gassin’ about Ari-
zona for thisaway? You gonna renig on the
trip?”

  “I’ll bet there’s plenty of goad jots we can
find right here in Farewell,” dodged Raoey.
“An’ vicinity,” he amended. “Yep, Swing,
old-timer, I’ll bet the Bar S or the Cross-in-
a-box would hire us just too quick. Shore
they would. It ain’t every day they get a

chance at a jo-darter of a buster like-”

  “Like the-liar in four States, moanin’

you,” cut in Swing.

  “Yo’re right,” admitted Racey promptly.
“When I was speakin’ of a jo-darter I meant
you, so I was a liar. I admit it. I might ’a’
knowed you wouldn’t appreciate my kind
words. Besides bein’ several other tilings,
yo’re a ungrateful cuss. Gimme the ma-
kin’s,”

  “Smoke yore own, you hunk of misery.
You had four extra sacks in yore war-bags
this mornin’.”

  “Had? So you been skirmishin’ round
my war-bags, have yuh? How many of
them sacks did you rustle?”

  “I left two.”

  “Two! Two! Say, I bought that to-
bacco myself for my own personal use, an’
not for a lazy, loafin’, cowfaced lump of slum-
gullion to glom an’ smoke. Why don’t you
spend somethin’ besides the evenin’ now

an’ then? -, you sit on your coin closer

than a hen with one egg. I’ll gamble that
Robinson Crusoe spent more money in a
week than you spend in four years. Two
sacks of my smokin’! You got a gall like a
hoss. There was my extra undershirt un-
der them sacks. It’s a wonder you didn’t
smouch that too.”

  “It didn’t fit,” replied Swing Tunstall,
placidly constructing a cigaret. “Too big.
Besides all the buttons was off, an’ if they’s
anythin’ I despise it’s a undershirt without
any buttons. Sort of wanderin’ off the
main trail though, ain’t we, Racey? We
was talkin’ about Arizona, wasn’t we?”
“We was not,” Racey contradicted
quickly. “We was talkin’ about a job here
in Fort Creek County. To-with Ari-
zona.”

  “To-with Arizona, huh? Yo’re seri-
ous? You mean it?”

  “I’m serious as lead in yore inwards.
’Course I mean it. Ain’t I been sayin’ so
plain as can be the last half-hour?”

  “Yo’re sayin’ so is plain enough. An’ so
is the whyfor?”

  “The whyfor?”

  “Shore, the whyfor. Say, do you take me
for a fool? Here you use up the best part of
The Heart of the Range

101

two days on a trip I could make in ten
hours goin’ slow an’ eatin’ regular. Who is
she, cowboy, who is she?”

  “What yuh talkin’ about?”

  “What am I talkin’ about, huh? I’d ask
that, I would. Yeah, I would so. Is she
pretty?”

  “Poor feller’s got a hangover,” Racey
murmured in pity. “I kind o’ thought it
must be somethin’ like that when he began
to talk so funny. Now I’m shore of it.
You tie a wet towel round yore head, Swing,
an’ take a good long pull of cold water.
You’ll feel better in the mornin’.”

  “So’ll I feel better in the mornin’ if you
jiggers will close yore traps an’ lemme
sleep,” growled a peevish voice in the next
room on the Main Street side.

  “As I live,” said Racey in a tone of vast
surprize, “there’s somebody in the next
room.”

  “Sounds like the owner of the Starlight,”
hazarded Swing Tunstall.

  “It is the owner of the Starlight,” corrob-
orated the voice, “an’ I wanna sleep, an’ I
wanna sleep now.”

  “We ain’t got no objections,” Racey told
him. “She’s a fine, free country. An’
every gent is entitled to life, liberty an’ the
pursuit of happiness, three things no home
should be without.”

  “Shut up, will yuh?” squalled the goaded
proprietor of the Starlight Saloon. “If you
wanna make a speech go out to the corral
an’ don’t bother regular folks.”

  “Hear that, Swing?” grinned Racey, and
twiddled his bare toes delightedly. “GenT-
man^says you gotta shut up. Says he’s reg-
ular folks too. You be good boy now an’ go
by-by.”

  “Shut up!”

  “Here, here, Swing!” cried Racey, struck
by a brilliant idea. “What yuh doin’ with
that gun?”

  “I—” began the bewildered Swing, who
had not even thought of his gun but was
peacefully sitting on his cot, pulling off his
boots.

  ‘Leave it alone!” Racey interrupted in a
hearty bawl. “Don’t yuh go holdin’ it at
the wall even in fun. It might go off. Yuh
can’t tell. Yo’re so all-fired careless with a
six-shooter, Swing. Like enough yo’re
aimin’ right where the feller’s bed is, too,”
he added craftily.

  Ensued then sounds of rapid departure
from the bed next door. A door flew open

and slammed. One padded down the
stairs in his socks, invoking his Maker as he
went.

  “An’ that’s the last of him,” chuckled
Racey.

  “Oh, you needn’t think I’m forgettin’,”
grumbled Swing Tunstall, sliding out of his
trousers and folding them tidily beside his
boots. “You soft-headed yap, have you
gotta let a woman spoil everythin’?”

  “Spoil everythin’?”

  “You don’t think I’m goin’ alia way to
Arizona by myself, nobody to talk to nor
nothin’, do yuh? Well, I ain’t. You can
stick a pin in that.”

  Racey immediately sprang up, seized his
friend’s limp hand and pumped it vigorously.

  “Bless you for them words,” he said. “I
knowed you’d stick by me. I knowed I
could depend on ol’ Swing to do the right
thing. Tomorrow you an’ me will traipse
out an’ locate us a couple of jobs.”

  Swing doubled a leg, flattened one bare
foot against Racey’s chest, straightened the
leg and deposited Racey upon his own
proper cot with force and precision.

  “Don’t you come honey-fuglin’ round
me,” warned Swing. “An’ I didn’t say
nothin’ about stickin’ by you, neither. An’
when it comes to the right thing you an’ me

don’t think alike a-tall. I-”

  “I wish you’d pull yore kicks a few,” in-
terrupted Racey, rubbing his chest. “You
like to busted a rib.”

  “Not the way you landed,” countered the
unfeeling Swing. “Yo’re tryin’ to get off
the trail again. Here you an’ me plan her

all out to go to-”

  “You bet,” burst in Racey enthusiasti-
cally. “We planned to go to either the
Bar S or the Cross-in-a-box an’ get that job.
Shore we did. You got a memory like all
outdoors, Swing. It plumb amazes me how
clear an’ straight you keep everythin’ in
that head of yores. Yep, it shore does.”
Hereupon, in the most unconcerned man-
ner, Racey Dawson began to blow smoke-
rings toward the ceiling.

  Swing Tunstall sank sulkily down upon an
elbow. “Whatsa use?” said Swing Tun-
sT&ll. “Whatsa use?”

  It was then that some one knocked upon
their chamber door.

  “Come in,” said Racey Dawson.

  The door opened and Lanpher’s comrade
of the attractive smile and the ruthless pro-
file walked into the room. He closed the
102

Adventure

door without noise, spread his legs and
looked upon the two friends silently.

  “I heard you talkin’ through the wall,” he
said in a studied low tone, a tone that,
heard through a partition, would have been
but an indistinguishable murmur.

  “Hearin’ us talk through walls seems to
be a habit in this hotel,” commented Racey,
tactfully following the other’s lead in low-
ness of tone.

  “I couldn’t help hearin’,” apologized the
stranger who was vestless and bootless.
Evidently he had been on the point of re-
tiring when the spirit moved him to visit his
fellow guests. “I’d like to talk to yuh.”

  “Yo’re welcome,” said Racey, hospitably
yanking his trousers from the only chair the
room possessed. “Si’ down.”

  The stranger sat. Raoey Dawson, sitting
on the bed, his knees on a level with his chin,
clasped his hands round his bare ankles and
accorded the stranger his closest attention.
To the casual observer, however, Racey
looked uncommonly dull and sleepy, even
stupid. But not too stupid. Racey pos-
sessed too much native finesse to overdo it.

IT WAS apparent that the stranger
did not recognize him, which was
not surprizing. For at the Dale
ranch Racey had been wearing all his
clothes and a beard of weeks. Now he was
clean-shaven and attired in nothing but a
flannel shirt. True, the stranger must have
heard him singing to Miss Dale. But a
singing voice is far different from a speaking
voice, and Racey had not uttered a single
conversational word in the stranger’s pres-
ence. Now he had occasion to bless this
happy chance.

  Swing Tunstall, slow to take a cue, and
still suffering with the sulks, continued to he
quietly and smoke, his head supported on a
bent arm. But he watched the stranger
narrowly.

  The stranger tilted back his chair, and
levering with his toes, teetered to and fro in
silence.

  “I heard you say you were lookin’ for a
job in the momin’,” the stranger said sud-
denly to Racey.

  “You heard right,” nodded Racey.

  “Are you dead set on workin’ for the Bar S
or the Cross-in-a-box?”

  “I ain’t dead set on workin’ for anybody.
Work ain’t a habit with either of us, but
so long as we got to work, the ranches with

good cooks have the call, an’ the Bar S an’
Richie’s outfit have special good cooks.”

  The stranger nodded and began to smooth
down, hand over hand, his tousled hair. It
was very thick hair, oily and coarse. When
sufficiently smoothed it presented that shiny,
slick appearance so much admired in the
copper-toed, black-walnut era.

  Not till each and every lock lay in per-
fect adjustment with its neighbor did the
stranger speak.

  “Cooks mean a whole lot,” was his open-
ing remark. “A good one can come
mighty nigh holdin’ a outfit together.
Money ain’t to be sneezed at neither.
Good wages paid on the nail run the cook a
close second. How would you boys like to
work for me?”

  The stranger, as he asked the question,
fixed Racey with his black eyes. The
puncher felt as if a steel drill were boring
into his brain. But he returned the stare
without appreciable effort. Racey Dawson
was not of those that lower their eyes to any
man.

  “I take it,” drawled Racey, “that yo’re
fixin’ to iastall all them comforts of home
you was just now talkin’ about—a good
cook an’ better wages for the honest workin’
man?”

  “Naturally I am.” The stranger’s eyes
shifted to Swing Tunstall’s face.

  “Yeah—naturally.” Thus Racey Daw-
son.

  The stranger’s eyes returned quickly to
Racey. There had been a barely percepti-
ble pause between the two words uttered by
Racey Dawson. Pauses signify a great deal
at times. This might be one of those times
and it might not. The stranger couldn’t
be sure. From that moment the stranger
watched Racey Dawson even as the pro-
verbial cat watches the mouse-hole.

  Racey knew that the stranger was watch-
ing him. And he knew why. So he smiled
with bland stupidity and nodded a foolish
head.

  “What wages?” he inquired.

  “Fifty per,” was the reply.

  “Where?”

  “Southeast of Dogville—the Rafter H
ranch.”

  “The Rafter H, huh? I thought that
was Haley’s outfit.” It was Swing Tun-
stall speaking.

  “I expect to buy out Haley,” explained
the stranger smoothly. “My name’s
The Heart of the Range

103

Harpe, Jack Harpe. What may I call you
gents? . . . Dawson an’ Tunstall, eh?
I-”

  “Haley ain’t much better than a nester,”
interrupted Racey. “He don’t own more’n
forty cows at one time. What you want
with two punchers for a small bunch like
that—an’ at fifty per?”

  “I know she ain’t much of a ranch now,”
admitted Jack Harpe. “But everythin’ has
to have a beginnin’. I’m figurin’ on a right
smart growth for the Rafter H within the
next year or two.”

  “Figurin’ on opposition maybe?” probed
Racey Dawson.

  “You never can tell.”

  “You can if you go to cuttin’ any of Bill
Barbee’s corners. Haley’s little bunch
never bothers Bill none, but a man-size out-
fit so close to the south thataway would
shore give him somethin’ to think about.
Then there’s the Anvil ranch east of the B
bar B. They’ll begin to scratch theicjieads,
you bet. Hall, too, maybe, although he is a
good ways to the east.”

  “She’s all free range,” said Jack Harpe.
“I guess I got as good a right here as the
next gent.”

  “Providin’ you can make the next gent
see yore side of the ease,” suggested Racey.

  “Most folks are willin’ to listen to reason,”
stated Jack Harpe.

  “I ain’t so shore,” doubted Racey. “You
ain’t looked at the whole of the layout yet.
How about the 88 ranch?”

  “The 88,” repeated Jack Harpe in a tone
of surprize. “What’ll I have to do with the
88, I’d like to know?”

“I dunno,” said Racey, his eyes more
stupid than ever. “I was just a-wonderin’.”
Jack Harpe laughed without a sound. It
seemed to be a habit of his to laugh silently.

  “You musta seen me with Lanpher, I
guess. Well, Lanpher an’ I are just friends,
thassall. My cattle won’t graze far enough
south to overlap on the 88 anywheres.”
“Nor the Bar S,” suggested Racey.

  “Nor the Bar S.”

  “That’s sensible.” Thus Racey, watch-
ing closely Jack Harpe from under lowered
lids.

  Did his last remark strike a glint from
the other man’s eyes? He thought it did.
Certainly Jack Harpe’s eyes had narrowed
suddenly and slightly.

 “Yeah,” Jack Harpe said, “I ain’t
countin’ on doin’ no fussin’ with either the
88 or the Bar S. Of course Bill Barbee an’
the Anvil are different. Dunno how they’ll
take it. Dunno that I care—much.”
“Which is why yo’re payin’ fifty per.”
Ja«k Harpe nodded.

  “Yep. Gotta be prepared for them fel-
lers—Bill Barbee an’ the Anvil outfit.”
“Yo’re right,” assented Racey Dawson.
“Mustn’t let ’em catch yuh nappin’. You
would look foolish then, wouldn’t yuh?”

  He broke off with a sounding laugh and
slapped a silly leg.

  “How about it, gents?” inquired Jack
Harpe. “Are you ridin’ for me or not?”
“You wantin’ to know right now this
minute?”

  “I don’t have to know right now, because
I won’t be ready for yuh to begin for two or
three weeks, but knowin’ would help my
plans a few. I gotta figure things out
ahead.”

  “Shore, shore. Let yuh know day after
tomorrow ®r sooner, maybe. How’s
that?”

 “Good enough. Remember yore wages
start the day yuh say when even if you don’t
begin work for a month yet. All I’d ask is
for you to stay round town where I can get
hold of yuh easy. G’night.”

  With this the stranger slid from the chair,
opened the door part way and oozed into the
hallway. He closed the door without a
sound. He regained his own room in equal
silence. Racey did not hear the shutting of
the other’s door, but he heard the springs of
the cot squeak under Jack Harpe’s weight
as he lay down.

  Swing Tunstall framed a remark with his
lips only. Racey Dawson shook his head.
The partition was too thin and Jack Harpe’s
ears were too long and sharp for him to risk
even the tiniest of whispers. With his
hand he made the Indian sign for “to-
morrow,” stretched out his long legs,
yawned—and fell almost instantly asleep.

        #

TO BE CONTINUED
“BROWN BESS” vs. “OLD KAINTUCK”

by LEWIS APPLETON BARKER

  AS LATE as 1689, when King William’s
War commenced, England was still
using matchlock muskets in her
armies. King William, familiar himself
with war on the Continent, adopted, as
the regulation British military arm, the
flint musket in 1690. The name “Brown
Bess” dates back to 1570, when Queen
Elizabeth, whose soldiery were armed prin-
cipally with long bows and cross-bows, had
one regiment equipped with matchlock guns
with browned barrels and fittings, which
took their name from their donor. But
although matchlocks, wheel-locks and snap-
hances in the shape of British Army muskets
were known in their day by that name,
after 1744 the title was applied only to the
flintlock of that name.

  It was easily recognizable from other
muskets of the flint type by these differ-
ences: The barrel was fastened to the stock
by pins, not bands, the arm was mounted
with brass, and was marked by the British
government.

  The weapon was very unreliable, owing
to its total inability to shoot accurately.
This was due to the fact that the interior
of the barrel, even after boring, was far
from true. Also the bullet itself, wabbling
loosely in the barrel and rolling along the
bore as it was discharged, rarely went where
it was desired to go.

  In addition, the soldier was not taught
to exercise any individual shooting. He
merely held his gun in a horizontal position,
pointed—not sighted—it, and fired. It was
all volley shooting at not over one hundred
yards.

THE American flintlock rifle, called
“Kentucky,” or in dialect “Kain-
tuck,” had reached its full develop-
ment about 1760, and was to a great
extent responsible for the gaining of inde-
pendence. Used by such men as Morgan,
George Rogers Clark, Kenton, Boone, John
Sevier and other of the early pioneers, the
rifle of that day was nearly as accurate at
short range as the best of modern weapons.
It was long, slender and graceful, and did
not weigh nearly as much as “Brown Bess.”

  The latter, too, had the great disad-
vantage of so fouling after being fired five
or six times as to require a half-hour’s labor
to make it sufficiently clean to be fit to be
again discharged. The American, beside
rifling or grooving the inside of the barrel
and having the bullet fit the same so that
with adjusted sights the rifle would hit the
bull’s-eye at a measured distance, had
learned to use a greased patch.

  In the stock of the gun was a little box
with a hinged cover. In this was kept a lot
of circular pieces of greased linen or leather
of a size, and cut with a die. After the
powder was poured into the barrel it was held,
butt on the ground, and one of these patches
was laid on the muzzle; the ball was placed
on it and pressed into the bore with the
thumb. Then it was rammed home.

  A blow with the ramrod flattened the
ball a little so that it held its position. Then
when the rifle was fired the ball expanded
circumferentially and with its cover filled
the grooves, preventing the escape of gas
and gaining rotation. The patch, following
the ball closely as it left the barrel, cleaned
away the culch left by the passage of the
lead, and, having accomplished its office,
dropped to the earth, the ball speeding on
to its mark. The patch also aided and
facilitated loading, and made a gas-tight
fit of the missile to the bore.

  For the first time in history a weapon
of precision came into use. And one
also capable of repeating many times
its first performance. And these weapons
were almost entirely used by Americans.
In the entire British Army In America dur-
ing the Revolution there was but one com-
pany of riflemen, and that made up of
Hessians, German gamekeepers.

  In all the colonial wars the rifles of the
colonists did real service. At poor Brad-
dock’s fatal defeat at the Monongahela,
only about four hundred of the thirteen
hundred English troops escaped, nor would
they have but for the rifles of Washington’s
backwoodsmen.

  At the battle on the Plains of Abraham,
where the gallant Wolfe lost his life, the
colonial riflemen were placed in front of his
"Brown Bess” vs. "Old Kaintuck”

105

army. Well was his trust rewarded. Down
went the French ranks as if plowed by
cannon, marking the close of French power
in the western world. But Great Britain
let the lesson go unheeded, while America
kept turning out rifles.

  It was not alone American superior
strategy that won that great struggle for
liberty known as the Revolution. There
were conjoining causes, but first among
them was the influence and work of the
American rifleman, and to him may be
traced French intervention, since he won
the battle of Saratoga, up to which time
France had turned a deaf ear to our en-
treaties.

  In the fighting from 1775 to 1781 En-
gland’s loss in battle had been five to our
three. When the news of Concord and
Bunker Hill spread through the land, Vir-
ginia and other Western riflemen were sent
for. A British soldier was shot at 250 yards
with only half his head in sight; ten men
and three officers were killed in one day,
reconnoitering; a rifleman sighting some
British on a scow half a mile distant finally
potted the entire company.

  To say nothing of Tim Murphy’s feat
at Saratoga, known to every American
schoolboy. General Fraser was directing
the British line, as he supposed out of
shooting distance. General Morgan ordered
Murphy to climb a tree and “get him.”
Fraser was three hundred yards distant.
The first shot cut his bridle-rein, the second
killed the man behind him, and the third

gave him a mortal wound, thus forever
cutting short that gallant officer’s kope of
retrieving the family estates, forfeited by
his father, the notorious Simon Fraser, Lord
Lovat.

  And so on, until General Howe offered
a reward for the capture alive of one of these
ogres and his shooting-gear. When Howe
finally got him the prisoner was sent to
England to exhibit his marksmanship and
give some idea to the British public of the
difficulties their troops were encountering.

  During the years of 1778 and 1779 rifle-
men were sought and organized everywhere.
Regiment after regiment was formed, and
to them may be given the credit for the
success of the Southern and last campaign
of the war.

  Kentucky was rendered habitable by the
same deadly weapon. It was the only effec-
tive agent against England’s savage allies.
George Rogers Clarke, at the head of only
two or three hundred riflemen, in 1778-1779
captured the French-British posts of Kas-
kaskia, Cahokia, and Vincennes, and added
a territory to the new nation of far greater
extent than had been dreamed of.

  The influence of the American rifle can
not be overestimated, and while Brown Bess
has added to the possessions of the British
Empire and will ever find a soft spot in
men’s hearts as the upholder of British liber-
ties, yet we must yield the palm in every way
to the greatest single factor in our struggle
for freedom, the early bulwark of American
independence, “Old Kaintuck.”
Chester L.Saxfcjy

Author of “El Capit3.ii Arrnie," “Not for a Thousand.”

TO THOSE who go down to the sea
in dreams a water-front is a Sum-
mer-sweet spot of wriggling, shiny
shingle fashioned like a gorgeous
horse-collar, quite as brilliantly varnished,
quite as o’erlapped with a flowing main (if
the spelling be not too closely scrutinized).
Adjacent sand-hills billowing higher and
higher toward green hills—or perhaps blue—
are careless burial-ground for eloquent memo-
rials of the sea: here a quaint, dilapidated
dory, rotting in the spicy breeze carrying
from those picturesque hillocks a faint aroma
of sea-pinks; a rusted, broad-fluked anchor,
thrusting upward indomitable strength, in-
controvertible poesy:

  Among those retired and modest green
hills—or perhaps blue—nestles a village like
no other village in the world, the product of
endless cycles of self-sufficiency, mild-man-
nered in architecture and speech, white-
washed, garden-fringed, full of a flavor of
philosophy. A hint of the South Sea—a
ship-load of romance borne back by hardy
whalers—graces every cottage interior in
the shapes of huge shells, intricately pat-
terned corals, a variety of sponges and other
miscellany.

  A white-brick light-house stands upon the
farthest point of land; down its storm-
beaten side a great seam goes—like a petri-
fied lightning-flash; it possesses an odor of
mustiness utterly dissimilar to that of other
land structures. Indeed, it is not of the

land; it is of the sea. The lacy-sparred
ships riding in the cove know this and seem
to nod to it from the restless bosom of the
surf that is the voice men listen to beyond
all other sounds. The frame for this picture
is a wondrous gilding of sunlight, and the
wall upon which it hangs has been papered
by Providence a deep, benign blue.

  To those who go down to the sea in ships
a water-front presents little of this glamour.
Sight, smell, sound—they are all of a dif-
ferent order. Poesy has been abandoned
for practicability; the billowing sands are
hidden by dingy warehouses, the shiny
shingle by wharves, the green hills—or per-
haps blue—by such a growth of stone and
mortar that they have become pressed down
to a common flatness; while the village, lost
to its maidenly coyness, shows itself a bulg-
ing, strapping* thing of rank maturity, un-
shapely, smut-frocked, big-featured—a great
city.

  The odors most prevalent suggest a reek-
ing caldron of strange dumpings—tar and
stale brews and too long-trusted fish and
thick grease and wet clothing with sweating
men inside them and animals and harness
and iron. In the matter of sound the voice
of the sea has been quite outdone and is no
longer heard; instead there comes a cough-
ing and a sputter of mechanical lungs, a
clang and jangle of dropping or clashing
metal, a rattle of steel-rimmed wheels, a
discordance of hoarse human bawling, often

ic6
Southward

107

vile-tongued, snorts and clatter and the
groaning of timbers.

  The light-house speaking the uncharted
seas—one sees nothing of it. There are no
uncharted seas, although ships and men still
lose themselves in blind alleys of tossing
waters. And the frame for this picture is of
no settled hue at all, but dim and smudged
and finger-marked by tentacles of smoke—
just like the wall behind it.

  Much of all this was summed up on the
water-front of San Francisco for Arnie Sond-
heim to walk through on his errand from
ship office to ship office. But he had been
too long of it to notice, too long inured to
these and grimmer sights, to these and more
deadly smells, to these and harsher sounds,
to wonder about them.

  Fog stole in from the sea, so little seen,
and drizzled miserably over everything,
sliming the pavements, chilling the flesh,
saturating garments; clouds of it, blocks of
it, blocks of it, walls of it everywhere shut
out the sim and tested human affection for
salt water.

  Arnie, issuing from a doorway, stood star-
ing about in mild disgust and proceeded to
affirm once more in strong language and a
soft voice how utterly he detested all water
and especially that with brine in it, and
those who ruled the latter kind.

  “They don’t want me, huh? Well, I don’t
want them either. There’s places ashore
where a man can live like he’s supposed to
live.”

  His hand, hard in the palm as the scales
of a fish, went down into his trousers pocket
and came up gripping a bulky roll of yellow
banknotes. His features relaxed as he con-
templated it—four thousand dollars, un-
questioned in value anywhere in the
world.

  The little man at his elbow—he stood no
taller than Amie’s armpit—put a cheerful
face upon the matter. He had remained at
Amie’s elbow throughout. They had
brought in the sinking Snowbird together;
they had received their due of salvage to-
gether; the little man hoped they would take
out a tight bark together, Arnie in the cabin
as he should be, and he in the galley—quite
as he should be, too. He preferred down in
his heart that it be a whaler, for whaling was
a man’s job, just as cooking for whaling men
was a man’s job beyond all else in life. Arnie
would make a wondrous whaling skipper, he
knew, whether he had ever whaled before or

not—which represented the highest tribute
one could pay.

  It amazed him thoroughly that Arnie was
not snapped up at once by every owner and
agent. Nevertheless he put a cheerful face
upon the situation because he knew no other
face to put upon it and because he read his
Bible and once in a while swore a little to
prove that God watched over men and spar-
rows. Even when Arnie said he was through
with the sea, Yankee cheerfulness was in no
wise impaired. They were sailing men to-
gether; they would always be sailing men
together; it was a noble career.

  “Doos beat all,” he said, “how mighty
sot-up a landlubber’ll git. Cain’t see ez any
on ’em cu’d box a compass theyself. Nary a
thing yuh couldn’t do to a ship. Jes’ chill’s
play to yuh, I sense it.” Pride made the
little cook beam.

  Arnie shook his head and attempted no
reply. He recognized, as the cook did not,
just what stood between him and a master’s
berth. Notwithstanding that every owner
murmured something anent qualifications,
it was not the lack of qualifications that en-
tered the matter. It was drink; drink meant
unsteadiness.

  Arnie scorned to tell them that in two
months not a drop of liquor had he
taken, just as they scorned to come out
openly and tell him why they did not want
him. He had a reputation; the considera-
tion ended there. The misfortune lay in the
fact that given any sort of basis for pride
and development, the distasteful whisky
substitute with its momentary exaltation,
its fool witchery, would never have entered
into consideration.

  “I’ll try one more, Japes,” he relented,

stuffing the money away. “But by-I

won’t ship before the mast! Come on! But-
ton up, man; your vest’s wet.”

  “Gorry!” ejaculated the cook, and
wrapped his skimpy jacket tight about his
skimpy chest, enclosing his beloved flowered
waistcoat in a jealous embrace.

  They made in out of the dreary weather
and stood before a railing behind which a
pair of hard eyes gaged them all the while
that Arnie talked.

  “Here’s four thousand dollars to buy in on
any vessel you’ve got,” Arnie told him,
“and myself to sign as master of ’er—coast-
wise trading.”

  Near by at the same railing a swarthy-
faced individual looked up. Prosperity
io8

  Adventure

/

exuded from him; likewise an air of being an
ardent hunter after more.

  “An’ half-again on my account, sir,”
spoke up Japes.

  With true Yankee shrewdness he added:
“We be a mind tuh take a chance, how-be
shippin’s downright poor fer a spell. Set me
down at cook, sir, an’ all agreeable.”

  “Hml” remarked the man behind the
hard pair of eyes. “A good deal of money—
out of a job, is it? Pearl-fishing?”

  “Deep sea more like,” was Arnie’s wry an-
swer. “Name: Arnie Sondheim.”

  “Brumg in the Snowbird, abandoned at
sea,” the cook announced.

  “Oh, yes—yes. You have a master’s cer-
tificate, Mr. Sondheim?”

“Say the word, and I’ll go get examined.”
Despite him, an eagerness crept into his
voice. He scarcely knew what it was; first
and last he wanted no more of the sea; yet
here he was growing excited.

  “No question of passing, be sure of
that.”

  His anticipation pulling him on, he con-
tinued: “South American ports—Valpa-
raiso, Callao, San Carlos——”

  Of course, San Carlos was the end and aim
of it all; he admitted to himself it was to
reach Lelona and to reach her in the right
status—a captain, as she had desired him
to be—that he bent his pride to these land-
cruising men in office buildings and men-
tioned the four thousand dollars. By right
they should be glad to take him for himself,
and no questions asked.

  The man behind the hard eyes was say-
ing:

  “I couldn’t promise anything at this time.
The big vessels hog the trade; we’ve had to

lay up two wind-boats-”

  Arnie left the cook replying to this. Japes
was a Yankee and took no insult silently.
As for Arnie—what did he care for the man’s
opinion? It was simply a question of know-
ing an end of all this drifting; and that
meant Lelona, the Chilean maid, and that
meant being a ship’s master, for she would
not take him otherwise. The sixth well-
found, successful man of ship affairs had
turned him down—and Arnie smiled at the
thought that he knew more about the busi-
ness than the man.

  Well, he would head for Jake’s place and
down some of the hot, bitter stuff that made
him as favored and fine a man as any.
There were ways of getting to heaven be-

sides loosing a skysail boom that has got
jammed. The jangling music-kox soon be-
came a harp. A poor enough heaven he
called it to sit and strum a harp; Arnie
Sondheim took his keenest joy in genuine
activity; activity such as must have kill«d
many another man, or at least have pro-
duced heart-leakage, rupture, tuberculosis.
But what heaven kept a man forever yearn-
ing for that which he could not understand—
just as a pregnant woman yearns for an arti-
cle of diet she has never tasted? And if one
must enter this heaven through the portals
of raw liquor—why then, one must.

       OUT in the corridor he halted, wait-
ing for Japes; and there a hand fell
upon his shoulder. He squared
about. The swarthy-faced man of prosper-
ity stood nodding to him, dressed in the
height of fashion, a huge diamond winking
from his necktie.

  “Well, Mr. Sondheim; well, I’m pleased to
know you! My name’s Zeesman—Gabriel
Zeesman. Happened in on Culp very nicely,
very nicely for you, Mr. Sondheim. Culp’s
not your kind; too conservative. Not the
way with me. When I see a good man, I
don’t ask what his last job was. Face-value
—that’s the coin, my friend.”

  Arnie grinned in return, mumbled some-
thing and waited. The man possessed a
radiant personality and spoke to him out of
a great void in the tone of equality.

  “Fact is,” he declared, “I’m a ship-owner
myself—in a small way. You appeal to me,
my friend. There’s a brig of mine anchored
in the bay, ready to clear and no captain to
take her out. These high-priced masters
are too much for me. To be frank, my funds
are limited. Fitting her out and provision-
ing her has drained me.”

  “It’s no time for making fortunes on the
trade,” Arnie agreed sympathetically. “I’m
willing to help out.”

  He pulled out the big roll of bills. A boy-
ish exuberance flamed swiftly. Money
meant nothing to him.

  “If it’s Valparaiso—San Carlos, I’m your
man.” The vision of Lelona grew strong.

“If she’s ready now-”

  “Slowly, Sondheim; slowly I How about
your papers?”

  “They could examine me right off,” sug-
gested this enigmatical sailor who was so
tired of the sea. “Wages wouldn’t hinder
any. Profits are small, I know.”
Southward

109

  “As to that, it’s all a question of manage-
ment,” Zeesman beamed. “Leave that to
me—not a bad boat, as boats go—a two-
sticker—much better than she looks; stanch
life-boats and the right time of the year-”

  Amie could not be sure whether it was
Zeesman himself that winked or the dia-
mond. He did not care.

  Japes came out then. He wore a rather
red face from the exertion of regaling Culp
with a true example of Yankee indepen-
dence. The situation was explained for his
benefit. He exhibited no such eagerness as
had Arnie, but he had the natural seaman’s
ease of adaptation. Wherever Arnie went,
he went; only, in his case his money stayed
with him—or rather, in the bank where he
had put it.

  They sallied out to Zeesman’s office, a far
from agreeable place on a far from agreeable
street. The air of the room was out of keep-
ing with Zeesman. There an arrangement
was made—tentatively. Thence Arnie and
Japes struck out for the examiners’, and
after that for a bookseller’s—just to be on
the safe side. The examination was sched-
uled for the next day.

  Amie bought three books on the subject
of navigation and by the following morning
had entirely digested them, even to the
punctuation marks, which, to one who has
had no schooling past the fifth grade, be-
came the part of discretion. Precious little
the volumes did for him: he had not ob-
served ship-handling for seventeen years to
no avail—and he knew his “Huntley” back-
ward.

  The examiners grumblingly undertook to
set down this mild, blue-eyed fellow, gave
him one after another the full category,
scowled over his penmanship, stared hard
at the astounding accuracy of his answers,
gloomed at his unfamiliar but precise han-
dling of sextant and chronometer—and found
nothing to disqualify him.

  It was usual for applicants appearing be-
fore them to be nervous and bothered and
so unduly prone to error and confusion.
Arnie showed no nervousness at all—where-
by one might read his unassailable confi-
dence in himself, which was not strictly self-
confidence at all but a queer underrating of
all human knowledge. Neither he nor any-
body else had acquired sufficient learning to
be worth recounting, was his view of things;
hence that endless yearning that he knew no
means of satisfying.

' He was an idealist, and yet he knew no
ideal by which to guide himself; hence tke
habit—when the yeanung was strong within
him—to drink burning liquor that somehow
lifted him off the low plane of mortal intelli-
gence. He was abnormal, but he did not
know it. And his abnormality resulted only
in making him appear a very low type of
animal indeed.

  The examiners made nothing of him aad
gave him a master’s certificate because they
could do nothing else. Then and there they
determined to revise standards.

   Outside he was met by Japes, who asked
nothing about the examination, remarked
it was a fair morning and he had been down
having a look at the Jessica.

   “A weazly bottom she is, an’ none o’ the
likes o’ your sort,” whereto in a tone of em-
phasis he added, “sir.”

   His magpie eyes sparkled at this thought.
But since Arnie appeared to take no notice,
he grew owlishly earnest again.

   “I had the smell of ’er—from the water,
yuh mind—an’ she’s—she’s a wee mite over-
ripe.”

   “We’ll wash ’er down and give ’er a coat,”
Arnie told him. “She’ll get us to San Car-
los, to the yellow and green buoy. We’d be
seen there from the hotel.”

   Immediately he was lost in quite another
picture than that of a ship.

   Japes blinked, professionally shaken by
this speech.

   “But there’s the bringin’ of ’er back an’
the printin’ of ’er in the papers, an’ yer name
ez master—so’s a better vessel ’11 be wishful
of a skipper.”

   “Aye, the bringing of ’er back, and her
name—that’d be Sondheim,” mused Arnie;
“that’d be Sondheim. But you never cast
eyes on ’er, Japes—no.”

   “Wasn’t I jes’ glimpsin’ ’er?” puzzled

Japes. “Sondheim ye mought name-”

  “Come along! It’s a busy day.” Thus
did Amie cut him off.

  And truly it was a busy day, notwith-
standing that the ship was already loaded
and the hatches battened down, as Japes’
jabbering informed him, and the bill of
goods signed. Zeesman had even made some
start at collecting a crew, with the help of
the mate—an unclassifiable person with a
huge buckled nose swung a point or more to
larboard, a wide, bony frame on which his
sour-scented clothes hung straight and flap-
ping, a pair of blear eyes and a voice that
no

Adventure

sang wearily through his nose whose curves
encouraged a startling variety of sounds.
The mate’s name was Rose.

  “I gadder some more men an’ be wid you
quick,” he assured Arnie. “A cook you got;
odders iss easy. You got luck, Mr. Zees-
man.” Wherewith he departed.

  Arnie had scant time to consider what
companionship he was acquiring, so briskly
did Zeesman take him in hand and confront
him with papers galore: papers in regard to
the Jessica’s clearance, papers establishing
Arnie’s proprietary interest in the vessel,
papers—papers—papers. And as yet he
had not so much as seen the ship.

  But to the shrewd Yankee cook’s dismay
Arnie treated all this as essential inconse-
quence to be got over as expeditiously as
possible. He was embarking for San Carlos
as captain, and had it been necessary and
feasible he would have sailed’ a plank as
readily as a liner, just so his arrival as master
of it before the white-walled San Carlos
hotel was regularly attested.

  Zeesman appeared in fine humor and sev-
eral times clapped Arnie on the back.

   “I can tell a man first off,” he kept insist-
ing. “You’re the one for the job, Sondheim.
I’ve put all I have in this voyage. Our in-
terests are linked—and well covered; a
pretty sum I paid the underwriters; every
cent of our money absolutely protected.”

  He rubbed his hands, and now Arnie ob-
served for certain that not the huge diamond
alone but one of Zeesman’s coal-black orbs
winked solemnly.

  “I’m obliged to you, sir, for the chance,”
Arnie replied frankly. Out went his cupped
seaman’s hand. “I’ll bring ’er in if I have to
tow ’er myself.”

  Zeesman quickly intruded:

  “Yourself—yes, yourself—but nobody
else.” His tone became that of complaint.
“We can’t afford to pay salvage; remember
that. Do what you can—within reason.
We can’t fight every misfortune. The in-
surance is-”

  But Arnie understood little of the subject
of insurance. Honesty looked out of his
blue eyes as he said:

  “It won’t come to that. You can trust
me.”

  “Oh, I trust you; I trust you.” Once
again that eye of Zeesman’s winked. “The
men first, Sondheim—and yourself. I’m a
humane man. The ship is secondary.”

  All the way to the wharf and over the

gently rumpled waters of the bay Japes
meditated in profound silence over this con-
versation. But he said nothing to Arnie,
and Arnie sat in the stemsheets of the little
gig and grinned at the sunny world. Even
when the Jessica came fairly into view from
behind a huge steam vessel, the shrunken
size of her, the pitiable elderliness of her,
the lack of paint, the dejection of deck-
houses and spars—these and other mute
signs failed utterly to bother him. He was
captain—Captain Sondheim—El Capitdn
Arrrnie.

  The purring of that name in the Castilian
softness of Lelona’s tongue made music in
his ears, music of the spheres such as no
music-box could ever produce. Life meant
something; there was no room any more for
loneliness, for dismal survey of the aim of
existence. Japes saw the rich flush on his
face and was the gay-hearted lord of the
galley once more. He broke forth into song:

“Now tail on, ye whalers, ye hard-fightin’ sailors,

  An’ we’ll sing us a chantey of Jo-nah-.”

  Arrived at the Jessica’s side, he was up
the main chains in a jiffy and into the grimy
box of a galley where, his beloved vest
wrapped in paper and tucked out of harm’s
way, the dust began to fly and the sweat to
roll as he roared in all the might of his thin
chest the song of the Bering Sea fishers.

  By the time he had brought his domain to
order and come forth to draw some water,
Arnie had taken full stock of his new com-
mand, save for that deeply-stowed portion
below hatches; had set those of the crew
that had come aboard to slushing and house-
cleaning, and, having unfolded and perused
the long list of the cargo—which thereafter
he would never forget in any detail—was
engaged in the most meticulous inspection
of the ship’s stores, of the extra canvas and
spars in the loft, of testing and sorting, and
waiting for the mate to bring the rest of the
crew.

  Japes watched him go by and marveled
at the troubled air he wore. It was an un-
common thing for Arnie to be troubled; it
was the assumption of absolute responsibil-
ity, the little cook thought, and thereupon
that shrill voice bawled right sturdily the
optimistic twenty-second stanza of “Jonah”
so that Arnie might hear.

  But responsibility alone could not have
troubled Arnie; rather it woul<J have lifted
him, clear-browed, into a mood of unshackled
Southward

hi

ease. No, it was simply that the Jessica
lacked her complement of many sorts, car-
ried sails that were thin and rotted, must em-
ploy ropes bewhiskered by time, had sadly
warped decks and bitts budding out of them
that shook loosely when one kicked them—
these and other matters.

  He felt himself already facing difficulties
that Zeesman should know about. And yet
Zeesman had said there was no more money.
His explanation that Amie’s four thousand
dollars had gone into insurance and provis-
ions and advances to the crew and an end-
less catalog of other things was quite un-
derstandable.

  Rose came aboard bringing four more
hands of four sizes and colors and degrees of
ignorance. He had a large way, had Rose,
and he laughed as if he were sneezing when
Arnie called to his attention one need after
another.

  “Never you should fear, sir,” the mate
said. “Come a heavy vind, ve clew up an’
get pushed free of charge. Dey hold; dey
hold good. Dose boats—sure; dey is fine
boats. Look! See ’em! How you like dat
now? So good—sure!”

  Arnie watched him with a hint of his old
forecastle indifference at the intimation of
this speech. He thought it nothing less than
funny when this crude fellow suggested that
he was afraid for himself. He laughed sud-
denly—and he was the old Arnie that officers
found so difficult to comprehend. He
showed the lists.

  “I’d ought to have a look at the hold.
Open up the hatches.”

  At this Rose began to use his hands to
emphasize his objection. The hatches were
battened down—it was a tough job—as
mate he had done his work well.

  It ended in Amie’s call for jib and top-
sails to be shaken out and the anchor catted.
The response of the little vessel pleased him.
In short order they were in movement and
on the full swell of the mighty Pacific. Such
a Summer breeze rufiled them along as
might cool the brow of one who goes down
to the sea in dreams. The course was set,
the quartet of the starboard watch sent be-
low, and the Jessica slipped through a spark-
ling atmosphere on her way south, talking
to herself merrily, her smeary sails scorn-
fully repudiating their age, Japes sweltering
quite naturally again in his savory steam
and howling the anthem of the huskies in
mammoth content.

SOUTHWARD—southward—Arnie
paced beside the windward rail
and breathed the satisfaction of it
all deep into his lungs. They called him
“cap’n”; they answered him “Aye, sir!”
and “So she be, sir!” As a sweet undertone
in a majestic oratorio these sounds reached
him.

  Southward—that was the theme of the
piece! He felt an intense desire to stand all
day at the taffrail and cast the log. In a
while the broad strip of land had entirely
erased itself; in its place no angry clouds
gathered; the barometer held steady; the
waves slapped the vessel’s side, open-
palmed, as a horseman slaps the flank of
his mount. Southward-

  How wonderful a sensation anticipation
was! Days of figuring out just what would
happen, how he should land, where Lelona
would be—days of getting familiar with his
new position, growing into it, contrasting it
with the hard days that had gone by!
Seventeen years and more with nothing to
show for them—and a voice that whispered
how different it might be, and here he wasl
Whisky—bah!—the music-box in Jake’s
place—music-

  The mate recalled him to a practical out-
look by singing out, “Eight bells!” The Jes-
sica had no ship’s bell; the helmsman monot-
onously chanted the half-hours, and the
mate roared them after him. This termina-
tion of the watch he roared with especial
vehemence straight at Arnie; therefore
Arnie, not wishing to interfere with Rose’s
four hours of authority on deck, took the
hint and went below.

  He spent some time getting his bit of a
cabin into shape, so dirty and vile it was.
Arnie had smelt smells of every wretched
kind most of his life; he thought this one by
a slight margin the worst. But what was a
smell? What was a bad dream? It was just
a dream. He was in the midst of reality
now.

  At the foot of the companionwav, near
the table, he saw as he came out a card-
board box of fair size. It had not been there
when he inspected the ship before; conse-
quently he unknotted the strings and
turned up a flap. The thing contained bot-
tles short and thick, amber-hued, ruby,
tawny with the liquor in them, a few almost
black and all plainly marked. The mate
had brought them, then, when he brought
the last of the crew. A considerable outlay,
112

 Adventure

he adjudged, and more than one man could
conveniently down between San Francisco
and San Carlos. He spoke of it to the mate
later.

 “Mr. Zeesman’s good vishes,” Rose
bobbed. Again that sneezing sound. “Mr.
Zeesman hear you like dat to drink. Veil—
he do right; he good man; sure.”

  Amie said mildly:

 “Somebody told him a - lie. We’ll

dole it out in tots to the crew—with water.”
He gave the mate no chance to reply; he
had been reflecting over something else.

  “Kind of queer, Rose, the Jessica clearing
for San Carlos. ‘San Carlos,’ I says to Zees-
man. ' I don’t remember his saying any-
thing to that, but San Carlos was the port
on the paper. I never saw much shipping
there, either.”

  The mate hastened to assure him that
this was no coincidence. He said:

  “All dem ports iss de same down dere.
Want de same t’ings—all of ’em.”

  Amie nodded, disinclined toward argu-
ment. It was of no matter, aayway. What
did strike him as peculiar was coming on
deck that night to find the mate working
over the forecastle hatch cover to get it in
place again and hammering away at the
battens for all he was worth. Arnie went
forward and asked what it meant.

  “Veil, sir—” bang, bang, bang, and the
hatch nearly sea-tight again—“Veil, sir—I
vouldn’t have voke you, only when I go

lookin’ fer de soundin’ lead-”

  A stupid-faced grinning masthand heard
him and pointed and said:

  “She’s a-hangin’ on the mast, sir, tuh dry.

I never hear of a soundin’-lead as was-”

  “Douse my lights! I’m a unfortunate
man,” wailed the mate. “There, now.”

  At once Amie began to have doubts as to
the man Zeesman had given him for mate;
odd enough he had seemed at the first, and
now—searching in the hold for the lead. A
poor ship with a poor mate. No getting
one’s satisfactions lightly.

  But these doubts rested easily while the
weather continued fair and the wind strong
and steady off the quarter. Nine knots, he
reckoned the hourly speed, and even ten;
old sails, groaning stays strained audibly
but forgot none of their early pride.

 Two days—three—four—and the most
select conditions a sailor man knows: a
gently running sea, an even wind in which
the braces were hardly ever touched, a

speckled sky and not too harsh a sun. Be-
sides, Rose to all appearance understood his
business, could chart the course and hold it,
and kept the vessel tidy and trim. Arnie
lived through the hours as he had been wont
to five through the moments when the
whisky had him—with an almost foolish
smile on his face; for no such thing as this
could last; he would soon be waking up in
grim earnest.

  Japes joyed in the return to his killing
duties, also in the increasing tropical heat;
he sweated and bellowed sea-songs with
equal lustiness—until the fourth day. The
watches in turn and all of a group in the dog-
watches gathered before the bit of a galley
to observe him and to hear him, cutting off
the due of air, grinning delightedly as at the
finest show they had ever been permitted to
witness—until the fourth day. The very
ship sang, too, in all her parts for sheer glad-
ness of the adventure—until the fourth day.

ON THE fourth day at noon while
Amie aimed his sextant to make
eight bells, a tiny film of smoke came
out of a seam in the deck, curled upward and
was gone.

. Amie blinked his eyes and addressed him-
self to his reading. Close beside the main
hatch another bluish haze showed itself.
The wind destroyed it.

  “Eight bells!” Arnie roared, lowered the
instrument and rubbed his eye’s. Then with
all his might he stared at the boards,
frowned, shaded his gaze, started suddenly
as the phenomenon was repeated, and went
and brought the mate.

  “Funny t’ing,” muttered Rose. “Once I
see de wapor look like dat.”

  Despite the man’s obvious effort to appear
unmoved, into the skin of his face crept a
pastiness.

  The crew were beginning to gape. Amie
sprang into action.

  “Rip off the hatch cover!” he bawled.
But Rose’s steel grip clutched him.

  “Don’t do dat!” he jabbered. “Seal ’im
up! Keep de air out!”

  Arnie hesitated, and made his mistake.
The mate’s advice seemed sound. He called
for tarpaulins, extra sails, and had them
spread everywhere over the decks. With
that all trace of the haze disappeared. Sen-
tiently eager, prattling joyously, the Jessica

ran on southward—southward-

  The next morning the edges of the laid
Southward

113

canvas gave off a gray-blue mist. Arnie
watched it as in a daze; from his counte-
nance vanished the foolish boyish smile; in
its place came a hardness, a calculation.
Swiftly, without mental scratching, he com-
puted his position, settled the port of San
Francisco nearly a round thousand miles
astern and ordered the hatch uncovered.

  When it came off, it brought with it a
cloud of dark smoke that rose into the air
and did not thin but fetched after it more
and more and more. The crew became artic-
ulate; the mate swore in a foreign tongue;
Japes drew out of the galley, banging his
shins and apologizing to himself—and for
the first time went unnoticed.

  Arnie had ripped off his jacket, flung away
his cap; he was engaged in tying his hand-
kerchief over his mouth and nose. He called
for a rope and thrust the noose under his
arms. He mouthed a word to Rose and
dropped down into the hold. With his going
a vast hush spread over the ship.

 Minutes he remained below. Then a
sharp tug came at the rope. They pulled
him up, a coughing, limp-legged figure.
When he could find his breath:

  “The pumps!” he cried to them. “Hitch
’em up! Water—Give it to ’er!”

  His streaming eyes stared all about; at the
sea, at the sky. They danced—the sea and
the sky—golden-visaged in a swath of blue
and green; they mocked him. He dropped
down weakly, but his voice possessed spirit,
confidence.

  “She’s not in danger—we’ll have it out—
Call the watch, Mr. Rose. Four men to the
pumps. Bend on skys’l booms, sti’nsail

booms-”

  And as the vessel’s head yawed, “Hold ’er
steady!”

  “Steady it is, sir!” drifted from the wheel.
The watch tumbled out of the scuttle,
gaped momentarily and were hustled into
the rigging. The pumps began to clank.
Upon the crew the effect was much the same
as upon children. Astonishment, dismay
clipped the wings of their mentality. Ques-
tioning was for undisturbed times; in this
emergency they did not profess to think;
robbed of thought, they depended utterly
on the ship’s master. Arnie recognized this,
knew at once the fulness of his responsibil-
ity; nor did it frighten him.

  A great calm settled down upon him,
robed him in strength. He had no nerves
that were not his absolutely to command.

The ship was on fire and burning stoutly.
These people were in his keeping, their lives,
their hopes, their expectations. This ship
was in his keeping, Zeesman’s ship, Zees-
man’s all, Zeesman’s trust; and Zeesman
had been the one man to reach o'ut a hand
of understanding and friendship. There

was himself; there was Lelona—waiting-

  Clink-clank spoke the pumps. The hose
squirmed like a serpent rousing from a long
nap—a very long nap, indeed. Salt water
began to spit out of its mouth and run down
into the hatch. No sound stole upward
from the belching depths. Aloft a cry rang
out; bits of canvas took the breeze; the Jes-
sica gained headway and raced the laugh-
ing, dancing waves southward—southwardl
“Bring it up, lads! Bend your backs!”
shouted Arnie. “Give me a hold, and I’ll
show you.”

  Elbow to elbow with them he thrust down
and pulled up. The flow increased. A hiss-
ing told them how well they did. As quickly
as one man let go the handle and reeled
away another sprang to spell him. It must
be back-breaking labor. Arnie gave room
and came to the mate, stooping over the
hatch.

  “Oy, vould yuh see dat?” Rose howled at
him. “Black—my, my! It’s vurse vile I see
it! Ve couldn’t never do it! Ve’re doomed
men, Cap’n Sondheim!”

  Arnie measured him wrathfully, his mild
eyes seeing the quick-stealing fear in this
person who, next to him, held in his hands
the safety of so many, the preservation of
so much. Then men could be frightened
even by smoke!

  “Shut up! Take your turn at the pumps!”
He thrust him away sternly.

  Clink-clank! Clink-clankl
A new voice of the Jessica, a grating,
wheezing, tired voice! For four days it had
been a happy, piping, ardent voice, and
serene, auriferous peace in the tinseled light
of heaven. Serene, auriferous peace to fool
them while all the time this monster ate at
the Jessica’s vitals! And if one could turn
his eyes, stop his nose, clog his ears, that
same peace surrounded them now.

  The sea had not risen; the sky had not
darkened; the wind had not freshened; it
was unbelievable. Arnie felt ready to doubt
his sense, to put this strange happening
down as a mad hallucination such as the sea
sometimes provokes, a nightmare of no sub-
stance; presently he would wake from it.
H4

Adventure

Southward — and Lelona waiting there!

   All that day the voice of the pumps cried
out. Men came off to the galley and had the
fuel of life thrust at them by the chirping
spider of a cook who assured them it was a
fine day for the worst business and he
couldn’t object. They fell to scowling at
him when he talked so; from doing that, they
fell to cursing him.

  “Sho!” he remonstrated. “Such a catouse
I never did meet up with. A mite o’ fire—
well now! The victuals ’11 be better done
fer it, lads— Sakes alive, thet ’ere door an’
me we don’t conjingle.”

  He rubbed the bruised spot on his cheek
and smiled paternally.

  “Ain’t we sh’d know not a sparrow fall-
eth-”

  “Tuh-’ith sparruhs,” he was roughly

interrupted. “Grog, I says.”

   Late in the still night Arnie lay on his
back on the deck, gasping and watching the
stars showering blessings of peace, peace,
peace. He had flung back for a needed rest
from the terror of the pumps. Save only
, that rasping, horrid screech, stillness unut-
j terable lay upon the bosom of the deep.
Then out of that stillness quavered a thin,
labored, broken sound:

 “ ‘Some fo’csles I know,’ says Jonah, ‘I ’low
 Stunk wu3S than the guts o’ this critter.

   But the set o’ the gaff in this ’ere bloomin’ craft
   It don’t make my stomick tuh fit ’er-’ ”

  Japes—he knew by this—had surrendered
his sleep to pump with the others. And to
what end? With every retch of the hose a
stream of salt-water rushed into the bowels
of the vessel where with or without the aid of
the fire the heart of the enterprise, the valu-
able cases of cargo, must in a short time be
ruined. And that meant that Zeesman
must be ruined—San Carlos lay as far out
of reach now as a dream. And this dream

of his that— Port lights of- What right

had a fellow like him to be dreaming? He
was here to safeguard Zeesman’s ship and
Zeesman’s cargo. He struggled up, aching
—aching. With Japes toiling and singing

that way-

  He fell to upon the pump-handle, having
pushed some one blindly from that sweat-
smeared imstrument of agony. It was not
Japes, for Japes grinned cheerfully right
next his cheek and abandoned “Jonah” to
mumble for his private ear:

  “Thet ’ere mate ’11 bear a sight o’
watchin’, I cal’late. Keeps too nigh the

boats—drinks outlandish. Dunno ez he’s
tuh be trusted a-tall.”

  The mite of a fellow, refusing to give up,
collapsed in a while and had to be thrust
aside as if he were a sack of meal. Arnie
pumped through two shifts and then could
stand up no longer. And the stars paled,
and the day dawned about them.

  The Jessica had not her true buoyancy
now; low she rode in the water, all too slug-
gish to act right even in this light sea, Yet,
gorged with brilne though she was, the fire
had not been conquered; smoke curled out
of her continually. The worried grumbling
of the men, too, demanded some heartening
change. Therefore, Arnie ordered a rever-
sal of the activity, and a deal of the water
that had been pumped in was pumped out
again.	i(.

  By this time another day had dragged
past. The volume of smoke, neither more
nor less, issued forth every minute. Rose
trod the deck like a captive beast, muttered
to himself and at length came out plainly
for abandonment.

  “Ain’t she covered, hull an’ cargo?” he
reasoned. “Is it ve risk our life?”

 “Maybe,” Arnie answered him lacon-
ically, whereat Rose started. “Go batten
down and tar the seams. Make ’er air-
tight.” A light that Rose had not yet
learned to know gleamed in Arnie’s eyes.
“We’re sailing this vessel south, you and

   _ yy

me.

  Another night amid such hushed, start-
ling beauty as the tropics know—unsavory
incense wafted skyward—eight knots—nine
knots—and the tarred deck-boards grew
warm to the touch; the gray-blue haze kept
them gaunt company.

 Night and morning—noon and night.
The weather showed no sign of coming on
foul; its uninterrupted peacefulness began
to be uncanny; the sunlight danced upon
the skipping waves; the easy swell breathed
regularly; the parting foam tittered at the
ship’s bows; the slapping counter sounded a
satisfied chuckle.

  It was not soothing to the nerves, this
frivolous merry-making of a gambling ocean.
It was anything but that. It got under the
skin and back of the eyes; it worked evilly
upon the most hardened and unimaginative
of the ship’s crew; Arnie it victimized among
the first. He thought the elements laughed
at him, knowing better than he what was
going on deep down in the vessel’s bowels.
Southward

115

 He had known the sea to laugh and sing and
 beckon and wait until its patience was re-
 warded.

   The days were hot, hot; the decks were
 hotter. He watched the masts, fascinated,
 expecting confidently that they would sud-
 denly lean over, burned through at the butt,
 and bury them all in a hissing caldron.

   If only he had feared, as these others
 feared! The mate became a fidgetting autom-
 aton striding forward and aft, his feet stick-
 ing to the warm tar and smacking as he
 went. It was from him that the crew took
 their cue and let their doubts smolder to
 terror.

   For Arnie there was but anger at the
 destiny he could not solve, impotent hunger
 searching his spiritual vitals, with the means
 of satisfying his want growing every day
 more remote. The clamorous, perfidious
 voice of the rigging soughed in a dulcet tone:

   “Mio Arrmie—Capitan Arrrnie—I loook
 fair you’ sheep-”

   Maddened, he stared at the smoke, and
 when he could no longer stand it thus, he
 tore off the forecastle hatch cover, bawled
 for a rope and charged this buried enemy
 once again. When they had dragged him
 up and doused him with buckets of cold
 water, they did not understand the extra-
 ordinary look in his red-ringed eyes.
 Neither did he understand; a trembling had
 seized him; he gaped down into that vomit-

•	ing hole.

   “Boat-hooks! Rope and tackle! Get
 those cases up!” he astonished them.

   They made a wide berth for him, begin-
 ning to fear his mind touched. They rigged
 a sort of shears, nevertheless, and grappled
 for a hold. The mate came and thrust out
 his under lip and threshed his arms and
 cursed them and told them to belay. He
 was watery-eyed with drink, dangerous in
 his swinging arms. He swung at them when
 they persisted in obeying Arnie. And,
 drunk or not, he was cunning.

   “Vhat for?” he bellowed, lean, vicious.
 “Vhat for? Vould you stir it up?”

   They paused then, undecided. Amie or-
 dered him aside, and he shook his head. But
 one course remained, and Arnie lost not a
 moment in taking it. He leaped forward;
 the mate crouched. In a twinkling the con-
 test for mastery was on.

   The man, Rose, could fight. His lunges
 were terrible, his reach appalling. From out
 his buckled, larboard-swung nose his breath

whistled frightfully; a throaty language he
garbled as he fought. For ten minutes the
gutting fire was almost forgotten, almost of
no account. Amie bled at jaw and temple
and kept advancing; one cheek stood out
puffed and growing swiftly blackish blue.
In the end it was this unceasing advance
that told. Rose went down, sought to
scramble backward as he got up, flung out
a hand for support, caught Amie’s fist under
his chin and wallowed in the scuppers.

  “I snum!” said Japes. “Thet’s whaler
fightin’ in proper shape,” and went to see the
first case swung up on to the deck.

  The hoisting hands seemed not to exert
themselves at all. Another followed—and
another. Amie stood watching out of his
one undamaged eye while they were opened.
One held huge pieces of bent and rusted iron;
one contained bits of plaster and broken
lathing; out of the third poured a stream of
yellow sand. The crew easily absorbed the
completeness of the hoax and jabbered and
laughed and hauled up more. Amie was si-
lent; gray as chalk grew his visage; still
mute, he turned about and stared at the sea.
Comprehension made him sick; the sweat
started out on him. For a long time he
stood motionless except for a strange trem-
bling in his legs and arms. The little Yankee
cook stole to him presently.

“THERE be a ship on the sta’board
bow,” he said in his patient, sym-
pathetic fashion. “Want I should sig-
nal ’er?” Of them all he remained unaffected.

  “No,” said Amie. Hard as flint rang his
voice. “Clap on the hatch!” he commanded.

  They commenced a rumbling protest.
He stood over them until the passing ship
vanished still hull-down.

  “Pumps,” he cried.

  Fingers of flame shot up in full sight
through the rakishly deposited hatch cover.

  “Off with it! Pump for your lives! Turn
to or you’re dead men!”

  A wild figure he was then. At bay before
the world he stood. Zeesman had done this
—Zeesman had betrayed him—and he was
tired—tired—tired in the attempt to save
Zeesman’s cargo! Zeesman and Rose!
What a fool he had been! But not such a
fool as Zeesman had hoped. He would take
the ship in—aye, if only three sticks of her
held together! He would take her in, burn-
ing, in flames, every board crackling under
him! He was captain—El Capitdn Arrrnie.
ii6

Adventure

 His money was lost—every cent. He
would see that it was lost; the Jessica would
make port, and the little parchment-faced
official of San Carlos with the greasy hair
would come out at his signal aad witness the
truth and send back word—aye, he saw it
mow; another man had been smarter than
he; but that was nothing, for he had been a
fool. But fool or not, it did not occur to
him to be a knave-

  Fingers and tongue of flame where before
had been leisurely drifting smoke—the tar
bubbling and defiling the air—ignorant,
cowed men crowding back—back—the sear-
ing, stupefying blow of his discovery passed
slowly, was beaten down and conquered,
just as it had beaten down and conquered
the crying exhaustion of the last three days.
In among them he strode, grinning in his
bitterness of spirit.

  “We’ve found it now, mates!” That was
his word to them. “For’ard, the whole

-of it for’ard of the bulkhead! Pump!

What are yuh ’fraid of? Strike up a tune,
Joe—that’s the jack! Right under your fists!
Hark to it hiss, will you?”

  He set the fashion by stripping to the
waist. A crew were no better than their
captain, he had always maintained. And
the fighting desire gripped him now as it in-
variably did when the odds became too
great to measure. Hitherto he had fought
the elements alone; against him in this hour
ranged the most terrible of all elements and
human cunning—terrific odds!

  And the stakes was life; not life as the
cowering crew saw it; not the grinding out
of the days. Lelona! He was bidding for
her at four thousand dollars. He minded
not a bit paying such a price; his bitternesss
came of quite another matter. Amie’s
idealism had received a jolt; cause enough
for bitterness. It rankled in his heart and
whipped him along—but there was Lelona!
Grimly he pitted his resources, physical and
mental, against that devouring flame. With
the ship under him, Lelona was his; without
it, the old story.

  The little handful of men caught and re-
flected the intensity of his purpose. Fear-
stricken they were and, for a time, easy
marionettes. Naked arms and backs glis-
tened and ran; the sound of panting vied
with the hissing and the roaring in the hold.

  Japes, who scorned to announce how well
he had foreseen this disaster, scurried from
galley to pumps and dragged himself, too

weary to sing, back to the galley again "it
was his doing after all that these shaken
men kept to their stern, unequal task.
Arnie felt the little man’s nobleness like a
magnetic, invigorating handshake.

  And the night that Rose deserted, making
away in the starboard boat while the crew
strained at their labor and watched, Arnie
could never have held them. But this bob-
bing homunculous with the emaciated face
gripped the pump-handle and panted of the
whaler’s grit and of husky arms that saw it
through, and soon they were bawling:

“Who guv’ us the art o’ the bold whaler’s heart?
W’y, Jonah—ol’ son-of-a-sea-cook-”

  But after that night Arnie knew he could
not trust them, with the mate’s astound-
ing example glaringly vivid in their minds.
He hardly dared close his eyes for fear they
had snatched the moment to steal the port
boat—for the fire did not die as he had
promised it would; it leaped up higher and
higher; it licked at the mast and set it
blazing; it bounded incredibly and snipped
stays in two.

  The worst sight was the conflagration of
the staysail in a terrible roar.

  Fighting fatigue became a grimmer enter-
prise than fighting the fire. And when Arnie
would take a turn below to work out his
reckonings, there before him stood what
was left of Zeesman’s shrewdly conceived
gift—the red and amber and tawny bottles.
He found himself reaching for them some-
times, to take his tot of grog along with the
men who could not have continued without
stimulant. To keep awake—to keep awake!

  Came a time when in his anguish the hot
tears fell; when that was over, he carried the
bottles on deck and mumbled through his
dry, caked lips that they were prizes to be
worked for—the best man on the pumps—
A heart-tearing relief shook him then. He
peered, half-blinded with grime and smoke,
at his wretched hands and arms and heard
the drumming top-hamper coo, “Nex’ tam’
when you come-”

  And at length, when the burden of water
in the hold dragged down the vessel’s head
and she would not steer, and the laughing
sea seemed very sure it had won, and the
forward deck lay charred and ready to
crumble, the fire began to lose way, to show
more and more smoke, and blistered feet
could stand with less pain the feel of the
boards. Two days more, and the reek of salt
Southward

117

ashes turning cold came stronger than the
nauseating tar scent. Yawing, plunging,
rolling, the Jessica stumbled to port.

IT SEEMED to Arnie he had never
looked upon so wondrous a sight be-
fore as this white and green hillside
above the roadstead of San Carlos Harbor.
The crew gloomed from the rail like black-
birds on a fence surveying a harvested field.
What could it mean to them? But Arnie
flung away his crying need of sleep, dis-
carded the last remnant of? bitterness
toward Zeesman and fumbled blunderingly
at his jacket buttons. His voice that called
for the boat to be lowered he did not recog-
nize. The foolish boyish smile lit his hag-
gard face. He had forgotten how to be
calm.

  Ashore on the disreputable street of the
town he found the port official and sent him
out to the ship. His duty was done; his
pulses thumped as he made up the ascent
to the broad-rambling hotel. The purple
bougainvillea lifted its bloom for him to see.
Over gnarled tree-trunks streamed the love-
vine.

  In at the kitchen door he looked, a bit
tremulously. Lelona was not of those he
saw, although they fetched him snapping
glances and seemed to recall him. He went
around to the front and into the cool, spa-
cious lobby. He started, so suddenly did she
appear in the center of his gaze. His cheeks
burned all in an instant. Behind the desk
she sat, her hands to her hair, a solitary,
stirring picture.

  He went toward her, the old-time grin
lighting his face, the dare-devil Arnie en-
deavoring to show through the hard-used
eyes, the smoke-chapped mouth. She per-
ceived him advancing and bent an apprais-
ing gaze upon him. Her dusky, impelling
eyes recognized him; her eyelids went up.
She nodded, smiling faintly.

  “A long time, Lelona,” he said. “Got
tired of looking for me, maybe. I made it,
though. You knew I would, eh? Captain
Sondheim of the ship Jessica.”

  “So?” she answered politely. His grin
grew less assured. “Ah, diablo—how you
look! Ugh! You haf faunee smell.”

  She wrinkled her nose and laughed in the
music of a bell. She said more, while he
stood mute and bewildered by the manners
she had acquired, the impersonal coolness
of her voice:

  “I rrremembair now—you’ nam’ eet—eet
ees—Arrrnie-”

  She seemed proud of her ability to recall
him.

  He scarcely knew what to say; he seemed
bereft of words, dazed. He blurted: “Come
outside, Lelona, and see my ship. No kid-
ding, Lelona; I’m captain.”

  She went with him, rather reluctantly, as
if ships were a very common sight—as, in-
deed, they were, and the sailors from them,
and captains, too. He waited for her to
speak when he had pointed out the Jessica
lying visible below them. But she did not
speak at first; she laughed—and the laugh
was new to his ears; it jarred his sensibili-
ties, brought his face flaming.

  “You’ sheep?” she exclaimed then. “Ah,
no; not a sheep, a—w’at you say—a lug-
gair.”

  And she laughed again. He laughed with
her as best he could. His heart felt con-
tracted. He began to know how tired—
tired he was.

  Still, he conquered the tiredness, wrestled
with it and won. He seized her hand and
patted it. He would have kissed her then
and there, but she modestly avoided him,
and he understood how womanly she had
grown.

  They talked for a while, she so much more
the lady than he could comprehend. But he
perceived with a fair mind that she was
right; that there were captains and captains,
depending upon their ships. Had he not
himself had doubts of Zeesman’s diminutive,
antiquated craft? Yet somehow he felt
crushed and vaguely ashamed. She had
expected more of him than he had accom-
plished, and where on all the coast could he
find the vessel that she and he might glory
in?

  Stunned by this latest whim of Fate, he
wandered out on to the hillside where the
deep, gloomy shade of the shaddock bent
above him, dripping the heavy, languorous
scent of the tropics. Somewhere in a remote
dell he dropped down and tried to think.
There, like a child that has played himself
out, he fell asleep.

  When he woke, the day was almost spent.
Picking up his cap, he trudged back to the
shore. They saw him and sent a boat.
Japes welcomed him on deck like a jack-in-
the-box. His thin face was one huge weary
beam of pride.

  “She’s yers!” he cried. “Zeesman ain’t
118

Adventure

fith

Charles

Jackson

tuh be found. He’s skipped out. She’s
yers fer four thousan’!”

 The little cook was near to splitting with
 pride. His eyes dwelt on Arnie adoringly.

“Cap’n an’ owner o’ the ship—what
say?”

 “I said,” Arnie repeated, taking in ex-

 pressionlessly the subject of this gleeful an-
 nouncement, “I said, not a ship, Japes—a

lugger.”

Japes blinked, monkey fashion. He by no
means grasped the significance of this de-
tail. But then, Japes was not one who went
down to the sea in dreams.

                   o	hr

Author of “High Trail and Home Trail,” “What the Old Horse Died Of,” etc.

“^T'^UT we buried somebody!” gasped
' I,/ Mollie. “I went to the funeral
■ myself. If it wasn’t Archie,
then who was it?”
f “Smith,” responded Colonel T. Sambola
Tunk, imperturbably. “A person named
Henry Perkins Smith, I have discovered,
reposes in the family vault where the Tunks,
seh, of six generations sleep in peace.”

  “Oh, Lawdy!” murmured Captain Archi-
bald, stretching out his legs luxuriously to
the sunshine. '“Smith can have it, cunnel!
With all due respect to the family tradi-
tions and all, don’t save any hole up there
for me! Mollie and I—after she got over
the fright of having me walk in the house
alive and kickin’—went up and inspected
the last resting-place of the Tunks, and
leave it to me if I ever start any family
buryin’-vault I want a few jazz accompani-
ments. Only cheerful thing we saw were
two little chameleons doin’ a shimmy right
on top the stone slab where you put this—
er—Smith.”

  “They seemed just glad that it wasn’t
Archie,” said Mollie with a glance at the
tall cousin. “Racing around, intoxicated
with joy.”

  “Ma’am?” inquired Colonel Tunk. “Oh,
yes—lizards! Nobody minds ’em up there.”
“Say,” broke in Captain Archibald sud-
denly. “When you shipped this Smith
person home from the Baltimore hospital,
and pulled off this bang-up funeral, thinking
it was me, what did the preacher say in his
sermon, anyhow?”

  “It was, seh, a most worthy and beautiful
tribute to you. He alluded to you, seh, as a
bright and _ shinin’ example of virtue
and-”

  “Didn’t allude to your last year in col-
lege,” giggled Mollie, “or the time you and

Bill Calloway-

  “Soft pedal—soft pedal, Mollie,” pro-
tested the captain. “I reckon I should have
stayed in Armenia with the relief com-
mission, or been buried at home with all
these here beautiful tributes, instead of-
Half-Pint Smith

119

turnin’ up for this unholy resurrection. It
was Bill Calloway who cabled home in the
first place that I had passed on, but I cabled
a denial.”

  “We never got it!” cried Mollie. “Did we,
colonel?”

  “Never, seh,” responded Colonel Tunk,
detachedly; “sut’iny not.”

  “It’s been a dreadful year for funerals in
the family,” continued Mollie. “First
Granduncle Eli Tunk passed away at Hot
Springs and the colonel had to go and ar-
range for bringin’ him back. Then Cousin
Murray died ’way out in Oregon and
Colonel Tunk had his remains shipped all
the way home. Then he heard you had
been invalided back from Armenia and died
in Baltimore and he gave you the most
touching burial ever held in Mississippi
City——”

  “Smith,” corrected Captain Archie
solemnly and he picked up a four-dollar
fiddle which Uncle Jasper had left on the
steps and sawed out a doleful dirge.

  “Ain’t I some ghost, though? Wait ’till
I breeze around town and see these folks
that wept at the touchin’ tribute. But
Smith—what’ll all the old grannies say
about Smith?”

  “I, seh,” answered Colonel Tunk grandly,
“have already anticipated that. I thought
it best to make the explanations. I went to
Editor Caswell of the Bugle and furnished
him a brief summary of the—er—facts. As
to Smith, I am already trying to trace the
mistake of the Baltimore hospital people
through Gove’ment channels.”

  “They mix up some guys something aw-
ful. Was Smith in the service?”

  “A civilian employe on war work, seh.”
  “Get any trace of his folks?”

  “Not yet, seh.” Colonel Tunk waved
his hand again with grandeur to indicate
that he alone was entirely equal to the
affair and that the word of a Tunk sufficed
against a world of meddlers.

  “All right,” murmured the captain. “I
ain’t earin’ so long as it isn’t me. Gosh,
no!”

  And he proceeded to saw off on the fiddle
and sing something that old Mandy in the
kitchen recognized with reassuring delight
as of old plantation days.

     Snakes in his whisky, frawgs in his beer—

     The old man died with a rag in his ear;

     The rag fell out an’ the breeze blew in,

     An’ the old man took to drink agin!

  Mollie shook out her skirts and departed
vigorously.

  “Well, you can drive around to the Cole-
man’s and pick me up, Archie,” she called.
“I’m just crazy to see what people say about
it. You never did turn up in this com-
munity since your freshman days without
raisin’ some kihd of rumpus, but this is the
limit, after all that hero stuff. You ought
to have seen the floral anchor that the
Coleman girls sent you!”

  “Anchor nothin’,” retorted Archie; “why
didn’t they make it a corkscrew? I never
could stand sea travel—sick as a pup all the
way from Bordeaux.”

  And when Miss Mollie had gone Archie
continued to sit on the step, gaze up the
hill at the ancient burying-vault of the Tunk
family, and draw most awful yowls and
groans out of the four-dollar fiddle.

  Colonel Tunk looked at his nephew
cryptically. Archie went on with his
fiddling. As far as Captain Archibald
Tunk, recently of the Armenian Relief
Commission, was concerned the incident
was closed. He ought to be satisfied.
Never, alive and fiddling, could Archie hope
to win the encomiums that were lavished
on him supposedly sealed up fine and tight
in a lead casket; and as for Smith, an ordi-
nary person like Smith could never aspire to
enter the first families of Mississippi City,
Mississippi, save as he had done, feet first
via the Tunk mausoleum.

  “Mollie’s going to get the Bugle account
of my buryin,” mused Archie. “She says
now I got to live up to what Reverend T. A.
Bascom said about me in his sermon.”

  “He was eloquent, seh, over your

remains-”

  “Ree-mains? Go easy on this ree-mains
stuff! Any time, cunnel, I ain’t able to turn
up and lug along my own ree-mains why
I’ll go up the hill and tell Smith to move
over and quit pullin’ the kivers. And what
you goin’ to do about Henry Perkins Smith?
Suppose they have you pinched for kid-
nappin’?”

  “Who, seh?”

  “The Smith family.”

  “The world, seh, is full of Smiths. That
is why, seh, I chose—” Colonel Tunk
checked himself slowly and pulled at his
white mustache. “Well, I suppose, Archi-
bald, seh—I should make a little dis-
closure.”

  “Hey?”
120

Adventure

  Archibald ceased fiddling and sat up.
Colonel T. Sambola Tunk rarely made dis-
closures. What a Tunk of Mississippi
City, Mississippi, deigned to impart to the
world never came as a confidence but as a
fiat.

  “I feel, seh, that the mystery of Henry
Perkins Smith can never be fully cleared
up. Already it seems enmeshed in Gove’-
mental red tape by certain officious officials
at Washington, seh; and it is beneath the
dignity of a Tunk, seh, to enter into con-
troversy over such an unfortunate matter.”
“Yes, but there are a million Smiths in
the United States, and suppose somebody
turns up and claims Henry Perkins
and-”

  Colonel Tunk cleared his throat and
straightened his string tie. One might say
that gobs, oodles of disaster were yanked
out of the abyss into which he had con-
signed Smith by this young man and
dumped down upon the serene path which a
Tunk should travel.

  “I might say, Archibald, in passin’, to
relieve your mind, that nobody ever will
claim this H. P. Smith; and as I state in
my communication to the Bugle, the Tunks
will extend to this po’ unfortunate, un-
claimed stranger the utmost hospitality
that the family buryin’-vault affords. The

Tunks-”

  “Oh, my Aunt Jerusha!” murmured
Archie. “Nobody gives a whoop! The
point is that this poor devil—and anyhow,
how do you know that no one’ll ever claim
his ree-mains?”

  “Because, seh—by January first there
won’t be any.”

  “Be any? What are you drivin’ at,
kunnel?”

  “Smith, seh, is'a myth.”

  “What?”

- “Smith, seh, is a subterfuge I confess I
invented. Picture, seh, a mind perturbed
and desperate, a soul eaten out with sorreh
and despair, confronted, when you came
back suddenly, with the necessity of de-
ceit.”

  “Great guns, kunnel!” Archie arose
suddenly, laying down the four dollar fiddle
to gaze at his uncle as at one demented.
“What do you mean? No Smith? Who
the mischief did you bury then, seein’ it
wasn’t me?”

  “You, seh, also were a—a pretext. You,
seh, seemed perfectly safe and secure, bein’

as the report had come of your demise
months ago, and I merely had to make a
sorrehful pilgrimage No’th to bring back
your—remains. You, seh, invalided home
and passin’ away in Baltimore, when as a
matter of fact you had returned to Armenia
or Babylon or somewhere, without com-
municating with us, seh.”

  “Blessed if I knew they still thought I was
dead! I was ordered back abroad on short
notice and Mollie never got my wire.”

  “Yes, seh, you seemed perfectly safe and
reliable. I, seh, it must be admitted,
neve’ journeyed to Baltimore on that sad
mission. I was in Frankfort, Kentucky,
with my old friend, Judge Bleeker, seh, on a
matter of business. A situation, seh—I
might say, a dilemma—confronted us both

suddenly-”

 “Bleeker!” Archie sat down and
whistled. “Old Judge Bleeker and you!
Well, I guess—just grabbin’ around at
clues and suspicions and surmises—that,
somehow, it has to do with liquor!”

  “Seh,” Colonel Tunk extended an arm
loftily. “In the present fanatical and ex-
cited state o’ public feelin’ in this county,
and with Miss Mollie president of the local
Anti-Liquor League— Hush!”

  “Old Bob Bleeker,” mused Archie.

“Well, I’m a son-av-a-”

  “Your remains, seh,” continued Colonel
Tunk placidly, but with a keen look around,
“came back in half-pint bottles. Your
hermetically sealed casket, I can relate with
satisfaction, held just two bar’ls of half-pint
bottles, packed in excelsior; and they came
over the State-line and into this county,
where the vandals watch every automobile
road and express-office with fiendish assi-
duity, with perfect safety and dispatch.”
“Me!” yelped the ghost feebly. “Two
bar’ls of half-pint bottles!”

  “Twelve-year-old Bourbon, seh. It may
be a source of pride to you, Archibald, to be
the best whisky that I eve’ was able to im-
port since this glorious but fanatical re-
public made it a crime fo’ a gentleman to
take his little jigger every mawnin’. Your
Granduncle Eh Tunk, seh, who passed
away a decade ago at Hot Springs, was
brought back to the family plot last May
but the best he afforded was seven-year-old
stuff; and as for your cousin Murray, he
came back to repose among his forebears
with no mo’en sixteen gallons of mountain-
corn liquor to assuage and soften the
Half-Pint Smith

121

sorrehs of the last remainin’ membeh of the
Tunk family.”

  “Cunnel!” gasped Archie. “You mean
to say you got away with it?”

  “Slowly, and with reverent hands, seh,
I been lookin’ up the family mortuary
records and bringing each prodigal son
home to rest where he’ll do mo’ good than
merely run up bills from the undertakers.
As to you, Archie, you seemed perfectly
safe—perfectly. Mournin’ fo’ you as I did,
I didn’t see why you should rest far away
and alone in a Gove’ment cemetery. And
when you turned up, seh, joyful as I was to
greet you, I was beset with the knowledge
that I had to have somebody in that family-
vault to avert curiosity. Seh, that explains
Smith, and allows me to give out what info’-
mation I wish to the world concernin’
him.”

 “Smith—Smith,” murmured Captain
Archie. “Seems like I heard that name
before—H. P. Smith. Poor old Smith—
Henry P. Smith. No wonder Mollie and I
saw those, two little chameleons doin'
hootchy-kootchies over his slab! Maybe
they each had a nip—communing with
the spirits, as it were; and realizing what I
do about the Tunks, it’s my opinion, cunnel,
that instead of dust to dust, as the Scrip-
tures have it, our ancestors are more apt to
turn to sour mash.”

  “Seh,” said Colonel Tunk loftily, “as the
last remainin’ male descendent of the family,
you should speak with mo’ respect for yo’
ancestors.”

  “I respect them as connoisseurs of hard
liquor all right! Even if the service did
teach me to be a total abstainer. But
think of old Dr. Bascom preaching that
touchin’ sermon over a pine box full of
Bourbon! And Cousin Mollie president of
the county -Anti-Liquor League! Say,
cunnel?”

  “Seh?”

  “Suppose Smith turns up?”

  “Impossible, seh!”

  “The world’s full of ’em. Suppose the
Government Bureau claims these here ree-
mains. You better step careful, old plot-
ter! I’m going to get the car out and run
out to the Coleman place for tea, and fill up
these ree-mains of mine on beaten biscuit
and cold ham, Southern style. Think of
that blamed musty old buryin’-vault.
Ow! It makes a hole in my stomach when
I reflect on it!” u

HTHE ghost uprose and dusted his
trousers. Colonel Tunk watched
him crank up the car and depart
down the county-pike. Then he sighed
and went to mix himself a toddy on the
back-stairs, after which he dropped an
empty half-pint bottle behind the wainscot.
When he passed out, Mandy winked wisely
as she went about the dinner preparations.
She didn’t know where Colonel Tunk got it,
but his little jigger turned up every morn-
ing and twice thereafter during the day.
Even the suspicious Miss Mollie, now and
then, knew that spirits pervaded the back
regions of the ancestral house, but that it
was Henry Perkins Smith taking a little
resurrection each day under the colonel’s
chaperonage never crossed her mind.
Mollie merely winked to herself also.

  Needless to say, the advent of Captain
Archibald Belden Tunk, late of the Ar-
menian relief work, and before that of the
Argonne trenches, into the countryside
homes of all the nice girls he knew, excited
a sensation. As a ghost Archibald was an
instant success. When the Bugle appeared
with its congratulatory column containing
a dignified interview with Colonel T. Sam-
bola Tunk himself, which set forth briefly
how the unfortunate mistake was made in
Baltimore and a total stranger was interred
in the private family-vault, Archie backed
into a corner and threw up his hands:
“Blessed if I know! Don’t ask me! I
was the dead one, wasn’t I? As for this
Smith—poor devil—never heard of him
before! Anybody mind if I take a little
more of that shrimp salad? Since I came
back from the Great Beyond, I got an
appetite like a whale!”

  “Anyhow, you’re much nicer,” com-
mented Edith Coleman. “You and Bill
were the village cutups before the war.
You’re rather mellowed now.”

  “Aged in wood,” retorted Captain Tunk
darkly. “Five months in the family-
tomb’ll sober anybody; er—come to think
of it, maybe it wouldn’t in our family!”

  And the Tunk ghost grinned wisely and
took a partner for a dance.

  It was on the way home that Cousin
Mollie burst out with a confidence:

  “Archie, what do you think we did,
Edith and I? We thought it was awful
about Smith. Perhaps somewhere there’s
a family waiting and watching in vain for
news of him. I can appreciate it after those
122

Adventure

dreadful months when we thought you had
been killed. Edith has a friend who’s con-
nected with the War Department at Wash-
ington, so we wrote him a letter all about
Smith, and couldn’t they trace his people.”
“What?” gurgled Archie. “Oh, no! Let
Smith rest in peace!”

  “But his family. Even the worst news is
better than-suspense.”

  “Family! Why he—his family—it’s con-
traband—outlawed—impossible!”

  “What on earth is the matter with you?”
“I—” Archie felt of his Adam’s apple and
swallowed it hurriedly. “See here, Mollie!
For the honor of the Tunks—for decency’s
sake and everything—you cut this out,
now! I tell you, cut it out! That fool
Bugle editor wired this yam out everywhere
it seems, and it—it’s a nation-wide sensa-
tion. There may be a million dog-gone
Smiths who left home and never came back,
and maybe about forty relations will claim
these ree-mains!”

  “Well, suppose they do? They’re en-
titled to ’em, aren’t they?”

  “Gosh, no! You—you’ll start a riot,”
faltered the captain. “You and the Cole-
man girls let this Smith business alone.
He—he and me—our ree-mains, as it were—
kind o’ mixed up by that fool Gove’ment
red-tape, but we’re both happy. Smith,
he’s gone to his reward and me, I’m full of
sandwiches and things; but don’t stir those
bureaucrats in Washington up to digging
into our mortuary records. The cunnel,
poor old codger, ’11 be pained and grieved.
He’s been going up there every day putting
flowers on my grave with reverent hands,
and Smith can’t kick; nor any of his family.
You girls let the cunnel settle this business.”
“But he can’t now. Because Edith Cole-
man got a letter right back from her to-
day, and she wrote the sweetest, dearest
letter thanking everybody! Seems that
they located her the very first thing!”
“Who? What?”

 “His widow. Mrs. Henry Perkins
Smith.”

  “Help!” yelled the captain, dodging a
mud-hole dizzily. “Widow! Oh, no!”

  “She did! Said she had heard of Colonel
Tunk’s beautiful care for her dear husband’s
remains, and what a grand man he was and
everything; and she’s coming here to thank
him personally and everything.”

  Captain Archibald Belden Tunk stopped
the car just as it turned in the avenue

among the ancestral oaks. The big house
was dark, but his headlight cast a ray of
light far up the hill under the magnolias
upon the ancient tomb of the Tunks of
Mississippi City, Mississippi.

  “Mollie, you didn’t! You’re crazy, and
so’s Mrs. Smith! This guy you buried, he—
well, she—Mrs. Smith is a—mistaken.
That’s all. We don’t want any widda
snoopin’ around here after him. She’d be

a-nuisance, and the cunnel, he—he’s

got kind o’ attached to Smith now. Puttin’
flowers on his slab and everything. The
poor old cunnel has kind o’ run out of an-
cestors now, and he’d like to hang onto this
H. P. Smith a while. Did she say she
wanted to remove these—ree-mains?”

  “Of course she wants to. Their family
home is in Cincinnati.”

  Archie helped her out by the garage.
“Cincinnati me eye! She’s mistaken,
that’s all. I wish that I had stayed in Ar-
menia or Hades or somewhere out o’ sight!”
“Archie, what in the world is the matter
with you? It’s perfectly plausible, but
you talk like a lunatic. If you hadn’t
sworn off in the Army, I’d think you’d been
drinking!”

  “It’s Smith,” gulped Archie dismally,
“and this widda—I’ll bet she’s some old
battle-ax that’ll worry the cunnel into his
grave.”

AND it was the following morning
that Mandy, coming in from the
R. F. D. box on the county road,
laid by Colonel Tunk’s breakfast plate a
square black-margined envelope. Mollie
and Captain Archibald saw it simultane-
ously. Cousin Mollie had just seated her-
self and no opportunity had presented itself
yet to tell Colonel Tunk the news.

  Now she rested her dimpled chin on her
white hands and watched expectantly.
Across from her the ghost from Armenia
dug widly down in his egg-cup. It wasn’t
until, watching covertly, he saw Colonel
Tunk’s hand tremble as he read the missive
that Archibald glanced up guiltily.

  Then abruptly Colonel T. Sambola Tunk
arose and strode. They saw him disappear
wordlessly behind the back stairs. Pres-
ently came a curious gurgle, a gentle fall
behind the wainscot. After that it was so
still one could have heard a cork drop.

  “There goes a half-pint,” murmured
Archie absently.
Half-Pint Smith

123

  ‘'A—what?” said Mollie staring after
the colonel’s retreat.

  “Er—Smith. It’s that widda, my dear
coz. Got the cunnel all upset. Here she
comes hornin’ into this business, tryin’ to
separate the cunnel from his good departed
friend, Smith.”

  “Well, why in the name of all that’s silly
shouldn’t she?” Mollie was round-eyed
with indignant interest. “Why should the
colonel feel upset over the removal of the
remains of a man he never saw or heard of
until five months after he buried him by
mistake in the family-tomb?”

  “That’s it.”

  “What?”

  “Movin’ Smith. He might—jingk”
“What’s the matter with you, anyway,
Archie? Jingle?”

  Archie uprose and waved his napkin
feebly.

  “Never mind. Poor old cunnel!” and he,
too, went out the back way.

  He found Colonel Tunk reading again the
Widow Smith’s daintily written and feel-
ingly worded note of gratitude. If a pint-
size ghost of Henry Perkins Smith had sud-
denly appeared and blown up suddenly
until he was the size of the Tunk back
pasture lot, Colonel Tunk could not have
looked more abysmally flabbergasted.

  “Seh!” he whispered, and extended the
letter silently.

  “Never mind,” said Archie reassuringly,
“there ain’t no such animal as the Widda
Smith so why be scared of her?”

  “She says so, seh!”

  “That’s all right. Take her in, cunnel.
Entertain her; lad the old girl along until
we see some way out. Says she must at
least lay a wreath of immortelles on his
grave. Say, what she ought to bring is a
basket of" mint. I’ll hook some sugar,
cunnel, and we’ll hold a service for Smith
that’ll bring five generations of Tunks out
of their tombs upstanding.”

  “Seh, this woman must not be allowed on
the place.”

  “You try to stop her and she’ll raise a
row and only attract more notoriety to this
mixup. And you know what the penalty
is in this State for shippin’ in booze, to say
nothing of the Federal amendment. No,
you got to soothe the widda’s feelin’s and
assuage her grief.

  “If she’s got a missin’ husband named
Henry Perkins Smith, why you can’t go

ahead and deny it now. Any more pub-
licity about it and the coroner or some-
body’ll want to open up that casket. Old
Omar Khayyam said he wanted to be buried
so that every unbeliever passin’ by would
lick his chops, but he couldn’t do it in these
States under the dry amendment, cun-
nel.”

  “Never mind Omar, seh. This Smith
woman arrives tomorrow, but as a matter
of fact she writes like a lady.”

  “You better go meet her at the train and
keep her away from the hotel. The one
best bet for you, cunnel, is to avoid people
talkin’. Some fool coroner or health officer
or somebody may go to buttin’ in if the
Widda Smith is allowed to tell her troubles
around town. You got to persuade her to
let friend Smith stay right where he is.
You got to be her sympathetic friend,
cunnel, with a heart that bleeds every time
you think of her bereavement.

  “Tell her that her H. P. Smith does honor
to the Tunks, lyin’ there so still among ’em.
I’ll loan you my funeral sermon, cunnel, and
you can read it to her and I’ll join in and
we’ll all weep together. Why if that missin’
husband of hers, who was shipped some-
where from a Baltimore hospital, accordin’
to her letter, never turns up, we’re all fine
and happy. Buck up, cunnel!”

  Colonel Tunk sighed heavily and went into
the house. He refused to be heartened; and
besides, he reflected, if this nephew of his
had only stayed in Armenia, this Widow
Smith Nemesis wouldn’t be camping on his
trail. Colonel Tunk feared all widows,
and one who wrote him with the gratitude
that Mrs. Henry Perkins Smith voiced in
her letter was doubly dangerous. She’d
hang on his shoulder, perhaps, at the tomb
and weep through his linen coat and sob
out the virtues and endearments of Henry,
the departed.

  “I must he, seh, like a gentleman, and a
bootlegger,” he reflected.

  And it was with all his lofty equanimity—
on the outside at least—that Colonel Tunk
set forth on the delicate mission of meeting
Mrs. Henry Perkins Smith. The colonel
abhorred gas-wagons, so, arrayed in his best
linen trousers and black mohair coat, he set
forth in the surrey which he had purchased
the year of the Cotton Exposition; with
Hogjaw, his best-mannered field-hand,
driving. From the rear seat Colonel Tunk
waved to Mollie and the captain, who were
I24

Adventure

setting off for a round of golf at thfe counl*^
club grounds.

  “Arckie,” said Miss Mollie determinedly,
“let’s dine at the club; it’ll be awful to hear
the colonel and the widow sit there and dis-
cuss Smith.”

  “You’re on. I guess I’ll let the old boy
handle her. He’ll give her all the old
family history and show her all the oil-
painted Tunks stuck around the dinin’-
room, and she can descant on the late Henry
Perkins and his virtues.”

  They whizzed past the colonel with frolic-
some greeting. A mile down the pike
Archie had to dodge to the ditch to avoid a
big green touring-car that roared on past
the country club corner. Looking back,
they saw Colonel Tunk’s pair of bays rear
up wildly when the monster honked on its
way.

  The colonel jammed his panama over his
eyes and turned indignantly while Hogjaw
was quieting the span. And he saw the
big green car rush a corner and up into,the
quiet poplar avenue leading to his afllestral
home.

  “Hogjaw, seh,” said the colonel sternly,
“who were those persons?”

  “Those pussons am a lady, cunnel—and
she’s done gittin’ out at de big house.”
Colonel Tunk started apprehensively and
frowned. Then round about he sent his
ancient equipage. The big green car stood
untenanted before his porticoed mansion.
No one was on the veranda. No one in the
double parlors. In the kitchen he found
black Mandy staring out frightenedly.

  “Missus Smif,” ejaculated Mandy, “and
she done gone up dyah!”

  “Ahem,” said the colonel, and straighten-
ing his tie and buttoning his coat he strode
up the gravel toward the family vault on
the hill. With a nervous trepidation he re-
called Nephew Archie’s last warning—
“Now, don’t let this old girl beat you to the
first punch, cunnel!”

HBIJT when the colonel rounded the
stone mausoleum he felt palpitat-
ingly that she had. She stood there
before the grated door, peering in—a slen-
der, black-robed figure, relieved by just one
burst of color and that was the armful of
roses that she carried. And she was curi-
ously inspecting something she had picked
up at her feet.

  It was a cork, a half-pint cork; and

Colonel Tunk stood rubbing his chin with
more dire apprehension. How did that
fool cork come there?

  The widow sighed and put her handker-
chief to her mouth, patting it resignedly.
Then she turned, seeing him. Colonel
Tunk bowed grandly.

  “Mrs. Smith, I presume?”

  She was watching him with great, dark
sorrowful eyes, and the colonel palpitated
within. Never had the Tunk plantation
given refuge to such a vision. In her
mourning she had the mode, the grace, the
smoothness of the woman who knows how
to wear things best. She wasn’t young, the
colonel hastily decided, and yet she wasn’t
old. If her hair had a touch of silver above
her small ears it but enhanced her petiteness.

  “Ah-hem/” murmured Colonel Tunk, and
took a determined glance into her eyes.
They were soft dark eyes looking up at him
sympathetically now.

  “Yes,” she said appealingly. “Did you
mind me coming here? You were not at
the house and the servant told me to wait.
But I wanted to see—dear Henry. How
you have cared for him—the flowers, and
everything!”

 “Seh—ma’am—I—he—wo’ds fail me,
ma’am. We appreciate—we—ma’am, were
glad to have him. No, seh—not that,

exactly, but-”

  “I know. You are a dear, kind gentle-
man. I know all about it, colonel, and I—
we—the family can never forget your solici-
tude for—Henry.”

  What tenderness in that glance she gave
him! It had been years since Colonel
Tunk’s chivalry had felt such appeal.

  He waved a courtly hand to the flower-
covered slab within the iron grating.

  “Our po’ feeble efforts, seh—ma’am, fo’
your revered husband, who, I understand,
gave his life fo’ his country as gallantly as

any hero on the field of battle-”

  “He was a mutton inspector in a purchas-
ing department.”

  “Yes, yes, I know, ma’am.” Colonel
Tunk didn’t know, but he was glad for even
this irrelevant clue to Henry Perkins.

  “Your dear, gallant nephew, Captain
Tunk, was restored to you as by a miracle,
I hear.”

  “Yes, ma’am—walked in on us as a ghost
from the grave, searin’ my house-servants
into conniption fits, ma’am; and with an
appetite like a horse. With our joy, ma’am,
Half-Pint Smith

125

came our utter sadness to learn of—of Mr.
Smith.”

  She dabbled the handkerchief to her nose,
and when the colonel unlocked the family-
vault she silently laid her offering on
Henry’s tomb. With a cautious sniff
Colonel Tunk looked at the iron plate on
the stone slab that held Henry secure.
With her back to him the widow gave a
poignant little sob. Reverently the colonel
waited and presently touched her arm.

  “Our home, ma’am, is at your service
while here. We feel, Mrs. Smith, that as
time heals your grief, you will feel differently
about removing er—Mr. Smith.”

  “Oh, I couldn’t! I must take him back
to Cincinnati!”

  She spoke with distinct eagerness.
Colonel Tunk bowed. On the way to the
house he alluded to the honor he felt in hav-
ing Henry Perkins Smith in the tomb of his
ancestors, and delicately she thanked him,
but demurred.

  And when Mollie and the captain came
rolling in at dusk, the latter gave one incred-
ulous stare up on the front veranda.

“Oh, Mollie—Oh! Who’s the chicken?”
“Hush up,” whispered Mollie; but when
these two came on and met Colonel Tunk’s
grave introduction, she, also, gasped in-
credulously.

  Mrs. Henry Perkins Smith was all sweet-
ly, reservedly animated. In an hour Archi-
bald was eating from her hand; and Mollie,
unbending, despite herself, to the charm and
graciousness of Smith’s widow. With the
utmost delicacy she related her six months’
search through Government channels for
Inspector Smith after his sad demise in the
Baltimore hospital, and how, but for Cap-
tain Archie’s turning-up, she never would
have found him.

  He had been a devoted husband, a dear,
rare fellow, she concluded with poignant
resignation that made Colonel Tunk blink
in the dusk.

  “At twenty dollars a quart,” mused
Archie, “Henry is dear, all right!”

  And the next day it rained. Nobody
could go out. The widow played sad, sweet
old things with Colonel Tunk leaning over
the piano. After a too, too sympathetic
glance at her appealing eyes, Colonel Tunk
would retire behind the back-stairs and mix
a melancholy toddy.

  “Archie, seh,” he sighed, “if it quits
rainin’ I am goin’ to drive Mrs. Smith over

to Judge Brandegee’s fo’ a call. We must
take her mind off this—bereavement.”
“You better first get it off your breath,
cunnel! You told me your limit was a half-
pint a day, but you been hit tin’ ’em higher’n
that. If I was you I’d go make a dean
breast of it to this poor lady!”

  “And consign her, seh, to further fruit-
less wanderin’s and searchin’s fo’ her de-
parted husband? No, seh, I hope to per-
suade her to—to prolong her visit, seh; to
allow Henry Perkins Smith to rest as he is.”
“Hey?” said Archie interestedly. “You
—colonel! All spruced up, today!”

  Colonel Tunk dusted his panama and
took Mrs. Smith to drive. Sunday night
he took her to tea at the Colemans’. Tues-
day he induced her to golf a bit; and Mollie
gasped to find her on the club veranda with
half the benign old gentlemen of the coun-
tryside about her chair. Young sprigs
tried to worm in on the charming widow
also, but she seemed distinctly to prefer the
old boys with cloves on their breaths.

ALL that rainy week Mrs. Henry
Perkins Smith was a house-guest,
not only of Colonel Tunk, but of
other first families. The widow relented a
bit from her melancholy detachment; it
was rumored that she had mixed a julep for
old Judge Brandegee, and had been admit-
ted to the Gilfishes’ private wine-cellar; and
everywhere Colonel Sambola Tunk followed
her with holy devotion, pride and humility.

  “Archie!” gasped Mollie. “What do you
think of that? The colonel hasn’t cared a
rap about society in twenty years and look
what that widow’s doin’ to him, despite her
mournin’!”

  “Got both Judge Brandegee and Senator
Casewell callin’ on her Sunday night offerin’
condolences, I reckon; and between you
and me the widda’ssittin’ up takin’ notice.”
“It—it’s almost scandalous, the way she’s
wormed her way into all these old county
families through these old geezers who ain’t
used to a woman takin’ notice of ’em. I’ll
bet she isn’t more than forty!”

  “Well, if you girls had half her stuff,
Mollie, you’d be wonders! Sympathy—
sym-path-ee! That’s where she get’s eml
It’s enough to make poor old Henry P.
turn over in his bottle!”

  “His what?”

  “Oh, neve’ mind! There she goes up the
hill now on her daily pilgrimage to Henry’s
126

Adventure

grave. Look at the colonel, all diked out in
new pongee pants, wonderin’ if he dare
follow and intrude on her grief.”

  “It’s awful,” burst out Mollie, “the way
he moons around! Every time she goes up
there, he goes up there!”

  She darted a vigorous, irreverent finger
toward the family burying-plot.

  “He’d better,” said the captain, darkly.
“A little widda is a dangerous thing. He’s
trying to distract her mind from Henry
Perkins, I reckon.”

  “What’s she so interested in our family
for? Yesterday I was waiting for Edith
in the ladies’ parlor of the Maddox House
when Mrs. Smith came in and wrote a tele-
gram. Bell-hop came for it, and then he
brought it back, because there was some
bother about the address. The widow was
in the telephone booth, and the boy laid the
telegram down just where I couldn’t help
glancing at it. And what do you think it
said?”

  “Send more flowers for Henry?” sug-
gested Archie hopefully.

  “No! It was just mysterious. It read:
‘See File No. 3225—Tunk; File No. 3231—
Gilfish; File No. 3298—Tunk.’ Archie,
what in the world do you think?”

  “Must be something official about this
mix-up. Me and Henry gettin’ our ree-
mains all balled up in the Government hos-
pital,” said Archie. “Gosh, I hope they
don’t finally decide that I’m the dead one!”
“And what do you think, then?”

  “Me? I don’t think. The cunnel’s got
to do the thinkin’.”

1 “But she left her hand-bag lying near me
when she telephoned, and sticking out of it,
by accident, I saw a—a—monkey-wrench!”
“A what?”

  “A teeny, brand-new little monkey-
wrench!”

  Captain Tunk looked puzzled. He
whistled and crossed his legs.

  “Maybe,” he opined solemnly, after some
thought, “that she’s got a spirit message
from the other world. Maybe Henry’s
stuck outside the pearly gates, and he’s
plottin’ to take ’em off their hinges some
time when the guardian angels ain’t lookin’,
and sneak in.”

  “Oh, my goodness me! Aren’t you get-
tin’ afraid of her?”

  “I ain’t had a chance, Mollie—with all
these old bald-headed boobs hangin’ around
her all the time. I just want her to stop

buzzin’ around about Henry. Those
blamed Government bureau chaps have al-
ready had me dead on the records and may
be they’d rather insist on it than try to
untangle all the red-tape mess.”

  “You’re the livest thing around here this
season.”

  “Except Smith. Give Henry half a
chance and he’d be the real speed-demon in
these parts. On Judgment day, when
Smith—” and then Archie sat up straightly,
stared at the Widow Smith in the afternoon
sunlight there alone before the resting-
place of Tunks dead and gone; and then at
Colonel T. Sambola Tunk, all youthfully
tricked out, sitting on the fence back of the
house lot.

  “Resurrection,” whispered Archie: “Mon-
key-wrench-—Oh, my prophetic reemains!
cunnel!”

  And leaving Mollie staring and amazed at
his mystery, Archie disappeared. He im-
mediately reappeared through the kitchen,
past the astounded Mandy, elbowing her
aside, and reached Colonel Tunk, who was
still gazing after the widow wistfully.

  “Cunnel!” repeated Archie. “Is that
vault door opened?”

  “Opened? Sut’iny, seh. Mrs. Smith
has the keys, seh, now, always. She is up
there layin’ flowers as usual on the slab, seh,
and at-her customary hour of devotion.”
“Dabbin’ her eye with a lavender-bor-
dered handkerchief, I suppose, and reflectin’
on the virtues and achievements of Mutton
Inspector Smith. Oh, cunnel!”

  “Seh?”

  “Look out!”

  “Seh?”

  “This here sacred hour of the widda’s!
How have you been accustomed to bustin’
in on Smith every mornin’ for your little
jigger of hooch?”

“How? I merely remove, seh, the little
iron plate by unscrewing the bolts, and take
out my little half-pint jigger each mawnin.”
“And a couple of times you dropped a
cork, and—hold on; she’s lookin’!”

  Archie dropped behind the hedge and
wigwagged Colonel Tunk. The latter up-
rose with dignity and grasped his cane
firmly.

  “Mrs. Smith, seh, is not lookin’. She has
gone in fo’ her accustomed reflective hour
with what she believes is her dear departed.

At such a time, seh-”

  “You’re lost,” whispered Archie. “Go
Half-Pint Smith

127

head her off—quick! Confront her, cunnel,
and remember that from the walls of our
old vault forty Tunks look down upon you!”
“Archibald, seh, I but yesterday per-
suaded the dear lady to leave Smith re-
main where he is. A matter of sentiment,

seh, which as a kindred soul-”

  “That doesn’t help! You’ll get pinched
for blockade-runnin’, that’s what, with
Uncle Eli and Cousin Murray Tunk and all
the bunch. You never brought their re-
mains back home at all, and when the

sheriff looks ’em up-”

  Colonel Tunk arose grandly. Far be it
from him to listen to calumnies.

  “Come with me, seh. Indelicate as it is
to intrude on this sacred hour, I wish you to
see the depths of her grief. I can swear to
it, seh!”

  Archie gave him one curious glance and
followed. They crossed the soft turf back
of the ancient vault, and Colonel Tunk was
about to place a firm foot on the graveled
walk, when his nephew stopped him.

  “Listen?” breathed the latter. “Did you
ever hear a ghost gurgle? It’s Smith!”

  On the evening air there did come a
curious sound. A tinkle, a sobbing trickle,
and yet a sort of joyous note. It made
Colonel Tunk’s mouth water, despite a sud-
den perturbation at his heart. Archibald
listened again, and then he backed away
with a whisper.

  “This isn’t none of my funeral! Not this
time, cunnel!”

COLONEL TUNK watched his de-
parture back to the house-hedge
with composure, apparently. At
least if there was a crisis he was the Tunk
equal to it. Squaring his shoulders he
stepped around and looked within his an-
cestral tomb. Mrs. Henry Perkins Smith
was there, and she was bending over Henry’s
slab.

  She was deftly removing an article or
two. Then she held a half-pint bottle to
the light, inspected it with a nonchalant
eye and poured it as a libation before Uncle
Eli’s marble niche. Then she laughed de-
murely, and with the little monkey-wrench
began tightening the bolts on the oblong
iron plate that marked the end—at least
one end— of Henry Perkins Smith.

  The colonel watched her slim little hand
strain at the wrench-handle. Tightening
Henry up so that the casual observer would

not notice that he had been tampered with,
was no easy task. The colonel felt almost
constrained to assist her, but he waited
without.

  A high resolve had come to Colonel Tunk,
one mighty beam of light through the abys-
mal depths into which Smith had con-
signed him. A Napoleonic coup was needed
or he was undone forever.

  When he heard the rustle of her black
silken gown he made an apologetic cough
to let the widow know he was at his cus-
tomary vigil outside. They were wont to
stroll on up the wooded hill of evenings
after Mrs. Smith’s devotional hour. Now
when she came out, closing her litde beaded
bag with a satisfied smile, the colonel even
heard the monkey-wrench clink gently
against a half-pint of Smith in that bag.
But he raised his hat with more than his
usual suavity.

  “Evenin’, ma’am.”

  “Good evening, colonel.”

  “Clearin’ weather.”

  “Isn’t it grand just to be alive?” There
was brimming come-hitherness in her voice;
her eye shot a merry little twinkle up at the
colonel’s.

  “Alive? Oh, undoubtedly, as my nephew
frequently remarks.”

  “I should think he would!” murmured the
widow pensive now. “And that makes me
remember. Don’t you realize it is time we
made the final arrangements for the re-
moval of my dear departed husband's re-
mains to Cincinnati? I’ve been here two
weeks—your guest, Colonel Tunk.”

  “Why Cincinnati, Ohio? Mr. Smith,
ma’am, I feel he belongs here, now. And
you—you’ve brought two weeks of—of—
well, seh, ma’am, couldn’t you make it a
little longer?”

  She was looking at her trim feet as she sat
on the ancient iron seat on the pathway.

  “Longer? You have been so good, as it
is. So delicately good in my—sorrow. I
feel somehow, I have abused your hos-
pitality.”

  Colonel Tunk was seated now. His hand
touched her shoulder as he turned to look at
her averted face.

  “Sorreh, ma’am, is the bond between us,
I feel. Grief, I might say, has sealed a—
Ah, it has endeared you to us, ma’am. And

Cincinnati, Ohio-”

  “It will be lonely there,” she sighed.

  The colonel could have sworn that tears
128

Adventure

were in her dark eyes. At least she patted
them with a handkerchief and then had to
cease, for the colonel took her hand away.

  “Lonely as my house, ma’am, with you
departed, Mrs. Smith, seh—ma’am—I am
askin’ you to stay—its mistress.”

  He felt her start. Then she was staring
at him, and laughed almost wildly. He
wouldn’t let her withdraw her fingers from
his own.

  “Colonel!”

  “And marry me, ma’am!”

  “Colonel!”

  “Are you thinkin’ of Smith, laid in this
untimely grave?”

“Smith!” She suddenly turned on him,
her eyes filled with tears, but laughter strug-
gling through them. “Smith—is a myth!”
“You astound me,” said the colonel
solemnly.

  “Listen, you dear unsuspecting, charm-
ing man! There isn’t any Smith. I’m not
his widow! My name is Preston—Mrs.
Laura Preston, and I’ve been a widow nine
years. And I—colonel—am an agent of
the United States prohibition enforcement
branch of the Secret Service, sent into this
county to get acquainted with—with cer-
tain persons who are breaking the law.
And I used you to—Oh, forgive me!”

  And then a strange thing happened. She
seemed about to cry and Colonel Tunk up-
rose and clasped Mrs. Henry Perkins Smith
in his arms to stop it. And she let him do
it. She didn’t say a word for a moment
and then she began to murmur brokenly
against his new alpaca coat.

  “I just hate myself for this! I just hate
that work. I wish I had never seen you, or
any one here where you’ve been so good! It
was all my work, but I thought you were a

blockade-runner in this county!”

  “Me, ma’am—a bootleggers’ agent!”

  “I know better now. It was all for your
own seh. But these family funerals—
Cousin Murray and Uncle Eli.”

  “They have all gone,” murmured Colonel
Tunk lugubriously, “to the last pint, ma’am.
All but about seven gallons of—Smith!”
“Oh, I know! I’ve just investigated, and
my suspicions were right—and it was Smith
did it, in the first place when he was Archie!”
“Seh—ma’am?”

  “In the Atlanta baggage-room where he,
he was transferred—Smith jingled! I just
happened to be passing and I had a—
hunch, colonel!”

  “Cornin’ to think of it now, ma’am, he
was just one pint short to the bar’l!”

  “But we couldn’t interfere when we
thought it was poor Archibald. It was the
unknown Smith that gave me my chance to
track you down. Oh, colonel!”

  Colonel Tunk was majestically silent; but
he still held Smith’s widow to his heart, even
if in her hand-bag he did hear Smith jingle
against the monkey-wrench.

  “Well, dear Mrs. Laura Preston, if I may
say so, seh—ma’am—what are you goin’ to
do now? I—confess to—Henry Perkins
Smith, ma’am. And what—as a Federal
agent are you goin’ to do now?”

  “I think I’ll draw a little red line through
my report on this case to the chief, and
mark it: ‘closed.’ They’ll take my word
for it. Then I’ll resign.”

  “And then—please, ma’am?”

  “I’ll marry you, old dear!”

  “Come on, lady mine, to the house.”
Colonel Tunk turned grandly to wave to
the tomb of his ancestors: “Let Smith
jingle and be dashed!”
CONCERNING PIKERS

   by JOHN W. WEAVER

      '\X7ELL, boys, that’s twicet I win. I leave it lay.

     V V “The works or nothin’ ”—that’s me every time.

      Four Jewish flags I blow, four lovely bucks.

     It’s sugar in your mouth!—How’s that? All set?

     Go get ’em, dices!—Wham!—Read ’em and.weep!

     Oh, Snake-eyes, acety-ace—you done me wrong!

     Craps, and I lose the works. ... All right, I’m through.
     It ain’t no use to buck the jinx, but listen,

      Brother, I may be right in a few minutes,

     And when I am—look out for your gol’ teeth.

      My motter’s “play ’em hard or else not any.”

      I got no use at all for these here pikers
      That drags down every time they makes a pass.

      A piker is a guy that plays it safe,

      And that’s the place I’ll say they always ends,

      Safe where they started in. You tell ’em, brother.

      Don’t get me wrong, though. All the flops is full
      O’ suckers that takes a chancet on anythin’.

     You gotta use judgment. But a piker, now,

      They got no faith in nothin’, not even theirself.

      Dick Finch, he was a goof like what I mean.

      Well, this bird has a job down to a shoe-store,

      Gets just enough to keep his bones together,

     And keeps the same job seven bloomin’ years
     Without no raise. He come to me one day
     And spills a moanin’ howl. It was like this,

      He says, his old man keeps a little store
      Out to the West Side, sellin’ fruit and such.

      Now they’s a mortgage on it, cornin’ due,

      And if he can’t raise six hundred cold bucks
      By three weeks from that day, his pa is mint.

     I stands there for a minute. Then I says—

     “How much dough do you think that you can raise
     Right now?” He fishes in his pockets then,

      And hauls me out a roll o’ dirty bills.

      “Thirty-three dollars. All I saved this year.”

     “Now, listen, Bud, just how much do you care
     About your pa? Enough to take a chancet
     On losin’ all o’ this to save his neck?”

     He gulps and nods his head. “You bet I do.”

      “Well, then, I’m gonna give you somep’n straight.

      This dough is, all you got. You got no ways
      O’ gettin’ hold o’ no six hunderd dollars,

     Not with no job like yourn. They’s just one way:

      You go down to the track this afternoon.

      Now in the third race, they’s a dog name’ ‘Lucas.’

      Two birds I know has got that mule in pickle,

9

129
Adventure

And somep’n tells me that today’s the day
They set to make a killin’. Nobody knows
Exceptin’ me and them about him, see?

I got a-plenty right now on his nose.

You go down there, and find the nearest bookie,

And put the whole roll on this skate—to win!”

He sorter trembles. “What, the whole darn roll?”

“That’s what I said, you heam me,” answers me.

“If I ain’t right, you lose. But even then
Your pa ain’t no worse off than he is now.

And it’s a good tip what I’m givin’ you.

The odds you get’ll be twenty to one,

And if that plater romps in to the merry,

You draw down what you need, six hunderd frog-skins,
And sixty more besides. Now, I ain’t sayin’

That this is no sure thing. But it’s a chancet,

And a dum good one. So hop to it, fella,

And just this one time say, ‘The works or nothin’.’ ”

Honest, you should of saw what this bird done.

I thought the pore dum simp was goin’ to kiss me.

I give him a shove, and off he puts a-runnin’.

That night I seen this Finch down to the pool-room.

I walks right up and clouts him on the back.

“Well, sport, we sorter knocked ’em for a gool,

I’ll tell the world we did—why, what’s the matter?”

I looks again. This Finch starts in to blubber,

“Oh, God!—Oh, God!—” and he can’t get no further.

I grabs his shoulders, gives him one good shake.

“Say, what the what?” I says. “This Lucas win.

He walks in backwards, like I told you, don’t he?

What’re you yellin’ about? Your pa is saved,

You got a nest-egg over, too—but wait—

You went there, didn’t you?”

                               “Yeh, I went,” he blubbers.
“I seen the prices—Lucas, twenty to one.

I has my money in my hand, and walks up
And gets right to the bookie—then a somep’n
It seems to scare me. I gets thinkin’ how
Everythin’ that I got is in my hand.

And sorter sudden-like my knees starts tremblin’,

And then—I guess I must of gotten crazy
Just for a minute, and-”

                              “Go on, go on!”

I hollers, feelin’ sick.

                           “Oh, God'—I done
Like what I alius do—I took and bought
A two-buck ticket for this horse to show,

Just as the bettin’closed ...”

                               Well, can you beat it?

I guess a piker oncet, a piker forever.

It’s in the blood, you see?

                           Gimme them bones!
A Four-Part Stoi^y
CONCLUSION

Author of “Red Belts,” “Kings of the Missouri,” etc.

CHAPTER XI

BACK TO THE BLUE WALL

WE REACHED the Ohio and I
soon found a canoe. The trip
down the Scioto had its danger
thrills, and twice we narrowly
escaped meeting bands of warriors on the
main trace. I stuck to the path because of
its advantages. None below us knew we
had left the upper town, and would not be
looking for us. In the beaten path there
was much less chance of leaving signs for
some scout to pick up and follow. I knew
warriors would be scouring the country in
all directions once the news of our escape
was carried to Chillicothe, but the Scioto
path was the last one they would expect
us to take.

  I had remembered lost sister’s warning
and planned ^to follow the Big Sandy until
its headwaters interlocked with those of the
Clinch and Holston. It was nerve-wearing
work, that crossing of the Ohio. With each
dip of the paddle I expected rifles to crack
behind me and canoes to poke their noses
through the overhanging foliage and make
after us. I could not see that the girl
breathed during the crossing, and I kept
her in front of me as her face was «. mirror

to reflect instantly any danger on the Indian
shore.

  We landed at the mouth of Four-Mile
Creelt without any disturbing incidents. I
told her we were four miles above the mouth
of the Scioto and she was for placing more
distance between us and that river at once.
But it was impossible to travel all the time.
Now we were foot-free, and as I had my
rifle the Shawnees would pay high before
catching up with us, I assured her. I had
been at Four-Mile Creek the year before to
survey five hundred acres of good bottom-
land for Patrick Henry, and was of course
familiar with the locality.

  Five hundred yards back from the Ohio
was an old fort. I took the girl there to rest
while I patched our moccasins. The Indians
said this structure was so ancient that no one
knew who built it. As a matter of fact it
was the remains of George Croghan’s stone
trading-house. Traces of an Indian town,
antedating the fort, were also to be observed.
Very possibly it was occupied by the Shaw-
nees before they built their first town at the
mouth of the Scioto on the west bank. It
was from this Scioto town that Mary Ingles
escaped in 1755, and the history of her dar-
ing and hardships rather belittled my feat
in bringing Patricia from the upper
town.

131
132

Adventure

  The poor girl continued extremely ner-
vous and I feared she would collapse. Now
that she had tasted freedom she feared the
Indians were hot on our trail. Her gaze was
constantly roving to the Ohio. She was
fearing to behold the Shawnees paddling
across to recapture us. The moccasins had
to be mended, however, as the night travel
down the Scioto path had sadly damaged
them.

  As I sewed the whangs through the rips
and hastily patched the holes I could see her
worriment was increasing. That period of
delay was more trying to her fortitude than
when we were making the detour around
Chillicothe and our very lives hung on luck,
or the mercy of her Manito.

  “There is something in the river,” she
whispered, her slight figure growing rigid.

  “Only a log,” I told her.

  “Look! Isn’t there something moving in
the bushes?” And she clutched my arm.

  “Only the wind ruffling the tops,” I
soothed.

  She was silent for a few minutes and then
confessed:

  “I dread and hate the river, Basdel. I
wish we could get out of sight of it.”

  “It’s a short trip in the canoe to the Big
Sandy.”

  “And with the possibility of an Indian
hiding behind every stump and log along
the shore!”

  “Then we will hide the canoe and strike
across the bend. A few creeks to cross, and
inside of two days we should reach the Big
Sandy. It’s about thirty-five miles and
there is the blaze left by the surveyors. Do
you wish that? It will be harder for your
feet than riding in the canoe. It may be
easier on your nerves.”

  “Anything, Basdel, to get away from the
river! And can’t we start now? I know we
shall see the Indians coming across to catch
us if we stay here much longer.”

  I tossed her her moccasins and quickly
mended mine and put them on. Leaving
her to wait until I could draw up the canoe
and hide it, I proceeded to conceal all traces
of our landing as best I could, and then told
her I was ready.

  The bottoms on this side of the river are
narrower than on the Indian shore, and the
old surveyors’ blaze proved to be a wet path.
The small creeks were bordered with cane
and when we encountered them it was hard
on the girl. But she minded hardships none,

and once we were out of sight of the river
she regained some of her spirits. But a
glimpse of the blue river brought back her
old fears as though the Ohio were some
monster able to reach out and seize her.

  Before night I proved the river could be
good to us. Against her will I had swung
down to the shore and was leading her along
a narrow beach in order to escape a bad
tangle of briers when I had the good fortune
to discover a bateau lodged against the bank.
The girl begged me not to go near it al-
though it was obviously empty. I insisted
and was rewarded with a bag containing a
bushel of corn. Now we could have cooked
it in our kettle had we been provided with
that indispensable article. As it was there
was life in munching the corn.

  The undergrowth was a nuisance, being
composed of pea-vines, clover, nettles, cane
and briery berry bushes. The nettles, too,
constituted a grave menace because of the
ease with which they broke down. Wher-
ever the foot was placed a print was left.
Even the tracks of wild turkeys were
discernible.

  I would not stop to camp until I could
reach a tract free from the stuff. As a
result it was nearly sunset by the time we
halted in a mixed growth of hickory, iron-
wood and ash on the banks of a tiny creek.
Here we could pick a path that left no signs.
We rested a bit and then followed the creek
toward its outlet for half a mile and came
to a log cabin.

  The girl dropped to the ground, glaring
as if we were beholding the painted head of
a Shawnee. I assured her it was a white
man’s cabin and probably empty. Leaving
her behind an elm, I scouted the place and
satisfied myself there had been no recent
visitors there. I called for her to join me
and proudly displayed an iron kettle I had
found by the door. But when I would have
left her to make the kettle boil while I
looked for a turkey, she refused to stay and
insisted on accompanying me.

  Fortunately I perched a turkey within
two hundred feet of the cabin. I hung the
kettle in the fireplace and built a good fire
under it and then dressed the turkey. For
some reason the girl preferred the open to
the cabin and remained outside the doori
As I finished my task she called to me
excitedly. Grabbing my rifle, I ran out. She
was pointing dramatically at a big blaze on
a mulberry-tree. The scar was fresh, and
A Scout for Virginia

133

on it some one had written with a charred
stick:

  Found some people killed here. We are gone
down this way.	Douglass.

  “What does it mean?” she whispered, her
eyes very big as she stared at the dusky
forest wall.

 “That would be James Douglass,” I
mused. “He came down here with Floyd’s
surveying-party last Spring. I wonder who
was killed.”

  “Enough to know the Indians have been
here,” she said, drawing closer to me.
“Can’t we go the way they did and be safe?”
“We might make it. But ‘gone down this
way’ means they started for New Orleans.
A long,roundabout journey to Williamsburg. ”
“Oh, never that! I didn’t understand,”
she cried. “I will be braver. But if the
nearest way home was by the Ohio I would
go by land. Anything but the river! Re-
member your promise that we are rjot to be
taken alive. Now let’s push on.”

  “And leave this excellent shelter?” I pro-
tested.

  “Men have been killed here. I can’t
abide it. A few miles more—please.”

  Of course she had her own way, but I
made her wait until we had cooked some
com to a mush and I had broiled the turkey.
I could have told her it would be difficult
for us to select any spot along the river
which had not been the scene of a killing.
So we took the kettle and left a stout, snug
cabin and pushed on through the darkness
to the top of a low ridge, where I insisted
we must camp. We made no fire.

  I estimated the day’s travel to have been
twelve miles at the least, which was a good
stint for a man, let alone a girl unused to
the forest. Nor had the work wearied her
unduly. At least she had gained something
from her captivity—a strength to endure
physical hardships which she had never
known before. With good luck and half-
way decent footing I believed another sun-
set would find us at the Big Sandy. That
night was cold and I sorely regretted our
lack of blankets.

BEFORE sunrise I had a fire burn-
ing and the kettle of mush slung on
a green sapling for further cooking.
Patricia was curled up like a kitten, and I
recovered my hunting-shirt and slipped it
on without her knowing I had loaned it to
her for a covering. She opened her eyes and

watched me a few moments without com-
prehending where she was. With a little
cry she jumped to her feet and roundly
upbraided me for not calling her to h^Ip
in the work.

  I pointed out a spring, and by the time
she was ready to eat the hot mush and cold
turkey, the fire was out and we were ready
to march. Our lack of salt was all that
prevented the meal from being very appetiz-
ing. We were not inclined to quarrel with
our good fortune, however, but ate enough to
last us the day. As the first rays touched
the tops of the trees we resumed the journey.

  We covered, a good ten miles when we
had our first serious mishap since leaving
the Indian village. Patricia had insisted
she be allowed to take the lead where the
blazed trees made the trace easy to follow.
I humored her, for she kept within a rod of
me. We struck into a bottom and had to
pick our way through a stretch of cane.

  Afraid she might stumble on to a bear and
be sadly frightened, I called on her to wait
for me. But she discovered a blaze on a
sycamore beyond the cane and hurried for-
ward. Half-way through the cane she
slipped on a wet root and fell on her side.
Ordinarily the accident would not have been
serious, but the moment I saw the expres-
sion of pain driving her face white I knew
she was hurt. I dropped the kettle and
picked her up. She winced and groaned
and said it was her arm. I carried her to
the high ground and made her sit while I
examined her hurt. I expected to find the
bone broken. I was happily disappointed,
and yet she was hurt grievously enough.'
A section of cane had penetrated the upper
arm near the shoulder, making a nasty
wound. As the cane had broken off in the
flesh it was necessary for me to play the
surgeon. Using a pair of bullet-molds I
managed to secure a grip on the ugly splinter
and pull it out. She gave a little yelp, but
did not move.

  “The worst is over,” I told her. “Now
we must dress it.”

  Returning and securing the kettle, I
dipped water from a spring and lighted a
fire and hung the kettle to boil. Then I
hunted for Indian medicine. I soon found
it, the bark of a linn or bee-tree root. This
I pounded and bruised with the butt of
my rifle and threw it into the kettle to boil.
Patricia remained very patient and quiet,
her eyes following my every move.
134

Adventure

  “You’re as useful as a housewife, Basdel,”
she remarked. “More useful than most
women could be.”

  “Only a trick learned from the environ-
ment,” I lightly replied. “Dots it hurt
much?” This was rhetorical, for I knew a
stab wound from the cane smarted and
ached most disagreeably.

  “Not much,” she bravely replied. “I’m
sorry to bother you, though.”

  “You’ll soon be as fit as a fiddle,” I
assured her. “Border men are continually
helping each other in this fashion.”

  As soon as the kettle boiled I washed the
wound in the liquid and made sure all of
the cane had been removed. This additional
probing caused her pain but she showed no
signs not even by flinching. The applica-
tion at once had a soothing effect. We
waited until the medicine had cooked down
to a jelly-like consistency, when I applied
it as a salve, working it into and thoroughly
covering Uie wound. Then I tied it up
with a strip tom from her skirt. Rather
rough surgery, but I knew it would be
effective.

  She bitterly lamented over the time we
were losing, and blamed herself so severely
that I finally consented to go on, providing
she would keep behind me. Had the hurt
been in her foot we would have been forced
to camp for several days.

  Toward night the country grew more
broken and much rougher, and I knew we
were nearing the Sandy. I feared she might
trip over some obstacle, and we camped
before the light deserted us. I told her we
were within a few miles of the river and that
we ought to strike it at the mouth of Savage
Creek, some four or five miles from the
Ohio. After starting a fire, she volunteered
to remain and feed it while I looked for
game. This in the way of doing penance,
perhaps. I had the good luck to shoot a
deer and we dined on venison.

  After we had eaten she sat close by the
fire and was silent for many minutes. That
she was meditating deeply was shown by
her indifference to the night sounds which
usually perturbed her. The howling of the
wolves, and the scream of a panther, leaping
to make a kill, passed unheard. Suddenly
she declared—

  “You were right, Basdel.”

  “About what, Patsy?”

  “About my not fitting in west of the
mountains.”

  “That was said before you were tried.
No woman, even border-born, could be
more brave than you have been.”

  “And I was so wofully wrong when I
made fun of your long rifle. I want you to
forgive me.”

“Patsy, don’t. You are wonderful.”
“Still being good to me, Basdel. But I
know the truth now. Back over the moun-
tains I was wicked enough to feel a little
superior to frontier folks. No. Don’t wave
your hands at me. I must say it. I even
felt a little bit of contempt for those brave
women who went barefooted. God forgive
me! I was a cat, Basdel. A vicious cat!”
“Good Heavens, Patsy! Say it all and
have done with it. Call yourself a pirate.”
She would not respond to my banter, but
fell to staring into the handful of coals.
Then the tears began streaming down her
face, and at last she sobbed:

  “Poor girl! Poor girl! She was a won-
derful friend to me. She never had any
chance, and you can never know how hard
she tried to keep my spirits up; how ready
she was to stand between me and harm—
me, who has had every chance! And to end
like that! And yet it was far worse to five
like that. It’s best as it is, but God must
be very good to her to make up for what
she lost. Tell me, Basdel, did she suffer
much when she died?”

  She could be talking only of Cousin’s
sister. I declared:

  “She suffered none. It’s best for her as
it is.”

  She fell asleep with her back against a
black walnut, and I spread my hunting-
shirt over her, for the air was shrewdly cool.
In the dying coals I saw pictures, wherein
Kirst, Dale, and lost sister paraded in turn;
the fate of each the result of race-hatred,
and a race-avidity to possess the land. And
a great fear came over me that the girl
leaning against the walnut, the mass of
blue-black hair seeming to bow down the
proud head, was destined to be added to the
purchase-price the frontier was ever paying.

  It was her talk and tears that induced
this mood, for I knew the Shawnees would
have overtaken us by this time had they
found our trail on the Kentucky shore.
Common sense told me that for the re-
mainder of our journey we would, at worst,
be compelled to avoid small scouting-parties
that had no intimation of our presence on
the Big Sandy.
A Scout for Virginia

135

  But so many gruesome pranks had been
played by Fate that I was growing super-
stitious. And I feared lest the girl should
be snatched from me at the last moment,
just as safety was almost within sight. I
slept poorly that night and what little rest
I did obtain was along toward morning.

      THE girl awoke me; and I felt my
WK face burning as I beheld her standing
there, staring down accusingly, the
lunting-shirt spread across my chest. I
sprang to my feet and slipped into the shirt,
which was made like a coat and waited for
her to speak.

  “So you’ve been sleeping cold,” she said.
“Nay. Very warm,” I replied, becoming
busy with my moccasins.

  “After this I will keep awake nights.”

  “I did not need it. I always take it off
at night. It makes me too warm.”

  “You he most beautifully, Basdel.”

  “How is the arm this morning?”

  “Much better. But you must be more
honest with me. You must not lie any
more.”

  “You’re making a mountain out of a
hunting-shirt. It is too warm to wear at
night in this mild weather.”

  “You’re hopeless. Of course it is not too
warm in the warm sunshine.”

  I was glad to let it go at that. And there
was no warm sunshine this morning. The
heavens were overcast with gray cold clouds
that rode high and brought wind rather
than rain. We missed the sun. Town-
dwellers can never know the degree of de-
pendence the forest wanderer places on the
sunlight for his comfort and good cheer.
Despair becomes gaiety under the genial
rays. It is not surprizing the sun should be
the greatest of all mysteries to the Indians,
and therefore their greatest medicine or
god.

 We ate of the venison and mush and
started for the river. The distance was not
great, but the way was very rough, and
there were no more blazed trees to guide
us, the surveyors’ trace passing below us
and closer to the shore. But I was familiar
with the lay of the land and it was impos-
sible for me to go far wrong so long as all
streams flowed into the Ohio and were
crossed at right angles with their general
course.

  I carried the kettle slung on my rifle and
with my right hand gave the girl aid when

the path became unusually difficult. A
wrenched ankle would leave us as helpless
as a broken leg. It required three hours of
painful efforts to bring us to the Sandy.

  I found a fording and carried her across
to the east shore and soon located a trader’s
trace. She never dreamed that her father
often had traveled along this faint path in
his visits to the Ohio Indians. Now that
the footing was easier she had time to gaze
about, and the aspect depressed her.

  The immense hills of sandrock were worn
into deep and gloomy ravines by the streams.

In the walls of the ravines black holes
gaped, for caves were almost as numerous
as springs. To encourage a lighter mood I
explained that these very caves made the
country an ideal place for hiding from the
Indians.

  She broke into my talk by moaning:

  “May the good God help us! See that!”

  She was pointing to a dark opening across
the river. This framed the face of the devil.
For a moment I was sadly startled, then
laughed hysterically in relief.

  “It’s a bear, with a white or gray marking
on his face,” I explained. “He is harmless.
See! He’s finished looking us over and goes
back into his den.”

  But the effect of the shock to her nerves
did not wear off for some time. To prepare
her against more glimpses of bruin I told
her how the broken nature of the country
made it a favorite region for bears, and that
it had been long known along the border
as a famous hunting-ground for the big
creatures.

  “I feel just as if it was the guardian spirit *
of an evil place, that it is spying on us and
plotting to harm us,” she confessed.

  Whenever the trace permitted I swung
aside from the river and took to the ridges.
The tops of these were covered with chest-
nuts and their sides with oaks. More than
once on such detours I sighted furtive furry
forms slipping away from their feast on the
fallen nuts, but Patricia’s gaze was not suf-
ficiently trained to detect them; and she
wandered through the groves without know-
ing we were literally surrounded by bears.

  While a wild country, it was relieved by
many beautiful touches. Such were the
tulip-trees, or yellow poplar. Many «f them
towered a hundred feet with scarcely a limb
to mar the wand-like symmetry of the
six-foot boles. Scarcely less inspiring were
the cucumber-trees, or mountain magnolias,
136

Adventure

which here reached the perfection of growth.

  Scattered among these tall ones were
white and yellow oaks; and they would be
considered giants if standing alone. These
were the serene gods of the forest, and they
had a quieting influence on my companion.
It was with regret that I led her back along
the rough shore of the river.

  I shot a young bear, but Patricia dis-
played a foolish repugnance and would eat
none of it. Later in the day I killed a deer
with such a minute charge of powder as to
emphatically establish my excellence as a
marksman for that one shot at least. We
were nearly three days in making the Tug
Fork of the Sandy.

THE girl bore the hardships well.
The wound on her arm healed rapid-
ly, and whatever she actually suf-
fered was mental rather than physical. Our
kettle proved second only to my rifle in
importance, and if the fare lacked the savor
of salt our appetites made up for the deficit.
When we reached the Tug we were in the
region celebrated for Colonel Andrew Lewis’
“Sandy Creek Voyage of Fifty-six,” as it
was styled with grim facetiousness.

  It was one instance when Colonel Lewis
failed of carrying out an enterprise against
the Indians. It was a retaliatory raid
against the Shawnees and his force was com-
posed of whites and Cherokees; and his lack
of success was due largely to the inefficiency
of the guides who undertook to pilot him
to the mouth of the Sandy. I told the girl
of the expedition as it was lacking in horrible
details, and with other carefully selected
narratives tried to keep her from brood-
ing.

  She seldom mentioned her father, and
when she did it was usually connected with
some phase of life over the mountains. I
believe that she was so thankful to know
he escaped the torture that his death lost
much of poignancy. Only once did she
revert to his taking off, and then to ask—

  “Was there a single chance for him to
escape?” And I emphatically declared he
never had the ghost of a chance from the
moment he fell into Black Hoof’s hands.

  Another ruse to keep her mind engaged
was to trace out our course with a stick on a
patch of bare earth. I showed how we
should travel to the north fork of the Sandy
and then strike to the head of Bluestone,
and follow it nearly to the mouth before

leaving it to cross New River; then a short
journey to the Greenbriar and Howard’s
Creek.

  Had I had any choice I should have pre-
ferred to take her over the mountains to
Salem, but my time was not my own and it
was imperative that I leave her at the first
place of safety and be about Governor Dun-
more’s business. My decision to make
Howard’s Creek was strengthened by an
adventure which befell us near the end of
our first day on the Tug. We were casting
about for a place to camp when we came
upon five Indians, three squaws and two
hunters.

  Patricia was greatly frightened on be-
holding them, and it was some time before
I could make her understand that they were
friendly Delawares, accompanied by their
women, and not painted nor equipped for
war. After calming her I addressed them
and learned they were from White Eye’s
village. They were afraid to go near the
settlements.

  Many “Long Knives,” as they called the
Virginia militia, were flocking to the Great
Levels of the Greenbriar, and a forward
movement of a whole army was shortly to
be expected. As the presence of a large
force of our riflemen so near Howard’s Creek
would insure the safety of that settlement
I knew it to be the proper ending of our
journey.

  I induced Patricia to remain in camp
with the Indians while I went out and shot
a bear. The bear was very fat and I gave
all the meat to the natives, for which they
were very grateful. One of them had a
smooth-bore, but no powder. I could spare
him none.

  Patricia was now convinced the Indians
would not harm us, but she would not con-
sent to making camp near them. We w’alked
several more miles before she was willing
to stop and cook the kettle.

MY TALLY-STICK gave the thir-
teenth of September as the date of
our arrival at Howard’s Creek. The
settlers informed me I had lost a day some-
where on the long journey and that it was
the fourteenth. Nearly all the young and
unmarried men were off to fight in Colonel
Lewis’ army, and many of the heads of
families, including Davis and Moulton.

  Those who were left behind gave us a
royal welcome. Uncle Dick, the aged one,
A Scout for Virginia

137

fell to sharpening his long knife with re-
newed vigor. Patricia and I had been
counted as dead. Dale’s death had been
reported by young Cousin, and it caused
no great amount of sorrow. The girl was
never allowed to suspect this indifference.
In reply to my eager inquiries I was told
that Shelby Cousin was at the Great Levels,
serving as a scout.

  For once Howard’s Creek felt safe. With
nothing to worry about the men and women
became garrulous as crows. The children
played “Lewis’ Army” from sunrise to sun-
set. The Widow McCabe swore she would
put on a hunting-shirt and breeches and go
to war. The passing of men between the
levels and the creek resulted in some news
and many rumors. The meeting-place at
the levels was called Camp Union. Colonel
Lewis, pursuant to orders from Governor
Dunmore, had commenced assembling the
Augusta, Botetourt and Fincastle County
troops at the levels on August twenty-
seven. Cornstalk’s spies had served him
well!

  His lordship was to lead an army, raised
from the northwest counties and from the
vicinity of Fort Pitt, down the Ohio and
unite with Colonel Lewis at the mouth of
the Great Kanawha. Colonel Charles
Lewis, with some Augusta and Botetourt
troops, had left Camp Union on September
sixth to drive the cattle and four hundred
pack-animals to the mouth of the Elk, where
he was to make canoes for transporting
provisions to the Ohio.

  The main army had marched from Camp
Union on the twelfth, although Colonel
Lewis had received a letter from Dunmore,
urging that the rendezvous be changed to
the mouth of the Little Kanawha. Colonel
Lewis had replied it was impossible to alter
his line of march.

  From a fellow sent out to round up stray
bullocks I learned the army would avoid
the deep gorge and falls in the river by
marching ten miles inland and parallel to
the east bank, joining Colonel Charles Lewis
at the Elk.

  By another man I was told how the
militiamen were given to shooting away
their precious ammunition, and how the
colonel had warned that unless the practise
ceased no more powder would be given out.
That the Indians were active and not afraid
of the troops was evidenced by an attack
on Stewart’s Fort, only four miles from

Camp Union. And this, before the troops
marched.

  Colonel William Christian was in com-
mand of the rear-guard, and his men were
much disgruntled at the thought of not
being in the forefront of the fighting. What
was most significant to me, although only
an incident in the estimation of the men left
at Howard’s Creek, was the attack made by
two Indians on two of Lewis’ scouts, Clay
and Coward by name.

  The scouts had separated and one of the
Indians fired on and killed Clay. Thinking
him to be alone, the Indians ran to get his
scalp, and Coward at a distance of a hun-
dred yards shot him dead. Coward then ran
back toward the line of march and the
surviving Indian fled down the Great
Kanawha to inform the Shawnee towns
that the Long Knives were coming.

  I lost no time in securing a horse and a
supply of powder and in hurrying to say
good-by to Patricia. She was very sober
when I told her I was off to overtake the
army. Placing both hands on my shoulders,
she said:

  “Basdel, I know you’ve forgiven all the
disagreeable things I’ye said to you. I will
wait here until I hear from you. I will pray
that you have an equal chance with the
other brave men.”

  “I will come back and take you over the
mountains.”

  “If you will only come back you may take
me where you will, dear lad, even if it be
deeper into the wilderness,” she softly
promised.

  And Mrs. Davis bustled out of the cabin
and energetically shooed the curious young-
sters away.

  And now I was riding away to battle,
riding right joyously over the chestnut
ridges and through the thick laurel, through
stretches of pawpaw, beech and flowering
poplar, with the pea-vine and buffalo grass
soft underfoot. And my heart was as
blithe as the mocking-bird’s and there was
no shadow of tomahawk or scalping-knife
across my path.

  I knew the destiny of the border was soon
to be settled, that it hinged on the lean,
leather-faced riflemen ahead, but there was
nothing but sunshine and glory for me in
that September day as I hastened to over-
take the grim-faced man who believed his
lordship, John Murray, fourth Earl of Dun-
more, Viscount Fincastle, Baron of Blair,
138

Adventure

Monlin and of Tillimet was Virginia’s last
royal governor.

CHAPTER XII

THE SHADOWS VANISH

T FOLLOWED the river, the cord of the
bow, and made good time where the
army would have had difficulty to get
through. A dozen miles below the falls
and near the mouth of Kelly’s Creek, where
Walter Kelly was killed by the Indians
early in August, 1 came upon a scout named
Nooney. We were on the west bank and
the river was two hundred yards wide
at that point. Nooney begged some to-
bacco and pointed out a fording-place and
gave me the “parole.” This, very fittingly
was “Kanawha.” He said I would speedily
make the camp and that Colonel Lewis
was with the first troops.

   I lost no time in crossing and had barely
cleared the river-bank before I was held
up by an outpost. This fellow knew noth-
ing of military red-tape. He was plain
militia, a good man in a fight, but inclined
to resent discipline. He grinned affably as
I broke through the woods and lowered
his rifle.

  “Gim’me some tobacker,” he demanded
good-naturedly

  “I supposed you’d want the parole,”
I replied, fishing out a twist of Virginia
leaf.

  “-! I got that. It’s ‘Kanawha.’

What I want is tobacker. Don’t hurry.
Le’s talk. I’m lonesome as one bug all
alone in a buffler robe. See any footin’
over ’cross? I’m gittin’ tired o’ this out-
post business. All foolishness. We’ll know
when we strike th’ red devils. No need o’
havin’ some one tell us. Your hoss looks
sorter peaked. S’pose we’ll have a mess of
a fight soon? We boys come along to fight,
not to stand like stockade-timbers out here
£.11 alone.”

  I told him I had important news for
Colonel I ewis and must not tarry. He took
it rather ill because I would not tell him
my news, then tried to make me promise
I would come back and impart it. I equivo-
cated and led my horse on toward the camp,
concealed from view of the river-bank by a
ribbon of woods. The first man I met was
Davis, and the honest fellow was so rejoiced
to see me that he dropped his gun and took

                  *

both my hands and stood there with his
mouth working, but unable to say a word,
Big tears streamed down his face.

  I hurriedly related my adventures, and
his joy was trebled when he heard that
Patricia was safe at Howard’s Creek.

  “Shelby Cousin shot and kilt Dale. He
told us ’bout that. Ericus thought he
knew it all. Wal, them that lives longest
larns th’ most,” he philosophically ob-
served. “Powerful glad to see you. We’ll
be seein’ more of each other, I take it.
How’s my woman? Good. She’s a right
forward, capable woman, if I do say it.
Moulton’s out on a scout. Silent sort of a
cuss these days from thinkin’ ’bout his
woman an’ th’ children. But a rare hand
in a mess.”

  “And Cousin?”

  “Say, Morris, that feller acts like he was
reg’lar happy. Laughs a lot, only it don’t
sound nat’ral. He’s a hellion at scoutin’.
Poor Baby Kirst! I must ’low it’s best
for him to be wiped out, but it’s too bad he
couldn’t ’a’ made his last fight along with
us. There’s th’ colonel in his shirt sleeves
smokin’ his pipe.”

  I passed on to where Lewis was sitting
on a log. It was fearfully hot, as the high
hills on each side of the river shut out the
free air and made the camp an oven. On
recognizing me, the colonel’s eyes flickered
with surprize, as the report of my capture
had spread far. He rose and took my hand
and quietly said:

  “I knew they couldn’t hold you unless
they killed you on the spot. What about
Miss Dale?”

  I informed him of her safety and his face
lighted wonderfully.

  “That’s good!” he softly exclaimed. “A
beautiful young woman, the kind that
Virginia is always proud of. Ericus Dale
was lucky to die without being tortured.
Now for your news; for you must be bring-
ing some.”

  I told him of the mighty gathering at
Chillicothe and of the influx of the fierce
Ottawas. Lost sister’s warning to me to
keep clear of the Great Kanawha impressed
him deeply. It convinced him, I think, that
the astute Cornstalk had planned to attack
the army before it could cross the Ohio, and
that the Shawnees on learning of the as-
sembling at the levels knew the advance
must be down the Kanawha. The Indian
who escaped after Clay was killed was back
A Scout for Virginia

139

on the Scioto by this time. After musing
over it for a bit he insisted that it did not
necessarily follow the attack would be in
force.

  “That was Cornstalk’s first plan. But
now he knows Governor Dunmore has an
army at the mouth of the Little Kanawha.
He may chose to attack him instead of me.
I hope not, but there’s a strong chance he’ll
do that while making a feint to fool me, and
then float down the river and give me a real
battle.”

  He kindly offered to attach me to one of
the companies as sergeant, with the pos-
sibility of appointing me an ensign, but I
preferred to act as scout and enjoy more in-
dependence of action.

  “That’s the - of it,” he remarked.

“All these fellows want to be scouts and
range the woods free of discipline. They
want to whip the Indians but they want
to do it their own way. They persist in
wasting ammunition, and it now looks as
if we would go into battle with less than one-
fourth of a pound ofpowder per man.

  “If any man speaks up and says he is the
best marksman in Virginia then every man
withinuhearing challenges him to prove it.
And they’ll step one side and have a shoot-
ing-match, even if they know Cornstalk’s
army is within a couple of miles of us.
They’re used to bear and deer-meat.
They don’t want to eat bullock-meat. I’ll
admit the beef is a bit tough. And every
morning some of then break the rules by
stealing out early to kill game. This not
only wastes powder, but it keeps the out-
posts alarmed.”

  Before I was dismissed I asked about
Cousin. The colonel’s face became ani-
mated.

  “Oh, the young man with the sad history?
He’s out on a scout. That fellow is ab-
solutely fearless. I am surprized every
time he lives to return to make a report.
It’s useless to lay down a route for him to
scout; he prowls where he will. But he’s
valuable, and we let him have his own way.”

  On the next day we marched to the mouth
of the Elk where Colonel Charles Lewis
was completing arrangements for trans-
porting the supplies down the river. While
at that camp I went on my first scout and
found Indian tracks. One set of them
measured fourteen inches in length. The
men went and looked at the signs before
they would accept my measurements.

  The camp was extremely busy, for we all
knew the crisis was drawing close. Our
armorer worked early and late unbreeching
the guns having wet charges. Three bri-
gades of horses were sent back to Camp
Union for more flour. I went with Mooney
on a scout up Coal River and we found
Indian signs four miles from the camp.
Other scouts were sent down the Kanawha
and up the Elk.

  On returning, I found Cousin impatiently
waiting for me to come in. He had
changed and his bearing puzzled me. He
was given to laughing loudly at the horse-
play of the men, yet his eyes never laughed.
I took him outside the camp and without
any circumlocution related the facts con-
cerning his sister and Kirst.

  “Tell me again that part ’bout how she
died,” he quietly requested when I had
finished. I did so. He commented:

  “For killing that redskin I owe you
more’n I would if you’d saved my life a
thousand times. So little sister is dead.
No, not that. Now that woman is dead I
have my little sister back again. I took
on with this army so’s I could reach the
Scioto towns. To think that Kirst got
way up there! I ’low he had a man’s fight
to die in. That’s the way. Morris, I’m
obleeged to you. I’ll always remember her
words ’bout sendin’ a little sister to me.
Now I’ve got two of ’em. We won’t talk
no more ’bout it.”

  With that he turned and hurried into the
woods.

THE men continued firing their
guns without having obtained per-
mission, and Colonel Lewis was
thoroughly aroused to stop the practise.
He directed that his orders of the fifteenth
be read at the head of each company, with
orders for the captains to inspect their
men’s stock of ammunition and report
those lacking powder. This reduced the
waste, but there was no stopping the rifle-
men from popping away at bear or deer
once they were out of sight of their offi-
cers.

  I had hoped Cousin would return and be
my companion on the next scout, but as he
failed to show up I set off with Mooney for
a second trip up the Coal. This time we
discovered signs of fifteen Indians making
toward the Kanawha below the camp.
We returned with the news and found a
140

Adventure

wave of drunkenness had swept the camp
during our absence.

  The sutlers were ordered to bring no
more liquor into camp, and to sell from the
supply on hand only on a captain’s written
order. This served to sober the offenders
speedily. The scouts sent down the Kana-
wha returned and reported two fires and
five Indians within fifteen miles of the Ohio.
It was plain that the Indians were dogging
our steps day and night, and the men were
warned not to straggle.

  We were at the Elk Camp from the
twenty-fourth to the thirtieth, and on the
latter date the canoemen loaded their
craft, and the pack-horse men and bullock-
drivers drew two days’ rations and started
down-river. It rained for three days and
on October second we were camped neix
the mouth of the Coal. It was there that
Cousin appeared, a Mingo scalp hanging
at his belt. He informed Colonel Lewis
he had been to the mouth of the river,
making the down-trip in a canoe, and that
as yet no Indians had crossed except small
bands of scouts.

  Breaking camp, we encountered rich
bottom-lands, difficult to traverse because
of the rain. Every mile or two there were
muddy creeks, and the pack-horses were
nearly worn out. Several desertions were
now reported from the troops, a hos-
tility to discipline rather than cowardice
being the incentive. Another trouble was
the theft of supplies.

  As we advanced down the river signs of
small bands of Indians became numerous;
scarcely a scout returned without reporting
some. I saw nothing of Cousin until the
sixth of October, and as we were finishing
an eight-mile march through long defiles
and across small runs and were entering
the bottom which extends for four miles
to the Ohio. The first that I knew he was
with us when he walked at my side and
greeted—

  “There’s goin’ to be a screamin’ big
fight.”

  He offered no explanation of his absence
and I asked him nothing. It. had required
five weeks to march eleven hundred men
one hundred and sixty miles and to convey
the necessary supplies the same distance.

  As we scouts in the lead entered the bot-
tom Cousin called my attention to the high-
water marks on the trees. Some of these
measured ten feet. The Point itself is

high. From it we had a wide view of the
Ohio and Kanawha, up and down-stream.
It was Cousin who discovered a writing
made fast to a tree, calling attention to a
paper concealed in the hollow at the base of
the tree. We fished it out and found it
was addressed to Colonel Lewis. Cousin
and I took it to him. Before opening it, he
gave Cousin a shrewd glance and remarked:

  “I am glad to see you back, young man.”

  “If I’ve read the signs right I ’low I’m
glad to git back,” was the grave reply.

  The letter was from Governor Dunmore,
and he wrote to complain because our
colonel had not joined him at the Little
Kanawha. He now informed our comman-
der he had dropped down to the mouth of
the Big Hockhocking, and we were expected
to join him there. After frowning over the
communication, Colonel Lewis read it aloud
to some of his officers and expressed himself
very forcefully. It was soon camp gossip,
and every man was free to discuss it.

  Much anger was expressed against Gov-
ernor Dunmore. And i|jlid seem absurd to
ask our army to move up the Ohio some
sixty miles when such a tedious maneuver
would leave us farther from the Indian
towns than we were while at the Point.
Had the order been given for the army
to go to the Hockhocking there would have
been many desertions.

  I learned later that the letter was brought
to thp Point by Simon Kenton and Simon
Girty, who with Michael Cresap were
serving as scouts with Dunmore. While
the camp was busily criticizing the governor
our scouts from the Elk came in and re-
ported seeing Indians hunting buffalo.
When within six miles of the Point they
found a plowshare, some surveying-in-
struments, a shirt, a light blue coat and a
human under jaw-bone.	<

  Shelby Cousin said the dead man was
Thomas Hogg, who with two or three of
his men were reported killed by the Indians
in the preceding April while making im-
provements. Cousin insisted his death had
been due to wild animals or an accident,
after which the animals had dragged his
remains into the woods. He argued that
an Indian would never have left the coat
or the instruments.

  We passed the seventh and eighth of the
month in making the camp sanitary and in
building a shelter for the supplies yet to
arrive down the river. Preparations also
A Scout for Virginia

141

went ahead for moving the army across the
Ohio. Most of the scouts were sent out to
hunt up lost beeves, while a sergeant and
squad were dispatched with canoes to the
Elk after flour.

  Three men came in from the Elk and
reported that Colonel Christian was camped
there with two hundred and twenty men,
that he had only sixteen kettles, and was
fearing his men would be ill from eating
too much roast meat “without broth.”
On the eighth there arrived more letters
from Governor Punmore, in which his lord-
ship expressed his surprize and annoyance
because of our failure to appear at the
Hockhocking.

  This time Colonel Lewis was quite open
in expressing his disgust at the governor’s
lack of strategy. The Kanawha was the
gate to Augusta, Botetourt and Fincastle
Counties. To leave it and move up-river
would leave the way open for the red army
to stream into Virginia and work its sav-
agery while the colonials were cooped up
on the Ohio or hunting Indian wigwams in
the wilderness.

  In the package was a letter to our colonel
from Colonel Adam Stephens, second in
command to his Excellency, which was
given wide publicity. Colonel Stephens
reported very disagreeable news from Bos-
ton. It was to the effect that General
Gage had fired on the people at Cambridge.
Later we learned that while some gun-
powder and two cannon had been seized
by his Majesty’s troops there had been
no massacre of the provincials. But while
the rumor remained uncontradicted it
caused high excitement and great rage.

ON THE evening of the ninth
Cousin and I were ordered out to
scout up the river beyond Old
Town Creek. Our camp was near the junc-
tion of the Kanawha and the Ohio, almost
at the tip of the Point. About a fourth of a
mile to the east is Crooked Creek, a very
narrow stream at that season of the year,
with banks steep and muddy. It skirts the
base of some low hills and flows nearly
south in emptying into the Kanawha.
Half-way between our camp and Old Town
Creek, which empties into the Ohio, is a
small stretch of marsh-land extending north
and south, with high bottom-lands on each
side.

  Cousin and I planned to keep along the

Ohio shore until a few miles above Old Town
Creek, when we would separate, one return-
ing along our course to keep an eye on the
river, the other circling to the east and
swinging back through the low hills drained
by Crooked Creek. This double reconnais-
sance should reveal any spies.

  The men were very anxious tofcross the
river and come in contact with the Indians.
They believed they would have the allied
tribes within their grasp once they reached
the Scioto. They were cheered by the
report that the army would cross on the
morrow. One tall Watauga boy boastfully
proclaimed that all the Shawnees and
Mingos beyond the Ohio wouldn’t “make
more’n a breakfast for us.” Davis, be-
cause a man of family and more conserva-
tive, insisted it would be a “pretty tough
chunk of a fight.”

   This was the optimistic spirit Cousin and
I left behind us when we set out at sunset.
Cousin was in a new mood. There was
a certain wild gaiety, rather a ferocious
gaiety, in his bearing. His drawn face
had lost some of the hard lines and looked
almost boyish and his eyes were feverishly
alight. He seemed possessed of supera-
bundant physical strength, and in pure
muscular wantonness went out of his way
to leap the fallen timbers which Uttered
the shore.

   As darkness increased he ceased his wild
play and became the prince of scouts. We
advanced most leisurely, for we had all
night if we cared to stay out. We halted
when abreast of the marsh-land and seated
ourselves on the banks of the Ohio and
watched the starlight find a mirror in the
waters. After a protracted silence he
abruptly asked—

   “My sister said she was sendin’ me a new
sister, you say?”

  “Those were her words.”

  “I wish she could know tonight I ain’t
needin’ any new sister. Wish she could
know right now that she’s always been my
sister. When I reckoned I’d lost her I
was just mistook. She was just gone away
for a little while. She found a mighty
hard an’ rough trace to travel, I ’low. I
’low the Almighty will have to give her
many belts afofe He smooths out the path
in her mind. I ’low it’ll take a heap o’
presents to make up for the burrs an’
briars an’ sharp stones she had to foot it
over. Thank God she died white!”
\\2

Adventure

   “Amen to that!”

   After another silence he asked—

   “You ’low she’s with daddy an’ mammy?”
   “I do.”	*

   “That’s mighty comfortin’ to figger on,”
he slowly mused. “Much like a younker
gittin’ mighty tired an’ goin’ back home to
rest. Daddy an’ mammy will do a heap to
make it up to her for'what she had to go
through. Yes, I can count on ’em, even
if the Almighty happened to be too busy to
notice her when she first crossed the border.”
Dear lad! He meant no irreverence.

   The night was calm and sounds carried
easily. We had passed beyond where we
could hear the men singing and merry-
making in camp, but the uneasy movements
of a turkey and the stealthy retreat of a deer
seemed very close at hand. The soft pad-
pad of a woods cat approached within a few
feet before the creature caught the scent,
and the retreat was marked by a series of
crashings through the undergrowth.

   After a while we rose and continued up
the river.

  “No Injuns along here,” murmured
Cousin.

   We reached Old Town Creek and crossed
it without discovering any signs of the ene-
my; nor were we looking for anything more
serious than a stray scout or two. We
went nearly two miles above the creek and
turned back after deciding we would sepa-
rate at the creek, he taking the hills route
and I following the river. We reached the
creek and he was about to leave me when
we both heard a new note, a splashing noise,
very faint. Our hands met in a mutual
desire to grab an arm and enforce attention.
“No fish made it,” I whispered.

   “No fish,” he agreed. “There!”

   The splashing came from across the sev-
eral hundred yards of the Ohio’s deep and
silent current. It was repeated until it
became almost continuous, and it gradually
grew louder.

   “Rafts!” shrilly whispered Cousin.

   “They are paddling fast.”

  “No! But there are many rafts,” he
corrected.

   We retreated up-stream a short distance
and concealed ourselves in a deep growth.
To the sound of poles and paddles was added
the murmuring of guttural voices. Then
for a climax a raft struck against the bank
1 and a low voice speaking Shawnee gave
i some sharp orders.

  “One!” counted Cousin.

  As he spoke another raft took the shore,
and then they grounded so rapidly that it
was impossible to count them. Orders
were given, and the Indians worked back
from the river and proceeded to make a
night-camp. The landing had been made
at the mouth of the creek, but the savages
had spread out, and some of them were
due east from us.

  “There’s a heap of ’em!” whispered
Cousin. “Lucky for us they didn’t fetch
any dawgs along, or we’d be smelled out
an’ have to leg it.”

  “I hear squaws talking.”

  “Kiss the devil if you don’t! There’s
boys’ voices, too. They’ve fetched their
squaws an’ boys along to knock the wounded
an’ dyin’ in the head.”

  “Then that means they feel sure of win-
ning.”

  And my heart began thumping until I
feared its beating would be audible at a
distance. And before my inner gaze ap-
peared a picture of Lewis’ army defeated
and many victims being given over to the
stake.

  “Keep shet!” cautioned Cousin. “There
it is again! A Mingo talkin’, a Seneca, I’d
say—Hear that jabber! Delaware—Wy-
andot—Taway (Ottawa). With a blanket
o’ Shawnee pow-wow. By Heavens, Morris!
This is Cornstalk’s whole force! They’ve
larned that Dunmore is at the Hockhockin’
an’ will be j’inin’ up with Lewis any day,
an’ old Cornstalk thinks to lick Lewis afore
Dunmore’s men can git along!”

IT WAS now after midnight, and I
knew we should be back at camp
and warning Colonel Lewis of his
peril. I knew from my last talk with him
that he did 4101 expect to meet the Indians
in any numbers uhtil we had crossed the
Ohio. Our failure to find any Indians at
the Point and our prospects for an immedi-
ate crossing conduced to this belief.

  The day before all the scouts had been
instructed as to our maneuvers once we
crossed the river and were searching for
ambushes. It was terrible to think of our
army asleep only three miles away. I,
urged an immediate return, but Cousin
coolly refused to go until he had reconnoit-
ered further.

  “You stay here till I’ve sneaked down
to the mouth o’ the creek,” he whispered.
A Scout for Virginia

143

“ ’Twon’t do for both of us to git killed an’
leave no one to take the word to Lewis.”
“But why run any risk?” I anxiously de-
manded; for I feared he had some mad
prank in mind which would betray our
presence and perhaps stop our warning to
the army.

  “We must larn somethin’ as to how many
o’ the red skunks there be,” he replied.

  “To venture near their camp will mean
discovery. They’re very wide-awake.”

  “I ain’t goin’ near their camp,” he growled
in irritation. “I want to look over them
rafts. I can tell from them how many war-
riors come over, or pretty close to it.”

  He slipped away and left me to do the
hardest of the work—the work of waiting.
It seemed a very long time before I heard
the bushes rustle. I drew my ax, but a
voice whispering “Richmond,” the parole
for the night, composed me. Feeling his
way to my side he gravely informed me:
“There’s seventy-eight or nine rafts an’
a few canoes. It’s goin’ to be a fine piece
o’ fightin’. At least there’s a thousand war-
riors on this side an’ a lot o’ squaws an’
boys.” I estimated our army at eleven
hundred and I thanked God they were all
frontiersmen.

  Cousin now was as eager to go as I;
and leaving our hiding-place, we worked
north until we felt safe to make a detour to
the east. Our progress was slow as there
was no knowing how far the Indian scouts
were ranging. Once we were forced to re-
main flat on our stomachs while a group of
warriors passed within a dozen feet of us,
driving to their camp some strayed beeves
from the high rolling bottom-lands to the
east. When the last of them had passed
I observed with great alarm a thinning out
of the darkness along the eastern sky-line.

  “Good God! We’ll be too late!” I
groaned. “Let’s fire our guns and give the
alarm!”

  “Not yet!” snarled my companion. “I
must be in the thick o’ that fight. We’re
too far east to git to camp in a hustle. We
must sneak atween the hills an’ that small
slash (Virginian for marsh). Foller me.”
We changed our course so as to avoid the
low hills drained by Crooked Creek, and
made after the warriors. About an hour
before sunrise we were at the head of the
marsh, and in time to witness the first act
of the day’s great drama. Two men were
working out of the fallen timber, and Cou-

sin threw up his double-barrel rifle. I
checked him, saying—

  “Don’t! They’re white!”

  “Renegades!”

  “John Sevier’s younger brother, Valen-
tine. T’other is Jim Robertson.”

  “Then Lewis knows. He sent ’em to
scout the camp.”

  “They’re after game. James Shelby is
sick with the fever. Yesterday morning he
asked them to perch a turkey for him.
Signal them. They know nothing about
the Indians!”

  Cousin risked discovery by standing clear
of the bushes and waving his hat. “There
comes two more of ’em!” he exclaimed.

  This couple was some distance behind
the Watauga boys, but I recognized them.
One was James Mooney, my companion
on the Coal River scout. The other was
Joseph Hughey.

  I jumped out and stood beside Cousin
and waved my arms frantically. One of
them caught the motion and said something.
The four paused and stared at us. We
made emphatic gestures for them to fall
back. At first they were slow to under-
stand, thinking, as Sevier told me after-
ward, that I was pointing out some game
Then they turned to run, Robertson and
Sevier firing their rifles to the woods to the
north of us.

  These were the first guns fired in the battle
of Point Pleasant. From the woods came
the noise of a large body of men advancing.
A ripple of shots was sent after the hunters.
Hughey and Mooney halted and returned
the fire. A streak of red some distance
ahead of the Shawnee’s position, and close
to the river bank, dropped Hughey dead.
This shot was fired by Tavenor Ross, a
white man, who was captured by the In-
dians when a boy and who had grown up
among them.

  Mooney, Robertson and young Sevier
were now running for the camp, passing
between the Ohio bank and the marsh.
We raced after them just as a man named
Hickey ran from the bushes and joined
them. The Indians kept up a scattering
fire and they made much noise as they
spread out through the woods in battle-line.
They supposed we were the scouts of an
advancing army.

  It is the only instance I know of where
insubordination saved any army from a
surprize attack, and possibly from defeat.
144

Adventure

To escape detection while breaking the
orders against foraging, the five men named
had stolen from the camp at an early hour.

  By the time Cousin and I passed the lower
end of the marsh small bodies of Indians
were making for the hills along Crooked
Creek; others were following down the
Ohio inside the timber, while their scouts
raced recklessly after us to locate our line
of battle. The scouts soon discovered
that our army was nowhere to be seen.
Runners were instantly sent back to in-
form Cornstalk he was missing a golden
opportunity by not attacking at once.

  Mooney was the first to reach Colonel
Lewis, who was seated on a log in his
shirt sleeves, smoking his pipe. Mooney
shouted—

  “More’n four acres covered with Injuns
at Old Town Creek!”

  Rising, but with no show of haste, Lewis
called to Cousin and me—

  “What about this?”

  “An attack in force, sir, I believe,” I
panted.

  He glanced at Cousin, who nodded and
then ducked away.

  “I think you are mistaken,” the colonel
coldly remarked. “It must be a big scout-
ing-party.” I tried to tell him what Cousin
and I had seen and heard. But he ig-
nored me and ordered the drums to beat
To Arms. But already the border men
were turning out and diving behind logs
and rocks even while the sleep still blurred
their eyes.

COLONEL LEWIS ordered two
columns of one hundred and fifty
men each to march forward and
test the strength of the enemy. The col-
onel’s brother Charles led the Augusta line
to the right. Colonel William Fleming
commanded the left—Botetourt men. The
two columns were about two hundred
yards apart, and their brisk and business-
like advance did the heart good to be-
hold.

  No one as yet except the hunters and
Cousin and I realized the three hundred
men were being sent against the full force
of the Ohio Indians. Colonel Lewis re-
sumed his seat on the log and continued
smoking.

  “You’re nervous, Morris. It can’t be
more than a large scouting-party, or they’d
have chased you in.”

  “They came over on seventy-eight rafts!”
I replied, turning to race after Colonel
Charles Lewis’ column.

  The Augusta men were now swinging in
close to Crooked Creek where it skirts the
foot of the low hills. As I drew abreast
of the head of the column we were fired
upon by a large force of Indians, now snugly
ensconced behind trees and fallen timber
along the creek. We were then not more
than a quarter of a mile from camp. The
first fire was tremendously heavy and was
quickly followed by a second and third vol-
ley. The Augusta men reeled, but quickly
began returning the fire, the behavior of
the men being all that a commander could
desire. They were forced to give ground
however as the odds were heavy.

  On our left crashed a volley as the
Botetourt men were fired on. Colonel Lew-
is ordered his men to take cover, then turned
to Captain Benjamin Harrison and
cried:

  “This is no scouting-party! But my
brother will soon be sending reinforce-
ments.”

  He had hardly spoken before he spun
half-way around, a surprized expression on
his face.

  “I’m wounded,” he quietly said.

  Then handing his rifle to a soldier, he
called out to his men—

  “Go on and be brave!”

  With that he began walking to the camp.
I ran to help him, but he motioned me back,
saying—

  “Your place is there. I’m all right.”

  So I left him, a very brave soldier and a
Christian gentleman, to make his way
alone while his very minutes were num-
bered.

  Half a dozen of our men were down and
the rest were slowly giving ground. Up to
the time Colonel Lewis left us I had seen
very few Indians, and only mere glimpses
at that. Now they began showing them-
selves as they crowded forward through the
timber, confident they were to slaughter us.
Above the noise of the guns, the yells and
shouts of red and white combatants, rose
a deep booming voice, that of Cornstalk,
and he was shouting:

  “Be strong! Be strong! Push them into
the river!”

We dragged back our dead and wounded
as with a reckless rush the Indians advanced
over logs and rocks up to the very, muzzles
A Scout for Virginia

x45

of our guns. But although the Augusta
line gave ground the men were not suffer-
ing from panic, and the smashing volley
poured into the enemy did great damage
and checked their mad onslaught.

  Never before did red men make such a
determined charge. In an instant there
were a score of individual combats, back-
woodsman and savage, being clinched in a
death-struggle with ax and knife. Now
our line stiffened, and the very shock of
their attack seemed to hurl the Indians
back. Still we would have been forced
back to the camp and must have suffered
cruel losses if not for the timely reinforce-
ments brought up on the run by Colonel
John Field, veteran of Braddock’s and Pon-
tiac’s Wars.

  He led Augusta and Botetourt men, for
it was no longer possible to keep the two
lines under their respective commanders,
nor did any captain for the rest of the day
command his own company as a unit.
With the coming up of Colonel Field the
Indians immediately gave ground, then
charged ir>>st viciously as our men pur-
sued. This maneuver was one of Corn-
stalk’s cunning tactics, the alternate ad-
vance and retreat somewhat confusing our
men.

  The second attack was repulsed and the
riflemen slowly gained more ground. The
firing on our left was now very heavy and
Colonel Field directed me to learn how the
fight there was progressing. Some of our
fellows were screaming that Fleming’s
column was being driven in, and our colonel
had no intention of being cut off.

  As I started toward the river I could hear
Cornstalk exhorting:

  “Shoot straight! Lie close! Fight and
be strong!”

  As I withdrew from the right column I
had a chance to get a better idea of the
battle. The Indians lined the base of the
hills bordered by Crooked Creek, and were
posted on all the heights to shoot any whites
trying to swim either the Ohio or the Kana-
wha. On the opposite side of the Ohio and,
as I later learned on\the south bank of the
Kanawha, red forces had been stationed in
anticipation of our army being routed.

  As I neared the Botetourt men I could
hear between volleys the Indians shouting
in unison—

  “Drive the white dogs over!” meaning,
across the river.

   10

   The Botetourt men were well posted and
 considerably in advance of the right column,
 as they had given but little ground while
 the right was retiring after Lewis was shot.
 At no time did either column fight at a
 range of more than twenty yards, and when
 I crawled among Fleming’s men the range
 was not more than six yards, while here and
 there in the deeper growth were hand-to-
 hand struggles.

   “A big chunk of a fight!” screamed a
shrill voice, and Cousin was beside me,
wearing a brilliant scarlet jacket. As he
was crawling by me I caught him by the
heel and dragged him back.

   “You fool! Take that coat off!” I yelled.
 For the vivid ^splotch of color made hie a
 tempting target for every Indian gun. And
 the Shawnees were skilful marksmen even
 if less rapid than the whites because of their
 inability to clean their fouled weapons.

   Cousin drew up his leg to kick free, then
 smiled sweetly and said:

   “It’s my big day, Morris. Don’t go for
 to meddle with my medicine. Everything’s
 all right at last. I’ve found the long trace
 that leads to my little sister. She’s waitin’
 to put her hand in mine, as she used to do
 on Keeney’s Knob.”

   With that he suddenly jerked his leg free
 and sprang to his feet and streaked toward
 the savages, his blood-curdling panther-
 screech penetrating the heavier vibrations
 of the battle.

   He was lost to view in the brush and I
 had my work to do. I kept along the edge
 of the timber, and answered many anxious
 queries as to the fate of the right column.

 I	reassured them, but did not deeA it wise
 to tell of Colonel Lewis’ wound. I found
 the column quite close to the river and by
 the stubborn resistance it was meeting I
 knew the Indians were strongly posted.

   “Why don’t you whistle now?” they kept
 howling in concert, and referring to our
 #fifes which were still.

   “We’ll kill you all, and then go and speak
 to your big chief, (Dunmore),” was one of
 their promises.

   And there were other things shouted,
foul epithets, which I am ashamed to admit
could only have been learned from the
whites. And repeatedly did they encour-
age each other and seek to intimidate us
by yelling:

   “Drive the white, dogs over the river!
 Drive them like cattle into the water!”
146

Adventure

WHILE I kept well covered and was
completing my reconnaissance I was
hoiTified to see Colonel Fleming
walk into the clear ground. He fired at
an Indian who had showed himself for a
moment to make an insulting gesture.
He got his man, and the next second was
struck by three balls, two passing through
his left arm and the third penetrating his
left breast.

  He called out to his captains by name
and sharply ordered them to hold their
ground while he went to the rear to be
patched up. He was answered by hearty
cheers, but his absence was to be keenly
felt by his officers. He started to work his
way to the Point, but the exertion of bend-
ing and dodging from tree to stump sorely
taxed him. I ran to his aid just as Davis,
of Howard’s Creek, sprang from behind a
log and seized his right arm. Between us
we soon had him back in camp and his
shirt off. The lung tissue had been forced
through the wound a finger’s length. He
asked me to put it back. I attempted it
and failed, whereat he did it himself with-
out any fuss.

  On returning to the right column to make
a belated report to Colonel Field I ran
across the body of Mooney, my partner
on several scouts. He had been shot
through the head. It may here be said
that nearly all the dead on both sides were
shot through the head or chest, indicating
the accuracy of marksmanship on both sides.

  I found the Augusta men steadily pushing
the Indians back. But when they gave
ground quickly, as if in a panic, it was to
tempt the foolhardy into rushing forward.
The riflemen had learned their lesson, how-
ever, and maintained their alignment.
The advance was through nettles and briers,
up steep muddy banks and over fallen
timber.

  The warriors rushed repeatedly to the
very muzzles of our guns, and thus displayed
a brand of courage never surpassed, if ever
equaled, by the North American Indian
before. It was Cornstalk who was holding
them to the bloody work. His voice at
times sounded very close, but although we
all knew his death would count a greater
coup than the scalps of a hundred braves
we never could get him. He was too shrewd
and evasive.

  Once I believed I had him, for I had
located him behind a detached mound of

fallen timber. He was loudly calling out
for his men to be brave and to lie close,
when a warrior leaped up and started to
run to the rear. Then Cornstalk flashed
into view long enough to sink his ax into
the coward’s head. It was all done so
quickly that he dropped to cover unharmed.

  That was one of his ways of enforcing
obedience, a mode of terrorization never
before practised by a war-chief to my knowl-
edge. It was told afterward by the Shaw-
nees that he killed more than that weak-
hearted one during the long day. I saw
nothing of the other chiefs who attended
the conference in Cornstalk’s Town while
I was a prisoner. And yet they were there,
chiefs of Mingos, Wyandots, Delawares and
Ottawas.

  “They’re failin’ back! They’re failin’
back!” yelled a voice in advance of our
first line.

  And the scream of a panther told us it was
Cousin. He had worked across from the
left column, and we were soon beholding
his bright jacket in a tangle of logs and
stumps.

  The men advanced more rapidly, but did
not break their line; and it was evident
the savages were giving ground in earnest.
Our men renewed their cheering and their
lusty shouts were answered by the column
on the river-bank, still in advance of us.

  As it seemed we were about to rush the
enemy into a panic we received our second
heavy loss of the day. Colonel Field was
shot dead. He was standing behind a big
tree, reserving his fire for an Indian who had
been shouting filthy abuse at him. Poor
colonel! It was but a ruse to hold his at-
tention while savages up the slope and be-
hind fallen timber drew a bead on him.
Captain Evan Shelby assumed command
and ordered the men to keep up the ad-
vance.

  The Indians gave ground, but with no
signs of confusion. Observing our left
column was in advance of the right, Corn-
stalk was attempting to straighten his
line by pulling in his left. As we pressed
on we discovered the savages were scalping
their own dead to prevent their hair falling
into our hands. From the rear of the red
men came the sound of many tomahawks.
Cousin, who for a moment found himself at
my side, exulted:

  “Curse ’em! Their squaws an’ boys are
cuttin’ saplin’s for to carry off their
A Scout for Virginia

147

wounded! They’ll need a heap o’ stretchers
afore this day is over!”

  The sun was now noon-high and the heat
was beastly. The battle was at its climax.
The left column was near a little pond and
about fifty yards from the river, or a fourth
of a mile beyond the spot where Lewis was
shot. We had evened up this lead, and the
battle-line extended from the river and pond
to Crooked Creek and half-way down the
creek, running from west to east and then
southwest.

  Cornstalk’s plan was to coop us up in the
Point and drive us into the Kanawha and
Ohio. There were times when our whole
line gave ground, but only to surge ahead
again. Thus we seesawed back and forth
along a mile and a quarter of battle-line,
with the firing equal in intensity from wing
to wing. Nor had the Indians lost any of
their high spirits. Their retreat was merely
a maneuver. They kept shouting—

  “We’ll show you how to shoot!”

  “Why don’t you come along?”

  “Why don’t you whistle now?”

  “You’ll have two thousand to fight to-
morrow!”

  But the force that held them together
and impelled them to make the greatest
fight the American Indian ever put up, not
even excepting the battle of Bushy Run,
was Cornstalk. Truly he was a great
man, measured even by the white man’s
standards!

  “Be strong! Be brave! Lie close! Shoot
well!” flowed almost uninterruptedly from
his lips.

  Davis, of Howard’s Creek, went by me,
making for the rear with a shattered right
arm and a ghastly hole through his cheek.
He tried to grin on recognizing me. Word
was passed on from our rear that runners
had been sent to hurry up Colonel Christian
and his two hundred men. Among the
captains killed by this time were John
Murray and Samuel Wilson. It was a few
minutes after the noon hour that Cousin
emerged from the smoke on my right and
howled—

  “There’s old Puck-i-shin-wa!”

  He darted forward, clearing all obstacles
with the ease of a deer. I saw the Shawnee
chief, father of Tecumseh, snap his piece at
the boy. Then I saw him go down with
Cousin’s lead through his painted head.
Two savages sprang up and Cousin killed
one with his remaining barrel. The other

fired pointblank, and by the way Cousin fell
I knew his object in wearing the scarlet
jacket was attained. He had wished to
die this day in the midst of battle.

  William White killed Cousin’s slayer.
The boy was in advance of the line and
his coat made him conspicuous. Doubtless
the savages believed him to be an important
officer because of it.

  Five of them rushed in to secure his
scalp, and each fell dead, and their bodies
concealed the boy from view. Up to one
o’clock the fighting raged with undimin-
ished fury, with never any cessation of their
taunts and epithets and Cornstalk’s sten-
torian encouragement.

  Now it is never in Indian nature to pro-
long a conflict once it is obvious they must
suffer heavy losses. They consider it the
better wisdom to run away and await an
opportunity when the advantage will be
with them. Cornstalk had been confident
that his early morning attack would drive
us into the rivers, thus affording his forces
on the opposite banks much sport in picking
us off.

  But so fiercely contested had been the
battle that none of our dead had been
scalped except Hughey and two or three
men who fell at the first fire. By all that
we had learned of Indian nature they
should now, after six hours of continuous
fighting, be eager to withdraw. They had
fought the most bitterly contested battle
ever participated in by their race.

  Nor had they, as in Braddock’s defeat,
been aided by white men. There were, to
be true, several' white men among them,
such as Tavenor Ross, John Ward and
George Collet; but these counted no more
than ordinary warriors and Collet was killed
before the fighting was half over. Accord-
ing to all precedents the battle should have
ended in an Indian rout by the time the siua
crossed the meridian. Instead the savages
stiffened their resistance and held their
line.

  Our men cheered from parched throats
when word was passed that Collet’s body
had been found and identified. Poor devil!
Perhaps it opened the long trace to him,
where everything would be made right.
He was captured when a child and had re-
sponded to the only environment he had
ever known.

  The case of such as Collet—yes, and of
John Ward and Ross—is entirely different
148

Adventure

from that of Timothy Dorman, and others
of his kind, who was captured when a grown
man and who turned renegade to revenge
himself for wrongs, real or fancied, on his
old neighbors.

RJkSI IT WAS not until after seven hours of
/KJi fighting that we detected any falling
^ off in the enemy’s resistance. Even
then the savages had the advantage of an
excellent position, and to press them was
extremely hazardous business. We con-
tinued to crowd them, however, until they
were lined up on a long ridge which extended
from the small marsh where Cousin and I
first saw Robertson and Sevier, for half
a mile to the east, where it was cut by the
narrow bed of Crooked Creek.

  None of us needed to be told that so long
as the enemy held this ridge our camp at
the Point was in grave danger. From the
riflemen along the Ohio word came that the
Indians were throwing their dead into the
river, while squaws and boys were dragging
back their wounded.

  This had a heartening effect on us, for it
indicated a doubt was creeping into the
minds of the savages. Once they permitted
the possibility of defeat to possess them
their effectiveness would decrease. Com-
pany commanders called on their men to
take the ridge, but to keep their line intact.

  With wild cheers the men responded and
buckled down to the grueling task. Every
patch of fallen timber proved to be an In-
dian fort, where the bravest of the tribes
fought until' they were killed. It was stub-
born traveling, but our riflemen were not to
be denied.

  From along the line would come cries of:
  “Remember Tygart’s Valley!”
  “Remember Carr’s Creek!”

  “Remember the Clendennins!”

  And always Cornstalk’s voice answered:
  “Be strong! Be brave! Fight hard!”

  So we struggled up the slope, gaining a
yard at a time and counting it a triumph
if we passed a pile of dead timber and
gained another a few feet beyond.

  When we were most encouraged the In-
dians began mocking us and shouting
exultingly and informing us that the war-
riors across the Kanawha and Ohio had
attacked our camp and were massacring the
small force retained there. This statement,
repeatedly hurled at us with every sem-
blance of savage gloating, tended to weaken

the men’s one purpose. We could cap-
ture the ridge—but! Behind our determi-
nation crawled the fear that we might be
assailed in the rear at any moment.

  Captain Shelby was quick to realize the
depressing influence of this kind of talk, and
shouted for the word to be passed that it
was an Indian trick, that our troops were
guarding the Kanawha for half a mile up
the stream and that the warriors on the
Indian shore could not cross over without
the column on our left discovering the move.

 This prompted our common sense to
return to us, and we remembered that
Andrew Lewis was too cool and shrewd
to be caught napping. The Point was
sprinkled with huge trees and it would take
a big force to clear it of our reserves; and
the bulk of the enemy was before us on the
ridge.

  With renewed vigor we made greater
exertions and at last reached the top of the
ridge and cleared it. But even then the
Indians were not defeated. They charged
us with ferocious energy time after time,
and the best we could do was to cling to our
position and let them bring the fighting to
us. So different was their behavior from
any we had been familiar with in previous
engagements we began to wonder if they
would violate other Indian precedents and
continue the battle into the night.

  It was not until three or four o’clock that
we noticed any lessening in their efforts to
retake the ridge. At the best this afford-
ed us only a short breathing-spell. There
were many warriors still hidden along the
slopes drained by Crooked Creek. Our
line was so long there was always danger of
the Indians concentrating and breaking
it.

  So long as we stuck to the ridge on the
defensive the enemy had the advantage of
the initiative. A runner brought up word
from Colonel Lewis to learn the strength
of the savages in the hills along the creek,
and I was directed to reconnoiter.

C5A I MADE for the creek from the
south slope of the ridge. Sliding
down the muddy bank, I ascended
the opposite slope and began making my
way toward the point where the creek cut
through the ridge. I encountered no In-
dians, although axes and knives on the
ground showed where they had been
stationed before retiring.
A Scout for Virginia

149

  I passed through the cut and was sud-
denly confronted by what I thought at
first must be the devil. The fellow was
wearing the head of a buffalo, horns and
tangled forelock and all. Through the
eye-slits gleamed living eyes. The shock
of his grotesque appearance threw me off
my guard for a moment. He leaped upon
me and we went down the bank into the
bed of the creek.

  He had his ax ready to use but I caught
his hand. His hideous mask proved to be
his undoing, for as we rolled about it became
twisted. I was quick to see my advantage.
Relying on one hand to hold his wrist, I
used all my quickness and strength and
succeeded in turning the mask half-way
around, leaving him blind and half-smoth-
ered. I killed him with his own ax before
he could remove his cumbersome headgear.

  As none of his companions had come to
his rescue I knew this marked their most
advanced position in the hills. Having
learned all I could without sacrificing my
life, I began my retreat down the creek and
narrowly escaped being shot by one of our
own men.

  Captain Shelby ordered me to report to
Colonel Lewis, which I did, running at top
speed without attempting to keep under
cover. I found the reserves had thrown
up a breastwork from the Ohio to the Kana-
wha, thus inclosing the camp on the Point.
It lacked half an hour of sunset when I
reached the camp.

  Colonel Lewis heard me, then ordered
Captains Isaac Shelby, Arbuckle, Mat-
thews and Stuart to lead their companies
up Crooked Creek under cover of the bank
until they could secure a position behind
the Indians and enfilade their main line.
I scouted ahead of this force. We circled
the end of the Indian line, but were at once
discovered.

  Instead of this being our undoing, it
proved to be all in our favor. Cornstalk’s
spies had kept him informed of Colonel
Christian’s presence a few miles from the
Point. He took it for granted that this
force in the hills behind his line was rein-
forcements brought up by Christian, and this
belief caused him to order a general retire-
ment across Old Town Creek. At. that time
Christian was fifteen miles from the Point.
Sunset found us in full possession of the
battle-field.

  Leaving strong outposts, we retired to the

well-protected camp, rejoicing loudly and
boasting of more than two-score scalps.
We carried off all our dead and wounded.
The exact Indian loss was never definitely
settled but it must have equaled, if not
exceeded, ours. More than a score Were
found in the woods covered deep with brush,
and many were thrown into the river.

  This battle ended Dunmore’s War, also
known as Cresap’s War and the Shawnee
War. So far as actual fighting and losses
are considered it was a drawn battle. But
as Cornstalk could not induce his men to
renew the conflict, and inasmuch as they
retreated before morning to the Indian
shore, the victory must be held to be with
the backwoodsmen.

  And yet the tribes were not entirely
downcast, for during the early evening they
continued to taunt us and to repeat their
threats of bringing an army of two thousand
on to the field in the morning. In fact,
many of our men believed the savages had
a shade the best of the fight, and would
renew hostilities in the morning.

THAT night we buried Shelby
Cousin on the bank of the Kanawha
and built a fire over his grave to
conceal it. Colonel Christian arrived at
midnight, and there was some lurid pro-
fanity when his men learned they had ar-
rived too late for the fighting. One week
after the battle eleven hundred troops
crossed the Ohio to carry the war to the
Indian towns for a final decision.

  When thirteen miles % south of Chilli-
cothe, the town Governor Dunmore had
ordered us to attack and destroy, a message
arrived from his lordship, directing Colonel
Lewis to halt his advance, for peace was about
to be made. Hostile bands had fired upon
us that very morning, and the position
was not suitable for a camp. Colonel
Lewis continued the march for a few miles.
Another messenger arrived with orders
for us to halt, for the peace was about to be
consummated.

  We went into camp on Congo Creek,
about five miles from Chillicothe. The
men raged something marvelous. They
insisted that no decisive battle had been
fought and that we had thrown away nearly
a hundred lives if the fighting were not
renewed. The Shawnees were in our power.
What folly to let them escape!

  Dunmore and White Eyes, the friendly
150

Adventure

Delaware chief, rode into camp and con-
ferred with Colonel Lewis; and as a result
we started the next day for Point Pleasant
and Virginia. The men were all but out of
bounds, so furious were they at not being
loo9©d at the Shawnees.

 Then began the talk that Dunmore
brought on the war to keep our backwoods-
men busy in event the colonies rebelled
against England; also, that he closed it
prematurely so that the Indians might con-
tinue a menace to the border and thus keep
the frontier men at home.

  I was as hot as any against his lordship
for the way the campaign ended. We de-
manded blood for blood in those days; and
never had the Virginia riflemen a better
chance for inflicting lasting punishment on
their ancient foes. And we were quick to
blame his lordship for a variety of unwhole-
some motives.

  But with political rancor long since
buried, we can survey that campaign more
calmly .and realize that as a result of the
battle the northwest Indians kept quiet
for the first two years of the Revolution-
ary War, arid that during this period Ken-
tucky was settled and the vast continent
west of the Alleghanies was saved to the
Union.

  If the battle of Bushy Run took the heart
out of the tribes confederated under
Pontiac’s masterly leadership, then Dun-
more’s War permitted us to begin life as a
republic without having the Alleghanies
for our western boundary. Nor can I hold
in these latter days that his lordship was
insincere in waging the war; for England
was against it from the first.

  I believe he pushed the war as vigor-
ously and shrewdly as he knew how; and I
believe his was the better judgment in
securing the best peace-terms possible
instead of heaping defeat on defeat until the
allied tribes had nothing left to bargain for.
So I give his lordship credit for making
a good bargain with the Indians, and a
bargain which aided the colonists during
the struggle almost upon them. But I
was very happy when Colonel Andrew
Lewis drove him from Virginia.

CHAPTER XIII

PEACE COMES TO THE CLEARING

EARLY Winter, and the wind was crisp
and cold as I rode into ^Howard’s
Creek. Smoke rose from the cabins. I
limped toward the Davis cabin, a strange
shyness holding me back. Some one inside
was singfeig:

  “Ye daughters and sons of Virginia incline
    Your ears to a story of wo;

  I sing of a time when your fathers and mine
    Fought for us on the Ohio.

  In seventeen hundred and seventy-four,

    The month of October, we know,

  An army of Indians, two thousand or more,
    Encamped on the Ohio.”

  There was a whirl of linsey petticoats
behind me, and two plump arms were about
my neck; and her dear voice was sobbing:
“They didn’t know! I feared you were
dead beyond the Ohio!”

  “But I sent you a message!” I protested,
patting her bowed head. “I sent word by
Moulton that it was only an arrow-wound
in the leg, and that I must wait.”

 “And he never came, nor brought your
word! He stopped in Tygart’s Valley and
sent his brother to bring Mrs. Moulton and
the children. One man said he heard you
had been hurt. I wrote to Colonel Lewis, but
he was not at Richfield. So I never knew!”
We walked aside, and I petted her and
listened to her dear voice and forgot the
cold wind biting into my thin blood, forgot
I would always walk with a slight limp.
When we did awake, because the early
dusk was filling the clearing, the singer was
finishing his seventeen-stanza song—

“As Israel did mourn and her daughters did wcep>
  For Saul and his host on Gilbow,

We’ll morn Colonel Field and the heroes who sleep
  On the banks of the Ohio.”

  And I thought of Shelby Cousin and the
others, who gave their lives that we might
meet thus without the war-whoop inter-
rupting our wooing. And I wondered if our
children’s children would ever realize that
the deaths died at Point Pleasant made life
and happiness possible for them. I prayed
it might be so, for lonely graves are not so
lonely if they are not forgotten.

THE END
In His Prime

    ty-lPc^erDdniels

—i

THE beginning was back in the days
when taking cargoes up and down
the Great Lakes was no child’s
play. Donovan had reveled in it;
coming down from Duluth, just a village
then, a scattered place on the side of a hill,
before winds that had sprung into being
not nearer than the Rockies, gaining
strength as they came; tearing past less
skilful skippers; getting bonus money for
record trips; that was life!

  Then gradually had come the marvels
of ore-loading, huge derricks and endltjss
streams of carriers that made time fly; great
steel ore-boats that numbered hatches well
up in the twenties; clumsy-looking whale-
backs that wallowed awash whenever the
wind cut capers; the Poe lock that made the
engineering-feat of the old one a mere step-
ping-stone to real achievement; the Cana-
dian lock that could put through a ship in
seven minutes. All these had warned Dono-
van of the changing order. The days gained
were those in port. Running up and down
the Lakes had become a scheduled thing.
In these later years the record bonuses were
won by the loading and unloading crews.

  Donovan had turned to tugs. The old
adventure still clung to the little fellows;
theirs was still the catch-as-catch-can life,
a grim fight for the survival of the fittest.
In all this scheduled business of ore from
Duluth and coal and what-not back—some-
times ballast—the tugs stood aloof; fought
for tows; vied in the skill of handling log-
rafts down the Lakes.

  From as far back as he could remember;
from the time he had planned to have the

little house on the hill, a friendly place
where a crony could yarn away the night,
a place with a bit of garden in Summer and
a well-stocked wood-pile in Winter, Captain
Donovan had dreamed of this day when he
would retire.

  He had sensed something queer the day
before when Mr. Warrington, owner of the
tugboat company, had asked him to come
down to the office in the morning. Every
day Donovan’s tug, the Fannie L., was at
the “Soo” he reported to the company
office. Why in the world he should be re-
quested specially to come, when they knew
he would come anyway, was no small mys-
tery. He had worried away the night over
it. The first spirit of unrest in a whole un-
troubled life.

  Promptly at the designated hour Dono-
van made his appearance at the company’s
office.

  “We have decided to put you on the re-
tired list, Captain Donovan,” Warrington
had said. “It is high time you had the rest
you deserve. Young Sparks will take over
the Fannie L. in the Spring.”

  Donovan might have been standing be-
fore a judge in black cap pronouncing the
death-sentence. The word struck him numb
and cold. Somehow he managed to make
reply and had found his way out to the dock.

  Now he stood there bewildered. To look
at him one might have judged he was a
modern Atlas with the world on his shoul-
ders. Slowly he picked his way along the
dock, all unmindful of salutations, and after
the longest walk of his life came to the snug
little house on Gore Street, on the top of the
152

Adventure

hill that overlooks the town, from where
one can see the lower reaches of Superior or
the channel lose itself around Sugar Island
down-river.

  It was his custom on reaching the sum-
mit to pause a moment and with his eye
sweep the river west and east, as a fond
father might watch his children at play.
Never had he missed the opportunity the
hill offered. Now he trudged up the walk
into the house with never a backward glance.

  He buried himself in the red-plush rocker
that faced the built-in fireplace, the mantel
of which was adorned with trimmings from
half-forgotten tugboats. He gazed absently
at the brass clock, centrally placed among
the relics. Quarter past eight. It was
barely an hour since he had gone down to
the company’s office. It seemed like a life-
time. For the better part of fifty years he
had lived for this hour.

  Times without number before this very
fireplace or down at the genial Algoma he
had told his friends of the things he would
do when he retired. Through that inward
eye of the mind he had seen himself lording
it over the younger men and telling of the
feats he had performed. They would laugh
at him if he dared tell of them now. The
pretty picture was smashed to atoms. And
by that insignificant Warrington. The
shame of it; the irony; the bitterness. He
had been laid on the shelf in his prime. His
life of usefulness was outlived. He had been
fired!

  Yet he could not and would not believe
it. Mr. Warrington had make a mistake.
But the little clock on the mantel sadly
ticked back to him that he was wrong. It
was true. And it cut deeper than any knife.

  The Fannie L. was hauled up for minor
repairs that morning so there was nothing
for him to do but sit in front of the fireplace,
gaze at its rusty irons and rake over the
ashes of his vanished dreams. Only the
week before he had looked to his guns and
put them in order, not that they needed at-
tention, but rather, with a fatherly fondness.

  If he knew the Great Lakes from Duluth
to Buffalo and every inch between, so also
he knew every twist and turn the Upper
Goulais made. He had whipped trout from
one end of it to the other; when snow came
he knew where the moose-runs crossed its
banks. The Upper Goulais was to have
been the land of his retirement.

  As he loved the life of the Lakes, so too,

he loved the great open stretches of the
Height of Land; the sheer falls of granite
over which white water tumbled; the un-
beaten paths through the Great Bush that
lay north of Superior.

  Every yearning hope had been put away
carefully against the day when he would
lord it over those hills in season and out.
Now all that was gone.

      SUMMER had been hot, stifling.
C-Qj| So when the season changed to the
“ ™ more pleasant Indian Summer, the
Soo felt relief and was glad. But none
of its smiles touched the heart of Donovan.
He coveted each day as man covets fife
itself.

  In anticipation of its five months’ rest,
shipping grew heavier. Donovan, like a
man in a dream, bent himself in the stream
of lake-traffic late and early, striving as he
never had before, in the feeble hope that
Mr. Warrington might see his error and
retrieve the awful blunder. But no such
reconsideration appeared to be forthcoming.
The only ray of hope he had was that Mr.
Warrington had told no one else of his re-
tirement. Neither had young Sparks been
told that he was to have the Fannie L. in the
Spring. Donovan prayed with all his heart
and soul that some chance might come to
redeem all that had been lost.

  The warm days lingered. The schedule
of the Lakes clung on. Donovan robbed
each hour of each day of the wealth that
suddenly had come to mean so much to him.
Then to put hurried halt to such unprec-
edented liberties came Winter in one
night. Morning found St. Mary’s River
filled with ice, brought down through the
rapids from Lake Superior. Abruptly all
shipping ceased.

  During the next few days belated freight-
ers were caught in the floes and limped into
improvised Winter moorings, storm-bat-
tered and shrouded with ice. Donovan took
the Fannie L. to her berth with the air of a
man going to his own funeral. Still he was
loathe to leave. He was resolute in his
determination to stay aboard until the tug
was ice-bound. He would remain to the
bitter end.

  There was no comfort for him in the
preparations- of the river-front, laying up
for the Winter. What if the whole little
world of the Lakes had stopped short for
the time being with its mind turned toward
In His Prime

153

Spring, anticipating five months’ rest and
then the new season? Donovan had come
to the end of the tether. He had moored
the Fannie L. for the last time.

  The Winter now coming on, already here
in fact, held nothing for him. Spring was a
hideous nightmare. He tried to argue with
himself that he should not take it so hard,
but the argument proved futile. When a
man has lived his life toward a certain goal,
whether that goal be fame, fortune or sec-
ond youth, it breaks his heart to see his goal
vanish as completely as a bubble bursts.
Donovan’s goal had done just that. Try
as he might, he could not bring himself to
see it in any other light.

  His only hope lay in Mr. Warrington, and
now that lake-traffic had virtually ended,
even that hope had vanished. Still he re-
fused to leave the Fannie L. until the last
vestige of life on the Lakes was frozen in.
Still he kept up steam and waited for the
undreamed, whatever it might be, wherever
it might lead, to save him.

  And even as he waited there came tid-
ings that swept over the Soo like the
knell of calamity. The last boat to come
struggling down Superior brought the story
that the keepers of Whitefish Light had had
their boat crushed in the ice trying to get
off. The tale spread from home to home all
over the Soo.

  Every living soul in the town knew within
the hour that the men were nearly out of
provisions and that it would be weeks be-
fore the ice was frozen solid enough to bear
them to mainland. Tragedy was so close
it seemed just the other side of the Soo’s
backyard fence. Something must be done.
The lighthouse tender had been forced to
tie up somewhere below Mackinac. In its
stead the government revenue cutter Ottawa
went to rescue the imprisoned men.

  Donovan, standing in the pilot-house of
the Fannie L., watched the Ottawa go. The
cutter was a smart something. Too smart,
too bedecked in brass and fittings, mused
Donovan as he watched her. He knew the
job ahead. It was a rough-and-ready job,
the kind of work the Fannie L. was built for.
He was on the point of putting the thought
into action when another brain-musing told
him to bide his time. The Ottawa would
fail.

  He was not moved to deep pity for the
men at the light. Ordinarily his heart would
have gone out to them. Now it was far too

heavy to respond to any call but one, and
as he thought of the light-keepers, Donovan
was very sure that the call was coming.
What if it should spell failure for him as
well as for the Ottawa? If it did he would
not come back to tell of it. There was not
the remotest fear in the thought.

  Even as he stood in the pilot-house of his
tug he was as much cut off from the world
he had lived for as were the men at the
light. He knew ice could tear wicked gashes
in the best of hulls. But old Superior was
kind and let sleeping things lie. Her dead
never came back. Patiently he bided his
time and waited for the Ottawa to return.

IT WAS late in the afternoon of the
following day that the government
cutter reappeared above St. Mary’s
Rapids, steaming slowly down toward the
locks. An eager, expectant crowd had gath-
ered by the Lime she came in. They had
gathered fearfully and half-expected the
news that soon swept wraith-like up and
down the locks and out beyond into the
town. The light-keepers were not on the
Ottawa. She had tried to reach them again
and again, only to be pushed roughly aside
by the grinding, merciless ice. If the story
spread gloom over the whole town, it fired
the heart of Donovan.

  Barely had the Ottawa reached her moor-
ing when the Fannie L. rasped away from
hers, backwatered into the channel and blew
for the lock. The strident challenge of it
settled down over river and town like a bat-
tle-cry. Mr. Warrington, in the tugboat
office going over the season’s record of profit
and loss, heard it. He went to the window
to make sure and then grabbed madly for
his hat and coat.

  Fifteen minutes later he was bobbing up
and down the lock wall like a loose-jointed
jumping-jack, a screaming fury who hurled
anathema at the imperturbable Donovan.
The truth of the matter was that for all his
haste Mr. Warrington had arrived at the
lock a trifle too late to stop either Donovan
or the Fannie L. The upper gate had swung
open. The Fannie L. had flung off both bow
and stern lines.

  The only answer Mr. Warrington had for
all his racket was a mocking swush-swush
that bubbled fiendishly under the tug’s
stern as she got away. But the little owner
stuck to his task manfully. He ran along
the lock wall for half a mile, cursing and
154

Adventure

praying by turn, and stopped finally, only
from sheer despair.

  “See what comes of trusting a first-class
tug to a doddering old numbskull!” he
wailed. “Donovan should have been re-
tired years ago.”

  As his mind went back to the profit and
loss figures he had another fit of sorrow.
The Fannie L. was gone; that was certain.
Mr. Warrington never expected to see the
tug again.

  When Donovan swung clear of the ship
canal and veered the tug around until she
butted her stubborn nose against the cur-
rent and the teeth of the wind, he knew well
that there was a real night’s work to be done.
The tug was lashed down ready for it. He
held her so she skirted the larger floes and
made her cut viciously into the smaller
ones. There would come a dull thud as he
put her head on into a heavy mass of ice,
wormed her bow shrough it, and then eased
away to send the great lumps a-thumping
along her beam. She was built for rough
work and held to her task grimly.

  They had laid him on the shelf in his
prime. He would show them! Point aux
Pines slipped past, a purple-black smudge
against the northern horizon. Up beyond
its dark shadow was to have been the land
of his retirement; all that was gone now; the
most he could hope for was to save his pride.

  It was nearly midnight when intermittent
flashes of light cut through the black night
directly ahead. The men were still at
Whitefish. Donovan leaned into his work.
The wheel could spin like a saucer in oil, but
he held it in a grip of iron and put his weight
to the turn as if he were taking the tug to
port or starboard through the ice-field by
sheer strength.

  The Fannie L., as if part of him, dodged
this way and that, getting her blunt nose
down every now and then to butt a recalci-
trant floe and send it swirling and groaning
along her flank out of the course.

  Another hour passed before Donovan
brought the tug to half-speed. Far above,
the light winked feebly, its lenses fashioned
to save the whiter gleam fpr the distant
channel, the flash of it cutting a wide arc
through the inky blackness overhead. He
saw three waving figures, outlined against
the base of the light’s towering shaft and
thought he caught a faint hallo. There was
no time to waste with mere signals. Rather,
Donovan was busy with the lay of things.

Cautiously, as a cat picks its way up a
strange alley, he felt a course through the
slush ice between the menacing floes, slowly
circling the light.

  He saw that the floes coming down the
lake had piled an ever changing barrier of
ice around the rocks on which the light
stood. It was evident that in attempting
to launch their boat through this grinding
barrier, the light-keepers had met disaster.
The tug might easily have plowed her
way through it but the water there was shal-
low and kept her off. It would be folly for
the men to attempt to s\^m through the
freezing water to the tug. Some way must
be found to reach them. The task looked
impossible. Little wonder it had baffled the
Ottawa.

  Twice Donovan sent the tug creeping
around this wicked strip of rock and ice as
he tried to find a*%ay to the imprisoned
men. Then the gong in the engine-room
clanged a staccato order. The tug swung
suddenly into the wind. Donovan had
found his element. They had shelved him
in his prime. He, who could handle a raft
with the best of them. The Ottawa had
known nothing of rafts.

  Some two hundred yards up the lake a
huge floe loomed up through the darkness,
bearing down past the light. There was a
raft to handle. An ice-raft that weighed
tons. A battering-ram that could laugh at
shallow water and jagged rocks and crash
through the barrier of ice surrounding the
light as a thrown brick shatters glass.

  The job was to put it to work. With a
full head of steam Donovan sent the tug
quivering into it; fought for warping-room;
gained an inch; slowly forced the sullen
mass to a halt. Then began the struggle for
dear fife.

  The steam-exhaust from the tug roared
like some beast of prey as she flung the ice-
raft back against the current. Then Dono-
van swung her clear again and went hard to
port, circling the ice-floe until the tug could
poke her nose into the up-lake end of it.
Then the exhaust chanted a double fury
against the wind, as the Fannie L., almost
lifting her bow out of the water, sent the
huge mass to bore down on the barrier that
had made the Ottawa's attempt futile.

  The men at the light grasped what was hap-
pening and in another moment as the huge
ice-raft smashed through Donovan bellowed
and they ran for it, making a wild scramble
In His Prime

155

over the bridge of ice to the tug. They tum-
bled over the side of the tug just before the
whole mass of ice heaved, hung motionless
for a second and then crumbled into a thou-
sand pieces with the black water surging up
through the ever widening crevices. Snort-
ing triumph, the Fannie L. churned back
from the rocks to safety.

IT WAS dawn, when Donovan
brought her, bruised and weary,
down through the locks. He had
run up every sign of a flag the tug’s locker
possessed and it was with gaily floating pen-
nons that she made her triumphal return.
News of her coming brought half the Soo
to her dock by the time she had locked
through. Little Mr. Warrington hoped the
town was there in its entirety as he bounded
over the tug’s side and burst into Captain
Donovan’s arms.

  “Hurrah for Donovan!” he cried. “I knew
you could do it! I knew you could do it!”
Every whistle along the river shrieked
bedlam. There were other praises and rous-
ing cheers, hosts of them. Words of heart-
felt thanks were mingled with the tears of
joy from relatives and friends of the rescued
light-keepers. But Donovan hardly heard.
His ear was tense for something else from
Mr. Warrington’s lips. It came when the
first fluster was over. Donovan was gra-
ciously asked to come to the tugboat
office.

  “We have made a grave error, Captain
Donovan,” said Mr. Warrington rather
pompously. “Young Sparks, fortunately,
has not been told, so there is no difficulty
about it. Of course you will take over the
Fannie L. in the Spring!”

  If on the former occasion, the tugboat

office had yawned suddenly abysmal to him,
now with equal suddenness it crowded down
upon and cramped Donovan. He wanted
to take a full breath, the first for weeks.
The dingy little place was entirely too small
to hold him. He burst forth into the freer
air.

  As he hurried down the dock he smiled
right and left to all who passed. Yet for
all his haste he gained the summit of Gore
Street some ten minutes later with barely
heaving lungs. Arrived there, he fingered,
as was his custom, while his eye swept the
river west and east. He saw that the lower
reaches of Superior were gray; a white bar
blocked the channel around Sugar Island.
Then he entered the house.

  He might have been an hour, perhaps two,
in his labor of putting everything shipshape.
At last the smallest relic on the mantel was
in order. The brass clock ticked peacefully.
The iron kettle sang merrily on the crooked
hook over the fire. The tiniest speck had
vanished from his resplendent guns. His
shoe-packs were newly greased. Then, and
not until then, did he pause in his work of
putting everything ready for the new day.
Satisfied with his efforts, he searched for
pen and paper and drew himself up to his
table.

WHS “WELL, would you look at that!”
imni SasPec- the astonished Mr. Warring-
ton, the next morning over his mail.

  Donovan, climbing down from the jerky
lumber train of the Algoma Central at the
Goulais River crossing, winked knowingly
at the snow-capped hills and wondered how
much consternation his resignation had
caused. Truly, his day had come. And the
way he had planned it!
Arthur O.Friel

Author of “The Tapir,” “The Vampire," etc.

I BELIEVE that story of yours, senhor.
You tell me that while you two North
Americans were far out on the great
ocean, steaming southward on your
way to explore our Amazon headwaters, a
vulture came speeding from nowhere and
settled in the rigging of another boat near
you; and that soon afterward a terrible
storm swept that vessel to her doom.

  Yes, I believe it. For I know, as all
Brazilians know, the fiendish power those
ugly birds have of scenting death even be-
fore death strikes. And we rubber-workers
of the wild Javary region, who see much of
death, see much also of those vile things
which live on death.

  Sometimes, senhores, we see vultures
without wings, which walk about in the
shape of men. Yes, human vultures, who
scent human weakness as do their foul
brothers of the air, and come from afar to
prey on that weakness until they have
stripped their victims to the bare bones.
And now, while we stream on down the
Amazon, I can tell you the tale of one of
those creatures—a tale of the bush but yet
not of the bush; for these things came about
not in the depths of the unknown jungle but
in a jungle town on the banks of the Javary.

  That town is Remate de Males. In your
language Remate de Males means “culmina-
tion of evils.” Yet it is not a bad town, as
these upper Amazon towns go. It got its

name, I have heard, from the sufferings of
the first people who settled there—fever
and famine and other misfortunes which
attacked them until out of twenty settlers
only four survived. Even now it is no real
town like Manaos and other places on this
great river.

  But to us seringueiros, who toil for months
among the dangers and diseases of the
swamp-lands, it is a place where we can go
and amuse ourselves when the floods drive
us from our work. And when men have
labored long in the wilderness with Death
always lurking at their backs, any town
where they can play is not a bad town at all.

  At the time of high water I came into
Remate de Males with a young comrade,
Pedro Andrada, who, like myself, worked on
the big seringal of Coronel Nunes. We
were more than fellow workers; we were
comrades. Recently we had been out on a
long roving trip along the Brazilian-Peru-
vian frontier, and had come back so gaunt
and tired that we were glad to rest for a
time at the headquarters of the coronel.

  But after a few days of ease we found this
very dull, since most of the other men had
gone out to spend their time and money at
their homes, or, if their homes were too far
away, at Remate de Males. So, after
drawing some money from the coronel, we
paddled down the river for several days
until we reached the town.

^56
The Vulture

157

  There we hitched cur dugout to one of the
posts before the door of a trader named Joa-
quim, whom we knew well, and went inside.
Several friends of ours were loafing there,
and for a time they kept us busy telling of
our adventures on that rambling trip. Then
we asked what we could do to enjoy our-
selves. They grinned.

  “If you have a pocketful of money you
can do anything you like at the house of
Urubu,” answered one.

  “The house of the Vulture? I do not
understand,” I said.

  “You are behind the times, Lourenfo,”
another man laughed. “You have not been
here since the last flood; is it not so? We
now have a real urubu, and he will give
you any game you like and pick you
clean.”

  “This sounds interesting,” said my com-
rade Pedro, his brown eyes twinkling.
“Remate de Males is becoming quite a city.
What sort of thing is this Urubu of which
you speak?”

  Then spoke Joaquim the trader, and his
tone was sour:

  “He is a remate de males in himself. If
there is anything worse than he I have not
yet seen it. He takes the life from honest
men and devours their bodies afterward.”
The men looked at one another. Then
one said:

  “That is a hard thing to say, Joaquim. I
think you are jealous because we spend
money there instead of here. Urubu is no
cannibal.”

  “Where are Ricardo Bautista and Alberto
Alencar?” demanded Joaquim. “Each was
drunk at his place, and the next morning
each was gone. Gone where? No man has
seen them since.”

  Nobody spoke. Joaquim went on.

  “I would not say that he actually ate
them. But there is a jacare-assu—a huge
alligator—living under his house, and per-
haps that reptile could tell things if he
would. A jacare does not live where it finds
no food.”

  Again there was silence. Then Helio
Alves said slowly:

  “I have been wondering what became of
that girl Januaria. You remember her,
friends—the big girl with the very red
mouth. I liked her. The last time I saw
her she said she was going to quit him.
That was nearly a week ago. Has any one
seen her lately?”

  The others shook their heads. A fellow
named Miguel said:

  “There has been no boat this week. She
must be here still. Perhaps she is sick.”
“Ask that jacare under the house where
she is,” sneered Joaquim.

  “I will ask Urubu to his face where she
is,” growled Helio.

  “And I will ask Maria, my own sweet-
heart, what has become of her,” added
Miguel.

I BROKE in then and told them we
were still waiting to learn who and
what this Urubu might be. Miguel
told me:

  “His name is Aracu. But some man who
was half-drunk in his place, so that his tongue
got twisted, called him Urubu, and the name
fitted him so well that he has been Urubu
here ever since. He looks like a king vulture.

  “He came first, they tell me, to Nazareth,
across the river there in Peru. He wanted a
house here in Remate de Males, where more
people come; but he could not find one
empty and he would not build one. Instead
he got Domicio Malaguetta to drinking and
gambling in his place in Nazareth. Domi-
cio owned the finest house here, except the
hotel. Before long that house and every-
thing in it belonged to Urubu.

  “Domicio and his family had to go and
live in a mean little barracdo, where he and
his wife died of fever. The place that used
to be Domicio’s home is now a house of
entertainment rim by Urubu. Perhaps you
remember Domicio.”

  I did remember Domicio. He had been
quite a prosperous trader, and a steady sort
of man, though fond of his drink. I was
sorry to hear of his miserable end. As I
thought of it I remembered something else.

  “Domicio had a pretty young daughter,”
I said. “What has become of her?”

  “She is in the house of Urubu. She had
no money, and a girl must live. She is not
so pretty now.”

  At this we scowled. The daughter of
Domicio was nothing to us, but this thing
displeased us. Miguel went on:

  “There are other girls. Where they come
from I do not know, but they come here
with Domengos Peixoto. Domengos is a
great friend of Urubu, and he seems quite
prosperous now. He wears a gold watch
and chain, travels up and down the big
river, and does not drink so hard as he did.”
158

Adventure

  This was surprizing news to us. When we
had last been here this Domengos Peixoto
had been a low, ragged drunkard whom no-
body liked and nobody would trust—a
hanger-on at places where card-games were
played, and always thirsting for a drink.
It was hard to imagine him sober, well
dressed and traveling about like a gentle-^
man.

  “I see,” said Pedro, his voice hard. “Do-
mengos travels on the river—and brings
girls here. I see. I think I will go and look
at Domengos. I am curious to know how
he looks with his face washed.”

  “He is not here now,” said some one.
“He has been away for a time.”

  “Then I will look at this Urubu who owns
Domengos. I suppose I shall not offend
you by offering to buy you all a drink?”

  Every one sat up as if he had suddenly
heard a voice calling him.

  “To show you how much offended I am,”
Miguel laughed, “I will allow you to buy me
two drinks.”

  We trooped out, leaving Joaquim looking
after us sourly, but wistfully too. After
what he had said, he could not well go to the
house of Urubu and drink. Perhaps he
consoled himself with some of his own
cachassa when we were gone.

  In our dugouts and montarias we paddled
up the street, where the water was several
feet deep, to the house of Urubu. Pedro
and I had never been in it before, for Domi-
cio Malagueita had not invited seringueiros
to be his guests. Now we found it fitted
with the furnishings of a comfortable home,
but with some partitions taken out to make
a long room across the front.

  In this room, around several small tables,
sat a few men and girls quietly playing
cards. Another girl, lolling in a richly
colored hammock at one end, was picking
idly at a wire guitar. A sort of bar ran
half-way across the room beside the farther
wall, and on it were a liquor-jar and a few
' cups.

  “Wake up!” shouted Miguel. “Here are
Lourengo Moraes and Pedro Andrada, with
a six-months’ thirst and pockets full of
money. Where is that Urubu? We want
drinks!”

  They woke up. The men, most of whom
knew us, shouted greetings. The women
swiftly looked us over and then smiled and
called to us. The one in the hammock sat
up, and I saw that she was the Malagueita

girl. She had been rather proud and shy,
but now she was as bold as any of them.
She made eyes at my handsome partner
and asked if he would buy her a drink too.

  “I buy for all, little one,” said Pedro, as if
he did not remember her. “My thirst is
long and my pocket strong. Boys and
girls, let us see who can empty his cup
quickest. Who fills the cups?”

  “I,” said a deep voice behind the bar. A
door had opened there, and beside the jar
and cups stood Urubu.

"rfSj-1 AS MIGUEL had said, the man
looked like a king vulture—that
,	bird which drives the common buz-

zards from their feasts to gorge himself.
Bulky and squat, with humped shoulders,
he had also the vulture’s head and face.
His head, blunt as a bullet, was red and bare
except for a little short black hair. His nose
was a hooked beak. His eyes were cold as
those of the bird of death. His mouth
was a hard slit. His hands, curled around
cups on the bar, looked like claws. Looking
at him and remembering what I had just
been told, I felt that the drunken man who
named him Urubu had been only drunk
enough to speak truth.

  He watched us with a cold stare. His
mouth stretched into a smirk.

  “What is your pleasure, senhores?” he
asked.

  “What have you?” Pedro wanted to know.
“Anything you like. Cachassa, of course,”
and he pointed a thumb at the jar, “or
aguardiente, cauim—all those things. There
is also fine liquor from Europe and North
America—cognac, whisky, gin, cordials—
whatever you wish, senhores.”

  “I have drunk no liquor but cachassa for
months,” said Pedro. “I want something
fancy. Make me a tail of the cock.”

  Urubu stared. So did the rest of us.

  “A what?” demanded Urubu.

  “A tail of the cock. An American whom
I knew in Santarem used to make them for
himself, and they are very fine. They are
made by mixing several things together.
Can you make one?”

“Certainly I can make you a cocktail,
senhor. I did not quite understand you.”
He reached under the bar, produced
several bottles, mixed up the liquors, and
asked—

  “What will your broad-shouldered friend

have?”
The Vulture

159

  I said I would have a cocktail also. The
others ordered their drinks, and we quickly
emptied our cups.

  Pedro and I burst out coughing. That
drink was the worst I had ever swallowed.
Every one laughed at us except Urubu,
whose face was like wood.

  “What do you call that?” demanded
Pedro angrily. “That is no tail of the
cock.”

  “Perhaps you have forgotten the taste of
a real cocktail,” answered Urubu, a slight
sneer in his tone. “Or perhaps you are
accustomed to such drinks as are made for
girls.”

  “Perhaps you are accustomed to mixing
drinks only for ignorant Indians—the kind
of Indians who eat rotten turtle,” retorted
Pedro. “And if you think me a girl, step
out here and I will show you how girlish
I am.”

  For a moment it was very quiet. Un-
winking, expressionless, the vulture eyes of
Urubu stared into the hot brown eyes of my
comrade. Then his slit of a mouth stretched
again and he shrugged his humpy shoulders.

  “Do not be so hasty, senhor,” he said.
“That was only my little joke. Perhaps
the American senhor made his cocktails
differently—there are several ways of mix-
ing those drinks. Will you have some of
the North American whisky?”

  “I will drink anything to take this taste
out of my mouth.”

  “Then here is something very fine.”

  The beak-nosed man set a bottle on the
bar.

  “You see it is a new bottle, and the cork
has not been drawn.”

  “Yes, and I see that I do not want it,”
refused Pedro. “I have seen that label
before. The American senhor had a bottle
like that one. He said that the stuff in it
looked like whisky and tasted like whisky,
but it was really Old Crow. I do not want
anything made from old crows. Give me
some cachassa.”

  Urubu said nothing more. I had some
cachassa also, and the familiar taste soothed
my tongue. The vulture-man glanced at
the Malagueita girl, who stood beside Pedro
and drank with him. At once she invited
Pedro to sit in her hammock and let her
play to him.

  “Gladly, my lady,” he accepted. “I have
not heard a guitar for a long time.” And
they turned away.

   I too turned and took a few steps toward
 one of the card-tables. Then I whirled on
 my heel. As I expected, the eyes of Urubu
 were on my partner’s back, and there was a
 threat in them—a threat of evil that put
 me on my guard. I strode to the bar.

   “More meat for the jacare,” I said in a
 low tone. “Was that what you were
 thinking?”

    For the first time his eyelids flickered.
 His unpleasant gaze centered on my face.
 After a minute he answered—

   “Ldo not get your meaning, senhor.”

   “I think you do,” I shot back. “And
 make no mistake. We are men of the
 bush, he and I, and we are accustomed to
 jacares—and to urubus also.”

   With another shrug he said he did not
 quite grasp my little joke. I said no more,
 for no more was necessary. But Helio,
 who had been standing near, now spoke
 up.

   “I do not see Januaria here,” he said.
 “Where is she?”

   “She has fever,” Urubu answered
 promptly. “I sent her down to the Soli-
 moes, where the air is better.”

   “When? How? To what place on the
 Solimoes?”

   “When? When she was taken sick. The
 fever came on her late at night, and I saw
 it would be bad, so I sent her out at once
 to Tabatinga.”

   “How?” insisted Helio. “Who took

•	her?”

   “By canoe. Ricardo Bautista and Al-
 berto Alencar were here, and they paddled
 away with her.”

   “Ricardo and Alberto! They disappeared
 weeks ago.”

   “I know. They had no money left, so
 they went down-river to earn some. They
 came back together late that night, and I
 coaxed them to take her away until she
 should be well. Ricardo was a friend of
 Januaria, you remember.”

    Helio nodded slowly as if that were true,
 but he could not believe the rest of it.
 Without saying anything further he took
 another drink and then sat down at a table.
 The rest of us also drifted to the tables, and
 I sat for a time smoking, drinking, and
 talking to a couple of men who, like myself,
 were not in the mood for cards. One of the
 women bothered me at first with her atten-
 tions, but after I succeeded in discouraging
 her I was left in peace.
i6o

Adventure

THE Malagueita girl, I noticed, was
  softly singing love-songs to Pedro,
  but he did not seem much interested.
  After a time he looked at me, moved his
  head toward the door, and arose. Urubu,
  who had been standing quiet and waiting,
  looked sharply at our rolls of milreis as we
  paid for all the drinks. Then he asked why
  we left so soon.

    We told him the truth—that we must find
  a place to live in. He urged us to stay
  there, saying he could make room for us and
  would make us very comfortable. The
  4[irls, of course, said the same. But we
  refused and went out.

    “A cold rascal,” said my partner as we
  paddled away. “He spoiled my thirst, and
  I dislike him much. But I intend to see
  more of him. He interests me.”

    Back to the store of Joaquim we went,
  and there we tied our canoe as before.

    “We have seen your Urubu and we do not
  like him,” I told him. He grinned in a
  satisfied way.

    “I knew you would not,” he answered.
  “You two are not blind spendthrifts, and
  you have heads on your shoulders. Yet if
  you would buy supplies here you had best
  buy them now, for Urubu will get your
  money as he gets that of others.”

   “How?”

    “By drink, gambling,' women—-or in
  other ways. I know you are not easily
  made drunk and are not passionate gamb-
  lers or lovers of women, but he will get you
  in some way. I am surprized that he did
  not ask you to stay there until your money
  was gone.”

    We answered that Urubu had done so,
  but that we preferred to live elsewhere and
  had come to ask if he knew of a place. We
  added that if we could find a house where
  we could live by ourselves we should want
  to buy a number of things in his store. It
  did not take him long to think of the place
  we wanted, and soon we were settled in a
  small barracdo facing the river Tecuahy.

    Before long a mantaria came up to our
  door, and in it was Helio, looking both
  doubtful and grim.

    “I do not believe Urubu’s story of Janua-
  ria,” he growled. “She showed no sign of
  sickness when I last saw her. And the p&rt
  about Ricardo and Alberto sounds queer to

•	me. They did not disappear at the same
  time, and they were not comrades as you
  two are, so why should they work together

and return together? And they were
rough, hard men who thought only of
themselves, and if they came back with
money they would not let a girl’s sickness
interfere with their staying here and drink-
ing.

  “What is more, they have had plenty of
time to return from Tabatinga, but they
have *not come back. The tale does not
sound good to me at all. And what Joa-
quim said about the jacare disturbs me.
It is true that a jacare-assu lives under the
house of Urubu—I have seen the beast
myself.”

  “Miguel was to talk to his sweetheart,”
I reminded him. “Perhaps he will learn
something.”

  “He has talked to her and has learned
nothing,” Helio replied. “I have just seen
Miguel. Maria said she knew nothing
about Januaria’s sickness or her going
away. She would not talk about it, and
she seemed afraid Urubu might overhear
what Miguel said.”

  “That does not .look very good either,”
said Pedro. “The story of Urubu may be
true, and we can not prove it is not. But
there is one thing you can do, Helio, if you
are really interested in this matter. Say
nothing to any one, but start at dawn to-
morrow and go to Tabatinga. It is only
about thirty miles, and you can soon learn
whether your girl is there.”

  “I will do it!” vowed Helio. “I will go
before any one else is awake. When I come
back I will tell you what I find out.”

  He left us, putting a vicious punch into
his strokes as he pulled away.

  “I think,” said Pedro, watching him,
“that before long Helio and Urubu are
going to have trouble.”

  “And I think,” I added, “that if any one
else here disappears I should like to kill that
jacare and see what is inside him.”

  “I had the same thought,” he nodded.
“But I hardly believe there will be anything
new before Helio returns.”

  He was not quite right. Before Helio
came back to us something new did come
about, and as the result of it my comrade
forced himself into the affairs of the Vulture.

IN THE next two or three days we
went several times to the house of
Urubu. We lost a little money at
cards, but not enough to hurt us much. We
drank as much as we liked, but that was
The Vulture

161

only enough to make us merry. And
though the girls did their best to charm us
we paid no more attention to them than to
the men—joking with them, playing cards
with them and buying drinks, but not allow-
ing any foolishness.

  We knew that this was not at all what
Urubu wanted, but he gave no sign of impa-
tience. The flood waters were high, we
could do no work, and he had no reason to
suppose we should go elsewhere before the
dry season. So he watched and waited, as
a true vulture watches and waits for its
victim to fall into its power.

  Then came a boat. On the boat came
Domengos Peixoto. With Domengos came
a girl. And then Pedro woke up.

  The boat was one of these fine English
steamers of the Amazon, which call at
Remate de Males to leave passengers and
mail. We were loafing in Joaquim’s place
when she came in, and for a minute we
thought a fight had started down the
street, for we heard yells and the explosions
of rifles. But then came the hoarse roar of
the whistle, and we knew the shouting and
shooting were only the celebration that
always welcomes the steamer.

  Like the other men in the store, we
started for our canoe. But in the confusion
some man got our craft and paddled off in it
before we could reach it. We promptly
grabbed the next boat—a good-sized mon-
taria—and in that we pulled away to the
river.

  Only four people left the steamer: two
traveling traders, Domengos, and the girl.
We gave no attention to the traders, but we
were interested in the other two. Do-
mengos, standing with his stomach stuck
out importantly, looked for a boat to take
him to the house of Urubu, but found none.
Then he saw us and the roomy montaria
we had borrowed.

  “Here!” he called. “Come here to me.
Take us to Urubu’s place and I will give you
a drink.”

  At his offensive tone we growled.

  “We can buy our own drinks,” retorted
Pedro. “WTe are not boatmen for such as
you. You can swim ashore. Unless you
bathe more often than you used to it will do
you good.”

  Domengos scowled and his face seemed to
swell. But then he swallowed his rage and
changed his manner.

  “Oh, you are my old friends Pedro and

Lourenfo! I have not seen you for months,
and I did not know you. Will you not take
me and my niece to the house, old friends?”
“That tone sounds more familiar,” said
Pedro contemptuously. “It is the same
one you used when you begged drinks from

us last year. You can go-’ ’

  He stopped with a queer sort of gulp.
His eyes had shifted to the girl, and sudden
surprize had shot into his face.

  I had only glanced at her, but now I
looked at her more closely. She was rather
small, but she appeared healthy and strong
of body and pretty of face. These things
were to be expected of a girl going to the
house of the Vulture, but it was something
else that interested me—she seemed shy,
and she was looking at Domengos as if
Pedro’s scorn had stirred up doubt of her
companion. Then Pedro spoke again, and
like Domengos he had changed his manner.

  “You can come with us. We have room
for you.”

  Puzzled, I helped him move the montaria
into position. Domengos started to get in,
but Pedro blocked him.

  “Hand the lady in first,” he told him.
“Have you no politeness?”

  Domengos showed his teeth, but handed
the girl down into the montaria. Pedro
helped her to seat herself. Then, before
Domengos could get in, he shoved the boat
away.

  Domengos teetered on his toes and nar-
rowly escaped stepping off into the river.
Other men in boats around us laughed.

  “What is this?” demanded Domengos.
“One of your jokes? Come back and take
me in.”

  “I have changed my mind,” grinned
Pedro. “You can swim. Louren?o, pad-
dle hard! Straight to our barracao!”

MUCH astonished, I heaved on my
paddle and we surged away. Pedro
also stroked hard a few times. Then
he turned, faced the girl, and asked
sharply—

  “Angela, what are you doing here?”

  A little cry of surprize came from her.
“Pedro! Pedro Andrada! I did not
know you. How big you have grown!”
“Three years makes a difference in a man
in this Javary country,” he said. “Here a
man must either be strong or die. But
how come you here? Do you know that
man Peixoto?”
162

Adventure

  Before she could answer yells from Do-
mengos broke in.

  “Step them!” he bellowed. “They are
stealing her! Capitao, they steal my niece!
They are kidnapers of the bush! They will
hold her for ransom or worse! Will you let
a woman passenger be stolen under your
nose? Stop them!”

  “Halt there!” barked an English voice
behind us.

  Pedro only shoved his paddle in deep.
We almost lifted the boat with our strokes.

  “Halt!” roared the voice again. A mo-
ment later a bullet smacked on the water
beside us, followed instantly by the crack of
a rifle.

  Pedro tossed his paddle in the air and
held it there. I lifted mine too. The
montaria kept on going of itself, but as we
took no more strokes no more bullets came.
The same voice barked orders on the
steamer, and a ship’s boat of men took the
water and spurted after us.

  While they came Pedro turned again to
the girl.

  “Angela,” he said, “when I knew you in
Santarem you were a good girl.”

  “And I am now!” she cried, her head high.

  “I believe you. That is why I am doing
what I do. Peixoto is not your uncle. You
must not go with him. He is a lying dog,
and he takes you to a place where no girl
can go and remain good.”

  Then up swept the ship’s boat, backed
oars, and stopped. A gray-mustached,
grim-faced officer with rifle in hand snapped:

  “Hand over the lady, and be quick!
What do you mean by this?”

  “I mean to see that she is protected,”
Pedro explained with dignity. “You do
not understand the matter. That Peixoto
is a liar and worse—much worse. He
brings an innocent girl here to put her in the
house of the Vulture. Perhaps you can
judge what sort of house that is by the
name of it.

  “I know this girl—we grew up in the
same town, Santarem. She can tell you
whether I am a woman-stealer or an honest
man.”

  The keen eyes of the officer went to her.
And though she was much, disturbed she
nodded quickly.

  “It is true,” she said. “I know Pedro, and
he is to be trusted. And I—I do not know
that other man well. He told me he would
get me a fine place to work in the house of

an English gentleman, where I could care
for the children and live very well. He told
me to say I was his niece so that we could
travel without questions. I—I— Oh,
what shall I do now?”

  “Do not trouble yourself about that,
Angela mea,” Pedro soothed her. “You
shall be well cared for until you can go
home. You see, senkor, it is as I said.”

  The officer gazed shrewdly at him, at me,
at Angela, and at other men in the boats
around us. Snapping down a finger at one
of those men and holding it like a revolver,
he barked—

  “You! What sort of a man is Peixoto?”
The man laughed harshly and told him
just what sort of man Peixoto was. The
officer nodded.

  “I have wondered about him before this,”
he said. “He will not travel on our ship
again. Give way!”

  The oars dipped. The boat moved,
turned, went back to the steamer. We saw
Domengos being taken off, and not very
gently.

  “I think, Pedro,” I said as we watched
this, “that you have pushed Domengos off
his perch. The officer said he would travel
no more on the English boats. If he can
not bring women here he will be useless to
Urubu. He will soon be ragged and dirty
again and whining for drinks as he used to.
Are you not ashamed to have ruined so
worthy a citizen?”

  Pedro grinned and made some answer, but
I lost it because the other men around us
laughed and drowned his words. And the
thing I had predicted came true, senhores—
Domengos did become once more a hanger-
on and beggar. But it was not because
Urubu dismissed him. The big boats do
not call often at that town, and before the
next one came several things had happened
which stopped any attempt he might have
made to travel again.

NOW we pushed on toward our bar-
racao, and there we heard more of
the story of Angela. Domengos
had found her, she said, not at Santarem but
at Ega, a town much nearer to us and on the
river Teffe. In the years since Pedro had
left Santarem her mother had died and her
father had moved to Ega, taking Angela
with him. Then he too died, and she had
to work in the house of an Italian settler
whose wife was ill-tempered and treated
The Vulture

her badly. This was very disagreeable
for the girl, but she could not leave because
she had no other home and never was given
any money.

  Then Domengos came, looking important
and telling the people of Ega he was an up-
river trader. He visited the white people of
the town, who were glad to learn from him
the latest news of affairs along the big river,
and in this way he came into the house
where she lived.

  Soon after that he managed to talk with
her alone and ask her questions, and she told
him her whole story. Then he told her his
he about the English gentleman he knew,
whose wife wanted a girl to help her with
the children and would give her money and
pretty things to wear. So, believing all he
said and thinking him very kind, she took
her few belongings and ran away from her
bad-tempered mistress.

  On the way up the river he treated her
well, she said, and it was not until she heard
Pedro’s contemptuous answers that she be-
gan to suspect he was not the respectable
trader he claimed to be. Even now she
found it hard to realize that he was so bad,
and asked if we were sure it was true. We
left no doubt in her mind about that. We
pointed out that he would not dare treat her
ill on the steamer because there she could
appeal to the captain and make trouble for
him; but after he got her into the house of
Urubu she would have found him a low dog.

  We told her little about the Vulture, and
nothing at all about the diasppearance of a
girl and two men at his house. But she had
heard enough to know it was far fron! being
the sort of place she had expected, and now
she looked very forlorn.

  A poor little girl, homeless and penniless
and deceived, with only us two hardened
bushmen for friends and her dream of a
happy life with kind people broken, she
found it hard to hold back the tears. And
when she stepped to the doorway and looked
at the flooded town she could keep them
back no longer.

  “Even the town is dirty and dismal!” she
cried. “Santarem and Ega are clean, green
towns with fine sandy beaches, but this is
nothing but a drowned mud-hole. And the
air—the air is so damp it chokes me.”

  “Have courage, Angela,” Pedro said.
“You shall leave it on the next boat that
goes down. We would put you on that
steamer which brought you, but it is up-

bound and must go many miles westward
before turning down again. This is a
dreary place, as you say, but no harm shall
come to you here.”

  “But where can I go from here? I have
no money, and one can not travel free on the
steamer. I have nothing at all—that
Peixoto must have my bundle with my
other dress and my beads and all.”

  “Do not trouble about the money,” he
urged her. “We will see to that. And if
Domengos has anything of yours he will not
keep it long. I will go and get it now.”
Taking his rifle, he stepped toward the
door. I too picked up my gun, but he told
me to stay there and see that nobody both-
ered Angela. I hesitated, and then sug-
gested that we take her with us and leave
her for a time with Joaquim and his wife.
This little barracdo, I said, was no fit place
for her, though it was good enough for
him and me; and she would be more com-
fortable and fully as safe at Joaquim’s place.
He agreed that this was so.

  “Come, Angela,” he said. “You will like
Paula, the wife of Joaquim, for she has a
very good heart. And it will be better for
you to stay there than here, for one never
knows what may happen, and later on in
your life some spiteful person might say you
lived with two men here, and it might do
you much harm.”

  So we took her to Joaquim’s home. As
we expected, he had already heard of the
matter from other men, and after one look
into Angela’s innocent face he consented
to her staying with his family. Paula, a
motherly woman, also was glad to have her
there, and the girl herself seemed to feel
better for their hearty welcome.

  “Now she will be safe,” Pedro said as we
paddled away.

  “If she does not get fever,” I added.

  He nodded grudgingly, and I knew he
thought of her words about the air choking
her. The air of the Javary is heavy, and it
is loaded with disease, as you senhores
know well. And it is an odd thing but true
that people accustomed to the air of the
Amazon often sicken and die soon after
leaving it for one of the branch rivers, even
though they go only a few miles from the
main stream. I wished now that I had not
said that. But it was said, and I could not
call it back. Neither of us spoke again un-
til we reached the house of the Vulture.
Domengos had arrived there before us,
164

Adventure

but neither he nor Urubu was in the big
room. The men and girls loitering there
sat up with a jerk as we strode in with our
guns. We saw that they had heard the
news. Nobody spoke, and all watched us
in tense silence.

  “Where is that cachorro?” growled Pedro,
looking about him.

  “That dog? What dog?” some one
replied.

  “That dog Peixoto. He has a bundle
which is not his.”

  “He is inside talking with Urubu,” a man
answered. “The bundle he brought is there
on the bar.”

  In six strides Pedro was at the bar and
had seized a small package. I stood back
and watched every one. As my partner
turned away the door behind the bar
opened, and through it came Domengos and
Urubu.

  “Behind you, Pedro,” I said.

  He whirled and faced them. But they
made no threatening move. I do not think
they had known we were there, for we had
spoken quietly, and Urubu looked slightly
surprized. Domengos seemed much dis-
tressed ; his face glistened with sweat, and he
cringed like a kicked cur. Urubu, I
judged, had been saying unpleasant things
to him.

  “I thank you, Domengos, for leaving this
bundle where I could get it so easily,” Pedro
mocked. “It will go straight back to its
owner. If either or both of you wish to
do anything about this matter, now is the
time.”

  “You will pay me the passage money
spent on your woman,” sputtered Do-
mengos.

  “Are you sure? Come here to me and
collect it.”

DOMENGOS opened his mouth and
let it stay open, but no words came.
He looked sidewise at Urubu, whose
harsh face remained expressionless. We
knew well that the money spent on bringing
Angela here had come from the pocket of
the Vulture, not from that of Domengos.
But he said no word.

  Then Pedro cursed them both. He
cursed them thoroughly and well. He
called them such names as no real man
would have swallowed. Yet he said noth-
ing of the jacare under the house, or of the
two men and the girl who had disappeared.

He used fighting talk, meant to goad them
into fight then and there.

  But he had forgotten the nature of vul-
tures. A vulture does not attack anything
dangerous, nor did Urubu show fight now.
And Domengos, looking at our faces and
our guns, not only cringed still more—
he cowered behind the bar.

  When Pedro stopped, Urubu spoke coldly.
“Your talk is for Domengos, not for me.
If he deceived any girl that is his mistake;
I want no girl here who does not come of her
own wish. When you have grown cooler
you will realize that this is not such a place
as you say. Our girls are well treated, as
they will tell you, and no girl need stay here
unless she wants to. And if Domengos has
brought you a friend who does not know
men that is your good fortune—if you care
for green fruit. Every man to his taste.”
“Bah!” snorted Pedro. “I will waste no
more words on you except to tell you again
that you are a foul liar.”

  He spat and turned to the door. I
backed out, keeping my eyes on the pair
behind the bar. We paddled away.

  As we cruised down the street an odd
thing happened. Up in the air two birds
got to fighting, and one of them came tum-
bling down into the water, stunned and bleed-
ing from a beak-blow on the head. We
swung toward it, but before we reached it
the water around it seethed and it was drag-
ged under. Several fish showed for an
instant on the surface. We knew them for
piranhas, those strong-jawed fish which,
maddened by blood, will chop to frag-
ments any wounded creature they find.

  “Piranhasl” muttered Pedro. “Here in
the street! Perhaps they, and not the
jacare-assu, could tell us what became of
Ricardo and Alberto.”

  “If so, we shall know when the waters go
down,” I said. “There will be bones. The
jacare would leave no bones, but would
swallow all.”

  “Weeks must pass before this street will
be dry,” he answered. “Unless I am mis-
taken, we shall learn more before that
time.” And we did.

  Back at Joaquim’s place we gave the
bundle to Angela. She had become more
cheerful now, and with the return of her
little treasures she smiled again. The
smile and the warm look of gratitude she
gave Pedro made me realize for the first
time how pretty and appealing she was. I
The Vulture

165

thought, too, that this strong but gentle-
hearted comrade of mine was just such a
man as she should have to protect her
through life, and I saw Paula glance at
Joaquim as if the same thought came to her.

  But the young couple themselves seemed
to have no such idea. Angela only asked
whether he had had any trouble in getting
the bundle, and he said no; he had simply
picked it up and walked out with it.

  Then we settled down to await the return
of Helio. We did our waiting at Joaquim’s,
and there other men joined us—the quieter
and steadier who did not care for the attrac-
tions of the Vulture’s house, but who liked a
drink and a card-game when in the mood.
Joaquim, of course, was a trader, and his
store was not built for a place of entertain-
ment ; but Pedro suggested that it would be
good business to make room for some gam-
ing-tables, sell us our drinks, and take some
payment for the use of his store. When we
pointed out that this would draw some trade
away from Urubu he consented at once, and
it was done.

   Soon there were three sets of men in the
town: those who would not go to the house
of the Vulture, those who did go there for
the women, and those who went to either
Joaquim’s or Urubu’s as the whim took
them. Through these men who went back
and forth we kept well informed as to what
went on at the Urubu house.

   There was little news at first—a fight or
two caused by drink and jealousy over the
girls, but nothing of personal interest to us
two. Then Miguel told us that both his
girl Maria and the Malagueita girl were
asking about us.

   “I think, friends, that Urubu has been ex-
pecting you to tire of staying away and
come back to have a lively time there,” he
said. “But now he is trying to learn
through the girls whether you intend to keep
on drawing away business to this store.
And Anna Malagueita, your little friend of
the hammock and guitar, seems eager to
have you come and see her again, Pedro.”

   “Tell Maria that Urubu will be in a hotter
place than this before we spend any more
money in that house,” said Pedro. “And I
hope Anna will find a friend who will amuse
her in my place. I stay here.”

  When we saw Miguel again he grinned
and told us the Malagueita girl had asked
him many questions about Angela, and
whether she and Pedro were living together.

He had said no, that Angela lived at Joa-
quim’s, and Pedro saw no more of her than
any one else there. Then she had told him
to warn Pedro to be careful lest some unex-
pected misfortune come to him.

  “She would not say what sort of mis-
fortune,” he went on. “Perhaps she does
not know. But she was very anxious that
I tell you, and she was nervous lest Urubu
know that she sent the message. There is
something behind it, I am sure.”

  “Thank her for me,” said my partner,
“and tell her I will keep my eyes open. And
tell her if there is anything I can do to help
her in return she has only to send word to
me.”

   The truth was that Miguel was wrong when
he said Pedro saw little of Angela. He was
with her quite often, going into the family
quarters behind the store and talking with
her and Paula while I sat outside and told
stories with other men. But Miguel spent
more time at Urubu’s place than with us,
and he did not know this.

THE warning did not bother us, but
it did make us keep our eyes open.
And that same night, when we
entered our barracao rather late after a
game at Joaquim’s, we nearly stepped on
a big snake.

  It was a suruzuzu. As you know, the
bite of that snake means death, swift and
sure. Even a small one will kill a strong
man, and this one was more than six feet
long. If we had not been a little more care-
ful than usual one of us would have died
that night.

   It was our habit, on returning late, to find
our hammocks and sleep without making
any light. But this time, with the warning
fresh in our minds, we thought it well to
light a candle and look about us. And there
on the floor not far from us was that deadly
thing.

   It had not yet coiled to strike, but lay as
if about to do so. I yelled, jumped away,
and threw my machete at it. The knife
struck edge downward, cutting the reptile
so that it was easily killed with a rifie-butt.

   “As Miguel said, there seems to be some-
thing behind that warning,” said Pedro.
“This barracdo is surrounded by water. So
is the whole town. How did this beast come
here?”

  “Snakes sometimes come floating down
on drifting trees,” I reminded him. “It is
Adventure

possible that some small driftwood lodged
against our door for a while and the suruzuzu
crawled off it. But it is not at all likely.”

  “No. It will do no harm to look further
and see whether we have any other guests.”

  After throwing the snake outside we made
a thorough search, but found nothing.
Then, still suspicious, we inspected our
rifles, which had been left in the house while
we were away. No harm had been done to
them, nor to anything else in the place.
There was no sign that any one had been
there. So we said no more and went to
sleep.

  The next night a more violent thing came
about. A heavy, solid blow struck the bar-
racdo, and we sprang from our hammocks
to find the place shaking dangerously. A
grinding, crushing sound was passing slowly
along one side, and when we got a light we
found the wall on that side caved in. We
peered out in time to see a big tree go drift-
ing suddenly away down-stream.

  We had been unpleasantly close to death.
The barracdo, you understand, was built
high on poles, just as all houses there must
be built to stand above the flood waters.

  The floating tree had come very near
knocking it off its posts and crumpling it
into a wreck from which we would have little
chance of escape. Held in that sunken cage,
carried away down the black waters among
alligators and piranhas and other evil things
—no, we should not have had much chance.
It was our luck that the house happened
to be firm and that the heavy tree had not
hit it squarely.

  The night was dull, but not black. We
could see a short distance out across the
Tecuahy, but nothing strange was in sight.
We listened, but heard nothing. As on the
night when we found the snake, there was
no sign that it was not mere chance. Yet
we were quite sure it was not chance at all,
for this reason: there was little current
around our house, and the drifting things
that came down usually passed by at quite
a distance, out where the flow was stronger.
It seemed almost impossible for such a thing
to happen unless a boat somewhere above
us had drawn that tree aside and guided it
to strike us. And, as I say, the night was
not so dark but that men could do this.

  “It seems to me, Louren^o,” said Pedro,
“that before that thing hit us I heard voices
and paddles. Perhaps I was dreaming.
Perhaps I was not dreaming but was partly

awake and really heard it. I am not sure.
But things are becoming interesting in this
house.”

  “Quite so,” I agreed. “So interesting
that I am going to sit up a while and see if
anything else may come.”

  And I did sit up, with my rifle across my
lap, while my partner dozed with his own
gun close at hand. But nothing at all hap-
pened before morning.

  Then, after eating and loafing a while and
talking over the two narrow escapes we had
just had, we decided to go to Joaquim’s
place and ask some one in a casual way
about the movements of Urubu last night.
Before we started, though, I suggested that
we finish up a small jug of cachassa which
we had bought from Joaquim some days
before, and which now needed refilling. He
laughingly agreed that this was a happy
thought, and with a mock bow to me, he
lifted the vessel to his mouth.

  An inch from his lips he stopped it. For
an instant he held it there, peering at it.
Then he lowered it, stepped to the door,
and again looked sharply at the clay.

  “Have you been using white powder for
anything?” he asked.

  “No. I have not had anything of that
sort.”

  “Neither have I. Yet there is white pow-
der on this jug.”

  It was so. On the clay was a tiny smear
of white dust. We scowled at it and at
each other.

  “I would not drink that cachassa,” I
advised.

  “I do not intend to. When did you drink
last from it?”

  “Yesterday afternoon. We both drank,
you remember. It was good then.”

  “Yes, it was good then. But this is an-
other day.”

  He drew back his arm to throw the jug
into the water. But then he changed his
mind and held it.

  “On our way to Joaquim’s place let us
stop and see Meldo Salles,” he said.

  And when we got into our canoe he still
held the jug. Also, we took our rifles with
us.

MELDO’S house was near by, and
when we stopped there we found him
lazily smoking at the door.

  “Meldo, you said yesterday that you had
a pet monkey which was growing old and
The Vulture

167

ugly and must be killed,” Pedro reminded
him. “You also said he was a thief and
drank your cachassa. Have you killed him
yet?”

  “Ho-hum!” he yawned. “No, not yet.
I thought I would do it today.”

  “Then let me see him drink some cachassa
first. We have a little left here. Bring him
out.”

  Meldo yawned again, got up sluggishly,
went inside, and brought out a heavy black
barrigudo monkey which showed its teeth
and seemed sullen. When my partner lifted
the jug, though, the animal chattered and
reached toward it. Pedro handed it to him,
and he drank greedily.

  “Drink deep, you thieving bicho,” Meldo
said grimly. “It is the last drink you will
get. Before night I shall knock you in the
head.”

  “Perhaps you need not do that,” said
Pedro.

  Then he began talking about something
else, glancing now and then at the monkey,
which still clutched the jug as if determined
to keep it. After a .time he broke off in the
middle of a sentence. Following his eye,
Meldo and I looked at the black barrigvdo.

  The animal was swaying on his haunches
and seemed dazed. Soon he lost his hold on
the jug and slumped down on the floor.
After lying there a minute he kicked a
couple of times and was still.

  “Ha, ha, ha!” laughed Meldo. “He is
dead drunk. That rum of yours must be
strong.”

  Without answering, Pedro pulled the
monkey to him and felt for its heart. Pres-
ently he took away his hand and replied:

  “You are partly right. He is not drunk,
but he is dead.”

  Then he told Meldo of the snake and the
tree. Meldo, one of the quiet men who
often joined us at Joaquim’s stopped yawn-
ing and became wide awake.

  “A little thing like a snake on my floor
does not disturb me much—I see plenty of
snakes when I am in the bush,” added
Pedro. “And if people wish to amuse them-
selves by bumping trees against my bar-
racdo they can have their little joke. But
any one who would spoil good liquor is a
vile brute and should be shot.”

  Meldo grinned at his way of putting it,
but quickly became serious again.

  “Here is another thing,” he said. “Helio
Alves has not been seen for days. He dis-

appeared overnight. And he had been say-
ing ugly things about Urubu because the
girl Januaria was gone.”

  “Do not worry about Helio,” I said. “I
think he is safe and will be back soon. He
should have been here before now. After
we see him we shall know more about what
to do.”

  Meldo asked questions, of course, but we
told him no more then, and got his promise
to say nothing until we were ready. He
sank the poisoned jug where it would do no
harm, threw the dead monkey out into the
current, and went on to Joaquim’s place.

  Meldo came with us, and, with a couple
of other men, we got up a game at one of the
tables. Our careless questions about Urubu
got us no information, so we said nothing
further and gave our attention to the cards.
We were still playing when Helio arrived.

  He came striding heavily in, looking
gaunt and gloomy. One glance at his face
told me what to expect. Briefly and bitterly
he spoke, out.

  “Januaria is not at Tabatinga and has
never been there. Ricardo and Alberto
have not been there either. What is more,
they never went down this river as Urubu
said. I have spent days on my way back
from Tabatinga, stopping and questioning
every one between there and here. Not one
person has seen or heard of them. They

never left here, and that--Urubu

is their murderer. I am going now to cut
out his foul heart.”

  “Wait!” called Pedro.

  Then he told him what had happened
since he left. To all except Meldo and me
the story of the snake, the tree, and the
poison was news, and they listened with
faces hardening. While he talked two other
men came in, and one of these was Miguel.

  “But even yet we have no proof,” Pedro
concluded. “Urubu will say those three
must have been drowned and devoured on
their way to Tabatinga, and no man can
prove otherwise. There is nothing at all
against him except suspicion.”

  “Then here is another suspicion for you,”
Miguel broke in. “Your little friend Anna
Malagueita is ‘sick,’ as Januaria was.

  “She was not to be seen yesterday or last
night. Urubu said she was sick, and at first
I thought nothing of it. But late last night
I grew suspicious, and this is why: Each of
the girls there has a little room to herself,
as you perhaps know, and the room of Anna
i68

Adventure

is next to that of my girl Maria. I was with
Maria last night for a while, and on my way
out I went into Anna’s room to ask how
she felt and see whether she wished to send
any further word to you. The room was
empty.

  “Maria had not come out yet, and I
stepped back and asked her where Anna
was. Maria is ajealous girl, and she asked
what I cared about Anna. To tease her I
said I was much interested in Anna, and
a few other things of the sort. She was

angered, and cried out-

  “ ‘You are too late, Miguel meo—you will
not see her again!’

  “Then she seemed suddenly scared be-
cause she had said this, and I could not get
another word from her. When we came out
into the big room and found that Urubu was
busy gambling she seemed much relieved.
That is afl.”

  “That is enough,” growled Pedro, his
face black.

   Seizing his rifle, he started for the door.
“What will you do, Pedro?” Joaquim
called.

  “Search that whole house and find Anna.
If I do not find her Urubu will tell me where
she is—and I will make him tell truth.”
“Bah! Who could make that creature tell
truth?” snorted Joaquim. “If you want
truth, do as I told you before—ask that
jacare under the house.”

  Pedro swung on his heel and stared at him.
“Joaquim, you speak sense,” he said.
“I will talk first to the jacare and then to the
Vulture.”

  We talked and agreed what we should do.
Helio, Pedro and I stayed with Joaquim.
The others went and got guns and long poles.
When all had returned Pedro said grimly:
“Helio, do not kill him until we know.
Curse him as much as you like. Keep him
busy.”

  “I will keep him busy,” Helio promised,
his voice harsh with hate.

  We got into our boats, and he paddled
straight to the house of Urubu. The rest
of us went there too; but by roundabout
ways. Soon we had closed in around the
place on all sides.

THE posts holding up the house
were stout and high, and the water
was not up to its floor. A careful
look along the surface under that floor
showed that no alligator was floating there.

Inside the place we could hear Helio cursing
Urubu as a liar and other things far more
vile, and demanding to know just what had
become of Januaria. We had no time to
listen for the low-spoken replies, for we now
began prodding the mud with the poles we
had brought.

  At first we got no results, and after a
time we began to think the alligator was not
there now. But then Miguel’s pole moved
in his hand, and he passed the word that he
had struck something alive. More jabbing
followed. Then suddenly a rifle cracked.

  It was Joaquim who slew the beast. The
thing had risen near him, swimming slug-
gishly, and the trader had put a bullet
squarely into one eye. With a rolling surge
it turned belly upward.

  Men got their poles under it and held it
there. Pedro and I worked up beside it and
slashed open its bloated belly. Then we all
looked at one another with sick faces.

  We knew what had become of Anna Mala-
gueita.

  Through the silence around us came the
voice of Helio yelling another blast of oaths
at the Vulture. Sudden fury seized us.
Hoarse curses broke from us. We drove our
paddles into the water and threw our canoes
and ourselves around to the front of the
house.

  In a snarling, panting, struggling knot we
leaped out on the platform and plunged
through the doorway. Of the people in that
big room we saw only two—Helio and the
Vulture. They stood at the bar, and that
bar was between them. Helio, leaning across
it, had his face almost in that of Urubu, and
he still spat burning curses. The Vulture’s
eyes were half-shut, with an evil gleam in
them, and both his hands were out of sight
below the wood.

  Even as we charged into the place Helio
lost control of himself and seized Urubu by
the throat. The Vulture heaved himself
backward and sidewise, trying to escape.
But Helio’s hold was like an iron clamp,
and he throttled him and shook him as a
dog would shake a rat.

  Then came a swift flash of steel. Helio
grunted and lost his hold. Urubu had
stabbed him in the shoulder.

  With the knife still in his hand the Vul-
ture turned to leap away from us into his
room. But he never reached that room.
We threw ourselves headlong over the bar
and fell on him. Some man cried out as the
The Vulture

knife of Urubu bit into him, but after that
thrust the Vulture stabbed no more. The
weapon was knocked or wrested from him,
and savage blows battered him to his knees.

  Some of those blows fell on us also.
Every man of us was like a maddened
jaguar, thinking only of destroying him;
and we struck in blind rage, so that in our
struggles to get at him we got in the way
of our own attack. Some one’s rifle-barrel
or butt hit me hard on the head, dazing me
so that I staggered and had to grab the
bar to keep from falling.

  While I leaned there I saw Joaquim too
go stumbling back, clutching an arm cut
by a jabbing machete. Miguel also was
out of the fight, for he was the man who had
been stabbed after Helio, and now he was
limping away, bending over with pain.

  Then I saw the Vulture rise in the air.
Pedro had dragged him up, and now he
threw him over the bar into the clear space
beyond. There Helio kicked him hard and
then fell on him, his good hand pounding
him furiously. Pedro hurled himself across
the bar and jumped on him too. The rest
of us stayed where we were for a few min-
utes, for our first hot rage was partly satis-
fied and we were willing to let Pedro and
Helio settle their score.

  Pedro had dropped his rifle in the* strug-
gle, and some other man had pulled his
machete from his belt to kill Urubu with,
so that also was gone. Helio carried a knife,
but he did not draw it now; he wanted to
wring the Vulture’s neck in his hands.

  Urubu fighting for his vicious life, showed
desperate strength, and the three of them
went rolling and tumbling about the floor,
battering and clawing and tearing like fight-
ing jungle-cats. And then came one of those
freaks of fight by which a loser sometimes
wins.

  In a twisting, plunging scramble Pedro
and Helio struck their heads together so
violently that the blow partly stunned
them. They did not lose their senses, but
for a few seconds they lay without moving,
waiting for the numbness to pass. And in
that time the Vulture wrenched himself out
of their clutch and reeled up to his feet.

  He was a frightful-looking thing now.
His clothes hung in bloody tatters. Red
streams trickled from broken nose, smashed
mouth, and gashes on head and body. One
hand hung as if broken, and he breathed
in wheezing gasps as if ribs were crushed.

Tor an instant he stood there rocking on his
heels. Then, as the men on the floor scram-
bled up and at him, he sprang for the door.

  “Shoot him!” yelled some one, and a man
beside me snatched a fallen rifle up off the
floor and twitched back the hammer.

  But he could not fire, for Pedro and Helio
were bounding after Urubu, and a bullet
would have hit them. We leaped over the
bar. As we struck the floor we heard a
heavy splash outside.

  We reached the door before the fugitive
came to the surface. Pedro and Helio were
poised to leap in after him, but they waited
until he reappeared so that he could not
trick them by turning underwater and
swimming away to one side.

  But when he did break water again they
did not follow him. Instead they hung
there on their toes an instant, then settled
back. Helio laughed harshly.

  The Vulture could not swim.

  He came up splashing and fighting the
water with both hands. His mouth opened
wide in a gulp for air. Before he got it he
strangled, coughed, and went down with a
bubbling gasp. Around him grew a red
stain as the water washed his open wounds.

  Again he came up. His face now was
clay-white. From his choked throat burst
a groaning cry. As one hand came out of
water a gleaming thing fell from it. Other
things glinted around him on the surface.
The water boiled.

  “Por Deosl” shouted Pedro. “Piranhas!”

  Yes, senhores, the piranhas had found the
Vulture. Just as they had seized on that
hurt parrot a few days before, they now
attacked the man who had thrown himself
among them. Before our eyes they chopped
him to death. And no man moved until
the red waters had closed over his writhing
face for the last time and smothered his
cries forever.

| g j THEN Pedro and Helio looked at
each other. And Helio said—

        “Let us have a drink.”

  I think we all felt the need of a drink.
From the wreckage behind the bar we
pulled out bottles not broken in the struggle
there, and from these we gulped stiff drinks.
While we did so the room filled with men
who had seen or heard of the death of the
Vulture and now came to learn all about it.
We told them all we knew. And soon we
learned other things.
170

Adventure

  “Who is in that room?” demanded a man,
pointing at the door from which Urubu used
to come.

  I was nearest that door, and for the first
time I noticed that since the fight it had
been pushed almost shut. Kicking it open,
I found Domengos Peixoto beyond it. He
was just hiding something inside his shirt.

  Jumping at him, I forced his hand .eut
and saw he held a huge roll of milreis. I
wrenched this from him and shoved him
out to face the crowd.

  “Old friends,” he whined, cowering back,
“do not be harsh with me. I have done you
no harm, and I am only taking what is
mine. That cursed Urubu owes me much
money.”

  “That is our money,” yelled a man. “The
money he got by cheating us with cards
and liquor.”

  “No, it is our money,” cried a woman.
“He robbed and cheated us girls and made
us slaves.”

  “Hold that money, Lourenfo,” called
Pedro, and he shouldered his way to me.
Then he told the rest:

  “Before any one gets this money we want
the truth about Ricardo, Alberto, and
Januaria. We want to know how these
things were done. Domengos, and you
girls too, speak out. You will profit by it.”

  So they spoke out. And though no one
of them seemed to know all, yet each knew
something, and by putting these things to-
gether and searching the room of the Vul-
ture afterward we got the whole truth.

  All those who disappeared had died by
poison. The poison was that same whitish
powder which we had found on our cachassa
jug. It killed quickly, but with so little
pain that the victim seemed only to fall into
sudden sleep. Thus there were no cries or
struggles from those who took it in their
liquor, and nobody would be alarmed by
any noise. Before morning Urubu could
quietly carry the body to his own room,
where a part of his floor could be lifted out
and the murdered man or woman dropped
through to the big jacare waiting below.

  Ricardo and Alberto, though slain at dif-
ferent times, had both been killed for the
same reason—their money. Each was a
shrewd gambler and a dangerous fighter;
and the Vulture, finding them hard to cheat
and knowing he could not rob them alive,
had robbed them dead.

  The girl Januaria had been put out of the

way because she knew far too much about
Urubu and was likely to prove dangerous to
him—indeed, she had openly threatened to
tell certain things she knew. And Anna
Malagueita must have died because the
Vulture knew she had warned us to be on
our guard.

  Urubu had been behind all the attempts
to kill us also, but had not himself taken a
hand with the snake and the tree. He had
worked through two worthless men of the
town who would do anything if well paid,
and who became scared and went away after
the second attempt failed—we could not
find them when we went looking for them,
and we never saw them again. But the
poisoning -of our cachassa must have been
done by Urubu himself while we were pass-
ing the evening at Joaquim’s place.

  If the floating tree should destroy us, you
see, no trace would be left of the poisoned
jug. If the tree spared us and the poison
killed us there would still be no proof that
he had been concerned in it, for men would
know we bought our cachassa from Joaquim,
and suspicion would be most likely to fall
on the man who had sold it to us. To ruin
his enemy Joaquim as well as to kill us
would be much to the taste of the Vulture.

  With these things settled in our minds,
we settled the matter of the money. Pedro
pointed out that no man could prove how
much he had lost here; that the losers had
had some pleasure in spending it; that we
all could earn more money if we needed it,
and that any attempt to divide it among us
would probably lead to trouble. So he sug-
gested that we give it all in equal shares to
the girls of the house, who had been pleasant
companions and who now had nothing. The
men agreed. And it was done.

  When the girls had come up and taken
their money Pedro still held one share.

  “This,” he explained, “goes to the little
girl who nearly came to this house but is
now at the house of Joaquim. She must
have money to take her home, and I intend
to see that she has plenty.”

  After a minute of silence a whining voice
asked:

  “And do I get nothing at all? You
promised me-”

  “Be still, Domengos!” I cut in. “If we
gave you what you deserve you would get
only a good kicking. Yet since you have
told the truth, we will give you something
worth your while. It would do no good to
The Vulture

171

give you money. You would only drink it
up. But there is much liquor left here
behind the bar, and you may have as much
of it as you can carry away at one load.
Now bend your back and sweat.”

  He did sweat. He got bags and crammed
them with the strongest liquors in the place,
working fast for fear we might change our
minds. He loaded himself down so that he
could scarcely walk, and when he carried
his burden to the door he puffed and stag-
gered and splashed sweat on the floor.

  Outside he got into a montaria and went
away. And it was a long time before any
one again saw him sober.

  Then, after looking at Miguel and finding
that his wound was painful but not mortal,
and that his girl Maria was taking good care
of him, Pedro and Joaquim and I left the
house which no longer was that of the Vul-
ture and paddled back to Angela.

  Into her hands Pedro put the money, tell-
ing her that now she could return to Ega or to
Santarem as she pleased. But after holding
it and staring at it—more money than she
had seenjn all her life—she passed it back
to him.

  “Keep it for me,” she said. “I do not—I
do not know that I want to go. I—I like
this place better than I did.”

  We stared at her. She dropped her eyes
and looked at the floor. Glancing at Paula,
I saw a wise smile grow on her face.

  “But you must go, Angela,” Pedro told
her. “This place is unhealthful in more
ways than one. You have been here only a
short time, but even now you do not look
so strong as when you came. You will be
much more healthy and far more happy at
one of those towns on the great river.”

  Still she gazed at the floor. Then she

looked shyly up at him and glanced quickly
aside.

  “Santarem and Ega are far from here,”
she said in a small voice. “I do not want to
travel so far—alone.”

  He put a hand under her chin and lifted
her face to his. A hot blush flamed in her
cheeks, but she met his eyes steadily.
When he spoke again his voice was very
gentle.

  “I would go down the river with you,
Angela, but I am not yet ready to leave the
Javary. I intend to work one more season
on the seringal of the coronet, and then to
go out and stay out.

  “Go back to Santarem and find Vincente
Honorio, my godfather. Say to him that
when the next great flood rises I come back
home, and that in the meantime he is to
take very good care of you. Tell him that
I, Pedro Andrada, have said this. Now be
a good girl and do as I say, and all will be
well.”

  She did as he said. On the next down
boat she sailed away, taking with her the
money he had brought her from the Vulture,
the memory of all he had done for her, and
his promise that in another year he would
come home. And with her going Remate
de Males settled back into his usual habit—
waiting.

  Our friends, the rubber-workers, waited
for the time when they could go back to
work in the swampy forests. The townsmen
waited for the flood waters to ebb until they
could walk about on dry land and kick the
bones of the Vulture out of the street. And
Pedro and I, with a new jug of cachassa
which we knew would not be poisoned,
yawned and waited for whatever might
happen next.
%

THE PRODIGAL SON

by Ira South

T^\0 YOU call to mind the Scriptural tale
Of the roving Prodigal Son,

How it fell he cried for his father’s house
And despaired the thing he had done?

         And he rose and made the old dear streams
         Which marked the boundary lines
         And a hillcrest broke by a thread of smoke
         All well-remembered signs.

          T T IS peace returned as he tended the flocks
          -*• And, watching the sunlight gleam
          On the salt-white stones of the homestead walls,
          He forgot his broken dream.

And he had forgot when he went away,

         Or had never fully known
         How dear he held a girl who dwelled

          By the fields where the grain was grown.

        T> UT Autumn wore on and Winter came,

And time was swiftly sped,

Till a wistful thought arose one day,

          Desire he believed was dead.

         “O mother dear, say what was done
         With my old knotted staff.

         Was my patched cloak burned when I returned
         From off the wayside path?”

        ' I 'O HEBRON came another Spring,

-*■ To the slopes of Lebanon.

          Again a father’s heart aggrieved,

          For again he yearned a son.

         This time he took no heritage—

Naught but his staff and cloak.

         A bolt left drawn and he was gone
         With never a farewell spoke.

          TT'OR he that hath in his restless blood
          Some ancient wandering strain
          May dwell content for a season of peace,

           But it will rise again.

         When the camel-drivers curse and sing
         Along the dusty trail,

          The old-trod track will call him back
          And nothing may avail.

172
HERE’S the start of a Camp-Fire Station
and Club in Winnipeg, Canada. Com-
rade Peterson wants any of you in or near
there to get into touch with him:

Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.

  Mr. A. S, McNamee and the writer, both situated
in Winnipeg, for how long, only Kismet knows—at
least, anyhow, until the call of the wild claims
us—would like to light a big Camp-Fire in this
Northern Metropolis, but local advertising has not
revealed any adventurers or T.T.T.’s. So if you
would do us the favor to insert an invitation for
a rally around the Camp-Fire to be lit and kept
burning in Winnipeg, Man., in the Camp-Fire sec-
tion of the next possible Adventure issued, we would
be pleased to organize a Camp-Fire club here with
all refinements and accommodations possible. This
Winnipeg Camp-Fire open to active local and cor-
responding members. Membership fees only to
cover actual expense in upkeep. Any one interested
please address the undersigned.—Walter Peter-
son, 143 Kennedy St.

*	I 'HE Station idea is taking hold. Slowly
but surely, and it is better that way.
Once more here is the explanation of the
plan, and a list—larger than last time—of
those who have definitely undertaken
Stations:

  A station may be in any shop, home or other
reputable place. The only requirements are that a
station shall display the regular station sign, provide
a box or drawer for mail to be called for and provide
and preserve a sufficiently substantial register book.
When there are enough stations to warrant even a
small order this office will furnish the books and signs.

  No responsibility for mail is assumed by anybody;
the station merely uses ordinary care. Entries in
register to be confined to name or serial number,
route, destination, permanent address and such other
brief notes or remarks as desired; each station can
impose its own limit on space to be used. Registers
become permanent property of station; signs remain
property of this magazine, so that if there is due
cause of complaint from members a station can be
discontinued by withdrawing sign.

\ STATION bulletin-board is strongly to be rec-
ommended as almost necessary. On it travelers
can leave tips as to conditions of trails, etc., resident
members can post their names and addresses, such
hospitality as they care to offer, calls for any travel-
ers who are familiar with countries these residents
once knew, calls for particular men if they happen
that way, etc., notices or tips about local facilities
and conditions. Letters to resident members can
be posted on this bulletin-board.

  Any one who wishes is a member of Camp-Fire
and therefore entitled to the above station privileges.
(Question of requiring identification-cards or Camp-
Fire button to be decided later.) Those offering
hospitality of any kind do so on their own respon-
sibility and at their own risk and can therefore
make any discriminations they see fit. Travel-
ing members will naturally be expected to re-
member that they arc merely guests and act ac-
cordingly.

  A station may offer only the required register and
mail facilities or enlarge its scope to any degree it
pleases. Its possibilities as headquarters for a local
club of resident Camp-Fire members is excellent.

ALABAMA—New Orleans. W. A. Bussey, St.
   Louis Cafe, Dauphine and St. Louis Sts.

CANADA—Vancouver, B. C. C. Plowden, B. C.
   Drafting & Blue Print Co.

  Burlington, Ontario. Thos. Jocelyn.

  Deseronto. The Post Weekly, Harry M. Moore.
  Dunedin, P. E. Island. J. N. Berrigan.
  Norwood, Manitoba. Albert Whyte, 172J4 De
  Meurons St.

  Winnipeg, Manitoba. Walter Peterson, 143 Ken-
    nedy St.

CALIFORNIA—Oakland. Lewis F. Wilson,
   1030 30 St.

  Lost Hills. Mr. and Mrs. M. A. Monson, care of
    Gen. Pet. No. 2.

  San Bernardino. Mrs. R. Souter, 275 K St.
  Santa Monica. Col. Wm. Strover, Westlake
  Military School.

CANAL ZONE—Cristobal. F. E. Stevens, Cris-
   tobal.

CUBA—Havanna. R. N. Fanes, Dominquer 7
   Cerro.

173
174

Adventure

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA—Washington. Fa-
   gan’s Cigar Store, 1404 New York Ave. N. W.

INDIANA-—Connersville. Norba Wm. Guerin,
   112 East 18th St.

ILLINOIS—Chicago. John Bradford Main, care
    of The Junior Yanks, 144 S. Wabash Ave.

 MAINE—Bangor. Dr. G. E. Hathome, 70 Main St.

MASSACHUSETTS—Malden. Arthur R. Lloyd,
   16 Cross St.

MICHIGAN—Marquetta. T. Mitchell, Box 864,
   G. P. O.

NEW JERSEY—Caldwell. Chas. A. Gerlard,
   P. O. Box 13.

 Bayonne. J. D. Gray, 92 West 6th St.

NEW YORK—N. Y. C. Robt. V. Steele, Care of
    American Legion, 19 West 44 St.

 Jamestown. W. E. Jones, 12 Fairview Ave.

 Yonkers. A. F. Whegan, 173 Elm St.

OHIO—East Akron. Harry J. Lang, 137 South
    Arlington St.

 OREGON—Marshfield. F. J. Webb, 200 Market

    Ave.

PENNSYLVANIA—Philadelphia. Wm. A. Ful-
   mer, 252 S. 9th St.

Philadelphia. Alfred A. Krombach, 4159 N.
    Eighth St.

PHILIPPINE ISLANDS—Ft. Wm. McKinley,
   Rizal. Marc Guissard, Cpl. 10th Service Co.,
   Signal Corps.

TEXAS—Wichita Falls. A. M. Barlow, P. O.
   Box 51.

 Houston. M. B. Couch, Route 2. Box 189.

WASHINGTON—Republic. A. E. Beaumont,
   Box 283.

 lone. A. S. Albert, Albert’s Billiard Hall.

Seattle. H. C. Copeland. The Western Sports-
    man, 83 Columbia St.

WISCONSIN—Madison. Frank Weston, Room
   9, Tenny Bldg.

WE’VE made a point of keeping our
Camp-Fire discussions away from
religion, but since one of our “Off-the-Trail”
stories brought up the subject, not of creed,
dogma or sectarianism but of elemental
religion, let’s have this letter from one of
our comrades.

    Personally I’m the more inclined to make
 this exception because I believe that most
 of the present world trouble is due to too
 much materialism and that most of us need
 to look at the other side of things more than
 we’ve been doing. No, I’m not a preacher
 any more than Comrade Merrill is—have

 been to church only once in ten or twelve
 years—but I’m not one of the bright little
 fellows who think they have brains enough
 to prove there is no God. As a matter
 of fact, I think brains have much less to do
 with solving the problem either way than
 we are likely to think they have—other-
 wise a fellow’s chance of finding God would
 be directly dependent upon the amount
 of brains he happened to have, which is
 unfair and impossible. My own experience
 has been similar to Comrade Merrill’s and
 I dare say lots more of you are in the same
 boat.

  No, we’re not going to let Camp-Fire fall
to squabbling about even elementary re-
ligion, still less about any creeds or dogmas,
but I believe that what Comrade Merrill
says should be said so that all of us can hear
it and each fellow do his own thinking.

  As to calling Edgar Young’s “The Master
Plotter” an Off-the-Trail story, we did so
because it differs from our usual stories in
that it brings up this very question of re-
ligion and because it is more psychological
in nature than are most of our stories.

St. Albans, Vermont.

  Why do you asterisk “The Master Plotter” by
Edgar Young in August 3rd issue as “Off-the-Trail?”
Sure, Mr. Man, it’s very much On the Trail, the
true Trail of Life experience reveals. If you don’t
know it, you ought to and sure will some day. Good
luck to you. I’ll gamble that Edgar Young has
stacked up against the vicissitudes of life and prof-
ited by the lessons taught. More power to him!

T BUCKED up against “The Master Plotter” nigh

   two score of years, thought myself smarty en-
ough to outwit Him, at other times strenuously
endeavored to persuade myself there is no Him, but
always got beautifully licked. Thought once or
twice I was going to get by and deceive Him, but
no use—it was only a lull before a storm and I got
knocked out good and plenty. Came mighty near
going over the Great Divide to get what might be
coming to me there, but He knew best and gave
me another chance.

   About a score of years ago took a tumble to my
damfoolishness and, weary of stacking up agin a
losing game, was first neutral and passive, then
turned to and fought with instead of against Him.
Began to make good at once and have been climb-
ing up ever since.

  He is a winner, we can not deceive Him. The
Master Plotter gives us a square deal every time
and it’s up to us to play the hand He deals for all
it’s worth, and believe me, it’s some hand! You
can use this anyway, anywhere, any time you wish.

   I don’t like notoriety but wori’t duck it if it will
do any one any good.—F. O. Merrill.

   P. S. Maybe this is an “Off-the-Trail” letter
but, for the love of Mike, don’t size me up for a
preacher. Usterbe called “Doc” and other things.
—F. O. M.
The Camp-Fire

175

CONCERNING his story in this issue a
word from Arthur O. Friel and a news-
paper clipping. Mr. Friel didn’t mention
the year of the clipping, but his letter en-
closing it was dated April 23, 1920.

  This story gives Lourenfo and Pedro further
adventures after their return to the headquarters of
the Coroncl. The town of Remate de Males, where
these experiences take place, is a real town on the
Javary, about thirty miles up from the Solimoes
(Amazon), where the rubber-workers of the region
gather during the high floods.

  Although it really hasn’t much to do with the
Urubu of this tale, I’m sending along a news story
in connection with it which is quite graphically told
and out of the usual run of news dispatches. May-
be it’s worth a “Camp-Fire” note, maybe not.
Anyway, it’s interesting.—Arthur O. Friel.

  Here is the clipping, an interesting story
on its own account, quite apart from haunt-
ing vultures.

  Miami, Fla., Sept. 13—Many hours before the
storm which sunk the Ward liner Corydon in the
Bahamas channel Tuesday morning with a loss of
twenty-seven lives, a vulture followed the ship and
perched on her spars, while a panic-stricken crew,
believing in the superstitions of the sea, were con-
vinced that they were doomed.

  Such is the story brought here by eight of the crew
who were 53 hours adrift on an upturned boat,
battered and bruised and without food or water.

  All day Sunday as the ship pursued her way in
calm seas and light winds, the great bird hovered
overhead.

  Sunday night and Monday the Corydon staggered
through the smashing seas. Monday night every
member of the crew was engaged in a desperate
battle for life.

  There was no food as the galley and , revision
rooms were flooded. Tuesday morning they lost
control of the ship, the wireless apparatus was short-
circuited and no S. O. S. calls could be sent out.

  When the vessel went under, the Americans in the
crew kept their heads and saved the lives of some
others of the thirty-six.

  “I slid against a lifeboat and clung to it when the
Corydon listed,” said one of the survivors. “The
lifeboat and I shot into the sea together. Luckily it
landed rightside up and I got in. All the oars were
lashed to it.”

  Nine other men got into the lifeboat, and a few
moments afterward the Corydon went down. Al-
most immediately the seas capsized the lifeboat
three times, as fast as the men could dive from under
it and right it again. They lashed themselves to
the seats with strips of clothing.

  Third Mate Mallowes told a graphic story of his
battle with John Condron, a Greco-American sea-
man, when he became crazed by privation and fear.
“I held him all of the first day and night,” said
Mallowes.

  “He was raving crazy. He got violent and tried
to draw a stiletto. I tied him to the boat then.
When I became so weak I could do nothing with him
and when he got a chance he threw himself over-
board and was drowned.”

THESE two, Wm, D. Leetch and W. C.
Tuttle, stand side by side to maintain
that a rabbit can take considerable punish-
ment.

Washington, D. C.

  Noticed a line from Mr. Tuttle on a rabbit not
needing guts, supported by an incident relating to
same. Had a similar experience with a “jack” on
the head of Wind River, Wyoming, in the Spring of
1917. I have told it to many and been given the raz
in each instance. Shot a large jack with a .38 caliber
Colt, hitting him in the hind leg, breaking same
and tearing the bottom of his stomach so that his
insides pretty nearly all came out. It started off on
a slow lope and one of the fellows with me caught it,
kicking it on the back of the head several times to
put it out of miseryr. Same seemed to revive it, for
when laid down it jumped up and made oS through
the brush at a tremendous rate, squealing like a pig
at ringing-time. It mounted a rise about a quarter
of a mile away and disappeared, still going strong.
Never saw anything like it. We followed it for some
distance but lost track of it in the brush and never
did find it. Some rabbit! Glad to hear a man whose
word carries some weight put forth a tale to more
than support mine.—Wm. D. Leetch.

WHEN I received the following letter
from G. L. Chester it sounded as if
lamona was likely to stir up quite a discus-
sion, so I thought it might be well to start
things off with scientific dope from the best
authorities and their letters follow Mr.
Chester’s.

Visalia, Cal.

  The members of the caucus have discussed nearly
everything under the sun and seem to know every-
thing, so I ask them to inform me just what drug
is contained in the weed found all over California
and Arizona (and probably elsewhere) known to the
Spanish inhabitants as “lamona” and to the En-
glish speaking as “Dove-weed” or “Turkey Mullein.”
It is a low growing, semi-running plant with foliage
of a peculiar gray color, growing mostly in sandy
soil and bearing a very small black seed. Its medic-
inal peculiarity lies in its fly-repelling power. A
few bunches hung near fresh meat will protect the
meat from “blow-flies,” while a boiled tincture is
sure death to fly maggots in wounds on animals,
besides being very cleansing and healing. The vines
and leaves gathered in piles and then beaten to chaff
with poles and scattered in water with little or no
current will cause every fish in the water to come to
the top, “belly up,” so they may be taken by hand
and eaten without" consequence. This last was
about the most popular method of fishing pursued
by the Indians in the central valleys of California.

—G. L. Chester.

                Department of Agriculture,

Sacramento, Cal.

  Replying to your letter, I would state that the
weed described in the letter of Mr. G. L. Chester,
which you enclosed, is Eremocarpus sctigerus or
“Turkey Mullein.” The facts as described by Mr,
Chester are borne out in the testimony of various
writers. In addition, the plant is a dangerous one
in pastures as it has long hairs on its stems which
176

Adventure

form hair-balls in the stomachs of stock. Just what
drug principle is contained I am unable to find out,
but presume it is similar to that contained in the
castor-oil plant and croton, to both of which it is
closely related.—Department of Agriculture, by
Ethelbert Johnson, Technical Assistant.

  United States Department of Agriculture,

               Bureau of Plant Industry,

Washington, D. C.

  The following account of this plant quoted from
“Contributions from the U. S. National Her-
barium,” Vol. 7, No. 3, pp. 363-4, 1902, will give
you the information desired.

“/PROTON setigerus Hook.—Sha’unt (Pomo)—A
very low, gray weed, native to California, and
popularly known as “turkey mullein.” Some au-
thors give it the technical name Eremocarpus setig-
erus. It grows abundantly in black adobe soil
eveywhere throughout the open country from July
to November, and is very conspicuous on account of
its dainty, mat-like appearance. Its circular out-
lines are very prettily arranged in flat, leafy rosettes.
The white bristly hairs which cover the whole plant
in the greatest profusion are very characteristic,
each bristle being a part of a compound hair,
which radiates outward from the leaf in all direc-
tions. Both the flowers and the fruit are incon-
spicuous.

  The shining, bean-like seeds, only a sixth of an
inch long, are borne in great abundance, and in the
Summer and Autumn constitute one of the favorite
foods of the wild mourning dove, which flocks to
localities where the plant is particularly abundant,
a circumstance which the Indians take advantage
of in order to kill them in large numbers for food.
Turkeys feed on the seed also, and on this account,
and on account of the wooly, mullein-like appear-
ance of the leaf, the plant has been called turkey
mullein.

  The Indian name above given signifies “fish soap-
root,” for, as the name implies, the bruised leaves
are used as a substitute for soaproot in the process
of catching fish by stupefying or poisoning them.
It is hardly inferior to soaproot for catching fish,
but this use has not been known to some of the
tribes, especially the Yokia and Pomo, for so long a
time, having been taught to them in this instance by
more southern tribes. The early Spaniards were
well acquainted with the use of this plant, and
therefore called it yerba del pescado (the fishing
herb).

  A recent popular name which suggests the intoxi-
cating action of the plant is “fish locoweed.”

'T'HE plant is altogether too commonly used both
by the Indians and whites for catching fish. It
is used in precisely the same manner as is described
under Chlorogalum pomeridianum. The exact cause
of the stupefying or crazing effect is not known.
Some Indians attribute it to the stellate hairs,
which, they say, attach themselves to the eyes and
gills and make them frantic. If these should be-
come thus attached, they would undoubtedly cause
great distress, but the chemical qualities of the plant
may easily account for the effect. Not only is the
odor very strong, but the taste is exceedingly acrid,
as it is in most of the members of the spurge family
to which it belongs. A cursory examination of the
eyes and gills of fish caught by means of the

plant would probably settle the question, for the
stellate hairs are exceedingly characteristic of the
plant.

  The Concow are particularly acquainted with the
plant, and use it for medicinal purposes as well as
for catching fish. The fresh leaves are bruised and
applied to the chest as a counter-irritant poultice for
internal pain; a decoction of the plant, or some of
the fresh leaves, is put into warm water which is
used as a bath in typhoid and other fevers, and a
weak decoction is taken internally as a cure for
chills and fever. White people sometimes use it for
the latter purpose, but so far as known it has not
yet been widely used in such a way. The Yuki
name is ke-chU’wo-e-m'ok’—W. W. Stockberger,
Physiologist in Charge of Drug, Poisonous and Oil
Plant Investigations.

ONE of our old-timers pays a fine tribute
to Calamity Jane and tells us some in-
teresting things about her. I know you’ll
join me in asking H. W. H. to tell us still
more about those interesting times.

  I read a letter in Camp-Fire about Calamity Jane.
I want to say that a better-hearted woman never
lived than this same Calamity Jane (true name.
Jane Carey).

T WAS carrying dispatches all through the Sioux
War of 1875-7, and I was Deputy U. S. Marshal
in the Black Hills country for years, and I have s«en
most of the old-timers of that period, Calamity Jane
among the rest. I have seen her dressed in men’s
clothes and driving a ten-mule team on the freight
road from Cheyenne to Dead wood, and I have seen
her dressed in silks in the dance halls of Deadwood.
She used to drink some at times, and she was a
sporting woman and lived a life that was all wrong.
But I don’t believe she ever did a dishonest act in
her life.

  I was in the old Bellunion Hall when Wild Bill
(William Hickok) was shot and Jane was the first
one to reach him and he died in her arms.

TN THE Winter of 1877 times were very hard for
the men that drifted into Deadwood from the
hills, and many a man whould have gone hungry if
it had not been for Calamity Jane1. She owned a
house in Elizabethtown (the lower end of Main
St., Deadwood) and furnished food~and bedding for
at least ten men all Winter, and I know at times
there were twice that number living there. The Men
had to rustle their own wood and do their own cook-
ing, but Jane furnished the house and paid the bills.
She hardly ever went down to the house, but she
saw that there was plenty of food for any one that
was broke, and she worked all Winter in the dance
halls to pay for it.

  I know of a number of cases where she gave the
last cent she had to help out some one in hard luck.
She never was a scout, but, as I said before, I have
seen her driving a*n-mule team. She used to stay
in the camps in the Winter, but liked to be out in
the open air in the Summer time.

  She died at Tombstone, Arizona.

  And my hat is off to the memory of the biggest-
hearted woman that ever followed the mining camps
in the early days.—H. W. H.
The Camp-F ire ^

177

TT. T. Most of us have a general idea

•	of what that means but here comes
Edgar Young with pretty full data. It is
a letter he wrote to one of you in his
“Ask Adventure” capacity.

»	Brooklyn.

  Just when this expression originated would be
hard to say. My knowledge of the American trop-
ics extends back some 14 years when as a young lad.
I first crossed over into old Mexico and the expres-
sion was current at that time. Men in the tropics
(Americans) used the initials T. T. T. in speaking of
certain types of men and only used the words
Typical Tropical Tramp to explain to a newcomer
when he asked what “T. T. T.” meant. Possibly
the expression could not be traced back to its
origin, as is the case with the word “boomer” for
itinerant railroader, which is in current use through-
out the West and has been for twenty years.

  Last Winter a T. T. T. whom I knew in Mexico,
Ecuador, Panama and Costa Rica, called on me and
we were talking about the origin of the expression.
He is much older than I and was in Guatemala
during the construction of the Northern Railroad
from Puerto Barrios to the capital. According to
his explanation, Ed Burke tried to organize the
roaming Americans and English-speaking foreigners
who traveled from job to job into a society for mu-
tual aid. This society was called the “Typical
Tropical Tramps.” A lot of secret works were
drawn up and a badge bearing the letters T. T. T.
ordered from the U. S. Later, in a conversation
with a man who was in Costa Rica in 1872 and who
has a couple of immense albums of photos taken at
that time, he told me that the expression was in use
when he first landed in Costa Rica. Both stories
are possibly true. Burke may have used the
existing expression to draw up the society.
Whether it is a fact or not that hundreds of men
have been called T. T. T’s before this time, it is true
that hundreds have since been called that without
having gone through any initiation ceremony.

gTRANGE as it may appear, it is a compli-
mentary title. It means that a man is an all-
around good fellow who has traveled over the
tropics from end to end and will share his last cent
with any white man he meets up with down there.
About the first question a T. T. T. asks a man when
he arrives is, “How’re you fixed?” On receiving an
answer that the newcomer hasn’t eaten lately or is
short of money the T. T. T. proceeds to shell out
part or all of his roll, his pie-card, digs out his best
suit and gives it up or borrows one that will fit the
newcomer, shares his room, introduces the recien
llegado (newly arrived) to the bunch, vouches for
him to the boss if he wants a job, and, if he doesn’t
want one and wants to travel to the next camp where
white men work, squares him with a railroad con-
ductor or buys him a ticket. He may never have
seen the man before in his life and may never see him
again. He does not expect a cent in return. He
figures by the “endless chain'’ that some one will
do the same for him some time and the chances are
100 to 1 that the man he has helped will get the
opportunity to return the favor at some future time.

JT IS unbelievable that such men exist in this
selfish world. They exist by the hundreds and
it is only a case of going to any white camp in

Central America, Mexico and the northern part of
S. A. and down the West Coast into the copper and
gold camps of Peru and Chile to find them. They
are not very frequent on the east coast of S. A. after
passing Venezuela and, although a rare T. T. T. is to
be found in Brazil and Argentine, the expression is
not often heard. Many of them were up the Ama-
zon during the construction of the Madeira-Mamore
when wages were $250 and room per month for
either a locomotive engineer or a clerk in the office.
The bunch who went were lured by the high prices
paid in all lines and the adventure a job of this kind
offered. This was a very unhealthy place. Many
died with fever and beri-beri in 1909 and 1910,
among them Ed Burke, who was acting as chief
dispatcher at the time.

    OW it happens that a white man loses caste if he
labors in a low capacity in Latin America. He
is always employed as a boss of some kind. If he is
employed as a machinist he is given a couple of
yellow Indian or black West Indian helpers and he
is supposed to oversee them and make them do the
work. Anything that can be done by these cheaper
laborers is done in this manner. A man does not
lose caste for doing work they can not learn to do,
such as running a locomotive or similar work, but he
is not supposed to do work they can do. This may
appear foolish, but it is very sensible. Long before
the war a white American would not consider less
than $125 and free quarters. He was a high-priced
man. If this man did the work of a twenty-five
ccnts per day native he was appearing at a disad-
vantage on the job. He lost the respect of his
fellows and also, strange to say, the respect of the
native people.

TN CONNECTION with this it is well to state
that the better class in Latin America of the
native people never work with their hands. They
produce some fine artists, great writers, excellent
politicians, many army officers, a multitude of in-
spired poets (no jest, this), but produce no mechani-
cal geniuses, factory managers or other practical
men. The entire bunch of Latin American coun-
tries are forced to call in foreigners to run their
machinery, railroads, factories, etc. In Brazil a
man capable of installing a small briquetting plant,
cotton mill, or similar work, is known by the title of
“Doctor.” The Brazilian thinks a man capable of
doing things of this kind is wonderful. He is intro-
duced into the clubs and complimented in the daily
papers. Among all the foreigners who come to
Brazil an American is the most popular. Just to let
it be known that a man is an American means to a
Brazilian that they have a man capable of doing
everything.

  They themselves are wonderful in their own lines.
They can tell more about coffee in one minute by
pouring a teaspoonful of it on a saucer and watching
the stain it makes than any America#can find out in
a lifetime. They know rubber through all its
grades. They know many other things. They
have the most wonderful country on the face of the
world and the most money to spend. But a Bra-
zilian couldn’t begin to put a ribbon on a typewriter.

  To a less extent this holds good through all the
countries from the Rio Grande to Cape Horn.
Mexico is possibly the exception. Many Mexican
firemen have become engineers and many bra-
queros have become conductors. Also others have
i78

Adventure

learned until Mexico can almost do her own work.
But these have been peons who have learned. The
higher caste have never tried to learn manual work
of any kind and look down on a man who does it.
Gradually an American begins to shun working
with his hands if he has begun it when he first ar-
rived. He figures he is as good as the better class of

native people. Finally he decides he is a-sight

better than the better class and is really reckoned by
them as such. It is possibly for this reason that he
feels called on to help any fellow countryman who
arrives broke. No, I won’t say that either. It
isn’t that. It's just good fellowship. It’s a sort of
ethics that has been assumed by T. T. T’s. It’s the
custom. Everybody does it and a man falls into the
habit, I guess.

  I arrived over the trail from Mexico in Guate-
mala City a pretty hard looking specimen. That
night a man called me aside and gave me $25. His
name was Shaunessy and he had arrived over the
same trail a few months before. The master
mechanic gave me $60 a few nights later. He want-
ed to give me all he had and we compromised on the
$60; Ed Burke wired me $25. I went to Panama
and got a chance to stake two of them in return. I
hired a hack and took the best meal down to the
quarantine station in Colon that ever went in the
gate. Shaunessy did not arrive. He died on the
trail between Guatemala and Honduras. If he had
arrived in Panama I would have gone broke on him
for he was a “good guy.” That’s the way it goes.
They stake you and you stake them, or some one
else and he stakes them “further down the creek” as
the expression goes.

JyJOST of them are high-class men. They run
from men who have managed railroads down to
clerks and telegraph operators. Their feet are itchy.
As a rule they do not remain very long. But they
are competent and can handle the job while they do
work. Ed Burke, who has been general manager of
every railroad in Central America, used to blow up,
hit the trail several hundred miles, and blow in look-
ing like a vagabond on the next job. He was a
wonderful man in more respects than one—could
possibly be called the “King of the T. T. T.”
Flood was another big man of the clan. A man
gave him $12 when he passed through Tehuantepec,
walking to the zone. I personally know that it
cost him over $2,500 to buy this same man out of
jail in Panama for accidentally murdering a gambler
with a tap on the temple. The gambler had a
“paper,” or rotten, skull.

  Abont all that is required to be a T. T. T. is to
hit a few trails and arrive at some mine or railroad
job broke. They will see that you are looked after.
And then you will be doing the same thing yourself.
If you can’t help the one who helped you, you will
help some one who will and it wifi finally get
back to him. Law of compensation. Some one
started doing it years ago. I wish I knew who
he was. I’d get the T. T. T’s to build him a
monument.

  Incidentally, some of the men who first come
down, “contract stiffs,” speak sneeringly of the
T. T. T. Many of them later hit the trail and
become among the best of the “Typical Tropical
Tramps.” Here’s to ’em! Best bunch in the
world! If I wasn’t sleepy I’d fan this type-
writer another half hour telling you about them.
—Edgar Young.

*	I 'HIS will stir things up a bit. T. S. Miller,
of our “A. A.” department, asks us to -
settle this matter of the derivation of the
word “gringo.”

                            Monterey Co., Cal.

  Can any reader of “Camp-Fire” furnish any in-
formation regarding the origin of the term “gringo”?
Perhaps Edgar Young, whose intimacy with Mexico
and Central America one envies, can add to the
many curious and wild explanations of this word,
which is beginning to become a bugbear to me. I
can not number the verbal and written queries I
have received as to the origin of this word. Per-
haps it is merely the fascination of mystery. Any-
way, “gringo” seems to be one of those insolvable
mysteries.

A BOUT a year ago a compiler of a Latin-American
dictionary, writing from Lima, sought informa-
tion on this word through the “Ask Adventure” ser-
vice. I was unable to give him much satisfaction.
He seemed to think “gringo” originated in Africa.
He wrote that, though in South America generally
the word is “gringo,” in Venezuela they say “gurun-
go,” which latter he traces to the African “um-1-
ungo,” meaning “the white man.” If that is so,
“um-l-ungo” does not come from West Africa, at
least I never met it there. But he speculates that
“gur” signifies red: “S’il resulte que “gur” signifie
“rouge” complexion sanguine, rubicund, nous du-
rons l’explication du terme “gringo” signifie “homme
rubicund,” he writes.

   His view is novel to me, but probably more plausi-
ble than the common belief of the Southwest as to
the origin of “gringo,” which, so the. story runs,
originated through the fact that the Englishmen
began to arrive in Mexico about the time of the pojt
ularity of the song, “Green grow the rushes, o!” .
that the Mexicans heard this song ever on the lip >
of the Englishmen and took its two first words, or a
they understood those words, for “gringo” as th
name of the whites. An old lexicon gives the wore
as a Mexican term of contempt for whites, but fur-
nishes no derivation of the word nor its relationship
to contempt.—T. S. Miller.

ANOTHER belated letter drawn at ran-
dom from our cache. Written Octo-
ber 19, 1918, from Vancouver, B. C., its
writer’s address for reply was Private R.
White, No. 2,768,887, Base Depot, C. E. F.,
Siberia. Where is he now? Back safe in
his home in Labrador? I hope that at
least he came through unscathed. Perhaps
if he sees this he’ll drop Camp-Fire a line by
way of report.

  I’m going after these old letters in our
Camp-Fire cache. Some gain in interest
by delay, but in other cases we lose by it.
After this I’ll try not to let them he so long,
though our Camp-Fire letters pile up so
that our space can’t keep up with them.

  Though Camp-Fire is not a place for
buying or selling, I leave in the sale offer
in the following, since naturally that offer
The Camp-Fire

179

could not hold at this late day and in these
high-priced times.

                            Vancouver, B. C.

   I have been taking Adventure for three years now,
through a newsdealer in St. Johns, N. F., the near-
est large town to Labrador, where I have my home,
but am now leaving for Siberia.

T NOTICED in 1st November issue, 1918, answer
by R. S. Spears to question re “kajacks.”
As the Esquimaux in Labrador still use kyacks
and I am somewhat familiar with them, may I
offer a few details? The kyacks of Greenland,
Baffin Land, Hudson Bay and Ungava Bay and
Labrador are all built on similar plan, but differ in
the various localities mentioned. Such differences,
however, are so slight as to be apparent to experts
only. Bones are only used in the frames in those
places where wood is not procurable and the seal-
skin covering is put on in such a condition that it
shrinks tightly over the frame.

  In Labrador many natives now use canoe canvas
instead of sealskin for a covering, owing to the fact
that seals are scarcer than formerly and the skin
necessary to cover a kyack will bring in the local
trading stores enough returns to buy sufficient
canvas and other articles as well. Sealskin, how-
ever, is considered better than canvas. In Southern
Labrador the kyack is rarely seen; in the North—
say from Nain north—it is seen in increasing num-
bers as one gets away from civilization and means
of buying sailboats and motorboats. Contrary to
Mr. Spears’s statement, a kyack can be used safely
by any white man used to canoes. It is true they
are cranky boats, but I have seen quite a few white
men tackle them with success, though of course it
takes years to use them like the natives do.

   If your correspondent who asks the questions re
kyacks wishes to buy one, I could manage to sell
him a full-sized hunting model for $150, complete
with paddles, harpoon, float, bladder, etc., delivered
in St. John’s, N. F.—Pte. R. White.

THERE are quite a lot of us in the U. S.
N., and I have no doubt some of you
are pretty sure to remember this scrap on

the Chicago:

                   The Receiving Station,

                                 Philadelphia, Pa.
The last time I wrote you I had just got under
way on the Chicago for the Republica de Colombia,
which cruise never wound up until we hit Cuba,
Barbadoes, Bahia, Brazil and, last but not least, the
place I often read of in Adventure, Rio de Janeiro,
and I sure got mine going over the Line. I can’t re-
member the name of the different writers who gave
us the dope on South America, but I feel a special
interest in all of them now that I have been there,
' particularly the fellow who faked and dropped the
bottle overboard en route from Barbadoes to Bahia,
as I traveled that course. Coming back we stopped
in at Port o’ Spain, Trinidad, and I had the oppor-
tunity of going through the Leper Settlement and
meeting the sisters who conduct it.

T ALSO read what some one wrote regarding the
fight that was staged on one of the old sailing
packets, and particularly noticed what he said about
the way the cops would stop such a thing to-day. I

wish you would let a little of this be published in
Camp-Fire and see if any of the old gang can re-
member the foc’s’le fight that was staged by one
“Muckles” Reilly, boatswain’s mate, first-class, 00
the U. S. S. Chicago. I won’t say this battle lasted
all day, but it was some scrap. Some of the crew,
if they read it, will remember the battle, and I can
produce proof in the way of photographs, which a
calm, collected gob snapshotted while it was under
way. I think if this gentleman had seen that battle
he would appreciate that the gobs of to-day have
not deteriorated or lost any of their battling
ability.

  Of course, some doubters will say, Where were
the officers of the ship? That is a mystery, but the
photos show the men going at it, stripped to the
waist, with their bodies pretty well covered with
gore. “Muckles” Reilly is still aboard the Chicago
in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.

James J. Burke, Cy., U. S. N.

1AST call for our annual vote by readers
-/ on the ten best stories published by
our magazine during 1920. Voting is an
easy matter. Any one can vote. Here are
the particulars:

A LL you need to do is write the titles and au-
thors’ names of the ten stories you consider
best, given in order of preference, and mail us the
sheet of paper to reach us not later than December
thirty-first. If you like, and as many as ten more
for honorable mention. As in the past years, short
stories, novelettes, novels and serials are included,
poems,Camp-Fire and the other departments are
barred out. The issues covered are those dated
January 3, 1920, to December 18, 1920, inclusive.
Serials only parts of which are contained in these
issues are included.

  We very sincerely want your cooperation and
help in getting for Adventure the kind of story and
the authors that a majority of our readers like best.
If you know of a better way of furthering this co-
operation than is the annual vote by readers, name
it, for we are ready to try any legitimate plan that
will help register your wishes in the making of the
magazine. It’s not only common sense to strive for
this but it’s a lot happier and more comfortable
all around if people work together in friendly
fashion.

\^/IIILE the departments are excluded from the
vote, we’ll be more than glad to get sugges-
tions for improving them or adding to them, but
don’t forget that “Letter-Friends” and “Wanted”
have already been tried, and, though successful and
popular, had to be given up because two or three
readers abused them.

  And if you have any suggestions concerning the
magazine in general or any part of it, by all means
send them in. I mean constructive suggestions that
will definitely point out ways for improvement.
Wherever we can meet your ideas we will, but re-
member that it is the majority whom we must please
and that, while a given plan may please a minority
and perhaps us here in the office, if it fails to please
the majority it is not warranted.

  But the only way to find out what the majority
want is for the readers themselves to tell us. And
you are one of the readers.
LOOKING
AHEAD
FOR
DEMOCRACY

OUPPOSE that in your town such posters as the
following met the citizens’ eyes wherever they
turned during the days just preceding an election?
That’s what is done in Grand Rapids, Michigan, by
the local Americanization Society, 318 Shepard
Bldg., Frank L. Dykema, secretary. (As you know,
they actually teach practical American citizenship
in the schools of Grand Rapids.)

  The results of these posters and the campaign of
which they are a part richly proved the practical
value of the work. So would it in any other
American city or town.

  And isn’t pretty good Americanism being taught
there?

  Here are the posters. The last sentence of the
first poster appeared also on all the others.

Mothers and Fathers

Make the children good citizens by setting them the
example of good citizenship. YOU can’t neglect
your duty and expect THEM to respect theirs any
more than you can be dishonest and expect THEM
to be honest.

Vote Aug. 31.—Am. So.

Tell the aliens to go to the Clerk of the Superior
Court or to the County Clerk to take out their
Citizenship papers.

Get This

IF nobody voted there would be no government.
THAT’S what the anarchist wants. IF YOU
don’t vote Aug. 31st you are playing the anarchist’s
game for him.—Am.. So.

election day. KEEP yours by voting Aug. 31.—
Am. So.

                Vote Early Aug. 31

WHEN you meet a man or woman, look them in the
eye—they’ll know what you mean. IF THEY have
not voted they will feel like a plugged nickel. But
be right yourself. Vote early.—Am. So.

Women

Voting isn’t a privilege—it is a duty that every
citizen owes to every other citizen. It is your moral
obligation. Vote Au^. 31.—Am. So.

Stop Thief!

Don’t steal your children’s liberties by failing t
maintain your government. When you fail to vo''
you are robbing them. Be honest, vote Augu
31st.—Am. So.

Sure

You would fight for the United States if it were
necessary, but your ballot is just as important in
fighting the enemies of self-government as bullets
were in war. Vote Aug. 31.—Am. So.

                The Only Difference

between a man or woman who does not vote and an
anarchist, is that the non-voter destroys the govern-
ment more slowly than the anarchist. Don’t be in
the anarchist class. Vote Aug. 31.—Am. So.

Think

A Mother

Trains her children in honesty and fair dealing by
example. A mother who fails in her duty as a
citizen is not setting a good example for her children.
Women, vote Aug. 31st. It’s a duty.—Am. So.

x Honorable Men

and women keep their engagements. EVERY
citizen has an engagement with his Government on

What it would mean to you and your children if
Bolshevism won out in United States. There’s only
one way to beat it, and that’s by Real American
Citizenship. If you don’t vote August 31, YOU DO
VOTE for Bolshevism.—Am. So.

  Space does not allow giving full details of the
Grand Rapids system, but I know Mr. Dykema will
be glad to give all the data he can to any good
Americans who take up the work of establishing the
same system in other American towns.—A. S. H.

180
A BIRD'S-EYE VIEW OF CENTRAL AMERICA

The Spring That Runs Blood—Where the Sun Rises Out of the
Pacific and Sets in the Atlantic

By Edgar Young

ROUGHLY speaking, taking a bird’s-eye
view of the general outline of Central
“ America, it is hard to describe. It is
the lower extension of the North American
continent, running in a southeasterly direc-
tion, decreasing in width down to the Re-
public of Panama, where it terminates in
the form of a horseshoe with the heels spread
wide apart and the toe of the shoe pointed
north.

  A portion of the Pacific Ocean south of
Panama is both east and west of the At-
lantic. Panama Canal Zone runs almost
north and south; in fact Panama City is
southeast of Colon.

  The Republic of Panama, shown on a
map by itself, bears a remarkable likeness
to a gigantic measuring-worm headed west.
From a point near the middle of the Atlantic
coast of the republic the rest of the land is
either south, southeast or southwest from
there. Nothing could be more at variance
with the facts than the current belief in the
United States that this republic runs north
and south and the Canal Zone runs east and
west. The sun rises out of the Pacific and
sets in the Atlantic to persons on the Canal
Zone.

  Central America is not a flat, low-lying
stretch of land. It is a mountainous coun-
try with rugged mountains, some of which
are capped with eternal show. The low
country consists of the coastal plains, for
the most part on the Atlantic side.

  The height of land is nearer the Pacific
side than the Atlantic, the slope dropping
more abruptly to the Pacific and more grad-
ually to the Atlantic. This is very general,
for there are off-shooting spur ranges in both
directions from the main backbone, some of
which as in southern Guatemala and north-
ern Honduras extend all the way to the
Atlantic and in Salvador all the way to the
Pacific.

  This main backbone range is part of the
Pan-American or Rocky-Andean chain that
extends from Alaska to the extreme end of
South America, finding their lowest height

in Panama and their highest in certain
peaks in South America. It is a fact that
the mountains of Central America in pre-
historic times rose to an immense height.

  The general topography of the country is
due to the heavier rainfall on the Atlantic
than on the Pacific side when these moun-
tains were too high to allow passage of rain-
laden clouds, which is a prevailing condition
in certain portions of South America today.

  From undeniable indications eastern Hon-
duras and eastern Nicaragua were formed
by the filling up of the sea with material
brought down from the mountains by ero-
sion; Panama was formed by the wearing
down of a chain of islands that connected
the continents of North and South America;
and the other republics of Costa Rica, Sal-
vador and Guatemala by a gradual wearing
down of the main backbone range and off-
shooting spurs.

  Examination of some of the highest hills
in the coastal plains shows them to be of vol-
canic origin. These were islands before the
sea was filled in around them. From the
soil of the surrounding plain fossils of ex-
tinct sea denizens have been-dug up, such
as sharks’ teeth measuring several inches in
diameter, skeletons, etc.

  The rivers as general rule empty into the
Atlantic. The number and size in so small
a territory is a source of surprize to a new-
comer. Along the coasts, principally on the
Atlantic, among the deltas of these rivers,
are to be found numerous lagoons, some of
which are very extensive in size. Many
are barely separated from the sea and are
salt or brackish, others are really lakes of
fresh water lying back several miles from the
sea and connected with it by a small outlet.

  In the interior there are many high-lying
crater lakes of various sizes and at various
altitudes. The principal lake of Central
America, however, in point of size, is Lake
Nicaragua, or Gran Lago. This lake lies in
the Pacific half of Nicaragua—an immense
body of water, connected with the Atlantic
by the largest and most important river of
181
Adventure

Central America, the San Juan; and with
Lake Managua, a much smaller lake lying
in front of the capital, by a shallow creek,
locally called Tipitapi estero, through which
boats of very light draft have passed. The
surface of these two lakes is between a hun-
dred and twenty-five and a hundred and
thirty feet above sea-level.

  In point of importance the artificial lake
of Gatun, made by the Americans during
the construction of the Panama Canal, far
excels any other. This lake, of some hun-
dred and seventy square miles in extent and
lying about eighty feet above sea-level, was
formed by placing a dam between two
mountains and confining the waters of the
Chagres and several other small rivers.
Over its surface passes an ever-increasing
portion of the world’s commerce, finding its
way up from the sea and down again into
the sea by means of huge concrete locks
near both ends of the canal.

  Volcanos—There are more than eighty
volcanos in Central America, many of which
are active, others in formation, and others
extinct. The principal ones are:

  Guatemala: Tucana, Tajumulco, Santa
Maria, San Pedro, Atitlan, Agua, Fuego,
Acatenango, Pacaya, Suchitan.

  Salvador: San Vicente, San Salvador,
San Miguel, Santa Ana, Izalco, Conchagua.

  Nicaragua: Cosiguina, Viejo, Telica,
Momotombo, Masaya, Mambacho, Ome-
tepe, Madera.

  Costa Rica: Ravolo, Blanco, Turrialba,
Orosi, Irazu. *

  Panama: Chiriqui.

  The other smaller ones are distributed
among Guatemala, Salvador, Nicaragua, and
Costa Rica. Honduras is free from vol-
canos, and the volcanos of Panama have
been extinct for untold centuries.

  Rivers—The principal rivers are as
follows:

  Emptying into the Atlantic.

  Guatemala: Motagua, Polochic, Sars-
tun, Umacinla.

  Honduras: Chamelecon, Ulua, Lean,
Aguan, Tiato, Patuca.

  Nicaragua: Wanks, Grande, Bluefields,
Mico, Prinzapolka, San Juan.

  Costa Rica: San Carlos, Sarapiqui.

  Emptying into the Pacific.

  Nicaragua: Rio Grande de Tola.

  Panama: Tuyra.

  Between Guatemala and Salvador:
Paz.

 Between Salvador and Honduras:
Goascoran.

  Salvador: Lempa, Grande.

  Honduras: Choluteca.

  Lakes—The Gran Lago of Nicaragua is
ninety-five miles long by thirty-five miles
wide. Lake Managua is thirty miles long
by fifteen wide. Their altitude above sea-
level is variously stated at from one hundred
twenty-eight to one hundred thirty-five.
Both are navigable, but the shallow creek
that connects them can be negotiated only
by light-draft vessels and with some
difficulty by them.

  The San Juan River, the most important
river of Central America, connects Lake
Nicaragua with the Atlantic. A regular
freight and passenger service is in operation
from the Atlantic to the city of Granada on
the lake. This city is connected with the
Pacific by railroad which passes through the
capital, Managua, and terminates at the
port of Corinto.

  Other principal lakes of Central America
are as follows:

  Guatemala: Izabal, Peten, Atitlan,
Amatitlan.

  Salvador: Ilopango.

  Honduras: Yojoa.

  Costa Rica: Sierpe, San Carlos, Manati.

 Panama : Gatun.	*

 Between Salvador and Guatemala:
Guija.	f

  Springs—There is a multitude of medic-
inal and thermal springs in various parts 6f
the several countries which, with a couple of
exceptions, are unexploited. They are es-
pecially numerous in the volcanic regions of
Salvador, Guatemala, and Costa Rica.

 However, the far-famed “Spring of
Blood,” or “Fuente de Sangre,” is located
in the Department of Gracias, in Honduras,
a little to the south of the village of La
Virtud. This water very closely resembles
blood in color and formation. It is said
to be eagerly devoured by dogs and
other animals as well as by bats and
vampires.

  Several Americans and Europeans have
tried to carry away samples to be analyzed,
but on being confined the water decom-
poses and bursts the containers. The wa-
ter is possibly formed by a combination of
vegetable and mineral substances, formed
either before or after it seeps into the cavern
from which it issues. The superstitious in-
habitants of La Virtud accept the easier
A Bird’s-Eye View of Central America

183

hypothesis that it is blood, and human
blood at that!

  Seasons—It is rather hard when one first
arrives in Central America to understand
the seasons. The verano, or Summer, begins
in November and ends in May. May to
October the invierno, or Winter, is the
rainy season and the coolest for that
reason.

  It must not be understood by this that it
rains all the time. Rains fall during the
rainy season at frequent intervals. For
several weeks they will fall in daytime, lit-
eral downpours of almost clock-like regu-
larity, and it will clear up at night and the
stars come out. Then it will change and
rain at night for several weeks and be clear
in daytime.

  During this rainy season the roads be-
come quite muddy where they are unpaved,
as they do in any other country. Um-
brellas, rubber coats and ponchos are used
to keep dry when traveling.

  A great deal has been said about the rainy
season in Central America. Say what you
will, it is much to be preferred to the cold,
rain, sleet, ice and snow of this country
during Winter, especially along the north
Atlantic coast.

  The rainy and dry seasons are sharply
divided on the Pacific slope, but on the At-
lantic side it often rains during the dry sea-
son; and in places the actual dry season, as
in Panama Canal Zone, consists of the
months of January to April, inclusive. On
an average the rainfall is about double on
the Atlantic side of what it is on the
Pacific, bearing a proportion of about one
hundred and twenty inches to sixty, taking
both coasts on an average.

  Temperature—Generally speaking, the
temperature drops four degrees for every
one thousand feet of ascent into the high-
lands of all the Central American countries.
A man can actually suffer from cold in the
highlands of any of them.

  The best climate for an American or
white European is to be found at an altitude
of from three thousand to four thousand
five hundred feet. Above that it becomes
steadily colder.

  Upon the beach of the Atlantic coast a
heavy sea breeze blows constantly, but in
the lowlands, back in the jungle where this
breeze can not come, it is very humid and
warm; not so warm according to the ther-
mometer but warm to be felt and suffered

with. However, at night it drops until a
man will reach for his blanket.

  The hottest time of the day has probably
been eighty-nine degrees and the coolest
part of the night fifty-five degrees, accord-
ing to a thermometer. The rainfall on a
low strip along the Atlantic coast all the
way from Mexico to Colombia is the worst
thing to contend with on this side. But it
makes ideal banana weather. One can not
have everything!

  The climate of the highlands is not unlike
northern California’s, but there is more vege-
tation to be seen. The temperature rarely
climbs beyond eighty-four Fahrenheit and
seldom drops below fifty Fahrenheit unless
one is on top of some high mountain, when
colder weather will be experienced.

  At places strawberries may be had every
day in the year.

  Health—There is quite a lot of malaria
to be found along the Atlantic coast and to a
less degree along the lowlands of the Pacific
coast, similar to that prevailing in the low
bottoms of the Mississippi River, the
swamps of Louisiana, eastern Texas, and
other States of this country. Other dis-
eases occur in about the same proportion as
they do in this country, and the average
native fives under less sanitary conditions.

  The malarial germ is carried by a certain
species of mosquito, the anopheles, a mos-
quito which has a couple of white spots on
each wing, white bands on its legs and
stands on its head when it bites. Only the
female attacks man, the bill of the male
being too flimsy to puncture, the skin.

  As soon as the female is hatched she im-
mediately smells out the nearest human
being or animal and starts to feed upon it.
She must have blood before she can lay her
eggs.

  The aedes calopus, formerly called stego-
myiafascmta, is a species of mosquito marked
upon the back with what appears to be the
diagram of a jew’s-harp, and with certain
stripes upon its legs. They can carry yellow
fever only when it exists in a district. They
bite the patient and at the end of nine days
they have developed the fever. Then they
inject it into healthy persons whom they
bite. There is very little if any yellow
fever this side of Guayaquil, Ecuador, at
present.

  The culex, a black mosquito, was formerly
supposed to be harmless except for the usual
irritating effects of insect bites, but now it is
184

Adventure

accused of carrying the germ of elephan-
tiasis, if not of other diseases.

  There are many varieties of these three
general classes to be found in the lowlands.
They have been man’s enemy in the tropics
from time immemorial and many millions of
deaths may be laid at their doors.

  It is a comparatively easy matter to be
rid of them and with small expense. What
has been done in Panama can be done along
the coasts of Central America. A book
written by Le Prince and Orenstein and
published by G. P. Putnam’s Sons, 1916,
called “Mosquito Control in Panama” tells
how it was done on the Zone by the sanitary
squad of the United States government.

  Away from the coasts and up above an al-
titude of one thousand feet the mosquitoes
becomes rarer and rarer. In places cover-
ing many thousand square miles they are
absolutely unknown.

  Other Insect Pests—The principal
other pests to be found in certain districts
are sand-fleas, chiggers, ticks, lice, bedbugs
and gnats, all of which may be found in cer-
tain districts in the United States. The
usual manner of combating sand-fleas is re-
sorted to. The chigger will not bury under
the nails of one’s feet if ordinary precaution
is taken to keep them clean. Ticks when
found upon the body are removed by press-
ing a ball of wax on them; the others are
combated in the usual manner.

  The itching caused by many tick-bites is
very aanoying. There are places covered
by underbrush where many may be brushed
off in passing and find their way to the skin.
When this land is cleared of underbrush
these ticks disappear. Ammonia will allay
the itching.

   An occasional alacran, or scorpion, is to be
found. Its bite is very painful, but not
fatal. Now and then a centipede or taran-
tula is encountered. These are so rare as
to be almost negligible.

  House-flies, numerous other flies and
bugs, insects and beetles, most of which we
have a knowledge of in this country, exist in
Central America.

  Ordinary Precautions—Drinking-wa-
ter is pure in the highlands. It should be
boiled when used from swamps and low
ground. In mosquito country a net should
be used to sleep under at night. In the ab-

sence of having a net take two grains of
quinin per day. Quinin is both a sure pre-
ventive and cure for malaria.

  Wines, liquors, and beers should be used
in moderation, if used at all. The low prices
at which alcoholic drinks are sold has been
the ruin of many a man who could not have
afforded them at higher prices. Moderation
in all other things is a good plan.

  It is an old adage that a white man should
avoid work in the tropics. During con-
struction of the Panama Canal white men
worked harder than they were accustomed
to in the United States and had better
health thereby.

  How to Dress—All down through Cen-
tral America a medium weight of American
clothing is worn by Americans who are
there. The ordinary Summer weights used
here are quite right for the Summer season.

  For Winter no overcoat is required as a
general rule unless one is in a very high alti-
tude when a light overcoat is very comfort-
able. For work there is nothing better
than khaki trousers and jacket of the Nor-
folk pattern, and in the mountains a light-
weight suit of corduroy is ideal.

  Some Americans who have been for a
long time in the country wear duck and
linen clothing similar to that worn by the
better-class natives for dress upon the streets
and for social gatherings. Full dress of the
pattern worn here and in Europe are the
prevailing clothes for state occasions.

  Hats vary all the way from sailor straws
and ^Panamas to high silk ones. Many
Americans of the younger generation wear a
broad-brimmed Stetson similar to those
worn by the Zone police on the Panama
Canal Zone. These hats are very cool; in
fact they are more of a protection than a
straw or lighter hat.

  Americans wear their own styles of shoes
and a great many of the better-class natives
do also; but some of them wear the peculiar
style of footgear used in France. The la-
dies, both American and foreign, try to fol-
low the latest Parisian fashions.

  The lower-class men wear cotton shirt,
white trousers, straw hats and sandals,
while their women wear calico waists, cotton
skirts, sandals, and, as a rule, no hat, but a
sort of shawl in the early morning and cool
of the evening.
VARIOUS PRACTICAL
SERVICES FREE TO
ANY READER

THESE services of Adventure are free to any one. They involve much time, work and expense on our
part, but we offer them gladly and ask in return only that you read and observe the simple rules, thus
saving needless delay and trouble for you and us. The whole spirit of this magazine is one of friend-
liness. No formality between editors and readers. Whenever we can help you we’re ready and willing to try.

Identification Cards

  Free to any reader. Just send us (i) your name and ad-
dress (2) name and address of party to be notified, (3) a
stamped and self-addressed return envelope.

Each card bears thi9 inscription, each printed in English,

French, Spanish, German, Portuguese, Dutch, Italian,

Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Japanese:

  “In case of death or serious emergency to bearer, address
serial number of this card, care of Adventure, New York,
stating full particulars, and friends will be notified.”

   In our office, under each serial number, will be registered
the name of bearer and of one or two friends, with per-
manent address of each. No name appears on the card.

Letters will be forwarded to friend, unopened by us. Names
and addresses treated as confidential. We assume no other
obligations. Cards not for business identification. Cards
furnished free -provided stamped and addressed envelope ac-
companies application. We reserve the right to use our
own discretion in all matters pertaining to these cards.

Metal Cards—For twenty-five cents we will send you,

Post-Paid, the same card in aluminum composition, perfo-
rated at each end. Enclose a self-addressed return enve-
lope, but no postage. Twenty-five cents covers every-
thing. Give same data as for pasteboard cards. Holders
of pasteboard cards can be registered under both paste-
board and metal cards if desired, but old numbers can not
be duplicated on metal cards. If you no longer wish your
old card, destroy it carefully and notify us, to avoid con-
fusion and possible false alarms to your friends registered
under that card.

  A moment’s thought will show the value of this system
of card-identification for any one, whether in civilization or
out of it. Remember to furnish stamped and addressed
envelope and to give in full the names and addresses of self
and friend or friends when applying•

  If check or money order is sent, please make it out to
the Ridgway Company, not to any individual.

Missing Friends or Relatives

  Our free service department “Lost Trails” in the pages
following, though frequently used in cases where detective
agencies, newspapers, and all other methods have failed, or
for finding people long since dead, has located a very high
percentage of those inquired for. Except in case of rela-
tives, inquiries from one sex to the other are barred.

Back Issues of Adventure

  The Boston Magazine Exchange, 109 Mounlforl
St., Boston, Mass., can supply Adventure back
through 1918, and occasional copies before that.

WILL BUY: Back issues of Adventure from the beginning
of 1918. State price before sending.—Address Ruth
Brown, Room 222, 30 Huntington Ave., Boston, Mass.

WILL SELL: Oct. 1913 to Mid-Dec. 1918; twenty cents
each, not including postage. 1st Feb. 1918 to date; fifteen
cents each, not including postage.— Address Donald
Smith, 4219 Appleton Ave., Oakley, Cincinnati, Ohio.

Expeditions and Employment

   While we should like to be of aid in these matters, expe-
rience has shown that it is not practicable.

Manuscripts

    Glad to look at any manuscript. We have no “regular
 staff” of writers. A welcome for new writers. It is not
 necessary to write asking to submit your work.

    When submitting a manuscript, if you write a letter con-
  cerning it, enclose it with the manuscript; do not send it
  under separate cover. Enclose stamped and addressed
  envelope for return. All manuscripts should be type-
  written double-spaced, with wide margins, not rolled, name
  and address on first page. We assume no risk for manu-
  scripts or illustrations submitted, but use all due care while
  they are in our hands. Payment on acceptance.

    We want only clean stories. Sex, morbid, "problem/*
 psychological and supernatural stories barred. Use almost
 no fact-articles. Can not furnish or suggest collaborators.
 Use fiction of almost any length; under 3000 welcomed.

   Mail Address and Forwarding Service

    This office, assuming no responsibility, will be glad to act
  as a forwarding address for its readers or to hold mail till
  called for, provided necessary postage is supplied. Un-
  claimed mail which we have held for a long period is listed
  on the last page of this issue.

Camp-Fire Buttons

    To be worn on lapel of coat by members of Camp-Fire—
 any one belongs who wishes to. Enameled In dark colors
 representing earth, sea and sky, and bears the numeral 71—
 the sum of the letters of the word Camp-Fire valued accord-
 ing to position in the alphabet. Very small and incon-
 spicuous. Designed to indicate the common interest which
 is the only requisite for membership in Camp-Fire and to
 enable members to recognize each other when they meet in
 far places or at home. Twenty-five cents, post-paid, any-
 where.

    When sending for the button enclose a strong, self-
 addressed. unstamped envelope.

    If check or money order is sent, please make it out to
  the Ridgway Company, not to any individual.

General Questions from Readers

    In addition to our free service department “Ask Adven-
  ture” on the pages following. Adventure can sometimes
  answer other questions within our general field. When it
  can, it will. Expeditions and employment excepted.

Addresses

   Order of the Restless—Organizing to unite for fel-
 lowship all who feel the wanderlust. First suggested in this
 magazine, though having no connection with it aside from
 our friendly interest. Address Wayne Eberly, 519
 Citizens Bldg., Cleveland. Ohio.

   Camp-Fire—Any one belongs who wishes to.

    Rifle Clubs—Address Nat. Rifle Ass’n of America, 1108
 Woodward Bldg., Washington, D. C.	^

    (See also under “Standing Information" in “Ask Adven-
 ture.”)

   Remember: Magazines are made up ahead of time.
 Allow for two or three months between sending and publi-
 cation.
  Aq|»	A Free Question and Answer Service Bureau of Infor-
/rty J mationjon Outdoor Life and Activities Everywhere and
Upon the Various Commodities Required Therein. Con-
/V	ducted for Adventure Magazine by Our Staff of Experts.

Q

QUESTIONS should be sent, not to this office, but direct to the
expert in charge of the department in whose field it falls. So
that service may be as prompt as possible, he will answer you
by mail direct. But he will also send to us a copy of each question and
answer, and from these we shall select those of most general interest
and publish them each issue in this department, thus making it itself
an exceedingly valuable standing source of practical information.
Unless otherwise requested inquirer’s name and town are printed with
question; street numbers not given.

    When you ask for general information on a given district or subject
the expert will probably give you some valuable general pointers and
refer you to books or to local or special sources of information.

    Our experts will in all cases answer to the best of their ability, using
their own discretion in all matters pertaining to their departments
subject only to our general rules for “Ask Adventure,” but neither they nor the magazine assumes any
responsibility beyond the moral one of trying to do the best that is possible. These experts have been
chosen by us not only for their knowledge and experience but for their integrity and reliability. We have
emphatically assured each of them that his advice or information is not to be affected in any way by
whether a given commodity is or is not advertised in this magazine.

1.	Service free to anybody, provided stamped and addressed envelope is enclosed. Corre-
   spondents writing to or from foreign countries will please enclose International
   Reply Coupons, purchasable at any post-office, and exchangeable for stamps of
   any country in the International Postal Union.

2.	Send each question direct to the expert in charge of the particular department whose
   field covers it. He will reply by mail. Do NOT send questions to this magazine.

3.	No reply will be made to requests for partners, for financial backing, or for chances to
   join expeditions. “Ask Adventure” covers business and work opportunities, but only
   if they are outdoor activities, and only in the way of general data and advice. It is in
   no sense an employment bureau.

4.	Make your questions definite and specific. State exactly your wants, qualifications
   and intentions. Explain your case sufficiently to guide the expert you question.

5.	Send no question until you have read very carefully the exact ground covered by
   the particular expert in whose department it seems to belong.

1.	★ Islands and Coasts

Captain A. E. Dingle, Hamilton, Bermuda. Islands
of Indian and Atlantic oceans; the Mediterranean; Cape
Horn and Magellan Straits. Ports, ,trade, peoples,
travel. (Postage 5 cents.)

2.	The Sea Part 1

Beriah Brown. Seattle Press Club, 1309 Fifth Ave., N.

E., Seattle, Wash. Covering ships, seamen and shipping;
nautical history, seamanship, navigation, yachting; com-
mercial fisheries of North America; marine bibliography
of U. S.: seafaring on fishing-vessels of the North Atlantic
and Pacific banks, small-boat sailing, and old-time shipping
and seafaring.

3.	★ The Sea Part 2

Captain A. E. Dingle, Hamilton, Bermuda. Such
questions as pertain to the sea, ships and men local to the
British Empire should be sent to Captain Dingle, not Mr.
Brown. (Postage 5 cents.)

4.	Eastern U. S. Part 1

Raymond S. Spears, Little Falls, N. Y. Covering Missis-
sippi, Ohio, Tennessee, Michigan and Hudson valleys;
Great Lakes, Adirondacks, Chesapeake Bay; river, lake
and road travel, game, fish and woodcraft; furs, fresh-
water pearls, herbs; and their markets.

5.	Eastern U. S. Part 2

Hapsburg Liebe, Orlando, Florida. Covering Tennessee,
Alabama, Mississippi, and N. and S. Carolina, Florida
and Georgia except Tennessee River and Atlantic seaboard.
Hunting, fishing, camping; logging, lumbering, sawmilling,
saws.

6.	Eastern U. S. Part 3

Dr. G. E. Hathorne, 4a Central Street, Bangor, Maine.
Covering Maine; fishing, minting, canoeing, guides, outfits,
supplies.

7.	Middle Western U. S. Part 1

Joseph Mills Hanson (lately Capt. A. E. F.), care Adven-
ture. Covering the Dakotas, Nebraska, Iowa, Kansas.
Hunting, fishing, travel. Early history of Missouri Valley.

8.	Middle Western U. S. Part 2

John B. Thompson, 906 Pontiac Bldg., Chicago, 111.
Covering Missouri, Arkansas and the Missouri Valley up to
Sioux City, Iowa. Wilder countries of the Ozarks, and
swamps; hunting, fishing, trapping, farming, mining and
range lands; big timber sections.

9.	Middle Western U. S. Part 3

Larry St. John, Melbourne Beach, Fla. Covering
Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, and
Lake Michigan. Fishing, hunting, trapping, lumbering,
canoeing, camping, guides, outfits, motoring, agriculture,
minerals, natural history, clamming, early history, legends.

10.	Western U. S. Part 1

E.	E. Harriman, 2303 W. 23d St., Los Angeles, Calif. Cover-
ing California, Oregon, Washington, Utah, Nevada, Arizona.
Game, fur, fish; camp, cabin; mines, minerals; mountains.

11.	Western U. S. Part 2 and
    Mexico Part 1 Northern

J. W. Whiteaker, 20 Ashland Blvd., Chicago, 111. Cover-
ing Texas, Oklahoma, and the border States of old Mexico;
Sonora, Chihuahua, Coahuila. Nuevo Leon and Tamaulipas.
Minerals, lumbering, agriculture, travel, customs, topog-
raphy, climate, natives, hunting, history, indutsries.

12.	Mexico Part 2 Southern; and
   Lower California

C.	R. M ahaffey, 381 Broadway Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Covering Lower California and that part of Mexico lying
south of a line drawn from Tampico to Mazatlan. Mining,
agriculture, topography, travel, hunting, lumbering, history,
natives, commerce, business and general conditions.

                  ★	{Enclose addressed envelope with 5 cents in stamps NOT attached)
tReturn Postage not required from U. S. or Canadian soldiers, sailors or marines in service outside the U. S.,

its Possessions, or Canada.

186
Ask Adventure

187

13.	★ North American Snow Countries Part 1

S. E. Sangster (“Canuck”), L. B. 393, Ottawa, Canada.
Covering Height of Land and northern parts of Quebec
and Ontario (except strip between Minn, and C. P. R’y)’,
southeastern parts of Ungava and Keewatin. Trips for
sport, canoe routes, big game, fish,fur; equipment; Summer,
Autumn and Winter outfits; Indian life and habits;
Hudson's Bay Co. posts; minerals, timber; customs
regulations. No questions answered on trapping for
profit.

14.	North American Snow Countries Part 2
Harry M. Moore, Deseronto, Ont., Canada. Covering
southeastern Ontario and the Ottawa Valley. Fishing,
hunting, canoeing, mining, lumbering, agriculture, topog-
raphy, travel, camping, aviation.

15.	★ North American Snow Countries Part 3

George L. Catton, Tweed, Ont., Canada. Covering
Southern Ontario and Georgian Bay. Fishing, hunting,
trapping, canoeing.

16.	North American Snow Countries Part 4

Ed. L. Carson, Burlington, Wash. Covering Yukon, Brit-
ish Columbia and Alberta including Peace lUver district;
to Great Slave Lake. Outfits and equipment, guides, big
game, minerals, forest, prairie; travel; customs regu-
lations.

17.	North American Snow Countries Part 5
Theodore S. Solomons, 2837 Fulton St., Berkeley, Calif.
Covering Alaska. Arctic life and travel; boats, packing,
back-packing, traction, transport, routes; equipment,
clothing, food; physics, hygiene; mountain work.

18.	North American Snow Countries Part 6

Reece H. Hague, The Pas, Manitoba, Canada. Cover-
ing Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Mackenzie and Northern
Keewatin. Homesteading, mining, hunting, trapping,
lumbering and travel.

19.	North American Snow Countries Part 7

Jas. F. B. Belford, Richmond, Quebec. Covering New
Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland and southeastern
Quebec. Hunting, fishing, lumbering, camping, trapping,
auto and canoe trips, history, topography, farming, home-
steading, mining, paper and wood-pulp industries, land
grants, water-power.

20.	Hawaiian Islands and China

F.	J. Halton, 632 S. Michigan Ave., Chicago, 111. Cover-
ing customs, travel, natural history, resources, agriculture,
fishing, hunting.

21.	Central America

Edgar Young, care Adventure magazine. Spring and Mac-
dougal Sts., New York, N. Y. Covering Canal Zone,
Paiama, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Honduras, British Hon-
duras, Salvador, Guatemala. Travel, customs, language,
game, local conditions, minerals, trading.

22.	South America Part 1

Edgar Young, care Adventure magazine. Spring and Mac-
dougal Sts., New York, N. Y. Covering Colombia, Ecuador,
Peru, Bolivia and Chile; geography, inhabitants, his-
tory, industries, topography, minerals, game, languages,
customs.

23.	South America Part 2

P. H. Goldsmith, Inter-American Magazine, 407 West
117th St., New York, N. Y. Covering Venezuela, the
Guianas, Brazil, Uruguay, Paraguay and Argentine Re-
public. Travel, history, customs, industries, topography,
natives, languages, hunting and fishing.

24.	Asia, Southern	, „	__ ,

Gordon McCreagh, 21 East 14th St., New York City.
Covering Red Sea, Persian Gulf, India, Tibet, Burma,
western China, Siam, Andamans, Malay States, Borneo,
the Treaty Ports; hunting, trading, traveling.

25.	Philippine Islands	.

Buck Connor, Box 807A, University of New Mexico, Al-
buquerque, N. M. Covering history, natives, topography,
customs, travel, hunting, fishing, minerals, agriculture, ex-
ports and imports, manufacturing.

26.	Japan	_	., . _

Grace P. T. Knudson, Castine, Maine. Covering Japan;
commerce, politics, people, customs, history, geography,
travel, agriculture, art, curios.

27.	Russia and Eastern Siberia	_ _ _ _ .
Major A. M. Lochwitzky (formerly Lieut.-Col. I. R. A.;
Ret.), Austin, Texas. Covering Petrograd and its province:
Finland, northern Caucasus; Primorsk District, Island of
Sakhalien; travel, hunting, fishing, explorations among
native tribes; markets, trade, curios.

it (Enclose addressed envelope with 5 cents—in Mr

28.	Africa Part 1

Thomas S. Miller, Carmel, Monterey Co., Calif. Covering
the Gold, Ivory and Fever Coasts of West Africa, the Niger
River from the delta to Jebba, Northern Nigeria. Canoe-
ing, labor, trails, trade, expenses, outfitting, flora; tribal
histories, witchcraft, savagery.

29.	Africa Part 2

George E. Holt, Frederick, Md. Covering Morocco;
travel, tribes, customs, history, topography, trade.

30.	★ Africa Part 3. Portuguese East Africa

R. W. Waring, Corunna, Ontario, Canada. Covering
trade, produce, climate, opportunities, game, wild life,
travel, expenses, outfits, health, etc.

31.	★ Africa Part 4. Transvaal, N. W. and Southern
  Rhodesia, British East Africa, Uganda and the Up-
  per Congo

Charles Beadle, Care Society of Authors and Composers,
Central Building, Tothill St., Westminster, London, En-
gland. Covering geography, hunting, equipment, trading,
climate, mining, transport, customs, living conditions,
witchcraft, opportunities for adventure and sport. (Post■
age 5 cents.)

32.	★ New Zealand and the South Sea Islands

Tom L. Mills, The Feilding Star, Feilding, New Zealand.
Covering New Zealand, Cook Islands and Samoa. Travel,
history, customs; opportunities for adventurers, explorer*
and sportsmen. (Postage 8 ctnts.)

33.	★ Australia and Tasmania

Albert Goldie, Hotel Sydney, Sydney, Australia. Cover-
ing customs, resources, travel, hunting, sports, politic*,
history. (Postage 5 cents.)

 FIREARMS, PAST AND PRESENT

   Rifles, shotguns, pistols, revolvers and ammunition.
(Any questions on the arms adapted to a particular locality
should not be sent to this department but to the "Ask Ad-
venture” editor covering the district in question.)

  A.—All	Shotguns (including foreign and American
makes). J. B. Thompson, 906 Pontiac Bldg., Chicago, IU.

  B.—All	Rifles, Pistols and Revolvers (including
foreign and American makes). D. Wiggins, Salem, Ore.

FISHING IN NORTH AMERICA

Salt and Fresh Water Fishing

J. B. Thompson, 906 Pontiac Bldg, Chicago., III. Covering
fishing-tackle and equipment; fly and bait casting; live bait;
camping outfits; fishing trips.

STANDING INFORMATION

   For general information on U. S. and its possessions, write
Sup’t of Public Documents, Wash., D. C.. for catalog of all
government publications.

   For the Philippines and Porto Rico, the Bureau of Insu-
lar Affairs, War Dep’t, Wash., D. C.

  For Alaska, the Alaska Bureau. Chamber of Commerce,
Central Bldg., Seattle, Wash.

  For Hawaii, Hawaii Promotion Committee, Chamber of
Commerce, Honolulu, T. H. Also, Dep’t of the Interior,
Wash., D. C.

   For Cuba, Bureau of Information, Dep’t of Agri., Com.;
and Labor, Havana, Cuba.

   The Pan-American Union may be called upon for general
information relating to Latin-American matters or f®r
specific data. Address John Barrett, Dir. Gen., Wash., D. C.

  For R. N. W. M. P., Commissioner Royal Canadian
Mounted Police, Ottawa, Can. Only unmarried British
subjects, age 18 to 40, above 5 ft. 8 in. and under 175 lbs.,
accepted.

  For Canal Zone, the Panama Canal Commission, Wash.;
D. C.

   For U. S., its possessions and most foreign countries, the
Dep’t of Com., Wash., D. C.

Mills’ case 8 cents— in stamps NOT attached)
i88

Adventure

Tiger-Hunting

A LL you need to bag one of the big cats is
nerve and the right gun and nerve and a
good eye and nerve. Oh, yes; and a tiger:

  Question:—“Will you kindly give me some in-
formation on tiger-hunting? Where is a good place
to go, and what type of gun is best? Is it very
expensive?

  I have heard that there are black and white
varieties of the tiger; if there are kindly tell me
where they are found and their size compared with
the ordinary tiger.”—Ralph Robinson, Indianapo-
lis, Ind.

  Answer, by Mr. McCreagh:—When you ask what
kind of gun is best for tiger-hunting I am afraid to
answer you. I have heard hunters of all sorts and
ages and colors argue and fight with each other over
just this question. All I dare do is is give you some
general dope, and let you pick your gun accordingly.

  The tiger, being a soft-skinned animal, doesn’t
require the tremendous penetrating quality in a bul-
let that some of the big ungulates do. Further, be-
ing of a frightfully diabolic vitality, they need some-
thing that will knock them endways right when they
are hit and not ten minutes after. All this would
point to the choice of a big heavy bullet with a soft
nose which will mushroom without fear of passing
right through.

  One of the best tiger-hunters I ever knew, the
late Rajah Nipendra Nath Bhup of Koocjoehar,
carried a twelve-gage shot-and-ball gun, a Paradox;
and he shot anything from pheasant to rhinoceros
with it.

  On the other hand I have seen a well-known tiger-
hunter sit up and swear by a .303 with a soft-nose
bullet.

  Personally my experience has been with a Ross
.280 carrying a copper tube expanding bullet of 145
grains. I am sorry to say that, while I have spent
many weary hours trying to bag a tiger, it has never
been my luck to get one; but I have tried out this
armament on other soft-skinned game, such as
leopard, and can guarantee that if you hit your
beast it curls right up.

  One point I would lay particular emphasis upon;
and that is the necessity for a wide-open sight; for
you will never need to take a long accurate shot at a
tiger; you are more likely to get your chance at very
short range and shooting at snap speed. There will
never be time for fine sighting, or need—in the native
jungles of the beast—for distant sighting.

  As to location: the absolutely best place I know is
Upper Burma. India is pretty well worked out. I
don’t mean for a moment that there aren’t any
more tigers; there are heaps of them. But India
has acquired the name for a tiger-hunting country
and the competition there is with the rich sport, the
guest of some high official. In Burma the ordinary
poor man can go out with his rifle—and his nerve;
don’t by any means forget his nerve—and shoot
tiger for no more cost than the price of getting
there. I’ve known a man to step out on to his
veranda one fine morning and then suddenly rush
back into the house for his gun; and right from his
front porch pick off a tiger two hundred yards away
on the hillside. Just my luck again that he got up
first.

I’ve seen myself and three other men come round

the bend of a mountain road in a tonga (sort of fool-
proof coach) and wake up a tiger sleeping in the dust
in the sunlight. Of course, all our guns were tucked
under our feet so the darn conveyance wouldn’t
jolt them over the cliffs; and the tiger just woofed
and leaped away before anybody could get a shot.

  All in Upper Burma.

  I have never heard anything about black and
white tigers, though I can quite willingly believe in
a freak specimen or two turning up every now and
then.

  I’m nearly forgetting about cost. A rifle such as
the Ross costs about $60. Though, mind, I am not
especially recommending this. Were I going out
again, I would consider very carefully one or two
others, for instance the Savage and the Westley-
Richards.

  For about four hundred dollars you can step off
the train right in the middle of tiger country in the
Chindwin or the Katha section of Upper Burma.

  If you go, I wish you luck; and—-don’t let the
natives singe the whiskers or steal the claws of all
your trophies.

Quechua, Aymara and Guarani

IOOKS as if there’s a chance here for
-* some lingo-hound to make a big name
for himself in a branch of philology that
doesn’t seem to have been worked much yet:

  Question:—“I am interested in the South Ameri-
can languages but as yet have had no way in which
to study them.

  Can you tell me where I can get books necessary
to study the lesser spoken languages of South
America; or have they been put in printed form?

  Please give me some words in the different lan-
guages in your field, so that I can contrast them. I
understand Spanish already; the uncommon lan-
guages are the ones in which I’m interested.”—
Emmett W. Baker, Paducah, Ky.

  Answer, by Mr. Goldsmith:—As you are doubt-
less aware, there are many Indian languages in
South America. The three that have been most
studied and written about are, I think, Quechua,
Aymara and Guarani. Efforts have been made to
study the grammar and construction of these
languages, and some books have been published
upon them in Lima, Quito, Buenos Aires and Asun-
ci6n.

  I know of nothing in the way of grammar that
you can secure in this country. Doctor Julio Tellio,
Lima, Perti, might secure for you some of the works
that have been published in Lima on Quechua and
Aymara. You would have to write to him and see
if he would undertake to make the purchase for you,
and then send him the money.

  The books on Guarani could be secured in Asun-
ci6n. If you are interested in them, you might
write to his Excellency Sr. Manuel Gondra, Presi-
dent of Paraguay, Gaboto, 401, Asund6n (all letters
to South America should bear a five-cent stamp).
Sr. Gondra is one of the greatest living authorities
on the Guarani language.

  I have before me a Spanish-Aymara dictionary and
a Spanish-Quechua dictionary. Unfortunately these
dictionaries were made up wrongly. Instead of
putting the Qutchua and Aymara words first and
Ask Adventure

then defining them in Spanish terms, the Spanish
words have been put first and they have been de-
fined in Quechua and Aymara terms. This is of
course wholly improper and renders the work of the
student very difficult.

  I place below a few words:

    English         Quechua       Aymara 
man         ccari, runa     chacha       
woman       huarmi          uarmi        
boy         huarma          yoccalla     
girl        huarma          uauanaca     
tree        sachha          ali          
dog         allcco          orcco anu    
see         ricuy           unjana       
eat         micjuy             mankacana 
speak       rimay           parlafia     
run         phahuay         jaltana      
die         huanuy          jiuana       
good        allin           suma         
bad (man)   mana allin runa supai jaqque 
bad (thing) mana allin      nancca       
white       yurak           jankco       
black       yana            cchiara      
over        hahua           pata         
under       uray            aynachata    
in          . . pi (suffix) cuna         
out         hahua           ancca        
  To give you an idea of Guarani, here is the Lord’s
Prayer in that language:

Ore Rfi reimeva yvape.

Tonembuete Nde rera.

Tonemoing6 pe teco marangatu renombotuvicha
    guasu jagu&me.

Toyeyap6 jec6pe co Ne rembipota, upe yvapeguai-
    cha, upeicha avei co yby ar.

Co ore rembiura ameena oreve angue vof tapia-
    guaichante.

Ja ejeyi ref oreve ore romonemyrd jague Ndeve, upe
     ore rojeya ref jaicha ore avei umi ore monemyr6
     vaecue orevepe.

Ja ani remoingue rei ore pya raa jaguame, ore
    mbofnte pe mbae ivafva.

Shanghai

HERE are some interesting facts about
China’s most American city—and
especially about its curious currency system:

  Question:—“Can you tell me something of the
climate, living conditions, sports and currency of
Shanghai, with any other information that you
may think of value?”—Harry S. Potter, Cum-
berland, Md.

  Answer, by Mr. Halton:—Shanghai climate
varies from a minimum in Winter of 10 deg. F. to
103 deg. maximum in Summer with an average of
59 deg. This record covers a period of ten years.
The average rainfall per year is 45.70 inches.

  With the gold dollar at depreciated value in
Chinese currency, the cost of living for household
necessities is slightly higher than it would be here,
but taking into account the fact that labor is
cheaper it is safe to estimate the living costs at
Shanghai at the present time at about equal to
those of this countiy.

  Good hunting and fishing can be had within easy
reach of Shanghai. You will find that the various
nationalities engage in the popular sports of their
own countries. Americans, of course, play base-
ball, while the Britishers indulge in cricket.

  The currency question is quite a complicated
affair at the present time. The actual currency in
circulation at Shanghai is the Mexican silver dollar.
The Shanghai tael, however, is the unit ot currency
in transactions for both native and foreign mer-
chants, especially in the districts bordering Shang-
hai, because it is generally known among foreign
business men in China.

  The value of taels in the different provinces
varies considerably. In some cases even individual
towns have a currency of different value. A tael
is a unit of weight—not a coin. Prior to the war
the Shanghai tael was worth $1.0832. In the same
ratio, the Mexican dollar was worth $0.7857. As
this is written, the Mexican dollar exchanges for
$1.10 U. S. gold, whereas four years ago it was only
■worth 43 cents.

  Shanghai itself is governed by an international
council comprising nine members of various national-
ities, elected annually by the rate-payers. Those
members are chosen from among the most promi-
nent business men of Shanghai and give their ser-
vices free.

  There are four American banko having branches
in Shanghai. We have an American Chamber of
Commerce at Shanghai. The American residents
number 1720; Europeans, 11,876. The total popu-
lation of Shanghai is 1,200,000.

  In all respects Shanghai is a modern, up-to-date
city with postal, telegraph, street-car, water, light
and other facilities.

  Put at least five cents postage on all let-
ters addressed to Ask Adventure editors
who live outside the U. S. Always enclose
at least five cents in International Reply
Coupons for answer.

Finding a Ship’s Position

NOTHING much that's new here, per-
haps, for us coast-dwellers; but there
may be something of interest in it for the
fellow whose idea of a hurricane deck is the
back of a bronc:

  Question:—“I have read Adventure for some time
and like the sea-stories very much but in some of
them some parts are hard for me to understand.
So I am going to trouble you for some information.

  I would like to get information as to finding your
position at sea—taking observations, etc.

  I would also like to get some information about
sailing vessels; that is, the way of sailing them. I
never could understand how a ship could sail into
the wind when it is relying on the wind for propul-
sion.”—Perry Morrison, Oil City, Pa.

  Answer, by Mr. Brown:—A ship’s position at sea
is found by observation for latitude and longitude
roughly as follows: Through a sextant the height of
the sun above the horizon is found at noon, the
point when the sun is highest. To the height as
190

Adventure

shown by the instrument, certain corrections are
made, through which the true altitude is found.
To this another correction, that for declination (the
sun’s distance north or south of the equator) is
applied. Subtracting this final result from 90
degrees gives the latitude at the time of the observa-
tion.

  From another sextant observation of the sun’s
altitude, taken earlier or later in the day, when it is
nearer the horizon, the exact local time is found, by
medium of a simple equation. The ship’s chro-
nometer gives the Greenwich time. The difference
between the local time as found by the observation
and Greenwich time at the instant of observation,
gives the time interval from which to determine the
longitude. There are numerous other observations
of the sun, moon and certain of the stars, but these
are the simplest and those most generally used by
merchant-marine navigators.

  A ship does not sail into the wind. She simply
sails as close to the wind as she can and keep her
sails full and drawing. This is approximately six
points from the wind by the compass, or 67
degrees. After sailing a certain distance, she
“tacks” and sails for a time a course 073^2 degrees the
other side of the wind. By a series of tacks like this
she gradually works her way in the direction whence
the wind blows. This is called “beating to wind-
ward.” The course is a series of zigzags.

Smokeless for Cap and Ball

BETTER use black powder in weapons
designed to burn black powder—a re-
mark which may not be so obvious as it
would appear at first seeming:

  Question:—“Would like to know some time a
good and safe smokeless powder to use in cap-and-
ball revolver.”—E. B. Darnielle, Gardena. Idaho.

  Answer, by Mr. Wiggins:—I would like to know
what you wish to shoot the smokeless powder in,
in the cap-and-ball line.

  You know that black-powder primers or caps
will not ignite the smokeless powders, as it takes a
very strong fulminate to do that. And as the old
revolvers are made of very soft material, you would
be running a big risk in doing any experimenting
with the modern powders. I would advise you
to stick to the old black powder, using a greased
wad between the powder and the bullet, and you
will not be badly troubled with fouling.

Tips on the Philippines

OHOOTING ’gators with a one-pounder
^ Hotchkiss shouldn’t be such bad sport
at that:

  Question:—“I am taking the liberty of asking you
a few things about the Philippines. I expect
shortly to go as skipper of an ocean-going tug to the
Philippines where the tug will be used to tow barges
of lumber from some place about 350 miles away to
Manila. Will have short lay-offs at each end of run.

  Is there any hunting? If so what would you
recommend for armament? I have used a 30-30
high-power rifle slightly, but down in South Ameri-

can jungle country found natives used’ carbine
mostly, on account of not being able to get any long
shots anyway.

  I will be the only white man aboard the ship—
native mates, engineers and crew. I don’t ordi-
narily pack a gun, but I have been advised that the
Filipinos are treacherous. I have dealt with kana-
kas and Samoans and found them always trust-
worthy; would you think it advisable to carry a
pistol?

  The reason given by my prospective employers
for wanting a man is that the Philippine government
has passed a law that all captains ot steamers run-
ning coastwise there must hold masters’ licenses.
Now that sounds like bull to me, for if the islands are
part of the U. S., the usual rules of the steamboat
inspectors should have been in force right along, and
even if it had been lax, it would be up to the Super-
vising Steamboat Inspector in Washington to decide
when to tighten up on requirements and not any
local government. Can you give me any light on
this?

  I have a few thousand dollars saved up. Can you
suggest any side line that would be profitable,
trading with the natives? I don’t mean gun-
running or dope.”---, Brooklyn, N. Y.

  Answer, by Mr. Connor:—1. Relative to hunting.
There is some hunting—deer of the puny specimens,
some tropical birds, and that about spells the list.

  2.	Your 30-30 rifle would be ample for all the
hunting you would get there—wild boars can be
killed with a six-shooter—they are the most common
game. In Samar Island I have shot the golden-
backed alligators with the Hotchkiss one-pounder
deck-meunt navy gun—sometimes we saw the
effects, but mostly they just slipped down the bank
into the river and were carried away in the muddy
waters of the Catubig River. But I think your
30-30 will be sufficient. You will, however, have to
get permit to carry or have same in your possession
in the Philippines.

  3.	The Filipinos are not so treacherous. They
were at the time of our occupation, but that was due
to the preceding reign of Spanish terror throughout
the islands. We have educated them; and now
they are a thriving race that flaunts the miracle of
new colonization in the face of England, who has
been centuries at the business of subjugating bar-
barous races to civilization.

  4.	It is well to remember, relative to your ques-
tion^ concerning the master and marine law, that
’most everything in the islands is fashioned after our
own laws. Which brings the latter part of your
question to par—they should have been in force
years ago excepting possibly when sillh as lorchas
(a type of two-masted schooner of about 40 tons) is
concerned. Suppose you inquire of the Chief
Inspector, Washington, D. C.—he has the dope
on it.

  5.	As to investments, I am not sure if pina cloth—:
a coconut fabric—would be profitable or not. It is
light and does not require much space as a side line
like hemp or other Philippine products would.

  I would advise that you wait until you arrive at
Manila before you plan on anything save getting
acclimated and acquainted with the country. I do
think, however, that you will like the country, espe-
cially when you compare it with South America. I
would give my thoughts mostly to the southern
portion of the group—Jolo of the Sulu groups,
Lost Trails

191

Mindanao and even farther south to the Sandakan
of the North Borneo British, and Palawan with its
great unknown resources. This is the penal island
and you may have to get a permit to land on it.
Puerto Princesses is the port of entry.

Anticosti and Labrador

CHILL and bleak though it may be in the
cold months, Labrador is sure the good
word for Summer. Seems funny, though,
the first time you’re up there, to be reading
the paper outdoors at nine o’clock p. m. or
after, and then maybe wake up at half-
past three in the morning to find it’s
broad day:

  Question:—“Please send to me the most complete
information you can on the natural resources and
the opportunities for camping and fishing and modes
of travel on Anticosti Island and the north shore of
the St. Lawrence east of the Saguenay River.”—
C. B. Tavenner, Paeonian Springs, Va.

   Answer, by Mr. Belford:—Anticosti is a privately
owned island, the proprietor of which is Meunier, of
chocholate fame, resident in Paris. Modes of com-
munication on the island and along the eastern part

of the north shore are confined to water routes in
Summer and dog-teams in the Winter. Many
Summer resorts are found on the north shore,
reached by steamer from Montreal or Quebec.

  The fishing is of the best, and I should say the
best way to make the trip would be to secure a
guide, with boat and supplies at Tadousac—
reached by steamer—and then cruise the north
shore. It would be difficult to cover the distance in
one season.

  East of Anticosti the Canadian Labrador will well
repay a visit. Salmon and trout swarm in the riv-
ers, sea fish of most kinds are plentiful, the scenery
is wild and bleak, but magnificent, the Summer
climate cool. The people in themselves are worth a
visit. Mode of travel either boat or dog-team ac-
cording to season. If one has the time there is no
finer Summer cruise.

  The north shore will repay the traveler much
better than Anticosti, the Labrador most of all.

  As to natural resources: pulp-wood, fish, furs.
Clarke City is a paper town reached only by water.
On a cruise one can depend on fisk, and game can be
had.

  Hunting and fishing permits are necessary, and
are to be obtained from the Inspector of Fisheries
and Game, Quebec City. A copy of “Hunting and
Fishing” containing full information will be sent you
on application to Mr. E. D. T. Chambers, Govern-
ment Buildings, Quebec City.

LOST TRAILS

   Note—We offer this department of the "Camp-Fire” free of charge to those
of our readers who wish to get in touch again with old friends or acquaintances
from whom the years have separated them. For the benefit of the friend you
seek, give your own name if possible. All inquiries along this line, unless contain-
ing contrary instructions, will be considered as intended for publication in full
with inquirer’s name, in this department, at our discretion. We reserve the
right in case inquirer refuses his name, to substitute any numbers or other
names, to reject any item that seems to us unsuitable, and to use our discretion
in all matters pertaining to this department. Give also your own full address.
We will, however, forward mail through this office, assuming no responsibility
therefor. We have arranged with the Montreal Star to give additional publi-
cation in their “Missing Relative Column,” weekly and daily editions, to any
of our inquiries for persons last heard of in Canada. Except in case of relatives,
inquiries from one »ex to the other are barred.

/"''OHEN, JACOB. Fifty-two years of age, black curly
hair. Tailor by trade. Last heard from was in Mon-
treal, Canada, and is supposed to be in Australia at present.
Any^information will be appreciated by his son.—Address

S.	M. Cohen, care of The Rockledge Mills, 239 Fourth
Ave., N. Y. City.

BAKER, WM. Write your friend. Very anxious to
hear from you.—Address Herschel G. Ax, 2410 N.
Gale St., Indianapolis, Ind.

  Please lotify us at once when you have found
your man. ^

DARKER, CARL M. Left Johnstown, Pa., about 1909.

*	Last heard of from Arlington, Oregon in 1914- Had
been in Alaska. Sister wants to know his whereabouts.—
Address L. P. Hoffman, 5661 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.

I^AMPBELL. Age about thirty-five. Trail-hitter and
^ prospector. Saw you last in San Jose, Costa Rica
after Acostas revolution, and would like to communicate
with you.—Address Wm. E. Hewitt, 210 Porter St., San
Antonio, Texas.

ETARRELL, HOWARD, “DUKE." From Bar Harbor.

*	One time Revenue Agent in Porto Rico. Would like
to hear from you Howard.—Address H. M. Trott, R. F.

D.	No. 21, Winthrop, Me.

pANTERO, MARCELO A. VINCENTE or RE-
^ NULFO E. Brothers. Please write to me.—I Ad-
dress Hector N. Cantero, 1518 W. Haggard St., Phila., Pa.

VY/ILSON, EARL D. Discharged from overseas service
W about July, 1919- Last heard of at Corcoran, Cal.
Please write you sister.— Address Mrs. E. R. Coutts, Box
A, Acton, Cal.

BRAGG, WILLIAM H. Age forty-three, blond1 hair.
Last heard from in Ely, Nevada *four years' ago.
Mother and sister would like to hear from him.— Address
Mrs. Laura Carey, 610 So. 14th St., Boise, Idaho.

  Inquiries will be printed three times, then
taken out. In the first February Issue all un-
found names asked for during the past two
years will be reprinted alphabetically.

VV7EEKES, GEORGE LEWIS or EDDIE LEWIS. Song
W writer, composer and musical director, Imperial con-
cert orchestra of New York City. Last heard of at La
Fayetteville, North Carolina. En route with Gus Mill’s
minstrels, of which Co. he was musical director in 1918.
If he will get in touch with me I will try and repay him
dollar for dollar, cent for cent which I obtained from him on
the night the show left town. I am now in a position to
pay him in full. Please answer so I can set myself right.—
Address Thos. Brandt, 4496 St., West Hoboken, N. J.
192

Adventure

liilAcKENZIE, WILLIAM J. Kindly return home.
   Emma and S. Mackenzie.

fcAEYERS, O. H. Last heard of in Fort Worth, Texas,
on his way to Oklahoma oil-fields in company with
Victor Jay. Would be glad to hear from either one. Any
information will be appreciated.—Address Frank L. Kit-
chener, care of Pack Train 13 Q. M. C. U. S. A. Marfa,
Texas.

JACK. Lost your address. Can’t locate you through Sgt.
P. at J. B. Write me at Bainbridge, Ind. Fontes.

I OONIE. Write me at my home address, giving some
idea where you will be for the next six months.—Ad-
dress G. R. Mac.

'THE following have been inquired for in either
* the First December or Mid-December Issues
of Adventure. They can get the name of the
Inquirer from this magazine:

AUSTIN, L. C.; Behrens, E. A.; Claiborne, Harry E.;
Clementson, Anton; Coombs, Peggie; Davis, Sgt. Wm.;
Dorais, A. R.; Dutch, Mack; Ed Bonny or Red; Everding,
Alfred; Ferris, John and James; Fitch, Leslie H.; Gardner,
James E.; Giseler, Barney; Hall, Charles and Henrietta;
Hammer, or Hamner, Lulu V.; Hurley, James; Johnson,
Louis; Keith, Joyce; LaVelle, Miss Billie or Beatrice; Law-
ton, James; Linn, Cyrus H.; Mack; Miller, Orville, Edward;
Miller, Peter; Mills, Lvnden; Morre, William; Morris,
William Jr.; Newland, John Wesley; Perkins, Chas.; Phillips
Duke and Kaddie; Russell, William Thomas; St. Amond,
Marcel; Schreiber, Carl; Storey, Albert; Turner, William;
Wheeler, Bill; Yauker, Miss Maude.

11AISCELLANEOUS: Any one who served with D. 2.

    F.	A. in Philippines in 1911; McConologue, Corporal
James or any men of Co. C. 5th Field Signal Bn.; Parents
of baby girl—Name may be Haven—Relatives of Mary
McAulay.

MANUSCRIPTS UNCLAIMED

TJASTLAR GAL BREATH: Ruth Gilfillan; Jack P.
** Robinson; Ray Ozmer; Miss Jimmie Banks: O. B.
Franklin; Byron Chisholm: Wm. S. Hilles; A. B. Paradis;

G.	E. Hungerford; E. E. S. Atkins; E. Murphy; A. Gay-
lord; E. J. Moran; F. S. Emerson; H. E. Warner; L. E.
Patten; T. T. Bennett; Sinn Cardie; James Mosse; C. E.
Wilson; R. W. Kimsey.

UNCLAIMED mall Is held by Adventure for the
following persons, who may obtain It by
sending us present address and proof of identity:

BEATON, SGT. MAJOR G. M.; Benson, Edwin Worth;
Bertsch, Elizabeth; Bonner, Major J. S.; Mrs. Brownell;
Carpenter, Capt. Robert S.: "Chink”; Coles, Bobby; Ceok,
Elliot D.; Cook, William N.; Cosby, Arthur F.; Crashley,
Wm. T.; Eager, Paul Roman; Erwin, Phil; Fairfax, Boyd;
Fisher, Edward E.; Fisher, Sgt. R.: Garson, Ed.; Green,
Billy; Green W.; Hale, Robert E.; Harris, Walter J.; Hart,
Jack; Hoffman. J. M.; Hughes, Frank E.; Hunt. Daniel
O’Connell; Jackson, Robert R.; Kohlhammer, Jack;
Kuckaby, William Francis; Kuhn, Edward; Kutcher, Sgt.
Harry; Lafler, Mrs. Harry; Lancaster, C. E.; Larisey, Jack;
Lauder, Harry; Lee, Dr. C.; Lee, Capt. Harry, A. R. C.;
Lee, Dr. William R-; Lewis, Warburton; "Lonely Jock”;
Lovett, Harold S.; McAdams, W. B.; Mac Donald, Tony;
Madsen, Sgt. E. E.; Nelson, Frank Lovell; O’Hara, Jack;
Parker, G. A.; Parker, Dr. M.; Parrott, Pvt. D. C.; Phillips*
Buffington; Phipps, Corbett C.; Pigeon, A. H.; Raphelson,
Sampson; Rich, Wagoner, Bob; Rinkenback, Frank; Rundle,
Merrill G.; Schmidt, G.; Scott, Pvt. James F.; Swan,
George L.; Tripp, Edward N.; Van Tyler, Chester; Von
Gelucke, Byron; Ward, Frank B.; Wheeler, S. H.; Williams,
W. P.; J. C. H.; L. T. 348; S. 177284; 439; WS-XV.

PLEASE send us your present address. Letters for-
warded to you at address given us do not reach you.
Address L. B. Barretto, care of Adventure.

                  )

THE TRAIL AHEAD

MID-JANUARY ISSUE

The following eleven stories come to you in the next issue:

THE CITY OF BAAL A Complete Novelette	Charlea Beadle

Where time stood still.

THE HEART OF THE RANGE A Five-Part Story Part II William Pattereon White

      Racey Damson vs. a combination of professional bad men.

THE LUCK OF “HARDLUCK” KARLUK A Complete Novelette	Norman Springer

      A pearl-diver; Chinamen and sea-monsters.

A GOOD SWORD AND A GOOD HORSE	Gordon MacCreagh

      Two adventurers of olden France.

EVERY MAN’S HAND	Captain Dingle

      A sea-captain and a square deal.

THE PLAINS OF PLAGUE	Samuel Alexander White

      A fur-trapper runs the gantlet.

RULE OF THE SEA	Kenneth Howell

      “Man overboardl” and a real mariner does his duty

WHITE EYE	Garrard HarrU

      That’s John Barleycorn's alias in the tropics.

NO WONDER	W. C. Tattle

     The Pipurock of Peace—smoke ’urn!

CITIZEN YURUMI* An “Off-the-Trail” Story	F. St. Mare

The ant-eater shows the battlers something in the South American jungle. (See first contents page.)

REYES OF ALTAR	E- E- Harriman

      A Mexican bandit makes war on a steer.
 Everything in Biscuit

From Anola Sugar Wafers to Zu Zu Ginger
Snaps; plain biscuit and fancy; sweetened and
unsweetened; not forgetting Uneeda Biscuit; for
all appetites, all ages, all days, all meals, all
occasions—everything in biscuit—such is the
wide range and great versatility of N. B. C. prod-
ucts. Keep a supply in your pantry and see
how they simplify and improve home-keeping.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY
At night for throat tickle; in
morning to sweeten breath.

WM. H. LUDEN. iu Reading Since 1881.

Give

Quick

Belief

JLJL

GTZ

QUARD

 NOSE AND

THROAT

 ALLA Y THIRST

 RELIEVE DUST
 IRRITA TIONS

SWEETEN THE
BREATH

AID THE VOICE

   MENTHOL
   COUGH
   DttOPS

L Vfi.

            ^ Distinctive-
            W Package.