THE THIEF <4 FORTHE

                     a shuddery story of the
                     dreadful weird magic of 'a
                     treacherous aged sorcerer

By CLIFFORD BALl

                                                Paul Ernst
                                                Robert Bloch
                                                Henry Kuttner
                                                G. G. Pendorve^
BACK COPIES

  •

   Because of the many requests for back issues of Weird Tales, the publishers do their best
to keep a sufficient supply on hand to meet all demands. This magazine was established early
in 1923 and there has been a steady drain on the supply of back copies ever since. At present,
we have the following back numbers on hand for sale:

1932 1933 1934  1935  1930  1937 
Jan.      Jan.  Jan.  Jan.  Jan. 
Feb.      Feb.  Feb.  Feb.  Feb. 
          Mar.  Mar.  Mar.  Mar. 
Apr.      Apr.  Apr.  Apr.  Apr. 
           May   May   May   May 
June      June  June  June  June 
     July July  July  July       
Aug.      Sept. Sept. Sept.      
          Oct.  Oct.  Oct.       
     Nov. Nov.  Nov.  Nov.       
Deo.      Dec.  Dec.  Dec.       
   These back numbers contain many fascinating stories. If you are interested in obtaining
any of the back copies on this list please hurry your order because we can not guarantee that
the list will be as complete as it now is within the next 30 days. The price on all back issues
is 25c per copy. Mail all orders to:

 WEIRD TALES

840 N. Michigan Ave.	Chicago, Illinois.. U. S. A.

SPECIAL MONEY-SAVING SUBSCRIPTION OFFER	§

One Year (12 issues @ 25c ^ $3.00—YOU SAVE 50c) $2.50	1

Two Years (24 issues @ 25C = $6.00—YOU SAVE $2.00) $4.00	1

Three Years (36 issues @ 25c = $9.00—YOU SAVE $4.00) $5.00	1
      To any address in the United States or possessions

  Central America, Cuba, Mexico, South America and Spain

 —__ = - _ _____ - _____■

       For Canada, Newfoundland and Labrador add 25c a year extra for	■
       postage. To all other countries add 50c a year extra for postage.

£^USE THIS COUPON FOR SUBSCRIBING"8*^	I

WEIRD TALES, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, 111., U. S. A.	|

Enclosed find $........................for which please enter my subscription to i

WEIRD TALES for................................years to begin with the August issue, i

Name............................................................................................................................

Address.......................................................................................................................

City..............................................................................................State........................ §
A MAGAZINE OF THE BIZARRE AND UNUSUAL

Volume 30_CONTENTS FOR JULY, 1937__Number 1 |

Cover Design...................Virgil Finlay

       Illustrating a scene in "The Thief of Fort he”

The Thief of Forthe................Clifford Ball 2

      The story of a thief who coveted a kingdom, and the appalling secret of an old magician

To Virgil Finlay................H. P. Lovecraft 17

       Verse, written on seeing Mr. Finlay’s illustration for "The Faceless God”

Jail-break...................Paul Ernst 18

       The aftermath of Lit tell’s escape from prison was far worse than the prison itself

The Whistling Corpse.............G. G. Pendarves 26

      A gripping weird novelette of the sea, by the author of "The Eighth Green Alan”

To Howard Phillips Lovecraft.........Clark Ashton Smith 48

      Verse, a memorial tribute to a supreme master of weird and outre literature

Raider of the Spaceways.............Henry Kuttner 49

       A startling weird-scientific story about a vampiric entity on the Night Side of the planet Venus

The Last Pharaoh (part 3)...........Thomas P. Kelley 68

       A story of the weird doom that enmeshed two lovers in a castle of gloom on the African coast

The Ocean Ogre................Dana Carroll 94

       A tale of the thing called Alain Gervais that came aboard a ship at sea
The Interview...................H. Sivia 100

       An astonishing surprize awaited the young reporter when he returned to his newspaper’s city room

The Creeper in the Crypt.............Robert Bloch 104

       A tale of stark horror in the dread cellar of an evil house in legend-haunted Arkham

Weird Story Reprint:

The Hounds of Tindalos.........Frank Belknap Long, Jr. Ill

      An eery tale reprinted from WEIRD TALES of eight years ago

The Eyrie.......................122

      The readers discuss the merits and demerits of this magazine

       Published monthly by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 East Washington Street, Indianapolis, Ind. Entered
as second-class matter March 20, 1923, at the post office at Indianapolis, Ind., under the act of March 3. 1879. Single copies,
25 ccnts. Subscription rates: One year in the United States and possessions, Cuba, Mexico, South America, Spain, 52.50;
Canada, $2.75 ; elsewhere, $3.00. English office: Otis A. Kline, c/o John Paradise, 86 Strand, W. C. 2, London. The pub-
lishers are not responsible for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts, although every care will be taken of such material while in
their possession. The contents of this magazine are fully protected by copyright and must not be reproduced either wholly or in
part without permission from the publishers.

       NOTE—All manuscripts and communications should be addressed to the publishers' Chicago office at 840 North Michigan
ATCflue, Chicago. III.	FARNSWORTH WRIGHT, Editor.

Copyright 1937. by the Popular Fiction Publishing Corm"»<vv.

COPYRICHTBD IN GREAT BRITAIN	4!<<jE£KS39,s’

WEIRD TALES ISSUED 1st OF EACH MONTH

w. T.—l	i
Uhe (s'[

e/hief of Forthe

By CLIFFORD BALL

A swift-moving, romantic story of a thief who coveted a kingdom, and
the appalling secret of an old magician

THE crude stone chamber was
lighted only by the flickering flame
of a single torch thrust into a crev-
ice in the wail. Wrenched by the drafts
of the dank underground dungeon, it cast
fltful gleams over the features of the two
figures seated at opposite sides of the low
rock table occupying the exact center of
the small enclosure. This article, with the
two chairs supporting the men, alone
graced the bareness of this sunken hole
that had, in a bygone age, echoed with
the groans of tortured and dying men.
The walls were damp with the moisture
of eons.

  "I grant you,” argued Karlk, the ma-
gician, stroking his long beard with the
slender fingers of a woman, "that Thrall
has been a fair king. Yes. But not a
good one.”

  "Good enough for me!” grumbled the
other, more powerful man. He struck a
clenched fist on the stone of the table to
emphasize his insistence, at the same time
eyeing the black-cowled figure of Karlk
with tiny fires of suspicion in the depths
of his long-lashed gray eyes.

  In all the kingdom of Forthe there
could hardly have been found two men
of such different types. The magician
was of slender frame, of small features,
and delicate hands and feet. He had
never appeared in any other costume than
the one he now wore—a long robe of
ebon silk almost touching the ground as
he walked, held by a twisted cord at the
waist. A black cowl covered his head; the
heavy beard and hirsute growth before
the ears left only the flashing, malignant
2

eyes and the thin nostrils visible. There
were many whispers to the effect that
Karlk was not really of the race of men
and that if anyone would have the un-
thinkable courage to uncover his person,
he would discover, not a human form,
but some monstrosity impossible for the
mind of mankind to imagine.

  The other man was virtually naked.
Beyond the breech-clout he wore and the
sandals on his feet his only article of
adornment was the slender sword dan-
gling by his side. To this his right hand
frequently strayed; obviously the weapon
was almost part of the man. He had
known the clash of steel in combat; con-
vincing proofs of this were the great scars
that crossed one another over many parts
of his naked flesh. Unlike the magician
he was clean-shaven, his hair bound in
the back by a thin gold chain. The well-
shaped skull gave proof that brain backed
his brawn. Relaxed, as an animal of the
wild rests, he still gave the impression of
a creature ready to spring into snarling,
ferocious battle. He had cause for alert-
ness, for he was R.ald, prince among
thieves.

  "Good enough!” repeated the thief.
"What cause have you against Thrall?
Didn’t he save your accursed skin the
time that missing guardsman was found
outside these walls crawling on all fours
and barking like a dog? And didn’t I see
the poor devil myself before they merci-
fully cut off his head—a head with long,
pointed, furry ears on it? Thrall covered
your deviltry, didn't he?”

  "An unfortunate experiment. One of
THE THIEF OF FORTHE

3

my servants neglected his watch over the
-—man. He wandered outside.” Karlk
fingered his beard reminiscently. "The
king had my 'experiment’ destroyed, so
my stupid servant reluctantly took its
place.”

  Raid spat on the stones of the floor.

  "I have encountered murderers I liked
better!”

  ’’You do not fear me, Raid?” inquired
the magician, gently.

  "When I learn how to fear, I’ll seek
another profession, oh frightener of chil-
dren!”

  "Even brave men can be taught.”

There was a note of menace in the low
tones.

  Raid shrugged. "Don’t threaten me.
I am no housewife screaming at shadows
in the streets. I came here tonight to
learn why you desired a member of my
profession. If you pull any of your filthy
tricks I’ll pull that crusty beard of yours
and maybe see more of your face.”

  The eyes of the magician gleamed red.
"Look, Raid,” he said, "and see how men
have died!”

  He extended his left hand with out-
spread fingers pointing at the blackness
of the damp walls. A second, two sec-

‘Qn one terrible day a princess of
Forthe became a captive."
4

WEIRD TALES

onds, and still Karlk remained immobile.
Then a pale light appeared to spread over
the skin of the hand, the digits became
phosphorescent and tiny blue sparks
emerged suddenly at the fingertips. Five
streaks of blue light ran from the out-
stretched arm to the wall. Portions of the
age-old solid stones broke into slivers and
rattled to the floor.

Rald’s eyes opened a trifle wider, but
-he grinned and spat again. "Before
you could have gotten that devilish power
—whatever it is—as far as your elbow
I’d have cut your arm off right there had
you pointed it at me! You’ll get no alle-
giance from me with threats, oh wizard!
Better offer me wine; these accursed
dungeons chili me more than they do you.
What do you want of me, Karlk?”

  "Not to disagree, my friend.”

  "I am not your friend. You have
none.”

  "For which I am grateful. Friends
mean compromises. I deal in bargains—
and get better results.”

  "What bargain do you seek with me?”
Hald’s eyes were as watchful as the beasts
cf the jungles, and now his hand stayed
on the sword-hilt.

  "I wish you to steal something for me.”
Raid expelled a mouthful of air deri-
sively. "Then why all this talk of kings
and magic? Of course you want me to
steal! For what other purpose would you
summon Raid? What seek you, wizard,
that your magic cannot obtain? Some of
Thrall’s jewels?—a stone or two from the
Inner Temple? No women,.mind you! I
don’t deal in them. What is the bargain
and what my reward?”

  Raid expanded his chest; he was proud
with the pride of an expert in his profes-
sion.

  Karlk laughed shortly, wickedly. "Jew'
els? The prizes of the temples? Ha!
From the playgrounds for children un-

learnt in the mysteries of the skies! I seek
a greater prize, something so earthly my
unearthly hands cannot touch it without
the aid of your nimble fingers, oh Raid!

I seek the kingdom of Forthe!”

  Shocked, the notorious thief started up-
right in the stone chair. Bewilderment
strained his countenance; incredulity
stamped horror on his features as he
sought to comprehend blasphemy.

  "Forthe!” he exclaimed. "Forthe! Why
—none but the Seven Gods could steal
Forthe from King Thrall of the Ebon
Dynasty!”

  "Except Karlk,” amended the magi-
cian.

  "Steal Forthe!” muttered Raid. "F^e-
bellion—treachery—millions to bribe—
for what? A powerful kingdom—aye!
But who shall rule it, granting you gain
it? You with the blood of its peoples on
your hands and the terror of yourself in
their hearts?”

  The magician’s voice became a whisper.
"King Raid!” he said.

  A siient moment passed before the
agile brain of the thief encompassed the
significance of Karlk’s intentions, so ut-
terly bizarre the idea of stealing Forthe
appeared, but abruptly the outlaw was
himself again as his natural daring and
coolness won over the startled instincts
of generations.

  "I see,” he said slowly. "The bargain,
eh? And your share?”

  "A trifling matter, oh my king!” the
magician mocked. "Merely the—shall v/e
say?—voice behind the throne. A whis-
per now and then. No interference with
your politics, understand. I am a scien-
tist. Just a little more freedom for—ex-
periments, a condescension in-”

  "For deviltry, which I like not! To
Nargarth’s pits with you, Karlk!”

  The magician’s face remained unal-
tered; one would have thought the dark
beard below the piercing eyes only a
THE THIEF OF FORTHE

5

mask. He began to whisper, insinuat-
ingly:

  ''Jewels of the empire, viands and
wines from the slopes of Ygoth, dancing-
girls from Ynema—perhaps even the
Lady Thrine for yourself, oh father of a
new dynasty!”

  The thief’s head lowered an inch or so
as he contemplated a vision. His hand
slipped from the hilt of his sword. Raid
dreamed a dream of empire, as many
powerful men had done before, as many
more would do in ages yet unborn.

Below the golden shafts of the low-
riding moon that was suspended, in
magnificent splendor far out over the des-
ert sands leading to the neighboring king-
dom of Ygoth, the black towers of King
Thrall's palace raised forbidding fingers
into the midnight sky. An omniscience of
the past hovered over those ragged sky-
lines; a susceptible observer might have
imagined the flickering spirits of bygone
kings floating to and fro among the crum-
bling turrets, guarding the castle walls
and casting watchful eyes over the man-
sions and huts of the surrounding coun-
tryside; ghosts watching over Thrall, the
last king of the Ebon Dynasty—a king
with no heir to carry on the ancient line.

  On the rugged rocks below the outer
walls of the palace grounds, his naked
body immersed to the waist in green foli-
age, his brain seething with plans for the
most daring, wildest attempt of his ad-
venturous career, stood Raid, the cunning
and intrepid thief of Forthe. His heart,
for all his outward calm, pounded a little
harder beneath his ribs; there was a ting-
ling in his blood not born of wine. Bod-
ily he responded to all the oft-known
thrills of the prowl; only in his clever
brain (now somewhat benumbed by the
magnitude of his enterprise) dwelt the
shadowy doubts engendered by the past
prescience of the magician, Karlk.

  He was too far removed from the pa-
trolled gateways for guards to spy him in
the desert moonlight, yet he slunk toward
the walls more like an animal than a man.
Desert winds and the erosion of time had
emptied many crevices between the rocks
comprising the stone barrier. Cat-like,
his fingers and toes found purchase in
these gaps, and in less time than he had
expected he attained the summit of the
wall. Here he paused to reach with cau-
tious fingers so as to ascertain the posi-
tions of certain ragged sword-blades,
spear-heads, cracked glass and other ob-
stacles embedded in the ledge to dissuade
an intruder. Having located these, he
pulled himself upward, pushing several
of the rusty defenses aside as he pro-
gressed, and glided across the few exposed
feet of stone in a crouching position. The
inner wall was even more eroded than
the outer side; he experienced little diffi-
culty in negotiating a descent. Easily he
stood within the palace grounds. With-
out a sense of sacrilege, he reflected, many
a thief would have been before him.

  The kitchens of the palace were his
first objective. At this hour he knew they
would be deserted by cooks and staff. Ac-
cordingly, he proceeded in a semicircular
direction toward the rear of the massive
structure of the king's dwelling-place.
He threaded his w'ay through underbrush
and gardens of flowers. Once he spied a
carven statue so like the figure of a living
man that he half drew his sword before
discovering his mistake. Cursing, he set
a foot in a shallow pool evidently in-
tended for fish. This incident inflamed
his temper, and he continued toward the
palace with little nerves twitching in his
throat and wrists. The discomfort of a
soaked and dripping sandal did not de-
crease his anger.

  A thin piece of steel, a thieves' imple-
ment expertly applied, soon forced the
small kitchen door opening onto the ref-
6

WEIRD TALES

use pits. Closing the violated barrier
quietly behind him, he traversed three de-
serted cellars fragrant with the odors of
cold meats and rich wines. A series of
stone steps, moonlit through narrow aper-
tures in the castle walls, led him to the
upper floors and the long corridors and
high arches of the palace halls.

  Raid, like many others born in the huts
that clustered the hillsides under the pro-
tection of their kingdom’s castle, knew
practically the entire plan of the struc-
ture’s architecture through generations of
village people who had rendered service
within its massive walls, servants that
would have gasped, terror-stricken, if they
could have observed the practical use to
which their idle gossip and hearsay com-
ments were being put this night.

  But the thief did not know the posts
of the palace guards, so he trod carefully,
dodging the thin streaks of moonlight
from the narrow slits in the walls. Be-
yond his suppressed breathing all was
quiet as the grave. If guarding spirits
wished to clamor in warning alarms, they
were powerless to do so, though Thrall’s
throne was in greater danger than it had
ever been before and the fate of the Ebon
Dynasty was balancing in the palms of
the Seven Gods, all because of a slim,
powerful, half-naked figure stealing with
drawn sword through the empty corridors
of Forthe’s ancient palace.

At a turning in the hall the intruder
w suddenly halted and, in animal fash-
ion, hunched his shoulder muscles. The
sword quivered in his hand like an ani-
mate thing about to make its kill. Before
him a dim shadow resolved itself into the
figure of a man stretched outright upon
the flagging of the paved floor. He wore
the uniform of a member of the palace
guards. His hands were raised far above
his head, far from his sword-hilt, in close

proximity to a thin-necked earthenware
bottle. He breathed stertorously.

  "Drunk!” exulted the thief. ''Oh my
king! My royal fool!” The bottle gurgled
momentarily in Raid’s hand. "Fair,” he
opined, judiciously. "Much better than
some I’ve stolen, King Thrall!”

  His eyes fell upon the carven door be-
fore which the stupefied guard lay inert.
"Perhaps,” he whispered softly, "perhaps
this is the room!”

  A delicate twitch of the door’s lever,
with an eye on the unconscious form at
his feet, and he was peering into the
chamber. A beam of moonlight flowed
through draped tapestries to illuminate a
lengthy couch holding a form undoubt-
edly female; the outlines were unmistak-
able. The shape was obvious, but the
head of the figure was averted and only
a smooth white cheek could be seen
among the tumbled confusion of robes
and cushions. Raid closed the door as si-
lently as he had opened it.

  "A mistress, perhaps. Or a wench. No
—a mistress. Or why the guard?”

  As noiseless as ever, his lean shadow
sped down the corridor; only the appreci-
atively lowered liquid line of the wine-
container testified that the thief of Forthe
had ever come or gone.

  At length he paused where two huge
doors of semicircular design formed an
oval indentation in the wall. The portals
were plain and unmarked by even the
royal heraldry; but a single bar, fitted
into protruding slots on either side of the
entrance, v/as covered by a tiny network
of cabalistic writings. Raid, stooping to
peer at the engraving in the dim moon-
light, made out enough of its meaning
to comprehend a warning bestowing the
curses of the Seven Gods upon the mortal
who would dare to lift the bar from its
niche unless bidden to do so directly by
THE THIEF OF FORTHE

Thrall of the Ebon Dynasty, Keeper of
the Necklace and rightful King of Forthe.

  "Faith!” exclaimed Raid to himself; "if
ever my name is written there instead of
Thrall’s (and that is a question!) there’ll
be a pair of six-foot guardsmen standing
on either side of this door to lend the
gods a hand—or a sword-arm!”

  He slipped his sword into its scabbard,
cautiously so that it would not rasp, and
lifted both hands to the bar. Although a
confirmed atheist, he felt a tingle in his
nerve centers for his own daring in thus
grasping a thing forbidden by the gods to
human hands, and a slight chill raced
down his spine as his fingers encountered
the cold metal. For a moment the shad-
ows appeared to be dancing on the stones
of the wall—or was it that the walls
themselves were quivering like sentient
organisms?

  "King Raid!” he asserted, reassuringly,
and wrenched the bar from its sockets.

  It felt inordinately heavy in his hands,
surprizingly heavy for a piece of metal
hardly thicker than the sv/ord he swung
so lightly; his heart, which had been puls-
ing in faster tempo for the moment, only
regained its normal rate when he stood
the forbidden barrier softly against the
farther wall. A faint dew moistened his
forehead. It was easy enough to shock
the wenches of the taverns with blas-
phemy against the Seven, but here in the
dim and time-hallowed halls of ancient
Castle Forthe their dark and secret powers
seemed very menacing indeed.

  "King Raid!” he repeated, and paused,
startled. Unconsciously he had spoken
aloud, and the sound of his voice tearing
asunder the stillness within the aged and
sacred corridors caused him to crouch
and quiver like a wild thing. An instant;
then, superstition forgotten, he became
the cynical thief again. He amended his
late boast in a whisper: "Fool Raid!”

The oval doorway was no longer an
obstacle. Before a gentle push of a
hand the double doors swung inward.
Raid was amazed to see the room beyond
lit by three great torches stuck at inter-
vals along the walls; so closely had the
portals been fitted that not a single ray
of light escaped their edges, and his ab-
rupt transition from moonbeams to fire-
light left him momentarily in blinking
uncertainty. Recovering, he saw that the
chamber was unguarded and promptly
closed the doors to prevent any unex-
pected gleams from alarming a chance
guard.

  The room was not large; it contained
none of the great statues or scarred armor
of long-deceased kings that obstructed so
many of the public halls to remind a
properly awe-stricken populace of the
might of the dead. The walls were cov-
ered with fold upon fold of black velvet
tapestries; bare stones appeared only
where niches held the huge ironwood
torches that would burn, untended, for
weeks without replacement. Opposite the
entrance stood a low dais supporting the
carved seats of the double throne of King
Thrall and his royal sister, the Lady
Thrine. Here was the Inner Council
chamber where foreign emissaries were
interviewed, where treaties involving
peace and w’ar and politics were signed,
where only the great were welcome and
death was the penalty for the unbidden.

  Hanging high between the cushions of
the double throne and outlined in stark
simplicity against the background of black
velvet, its thousand facets pouring a bril-
liance of colors in great cascades under
the flickering beams from the torches,
gleamed the legendary Necklace of the
Ebon Dynasty.

  It was the objective of Raid’s quest.

  The Necklace was composed of a string
of fifty diamonds, each one itself worthy
of the ransom of a king, and the lot, in
8

WEIRD TALES

their magnificent entirety, of fabulous
value. But the chief virtue of the heir-
loom lay not in its marketable worth, but
in the legendary credits supposedly be-
stowed upon it by the multiple blessings
of the Seven Gods when, eons ago, they
granted the rights of kingship to the
Ancient One who had been the first King
of Forthe and the subsequent founder of
the dynasty. When the reigning king
held serious council, or signed a treaty
with a neighboring power, or on rare oc-
casions was called upon to dispense justice
upon an important trial or disagreement,
he solemnly and reverently took down the
gold-clasped chain of matchless diamonds
and with his own hands placed them
about his neck. From the decision he then
rendered there could be no appeal; it be-
came immutable and final. It was the
Necklace, apparently, that gave verdict,
not the man or even the king.

  Hence the reasoning of Karlk, the ma-
gician: Many kings had worn the Neck-
lace in judicial omnipotence, until the
people of Forthe saw the wearer as a rep-
resentative of the Seven Gods; if a man
wore it, whether or not he bore the mark
of a crown, would not that man, by the
very right of his having procured the
sacred authority from a lackadaisical mon-
arch, claim the right of kingship? And
what man in all Forthe possessed the dar-
ing, initiative, cunning and combined
fearlessness and resourcefulness, accom-
plishments so necessary to the undertak-
ing of the theft, but Raid, prince of
thieves? A barbarous type, perhaps, but
one who, drunk with power and recently
acquired authority, should be easy hand-
ling. A magician could never be a king,
he knew, over people already in fear of
evil enchantments; but a clever fighting-
man could hold both the throne and the
loyalty of its subjects while he, Karlk,
pulled strings to make the puppet dance.

A beautiful dream come true, reasoned
Karlk, because of flawless logic.

  The thief gazed upon destiny in the
shape of diamonds and dreamed a dream
of magnificence, forgetting he stood sac-
rilegiously on forbidden ground in a cas-
tle holding torture and death for a cap-
tured criminal. The sparkle of the jewels
fascinated him and he crept nearer to
their dazzling beauty as a hypnotized bird
approaches the maw of a deadly snake.
For a moment he forgot Karlk and king-
ship and power. Primarily, he was a thief
born and bred—and here were jewels!

The cool voice from behind fell
upon his ears as if the speaker had
wielded a club.

  "Greetings, oh prowler of the night!
You must be either a very brave or a very
foolish man to come here!”

  Raid leaped instinctively, twisting in
midair, and came down on his toes a full
six feet from where he had been standing.
When he left the floor his back had been
presented to the doorway; now he con-
fronted the intruder with drawn sword
and breath hissing from between clenched
teeth. No cat of the jungles could have
reacted more animal-like.

  “By the rump of Nargarth!” swore the
newcomer with feeling. "Quit jumping
like an ape!”

  "Faith!” exclaimed Raid. His hand
had stayed his sword-point within scant
inches of a woman’s breast. "Faith!”

  "By the hounds of-”

  "Easy!” he grinned, regaining natural
composure. "Easy, or I blush!”

  For a pair of seconds they surveyed
each other in silence.

  Raid looked upon a bravely held figure
in night attire. Even the formless gar-
ment, loosely clasped about the waist by
a gold-threaded belt, could not disguise
the curving beauty of a flawless shape.
The long white robe fell in revealing
THE THIEF OF FORTHE

9

lines to tiny feet incased in leather san-
dals. Her raven-black hair, unbound,
framed patrician features before it cas-
caded in luxurious curls to the slender
waist. The level eyes, serene brow and
aristocratic lips cried denial to any station
of servitude; here was no castle wench.

  With a suddenly inspired comprehen-
sion Raid knew her, knew also a gleam
in his eyes had betrayed his recognition
by the lift of her firm chin. On previous
occasions he had been permitted to view
her stately figure from a distance as the
parade of royalty passed in the streets, but
now, for the first time in his checkered
career, he held private audience with one
of the mighty so often described to him
as "his betters.” But, even as realization
brought a twinge of the old awe of roy-
alty to penetrate his unlawful impulses,
the thought came to Raid that, after all,
this was a woman, a beautiful and brave
woman, and one to be desired even if she
was the Lady Thrine, sister to the King
of Forthe.

  Thrine saw a half-naked barbarian,
powerfully built and of challenging de-
meanor, who had broken into the most
sacred chamber of the monarchy, and her
rage was boundless. She forgot any prob-
able need of assistance from the palace
retinue. Sacrilege had been performed.

  "What seek you here?” she demanded,
imperiously.

  The sword-point poised so few inches
from her breast had not wavered, she
noticed, and a tiny tremor of doubt as to
the wisdom of her adventure began to
seep into her mind. Had it been really so
delightfully intriguing—or wise—not to
have alarmed the castle when she discov-
ered the presence of an intruder? Would
the temporary thrill derived from track-
ing the unknown through the black cor-
ridors, without summoning her brother’s
minions, compensate her for the eternity

of death? Nerve stimulation of any kind,
she decided, was so rare in Castle Forthe
that perhaps the exception was worthy of
the risk.

  "What seek you?” she repeated, and if
her voice had become a little choked it
was no doubt due to the night drafts of
the long passageways.

  "Fame, My Lady Thrine! And fortune,
too!” His sword wavered a trifle as its
circling tip encompassed the Necklace on
the wall, but returned almost immediately
to its former threatening position.

  "You would dare!” gasped Thrine.
"The Necklace! No one has ever dared
to think of stealing the Necklace!”

  "Therefore—fame!” smiled Raid. Re-
ceiving the lady's inspired awe, he felt,
was the same as if an accolade had been
conferred upon him for professional skill.

  "You must be an unusual thief,” sur-
mised Thrine, with half-closed eyes. "I
have heard of one of great dexterity

called-”

  "Raid.”

  "Men call you Raid?”	*'

  “That—and other things!”

  "You—you”—a wave of anger became
again obvious in the lady’s tones—"you
dared, too, to enter my bedchamber?”
"Faith! Was that you?” The sword
lowered an inch or two. "I understand
the guard now. But I thought you a—

a-”

  "Yes?”

  "A very beautiful woman, my Lady!
And the suggested aspiration is beyond
your humble subject; rare jewels, perhaps,
but—the first Lady of Forthe!” Raid
rolled his eyeballs skyward in condemna-
tion.

  "What a perfect rogue!” commented
Thrine as if speaking to an non-existent
third person. She was no longer afraid
and her tones were smooth again.
10

WEIRD TALES

For a minute there was silence in the
chamber, a silence broken only by the
slight hissing of the burning torches.

  "It appears, my Lady Thrine, we have
approached checkmate in both our enter-
prises,” Raid declared presently. "I have
the Necklace; you have me.”

  "You have also a sword.”

  "And you a beauty I cannot impair.
And a voice with which to scream.”

  "You propose that I—scream?”

  "You may decide. There may be dead
men before I gain the city streets again,
friends of yours you would not care to

endanger-

  "If I promise you safe-conduct and
freedom?”

  "Pardon, my Lady! Even you could
not promise safety to one who has com-
mitted the unspeakable crime of coveting
the Necklace. I came for it; I shall leave
with it or rest these bones for ever here.”
"I will relieve her of the responsibility,
King Raid,” said Karlk from the semi-
darkness of the doorway.

  "Karlk!” exclaimed the thief.

  Thrine uttered a low cry.

  "King?”

  "If you come through the corridors and
the guards so easily, why did you seek my
services?” asked Raid.

  "My powers can blind the guards at
the gates and still the watchdogs in their
kennels. I can cause a mist over the
torches and heavy sleep to the guarding
spirits. But I could not raise the bar to
this chamber, as I saw you do in my glass.
That was the obstacle, Raid. The mere
lifting of that bar made you king of
Forthe!”

  "And thief and traitor, too!” sneered
Thrine.

  Somehow her words and tone struck
Raid to the heart. He looked into her icy
eyes and the chill of them entered his
soul.

  "We can spare the lady now,” said
Karlk, ominously.

   His slender fingers rose to the level of
the woman’s neck. Thrine guessed at his
intent. Her fear vanished; in the face of
certain death the dynasty’s blood would
not permit her to cringe, so she stood
unafraid and defiant. There was no glint
of admiration in the magician’s eyes, but
only intense cruelty and pleasant satisfac-
tion. Raid, watching him, knew that the
blue sparks would writhe and twist that
beauteous form in another second.

   "Wait!” he cried, and was surprized at
the intensity, the noisy recklessness, of his
own voice.

  "Hold!” commanded sterner tones.
From the shadows beyond the black-robed
figure of Karlk, where the forgotten por-
tals swung wide, a slender sword-tip
flickered through the air to rest at the
magician’s throat.

  "By the Seven!” swore Raid. "Does
none sleep in this cursed palace?”

  "Only my precious guardsmen, it
seems!” declared the latest arrival in deep
and bitter tones.

  The man moved into the torchlight as
he spoke, and the sudden wild glitterings
of a thousand steel corners on his fight-
ing-mail danced on the black tapestries.
His head was bare and proudly borne.
The hawk-like features, level gray eyes,
thin nostrils and dominant chin were fa-
miliar to the thief, whose own counte-
nance paled.

  "King Thrall!”

  "By your leave, my unknown and un-
announced guest!” The king’s sword did
not wander from its threatening position
behind Karlk’s head. "Or rather: guests!
What do you desire now, my infamous
magician?”

Despite his surprize the black-robed
figure held himself quietly. He did
not attempt to face the king; a sword-
THE THIEF OF FORTHE

11

prick that stung the skin had warned him,
wordlessly. One thin-fingered hand ab-
sently stroked the tangled beard, and the
heavy-rimmed eyelids were discreetly low-
ered. Even the watchful gaze of Raid
could discern nothing dangerous in the
wizard’s attitude.

 From beyond the king’s menacing
figure two burly guardsmen, eyes still
bloodshot from deep slumber, cautiously
approached the tense body of the thief.
He had never been forcibly disarmed be-
fore; he shrank a little as the sword and
small dagger in his belt were appropri-
ated. Thrine smiled maliciously and,
partly to his own astonishment, he smiled
back. He admired the Lady Thrine, her
calm air and the coolness of her tongue,
and was glad the death sparks had not
had a chance to shatter her lovely body.

  Her smile faded. A strange shadow7
crossed her expressive features. Was it
sympathy?

  "I have endured you a long time, oh
Karlk!” Thrall was saying. "The mean-
ing of tonight’s entry is not quite clear to
me. I mean to discover it. We will see
what magic can prevail against the steel
and wooden posts of my so seldom used
torture rooms beneath us. Unless you
wish to speak now?”

  “My king,” said Karlk in respectful
tones, "I have ever been misunderstood.”

 "You have. Human minds cannot
comprehend men changed into half-beasts
or men with beast-like habits. Because of
the powers you w'ielded I forbore a long
time, but now, for some as yet incompre-
hensible reason, you have invaded a very
private chamber of Castle Forthe, wherein
you have no rights, and the time has come
for a definite easing of my mind. You
will keep those wizard-hands of yours in
plain sight and you will not speak or sign
to this underling of yours, or I cut off
your hands and his head without benefit
of trial!”

   "I am no underling!” spat Raid, wrath -
fully.

  "Without a head, who could tell?”
observed a guardsman.

  "Ho! And who might you be, appear-
ing as you are, clad as a new-born babe?”
demanded Thrall.

  "I am Raid!” Even before the king the
pride of the thief was stronger than the
fear of punishment.

  Thrine w-atched him as he stood be-
tween his captors, half naked, weaponless,
but erect in defense of his own integrity,
and marveled.

  "Raid!” exclaimed Thrall. "I’ve heard
of you. So have my guards.” His eyes
flickered over the two abashed men
guarding the captive, both of whom were
now wide awake and intently watching
the least movement made by the man
between them. "Hitherto they never
seem to have been so close to your person.
My guards, you understand, have such
strenuous tasks to perform, their minds,
as well as their bodies, become fatigued
with the passing of the day. From the
drinking of w'ines and the entertainment
of the kitchen maids they must seek their
much-deserved repose.”

  With flame-colored cheeks the two
guards stood at attention. Raid grinned
at each of them, and the fires mounted
even higher beneath their skins.

  "Truly enterprising fellows, my king!
You can perhaps perceive why I follow
my less exhausting profession?”

  "I beg a private audience, oh king!”
broke in Karlk in a humble voice.

  "Later, wizard,” said Thrall, curtly.
"Frake,” he commanded, "see that my
two guests are bound tightly to prevent
their roving inclinations from leading
them astray within my walls.”

  Hasty footsteps were heard as three
more men in the livery of the kings
guardsmen entered, with eyes wide before
12

WEIRD TALES

the tableau. Speechless, they waited for
orders.

  "I wish to extend my hospitality in
greater measure,” continued the king,
"when I have returned from my duties as
temporary captain of the guard. My for-
mer captain appears to have obtained a
stronger wine than any of you—by the
circumstantial evidence of his absence. I,
myself, will make the rounds this night,
before a handful of beggars from the
city’s gutters decide to take Forthe!”

Spurred by the king’s anger and
shamed before his sarcasm, the guards-
man Frake, with hastily procured twine,
venomously bound Raid’s wrists so tight-
ly that the thief was forced to set his
teeth to abstain from wincing. The ma-
gician was tied likewise, hand and foot,
but handled in a respectful manner not
accorded to the other prisoner. In the
opinion of the guardsmen the slight fig-
ure of Karlk was far more dangerous than
the formidable bulk of the fighting-man;
it was evident by the clumsy efforts they
made to bind the former without touch-
ing his person.

  ‘'Go, my sister, to your rooms,” or-
dered Thrall. "I will leave these miscre-
ants here until I discover what other sac-
rileges they may have committed, or if
there be accomplices in the gardens. Per-
haps I may even be so presumptuous as to
awaken a few of my guards and inquire
if there is a pilgrimage being made
through the palace grounds!”

  As Thrine passed through the doorway
in the wake of the wrathful king, she
glanced hurriedly over her shoulder at the
supine figure of the thief. Raid, tightly
secured, lay with the manner of a man
reposing on his honestly earned couch,
his head pillowed against the velvet of
the wall. Outrageously, he winked.
With a strange mixture of emotions Lady
Thrine swept in royal dignity to her

rooms, pausing only to break the wine
bottle by her door over the slumbering
guard's head.

  In the chamber of the double throne
the two prisoners looked at each other
and then at the gleaming jewels upon the
wall that were to have given one power
and the other a kingdom.

  "We are both to blame,” Karlk an-
nounced presently, in his curiously effemi-
nate tones. "I should have sensed Thrall
behind me before his weapon touched my
neck. You should have run your sword
through the woman’s body at once, and
seized the Necklace, before you conde-
scended to argue.”

   "I am a thief!” protested R.ald, angrily,
"not a murderer!”

   "Many have died for a throne before,’*
said Karlk softly. His beady eyes were
searching the thief’s features, penetrating,
it seemed to R.ald, his very thoughts.
"Many — and quite a number were
women!”

   For the first time in his careless career
Raid was stung by a feeling of patriotism,
a sense of dutiful homage to the crown
that protected the city and countryside,
including himself, from the depredations
of mountain bandits and greedy rulers of
neighboring domains.

  "I am of Forthe! I could not slay the
sister of our king!”

  "Ha!” The magician shrugged weary
shoulders. "I must learn, in dealing with
men, that they are prone to sentimentality.

I have studied so far above mankind that
my thoughts are in the clouds while in-
sects destroy my sandals. Even a thief has
scruples!”

  "If I had a sword I’d have your ears,
also!” murmured Raid, thoughtfully.

  The next instant he sustained a shock
such as he had never experienced before
in all his varied existence—which had
been wide, indeed. Karlk had been lying,
as motionless as himself, against the
THE THIEF OF FORTHE

13

opposite wall where he had been placed
after being bound by the guards. His
hands were tied behind his back, even as
Raid's, in a most uncomfortable manner.
Now the wizard squirmed, moving into
i more upright position, and from the
folds on either side of his black robes,
from the spaces below his armpits, ap-
jpeared two tiny, white-furred arms. The
extraordinary appendages were only a
jfoot and a half in length and terminated
in small, child-like hands with short nails
and pinkish palms. Except for the white
hirsute growth they might have been the
paws of a monkey. With nimble digits
they began to pick on Karlk’s bonds.

 Raid swore fiercely in amazed horror.
It was one of the few times in his life he
v.as to feel the numbing cold of stark
fear in his veins.

 "There are many things about myself,”
explained the magician, placidly, "that no
man has ever known. By force of circum-
stance, you are now perceiving one of my
—all—inhuman qualities. I do not like
to revert frequently to these characteris-
tics; the task becomes a strain on even my
abnormal mentality. But you must agree
that the situation demands a drastic
remedy.”

 Nonplussed, Raid watched the unhu-
man fingers pluck apart the cords until
Karlk's hands were freed. Once their
task was completed they disappeared
swiftly into the black garments and the
magician’s more natural fingers loosened
the ropes about his ankles.

 "I fear,” he said, standing somberly
before the thief, "I shall have to leave
you here for the while. You obviously do
not approve of the methods to which I
have been restricted. Thrall must die—
yes, and Thrine also! That the death of
the reigning royalty was necessary to my
project I knew from the beginning; no
member of the Ebon Dynasty would
voluntarily surrender the throne while

there was breath in his or her body.
Neither kingdoms nor dynasties are
founded without the spilling of blood.
So they die. Later, I will return—so that
you and I may talk. Meanwhile you will
observe the Necklace and contemplate the
power it can bequeath you.”

  With a swish of silken robes the Thing
that was known as Karlk vanished
through the doorway, leaving a stillness
broken only by the slight hissing of the
torches and the heavy breathing of a
semi-stupefied thief beneath the double
throne.

Rald did not meditate long. His
- thoughts were already too jumbled
to reach any definite decision. A single,
blank glance w'as all the famous Necklace
received; the knowledge of the Lady
Thrine’s peril submerged all thoughts of
Thrall, the kingdom of Forthe, or the
fabulous jewels. Diamonds, after all,
were only stones, and Thrine was flesh
and blood; therefore, far more perishable.

  It took him fully ten minutes to hoist
his tightly bound figure upright by clutch-
ing at the tapestries with benumbed
fingers and digging his heels into the tiny
crevices of the stone floor. Only an able-
bodied man at the height of physical fit-
ness could have accomplished the feat.
At last he stood, panting and perspiring,
beneath one of the hissing torches.
Taking a deep breath, he flung his bowed
head up and backward. The abrupt
motion caused him to lose his hard-won
balance, and he fell full-length and some-
what painfully back to the pavement. But
the torch, knocked from its niche, fell
also, and landed with a shower of sparks
that singed off an eyelash before the thief
could twist his head. Luckily, it did not
go out. Raid murmured an almost for-
gotten prayer.

  A short while later he cast the cords
from his ankles and chafed a pair of
14

WEIRD TALES

badly burned wrists. It had not been an
easy matter to hold his hands, so awk-
wardly fastened behind him, over the
sputtering flame. If his hand could only
hold a sword!

  Aye, a sword! The empty scabbard was
a mockery. With supple tread and cau-
tious ears he left the chamber of the
Necklace with its treasure, still untouched,
on the wall. Castle Forthe held plenty of
swords; all he must do was find one with-
out an arm behind it!

  His wish was instantly, but ominously,
granted. A few paces down the dim cor-
ridor, in a curiously crumpled position,
lay the body of a guard. A shaft of
moonlight from an interstice crossed fea-
tures distorted in violent and horrible
death-pangs. Raid shuddered as he re-
membered the blue sparks and their su-
pernatural force. The dead man’s blade
was half drawn; the thief appropriated it
in a single cat-like gesture. Somewhere in
the dark halls of Forthe was a Thing
without the need of a sword, but Raid
felt courage flowing into his heart
through the chilled steel in his hand.
Despite the blisters on his palm he
clutched the hilt as a drowning man
grasps at a rescuing timber.

  From somewhere, out of the darkness,
came the half-muffled cry of a woman.
The slender thread of alarm in Raid’s
spine flowered into a network of nerve
pulsations spreading into his heart re-
gions. Thrine! The voice was unmistak-
able. Blindly he blundered into stone
walls as he encountered a sudden turn in
the passageway; recovering, he realized
his senses had been blurred by the inner
urge driving him forward. He sought to
conquer his impulses. A cool head and a
strong sword-arm were needed in Forthe
this night.

  An unexpected twist of the corridor
revealed to his eyes a high, unfortified
archway of stone leading into the palace

gardens. Beyond, and converging toward
the aperture, were the numerous torches
carried by the guardsmen as they beat the
foliage in vain for lurking assassins.
Near by, at the very base of the short
stairway leading up to the arch, King
Thrall advanced before a picked dozen of
his retinue. Evidently, the monarch of
Forthe was returning to question the ap-
prehended culprits.

  But the king wras in no position to see
what was so clearly visible to the thief.
Between Raid and the wavering gleams
of the torches, just far enough within
the castle archway to be concealed in the
shadows from those without, crouched
the figure of Karlk in an attitude unmis-
takably threatening. His face was toward
the approaching soldiers led by Thrall;
the thief knew a king was walking to his
death. On the floor, at the wizard's feet,
a bound figure attempted to warn the
innocent victims with wild outcries that
only ended in faint mews behind the
cloth thrust into her mouth. A dynasty
neared its end under the thief’s gaze.

  An animal-like snarl was stifled in
Raid’s throat. With unreasonable incon-
sistency he ignored his own capture of
Lady Thrine such a short while ago,
when he had held his sword-tip to her
breast; Karlk had dared to lay hands on
this woman!

  If the magician would have but glanced
over his shoulder he would have seen the
torchlight glittering on the naked steel,
but his eyes were occupied with the ad-
vancing soldiery. Slowly his fingers rose
to their chest levels.

Some sixth-sense of premonition awak-
ened in the king. He paused with one
foot on the top step, a hand on his sword,
and sought to peer into the obscurity of
the passage. "Who is there?” he asked,
as the guardsmen halted uncertainly be-
hind him.
THE THIEF OF FORTHE

15

 “Your destiny, oh Thrall!” laughed
Karlk. "Can you die like a king?”
Thrilled with his supremacy, obsessed
with revengeful hatred of the dynasty and
its ruler, and seething with concealed fury
over his recent treatment, the magician
was oblivious to any possible danger from
his rear until the swift patter of racing
sandals warned him—too late. Even
then, he half turned from his proposed
victim before the bright steel, swung in a
mighty arc, struck down to shear his right
arm from his side and sheathe itself deep
in the ribs. Shrieking, he fell, to writhe
on the stone flags.

 Raid looked at his sword. It was no
longer bright. "Damned wizard!” he
said.	1

  "Wait!” cried Thrall, as several guards
converged about the thief with ready
swords. "There is something here I do
not understand! Surround him but do
him no harm—yet!”

 Grimly, the king slashed Thrine's
bonds and extracted the cloth from her
mouth. In a second her lithe form was
upright and within the circle of menacing
steel about the prisoner. Gaping in be-
wilderment, the men lowered their
weapons.

 "Raid saved your life, brother! All
your lives, I think!”

 "Aye!” groaned the dying magician
through clenched teeth. "With his own
word the fool dethroned himself!”

 "If ever I seek a throne again,”
growled the thief, "I’ll do it with steel
and not with magical death from accursed
hands held on helpless men! You prom-
ised me a cleaner triumph, wizard! Why
did you not let me fight as a man
should?”

 "Karlk is not a man!” exclaimed Lady
Thrine.

 "No—not as you know men,” agreed
Raid. He shuddered, thinking of the
weird scene in the room where he had

been a prisoner. "Perhaps he never was.”

  "Of course he never was! Tear off the
disguise!”

  King and thief and awed guardsmen
stared at the Thing weltering in its blood
on the stone flags. No one made an ef-
fort to touch the dying form; the horror
and chill of intense malignancy pen-
etrated the nerves of the boldest. They
stared in silence, but no man moved.

  "Must I perform my own tasks?” de-
manded Thrine, imperiously.

  Her answer came from Karlk alone:
"No, my Lady! You discovered my se-
cret when I seized you, did you not?”

  Weakly, with fumbling fingers, the re-
maining hand grasped at the shaggy
beard, and a cry of amazement arose from
all save Thrine as the entire mass of hair
came off to disclose the pale, oval fea-
tures of a woman! The convulsive effort
threw bade the black hood, and long,
raven-black ringlets fell forth to spread
about the ashen cheeks.

  "By the Seven!” swore Thrall. "A
woman!”

  "Partly,” answered Karlk. The wiz-
ard’s—or witch's—eyes were beginning
to glaze. "And — partly — something
else.”

  One of the slender, white-furred arms
came from its concealment beneath the
dark folds and dipped into the spreading
pool of blood. The guardsmen cried out
in amazed terror; one dropped his torch
and fled. Thrine shrank against Raid's
side; only the instinctive habits of royal
self-control kept her on her feet.

  "Be not so horrified, Thrall!” admon-
ished the tortured lips. "Your own regal
blood, from the veins of an Ebon prin-
cess, flows on the stones this night!”

  "Blasphemer! What distorted brain in
a disfigured body gives you such
wild-”

"I have lived many times the life-
period of man,” interrupted Karlk. Her
16

WEIRD TALES

voice was gentler now; more in keeping
with the femininity of the patrician fea-
tures. "I saw your grandfathers born, oh
king, and I cursed them, one and all, as I
prepared for this day, upon which I have
so badly failed. Trusting, as I did, in a
mortal man to lift the bar from the sacred
chamber of the Necklace—I allowed my
own tool to turn its edge upon me. Oh
Nargarth, guardian Demon! To lie here
helpless while the powers I hold drain
out of me with my life-blood—strength
it took centuries to garner!”

 '"Why? Why covet my kingdom?”
asked Thrall. “There are many others.”

  "But I am of the Ebon blood! I be-
long, in part, to the double throne!
Remember, in your legends, when the
great white apes of Sorjoon were so
numerous, before the outraged people
hunted them down to death from the
high crags whereon they dwelt—how at
times they even dared to assault the city’s
walls and drag off screaming wretches to
their ghastly feasts? On one terrible day
a princess of Forthe became a captive.
She did not immediately—participate in
the cannibal orgies. She was — my
mother.”

Karlk’s voice grew momentarily
. weaker; the stunned listeners bent to
catch the low whispers as her choked
breath struggled in the distorted form.

  "The nether arms—are miniature repli-
cas of my father’s. You understand?”

  Thrine moaned and clung to Raid’s
bare forearm, forgetting he was a thief
and she a royal lady.

  "I cursed all men—all human races!
I was a monstrosity unfit for existence, of
no class or race. I fled the apes as I fled
mankind. I hated every living thing, for
none was like me. I was alone. In my
solitude I learned from the demons of the

forests—and the mountains—they did not
shun my deformities! If you enter—my
house—you will see the results of my
well-learned lessons, oh Thrall! I hope
they drive you mad!”

  '’No man shall enter the accursed
walls,” muttered the king. "Your house
will be burned and the remaining stones
ground to dust!”

  "My — poor — experiments! I had
planned—many more. Remember—the
one that barked? Ha! And he with the
pointed skull—who giggled?”

  Thrall half raised his blade to smite
the prone ape-woman, but malicious,
rasping laughter held him transfixed.

  "No need, oh king—and brother! My I
day is gone—the tide ebbs. Would that I
—I might—wreak some evil fate upon I
you—ere Nargarth’s minions come for I
me!”

  A cold wind burst forth suddenly amid I
the quiet night breezes, swirling through I
the passageway and tugging at the torch I
flares so hard that several were extin-1
guished. Icy, unseen fingers appeared I
to wrench at their clothing. Thrine I
screamed. As abruptly as the chilling!
gust of air had come, it departed, leaving!
a numbed cluster of humans and a curi-l
ously shriveled and for ever silent Thing!
crumpled on the stones. Karlk and all!
her ambitions had passed to the Outer!
Void.

  For a long minute the king and his I
guards remained in statuesque poses;!
then Thrall, his warrior spirits gainingJ
ascendancy as they were freed of super-1
natural awe, uttered a mighty roar.

  "Raid! My friend! My brother! I'lll
make you a baron! For this night’s work I
you’ll own the richest farms of Forthe.1!
I’ll—tv here is Raid?”

  Thrine laughed, shakily, and pointedl

                      W. T.—1
THE THIEF OF FORTHE

17

to the shrubbery of the gardens. Clusters
of foliage were still quivering from the
hasty passage of some moving object.

  "Raid!” shouted the king. There was
no answer; the leafy tangles stilled and
became motionless. "I meant him no
harm—nor punishment, though he de-
sired my throne. Why-”

  "He chose to go,” said Thrine, com-
placently, "so he went.’’

  "Well, we need have no fear of his
practising his profession in the castle,

henceforth. Paradoxically, though a thief
he is still an honest one. Now that we
are in his debt he will not take advantage
of it. I know men!”

  Thrine laughed.

  "You may be wise in the manner of
honor among kings and men, oh my
brother, but how little you know of their
hearts! Some day—Raid will be back!”

  "After fleeing? Back? For what?”

  "O king without eyes! For me, of
course!”

<57o

Virgil Finlay

Upon his Drawing for Robert Bloch’s Tale, "The 'Faceless God’

By H. P. LOVECRAFT

       In dim abysses pulse the shapes of night,

         Hungry and hideous, with strange miters crowned;

       Black pinions beating in fantastic flight

        From orb to orb through soulless voids profound.

      None dares to name the cosmos whence they course,^

         Or guess the look on each amorphous face,

       Or speak the words that with resistless force

         Would draw them from the halls of outer space.

      Yet here upon a page our frightened glance

        Finds monstrous forms no human eye should see;

      Hints of those blasphemies whose countenance
      Spreads death and madness through infinity.

      What limner he who braves black gulfs alone
      And lives to wake their alien horrors known?

X—2
ail'Break

By PAUL ERNST

Littell wanted to escape from prison, but the aftermath of his escape
was far worse than the prison itself

HE HAD to make the break soon.
He would die in here if he
didn’t. He was used to fine food,
good clothes, luxuries; used to women in
evening gowns, and cigars at fifty cents,
and soft beds and softly upholstered cars.
He couldn’t stand the harsh and terrible
life of prison. He had to get out of here
soon. Please God it would be now, to-
night. . . .

  Well, it would be tonight! Wasn’t
everything all ready for it? Then what
was he worrying about?

  Alfred Littell stood by the small barred
window of his cell. But it wasn’t barred
any more—at least not as the architect
had designed it. The center bar was out,
neatly sawed at top and bottom, just now
removed. The way was clear from this
grim cubicle into the prison yard.

  Littell shivered as he looked out.
Plenty of reasons to shiver. One was that
he was stripped to the skin, and the night
was cold. A naked plump form in the
dimness, he shrank from the breeze seep-
ing in. Another was the sight of that
prison yard; brilliantly lighted, surround-
ed by a twenty-foot stone wall whose top
was set with towers at regular intervals.
In the towers were guards with machine-
guns ready to mow down anyone mad
enough to try to cross the yard and scale
the walls in the glare of the searchlights.
A third reason was—the stuff which was
supposed to enable him to cross that yard
and scale that wall unharmed.

  Fantastic stuff! Incredible! Given to
    18

him by Harley, who hated him as few
men have ever learned to hate.

, It was because Harley hated him so,
that Littell had snatched at the possibili-
ties of truth in the mad business. From
no other man would he have accepted
such a remedy, nor have dreamed of try-
ing it, no matter how desperate his urge
to escape from prison. But Harley's
hatred made it plausible.

  He had heard of it in a roundabout
way, from a cellmate he'd had a short
while ago when the prison was over-
crowded.

  "Old Doc Harley says he has a sure
way of crushing out of here.”

  "How?”

  "He won’t tell. But he says it’s cer*
tain.”

  That was all. Littell hadn’t permitted
his interest to show. But he had thought
a lot.

  Doctor Harley was a brilliant man.
Before the judge had sentenced him to
twenty years and Littell to life, he had
been a famous bacteriologist and biolo-
gist, a man of great intellect. The wonder
was not that he had discovered a way to
break jail, but that he hadn’t discovered ,
it sooner.

  There was the guarded talk in the
prison yard a few weeks later.

   "I hear you’ve hit on a way out of here,
Harley.”

  Harley’s eyes were contemptuous gzxf I
ice as they rested on Littell’s face.

  "You slinking rat!”

  For his was a hatred almost sublime ia 1
JAIL-BREAK

‘He would simply stand there, blending
■with the trees."

 5

PMER8

jpfipiM

ImsmMm

mMr

its scope. That, Litteli knew, was because
the plan he had evolved had not quite
succeeded. A little slip. One any man
might make. And it had seemed a risk
anyone would take, when the stakes were
considered.

  Half a million dollars! That was the
heritage Litteli would have split if the
murder of his ward, Elizabeth Moore,
had gone undetected. And God knows it
should have succeeded. Litteli could still
glow when he thought of the subtlety of
the plan.

  The sub-microscopic germs of psittaco-
sis, a thing most people couldn’t even
pronounce, let alone understand. Dread

virus of the parrot disease that could kill
like a flaming sword, but subtly, undc-
tectably. A virus obtained through Doc-
tor Harley, eminent Government author-
ity, whose daughter had secretly disgraced
herself to such a degree that Harley could
be blackmailed into anything through fear
of her exposure. Death for Elizabeth
Moore; half a million dollars almost in
the hand.

  And then they had been caught.

"Don’t keep thinking it was my fault
we were tripped up,” he said urgently.

"It was just bad luck-”

"It isn’t because we were caught that I
could cheerfully see you burned at the

                                           19
20

WEIRD TALES

stake. It's because you found the one way
to force me into the hellish business in
the first place. But I suppose you wouldn't
understand that. You abysmal scum!'1

Littell had to take it. If he didn’t get
J out of this place of stone and steel
and brute-faced guards soon he would go
mad. And in Harley lay the possibility,
according to his cellmate.

  He had looked furtively around to
make sure none could hear.

  "MacQueen says you have a way of
escape."

  The gray ice of Harley’s eyes had light-
ened at that. He had laughed, long and
loud, for the first time since the walls of
the penitentiary enclosed him.

  "Ssh!” Littell had said frantically.
“You’ll attract attention-”

  ’"What of it? So you heard about that,
did you? And you come crawling to me
for further details. To me! That’s good.”

  Words, laugh and look had stung like
whips. But Littell would have taken any-
thing with the possibility of a jail-break
in sight.

  “You have a way out, Harley?"

  “Wouldn't you like to know!"

  That was all for that day.

  Littell kept after the hawk-eyed man.
He believed Harley did have a way out.
Prisons aren’t built to confine minds like
Harley’s.

  But for maddening day after madden-
ing day, Harley only laughed at him
when he cringed up to him in the prison
yard. Then had come the day when he
looked at Littell with savagely thoughtful
eyes.

  “By God, it would serve you right if I
told you."

  Quick! Catch him up on it!

  “Why? Is there a catch to it?" Littell
had fawned.

  “A catch? That’s a weak word, scum.

There’s hell in it such as a brain like
yours couldn't comprehend.”

  “But what is it, Harley? What’s your
way out of here?”

  For answer, only the maddening laugh
that drew the eyes of guards and other
prisoners alike. Drew their eyes, and also
answering grins. For all there knew how
Harley loathed the big soft man with the
paunch who had killed a girl with the
virus of psittacosis.

“I’ll bet it isn’t sure after all, Harley.”
“You know damned well it is." Har-
ley’s amused, icy eyes drilled Littell’s
bloodshot brown ones. “You know I’ve
got brains enough to figure a way out."

   “If it’s sure, why don’t you use it your-
self?”

   “I told you. There’s hell in it. Person-
ally I’d rather stay here than face the con-
sequences of that particular escape.”
“Consequences worse than—this?” Lit-
tell had chattered hysterically, staring
around at the grim yard.

  "Decidedly worse,” nodded Harley,
icy, amused.

  "What?” begged Littell. "What are
the consequences?"

  "Wouldn’t you like to know?”

  More maddening days. And then Lit-
tell had hit upon the method of prying
Harley’s secret from him. The brain that
had thought of parrot’s disease as a mur-
der method was keen enough to find a
way out here. It lay through the man’s
hatred.

  "Maybe your way of escape would be
painful, or something. But what do you
care? I’m the one who would be facing
these consequences you talk about. And I
you certainly aren’t interested in sparing
me any grief.”

  Harley’s laugh had not rung out, for
once. Again that bitterly thoughtful look I
had slid into his gray eyes.

   "Maybe it isn’t as bad as you think,” I
urged Littell.
JAXL-BREAK

21

  ”1 don’t think—I know."

  "I'll take a chance. And you can find
out from my reaction whether you could
tty it yourself.”

  "I have tried it—enough to get a hint
of the aftermath. Just a little as an ex-
periment. I tell you, prison is better.”
"Let me judge that for myself.”

 "By God—it would serve you

right-”

  It had worked, slowly but certainly.
Harley had come around, not, Littell
knew well enough, because he was will-
ing to help him, but because the brilliant
doctor saw a way of revenge.

  Harley had told him. And the thing
he told had made Littell question his
sanity, at first.

 "You know what a chameleon is,
scum?”

  "Sure. A little lizard that changes
color to match whatever it’s resting on.”
"Aren’t you the cunning rat! Yes. A
lizard of the genus Chamceleo. I worked
with ’em in the Government lab. I iso-
lated the hormone which causes their
pigmentation to change color. I went
further. Just before you forced me into
the sweet-smelling scheme which deserv-
edly sent us here, I reproduced this hor-
mone synthetically, with common chemi-
cals.”

  "Well?” Littell had said, frowning
perplexedly.

  "Well, rat. A chameleon could crawl
out of here pretty easily, couldn’t it? If it
took on the color of these stone walls, a
guard wouldn’t see it crawling up one of
them, would he?”

  The thing was so fantastic that it had
taken a little while for Littell to grasp it.
But long before the next yard period, he
was burning and shivering to talk to
Harley again.

  "You mean you've got some stuff that
will make you invisible if you take it? So
you can walk out of here?”

  "Not invisible, scum. The color of
whatever background you have, that's all.
And it's not too perfect.”

  "What is it? A sort of drug you swal-
low that gives you chameleon qualities?”
Harley had nodded, eyes savage, bit-
terly undecided.

  "But my God, Harley, that’s tremen-
dous! Why don’t you use it?”

  No answer.

  "Those mysterious consequences of
yours?”

  A slow nod.

  "The hormones are odd things, Littell.
We have isolated many of them, and
some we can reproduce. But they’re of
the stuff of life, and still essentially un-
known. This particular one does some-
thing to you besides making your skin
pigmentation change to match your back-
ground. Some terrible freedom of the
mind, perhaps. Some sixth sense which
opens up—and which should for ever
remain a blind spot.”

  "I don’t understand.”

  "Neither do I, rat. But there you are.”
"What does it do besides changing
pigmentation?”

  "You see things.” The icy gray eyes
were staring at Littell's face—but obvi-
ously not observing it.

That was all Littell could get out of
him. You saw things. It was a way
out of prison. But its aftermath was sup-
posed to be horrible.

  Littell went to the prison library and
read all he could find on chameleons,
particularly Chamceleo vulgaris. The fac-
ulty that lizard possesses of changing
color, he was informed, was due to the
presence of contractile, pigment-bearing
cells placed at varying depths in the skin.

  Hell, the human body didn’t have con-
tractile cells. Or—did it? Pigment-bear-
ing, yes. He knew that. But were they
contractile, whatever that meant? Was
22

WEIRD TALES

human skin so made as to react to such
an agent as that described by Harley—
assuming the man hadn’t been simply
amusing himself by working up his hopes
on a hoax?

  The more Littell studied it, the less he
could determine. And of course he dared
ask no one who might know. You don’t
advertise an escape.

  “Have you got any of this stuff in here
with you, Harley?”

  "No, scum.”

 "Then how-”

  "It could easily be made. The ingre-
dients could be gotten from the prison
hospital. Potassium manganate is the
base.”

  Littell didn’t sleep nights. Harley was
grimly kidding him! Or was he? Human
flesh wasn’t like lizard flesh! Or, in re-
spect to contractile, pigment-bearing cells,
was it? You couldn’t actually break jail
by taking a drug! Or—could you?

  What was the secondary effect pro-
duced by Harley’s drug? What horror
lay in the thing that the man wouldn’t
use it himself, and was bleakly amused to
offer it to the fellow prisoner whom he
hated most on earth?

  Littell shuddered away from the mys-
tery, and decided to for get the whole
thing. And then, in the dining-hall, he
tried to sneak meat from the plate of the
man beside him. It took a lot to support
that soft paunch of his. The man beat
him up till he was a quivering, groaning
mass before the guards could intervene.

  "I’ve got to get out of here! I’ve got
to! I can’t stand it!”

  He sought again the man who loathed
the ground he walked on.

  "Harley, I don’t care what your drug
does to a man. I don’t care what the
aftermath is. Let me have some. There’s
a hack-saw blade in my cell, stuck with
chewing-gum in the angle-iron of the side
rail of my bunk. I can get out of my cell,

if there’s a way for me to get across the
prison yard and up the outer wall after
that. . . . Harley, give me some of that
drug.”

  "You fool!”

  "Maybe I am a fool. But I can’t stay
here any longer.”

  "You know I hate you. Yet you’ll take
a concoction from me and swallow it,
after I’ve told you the results are such
that I wouldn’t think of taking it my-
self?”

   "I’ve got to get out of here!”

  Across the yard, the man from whom
Littell had tried to steal food snarled at
him. Littell’s soft flesh crawled with
memory of the beating he had taken.
"Vve got to get away!”

  Then the day when Harley, with fero-
cious mockery in his eyes, slid a little vial
of blood-colored liquid into his hand.
Harley was occasionally called to the
prison hospital to help with cases that
baffled the regular physician. It had been
easy for him to get what he needed.

   "Here you arc, scum. Escape—if you’re
fool enough to take it. But remember,
there are some things worse than the pen-
itentiary.”

   "Nothing could be worse! I’ll risk what-
ever may happen to me—afterward.”
There were directions, delivered like
the vial: in bitter mockery.

  "Wait for a foggy night. This stuff
isn’t perfect. And it goes without saying
that you must take your clothes off and
go naked. Otherwise the guards would
be treated to the spectacle of a seemingly
empty suit of prison denim walking across
the yard. The drug doesn’t act on hair,
either, but the prison hair-cut takes care
of that, I guess. You're actually going
through with it, Littell?”

   "I am. If I’m caught, I’ll get solitary
for a little while, that’s all. They can’t
extend a sentence when it’s already’ life.”
JAIL-BREAK

25

  "You keep overlooking the main point,
rat. That is, the aftermath of taking this
hormone.”

  "You’d love to see me lose my nerve
and stay in here for the rest of my life—
with a way out in my hand, wouldn’t
you?’’ flared Littell. "To hell with your
aftermath!’’ He didn't have to take Har-
ley’s lip any longer. He’d got what he
wanted out of him. "And to hell with
you—no, no. I don’t mean that.”

  For it had suddenly occurred to him
that Harley could still spoil the thing.
All he had to do was speak to the warden.

  But Harley hadn’t spoken to anyone.
And this unnerved him, too. The man
actually wanted him to do it. Escape—
this way—must be horrible indeed. . . .

Horrible or not, he was going
through with it. So now he stood
in his cell, by the window with the bar
sawn out, shivering in the cold night
breeze, naked and ready to go. He had
swallowed the contents of the little vial.
Rather awful pain. Convulsions. Then
dear-headedness and a sense of giddy
lightness. He looked eagerly down at his
naked arm. Had the stuff really worked?

  The arm stood out white in the dim-
ness, perfectly apparent. He knew an
awful moment when he was convinced
that the whole thing was only an elabo-
rate, cruel hoax after all. Quite in line
with Harley’s hatred of him.

 But wait. His body was supposed to
take on the coloring of his background,
and he was holding it out in empty air.
He had got up from his bunk, walked to
the wall, and laid his arm against it.

  And cold sweat broke out all over his
naked body. He could still see it, white
and distinct against the stone.

  He had fallen to the cold floor on his
knees, with his face in his hands and his
breath whistling out of distended nostrils,
A grim jest of Harley’s after all. . *

  The guard for this cell block had
walked past, light flashing carelessly in.
The rays had fallen squarely on Littell.
He had waited dully for the guard to
order him back to his bunk, for the rays
to flash higher and reveal the bar he had
sawn before swallowing the blood-red
fluid. And the guard had passed on with-
out saying a word.

  It was all right, then. God in heaven,
it was all right. He could see himself,
but somehow others couldn’t see him.
The effect of the drug must have included
the pigmentation of his eyes in some odd
way that let him see that which others
could not. . . .

  What had Harley said? "You see
tilings-”

. He shoved that out of his mind as he
stood naked before the window. First get
out of here. Then worry about the conse-
quences brought in the train of the draft.

  The fog outside whirled more thickly.
It was thin at best; only wisps here and
there. But Littell hadn’t had the patience
to wait for a foggier night. He drew
himself with difficulty through the all-
too-narrow aperture opened by the re-
moved bar.

  It wasn't till he was hanging outside
the cell window that the most fearful
thought of all occurred to him.

  What if that stuff was only colored
water? What if the man who hated him
had gone to these lengths to build up in
his mind a baseless dependence on its
powers? What if he really hung here as
a human body in full view of any guard
who cared to see, instead of as a chame-
leon-like mass melting into the back-
ground of stone?

  That would be a sardonic joke to
Harley. To stuff him full of scientific
poppycock, placing him here as a helpless
target for machine-gun bullets.

  The nerves of his back crawled as he
24

WEIRD TALES

hung there against the wall with the
floodlights full on him. He could fairly
feel slugs tearing into him from the
watch towers. Of course he was visible.
The guard who had flashed his light on
him must have seen him after all and
have passed on indifferently, thinking he
was praying. He was going to die. . . .

  But no slugs came. He hung there for
what seemed two full minutes, with the
light strong on him, and no shots sounded
out.

  He dropped. It was fifteen feet to the
yard pavement. Strong chance of a
broken leg. But he had not dared to
make a rope of bedding. That would
show against the wall, even if he did not.

  He stood blinking, with the dazzling
lights on him. He couldn’t seem to see
fog wisps at all, now, though they had
been apparent from his window. Those
lights! Surely, surely he would be seen.
Then fog shreds swirled once more.

He walked slowly across the court-
yard toward the high outer wall.
Perhaps if he walked like that, instead of
making a dash for it, he would be hailed
instead of shot at once.

  But still no slugs came. And he began
to thrill wildly with a sense of achieve-
ment. He was going to make it! Harley’s
drug was all he claimed it to be! There
was no chance of a mistake now—no
living thing could have crossed that yard
as he was crossing it, unless it was hidden
by the chameleon-like power of taking
on the absolute tint of the paving-stone
over which he moved!

  He looked up at the nearest tower.
Distinctly he could see the guard in there,
gun slung across his arm. The guard
wasn’t looking right at him, but he was
gazing in his direction, and he made no
sign.

  Littell got to the wall, keeping as much
as possible in the thin fog swirls that

danced slowly over the courtyard almost
like slowly dancing wraiths.

  The wall was made of rough stone. A
glance could tell that a desperate man
might ascend that wall, clinging fly-like
to the slight roughnesses. That didn’t
matter. The warden didn’t worry about
the walls. Not with those towers spaced
on them, and the vigilant machine-
gunners.

  He’d worry about them from now on,
Littell exulted, as he clung with grasping
fingertips and bare toes for his first step
up. There were going to be a lot of
escapes over these walls. For he had it
already worked out in his mind. He
would pay Harley for the formula of this
stuff, and then sell the drug to other
prisoners who wanted to break out.

  He had started his slow and painful
ascent between two towers. But the
roughnesses making ascent possible slant-
ed toward the tower on the left. Littell
began to know fear again as he drew near
that tower and the top of the wall at the
same time. He had come a long way, in
powerful light, without being seen. But
Harley had admitted that the drug was
not perfect.

  He searched over and over again for
possible handholds away from the tower.
But the only ones offering a chance were
inevitably in that direction. . . .

  "Hey!”

  The voice of the guard in the near
tower rang out as Littell had his hands
over the top of the wall. Littell froze
there, heart hammering, sweat freezing
on his body. He caught a ragged sob
behind closed lips before the sound could
betray him. To get so far, and then be
caught. . . .

  He hung there, as motionless as—as a
chameleon in the light. But no chattering
shots followed the challenge. Only awful
silence in which Littell could fairly feel
the gaze of the guard on him. Then,
JAIL-BREAK

25

from the next tower, came a voice:
"What’s the matter, Pete?”

  "I thought I saw something move on
the wall,” said the near guard. "Looked
like a guy climbing. But I don’t see it
now. Guess it was the fog—or else I’m
nuts.”

  For minutes Littell hung there. Then
nearing exhaustion warned him that he
must move again. Ke wasn’t made for
this kind of thing. He wasn’t trained for
it. His body was soft with fat living on
the income from Elizabeth Moore’s for-
tune, which he had handled till she was
twenty-one.

  He drew himself slowly up to the top
of the wall, lay there till he saw the near
guard look in the opposite direction, and
then rolled across. There, he hung by
his hands and dropped. An even longer
drop than the one from his cell window.
But he was free! Free!

  He could have shouted and sung. But
he did neither. He ran. He ran till his
lungs were bursting, through the outly-
ing street of the small town in which
the penitentiary was located. He had to
get clothes, now, and get away from here
before the cell block guard sauntered by
on his next round and saw an empty
j cell. . . .

A woman was coming toward him
along the deserted sidewalk. Littell
abruptly slowed his pace. He hadn’t seen
her before. She must have turned sud-
denly out of one of the houses lining the
street. The walk had seemed empty, then
I—-there she was.

  He started to race across the street,
I then remembered the fantastic thing that
protected him.

  He stepped to a big tree beside the
Jwalk, and leaned against the rough bark.
He would simply stand there, blending
with the tree, till she had passed.

I She came closer, walking slowly but

evenly. In spite of his knowledge of the
way he was shielded, Littell shrank back
against the tree bole.

  She came up to where he stood, and
stopped there. She half turned on the
walk till she was facing him. And she
looked squarely at him.

  Looked squarely at him. And saw him!
After ten terrible seconds Littell knew
that. There was no mistaking the com-
prehension of her level gaze.

  And then he saw who the woman was,
and all else was lost in that tremendous
realization. Scream after scream strug-
gled to his lips and burst soundlessly
there, unable to tear free.

  "Murderer!” said the woman.

  And her face was the face of mur-
dered Elizabeth Moore!

“Tt beats me,” said the warden, stand-
ing with the cell block guard and
the prison doctor in Littell’s cell. "He
had the bar all sawed and ready for an
attempted escape. And then he commits
suicide by swallowing that stuff. What
did you say it was?”

  "Strychnin, mainly,” said the doctor.
"I suppose he got it from the prison
hospital.”

  "All ready to try to crush out, and he
takes strychnin,” repeated the warden.
"Maybe he took one look at the way the
yard was lighted, realized he hadn't the
guts to try a break for the wall, and
downed the poison in a fit of despair.”

  "Maybe,” shrugged the doctor. "But
what I’d like to know is why he took ail
his clothes off before doing it. What on
earth did he have in his mind when he
did that?”

  The warden grunted and looked at the
flaccid body on the lower bunk. In death
as in life, Littell was the opposite of at-
tractive.

  "Stir-simple, I guess. Anyway, who
cares?”
Uhe T/r

Whistling Corpse

By G. G. PENDARVES

A gripping weird tale of the sea—of the thing that walked in the
fog—and the terror that stalked on board an ocean liner.

HY, Steevens, whatever is the
matter? You look as if you'd
seen a ghost."

  "And if I haven’t, it’s by the mercy of
Providence,” replied the chief steward,
"though what we may see before this trip
is over is something I don’t want to think
about.”

  Mrs. Maddox stared. She’d been stew-
ardess on board the S. S. Dragon for the
past five years, worked under Steevens
all that time, and knew him for the most
even-tempered, easy-going creature that
ever sailed in a ship. She felt a nasty sen-
sation of goose-flesh and clutched her
bundle of clean white towels a trifle more
tightly in her arms.

  "Good gracious me! Well, what is it?
You’re getting me all in a dither!”

  "They’ve — they’ve opened Number
14!”

  She frowned, blinked, and several
towels slid unnoticed to the floor.

  "Not the 14? Not 14 on deck A?
No!”

  Her voice rose discordantly, and Steev-
ens w'as recalled to his duty by its sudden
stridency.

  "S-s-s-sh! D’you want the passengers
to hear? They’re going dowfn to dinner.
Second bugle’s sounded.”

  They were standing in one of the linen-
rooms, a narrow slip near a main com-
panionway. Mrs. Maddox turned a white,
stricken face.

  "Tell me, quick!”

   "Captain’s orders! This is his first com-
mand. He’s young, thinks he knows
26

everything. Isn’t going to keep a first-
class stateroom locked up on his ship. I
heard the end of a row him and the chief
was having. Mr. Owen up and told him
as the owners knew all about it. And the
Old Man said he was going to show the
owners there wasn’t no need to lose
money every trip.”

  "Steevens!” Mrs. Maddox looked sud-
denly far older than her forty-eight years.
"If I hear that whistling again I’ll—I’ll
lose my reason and that’s a fact.”

  He had no comfort to offer. The man’s
cheerful, weathered face wore the same
look of dread as her own.

  "You can't tell the cap’n anything.
But wait till he hears it too!”

  "And when he does”—she turned on
him with a fury of demoralizing fear—
"what good’s that going to do us all?
It’ll be too late then. The door’s opened
now and it’s out again . . .it’s out!"

First-class passengers were making
their way to the dining-saloon for the
first meal on board. The S. S. Dragon
had left Liverpool landing-stage only two
hours ago; so people straggled in without
ceremony, tired from the bustle of em-
barkation, agitated about the preliminaries
of settling down on board; the majority
either wound up to a pitch that sought
relief in floods of talk or preserved stony
silence that would have done credit to
tombstone effigies.

  Mark Herron, a boy of ten, traveling
in the captain’s care, stood in hesitation at
the entrance to the dining-saloon. One
           THE WHISTLING CORPSE	27

of the passengers, a Mr. Amyas, put a
friendly hand on his shoulder.

  "Coming in?”

  Without hesitation now, Mark smiled
up at the brown, wrinkled face with its
piercingly black eyes.

  "Waiting for someone, eh?”

  "No.” The boy’s voice was as attrac-
tive as his slate-gray eyes that concen-
trated so eagerly on anything or any-
one that attracted his attention. His rough
shock of brown hair and equally rough
brown tweeds made him look somewhat
like a very intelligent, well-bred dog.

  "I’m traveling alone,” he confided.

"I’ve been ill and Captain Ross knows
Dad and told him I’d be better for a sea-
trip. I’m going to Java and back on this
ship.”

  The gipsy-black eyes twinkled. "That’s
my program too! We’ll keep each other
company—eh? My name’s Amyas. And

you’re-?”

  "Mark Herron, sir.”

  "All right, then. Now, let’s plunge
into the jungle and see what we can catch
for a meal.”

  The little man made for a table over
on the port-side, one of the smaller tables
where some member of the staff had al-

"He knew at last what fear oi the
unknown meant."
28

WEIRD TALES

ready begun his meal. As Mark and his
new friend approached, the man looked
up. Immediately he sprang to his feet,
welcoming hand outstretched.

  "How are you, Amyas? I’m delighted!
Who’s this you've got in tow? A stow-
away?”

  Mark was introduced to the ship’s doc-
tor. Mr. Amyas sat down. The boy stood,
looking with bewildered frown at the
third and only vacant place.

  Doctor Fielding laughed. "What’s the
matter? Something wrong with that
chair?”

  The boy’s face grew red. He looked
from the doctor to Mr. Amyas with em-
barrassed reproach. "Oh—but-” He

glanced apologetically at the third place,
then moved hastily to a table near by and
sat down there.

  The two men stared at Mark. Covered
with confusion, he was pretending to
study a large menu-card.

  "Must think we want - to be by our-
selves.”

  Mr. Amyas got up and crossed over to
the boy's table. "Come and join us. What
d’you mean by refusing to sit down with
a friend of mine—eh?”

  Mark glanced back at the other table.
His face cleared. He went back with alac-
rity and slipped into the empty place.

  "I think he was angry,” he looked from
one to the other of his companions’ blank
faces. "He’s gone out without any dinner
at all.”

  Then, as they continued to regard him
with expressionless eyes, he laughed.

  "Is it a joke, or something? That man
didn’t think it funny, anyhow, when you
wanted me to sit down on top of him.”

  "What was he like?” The doctor’s
voice held a sudden arrested note of
breathless interest.

  "Didn’t you notice him?” Mark mar-

veled. "Such a queer man, too! A yellow
sort of face, very lined and cross, and
he’d blade hair—like the Italian organ-
grinder who comes round with his mon-
key at home.”

  "Did you—did you happen to notice
if he wore a ring?” The doctor seemed
quite amazingly interested.

  "Yes. A very big one, rather dull and
funny-looking! I thought he must be a
foreign prince. Like the ones in the pa-
pers, you know. Going off somewhere
because they’d taken his throne away.
That’s what he looked like.”

  Doctor Fielding put his arms on the
table, leaned forward, regarded the boy
with a strange look of awe.

  "Look here! You’re the kid the cap-
tain’s looking after—the great Arthur
Herron’s son?”

  Mark nodded, his face glowing at the
admission.

  "H-m-m! Captain Ross said you were
a bit of a wizard yourself with your pen-
cil. You can draw?”

  Mark nodded again with calm confi-
dence.

  "Could you, by any chance, draw from
memory the man you saw sitting here?”
The boy smiled and pushed aside his
soup-plate. He turned the menu-card face
down, dug a pencil out of a pocket and
set to work. Both men watched intently,
Mr. Amyas interested in the peculiar mix-
ture of child and artist, the doctor wholly
absorbed in the portrait growing under
the small, amazingly sure hand. The
table steward removed three plates of cold
soup and put three portions of fish dowa j
with bored resignation. He hovered with
a dish of potatoes, caught a glare from the
doctor and went to bestow his vegetables
elsewhere.

  Mark handed his sketch to Doctor I
Fielding, who regarded it long and frown- I
THE WHISTLING CORPSE

29

ingly. Finally he got to his feet. His face
was grave.

  "Sorry! You’ll have to excuse me. I’ve
—remembered something urgent.’’

  He went out of the saloon with an air
of absent-minded haste and took Mark's
sketch with him.

  "Oh! Was it a prince, d’you think? Is
he going to look for him?”

  Mr. Amyas discussed the possibility,
then led the conversation to other things.
The two hit it off famously and went to-
gether, afterward, in uproarious spirits
to the billiard room.

The coolness in Captain Ross’s eyes
bordered on contempt as he looked
up from Mark’s sketch. Doctor Fielding’s
lean, clever face and tired eyes showed a
deeper weariness as he met that look.
Captain Ross was one who admitted no
breath from the chill void of eternity to
penetrate his materialism. It was a solid
wall about his thoughts.

  The doctor’s own mind, ever exploring,
seeking, experimenting, found no small-
est chink whereby to enter, yet he must
attempt it. If he failed, if Captain Ross
remained unconvinced, then the 5*. 5”.
Dragon would become a floating hell.

  "If the boy saw this man,” Captain
loss tapped the menu-card with impa-
tient gesture, "then the man must have
been sitting there.”

  "I did not see him, sir. Mr. Amyas did
not see him. The steward did not see
him."

  “But the boy did! He’s not a liar—I
happen to know that. If he told you he
saw the man, he did see him.”

"And I repeat — this man,” Doctor
Fielding indicated the drawing, "died on
this ship a year ago and his body was
mmitted to the deep. I saw it done."

  "All right, then. In that case there is

a passenger on board who bears an ex-
traordinary resemblance to him. That
doesn’t pass the bounds of possibility.
Your idea of a revenant- does.”

  A knock at the door interrupted them.
The first mate, Mr. Owen, entered.
Steevens and Mrs. Maddox followed.

  "Ah!” the commander's frosty blue
eyes regarded them quizzically. "You
three, I understand, were on this ship a
year ago when Number 14 on deck A
was sealed up?”

   "Yes, sir,” replied the first mate.

  The other two made muffled sounds of
assent and endeavored to exchange glances
while presenting blank, respectful faces
to Captain Ross.

  "D’you recognize this, Mr. Owen?”

  The chief bent over the table to exam-
ine Mark's sketch, then straightened him-
self with a jerk. His ruddy face was sud-
denly a sickly brown. He averted his eyes
from the sketch as from something that
shocked him profoundly. His voice came
with a queer uncontrolled jerk.

  "Yes, sir! It’s—it's him!”

  "I must ask you to be more explicit.
Him?”

  "Vernon—Eldred Vernon! Where . . .
how-?”

  He stopped, and thrust shaking hands
deep into his pockets. Captain Ross
turned his scornful, impatient glance to-
ward the steward and stewardess.

  "Come on! Come on! Let’s get this
farce over!”

  Timidly the pair advanced and peered
reluctantly at the card thrust before their
eyes.

  "Well? Speak, can’t you! Is this your
old friend, Vernon?”

  "God save us—yes!” muttered Steev-
ens. He fell back from the pictured face
in horror.
30

WEIRD TALES

  Mrs. Maddox gave a terrified squawk
and clutched him by the arm.

   "A-r-r-r! A-r-r-r! It’s him again! Take
it away! I won’t look at it! A-r-r-r-”

  "Be quiet,” barked the captain. "Take
her over to that chair, Steevens. You two
have got to stop here while this affair is
settled once and for all.”

  He looked from one tense face to an-
other and his eyes sparkled with temper.

   "You all agree, it seems, that this boy’s
drawing resembles—who’s the man?”

  "Eldred Vernon, sir—the late Eldred
Vernon,” replied the doctor.

  ’’Eldred Vernon, yes. The man who
was murdered on this ship in May of
1935.”

  "’The man who murdered Mr. Lack-
land, sir,” softly corrected the first mate.

  "Murderer, or murdered, it’s all one
now. The point is, he’s dead.”

  A deep, unassenting silence answered
the statement. Four pairs of eyes ex-
pressed complete unbelief in it.

  "A pretty lot of fools I seem to have
on board! What is this mystery? Doctor
Fielding, will you have the goodness to
make a clear, sensible statement of the
facts? The facts, I said, mind you. I
don’t want a fairy-tale packed with super-
stition and ghosts.”

  "Did you read the log for May of
1935?” asked the doctor. "And did the
owners explain their reasons for leaving
Number 14 sealed up?”

  "Yes, to both questions. But don’t
forget that my predecessor, Captain Bra-
kell, was a very sick man when he entered
up that log. The owners had the facts
from him—a sick man’s delusions! I
attach no value to them. I said as much
in the office at Liverpool, gave my opin-
ions. They understood that I proposed
to run my own ship in my own way. I

will allow no tomfool nonsense to inter-
fere with it.”

  The doctor’s face showed a stain of
painful color.

  "You are very much mistaken, sir, in
thinking that Captain Brakell was ill
when he entered up the log. He was a
very sound man, sound and sane and
healthy. His mind then, and to the end
of his days, was particularly clear. He
was a man of enviable courage and
strength and determination. Otherwise
he could never have done what he did.”
There was a stir and murmur of assent
in the small, brightly lit room.

  "Captain Brakell collapsed only on
reaching port. He brought his ship home
first. He brought her home with that
devil, Eldred Vernon, imprisoned in
Number 14.”

  "You mean Vernon didn’t die during
the voyage, after all? You have already
told me you saw his body committed to
the deep.”

   "I repeat that I did. But Eldred Ver-
non’s devil lived on—an audible and vis-
ible thing.”

  "And I repeat that I don’t believe a
syllable.”

   Again color painted the doctor’s sallow
face an angry red.

  "Words mean nothing,” he answered
curtly. "Words mean nothing. Captain
gave his life to make his ship safe. He
was heroic, I tell you. Faced terrific odds,
and won by sheer strength and goodness,
He cornered that crafty devil, Vernon.
He couldn’t destroy him—that was be-
yond even his wisdom, but he managed
to imprison him, to make his ship safe,
And you--”

He broke off, remembering he and
the captain were not alone. There
was an awkward pause. Captain Ross sat
with broad, well-kept hands folded on
THE WHISTLING CORPSE

31

the table before him. Aggressive unbelief
depressed the corners of his long, firm
mouth. His upper lids drooped quizzi-
cally over cold inquiring eyes. Doctor
Fielding sighed, paused as if to marshal
inner reserves of strength, then began
again on a new flat note of narrative de-
void of emotion.

  "The whole thing started with an af-
fair between Guy Lackland and Eldred
Vernon’s very young, very lovely wife,
Kathleen Vernon. It blazed up tropically
swift and hot. Lackland was attractive,
very! Nordic type. In love with life, with
himself, and above all with Kathleen Ver-
non. Brilliant, rollicking youngster. Ir-
responsible as a puppy off the lead. And
whistled like a blackbird.”

  A stifled groan escaped the stewardess.

  "It was a characteristic that features
largely in my tale, sir, Lackland’s whist-
ling. Dancing, swimming, deck-games,
strolling round—you could always keep
track of him by that trick he had of whist-
ling. But there was one tune he whistled
for one person alone—a sort of lover’s
signal. The tune was Kathleen Mavour-
neen.”

  Mrs. Maddox engulfed herself in a
large, crumpled pocket-handkerchief.
Steevens rubbed a bristly chin. The first
mate shifted his feet as if the deck had
rolled beneath him, and his throat muscles
worked convulsively.

  "Her name was Kathleen, as I said.
She was a dark, fragile, exquisite tiling.
Lonely and unhappy. Afraid of her hus-
band. Pvipe for a lover. And she fell for
young Lackland hard. Inevitably. I never
witnessed anything more heart-breaking
than her passion for him. Like seeing a
brilliant-tinted leaf riding the peak of a
monstrous tidal-wave. Swept past all bar-
riers. The pair of them—lost to every-
thing but youth and love—the glory of it!
Tragic young fools!”

  Captain Ross made no audible com-
ment. His set, obstinate face spoke fath-
omless misunderstanding.

  "Eldred Vernon was a good fifty. A
lean, secretive, silent man. Intellectual—
repellently so. His brain-power was ab-
normal. His reasoning faculties, will,
concentration were terrific. He’d devel-
oped them at the expense of every other
quality that makes a decent, likable hu-
man being. There was dark blood in him,
too. His swaying walk, a peculiar way of
roiling his eyes, the lines of jaw and skull.
Unmistakably negroid. The boy shows it
in his sketch here.”

  Captain Ross glared at it and grunted
noncommittally.

  "The ugliest thing of all was his jeal-
ousy. It’s a poisonous quality in anyone.
In Vernon it was satanic. He never inter-
fered, though. On the contrary, he ar-
ranged to throw them together quite de-
liberately. We didn’t begin to fathom his
motives, but the whole situation made our
blood run cold. There was none of the
ordinary scandal. The affair was too seri-
ous, everyone felt scared. I spoke to
young Lackland; so did others. One or
two of the women warned the wife. Both
of them laughed. Eldred Vernon laughed
too. It sidetracked the pair of them, the
way he laughed! She vowed her husband
didn’t care two straws what she did as
long as she left him alone. Incredible!
Everyone was afraid of what Vernon
would do except the two most con-
cerned.”

  Doctor Fielding dropped his cigarette,
which had burned down unsmoked be-
tween his fingers.

  "The inevitable crisis came. She gave
Vernon a sleeping-draft in his last whisky
one night, then went along to Lack-
land’s stateroom, Number 14 on A deck.
Waited for a moment. Heard him in-
side, moving about, whistling—whistling
Kathleen Mavourneen ”
32

WEIRD TALES

  "And how,” interrupted Captain Ross,
"do you come by this chapter of your
melodrama?”

  "She told me—later.”

  "You had the lady’s confidence, I see!
Perhaps after Lackland went you took

his-”

  "She was dying.”

  The doctor’s voice and steady eyes did
not waver. He went on like an au-
tomaton.

       went *nto Number 14 to find—
k> her husband! He was laughing, si-
lently, doubled up, tears of mirth on his
face. He tied her up and gagged her,
laughing all the time. Told her Lackland
would be late. He’d forged a note in her
writing, sent it to Lackland asking him
to wait, to come to Number 14 at mid-
night, not earlier on any account. Vernon
had counted on a lover’s obedience to any
whim. He was right.

  "Lackland came on the stroke of
twelve. Vernon was ready for him—with
a knife. In the struggle, Lackland got a
grip of the other’s throat. Vernon thrust
home. In his death-agony, Lackland’s
hands tightened, fastened like a vise.
Vernon was asphyxiated. A steward
found them both dead, lying locked to-
gether at Mrs. Vernon’s feet.”

  The bleak austerity in Doctor Field-
ing’s eyes checked comment.

  "That’s all of what you would call fact.
Mrs. Vernon died—brain-fever in the
end."

  "And they were all buried at sea? All
three of them?”

  Captain Ross looked not wholly un-
sympathetic.

  "Yes.”

  "Then I know the whole thing from
start to finish at last."

  "No, It is not finished yet, sir. Ver-

non knew the secret of perpetuating him-
self in the physical world even without
his body. That had been lowered over the
side and I saw it done. But Vernon him-
self—his malicious powerful ego—has
never left this ship.”

  The captain’s softened expression was
instantly combative. "I’ve listened to your
story, to the end—to the very end! Thank
you, doctor. I’ve no time to speculate on
ghosts. Once and for all, I don’t believe
in the supernatural.”

  He turned to the others.

  "Before we break up this meeting, have
you anything to say? Mr. Owen?”

  The first mate was a Welshman, viva-
cious, sensitive, emotional.

  "The doctor’s not told you half, sir,” I
he burst out. "You don’t know what a
hell the ship was for days and nights,
God, those nights! Up and down the
deck—up and down, whistling—if you
could call it whistling.”

  "Whistling what? And what whis-l
tied?”

  Air. Owen was past being daunted by I
the captain’s glance.

  "A high, queer sort of sound, sir. No I
tune or anything. Went through your I
head like red-hot wire. What was it? I
Don’t ask me, sir! It doesn’t bear think-II
ing of.”

  "Exactly. That’s my complaint against I
you all. You refuse to think. This absurd!
legend of Number 14 would never have I
existed if you’d thought, and investigated.!
Anything more?”

  "I—we—there was the fog, sir! Andl
Steevens here saw-”

  "I’ll take him in turn. Fog?”

  "Yes, sir. Fog or sea-mist. The whist-l
ling seemed to come from it.”

  With a quick, irritable gesture, Captain!
Ross turned to the steward.

                     W, T.—2
THE WHISTLING CORPSE

33

  "Well? What’s your little contribu-
tion?”

  ''It’s true, sir. You’ll know for your-
self soon. The whistling and all! Some-
thing cruel! Drove you wild, sir! Aye,
and that Number 14! Locking the door
wasn’t no use; no, nor bolting it neither.
Chips did his mortal best. But every
morning it was burst open, and the bunk
-—covered thick with dirty foam! The
smell of it fair knocked you down, sir.
Like something that had rotted in the
sea.”

  Mrs. Maddox was obviously beyond
giving verbal support to these statements.
She sat shivering, white-faced, tears drip-
ping down her large, pale face to the
starched bib on her apron.

  Captain Ross got to his feet.

  "Thank jjou, Doctor Fielding. Thank
you, Mr. Owen. Steward! Report any
complaints about Number 14 on deck A
to me, if you please. The passenger who
is to occupy it is Colonel Everett, a per-
sonal friend. He is aware of the facts.
I’ve told him of the deaths that occurred.
The rest interests him even less than me.”

  "One moment.” The doctor followed
him to the door. "I shall tell your friend,
Colonel Everett, the exact nature of the
risk he is running.”

  "Do! He will laugh at you. He shares
my views of what you call supernatural
phenomena.”

  "You are exposing him to hideous
peril. It’s murder, sir!”

  Captain Ross looked bored and put his
hand to the door-latch.

  "One more thing.” The doctor’s man-
ner was that of a lecturer making his
points. "Eldred Vernon marks down his
victims methodically, and in every case
he gives twenty-four hours warning, a
signal of his intent to kill. He whistles
Kathlee?2 Mtwourneen. Last May, before
W. T.—3

Captain Brakell was able to seal up the
door you have opened, five passengers
heard that tune. Each one died in twenty-
four hours.”

  "Logged as dying of virulent influenza.
I gather the owners suggested your sub-
stituting influenza as your diagnosis in
place of ghosts?”

  "It was heart-failure from shock.”
"Quite. Well, Captain Brakell and I
had the same end in view. But we went
about it differently. He calmed down his
passengers by going through a ceremony
of sealing up Vernon’s supposed influ-
ence. I see more wisdom in letting sun
and wind and everyday life penetrate
Number 14. After this trip it will be a
chamber of horror no longer. I’ll have no
locked-up rooms on my ship. And any-
one who goes round encouraging a belief
in ghosts will lose his job and needn’t
apply to me for references.”

ood morning! Good morning!”

A brick-red, large gentleman at
the captain’s table, engaged in adding a
top-dressing of toast and marmalade to
previous strata of porridge, fish, and sau-
sages, spared an inquiring glance for a
limp young man who slid into a seat next
him. The young man had butter-colored
hair and looked as if serious consideration
of vitamins had been omitted from his
education.

  "Why ’good’? he moaned. "I’ve been
kept awake all night.”

  The brick-red gentleman was surprized.
"Eh? What? I slept like old Rip Van
Winkle.”

  The limp young man unfurled a table-
napkin with the air of one who drapes
a winding-sheet about him.

"China tea. This brown toast and
bloater paste.” He lifted an eyelid to a
hovering steward. Then, to his neighbor:
“Perhaps you’re married or live by
34

WEIRD TALES

a fire-station. I mean,’' he explained,
"whistlings and shriekings and stampings
just lull you to sleep! You on deck
A? No! I’m in Number 18. There’s a
damned nuisance of a colonel in 14.
Kept up an infernal racket last night.”

  "Pipe down, my lad, pipe down! He’s
a friend of the captain!”

   "Well, he’s going to have an *in loving
memory’ label on him soon! Never had
such a night.”

   A tall, straight ramrod of a man stalked
in, made his way to the table and took
the vacant place at the captain’s right.

   "I say!” bleated the butter-haired one.
"What’s the great idea of practising your
tin whistle all night? You may think
Number 14’s sound-proof. Is it? All
you've got to do is to come outside and
listen to yourself!”

  Colonel Everett drank down a cup of
coffee almost at a gulp, murmured some-
thing about the shortage of reliable
nurses, and gave an order to the steward.
A good many faces were turned toward
him. Other accusers gave vent to their
rancor.

  "If you’re the occupant of Number 14,
sir, I think it was damned thoughtless—
damned thoughtless of you!” And:

  "I’m not one of the complaining ones,
but the noise you made was unbearable.
My husband got up five times and
knocked at your door. And you simply

took no notice!” And:

  "Are you the person in Number 14?
I was just telling the captain that it’s dis-
graceful. After all, one does expect some
decency and quiet in first-class. My two
children were awake and crying all night.
No wonder! Such an uproar! Why, even
steerage couldn't be more rowdy.”

  "What is all this about the noise in
your stateroom?” asked Captain Ross.

  5'Someone’s idea of a joke.” Colonel
Everett’s face and manner were grim.

  The captain frowned at him and spoke
under his breath.

  "Were you pickled when you went to
bed, Tom?”

  "Don’t be a fool! You’ve known me
all my life. I never take more than four
whiskies a day.”

  "Then why didn’t you hear all the
din?”

  "Dunno! Unless I’m due for malaria
again. I felt deuced queer when I woke.
Dizzy. Couldn't get the hang of things.
Feel half doped now.”

  "Hm-m-m-m! Perhaps you are —
doped! This fool notion about Number
14 being haunted! Some maniac’s trying
it out on us. I'll put him in irons, who-
ever it is. I’ve given fair warning I’ll
have no more of their pet spook on my
ship.”

   Colonel Everett thrust his face forward.
Kis eyes glared. His lips stretched in an
ugly grin. His clear emphatic voice
changed to a thin dry rustling whisper.
"What are you going to do about it?”
Captain Ross’s fork dropped with a
clatter. He met the evil, malevolent stare
hardily, but his face grew white to the
lips. Quite literally, he was unable to
speak. His thick black brows met. Was
this Tom Everett? He didn’t recognize
the man he’d known so long and inti-
mately. Those cold eyes—hating, defy-
ing him! This was a stranger! An enemy!

   A voice broke the spell—a boy’s voice,
eager, confident, friendly.

  "How queer! I thought that was Colo-
nel Everett at first. He seemed to change.
It’s the man I drew last night. The prince
in disguise, you know.”

  Colonel Everett drew back, looked
round him with a frown. His face and
eyes were blank now. He seemed rather
THE WHISTLING CORPSE

35

shaken, like a man who'd been just
knocked down and winded.

  Captain Ross felt a sudden vast relief.
What an ass he was! Good heavens; he’d
actually felt afraid, afraid of good old
Tom Everett! The poor fellow was look-
ing ill and shaken. Distinctly under the
weather. He signaled to Doctor Fielding,
who came round to the head of the table
and put a hand on the colonel’s shoulder.

  "Come along with me; I’ll fix you up.
You’ve had a rotten night, I can see.”

  Dazed, swaying on his feet, Colonel
Everett allowed the doctor to guide him
out of the saloon.

IN the big, perfectly equipped kitchens
the breakfast episode was discussed
with terror.

  "I tell you he looked as like him for a
minute as makes no difference.” The
steward who waited on the captain’s table
was telling his tale for the eighth time
for the benefit of those detained on duty.
"One minute he was the colonel and next
minute he was him! The Old Man no-
ticed it and all! Looked as if he’d been
and swallowed a h’asp.”

  A brand new young steward spoke up.
"Who's this him when he’s at home?”

  "Someone you’ve not met so far, my
cocky. And when you do, you won’t crow
so loud.”

  Mrs. Maddox, trying to drown her fear
in floods of dark brown tea, intervened.

  "And how’s he going to know if no
one don’t tell him? Nay! I’m not going
to take his name on my lips. Someone
else can do it—that hasn’t heard nor seen
what I have on this ship.”

  Mr. Amyas and the doctor talked in a
corner of the deserted dining-saloon.

  "He went along to the smoking-room.
Revived as soon as we got outside, and re-
fused to go back to bed.”

  "Hm-m-m!” The little man pulled at
his short, pointed white beard. "Could
you hear what he was saying to the cap-
tain at the breakfast table?”

  "No. I saw enough, though. What
the boy said was right. He was Vernon
for a moment.”

  "Undoubtedly, Colonel Everett as Colo-
nel Everett will soon cease to exist.’’

  The doctor shivered, turned a stricken
face seaward. Remembrance of last year’s
horror surged back with every movement
of the restless, sunlit water.

  "Eldred Vernon’s taking possession of
the colonel’s body as one would a house.
He’s moving in,” continued Mr. Amyas.
"It’s barely possible that if the real owner
knew what was happening to him he
might defend his habitation, drive out the
intruder, but I doubt it. Evidence proves
Vernon to have unique power. History
has only produced two others on his scale.
There is the Black Monk of Caldey Is-
land, who has guarded his treasure there
since the Tenth Century. And there is
Lord Saul, a terror and a mystery since the
days of Attila, who tried to kill him by
fire and by the sword, and failed. Lord
Saul lives to this day.”

  "Vernon was bound and safely im-
prisoned once. Can’t we do it again?”
"You forget. A year ago Vernon was
newly divorced from his body. He was
taken at his weakest, before he’d learned
the laws, the possibilities of life in a new
element. In twelve months he’s learned
them, so effectively that he’s almost
achieved his great necessity—a human
body.”

  "Surely that will limit him? A dis-
embodied force is more awful than the
wickedest of men.”

  "No. He’ll gain the freedom of two
worlds. He can operate in or out of his
stolen body. And he can use the will and
energy of the dispossessed owner for his
•36

WEIRD TALES

own ends. It's a tremendous prize. He’ll
rank high in hell.”

  "But—how d’you know all this? You

speak as if-”

  "It’s a long, grim, unnerying tale.
Made an old man of me when I was in
my twenties, experimenting, like the mad
young fool I was then, in occult research.
Some day, if we survive, I’ll tell it."

  "Isn’t there the barest chance of saving
Everett? Can’t you make him believe?"

  "That’s what I don’t know. I can only
guess. It’s one of the things that doesn't
go by rule of thumb. Every crisis varies.
But there is a moment-”

They were interrupted by a scream,
sounds of running feet, a second
scream. Mr. Amyas turned, ran lightly
along to deck A with the doctor at his
heels. An excited group of passengers
was collecting there. The first mate ap-
peared. Inside the open doorway of a
lounge stood Steevens with several other
cabin stewards. They appeared to be
holding an agitated council of war.

  The first mate addressed this twitter-
ing little group. "What's all this?"

  "Sir! It’s Number 14. We saw-”

  "Get inside. I’ll come along.”

  He returned to the startled passengers.
"Nothing much.” His smile was reassur-
ing. "One of die stewardesses! She’s had
hysterics again. Husband died a few
weeks ago and she’s gone to pieces
over it.”

  "Very neat,” commended Doctor Field-
ing. "We’ll come with you to see what's
really happened.”

  Owen nodded. His eyes and mouth
looked strained. Outside the closed door
of Number 14 a huddle of white-coated
stewards waited.

  "It’s what it was before, sir,” whis-
pered Steevens. "The bunk was covered

with it. Foam—dirty gray foam—indies
thick! Right over the bunk, pillows and
all. And the smell—my Gawd!”

  Owen stood rigid, one hand on the
door-latch. Mr. Amyas saw him shudder,
caught the loathing on his face as he flung
open the door and went inside. Doc-
tor Fielding and Mr. Amyas followed
quickly. All three looked instantly at
the bunk. A pall of dirty gray foam
covered it, like the silt of a monster tidal
wave; the air was foul with the odor of
stale sea-water and things long dead.
Doctor Fielding scribbled a few v/ords in
his note-book, tore out the leaf and gave
it to the first mate.

   "Take that to the captain—at once!”
Thankfully the man escaped. A stew-
ard called after him.

  "If he wants this bunk made up he’ll
have to get another man for the job. I'd
sooner jump overboard. I’m not going
inside 14 again! He can put me in irons

—but I won’t—I won’t-”

  The first mate vanished beyond readi
of the man’s hysterical outburst. No one
paid any attention to it. All eyes were |
fixed on Doctor Fielding and Mr. Amyas I!
standing inside.

  "Quick!" cried the doctor. "Out of I
here!”

  Next moment, both were in the pas- [
sage, and the door fast bolted, but not [
before they’d seen the blanket of gray I
foam ripple and heave as if water surged I
beneath it. And as the door banged to, a I
sudden shrill whistling began—like the I
sound of escaping steam. Footsteps ap- I
proached, a firm, soldierly tread. Colonel I
Everett’s tall straight figure advanced I
down the long corridor. The whistling I
ceased abruptly.

  "What on earth? Are you playing I
'Clumps'? And why outside my door?” I
The colonel’s eyes, friendly and puz- i
zled, turned from the doctor's haggard 1
THE WHISTLING CORPSE

  face to meet the speculative watchful gaze
  of Mr. Amyas. lie put a hand to his
  head.

    "Better follow your advice after all,
 Doctor Fielding. I'm beginning to
 feel-

    Then, with appalling suddenness, he
changed. Voice, face, manner took on
the feral primitive hate of a jungle beast.
I He loomed over Mr. Amyas.

    "You’re one of the clever ones, you
I think—spying round, adding up, working
I out your little ideas! That’s puzzled you,
I I’ll swear!” He jerked his head toward
I the closed door; a wicked flare of laugh-
I ter leaped in his eyes. "Go on worrying
1 —I’m enjoying it! You’ll not get me
I caged up there again, though. I’m out! . . ,
I and I stay out!"

    Todd, the hysterical young steward,
I gave an odd, sighing cough and slid to
1 the ground. Steevens dropped beside
1 him, unfastened his collar, held up his
I head. The rest ran for it, bolted in panic,
I their feet thudding along the narrow pas-
I sage like a roll of drums.

    Under Mr. Amyas’s steady look the red
I glare died in Colonel Everett’s eyes, his
I convulsed features relaxed. He steadied
I himself by a polished brass handrail that
1 ran along the wall.

    "I thought—I thought someone called
 I me,” he said. "I feel a little dizzy!” He
 I looked vaguely from Mr. Amyas to the
 I unconscious Todd, then to Steevens.
 j "What’s been happening here? What the
 I deuce is wrong with everyone on this
 I ship?”

   "Colonel Everett!” Mr. Amyas was
 j profoundly serious. “Will you put preju-
 I dice aside? Will you be persuaded that
 I you are in danger? Will you believe that
 I this room is more poisonous than a rattle-
 I snake’s lair?” He gestured to the closed
 ldoor behind them. "Have you been in

since breakfast? No! Well, it's taking a

risk, but it may convince you.”

  He opened the door.

  "Well?” the colonel frowned. "What
is it?”

  But Mr. Amyas found no answer.
There was nothing to say. There was
nothing to see except the bunk with its
tossed bed-clothes—the flowered green
curtains fluttering at the open window—
the white enameled walls splashed by the
sun with golden light. Mr. Amyas closed
the door. The three men faced one an-
other in the corridor.

  "Is there any explanation for all this?”
The colonel, very large and indignant,
stood with a frown. He was answered by
a shrill, fierce whistle. It seemed outside
the room now. Todd, who had recovered
consciousness, glanced up, and fell back
in a dead faint once more. Steevens cow-
ered against the wall with mouth gro-
tesquely open. He pointed at Colonel
Everett.

  "Look! Look! It's him! „ „ , ah, ha
ha ha ha ha! ... it’s him!”

The doctor and Mr. Amyas shuddered.
"You’d better look out for yourselves,”
came a savage whisper. "You’d better
not interfere. Nothing can stop me. I'm
out!”

  A twisted mask of a face leered into
theirs.

  "Look out for yourselves!”

  On this last sneering menace, Colonel
Everett’s hand opened the door of Num-
ber 14. He went inside. The door
slammed to. The whistling shrilled
louder . . . higher . . , higher. . . .

*‘T7'og, sir! Been drifting round for a
-a/ couple of hours. I noticed it as soon
as my watch began.”

  Captain Ross glanced down from his
bridge toward the poop. There—among
coils of tarry rope and a mass of can-
38

WEIRD TALES

vas, iron, life-buoys, and other carefully
stowed gear—a patch of white, woolly
fog wavered and drifted. The captain
snatched up a pair of binoculars and
looked long and earnestly.

  "Go down and see,” he ordered.

  The third mate saluted and went. His
face was white as he turned to obey. Cap-
tain Ross watched while he made his way
to deck B and thence to the poop, saw
him go forward, hesitate, peer at the
eddying fog. Suddenly he threw up his
hands with a startled gesture and turned
to run.

  "Good God! It’s after him!”

   Captain Ross gripped the rail under his
hands as he spoke, and leaned over to
watch with eyes almost starting out of
his head. Stumbling, running, turning to
look back over his shoulder at the thing
that steadily pursued, the mate zigzagged
an erratic course. A woman’s shriek was
heard.

  An instant later, pandemonium rose
on deck B. Men and women struggled
from their deck-chairs. Some, entangled
in rugs, tripped and fell. Some were too
paralyzed by horror to move at all. Deck
stewards, serving tea-trays, let their bur-
dens tilt, and the crash of breaking china
added to the uproar.

  The third mate ran with open mouth,
his hands making queer flapping move-
ments, his eyes wild with terror. The fog
rolled up behind—closer—closer. A long
white wisp of it seemed to blow out like
a tentacle, touched the mate’s neck, curled
round it. The man yelled, put up clutch-
ing fingers. His cry died on a strangling
sob.

  Captain Ross roared out an order
through his megaphone. The mate was
down on his knees now. Over him the
fog circled and hovered. Several of the
crew came running; they were, so far,
more in awe of the captain than anything

else on board. They picked up the mate
and carried him off at a run, vanished
down a comp anion way.

  Captain Ross let out a great breath of
relief and put down his megaphone with
an unsteady hand. The cloud of fog was
blowing down deck again. Now it was
drifting round the poop. And from it the
captain heard a high, keening, intolerable
whistle, rising, falling, rising again to
torturing shrillness.

  For minutes he stood watching, listen-
ing. At last he set a double watch on the
bridge and went below. He knew at last
what fear of the unknown meant. He
knew at last that his ignorance and obsti-
nacy had put his ship at the mercy of
something he could not understand or
control.

  "Murder!” The word hammered and
clanged through his brain. "Murder!
That was the doctor’s word. Said I was
sending Tom to his death!”

  Passengers huddled in groups, whis-
pering, crying, cursing, utterly demora-
lized as he made his way through the
luxurious lounge toward the deck A cab-
ins. He knew it would be wise to stop,
to reassure them, to check the panic that
was running like wildfire in their midst.
He knew also that he couldn’t do it. His
brain was numb with shock. He couldn’t
console these terrified people. He was
terrified himself, sick and cold and stupid
with terror.

  He groaned as he hurried to Number
14. The door of the room stood wide
open. Sunset light painted it blood-red.
Its silence was horrible. A taunt—a
threat—a prelude to disaster! He saw
Mr. Amyas look in.

  "Where is he? Where is Tom Everett?”
Mr. Amyas did not at first reply. He
looked intently at the captain’s altered
face; then:

  "You know—at last?”
THE WHISTLING CORPSE

39

  "Yes, yes! I’ve seen—the Thing „ „ *
the damned whistling Thing!”

 Mr. Amyas nodded. "I was there. I
ran down to look for the colonel while
you were watching the mate. The cabin
was empty then. I’m afraid we’re too
late. He’s gone.”

 "Gone!” The word burst from the
captain’s white lips. He seized his com-
panion’s arm. His eyes were tortured.
"Overboard?”

  "No! No! It’s worse than that. El-
dred Vernon has become a permanent
tenant now.”

  Captain Ross frowned in a fierce effort
to follow the incomprehensible statement.

  "I mean that Vernon has taken pos-
session of your friend—body and soul!
Colonel Everett appears to be in the
smoking-room at this moment. In reality
he’s no more there than you or I. Vernon
possesses him. Vernon is walking and
talking in the body of Colonel Everett.”
''But Tom—Tom, himself! Where is
he, then?”

  "A slave in bondage. In bondage so
long as his body is possessed by Vernon.
Suffering the torments of the damned. He
is still able to think, to feel, to remember,
but he is helpless. Vernon has over-
powered him, taken his house from him.
He’s like a prisoner lying gagged and
bound in some dark cellar of it.”

 "Go on, Mr. Amyas, go on!” The
other's voice was harsh with grief. "What
will happen to my passengers—my ship
—to all of us, now?”

  "I do not know. I can only guess. But
I think not one of us will live to see land
again. Your ship may be found—some-
time—somewhere—a derelict, a mystery
like the Marie Celeste!”

  "There must be a way out. There must
be a way.”

  "Only by; destroying Eldred Vernon.”

  "How? How? D'you mean kill”—a
look of awful enlightenment dawned in
the captain’s eyes—“you mean—I must
kill—Tom Everett?”

  "I don’t know. I don’t know.” Mr.
Amyas’s brown face showed a network of
lines and wrinkles. "I can only recall an
affair I was once concerned in—an exor-
cism and a sacrifice—to drive out a devil.”

  "-to drive out a devil! Tell me

what you know!”

  And in the haunted silence of Number
14 Mr. Amyas told it.

olonel eve&ett! Colonel Ever-
ett!” Mark called after the tall
figure just stepping from the smoke-room
to the deck outside. "You promised to
tell me that tale about your tiger-hunt
after tea.”

  The man paused on the threshold and
half turned back to the boy. Mark, dash-
ing across to him, drew up with a start
about a yard away.

  "I beg your pardon. I thought you

were-” His serious slate-gray eyes

flashed to the man’s face, then to his dark
green necktie, his collar, his gray tweeds
—even his sports-shoes didn’t escape the
quick, keen scrutiny.

  "I—have you borrowed the colonel’s
clothes?”

   The boy’s clear, surprized tone seemed
to ring out like a bell in the room,

  "Borrowed my own clothes! I am the
colonel! What’s the idea, Mark? Is this
a riddle? Or, are you giving me an intel-
ligence test?”

  The boy stood absolutely still. Quite
suddenly he drew back, a look of horror
dawning on his pale, intelligent face.

  "You’re not the colonel. You’ve got
black hair and your skin is yellow and
you’re older—much older. Where is Colo-
nel Everett? I want him.”
40

WEIRD TALES

  Men were looking at the pair now,
peering over the tops of their papers;
glancing up from writing-tables. Desul-
tory bits of talk now ceased altogether.
Everyone seemed suddenly aware of a
crisis of peculiar significance between
Mark and the man in gray tweeds.

  The latter looked down with cold
venom.

   ’’Don’t make a little fool of yourself!”
His low voice reached Mark’s ear alone.
"'If you ever say such a thing again to me
I’ll—punish you. No good running to
your Mr. Amyas either; he won’t be able
to interfere much longer.”

  He went out quickly, leaving Mark
staring, shivering, sick with fright. The
glint of those cold eyes! The hate in that
low-pitched voice!

  "What’s wrong, kid? What did he
say?” A good-natured young fellow close
by drew the boy over to a group in a
corner. "Queer sort of man, that Colonel
Everett! He’s a bit annoyed with all of
us today. Liver or something!”

  Mark’s white, drawn face did not re-
lax. He shivered convulsively, tried to
speak, failed. One of the group rose
with an exclamation, glass in hand.

  "Look here, old man.” He put a hand
on Mark’s shoulder, held the glass to his
lips with the other. "Take a sip of this
and tell us what it’s all about.”

  The boy drank, choked, dropped his
head down on his knees—a huddled,
frantic heap of misery.

   "Better get the doctor. The little chap’s
ill.”

  The good-natured young fellow went
to one of the doors, collided with two
men about to enter. They were Mr.
Amyas and Captain Ross.

  "111? Mark?”

   They listened to the young man’s hasty,
confused explanation and hurried to the
boy. He looked exhausted and was lean-

ing back with half-closed eyes, his
features twitching, his delicate hands
clenched tightly.

  It took Mr. Amyas some minutes to
get a word out of him. Captain Ross
waited with a pinched gray look on his
altered face.

  "He was—awfully, awfully angry! As
if he wanted to kill me!” Mark gasped.
"It’s that man! It’s the prince! He said
he was Colonel Everett—he’s wearing his
clothes—so I thought at first-”

  Captain Ross exchanged a somber look
with Mr. Amyas, who was supporting the
boy.

  "Oh! Oh! There he is whistling for
me! And I don’t like it—I don’t like it!”
Mark clapped his hands over his ears,
dropped them again in bewildered fright.
"It’s in my head—the tune! Oh!—oh! 1
wish it would stop. It’s—beastly!”

   A strange silence fell on the rest. To
no one but the boy was any whistling
audible. The good-natured young man
winked and touched his forehead signifi-
cantly.

  "Oh! Oh!” wailed the boy; "it’s that
funny old song—my nurse used to sing it
to me. Kathleen Mavourneen! Oh. can't
you make it stop?”

  Mr. Amyas lifted him to his feet, put
an arm about him. Above the boy’s head
he met the captain's eyes again.

   "I’ll get the doctor to give you some-
thing so that you won’t hear it any more.
Come along to my room. No need to be
afraid of anything. You’re quite right—
that wasn’t Colonel Everett. Come along.
I’ll explain. You’ll be all right in a few
minutes.”

  The last red rays of the setting sun
flashed on the boy’s face as he and his
companion crossed the room and went
out.

  "What the deuce!” The good-natured
young man stared at the doorway through
THE WHISTLING CORPSE

41

■which the two had vanished. “Not the
coionel! Is the boy a bit touched? He
seemed such a bright lad, I thought."
Captain Ross glowered.

  "Brighter than all the rest of us put
together, it appears. That was not Coio-
nel Everett.’’

  "Good lord! What! You don’t mean

it! I’d have staked my last shirt--•”

  "Not Colonel Everett,” repeated the
captain in grim, heavy accents. "I don't
think it’s any use to warn you, but keep
clear of him—if j'ou can!"

  He stalked out.

  "Raving!” a young man in flannels
drawled. "There seems to be something
that breeds lunatics on the S. S. Dragon.
What is at the bottom of all this? Whist-
ling and hysterics! Joke’s wearing thin.
I’m fed up.”

  A stout, quiet man, playing patience,
voiced his opinion in the manner of one
accustomed to authority.

  "I advise you to take Captain Ross se-
riously—and literally."

  The flanneled one attempted to register
world-weary contempt, but his smooth
young face betrayed him into sulky re-
sentment.

Mr. amyas returned. He stood for a
moment with his back to the light
in a doorway, his black eyes raking the
room—very quiet, not a hair out of place,
and yet he gave an impression of most
desperate haste and disorder.

  "Has anyone seen Doctor Fielding?”

  A chorus of anxious voices answered.
No one had seen the doctor lately. Was
the boy bad? They’d go and search. The
quiet, sleepy atmosphere became charged
with electricity. Some dashed off to find
Doctor Fielding. The remainder pressed
for information.

  "Heart,” Mr. Amyas stated briefly.

"He’s collapsed. Seems to have had a bad

shock. Ah, here’s Fielding-’’

  "Yes. It’s the boy. Quickly!”

  The passengers saw a look of under-
standing flash between the two men as
they hurried away.

  "Mystery! Crime! Adventure!” the
man in flannels sneered. "Victim guaran-
teed every two hours.”

  "You rather underestimate the time.”
The stout man was putting away his pa-
tience cards. "However, optimism is a
privilege of youth.”

  "Oh, go to hell!” said the flanneled
one. But he said it under his breath, and
only the trembling flame of the lighted
match in his unsteady fingers made re-
sponse. He walked toward a doorway.
"Er—look out for fog.”

  The quiet man stowed away his pocket-
pack. His tone was perfectly casual.

  "Fog! What d’you mean—fog?”

  "Ran into some just before tea, I heard.
Perhaps I should say—it ran into us.”

"I know there was a hullabaloo. The
mate got hysterics! But you don’t suppose

I think-”

  "No! No!” the quiet man seemed
really shocked at the idea. "Of course
not. I know you don’t.”

  The young man violently disappeared.
The quiet man sat back in the attitude of
one who awaits news. Several of those
who had rushed off to find the doctor now
returned. They seemed worried.

  "Fog?” inquired the quiet man.

  "What the devil makes you harp on
fog?” one of them inquired.

  "I was on deck B before tea,” was the
reply. "I’ve seen that sort of—fog, be-
fore! In North Borneo. Lived out there
twenty years. It’s apt to—er, hang about.
Like poison-gas. More deadly, though.”
"Well, you’re right, as it happens,” a
muscular man in a Fair-isle sweater con-
ceded. "There’s a rum patch of fog or
42

WEIRD TALES

mist or something drifting around near
the wireless room. I heard that everlast-
ing whistle going strong and thought I’d
do a spot of investigating. Almost ran
into the fog. Could have sworn the whis-
tling came from it."

  No one questioned his impression. He
went on with increasing embarrassment.

  "Don’t know what came over me. The
thing looked—well, I funked! Legged it
back here as fast as I knew how!"

  “Very sensible,” approved the quiet
man. "My experience has been that it
only—er, functions in the open air, for
some reason.”

  In a cabin close by, Mr. Amyas and the
doctor looked down at Mark’s quiet, un-
conscious face.

  “He’ll do for a few hours. That stuff’ll
make him sleep. Only question is whether
we oughtn’t to let him go—now—easily!
Seems damnable to bring him back to
face that devil again. The boy knows.
And he’s heard the death-signal. Why
let him wake? Why let him face tomor-
row? What d’you say, Amyas?”

  The other nodded. “I agree. He
mustn’t come back to that. How long
will your stuff hold him? Four or five
hours?”

  "Easily. More likely seven or eight.”
“Five will take us to midnight. We’ll
leave it until then. Captain Ross is send-
ing out S. O. S’s. Going to transfer to a
home-bound ship, if possible. Best give
him another injection at midnight if no
ship answers us—in time.”

  No need to harass the doctor before it
became necessary. Mr. Amyas, therefore,
did not admit that he had no hope of
their S. O. S. messages getting through.
He'd seen what the young man in the
Fair-isle sweater had seen. More! He
had looked inside the wireless room. No
operator was there. A cloud of fog hung
over it. It was not humanly possible for
any man to sit in the place with that

shrieking menace in his ears. There was
no chance of outside help. The fight must
be lost or won on board within the next
few hours.

  He looked down at the helpless,
doomed little figure, turned toward the
door, stepped back for a brief farewell.

  “I promised you a gift in memory of
this trip together. You shall have it—
before midnight, Mark.”

A pale, chill twilight lingered in the

•	sky. Electric lights shone from re-
flectors on deck. The sea ran smooth,
gray-green below the ship’s steep sides.
Mr. Amyas looked about him with quick,
bright eyes. Passengers—those not de-
moralized by fear, those who hadn’t seen
and didn’t believe in fogs and foam and
fantasies—were below, dressing for din-
ner. Those who did believe were dress-
ing too. It didn’t get you anywhere to
encourage thoughts of that sort. A
good dinner—dancing—lights—music—
they’d forget it soon!

  Mr. Amyas caught sight of the third
mate making for the captain's bridge.
Lights were on all over the ship. He
thought how brilliant the S. S. Dragon
must look, foaming on through the dark
water, gleaming, illumined, swift. What
passing craft would guess she was a ship
of the damned? That she was bearing
hundreds of souls to hell? That on her
long, white, level decks, behind her
lighted port-holes, in luxurious cabins and
beautifully decorated saloons, horror
stalked, biding its time?

  His eyes followed the third mate. He
was staggering uncertainly. He climbed
up to the bridge with painful effort. The
strong lights flooded him, showed a
ghastly, twisted face of fear. He spoke
with Captain Ross. Bad news, evidently.
The captain’s gesture was eloquent. He
dismissed the officer, turned away, and
THE WHISTLING CORPSE

43

stood frowning. Mr. Amyas went up to
him.

  "That devil’s got us, all right.” Cap-
tain Ross turned fiercely. "Five men
driven from the wheel this last hour.
That infernal whistling fog! And I find
it’s the same with the wireless. He’s cut-
ting us off completely. What’s the use of
waiting, Amyas? I tell you it’s madness
to let him corner us like this. Every hour
my ship’s more at his mercy. Tom Ever-
ett is dead—murdered—I murdered him!
It’s Vernon, not Everett, walking round
now, mocking us, destroying us. I’m go-
ing to shoot him. D’you hear me? It’s
time to do something. My ship will be
helpless soon — driving blind — lost!
There’s only my first mate left to steer
now—until that cursed whistling Thing
drives him off too!”

  "Only till midnight!” the other spoke
with strong entreaty. "Only a few hours
more! I know your friend is still alive.
It will indeed be murder if you shoot him
now. At midnight, I swear to you, Ever-
ett will be himself again. For a few min-
utes he will be the man you’ve always
known—and loved.”

  "How d’you know? It’s only a guess
in the dark. And even if we wait—even
if Tom does come back, he may not tell
me how to destroy Vernon! You’re only
guessing all along the line. Why should
Tom know this secret that you don’t—
and I don’t? No! I must shoot that devil
while there’s a chance. It’s monstrous—
it’s madness to let him destroy us inch by
inch.”

  Mr. Amyas looked at him and said no
more. He’d been afraid of this. The
strain was inhuman. It passed the line of
what could be endured. He turned to
leave the bridge. Queerly enough, his
submission touched some secret spring
that protest and entreaty could not reach.

  "Come back! Come back! Help me,
Amyas! I can't watch here alone.”

In the huge, handsome main saloon,
unobtrusively reserved in gray oak and
clouded-green upholstery, groups of card-
players worked in isolated quartets, tense,
serious, absorbed. Mostly elderly and
middle-aged. The younger set was danc-
ing. To this sanctum, Colonel Everett en-
tered, stood observant, bright cruel eyes
raking the unconscious players.

  He walked, his accustomed firm deci-
sive tread, now curiously sinuous and
smooth, to a table where the Marchmonts
and the Hore-Smiths were engaged in a
long-drawn interesting battle. Wealthy,
autocratic, exclusive, they represented a
high average of breeding and brains.

  "I shouldn’t risk that.”

  Colonel Everett stabbed a finger down
on the card which Mrs. Hore-Smith had
led.

  "Dummy,” he went on, "has only
queen, seven and three of clubs—ace and
ten of diamonds—nine, five and two of
hearts—and knave, ten, five, four and
two of spades.”

  Four amazed, resentful faces were
raised to meet the colonel’s hard glare.
Mr. Marchmont picked up the cards he
had put face-down on the table and re-
versed them.

  "You’re right. Very clever. I’ve seen
it done before—in Siam. Perhaps you’d
reserve your—er—tricks until later!”
Cold malice leaped in Colonel Everett’s
eyes.

  "Reserve my—er—tricks until later!”
he mocked. "Later! You gibbering, con-
ventional puppets! There won’t be any
later for you. After midnight I rule here!

Even now-”

  Mrs. Marchmont, very handsome, very
haughty, cut him short.

  "If you must talk, go elsewhere. Other-
wise-”

  “You don’t want to talk?”

  "Nor to listen.”
44

WEIRD TALES

  He nodded and made a quick, insolent
gesture. His eyes showed a gleam of
wicked white.

  "Then don’t talk. Play!"

  The two couples, with strained, altered
faces, resumed. In silence—in absolute
silence they played. Colonel Everett sat
back smoking, his long legs crossed, one
foot wagging in perpetual motion. Not a
single word escaped from any of the play-
ers. They sat stiffly. They moved hands
and arms only. Their eyes sought his—
read in his evil, mocking glance what
cards to put down. Colonel Everett
played out a whole rubber thus, merely
using the Marchmonts and Hore-Smiths
as physical mediums. And they knew
what wras happening to them. Their wills
impotently battled his.

  The rubber finished, Colonel Everett
stood up and waved a hand that seemed
boneless at the wrist.

  "It is not everyone who would respect
your wishes so perfectly, Mrs. March-
mont. Well, we’ve had enough bridge
now.”

  His sinister, sidelong glance collected
eyes all over the room. Inexplicably to
themselves, the players looked up simul-
taneously.

  "We’ll go and watch the dancing for a
time. This game begins to pall.”

  He sat down, lighted a fresh cigarette,
waited. Group after group rose from the
tables. Well-fed, expensively attired sheep
ready for the slaughter. They threaded
a decorous way to the entrances and
passed out of sight.

  Colonel Everett rose to watch them go.
Lucifer, Son of the Morning! So had he
towered in dark lust to rule!

ON the dancing-floor, color flashed
like gorgeous birds among a forest
of black coats. Musicians combined in
assaulting every primitive urge possessed
by man. Ordinary lights were turned off.

The dancers swayed through shafts of
green and purple, blue, red and yellow.

   At Colonel Everett's entrance the shift-
ing floodlights died. Brilliant white lights
sprang to life from every bulb in the
place. The dancers laughed. A buzz of
talk reverberated. Dick Redlands glanced
up in annoyance. The most beautiful girl
on board was sitting out with him. He
adored her. He was letting Wanda know
about it and she seemed not uninterested.
What fool had turned on the electric
lights?

  Wanda's grave, wistful, profoundly
gray eyes turned to the doorway where
Colonel Everett’s evening clothes seemed
to invest him with quite regal dignity. He
bowed to her across the dance-floor and
advanced.

  "Look here, Wanda! You’re not going
to dance with that bounder.” Dick lost
his head in sudden, plunging, name-
less fear. "It’s impossible! He’s , „
he’s-”

  "What is he?”

  Dick was unable to say. The girl’s
black head with its narrow wreath of
pearls was turned from him. Her fingers
lay unresponsive in his clasp. Her quick-
ened breath fluttered the gauzy petals of
a flower at her breast.

  "Wanda!” he urged. "No! Don’t
dance with him. There's something
wrong—he's a rotter—a-”

  The colonel was bowing low before
Wanda now, drawing her to her feet,
melting into the dance with the girl’s
supple figure held close. Dick stared
after them. He was afraid—damnably
afraid—and he didn’t know at all what
it was he feared. But his eyes followed
the girl. Her face was turned to her part- j
ner’s shoulder; his lips were close to her
ear, moving, moving in ceaseless talk.

   ". . . but it won’t last. It can’t last,
your beauty! You are only a shell. A
lovely, painted, fragile shell. After to*
THE WHISTLING CORPSE

45

night all your beauty will be gone. You’ll
3e dead. Have you ever seen a body that’s
been in the water for a day or two? For
a week? For a month? Very revolting
indeed. Bloated — swollen — oh! most
nauseating. And the fishes—-”

 On and on went the horrible whisper-
ing voice, painting its hellish pictures, de-
stroying her body—her eyes—her hair—
giving her loveliness to hideous death
with sure, unrelenting strokes. And,
gripped in his iron arms, she had to lis-
ten. Her imagination flared to torturing
life as all ability to struggle, to cry out,
failed her.

  "There are so many creatures of the sea
that will come starved to rob you of this
beauty you love. It would be a waste of
time for your latest adorer to go on wor-
shipping at your shrine. He shall see you
day by day as you rot—and rot. I heard
what he said. He shall live—and regret
his living!”

 Dick, watchful, not with anger, cold
with terror, held in his place by baffling
control, saw Wanda’s profile as she passed
before him—suffering—tortured.

 Next time the pair came round, the
colonel stopped, led Wanda to her seat,
set her in it like a doll, then walked away
in the direction of the band. Dick found
himself unable to move a finger.

 Music struck up again. An old tune.
Mo one got up to dance. No one moved
at all.

 Colonel Everett stood as one crowned
and robed with authority. Slowly, as if a
heavy, jeweled cloak dragged at his heels,
he turned and walked away.

 The band played with maddening repe-
tition. On and on wailed the sad little
melody . . . Kathleen Mavourneen . . ,
on . . . and on . . . and on. . . .

ON one of his half-hourly visits to
Mark, Mr. Amyas saw a tall, hate-
fully familiar figure standing outside the

room. Colonel Everett’s face, barely re-
cognizable now in its dark, lean wolfish-
ness, confronted him with a grin.

  "Very conscientious! Well, make the
most of your time. You won’t be sick-
visiting much longer. I'll take the boy
off your hands soon—very soon.”

  Mr. Amyas opened the door and closed
it softly, abruptly in the other's face. He
felt better for the small act of defiance.
After midnight! . . . He choked back the
cold, numbing sense of defeat that threat-
ened, and crossed over to the bunk where
Doctor Fielding watched.

  "I've something to say to you,” he be-
gin in a low, urgent voice. "No use tell-
ing you before—I wasn't sure of Captain
Ross. And it’s a remote chance anyhow.

However-

  He explained briefly.

  "I see.” The doctor looked up, his eyes
dead fires in a worn, ravaged face, "It all
hangs on whether Everett knows, and if
he does know, whether he will have the
chance to communicate his vital knowl-
edge. The only certain factor in the crisis
is that Everett as Everett does momen-
tarily take possession of himself again.”
His companion assented.

  "I admit my knowledge is limited. But
I’m staking everything on it. And I have
persuaded the captain to this point of

view. About Mark-”

  "Yes. If Everett speaks, Mark won’t
need the second injection. Very well. I’ll
wait for fifteen minutes after midnight.
Then—if no message comes—I will use
the needle.”

  The corridor was empty as Mr. Amyas
went out again.

  "I don’t know,” he confessed when he
regained the bridge, "why the infernal
fog leaves us alone up here. Vernon is
reserving his powers, leaving us to the
last—his strongest enemies. There must
46

WEIRD TALES

be laws and barriers in eveiy state of ex-
istence, and Vernon must be prevented
from touching us—yet!”

  "My first mate’s given up now, driven
away,” the captain informed him.
"There’s no one at the wheel. Luckily the
ship’s heading north, right out of the fair-
way. No danger of a collision. We’re
going dead slow, too. Three more hours
of this. Three more hours! My God,
Amyas, if Everett doesn’t come—doesn’t
tell me!”

  "He will come.”

  "But he may not know. He may not
know.”

  For the hundredth time Mr. Amyas re-
assured him. For the hundredth time
Captain Ross turned to pace up and down
the bridge, his ears tortured by the inces-
sant, insistent whistle, rising to maniacal
fury, then dwindling to thin, distant, un-
earthly piping. He had tried stuffing his
ears with cotton-wool. It was useless—
worse than useless. It increased the tor-
ment; his brain had felt like a hollow
tube; the whistle shrieked through it, red-
hot, searing as a flame.

  And up and down the -long, bare,
gleaming deck below, to and fro, drifting,
shifting, a horrible, seeking, wraith-like
thing of fog loomed, hovered, eddied,
wavered to nothingness, re-formed once
more.

  And northward through the dark sea
drove the ship—haunted—lost—blind!
her slow, discouraged heart beating in
heavy rhythm. Northward to her doom.

Almost midnight. On the bridge Cap-
k. tain Ross and Mr. Amyas kept
watch. Almost midnight. A new moon.
Hard, bright stars. No wind. And the
low continuous wash and ripple of fol-
lowing seas as the S. S. Dragon drove on
her unguided, crooked course.

  In Number 14 on deck A, Its occupant
moved with quick, uneasy steps. The
sinuous grace, the wicked, glancing eyes
were changing. Something of fear, of
doubt, of grief showed every now and
then, like a star’s clear shining between
dark clouds.

  "It’s very far off—very far off.” His
voice was crisper in spite of its note of
anxious, painful doubt. "I can’t remem-
ber—I don’t even know what it is I must
remember.”

  A sudden convulsive shudder took him,
A sudden darkness dimmed and blurred
his features. His head went back with a
jerk. His hands grew taut with fingers
that clenched and crisped like talons.

  "Fool! Fool! What am I doing? What
am I thinking? Almost midnight. A few
short minutes and I will pass through.
The door stands wide. I will pass
through.”

   He glared at the tall figure reflected in
the long glass of his wardrobe, leaned
forward as if speaking to the image mir-
rored there.

  "In a few more minutes I possess you I
utterly. Body—living human soul—all I
mine!”

   The face in the glass returned his glare, I
grew gray and wavered. Its harsh and I
wicked lines smoothed out. Though!; I
emotion, effort showed in the mirrored I
face — stirring — changing it as wind I
changes the face of water.

  "No! No! Stay here. You shall not I
go! I command. I command. I rule you I
now.”

  But the eyes in the mirror did not I
match the voice. They were steady, reso-1
lute, brave. And a new voice answered I
the challenging words.

  "I am Tom Everett. I am myself. And I
I must speak with the captain of this I
ship.”
THE WHISTLING CORPSE

47

  He turned from the mirror. All soldier
now—squared shoulders, erect, decisive,
disciplined. He moved toward the door;
his hand was on the latch when his body
was torn and wrenched as if by torture.
He fell against the wall.

 "I must—speak-”

  His voice grew thick and indistinct.
His hands made blind, arrested move-
ments. He lifted his feet as if he stood
in quicksands and fell with a choking cry
and hands at his throat. Stubbornly he
dragged himself upright, dragged open
the door and stumbled into the corridor.
Moving more strongly now with every
step he took, he made for the deck above.
From the bridge Captain Ross saw him
coming, heard a faint calling through the
night.

  "Captain! Captain! Are you keeping
watch?”

  "Here! On the bridge! Here, Tom,
here!”

  The colonel moved swiftly in reply.
He seemed to slip his fetters, came run-
ning. Next moment he had gained the
bridge and stood with clear gaze on his
friend.

  Mr. Amyas fell back. It was between
these two now.

  "Tell me! Tell me quickly! I am
ready. I will give all I have—body and
soul, to save you!”

  Everett looked deep into the agonized
face confronting him.

  "Yes—I see you are—quite ready.”

  A shrill piping sounded far off—drew
nearer—nearer.

  r'Noiv!” cried the colonel.

  He thrust a thin, long knife, trophy of
[the East, into Captain Ross’s hand.

  "We must go together. We must fight
[him together, afterward! Will you come
with me?”

  Below, the decks were blotted out. Fog

rolled up . . . blind white world of ter-
ror . . . closing in with the whistling,
tearing shrieking of the damned.

  Captain Ross took the knife, grasped it
strongly. Understanding, then profound
triumphant joy illumined his worn face.

  "Ah! Now I see the way! Wait for
me, Tom! Together . . . yes! ... to-
gether!”

  He flung up an arm and struck with
sure, strong aim. Everett fell, the knife
deep in his heart. The captain pulled his
sharp blade free again, stood up. One
tremendous shout—thunder-clap bellow-
ing above the wind’s shrill squeal. The
bright blade flashed again, sank to its hilt
in the captain's own broad breast.

  As he fell, stars and moon and foaming
sea were blotted out from Mr. Amyas.
The night was filled with the howl of
rushing winds. Blackness descended. The
ship spun crazy and demented under him.

  In mortal terror he heard the thrashing
roar of battle all about him. His heart
grew colder than his icy hands. A world
of yelling darkness where all the winds
of hell tore loose.

  But louder than winds, high above the
devilish tumult shrilled the whistle, cease-
less, shrieking its menace, its everlasting
hate. . . .

  Utter silence. Silence, huge as the
empty dawn of time. A wide, sweet sense
of freedom filled the universe.

  The watcher stood, breathing the clean
salt wind, blessing friendly stars and
moonlit water.

  He woke like a dreamer and looked at
his watch. Five minutes—only five min-
utes that agony had endured after all!

  He knelt by the quiet dead, profoundly
sleeping, utterly at rest. They were freed
as Mr. Amyas knew himself to be. The
dark soul of Eldred Vernon was de-
stroyed.
Howard Phillips Lovecraft

 By CLARK ASHTON SMITH

Lover of hills and fields and towns antique,

How hast thou wandered hence
On ways not found before,

Beyond the dawnward spires of Providence?

Hast thou gone forth to seek
Some older bourn than these—

Some Arkham of the prime and central wizardries?

Or, with familiar felidae,

Dost now some new and secret wood explore,

A little past the senses’ farther wall—

Where spring and sunset charm the eternal path
From Earth to ether in dimensions nemoral?

Or has the Silver Key

Opened perchance for thee

Wonders and dreams and worlds ulterior?

Hast thou gone home to Ulthar or to Pnath?

Has the high king who reigns in dim Kadath
Called back his courtly, sage embassador?

Or darkling Cthulhu sent
The Sign which makes thee now a councilor
Within that foundered fortress of the deep
Where the Old Ones stir in sleep,

Till mighty temblors shake their slumbering continent?
Lo! in this little interim of days,

How far thy feet are sped

Upon the fabulous and mooted ways

Where walk the mythic dead!

For us the grief, for us the mystery. . . .

And yet thou art not gone

Nor given wholly unto dream and dust:

For, even upon

This lonely western hill of Averoigne
Thy flesh had never visited,
i meet some wise and sentient wraith of thee,

Some undeparting presence, gracious and august.

More luminous for thee the vernal grass,

More magically dark the Druid stone
And in the mind thou art for ever shown
As in a wizard glass;

And from the spirit’s page thy runes can never pass.

                                               W. T.
 rftbruptly the Haider's sliip Hashed away, came darting
 1 down at them."

aider of the Spaceways

By HENRY KUTTNER

A startling weird-scientific story, about the fantastic and horrible entity that lay
like a cosmic vampire on the hideous Night Side of Venus

      .1. The Raider Strikes

   AL KEN WORTH was collecting
the nectar from his elysia plants
and swearing quietly as he
rked. He was perspiring in spite of
rain, for it was the steady warm driz-
W.T.—4

zle that falls constantly on the sunward
side of Venus. Thank heaven, lie would
be free to return to earth when the col-
lection ship came to pick up his elysia—
but the ship was not due for a week. He
bent the tiny dead-white cup of a bell-
shaped elysia flower, and a single drop

                                      49
50

WEIRD TALES

fell into the transparent tube he held
ready to receive it.

  Kenworth had scarcely a gill of the
fluid to show for a year’s toil on Venus,
but it was a good yield, and would be
worth seven work>units when placed on
the market in N’yok—fifteen thousand
dollars, by ancient reckoning. The al-
most magical properties of elysia as a
super-nerve-tonic made it invaluable, for
it could be grown only on the scattered
islands of the Great Sea of Venus.

  The televisor whistled shrilly from the
dome-shaped building that was Ken-
worth’s home. He screwed the top on the
tube of elysia and went to the house,
swung in through the door. He clicked
the button that vacuum-sealed the room
and released a welcome stream of pure,
cold air. Then he toadied the televisor
switch.

  On the screen a face sprang out in
sharp detail—paper-white, streaked with
crimson. The boyish features were twist-
ed with pain, the dark eyes torture-filled.

  ‘'Dal!” a voice croaked from the re-
ceiver. “Dal—the Raider!”

  Ice gripped Kenworth’s heart as he
recognized the boy—Jene Trenton, who,
with his sister, farmed an elysia garden
thirty miles away. The—Raider? Scourge
of the spaceways, ruthless pirate of three
planets and their moons—why was the
Raider on Venus? What was Jene whis-
pering into his transmitter?

  "He—he’s seized the collection ship!
I—didn’t know—gave him my elysia—

then-” The boy coughed blood,

clutched at his throat. He went on swift-
ly, weakly. "He saw Thona! Took her—

  The boy toppled. His face came rush-
ing up at the screen, eyes blankly shut.
Kenworth was suddenly aware that he
was shouting into the transmitter, mouth-

ing frantic questions. The boy’s eyes
opened, stared into Kenworth’s.

 "Save her—Ken-”

  His eyes closed. Blood seeped from
his mouth as his jaw fell.

  Kenworth saw that he was dead.

  A warning throb came from the tele-
visor. Kenworth sprang to the door, flung
it open. Against the gray clouds, dim in
the rain, a black oval grew larger—the
collection ship, swiftly descending. And
within it—Thona Trenton and the Raid-
er!

  Kenworth found a gas-pistol—a stub-
by, fiat weapon that was dangerously ef-
fective at close range—and a ray-tube,
deadly, zio longer than a pencil. He went
back to the televisor and manipulated a
dial. The screen went blank, was sudden-
ly shot with a whirl of racing, blended
colors.

  He spoke quickly into the transmitter.

  "Emergency ether-call! This is Dal
Kenworth, son of President Kenworth of
the Americas. The Raider is on Venus.
He has seized the collection ship and is
landing on my elysia farm. He has a
hostage on board. Send fighting-ships at
once. I’ll try to hold him here.”

  Kenworth moved the dial, toudied a
switch. Immediately the screen lighted
up, showing his own face. His voice
came from the transmitter.

  "Emergency ether-call! This is Dal
Kenworth-

  Satisfied, Kenworth shut off the tele-
visor receiver. That message would con-
tinue to be sent out into the ether until
the sending apparatus was shut off or de-
stroyed. And as soon as the ships of the
Interplanetary Patrol received it-

He turned to the door. The collec-
tion ship, looking like a fat blad
cigar, was settling toward a cleared space
beyond the elysia fields. As he watdhed
it, a door in its side swung open, and a
RAIDER OF THE 5FACEWAYS

51

man appeared in the portal, beckoning.
Kenworth hesitated. It would not do to
cause suspicion — better to behave as
though he suspected nothing. He moved
toward the ship.

 The warm, sticky rain was unpleasant
after the brief respite of the air-cooled
house. Anger was mounting within Ken-
ivorth. jene—the poor kid—shot down
without a chance! Well, die Raider
would meet with a different reception
here.

  "Got your stuff?” the man in the por-
tal hailed.

 Kenworth nodded, scrutinizing him as
he approached. He saw a clean-shaven
face, strong-jawed, twinkling-eyed,
burned almost black by the direct rays of
sun in airless space where even polaroid
glass was insufficient protection. The full
lips, twisted in a smile, betrayed a certain
sardonic amusement. Bat this was not the
Raider, not the hawk-faced, cold-eyed
man whose portrait was on the news-
bards of a thousand space-ships.

  Kenworth decided to play a bold hand.
This man would be as anxious to avoid
suspicion as was Kenworth. The pirate
stood blocking the doorway with his huge
bulk, his hand extended. His voice was
low, deep.

  "Let’s have it,” he said.

 Kenworth took a small flask from his
pocket, and then, hesitating, thrust it
back. "Let's get the other matter cleared
op. first,” he said.

  The pirate’s cold eyes flickered.

 Kenworth looked surprized. "Didn’t
Lanna tell you?" he asked. "Isn’t Lanna
here?

 "No. He—was called to N’yok on
urgent business.”

 Kenworth nodded. "I see. Well, it’s
ibout that unreported eiysia farm. I’ve
located it.”

  He saw the other hesitate, and pressed
his advantage swiftly. "Let me come in

—I’ll show you the spot on your chart
And you can give me the receipt for my
eiysia."

  Taking his host’s assent for granted,
he moved forward. The other stepped
aside. Kenworth knew that his gas-pistol
was hidden from view beneath his jacket,
but he took pains to let his hands swing
in plain sight. He had been in the ship
before, knew the way to the control room.
He went there swiftly, conscious of sharp
eyes on his back.

  Seated at a desk was a slender man, his
hair iron-gray, dressed in the conventional
flexible black leather of the spaceways.
He stood up quickly as Kenworth entered.

  Kenworth held himself rigidly in check,
knowing that he dared not give the Raid-
er a hint of anything amiss. He stared at
the other briefly, and then nodded.

  "I’m Dal Kenworth,” he said, and
tossed his eiysia vial on the desk. "I can
show you where that lost eiysia farm is—
I spoke to Lanna about it.”

  The other did not answer. His eyes
probed into Kenworth’s, black and cold
as glacial ice. His face was austerely
handsome, tanned as black as his com-
panion’s, and seamed with harsh lines.
Kenworth had never seen a face so im-
passive, so capable of concealing all emo-
tion.

  At last he spoke. "Good. Lanna told
me of it.” His voice was flat, toneless,
yet with a curious crispness. He clipped
his words oddly.

  Kenworth nodded, turned to the chart
table. He ran his finger over it as though
searching.

  "You may have a fight on your hands,”
he said casually. "The chap’s been trying
to smuggle his eiysia off Venus. Only two
men this trip? I’ll come along if you
want.”

  He examined the chart, his heart in his
mouth. Behind him came the flat, cold

voice of the R.aider.
32

WEIRD TALES

  "That’s ali—just two. Am and I- But
we can handle it. Gas him out if neces-
sary, or use the ship's ray-tube. Thanks
anyway.”

  About to answer,, Kenworth felt some-
thing touch his leg. He glanced down—
and jumped back, suppressing a cry. The
Raider chuckled, and the other man
echoed him with a gusty laugh.

  "Never seen an octan before? Guess
you’ve never been on Mars.”

  Kenworth grinned, although he felt a
little thrill of rcpugnance go through him
as lie stared dow'n at the octan—that
strange hybrid of Mars, where so many
originally submarine creatures had
evolved to land-dwellers as the oceans
shrank. Once, millions of years ago, the
octan’s ancestors had dwelt in the Martian
seas. Emerging on land, they had even-
tually becoming dwarfed to the size of
small terriers. The thing’s round body
was covered with a growth of short, red-
dish fur, and perched atop it was a globe
of a head, with two unwinking, baleful
eyes set above a parrot-like beak. Its
limbs were tentacles —- eight of them,
furred, and lined with the atrophied
remnants of suckers. Although Ken-
worth knew- that the octan was tamed, not
dangerous, he could not suppress an in-
voluntary shudder.

Thle octan moved toward him, scut-
tling like a spider on its tentade-
limbs, and then paused, as though sens-
ing his dislike. It gave a shrill whistling
cry and ran back, climbing a leg of the
desk and crouching atop it.

  Kenworth saw that the two men were
watching the octan. His chance, then,
had come, and if the Raider had spoken
the truth, there were only two on the ship
—besides the girl, who no doubt was a
captive- He snatched the ray-tube from
his jacket, drew the gas-pisfcol with his
other hand.

  "Up!” His voice cracked like a whip*
lash, peremptory, challenging.

  The big man snarled a surprized oath,
made a hasty gesture—and paused, lifting
his hands. The Raider’s hands were al-
ready in the air. Frightened, the octan
leaped from the desk and scuttled from
the room. A little feeling of apprehension
went through Kenworth. But what harm
could the repulsive creature do?

  The larger man said, "What’s this?

You can’t-”

  The Raider interrupted him. "Don't
bother, Arn. He knows who we are.”
Yet Kenworth sensed puzzlement in the
Raider’s eyes.

  Kenworth said, "Where’s the girl?
Thona Trenton?”

  The Raider smiled slightly. "She’s
safe, in a compartment aft. I took her
because of Arn. He’s a faithful lieuten-
ant, and deserves some reward—and he
said that he wanted her.”

  Kenworth felt rage rising within him,
fought it down. He said coldly, "You’ll
take-

  The Raider interrupted. "You should
not have let the octan go,” he smiled,
amusement in his eyes. "Ruthlessness and
logic are the only laws by which one can
live. And it was not logical to let the
octan go—the creatures are more intel-
ligent than most people think. Surely you
did not tliink I’d fall into your trap and
tell you how many I had on this ship!
Vakko—use half-strength only. There
are things we must learn from our guest."

  And the Raider, his hands still held
high, nodded, his eyes intent on some ob-
ject beyond Kenworth!

2.	Flight

Kenworth was in a quandary. He
dared not turn, for the Raider might
be waiting for just that opportunity. On
the other hand, if there was an enemy
behind him-
RAIDER OF THE SPACEWAYS

53

  He pivoted very slowly, keeping his
weapons aimed at Am and the Raider.
He caught a flicker of movement out of
the corner of his eye—and leaped back,
swinging the ray-tube.

  He was too late. A paralyzing shock
went through him — the half-strength
energy of the ray-tube—and the weapons
dropped from his nerveless hands. He
crumpled, fully conscious, but unable to
co-ordinate his movements — suffering,
actually, from a severe electric shock. Arn
sprang forward, snatched up the gas-
pistol and the tube.

 The Raider chuckled. Another man
came into view—a Martian, seven feet
tall, huge-chested, with arms and legs
thin as pipe-stems, his round face, with
its tiny mouth and bulging eyes, like some
ludicrous mask.

  "Good!'' the Raider said. "Good,
Vakko. As for you, Arn—you would do
well to learn from Vakko.”

  The Martian giggled shrilly, apparent-
ly delighted. He piped something Ken-
worth could not understand, and at the
Raider’s nod lifted Kenworth easily and
laid him on a leather couch. There was
surprizing strength in those slender, brit-
tle-seeming arms, with their thick growth
of red fur.

  The Raider gave a command, and Arn
hurried away. Kenworth tried to move,
but there was no feeling in his body. The
effects of the ray, he knew, took some
time to wear off. The Raider came close,
staring down into Kenworth’s eyes.

  He said slowly, "You should be thank-
ful I told Vakko—half-strength!”

  Arn returned, and at his side was a
girl — gray-eyed, dark-haired, whose
beauty was scarcely marred by the traces
tears had left on her cheeks. As Ken-
worth recognized Thona Trenton he
made an effort to speak, managed only
an inarticulate croak. The girl flew to his
side.

  "Dal! What’s—are you-”

  "A little ray treatment,” the Raider
said gently.

  Thona flashed a furious glance at him,
looked down again at Kenworth. She
said, choking back a sob: "They’ve killed
Jene, Dal!”

  Kenworth managed to nod. Too late
he saw his mistake. The Raider's eyes
narrowed, and he exchanged a quick
glance with Arn.

  "How did you know that?" he asked
quietly.

  Then, realizing that Kenworth could
not answer, he spoke to the Martian, who
knelt by Kenworth and began to massage
his body with his slender, powerful lin-
gers. Life began to flow back into Ken-
worth’s veins, hastened by Vakko’s min-
istrations. After one or two attempts he
found his voice.

   "It’s all right, Thona,” he told the girl,
with an assurance he did not feel.
“There’s no danger.”

  "And how does he know that?’’ the
Raider asked, apparently of the bare wall.

  He snapped his fingers suddenly,
sprang to the televisor. As he clicked it
on, Kenwortli’s face appeared on the
screen, and his voice rang through the
room.

  "-farm. He has a hostage on board.

Send flghting-ships at once. I’ll try to
hold him here.” There was a pause, in
which the harsh breathing of Arn was
plainly audible. Then the voice from the
transmitter resumed. "Emergency ether-
call! This is Dal Kenworth, son of Presi-
dent Kenworth of the Americas-”

  The Raider waited for no more. He
leaped for the control board, barking
orders at Arn, who raced from the room.
The ship quivered, lifted. The Raider
fingered buttons, swung a lever. Ab-
ruptly the televisor screen went blank.
Kenworth knew that the space pirate had
fayed the house, destroying the televisor.
54

WEIRD TALES

Thona was staring at Ken worth.
''You’re — President Keuworth ’ s
son?”

  He nodded, flushing. "I—yes, Thona.
f didn’t tell you—I thought it might—
make a difference.”

  "But—why? The son of President
Kenworth on an elysia farm!” There was
amazement in her eyes.

  "As a matter of fact, it was a wager.
A chap and I got into an argument—-a
commander of the interplanetary Patrol,
an old friend of my father’s—and he bet
me that I was too soft to raise a crop of
elysia. Lord knows it’s no easy job!” He
lowered his voice. "I don't think I could
have stuck it out, Thona, if I hadn’t met
you. Now don’t worry. The Raider won't

dare-”

  "I won’t dare?” The Raider stood over
them, his eyes glittering in his mask-like
face. "I won’t kill you—no. Neither of
you. I'm tempted, I confess—but if
worst comes to worst I can always bar-
gain. And the son of President Ken-
worth-

  He paused, while Kenworth cursed
himself for revealing his identity.

  Arn came forward, frowning. He ges-
tured to the controls, said something
under his breath. The Raider nodded im-
patiently.

  Arn said, amazement on his dark face,
’’You’re going to do it?”

  "Yes. They’ll expect me to leave Venus
to escape. We can't take the chance of
going back to our own ship—and I won’t
go into space in this leaky boat. Nobody
will expect us to go to the Night Side.”
Thona gasped, and her hands flew up
to her cheeks. Even Kenworth paled.

  Am said unbelievingly, "We’re going
—to the Night Side?”

  Kenworth understood his apprehen-
sion, shared it. Ships stayed on the sun-
ward side of Venus. There was a mys-
tery -about the Night Side—the half of

Venus turned perpetually away from the
sun, blanketed by thick clouds and
shunned by the wanderers of the space-
ways. There had been a time, long ago,
when expeditions had set out to explore
the Night Side. They had never re-
turned. They had gone into the enig-
matic blackness armed with huge ray-
tubes and gas-projectors—and had van-
ished.

  Of the Night Side only one tiling was
known—no one had ever returned from
it. And it was to this hidden land of
eternal blackness that the Raider was
guiding his ship!

  Kenworth revised his opinion of the
Raider as he saw Arn turn away without
another word. The Martian, watching
Kenworth with ray-tube in hand, said
nothing. The octan scurried into the
room and rubbed against Vakko's legs,
and he reached down absently to stroke
it. It shrilled its pleasure. Kenworth felt
Thona shudder against him.

  "Keep an eye out for ships,” the Raid-
er commanded, and Arn nodded, went
to the control board.

  Ignoring Kenworth, the Raider picked
up the little vial of elysia from the desk.
He unbuckled his leather jacket, fumbled
with a thick, tubular belt he wore about
his waist. It was transparent, filled with
the pale elysia fluid, Kenworth saw. The
Raider added Ken worth’s gill of the
liquid to his own stock.

  "It's a fabulous fortune," he said pleas-
antly in his toneless voice, meeting Ken-
worth’s gaze. "Curious that people are
willing to pay so much for—emotion.
That's what it is.” He eyed the belt
ruminatively. "Pure emotion. A scientist
once explained its action to me, but I
couldn’t understand him, except that it
seems to step up the emotions—the pleas-
urable sensations.

  "Elysia!” he went on almost dreamily.
"It’s well named. Back in the Twentieth
RAIDER OF THE SPACEWAYS

Century men used morphine and—what
was it?—cocaine—to allay pain and ex-
rite pleasurable sensations. But they were
drugs, and harmful. One drop of elysia
will give a man days of almost unendur-
able ecstasy—and the feeling will last for
years, wearing off only very gradually.
And a larger dose will kill.” He slapped
the belt, chuckling. "It’s lucky I’d col-
lected from most of the farms before you
intervened, Kenworth.”

  Arn said, “We’re near the Twilight

Zone now. The-” He broke off,

snarled a lurid Martian oath. "Th’gadda!
A ship—two miles off! Coming this
way?”

Kenworth sat up hastily. The Mar-
. tian moved closer, his ray-tube ready.
The octan tried to climb up Vakko’s leg,
but he kicked it away impatiently.

  The Raider went to the controls. He
touched a button, and the televisor screen
lit up, showing the outline of a ship,
Corpedo-shaped, bearing the insignia of
the Interplanetary Patrol—three circles,
intertwined.

  "Interference!” the Raider said quietly.
''Blanket their signals.”

  Arn growled assent. On the edges of
the screen a flickering nimbus of pale
light grew, darting and writhing inward,
oddly reminiscent of the sun’s corona.
Kenworth knew that the Patrol ship could
not now send a message for aid. He
prayed that such a message had already
been sent.

  Thona touched his arm. He turned to
her.

  "I thought—hostages-” she whis-
pered, her mouth close to his ear.

  "Maybe later,” he murmured in re-
sponse. "Right now he wants to make
his getaway. "We’re being kept only as a
last resort. He must be pretty sure of
himself.”

  The Raider’s ears were pretematurally

quick. Without turning, he said in his
fiat voice, "I am. Quite sure. Watch the
screen, and learn how spacemen fight!”

3.	Battle—and Escape

The conflict began. Strange air battle
of the Twenty-third Century! Sound-
less struggle of deadly rays guided by
trained, quick-thinking minds! As Ken-
worth watched the swift, deft movements
of the Raider and his lieutenant, he be-
gan to understand the reasons for the
space-pirate’s reputation. For the Raider
was playing with the Patrol ship, playing
with it so deftly that the attacker did not
realize its own impotence. And Ken-
worth knew that the ships of the Inter-
planetary Patrol were not manned by
fools—no! To command a Patrol ship
was a high honor—and one not easily
gained. Yet the diabolical cunning of the
Raider had the Patrol ship at his mercy.

  The flickering rays still nimbused the
screen, dimming and flashing out again
as the clashing rays of the two ships
flared—invisible rays of paralysis and
death! The heavy armor that plated the
ships could resist a certain amount of
raying, but if a ship remained in the path
of a beam for more than a few seconds,
the ray would penetrate the armor and
reduce the crew to a state of helpless
paralysis. Kenworth saw that the Patrol
ship was not using the death-rays, no
doubt because the Patrol Commander
knew or suspected the existence of the
Raider’s hostages. And the Raider, too,
was using his rays at lialf-strength only.
Kenworth, an expert at space piloting,
cursed under his breath as he watched the
Raider send his craft through a breath-
taking series of whirls and dives. He
realized that when the Raider decided to
strike, he could almost instantly ray the
Patrol ship out of existence.

  But why was he delaying? What was
56

WEIRD TALES

he planning? There was no hint of his
intentions on that gaunt, immobile face.

  The mad spins and lurches of the ship
did not discommode the passengers, due
to the artificial gravity field existing with-
in the craft. But, watching the madly
flaring screen, Kenworth saw the Patrol
ship slip aside and vanish, saw the jag-
ged peaks of a mountain range come
rushing up, dim in the grayness of the
Twilight Zone. The ship was falling!

  A voice boomed through the cabin.
"Surrender, Raider! Kill your rays!”

  A tight smile flickered over the Raid-
er’s face. He said in a swift aside, "Arn,
keep the interference on.”

  Arn grunted, little beads of perspira-
tion standing out like jewels on his space-
blackened face. Kenworth felt Thona
huddle against him. For a moment a
thrill of fear went through him, but a
glance at the screen was instantly reas-
suring. The mountains seemed to be
stopping their mad march toward the
ship, slowing down. The Patrol craft
lurched into view. Abruptly it began to
recede in a series of curious little jumps.

  Kenworth knew that this was illusion.
The Raider was fleeing, and the screen
darkened steadily, with the pursuing
Patrol ship a black silhouette against the
pale gray sky. The titanic mountains of
the Twilight Zone dimmed, faded to
darkness. They were entering the Night
Side.

  The Raider clicked over a switch. The
dead blackness of the screen lightened,
showed the Patrol ship. But there was a
curious lack of perspective, of color. It
was a shadow-picture, two-dimensional
and unreal. Ultra-violet rays wrere re-
sponsible. All space-ships were equipped
with them, Kenworth knew. Invisible
light, making a strange shadowland of
the blackness!

  And now Kenworth realized the Raid*
er’s plan. The nimbus of light still flick-

ered on the screen, and die Patrol ship
could not summon help, for the Raider’s
interference mechanism blanketed the
other ship’s signals. The Raider might
haye destroyed his attacker in the Twi-
light Zone—but that would have left the
Patrol ship's wreck to attract attention,
pointing a definite finger of suspicion
toward the Night Side. Pretending to be
crippled, the Raider was luring his enemy
into the hidden blackness of Venus—and
there he would strike!

  Kenworth began to search the room
with his eyes, methodically seeking sev-
eral devices which he knew should be in
the control chamber. A plan was forming
in his mind—but he would have to act
quickly. Luckily he had been in the col-
lection ship before, and it was not long
before he saw a rack of small tubes on
the wall, tubes that resembled the paraly-
sis-ray projectors, but which were in real-
ity light-tubes. And light would be vital-
ly necessary on the Night Side—if they
could escape from the ship.

  Kenworth located, too, a shelf on
which a dozen small packages were piled
—parachutes, made from the incredibly
tough filaments spun by the Cave Spiders
of Mars. He put his arm unobtrusively
around Thona, drawing her close. She
looked up inquiringly.

  He prisoned one of her small hands in
his big one. Then, his eyes on the Mar-
tian, he pressed his thumb against Tho-
na’s palm, released it. Vakko did not
move. His bulging eyes stared emotion-
lessly at Kenworth. Using the Inter-
planetary Code—adapted from the archaic
Morse—which every citizen had to learn,
Kenworth began to give Thona a mes-
sage. Dot — a brief pressure—dash—a
longer one-

  "When I give the word, get light-tubes
and parachutes." Swiftly he indicated
where they were.

  Thona’s eyes did not flicker. The an-
RAIDER OF THE SPACEWAYS

57

jwering pressure of her warm fingers gave
Kenworth the message, "I understand."

Now they were far into the Night
Side, racing through the blackness
from the Patrol Ship. Another screen
had been put into operation, for the
Raider did not care to crash blindly upon
an uncharted mountain peak. But at this
height there was little danger of such an
accident.

 Kenworth watched the Raider, and
took the opportunity to send another mes-
sage to Thona.

 "Now!” the Raider said, the word
coldly metallic. He touched a lever, flung
over a switch.

 Am growled, "Good! Then we can
get out of this—darkness."

 The Raider said nothing. On the screen
die Patrol ship grew larger. Rays leaped
out—invisible, detectable only by the re-
actions of delicate indicating instruments.
The Raider’s face grew intent, like a
mask cut out of black stone.

 The Martian’s eyes flickered toward
the screen.

 Kenworth moved. Like an uncoiling
spring he shot toward Vakko, smashing
against the Martian's pipe-stem legs.
Vakko toppled. The ray-tube was jerked
from his hand, went spinning across the
room. He screamed in an oddly piercing,
shrill voice.

 Thona was running across the room.
The Raider swung about, and as he
moved a grinding crash rasped through
the ship. The pirate wheeled, his fingers
darting lightning-like over the controls.
His momentary inattention had almost
lost him the battle with the Patrol ship.

 "Am!” His command stopped the big
lieutenant, brought him, too, back to the
controls. "Get the Patrol ship!” he
snapped. "Quick! Then-”

 Kenworth had counted on this. In the
crisis, the final battle between the two

ships, the Raider would need both Am
and himself at the controls—would not
dare turn to face a lesser peril, knowing
that a moment’s inattention would mean
disaster. Already there was a warning
tingling shuddering through Kenworth’s
body—the first taste of the Patrol ship’s
paralyzing rays, lancing through the pro-
tecting armor!

  He snapped a vicious blow at the Mar-
tian’s pouchy chest, and Vakko shrieked
his pain. But the deceptively slender
arms did not relax, and, cursing, Ken-
worth drove blow after blow into the
Martian’s body. He heard a shrill pip-
ing, and felt something whip across his
eyes. Tentacles wound about his head,
and a vicious beak stabbed at his face.
The cctan!

   He put all his strength into a sledge-
hammer blow that smashed bones in the
Martian’s chest. The binding arms re-
laxed, and Kenworth leaped to his feet,
tore away the octan’s tentacles. The par-
rot-like beak snapped viciously at his
hand, and the thing squealed in futile
rage. He flung it from him, turned.

  He had a flashing glimpse of a mael-
strom of titanic forces racing across the
televisor screen. The Raider was still at
the control board, his fingers darting to
and fro. Arn was on his feet, plunging
toward him, gas-gun leveled.

  Thona was gone. Kenworth spun,
leaped for the doorway. Something
popped near his head, and a cloud of
greenish gas sprang into existence, writh-
ing as though alive. He got through the
door, holding his breath, and swung it
shut. A precious moment was wasted
while he searched for a bolt that was not
there. Then he turned and went racing
along the corridor.

  "Dal!” It Was Thona’s voice. "Dal—-
here!”

  She was standing by an open oval of
emptiness through which a blast of rac-
38

WEIRD TALES

ing wind screamed. She made a quick
movement with her hand, threw some-
thing out of the ship. Light flared. It
was a light-tube, hurtling downward,
lighting the dead blackness of the Night
Side.

  Kenworth adjusted the parachute Thona
handed him, saw the tumbled surface of
land far below. He heard Arn shouting,
and a gas-pellet burst against the wall.
But the greenish vapor was instantly dis-
sipated by the rushing blast. Kenworth
seized Thona’s hand and they leaped to-
gether out into space.

  A warning tingling sent fear darting
through Kenworth. Away from the
protecting insulation of the ship, the
paralyzing rays were bathing them.
Realizing that this would happen, Ken-
worth had determined not to open the
parachutes until they had fallen beneath
the range of the rays. But would the fall
be swift enough to save them? Would
they become paralyzed—unable to open
the parachutes?

  The tingling ceased; in the white flare
the ground rushed up at them. With a
word to Thona Kenworth touched the
stud that opened his parachute. The two
’chutes blossomed together.

  Above them the ships whirled and
spun and dived in mad conflict. Abrupt-
ly the Raider’s ship flashed away, came
darting down at them. Kenworth could
guess what was in the Raider’s mind. His
hostages were invaluable—he dared not
lose them. But to land and recapture the
two meant laying himself open to the
Patrol ship’s attack.

  The Raider fled, was lost in the dark-
ness. The other ship slanted down. Ken-
worth could guess, too, what lay in the
mind of the Patrol ship's commander.
Like the Raider, he wished to land, to
pick up the two refugees. But he would
realize that the moment his ship touched

the soil of Venus, his defenses down, the
Raider would come swooping out of the
shadows, his rays working deadly havoc
before the other ship could be lifted
from the ground.

  The landscape swayed, rocking as they
drifted down. Now the light-tube was
dying. Even the tempered metal of the
tube had been unable to withstand the
impact. But the light had served its pur-
pose. It had revealed the landing-place.

  Rock. Great plains of rock, fantastical-
ly colored, with here and there small
patches of the dull gray soil of Venus.
Over all lay a silvery sheen, the brilliant
sparkle of frost. An icy chill struck
through Kenworth. The Night Side,
turned perpetually from the sun, would
naturally be cold—but the wonder was
that it was not colder than this. Then he
realized the solution—the dense atmos-
phere that blanketed the Night Side from
the utter chill of airless space.

  They touched the ground, rolled over.
Kenworth helped Thona up, brushing
white frost from her garments. He hesi-
tated, glancing around.

  Thona, completely invisible as the last
traces of the light died, groped closer.

  "Dal!” she said, a curious note of fear
in her voice. "Dal! Do you feel—some-
thing strange?"

4.	Spawn of Darkness

KHNWORTH knew what she meant. Yet
. the sensation was utterly unreal, fan-
tastic. It was like a queer sensation of
movement within his brain—provoking
some half-forgotten memory—now evad-
ing him, now swimming into view-

  He had it! Once, in N’yok, he had at-
tended a council of telepathists, that small
group of scientists who had devoted their
lives to experimenting with telepathy.
And it was there that Kenworth had ex*
RAIDER OF THE SPACEWAYS

59

>erienced a sensation similar to this in-
explicable motion within his brain.

  Remembering the theories of the telep-
athists, he threw his mind open, made it
>lank, receptive. But no message came.
Only breaking in through the darkness
came Thona’s voice.

  "Dal! Where are you?”

  Shaking his head, he looked around,
blinded by the darkness, realizing that he
had unwittingly moved forward a few
paces. As he answered, a little ray of
light flickered on, and in its light he saw
Thona near by, holding a light-tube in
her hand. At his surprized glance she
smiled, and said,

  "I managed to get two of them.” Then
she sobered. "What is this—sensation?
It feels as though something’s pulling at
my brain!”

  Kenworth started. That had been his
own sensation, exactly. And, indeed,
under its guidance he had moved for-
ward.

  He told Thona of the telepathy theory.
"The scientists have often conjectured on
die possibility of a race existing without
oral speedi, speaking by thought-impuises
alone. It’s not as fantastic as it seems—
indeed, they’ve proved the possibility of
telepathy.” He took the light-tube from
Thona, adjusted it until only a faint glow
shone out. "We’d better move, Thona.
If the Raider destroys the Patrol ship—
as I think he will—lie’ll be bade. And he
mustn’t find us here.”

  A shadow fell on Thona’s face. "But
how can we get back? It’s impossible,
Dal—it may be thousands of miles even
to the Twilight Zone!”

  Kenworth smiled with an assurance he
did not feel. "We can make it. It'll be
quite a walk, but—have you your food
tablets?” Every citizen was required by
law to carry a packet of these concentrated
food pellets, and Thona pulled a flat
metal container from her podcet.

  "What about water, though?” She
answered her own question as the light
gleamed on the frost-rime on the rocks.
"The ice—of course. But what about
direction?”

  Kenworth glanced up, but the stars
were hidden by the thick cloud-masses.
He switched oIt the light, waited for his
eyes to grow accustomed to die darkness.
Then he touched the girl's arm.

  "There, Thona. See?” Abruptly he
realized that she could not see his point-
ing finger, and fumbled for her head,
felt the soft curls beneath his fingers.
He turned her head slowly. "Do you see
that glow—very faint, though—far away
on the horizon?”

  "No . . . oh, yes. But it’s scarcely
visible.”

  "Doesn’t matter.” Kenworth hesitated.
A little warning premonition went
through him. The light was strangely blue-
tinged to be the daylight of Venus. But
what other- explanation could there be to
this light on the Night Side?

  "Well, come on,” Thona said. But
after a few steps she paused, staring at
Kenworth. He nodded.

  "Funny. I felt it, too. That—queer feel-
ing in my head is gone. I wonder-”

  But it was useless to conjecture. Haste
was necessary, and for a time the two
hurried on in utter silence, climbing over
jagged rocks, slipping more than once on
the frost-rime that lay like a fantastic
arabesque over everything. It was cold,
but no colder than a N'yok winter, and
the exercise of walking warmed them.

P’TpHEY had been walking for almost
-a- two hours, by Kenworth’s wrist
chronometer, when they saw the strange
white thing. It lay like a great pale pan-
cake nearly two feet in diameter, on a
flat surface of grayish soil. For a space
about it there was no frost on the ground,
and as the two approached they couid
60

WEIRD TALES

feel a faint, gentle warmth radiating from
the thing.

   It had only one feature, a branch-iike
arm projecting vertically from the center,
about a foot long. And the creature—
•whatever it was—was not immobile. It
pulsated gently.

   "Careful,” Kenworth said. "It’s a plant
of some sort, I think.”

   "It's alive,” Thona commented.

  Kenworth moved forward, touched the
spongy, rubbery surface of the thing. The
pulsations continued undisturbed.

  “Curious,” he said. "But not much
help. We need a guide, not a plant.”

  He turned away, checked himself at
Thona’s astonished exclamation.

   "Look!” She was pointing at the plant.
Kenworth stared.

   The vertical branch projecting up from
the white pancake was no longer vertical.
Its tip was bent at a right angle.

   "It’s-—pointing,” Thona said.

  “Impossible! How could a plant-”

  The branch moved slowly until it was
again upright. Then it bent down again
—jerked for all the world like a pointing
finger!

   "It’s pointing, Dal.”

  He was not convinced. “No , . . but
flowers turn with the sun sometimes,
don’t they? This may be something simi-
lar-”

   From the gloom came a startling sound
—a sharp, sudden bark, abruptly chopped
off, Kenworth whirled. It came again—
a hoarse shouting. And it repeated over
and over the single word:

  "Dal! Dal! Dal!"

  The two stared at each other. As the
voice paused Thona whispered. “The
Raider?”

  Kenworth shook his head, frowning,
puzzled. He took a step in the direction
of the voice, noticing that it was there
that the plant-branch was pointing. Thona
kept close to him.

  About fifty feet away they came out
into a little plain of gray soil, ringec
with garishly colored rock. The place was
quite warm, Kenworth realized with
amazement. In the middle of this cleared
space was another of the strange white
plants—but far different from the orig-
inal one.

  Tliis was huge. A dozen feet in
diameter, dome-shaped, with a score of
long branches shooting up from the
thing’s center, it lay pulsating and throb-
bing with life. And as the two watched,
the plant began to rotate like a great
turntable. It turned very slowly, until on
the surface facing Kenworth and Thona
appeared a group of odd appurtenances—
organs, apparently. A small puckered
orifice reminded Kenworth of a mouth,
although it remained immobile and silent.
Ringed about it were six bulging white
domes. The whiteness vanished mo-
mentarily from one of them, and Ken-
worth saw a black shining surface. Then
the pale skin covered it again.

  Had the plant—eyes?

   “What is it, Dal?” Thona asked shakily, j

   "I don’t know,” he said. "Plants have
evolved considerably on Mars, I’ve heard,
but never to this stage. I wonder if the
thing can—understand us.”

   The puckered orifice on the plant’s sur-
face twitched convulsively, and opened.
From it came an ear-shattering bellow
that made Thona cry out, clapping her
hands to her outraged ears. Kenworth
took a step back, his eyes widening. And
still the hoarse yelling kept on, rising and
falling like the hooting of a siren. Ab-
ruptly Kenworth realized that there was
a definite sequence in the shouting. The
thing was yelling—words!

Kenworth stopped his ears with his
• fingers, and suddenly the yelling
faded, became articulate, understandable.
RAIDER OF THE SPACEWAYS

61

 *'Can—un—dev—stan’! Can—un—
Uer—stan’!”

  Thona touchcd his arm. “He—it—-
says he understands’1’

  Kenworth was not so sure. “I don’t
know. Some automatic reflex of repeti-
tion, perhaps,” he said, shouting to make
himself heard above the tumult. Sudden-
ly the bellowing changed.

 ' rNo—rep—/——shun! Can—un—
der—starr!”

  "Ye gods!” Kenworth said. “The
thing’s intelligent!’’

  And yet—why not? On Mars plants
had evolved, under careful training had
shown faint gleams of intelligence. And
certainly there was a tremendous gulf be-
tween an ordinary plant and this incred-
ibly developed plant-monster. Kenworth
realized abruptly that lie had seen no
animal life on the Night Side. Free from
the vegetable kingdom’s natural enemies
—grazing animals, destroying mankind—
why could not a plant develop through
the eons into an intelligent creature, just
as man had evolved through uncounted
millenniums?

  And the thing unquestionably was in-
telligent. The hooting died away, and in
the silence Kenworth increased the bril-
liancy of his light-tube. Again came that
thunderous bellowing.
r 'N o—n o—n o—no!’ ’

  The lids protecting the thing’s eyes
twitched. Strong lights, to this being of
eternal night, was painful — naturally
enough. Kenworth adjusted the light
until it was a very faint glow. He said,
"How is it you speak our language?”
Surprizingly, the thing shouted, “Tel-
epathy!”

  "What?” Kenworth could scarcely be-
lieve his ears. This amazing monster of
an alien planet!

  “Read words—in mind—Kenworth
mind — Thona mind — pictures—
words-”

  Thona said to him, “But we don’t
think in words, Dai. We think in pic-
tures.”

  “No, Thona. You’re wrong. Really
our thoughts are a combination of words
and images. This tiling seems to be read-
ing the words in our minds, and seeing
our thought-images, seeing what the
words stand for! It’s possible—indeed,
the only way true thought-communication
can be established. Those N’yok scien-
tists told me-”

  The bellowing roared out again. “See
word-sounds — pictures — yes. Under-
stand.”

  “See, Thona?” Kenworth said. “It’s
fantastic—but scientifically logical.”

  He turned to the plant-creature. “What

are you? I mean—what sort-” He

stumbled, paused, and the shouting inter-
rupted him.

  “Plant—no. Evolved plant—yes. Lived
here always.”

  Kenworth asked curiously, “Are there
many of you? Do you mean you've lived
—always?”

  Arbitrary time-designations would mean
little to the creature, he thought. But the
plant caught his meaning.

  “Not—like this. Not many—no. Grow

—grow-” The thundering voice

paused, apparently puzzled. Then it re-
sumed. .“Other plant—you saw. Me.
Part of me. Born—bom—rooted to me.
I—die, yes. It lives, has—babies.”

  Thona could not repress a giggle. Even
Kenworth chuckled. Babies! Yet that
was the thought the plant had read in the
humans’ minds—babies, indeed!

  Yet Kenworth realized what the crea-
ture meant. The first plant-thing they
had seen was the offspring of the great
plant — connected, apparently, by an.
underground root. In time the mother
plant—if one could use that term of a
sexless, cr rather bi-sexual vegetable—
62

WEIRD TALES

would die, and the other would become
independent, have "babies" of its own.

  Thona said, "If it can read our minds,
why does it have to talk to us—audibly?’’
She spoke directly to Kenworth, oddly
averse to addressing the plant directly.
But the thing bellowed an answer.

  "No — your minds already — getting
thoughts. Not from me. Cannot—me—
cannot break in.”

  Thona turned a white face to Ken-
worth. "Did you hear that? It says our

minds are already--”

  Kenworth nodded, remembered the
strange feeling he had had directly after
the escape from the Raider. "I don’t get
any thoughts, though,” he said slowly.

  "Not—thoughts,” the plant bellowed.
"Command—urge—pull. Drags you to
—to—thought-giver.” A branch bent,
pointing. "Light—yes, blue light—you
go there."

  "Then it isn’t the daylight after all,”
Kenworth said.

  Thona’s lips were trembling. "We’ll

keep away from there, Dal. If-”

  The shouting broke in. "No keep
away—cannot. Drags you there. Dragged
everything on—on—Night Side there—
long ago. Only me—plants like me—

rooted-

  The branches growing from the plant-
thing’s centcr twitched, stirred. They
writhed apart, oddly like tentacles. One
of the plant’s bulbous eyes flickered open
momentarily.

  And without warning the monster
struck!

.5. Pciver of Thought

The branches—no longer stiffly erect,
but pliant, writhing—came racing
down to Thona and Kenworth. They
curled about the two, lifting them from
their feet. Kenworth felt his ribs crack

as the plant-tentacles tightened about
him. Dimly he heard Thona scream y

  He struck out at the binding brandies
as he was lifted, realized that he still
gripped the liglit-tube in one hand. A
sharp pain darted through his leg. He
saw the tip of a tentacle boring into the
flesh—saw the pallor of the plant change,
become roseate, crimson. The thing was
sucking blood from his veins.

  Once Kenworth had seen a mouse
caught by one of the giant pitcher-plants
of earth. Now he realized what the
mouse must have felt, helpless, drained
dry of blood by the vampire plant. He
struggled frantically — uselessly. Held
high above the dome-shaped body of the
creature, he was powerless to harm it—
and the tentacles were tough as steel.

  Light! The thing feared light! As the
thought Cashed into his brain he knew
that the plant read his mind. A tentacle
loosened, made a swift dart for the light-
tube. But already Kenworth had made
the adjustment that sent a flood of blind-
ing brilliance glaring out from the cyl-
inder.

  Creature of the dark—to which light
was a blinding agony! The thin mem-
brane over the plant’s eyes was little
protection, and as the glaring radiance
streamed out Kenworth felt the tentacles
about him contract, twist in midair, and
loosen. He slipped through them, fell,
gripping the light-tube desperately. Rub-
bery flesh gave beneath his feet; for a
moment he felt the pulsing body of the
monster beneath him, and then he leaped
aside.

  "Thona!” he called.

  A faint cry brought him to her side.
She lay on the gray soil, where she had
been thrown by the agonized plant. Ken-
worth picked her up and sprinted to
safety.

  But the plant was no longer a menace.
Its tentacles lay like a mat of white vines
RAIDER OF THE SPACEWAYS

63

ever its eyes, protecting them from the
glare. Beyond the reach of the monster
Kenworth put Thona down, anxiously
felt for her pulse.

  She was unhurt. The soft soil had
broken the force of her fall. In a mo-
ment she sat up, terror in her eyes.

  "We’re safe, Thona,” Kenworth said,
conscious of the bitter irony of the words.
And, echoing him, came the sound of a
flat, metallic laugh.

  “Quite safe. And thanks for the light.
I’d never have found you otherwise.”

  Kenworth wheeled, just as the great
bulk of the collection ship grounded near
by. Framed in the open portal was the
Raider, his dark face immobile. In his
hand was a ray-tube.

  “Don’t move,” he said quietly. "I can
paralyze you in a moment.’’

  Thona whispered, “The Patrol
ship-”

  “I destroyed it. Come!”

  Thona and Kenworth exchanged hope-
less glances. Then, shrugging, Kenworth
moved forward. Satisfaction gleamed in
the Raider’s eyes.

  There came a swift rustle of move-
ment from behind him. He staggered,
nearly fell. Racing out of the ship came
the octan, shrilling its thin cry.

  Tt scuttled past Kenworth and went
flashing away. Kenworth clicked off his
light-tube, and, thrusting it in his pocket,
leaped for the Raider. He stumbled over
the threshold of the ship’s portal. Light
flared.

  The Raider stood almost beside him, a
light-tube in one hand, a ray-tube in the
other. He jumped back, keeping the ray-
tube leveled. Kenworth, tensed to spring,
realized the futility of such an attempt.

  "Get in the ship,” the Raider said
coldly.

Yakko, the Martian, came to the por-
tal. He fluted a question at the
Raider, who gestured into the surround-
ing gloom, said something in his fiat
voice. The Martian hesitated — and
turned his head slowly, listening. Then
he, too, took a step forward, another step
—and raced away in the track of the
octan!

  “Vakko!” The Raider’s voice was per-
emptory, menacing. He swung the ray-
tube away from Kenworth, paused.

  The Martian was lost in the shadows.

  Arn came out of the ship. He paid no
attention to the others, but simply walked
off into tlie gloom, his pace steadily in-
creasing.

  Thona turned. She began to follow
him.

  The Raider was behaving oddly. He,
too, stood in an attitude of listening.
And throbbing within Kenworth’s brain
came that curious sense of movement
that he had already experienced. And
this time it summoned.

  It called—beckoned! He felt himself
swaying to ware} the shadows where the
others had vanished. He saw the Raider's
face, astonishment in the black eyes, saw
light-tube and ray-tube drop from the
pirate's hands. What had the plant-thing
said? “Thoughts . . . command . . . drags
you to thought-giver.’’

  Like a great wave, blackness engulfed
him!

Thud . . . thud . . . rhythmic thud-
ding ... of racing feet . . . slowly
Kenworth fought back to consciousness.
He saw bobbing figures outlined against
a strangely blue glow before him, heard
hoarse breathing. At his side was the
Raider, gaunt face expressionless, run-
ning easily. But why were they running?

  Realization struck home to him. The
darkness that had shrouded his mind
lifted. He saw his surroundings.
64

WEIRD TALES

  He was in a crater—vast, with distant
jagged walls that marched like a great
ramp. It was lighted .by a bluish radiance
that .came from a mound in the crater’s
center—a strange mound, glistening and
heaving very slowly.

  The 'bobbing 'figures ahead paused.
Kenworth saw the elongated silhouette
of the Martian, saw Arn’s bulky body,
the slim form of Thona. He came up
with them, stopped. The last traces of
the fog lifted from his mind.

  He caught Thona in his arms, fearful
that she might race away again. The
Martian pointed, and Arn growled an
oath.

  The racing form of the octaii was still
moving swiftly across the crater's floor
toward the glistening knoll. It raced on-
ward, flung itself on the mound—and
was engulfed! It disappeared in the shin-
ing, radiant surface. The blue glow
brightened briefly, faded again.

  Kenworth heard the Raider cursing in
a dull, hopeless monotone.

  Arn said, with a curious catch in his
gruff voice, "What—is that thing?”

  The Raider said, "Don’t you remember
the Karla crater? On Mars?"

  Am paled beneath .his space-bum. He
said* "But this creature-"

  "Is larger. Yes. A hundred times lar-
ger. But it’s the same kind of being."

 "What do yon mean?" Kenworth
broke in. "Do you know what that—
creature—is?”

  As the Raider glanced at him Ken-
worth realized that the man was an
enemy, and stepped back involuntarily.
But the other made no hostile move.

  "I know,” the Raider said. "Yes. And
I know we’ll all be dead very shortly.”
He shrugged. "I saw one of these once
in a Martian crater. It's alive—but a life-
form entirely alien to us. It’s unicellular.
I had a scientist in my crew then, and he
explained it fco me. Said it might have

come on—or in—a meteorite, as the cra-
ter seemed to indicate. Or it might have
evolved . . , it’s an ameba."

  Arn said slowly, "There wasn’t a liv-
ing thing—nothing but plants and trees
—for miles around the Korla crater."

  "And that thing was small — very
small. Yet we felt its influence."

  "Telepathy!" Kenworth said. "It seat
out thought-impulses to capture us . . ,
but an ameba?”

  "Yes. It’s a unicellular creature —
Janna told me—an alien life-form, de-
veloped along lines unfamiliar to us. It
has no need to seek food—it draws food
to it by means of its powerful thought-
commands. Vakko!"

  But the Martian was gone—racing
across the creater floor toward the glisten-
ing mound. They watched, fascinated, as
Vakko approached the creature—and was
engulfed. A thin scream came to them.
Then silence.

  "What are we waiting for?” Kenworth
snapped. "Come on!”

  But he did not move. Astonishment
showed on his face.

  The Raider laughed grimly. "Because
we can’t get away. I’ve been trying . . .
the thing's holding us with its thought-
commands—dragging us to it, one by
one!”

6. In the Crater

Desperately Kenworth struggled.
He could move, he found, .but only
in one direction-—toward the shining
blue mound. He could almost feel the
thought-commands pressing a blanket
upon his brain, slowing his movements,
pulling at him—like a snake holding a
bird with its hypnotic glare, drawing it
closer to the gleaming fangs!

  He felt Thona move, struggle to
escape from his arms. He said sharply,
"Thona!”

                     W. T.—4
RAIDER OF THE SPACEWAYS

6%

 A film seemed to be over her eyes.
Abruptly this vanished, and she stared at
him fearfully. He held her closer.

 The Raider said, "Janna—the scientist
—was quite enthusiastic — wanted to
study the thing closely. He nearly did for
us, too. Luckily I set the controls on the
ship before I lost consciousness. When I
recovered we were nearly past Phobos.
And that was scarcely a tenth as large as
this creature!”

 Arn said, "The ray-tubes-”

 "We tried them,” the Raider re-
minded him. "Don’t you remember? We
couldn’t hurt it. Even the ship’s ray-
tubes failed. Janna said the thing built
up some sort of resistance that shunted
off the rays. The powers of such a crea-
ture!” he cried, and for the first time
Kenworth heard emotion in the Raider’s
voice. "It’s destroyed all animal life on
the Night Side!”

 Arn moved forward swiftly. The
Raider ran after him, seized his arm.
For a moment the two moved together
toward the crater's center; then the Raider
released Arn. Perspiration dewed his
gaunt face as he turned back, but he
could not retrace his steps. He stood fac-
ing Kenworth, his mouth a tight line.
Abruptly he pointed.

 Kenworth turned, saw a faint glow in
the sky, far beyond the crater’s rim.

 "There!” the Raider said. "My light-
tube. I dropped it by the ship. If we
could escape, we could find cur way back
by that-”

 He turned, shrugging. Arn was quite
dose to the blue mound now. His arm
was outstretched, and Kenworth caught a
glance of light on metal. Arn was raying
the monster.

 Useless! A little sparkle showed that
the tube had fallen from Arn’s hand.
He sprang forward—and was engulfed!
W. T.—5

  The blue light brightened. Sparkling
threads of radiance shot through the
mound. It pulsated more swiftly.

  The Raider looked over his shoulder.
"Janna said it—eats—not so much for
food as for—emotion. It can draw its
food from the soil, like a plant, he said.
He thought it gets some sort of unearthly
pleasure from what it devours.”

  Incredible . . . and yet—mankind’s de-
velopment w'as both mental and emo-
tional. Why could not this ameboid thing
have developed its sense of emotion at
the expense of intelligence? A mindless
entity, sending out its thought-commands
by instinct, as a pitcher-plant exudes its
luring fluid to attract victims ... it was
possible, Kenworth knew. The blue light
had flared brighter when Arn was en-
gulfed than when the octan or the Mar-
tian had been—v/as that because Arn’s
brain v/as more highly developed, had
given the creature more pleasurable sen-
sations?

  The creature was as far removed from
an ameba as man was. On earth the
ameba had changed, evolved from a uni-
cellular being to a creature of many cells.

  But if the cell had not divided? Its
evolution would have been far different!
And an ameba had no intelligence, had
but the urge of hunger. Might not a
creature descended directly from a single-
celled ameba be an entity living for sen-
sation alone, its hunger urge taking the
place of all other pleasurable sensations?
Sex? The thing was sexless!

  But that the monster could be ac-
counted for scientifically did not lessen
its deadly menace. For suddenly Thona
tore herself from Kenworth’s arms, went
racing toward the blue mound.

  For a moment Kenworth stared, un-
moved. Then he sprinted after her,
shouting her name. Could he catch her
in time?
66

WEIRD TALES

  Not twenty feet from the mound he
seized her, held her tightly. She fought
him furiously, and he was forced to
prison her arms to her sides. She kicked
him, but his tough boots saved him from
injury.

  And now within Kenworth’s mind the
blackness began to grow again. The
thought-command grew more powerful,
usurping his brain. He fought frantic-
ally, but still the summoning call dragged
at him. He began to move toward the
blue mound, still clutching Thona to him.

  One half of his mind seemed to hold
aloof, watching, while the other part,
obeying the thought-summons, dragged
him forward. Helpless bird moving to-
ward a hungry snake’s fangs! His breath-
ing was harsh in the dead stillness.

HIS foot struck something, the ray-
tube Am had dropped. Somehow
he bent over, scooped it up. But Thona
pulled free, moved toward the waiting
mound. It was nearly twenty feet high,
pulsating, shot with glowing veins. Ken-
worth managed to lift the tube, although
he felt as though he was lifting an im-
possibly heavy weight.

  But he could not ray the monster.
Thona was in the path of the beam.
Moreover, Am had tried the ray’s power,
and had failed. The monster had dragged
him forward inexorably.

  The thought flashed into Kenworth’s
mind, and he acted swiftly. He touched
the button on the tube that adjusted the
ray to half-strength, sent that paralyzing
beam darting out. The blue mound was
not troubled; but Thona stopped, crum-
pled in a limp heap to the ground. Para-
lyzed—unable to obey the monster’s
thought-command!

  Kenworth turned the tube., sent its
beam tingling through his body. Ice
gripped him. He fell.

  There was a queer numbness in his
head, and the sense of movement within
his brain grew more pronounced. But he
could not move. He was safe—until the
effects of the ray wore off!

  He looked for the ray-tube. It was be-
side him, and he knew that when the
paralysis wore off he could seize it, send
the ray through Thona and himself again.
But eventually the tube would become
exhausted. Death had not been avoided
—it had merely been postponed.

  Pacing into view came the Raider. Al-
most at Kenworth’s side he stopped.
Veins ridged his forehead with the tre-
mendous effort he put forth. He re-
mained Iijce an image of stone, and Ken-
worth saw sweat running down his gaunt
cheeks, dripping from his chin.

  The terrible, silent battle went on.
Still the Raider fought, glaring straight
ahead at the blue mound.

  It was a conflict that could have but
one ending. Suddenly the Raider moved,
made a hasty clutch for the ray-tube at
his feet. But before he touched it he
stiffened. His mask-like face turned to-
ward the mound.

  The Raider stood up.

  He took a few slow steps—and rushed
forward. A hoarse bellow of defiance
roared out from his throat. He leaped
upon the mound! The shining blue sub-
stance surged up around him in swift
ameboid movement, engulfing him.

  For a moment there was no change in
the monster. Then, very suddenly, the
blue light brightened. The sparkling
veins gleamed coldly brilliant. The thing
pulsated more swiftly.

  The blue light shone brighter. The lit-
tle veins were like white-hot threads of
metal, and the pulsations became more
rapid. The mound surged up! It rose
into a great pillar of blazing blue light,
RAIDER OF THE SPACEWAYS

67,

and a core of intolerable brilliance began
to shine within it. It throbbed and
rocked with ecstasy! It shuddered with
infinite pleasure!

 And Kenworth remembered — the
Apia!

 A year’s supply of the drug, gathered
from hundreds of farms, had been in the
tube-belt about the Raider’s waist. A
Jrop of the substance would last a man
(or months. What had the Raider called
it? "Pure emotion . . . days of almost
unendurable ecstasy.”

 And the belt had held a year’s yield
)f elysia!

 Throbbing, the mound rocked, blazing
radiance poured from it. The core of
light in the pillar was incandescent, flam-
wg with cold fire. It streamed out blind-
ingly.

 And the light snapped out and van-
shed!

 Utter darkness filled the crater. Flash-
ing light images still played on Ken-
rorth’s eyes, but these faded swiftly. He
ilinked experimentally.

 The paralysis was leaving him. The
ay-tube must have been almost ex-
lausted. Life flooded back into his veins,
fie fumbled in a pocket, found the light-
ube he had dirust there just before the
ingulfing blackness had blotted out his
enses. He heard Thona stirring.

 "Dal!” Her voice was frightened. He

clicked on the light, saw her on her feet.
His eyes widened as he stared past her.

  For there lay the blue mound—no
longer blue, no longer—living! Pale and
translucent it lay in a shapeless pile, and
within it Kenworth saw the filaments—
black threads now.

  Thona said, unbelievingly, "It’s —
dead!”

  Kenworth echoed her. "Dead. The
elysia did it—the Raider saved us, Thona,
though he didn’t know it. The creature
lived on sensation—but there’s a limit to
everything. A dozen drops of elysia will
kill a man; and that tremendous dose of
the drug simply burned out the thing's
life! It was like sending a billion volts
of electric current through a copper wire
—it burned out the nerve-tissues. It's
dead, Thona!”

  Her eyes were very bright as she
looked up at him. He drew her close,
flung out an arm toward the crater’s rim
where a pale glow shone in die sky.

  "And tiiere’s die light-tube the Raider
dropped. It’ll guide us to the ship.”

  For a brief space they stood silent, two
tiny figures lost in an immensity of black-
ness that pressed in from all sides—like
the race of Man, on three little worlds
lost in the vastness of infinity, staring
out into the unknown. Then, together,
they began to walk forward—symbol of
man—unafraid—conquering!
Wte

ast Pharaoh

By THOMAS P. KELLEY

'A strange weird novel of a castle of doom on the West African coast—an
unbelievably fascinating tale of an English girl and her American
sweetheart, and the amazing fate that befell them

The Story Thus Far

SHANGHAIED to a mysterious fort-
ress on the West African coast—the
Castle of Gloom — Neil Bryant,
young American, together with the lovely
Carol Terry and the latter’s brother, Bob,
are taken to its age-old throneroom,
•where, amid ranks of guarding black sol-
dier)', two human heads smile on them
from bowls of stone—Atma, beauteous
princess of old Egypt, and Karamour, last
of the Pharaohs!

  Here the surprized Terrys learn they
are the descendants of the great Queen
Hatshepsut, who ruled Egypt thirty-four
hundred years ago. In the tale of Kara-
mour they hear how the Queen fled be-
fore the rebellious hordes of Thothmes
III, of her death in a lonely cave near
Cusae, and Atma’s own escape from the
rebel leader in the capital city of Mem-
phis.

  They learn of the wise Sarcus and his
Golden Oil of eternal life; how the prin-
cess of Egypt and Karamour made ready
for the experiment that would render
them immune to the centuries; of the
separating of their heads from their
bodies, and then at the supreme moment,
when their lifeless forms were to be
plunged into the vats that would
strengthen them for the ages, of the ar-
row that flew into the tower to bury itself
in the breast of Sarcus.

  Their narrator tells of the flight of his
small army from the oncoming Thothmes;

of their months of wandering, and the
journey’s end by the waters of the great
sea—they had spanned the Sahara Desert.
He tells of the building of the aged
fortress, of his long centuries of stud
that he might unite once more the heat
of the Princess, as well as his own, each
to a walking body in whose veins stil
flowed the royal blood of Egypt, a form
appropriate to their station. Then,
last, of how the required knowledge hat
become his, to conclude with the words:
"And that, oh strangers, is why you have
been summoned!’’

  The story continues:

     €8

 Ttut btory be&an in WtUBD

12.	Princess, or What?

As THE last of the Pharaohs had told
k- his enthralling story, we three pris
oners sat like stone images, fascinated
while we watched the bodiless head of
Karamour. The unbelievable antiquit)’,
the glorious history of the talking head,
forbade any answering retorts or protests,
The ranks of guarding soldiery were
quiet and motionless. Doctor Zola alone
had seemed alive, and alternately his eyes
rested upon us, as though to note the ef-
fects of his ruler s words.

  "Perhaps, oh Prince,” he drawled in
his softest tone, "perhaps the stupi(
islanders are still in some doubt as to
your meaning. Allowances must be made
for their disgusting ignorance, Son of Ra,
Recall you that they were even unaware

TAUCS for May.
THE LAST PHARAOH

69

as to their ancestry; oblivious to that
greatest of all honors. Truly the bodies
have descended from the ancient world,
but the brains hold not its wisdom. The
learning of old Egypt has long since de-
parted from the minds of the fair race.”

  The dark head looked at Carol, frown-
ing.

  "But surely, you must have known that
you are descended from the great Hat-
shepsut; that your distant fathers had
been kings in the halls of Kemi, five
thousand years before Troy was found-
ed?”

  "And how was she to know?” demand-
ed Bob Terry. 'You yourself have ad-
mitted in this cock-and-bull story that the
Queen ruled Egypt over thirty-four cen-
turies ago. No one can truthfully trace
his ancestry to such distant antiquity—it’s
ridiculous.”

  'Your mother was Egyptian,’’ remind-
ed Zola.

  "And yours French,” countered the
Englishman. "But does that necessarily
relate you to Joan of Arc?”

   "Bah! that is all beside the point.”

'This then wos the dread pit so (eared by the inmates ol the castle."
,70

WEIRD TALES

  "Damned if it is! That is all right to
the point, and you know it.”

  "Desist!” commanded the dark head
sternly. "Such conduct is both useless
and improper before the last of the
Oekheperkere. ”

  His eyes flashed toward the defiant
Terry. "You are wrong, young stran-
ger, in thinking that ancestry cannot be
traced to such a distant past. I have fol-
lowed yours most carefully. Ah, how
well was I informed through the cen-
turies—my secret spies ever watching
your forefathers as I labored and hoped
for the great day when I might have need
for them! And you think I do not know
your departed? Listen:

  "The second son of Hatshepsut’s child
Norfruse, a rash, impetuous youth, fled
from the great palace with a dark-eyed
concubine of Crete, the favorite of his
father, die Pharaoh. Making their way to
distant Jerusalem, his descendants re-
mained in that ancient city till its de-
struction by the armies of Nebuchadnez-
zar, some nine hundred years later. From
Babylon to Damascus, from the great
walls of Troy to distant Nineveh, the
children of the mother Queen wandered,
to return to their homeland in the reign
of the Ptolemies.

  "Not always was the blood of the
Oekheperkere in luxury and comfort.
The river of time brought many changes
of position and station; jewels and silks
for some generations, poverty and hunger
for the others—ever swaying from the
highest to the worst, with only their
courage and lineage eternal.

  "Often your forefathers fought as com-
mon foot-soldiers in the armies of Persia
and Carthage—archers for Hannibal,
warriors for Xerxes, slingers who per-
ished on Marathon’s plain.”

  For a moment he paused to flash his
age-old eyes upon us. Then:

  "Yes, bold youth, I know well your

blood. I have too long watched to err at
this supreme moment. Undoubtedly, you
are the descendant of the great Hat-
shepsut.”

  Bob Terry gave a gesture of impatience.

  "And supposing that i am—it could
mean nothing to you. Egypt’s glory has
gone. We now live in a different age, a
new environment. Must one be dragged
from his home like a common felon, sim-
ply because his ancestors may have been
savage rulers thousands of years ago?”

  "It could mean nothing to me?” cried
the dark head in surprize. "You say that
it could mean nothing to me! Then, why
would you suppose I have had your blood
traced through the ages? Why should I
secure the services of Doctor Zola, the
greatest surgeon of the day, to assist me
in this great venture? Why did I build
this fortress over thirty-four centuries
ago?”

  Carol Terry staggered to her feet.

  "We do not know! We do not know!”
she v/ailed. "Words, words — always
words and yet no meaning. Ten days of
mental hell have passed, but still we do
not know your purpose. Torture—kill if
you must—but for God’s sake, tell us
why?”

  And before I could spring forward to
catch her, Carol Terry had slipped to the
floor in a swoon.

I had lifted her to the chair, when the
voice of the Pharaoh spoke again.

  "It is just as well. What is to be said
will no doubt fall hard on the tender ears
of the golden one. Give her your atten-
tion, Doctor, while I speak to the sullen
males.”

  "To the tower of surgery?” asked Zola,
as he held the girl’s limp body in his
arms.

  The dark head nodded, and when tha
Frenchman disappeared with his burden„
turned his dark eyes once more upon us„
TOE LAST PHARAOH

711

  "As to the rest, I shall be brief. From
the blood of the Oekheperkere I have
come. It is to that royal lineage which I
shall now return, I am to be free—to
live, to laugh, to walk once more.”

  The voice sank to a trembling whisper
of desire.

  "I will be free—to conquer!”

  Had 1 gone mad? Was all this some
wild hallucination or a grim reality? The
bodiless ruler continued:

  "Yet I must return only as a Pharaoh;
a true son of old Egypt in whose veins
still flows the blood of the mother Queen.
You, pale Englishman of the outer world,

have the body I must own. It is-”

  His dark eyes turned upon me. "Are
you the intruder? You are he, of whom
I was told? You were not summoned,
nor are you a royal one?”

  For the first time I spoke to Karamour:
"My being here is through no fault of
my own. The lying fiend you call Doc-
tor Zola caused my capture as he did like-
wise to my companions. We were be-
trayed through deceit and-”

  "Then what is to be said is not for
your ears. It is best that you be chained
and held till some near-by hour, when
your fate will be decided.

  "Bansura!” he called to a near-by black,
"take that carrion to the dungeons to be
held till summoned.”

  “But carefully,” cried the beauty from
the stone bowl. "No harm must come to
him if you would keep your eyes.—Fear
not, man of the new land,” she spoke to
me. "If the eleven Gods but smile on
the great experiment, your release is but
a matter of hours. Truly, you have found
favor in the eyes of Atma.”

  Why did the swarthy face of Karamour
stare at me with a look of hatred?

  A tall negro came forward.

  "Go with him, old fellow,” put in
Terry, as I made ready to resist the black.

"Won’t do any good to try a scufHe—
hundred to one against us.”

  "Resistance is a folly we punish
severely,” warned the Pharaoh.

  And so it was that I submitted to be
led from the goldcn-floored throneroom
of Karamour. True, a struggle, however
useless, might have been more heroic, but
in the end it would have been all the
same.

  At the great folding doors I paused
for one last look at that weird assembly,
to behold all eyes upon me—the watch-
ing soldiery, the stern Egyptian monarch,
and smiling Bob Terry, who waved a
brave farewell.

  But Atma: The eyes of the Princess
had been turned toward me in an encour-
aging smile; a friendly beam intended to
dispel any fear or foreboding that might
have been mine. Yet, now as I halted
and faced her, for a fleeting instant the
lovely face hardened. Two exquisite
brows raised slightly, and then came the
one swift gesture that has ever been the
world’s oldest. No haughty glare, no be-
sieging look of wordless appeal or the be-
guiling smile of the coquette—but a
wink; a quick lowering of a long-lashed
lid that needed no words to complete its
apparent purpose; the meaning signal
that has announced iniquity since the
dawning of time; the age-old professional
sign of the first Daughter of Sweetness.

Held in the strong hands of two stal-
wart blacks, I was roughly hustled
down a long corridor that led to the gap-
ing entrance of a subterranean passage.
Here waited another, a dark, towering
Arab of war-like visage, whose curved
sword hung from a heavy belt.

  As we drew nearer, the tall man smiled
and spoke some unknown words to the
blacks that caused them to laugh loudly.
Grasping a lighted torch from a niche,
the grim swordsman motioned us to fo 1-
72

WEIRD TALES

low, and led the way down a vast series
of time-worn steps. We made our falter-
ing way ever farther into the earth. A
damp coldness told of our great distance
below the surface.

  We halted before a sturdy wooden
door, securely held by massive iron bars.
Stopping only to unlock and push the
shrieking obstacle aside, we entered a
low-ceilinged vault that was destined to
be my prison.

  The floor of the foul-smelling pit was
covered with a hard, moist sand. Mighty
iron rings were set in the stone walls. To
these were fastened heavy chains, and at
the far end of several of the chains were
the attached forms of whitened skeletons.

  One of these the Arab kicked ruthless-
ly aside. The large padlock was then
opened, and the chain that had so recent-
ly held the gleaming bones of one long
dead, was clasped around my ankle. For
a while the three talked in an unknown
tongue. Then they left, taking the light
with them.

  I was alone without hope of succor;
alone in the deep dungeon of an ancient
castle, with only drying bones of dead
men for companions—men whose hor-
rible fate I might so soon be called upon
to share.

  For twelve long hours of mental tor-
ment and worry I remained in the black
pit of Karamour. Leaning against the
rocky walls of the dungeon I thought of
the strange words of the Pharaoh: "You
pale Englishman of the outer world, have
the body I must own. Once again may
I become whole.’’ I sought their mean-
ing, but in vain. Why did he need us?
Supposing there was some possible truth
to that impossible tale, how could the
Terrys help him from his hopeless pre-
dicament? What could the Englishman
do that would be of any assistance to him?

  My reveries were suddenly broken by
a light, hesitant tread on the steps be-

yond. My nerves gave a sharp tingle at
the sound. Was it the noise of the Aral)
swordsman coming to lead me to some
terrible doom? Could it be some hor-
rible beast whose keen scent had detected
my presence, that was now entering to
destroy me? Turning my head toward
the sound, with straining eyes I awaited
my unknown visitor. There was a pause
beyond die doorway, and then I heard
the heavy breathing of one who had come
both far and fast. The door was pushed
slowly open to shriek in dismal protest
against this unaccustomed disturbance,
and with flaming torch held high, the tall
form of Captain Alexis Barakoff entered
the foul dungeon.

The cruel smile that habitually lit his
dark face had vanished. Instead the
bearded features showed only a fright-
ened excitement, as his restless eyes wan-
dered incessantly to the surrounding
blackness.

  "You are still alive!" he whispered,
with an effort.

  I nodded. He swung his torch around
to light every corner of that dreary
dungeon.

  "Not a pretty place, Alonsieur. These
gruesome pits have been haunted by the
ghosts of tortured men for over three
thousand years. Ghostly blue lights
flicker at frequent intervals, while the
great vaults are filled with a hideous
laughter.”

  An agonized scream sounded far above

us.

  "Pay no attention to that, Bryant, but
listen to me, as you value your life.” He
knelt quickly beside me, his bearded face
but an inch from mine. "Answer my
questions truthfully. You will find it to
your advantage if you do so. Softly
though—even the pits of Karamour have
ears. Can you hear me?”

  "I hear you.”
THE LAST PHARAOH

73

  "Good! Now, first of all, tell me, is it
true what I have heard Zola say—that
you are a man of great wealth?”

  Instinctively I knew that the truthful
answer of "no” would not only be harm-
ful, but would discourage the Russian
from further confidences. I must not re-
linquish this unexpected hope.

  "I have money,” I answered, feigning
skepticism, "a great deal of it. But why
speak of that now?”

  A smile of relief stole over the beard-
ed features.

  "You wish to be free?” he asked.

  "I don’t relish the idea of starving
here.”

  "Then listen,” came the low voice. "I
have been sent to return you to your
former room. It is there that he intends
you should stay. The great devil is mad-
dened with joy at his new-found free-
dom, and has actually become gracious.
Oceans of his ancient wines have been
brought from the cellars for his war-
riors; two slaves have been given over to
the tortures that make a gala holiday for
the tribesmen. For once their vigilance is
lax. It is at such a time that we must act.

  "Tonight I leave for Havana to take
on another consignment of guns. It
should be a simple matter for you to
drop from the balcony and evade the
night guards. They will be half drunk
anyway, celebrating their master’s release.
Once free of the castle, you could easily
follow the coast line for a mile to the
south, eh?”

  "It should not be hard,” I agreed.

  "It will not be hard. Nor is it difficult
for me to have the yacht halted and a small
boat rowed ashore to pick you up and
bring you aboard. Yes, it could be done,
and I might consider doing it, though
my risk is a great one.”

  "What do you wish in return?” I
asked.

  "What is your freedom worth to you?”

  I could scarce suppress a smile. Even
in the age-old pits of an Egyptian Pha-
raoh, avarice and greed were prevalent.
With an effort I looked into the watch-
ing eyes of the expectant Russian.

  "I w'ill pay you well, Captain Bara-
koff.”

  "You will pay me five thousand
pounds and not a ruble less. The venture
is worth twice the amount, but my kind
heart ever goes out to the unfortunate.

  "Oh, the transaction is a simple one,”
he continued. "Once aboard the yadit
you can wire your American bankers and
have the amount waiting for us at
Havana. None need ever know of our
little business affair, and it will be easy
for you to procure passage from the
Cuban port to your own country. That
is the price of your life and liberty, Mon-
sieur Bryant. Do you agree?”

  "Agreed,” I answered.

  The Russian bent forward, and with
his ready key opened the lock that held
me.

  "Be careful,” he cautioned. "That
damned Usanti is everywhere, and re-
ports his hearings to the Pharaoh.

  "Station yourself at the window to-
night, and shortly after nine, when you
see the lighted yacht steam out and leave
the harbor—act. A small boat will be
waiting for you a mile up the beach. But
come, already have we delayed too long.
There must not be the slightest sus-
picion to arouse their ever skeptical
minds.”

  We had started for the stairs, when I
suddenly halted.

  "One moment. The plan for my es-
cape is all well and good, but what of my
companions?”

  My demand visibly annoyed the com-
mander of the Star of Egypt.

  "Well, what of them?”

  "A great deal. Wre must arrange to
74

WEIRD TALES

take them with us. I certainly cannot
.leave without them."

  "Sh—not so loud, not so loud’” he
hissed. "You do not realize your dan-
ger. Spies are everywhere. No, we can-
not take them—the risk is too great.
You must come alone. Besides—well,
perhaps they would not care to come with
us anyway.”

   An unaccountable chill of horror swept
over me at his words.

  "What do you mean?” I whispered,
turning quickly toward him. "They have
not been harmed? They are still alive?”
The bearded Russian stared stupidly at
me.

  "Answer me!” I shouted, an awful
fear rising at his silence. "What has been
done to them? Are they alive?”

  The man raised his hands in a fright-
ened, imploring manner.

  "For God’s sake, Monsieur, be quiet!”
he sobbed. "He will have us thrown into
the pit! Oh, you do not know him. Yes,
yes, your friends are alive. They are still

alive, but-” The sudden appearance

of a descending black cut short his words.

  The fellow’s approach had been noise-
less. A short, sickly-looking, repulsively
ugly figure, his bloodshot eyes looked
suspiciously at our startled faces.

  "The great Pharaoh has commanded
that I conduct the prisoner to his quar-
ters, Captain Barakoff,” he whined in a
shrill voice, "and for you to report to him
at once.”

   The Russian gave a feeble smile.

  "Of course, Usanti,” he faltered. "We
—I—we were just leaving. Yes, of
course. Come, Bryant.”

  As we mounted the steps, the eyes of
Barakoff signaled a swift warning of
silence. The man’s fear of discovery was
almost pathetic in his struggling efforts
for a bearing of indifference. For my
part, I said nothing, but that our plan-

ning had entirely escaped the ears of the
black, I was doubtful.

  On reaching the great corridors above,
the Russian walked briskly toward the
distant hall of pillars; while I, following
the tiny black, was led once more to my
allotted room.

13.	1 Talk with Atma

STANDING on the tiny balcony that led
from my luxurious chamber, I could
look far over the terrace below where
stood the swarthy raiders of Karamour.
Numerous white-robed Arabs, standing
singly or in small groups, smoked their
strong tobacco as they talked in the lonely
gardens. Intermingled with the chatting
guests were several Negro slaves, their
naked black bodies a strone contrast to

                        O

the snowy garments of the idlers, who
silently served in tiny cups the thick, hot
coffee so loved by the dark sons of the
desert.

  A little apart from the general group,
three old sheiks looked attentively at a
tall, richly robed man, whose ringing
voice and imperative gestures showed
him to be one of importance. Far below,
in the lazy sea, the Star of Egypt appeared
as a white dot on a world of blue.

  What purpose could have brought the
war-like horde to this fair Eden? The
care-free laughter and friendly manner of
the blacks showed that the castle had not
succumbed to attack. I had heard no
shouts of conflict, nor did the giant sol-
diery of the throneroom issue forth to
repel the invaders. Plainly they were al-
lies and followers of the bodiless ruler.

  As I stood watching the shouting horde
of muscular nomads, a dull, familiar noise
sounded far to the north. High in the
lonely Sahara sky floated the dark outline
of a tiny airplane, moaning dismally.
Nearer and nearer it came, till directly
over the castle it circled the giant for-
THE LAST PHARAOH

75:

tress, zooming lower as though making
ready to land.

  As the first sounds of the approaching
plane reached them, the Arabs lapsed
into a watchful silence. Dark hands
shaded searching eyes, while muscular
brown fingers toyed nervously with
wicked-looking knives. Could it be an
enemy, or had some lost flyer entered this
forbidden territory?

 Now, however, as the ship drew near-
er and a painted white skull appeared on
the under wings, all doubts vanished.
The watching Arabs broke into hoarse
cheering. Plainly the newcomer was both
expected and welcome.

 As the plane disappeared to find its
landing-field behind the palace, the com-
manding figure shouted a brief order to
his cohorts. Instantly the wild horde
rushed from the gardens to greet the
grim-omened flyer.

 Among the last of the stragglers I
noticed the running figure of the gro-
tesque Usanti. Did his presence there
mean that I was unguarded? Quickly I
made for the door, to find a deserted cor-
ridor without. The landing plane had
temporarily gained the attention of the
castle’s inmates. This, then, was the ideal
moment to search for the missing Terrys,
and knowing my time to be limited, I
stole quickly down the silent hallway.

  It was a weird sensation, this treading
the unknown corridors of a Pharaoh’s
castle; a mighty fortress whose great
foundations had been dug some fourteen
hundred years before the tragedy on Cal-
vary. It seemed as though I had sudden-
ly been transplanted back through the
centuries to a far distant day when the
world was young.

 At the far end of the hall a gilded
door, slightly ajar, led to a large cham-
ber, similar to my own. Into this spacious
room I made my quiet way, to find cau-
tion unnecessary. The abode was empty.

   A small door, at the right led to a tiny
balcony, from which I could see the
shouting Arabs swarming around the now
landed plane. There must have been a
hundred of them, tall, powerful men,
who pulled and laughed good-naturedly
at the small bedraggled figure that de-
scended from the cock-pit.

  The flyer received their rough atten-
tions smilingly, and shook hands with
several of the company. Then, leaving
the blacks to unload the many tiny brown
packages from the ship’s interior, the
laughing horde made its slow way back
to the fortress.

  The marble walls around me had been
recently shaded to a golden hue. That
the room belonged to one of high station
was evident by the costly furnishings and
elaborate wearing-apparel in the clothes-
press. Perhaps it was the quarters of the
Pharaoh himself. But all this brought me
no nearer in my quest, and I was about to
leave the chamber when my eyes were
widened by two almost simultaneous dis-
coveries. The first wras a loaded pistol
lying on a small stand near the doorway;
the other, a full-view portrait of Carol
Terry that stood on the massive dresser.

  The richly colored photo, undoubtedly
a recent one, showed the pretty girl in a
smiling, happy mood. Underneath in her
handwriting I knew so well were the
words: "With all my love—Carol.”

  Each hour but added to the mysteries
of this horrible castle of gloom. The
bodiless Pharaoh, the wondrous Princess;
humans who had seen and known the
glories of the past. Shouting fanatics
who thirsted for battle; the arrival from
the sky; and now the portrait of one, who,
until her recent capture, had never been
within a thousand miles of this ancient
structure.

  As I stood silent and perplexed before
the startling find, loud voices in the
halls below told that the swarthy com-
WEIRD TALES

pany had entered the palace. Quickly
pocketing the pistol, I stepped out into
the still deserted corridor. At the stair-
way, heavy treading told of the ascend-
ing guards. The hallway would soon
swarm with armed sentries, and knowing
further searching to be useless, I quietly
entered my own room, closing the door
behind me.

  The venture had not proven worthless.
I had seen the landing of the desert flyer,
discovered the puzzling portrait of Carol
Terry; and behind the large picture over
the bed, destructive and ready, was the
secreted pistol, waiting for the time when
I should need its powerful assistance.

I ate that afternoon a gentle knock
*4 sounded on my door as a musical
voice asked softly, '‘May I enter?”

  The frail obstacle was pushed aside,
and a vision of loveliness stood in the
doorway. Two indescribably beautiful
long-lashed eyes rolled beneath a waving
mass of black hair. Slightly parted red
lips displayed a perfect row of teeth,
while the tall, shapely body, richly ap-
pareled in a low-cut gown of shimmering
white satin that revealed the full outline
of her lovely breasts, moved with the soft
ease of a tigress.

  Instantly I recognized the wondrous
features I had seen in the throneroom. It
was she whose lovely head had graced the
massive stone bowl, whose eternal his-
tory had been told by the Pharaoh, Atma,
Princess of Egypt!

  "You are surprized. Confess it now,
you really are surprized.”

  I had risen at the entrance of Hatshep-
sut’s lovely daughter.

  "Surprized!” I gasped, smilingly. "I—
I am amazed.”

  The beauty laughed gayly, and seating
herself on a plush-covered bench, crossed
shapely legs as her dark eyes smiled into
mine.

  "But you need not remain standing.”
Her manicured hand motioned to a chair.

  "Is it not the proper thing to do?” I
had asked.

  "We can dispense with formalities.
Just be your natural self—I know I will
enjoy it.”

  "In that case, you will find me curi-
ous.”

  "Curious? And why that?”

  Seated on a chair, I looked long and
earnestly at the superb creature before
me. Last night I had gazed at those same
exquisite features when it was only a head
that had spoken and watched me. And
now there sat an enchantress whose body
would have put to shame the form of a
Salome.

  "Princess Atma, there is one—there
are two things I would like very much to
know. I wonder if it would seem rude
for me to ask them.”

  The wondrous smile deepened.

  "And what are these so vitally impor-
tant questions?” she parried.

  Hopefully I continued.

  "What has become of my companions,
and where are they now? It is only right
I should know. We were dragged into
this horrible business together, but I feel
responsible for them. Also, how is it
that I see you as you now are, when last
night it was only a-” I paused, un-
certain of my words. "Oh, you must
know what I mean.”

  "Of course I do, and will readily
answer your queries—at least one of j
them. Your friends are safe—that I i
promise you! I talked to them but a j
short while ago, and had their own as-
surance as to their welfare. It is needless
to be alarmed or worried. Your other
question must go unanswered for a short
time. Later on, perhaps, when certain
changes have been effected, you may be
told.”

   "But it all seems so impossible.’'
THE LAST PHARAOH

77

  “And best, perhaps, when not thought
of. No,” she continued as I would have
remonstrated; "for the present you must
be satisfied with what I have told you.”
Her firm voice told the folly of insist-
ence.

  "The knowledge of my companions’
safety is a pleasant one, and I thank you,
Princess, for that consolation. As to the
other—I await its answer with patience,”
and I smiled at my lovely visitor.

  "It is well. You will know all in good
time, I promise. But come, tell me of
yourself, of your country—that great land
I have so yearned to see.”

  There was a world of longing in her
words, and the dark eyes looked search-
ingly at me, as though to find in my fea-
tures the answer to her curiosity.

  "I am afraid you would find it very
disappointing. It is only its distance that
lends enchantment. Black smoke, deaf-
ening noises and grimy high buildings
would scarce make a pleasant change
from the blue skies and peaceful quiet of
your own lovely land.”

  The daughter of the ages shook her
head in a cheerful negative.

  "No, I would love it. The new lands,
especially America, have fascinated me. I
thrill at the stories of its cool, high moun-
tains, its great cities and eager, reckless
people. 1 have dreamed through the years
of its gilded halls of pleasure, the ex-
clusive clubs and racing autos, gigantic
liners entering its harbors of a million
lights. Tell me of these many wonders.”
"Of course, if you wish it; yet it seems
rather needless. So accurate is your de-
scription, it would appear as though you
yourself had been there.”

  "Ah, those are only memories of what
I have heard. No, I have not yet traveled
to the new world, though the day is not
distant when that dream will be realized.”
And so for a long hour I told the
Egyptian Princess of the new lands that

lived and loved beyond the hot desert; of
their struggles for supremacy, the many
marvelous inventions of the recent years,
as well as a brief outline of the leading
figures that governed and worried a
harassed people.

  During my lengthy description Atma
had stared at me in wide-eyed fascination.
Plainly her heart had deserted the land
of the pyramids.

  "Oh, it is just as I knew it would be!”
she exclaimed when I had ended. "Ex-
actly like the countless books I have readi
and memorized through the waiting
years.”

   "You read English as well as speak it?'”
"1 read and speak all languages. E
learned them to help pass the dreary' cen-
turies. Alone, of ail humans, I can de-
cipher the two existing scrolls of the
Uzusiki, the original picture language of
the first yellow men who came from the
moon, eight thousand years ago.”

I MUST have looked the surprize I felfc.
"Then it is true! It is really true—
that wild unbelievable tale that was told
to us in the throneroom!”

  "The Prince of Egypt has not lied.”
"But it’s—it’s unthinkable! You are
so young—so very young; and yet it is
said you have known the Pharaohs.”
Again that bewitching smile.

  "I have seen many of the famous peo-
ple of history,” she admitted. "Thothmes
III, my own illustrious mother, as well as
the wise historian priest, Manetho. The
great Alexander has kissed my lips as he
pledged his undying vows of love. No
Arab ever thirsted for the sweet wells as
I yearned for my release and the strong

arms of Hannibal. Balkis too-”

  "Balkis?”

  "The Queen of Sheba,” explained
Atma. "Some five hundred years after
our horrible imprisonment, whispers of
Karamour’s great knowledge and won-
.78

WEIRD TALES

derful oil reached her in distant Chitor,
the city beyond the hot hills. Heading a
long caravan that contained her famed
treasures, the titian-haired ruler came to
this great fortress, asking of the Prince
the anointment of life eternal.

  "Karamour at that time had not per-
fected his golden elixir to the point of
enabling perpetual existence. The oil it-
self, while beneficial, could not grant im-
mortality without the aid of certain un-
known chemicals. He told his visitor that
she must wait till further years of study
had given him the required wisdom, but
this did not please the Queen. Knowing
that the oil would only preserve the fea-
tures as they were at the time of its use,
and fearing old age before the fluid
would be ready, the Sabean, who did not
like the thoughts of eternal life as an
aged woman, and hearing that Kara-
mour’s secret prayers to Osiris would
awaken from death’s sleep all who died
by the bitter drugs, drank of the fatal cup
of Ecila. Thus, dying while still young,
she could wait with content for the great
hour, assured that when perfected, and
having been called back and anointed
with the golden oil, she would pass on
down through the centuries while still in
the appearance of youthful glamor.”

  "But the Queen of Sheba is still dead,”
I reminded.

  "And always will be. Shortly after her
demise, Prince Karamour perfected the
right ingredient for the oil, as his ex-
periment with Zena, the Queen’s giant
guard, so satisfactorily proved; though it
was not till thirty centuries later that he
achieved his supreme triumph. But as for
raising the dead—it is only one of the
many myths of the ancient world.”

  "And you?” I asked. "Are you to be
young and beautiful through the ages to
come?”

  The royal Egyptian laughed gayly.
  "Sacred cat of Bubastis!” she cried,

"but you are inquisitive. But we will talk
no more of the Old World’s characters.
Let their memories, like their bones, rest
undisturbed. I would much rather hear
you. Tell me of the many pleasures of
your world. Ah, yes,” she added quickly,
"your dislikes—I would know of them.”
"And you have said that I am inquisi-
tive,” I smiled.

  "Curiosity,” she laughed, "—a femi-
nine trait tjiat must always be forgiven.”
"And so we find a Princess with a
fault?”

   "A Princess with many faults, perhaps;
nor do I wish to correct them.” The mu-
sical voice paused slightly, and then she
added: "And could you guess my latest
failing—one taught me by the Twentieth
Century?”

  "Not in a thousand years,” I had
answered.

  "You wish to know?”

   "With all my heart.”

  "Slang,” she whispered in mock seri-
ousness. "Those cute little words that are
so short, yet hold a world of meaning.”
"S-slang!” I gasped. "But where
could you have possibly learned it?”

  "From a very interesting teacher.
Billy was an American sailor that desert-
ed at Tangier. He had drifted down the
coast and stumbled on this wayward place
by chance. For two long years he was
here, and never a day passed that we did
not spend hours together. Chaktu! but he
was a darling; a burning, impatient dar-
ling, with his blue eyes and soft fair hair.
Oh, so gay, so careless and eager! Not
like the boresome fools of diis ancient
place, who talk only of Egypt’s lost glory
and of people long dead. Fie lived only
to love and laugh.”

  The eyes of Atma sparkled as she
spoke.

  "He fell wildly in love with me, and
talked only of the future and our escape.
Always he told what we should do whea
THE LAST PHARAOH

79!

I bad become whole. For countless hours
he amused me with his pleadings of love,
and then in a gay mood he would dance
and sing the most ridiculous songs till I
was weary with laughter. Oh, you should
have heard him,” she insisted.

  "And he has left?”

  ‘‘None ever leaves this castle of death.
Some spy must have overheard us and re-
ported it to Karamour. I never knew, or
bothered to ask. One day he disappeared
—that was all.”

  The calmness with which she spoke
the words horrified me.

  "So you must not be shocked if I use
the slang of your country.”

  "On the contrary, I would like it,” I
answered dryly, aware of a vague fear of
this weird creature.

The gray shades of eventide had now
stolen across the sky. Already could
be felt the first cool breeze that an-
nounced the quick coming of the tropical
night. High above us in the spiral bel-
fry, the evening bells were tolling the
lonely hour of dusk.

  My last answer had pleased the royal
beauty, and she now' leaned slightly to-
ward me. Her curving body glowed with
the flaming warmth of Africa. Her love-
ly face was temptingly close to mine. The
fragrance of a delicate perfume was waft-
ed toward me. A soft sigh escaped her
perfect lips; and then, with a thrill that
burned like dancing flames, her ivory fin-
gers ran through my hair.

  "I am going to like you,” came the
soft whisper. "I am going to like you
very much, and you w'ili quickly learn to
care for me. We will have wonderful
hours together—just you and I—wonder-
ful, happy hours. I must leave you now,
but carry your memory with me always.
Karamour departs at sunrise for a three-
day inspection of the desert tribes, taking
his savage raiders with him. There will

be but a few slaves left at the castle. Only
some faithful servants whose tongues are
ever silent—and ourselves!”

  Her voice was eager, expectant.
‘‘Tomorrow night, when the moon
hangs low over the waters, I will have
Zena bring you to the beach, where I will
be waiting. 'Will you come?”

  Like one entranced, I could but nod.

  ”1 will instruct the slaves to allow you
complete freedom, Mr. Bryant,” came her
clear voice, as she rose. “You will be at
liberty to come and go from the gar-
dens as you choose. Tonight Karamour
will send for you, but have no fear. I
have seen to your safety.”

  At the doorway the enchantress turned
suddenly, in a reckless wide-eyed manner.

  "Remember then,” she whispered
eagerly. "Tomorrow night on the beach
—we meet—alone—just you and I. And

when w7e do-” A snap of her fingers,

the roll of her eyes, accompanied the
next two sharply accented words:

  "Oh, Baby!”

14.	The Justice of Karamour

Early that evening I had taken my
solitary watch upon the tiny balcony
that gave a view of the lighted yacht in
the harbor below. The one forlorn hope
of freedom depended on my vigilance,
but long before the appointed time set by
the Russian as his hour of departure, the
hideous Usanti had come to escort me
once more to the tlironeroom.

  In the great reception hall lolled some
fifty Arab henchmen of the Pharaoh,
grim and silent in the shadows of the
pillars. But these richly robed men were
all chieftains. Plainly, some important
meeting could be expected. Their dark
eyes watched my every move with an
ominous silence.

  The Princess Atma had told me that I
might expect a summons to the throne-
80

WEIRD TALES

room. Perhaps it would mean another
lengthy oration by the bodiless Kara-
mour. If so, I would doubtlessly meet my
fellow prisoners. I longed to see Carol,
to talk to her, to hear from her own lips
that she was still unharmed.

  Presently we were joined by the gar-
rulous Zola. The sleek Frenchman, im-
maculate in white flannels, seemed in ex-
cellent spirits as he laughed and chatted
with the guards and tribesmen. How I
hated that cultured fiend!

  At length his wandering gaze fell
upon me, and with a loud exclamation of
pleasure he strode quickly forward.

  "Ah, Monsieur, but this is a surprize!
A glorious treat for us undeserving mor-
tals. As well as the leading sheiks and
tribesmen, Monsieur Biyant honors us
with his presence. He wishes to be a wit-
ness during the process of justice? Or can
it be that he u a bit alarmed as to what
fate might befall an accomplice of treach-
ery?"

  A disinterested yawn had no effect on
the mock politeness.

  "The brave Monsieur could hardly con-
sider himself dealt with unfairly if a sen-
tence of twenty lashes or the loss of one
eye was inflicted on his own person.
After all, his conduct on the Star of Egypt
was hardly that which would cause his
countrymen to cheer.”

  I looked squarely into the mocking
face.

  "Some day we are going to be alone,”
I told him softly. "Alone, where there
will be no surrounding guards or swords-
men to put you at an advantage. We will
then see if your conduct is such that
it would cause cheers. Cheers, Doctor
Zola—or will it be jeers?”

  The booming crash of a giant gong cut
short whatever retort he might have
given. As though awaiting this deafening
signal, the massive doors at the far end
of the hall were suddenly flung open

from within, and we were ushered into
the great throneroom of Karamour.

  On either side of the enormous cham-
ber were long tiers of seats. Toward
these we were motioned by the black
doormen, to sit in a strained, silent sus-
pense; and presently from a dark pas-
sageway beyond the throne, a tall figure
emerged from the cavernous depths be-
neath the room.

  As he came into the brilliant glare of
the chandeliers, with a thrill of horror I
recognized him. It was he—the dark
cruel head that had talked from the great
bowl—Karamour, the masterful Prince of
Egypt!

  Silently the inmates of the room stood
at attention, while the athletic figure
mounted the jewel-inlaid seat beneath the
canopy.

  ' Followers of Karamour,” he began,
"you see before you the blood of the
Oekneperkere, a survivor of that golden
age that was Egypt’s—the Eighteenth
Dynasty. Surely the Gods in granting my
rebirth have given sufficient proof that
Osiris smiles on our plans of eternal su-
premacy for the earth’s oldest civilization.

   "This morning after the early sacrifices
in the temple, as I stood on the high
tow'er of Horus to greet the rising Ra, I
was once more assured of the great cause.
'Destroy all others but the chosen,’ whis-
pered the desert winds. 'Slay if you must,
but make Egypt supreme,’ cooed a snow-
white dove that descended from the blue.
Surely this was the departed spirit of
Den-Setual. And then, as I waited and
thrilled at these heavenly omens, the
flaming God himself wrote five golden
words in the sky: 'For You An Eternal
Kingdom.’ ”

  The watching Arabs, impressed by the
wild words, nodded in silent assent.

  "Some six months ago you were sum-
moned to this great fortress. At that time
I knew the end of the great curse was at

                     W. T.—5
THE LAST PHARAOH

81

hand, and awaited only the arrival of the
pale people from the island to free me
from the living dead. Now I have again
become whole, and with that change
comes also the hour to strike.

  "Sheik Arbul Ben Kaden!”

A portly Arab, his leathery skin black-
ened by many years under the hot
Sahara sun, stepped forward.

  "Your report of the north,” demanded
Karamour.

  Sheik Arbul Ben Kaden bowed low.
"The words of the messengers have
met with a response far beyond our wild-
est dreamings, oh great one,” he
answered solemnly. "The hot sands of
Igidi swarm with impatient warriors
awaiting your commands. Kufra desert
lives but for you, while the ten thousand
swords of near-by El-juf will be drawn
only in the service of the oldest ruler.”
The Pharaoh nodded approvingly.
"You have done well, loyal follower,
and have earned an eternal resting-place
in the Valley of the Kings. May the
smile of Osiris be always with you. And
you, Achmet Eldood?”

  An old sheik came forward.

  "From the far-off Lybian desert, to
Tana’s blue waters in distant Ethiopia,
the stalwart sons of the old world would
resume the rule of the Pharaoh.”

  "And the Sudan—the Anglo-Egyptian
land of the ancients—what of that?”
"El-Obeid down to warm Uganda—
yes. A protesting few to be slain at
Omdurman; perhaps a feeble resistance
at the Lado, and the white Nile is won.
Inland to the lonely waters of Lake Chad,
your voice is ever law.”

Sheik Arbul Ben Kaden spoke again.
"Word has come to us from that sunny
land across the water. Again it brings an
urgent message from the one who lives
only in the past and would restore the
W. T.—6

ancient glory of his country. He would
join us.”

 "You mean-”

  "Yes, oh master, the powerful-”

  The Pharaoh gave a shudder of disgust.
"Dark pits of Jzual!” he exclaimed.
"Well do I know the thoughts that ever
possess his ambitious mind. It is no love
of Egypt’s lost grandeur, or of Karamour
and his cause that prompts the decision.
He would unite widi us solely to gain
that land which borders his own foreign
possessions. Restore the ancient glory of
his country, you say. Bah! Egypt had
known fifty centuries of the Pharaohs
while his land was still a wilderness.
Nay, we have no need for such as he in
the ranks of the chosen.”

  "And tomorrow, oh glorious one,”
spoke a stout chieftain. "We leave then?”
"At dawn,” came the reply. "Far to
the south, away from the spying eyes of
the unbelievers, to a point already desig-
nated, we go to test the blue fluids sent
us by the mad one of Moscow. A slight
experiment has already given us great
hopes, but we would test them more
fully. If their powers indeed be as great
as he would have us believe”—a sudden
light of triumph leaped to the dark face,
—"the world is ours!”

  A hoarse yell rang out from the Arabs
at the shouted words, and with one ac-
cord the curved swords of the swarthy
horde were unsheathed and lifted high
in barbaric salute.

  Karamour had risen and was watching
the cheering cutthroats with the wild
eyes of a maniac, while the agile body
shook with suppressed emotion. Present-
ly the Pharaoh raised a hand for silence.

  "Tomorrow, then, we ride south, but
tonight our hearts must be made heavy
with the dread that another of the chosen
might have proven false. I have called
you, therefore, to hear the plea of one
82

WEIRD TALES

charged with that always unpardonable
crime—treason!"

  Karamour turned suddenly toward me.

  "Stranger of the new world, I have
given my pledge to the Princess Atma,
who, influenced by some strange whim,
has asked that you be granted clemency.
Thus you are to be spared from a trial
that might result in your death.

  "Your conduct since imprisonment has
been unworthy. Aboard the Star of Egypt
a mutiny was incited by you. Your com-
ing was not desired, and now you help
to tempt one whose loyalty has long been
waning. Twice have you been spared; do
not tempt fate a third time. On my re-
turn from the desert I will have further
words with you. Till then, though you
are allowed liberty of the palace and sur-
rounding gardens, I warn you to use
discretion.”

  The thin lips tightened.

  "Do not be deluded with this kindness
as a lack of vigilance. For three hundred
miles the sands are patrolled by my men.
To escape means capture, and capture
means death! Remember those words.”

  Four black guards had appeared in the
doorway dragging a resisting figure
roughly to the throne. A death-like pal-
lor shone on the blood-smeared features
of their victim, but it could not disguise
my fellow plotter of the pits, Captain
Barakoff.

  The Pharaoh glared hard at the man
before him.

  "Dog,” he growled, "it has been said
that you are an unworthy follower. How
answer you this charge?”

  The Russian grinned in an agonized
manner.

  "I—I have done no wrong, master,”
he faltered.

  "That I intend to find out—and quick-
ly,” came the grim reply. "You have
been strong in your claim of innocence—

let us now hear the words of your ac-
cusers.

  "Doctor Zola!”

  The Frenchman, ever ready to welcome
attention, came forward from the rows of
waiting Arabs.

  "What say you against the loyalty of
this man?” demanded the Pharaoh.

  Etienne Zola bowed low before his in-
quirer.

  "You will recall,” he purred in his
softest voice, "that I have always been
suspicious of the prisoner. His bad rec-
ord in the Czar’s army, as well as his
avarice—his love of money was well
known on the west coast. Always desir-
ous of protecting my Prince, I kept a
careful watch, and not without result.”

  The physician produced a letter which
he opened and held before him.

  "Captain Barakoff,” he continued, with
a sneering look at the unhappy wretch,
"wrote this letter, which I had intercept-
ed, to his beloved in far-off Archangel.
Its contents conclusively prove his treach-
ery. I will read a-’*

  Karamour waved an impatient hand.

  "Its wording is already known to me.
What of the slaves’ report?”

Usanti, now called, told of hearing
Barakoff offer to free me for a cer-
tain sum. He admitted the amount had
escaped him, but readily recalled the dis-
respectful manner in which the Russian
had spoken of the Pharaoh, as well as his
plan for halting the yacht while a boat
would be rowed ashore to bring me
aboard. Evidently the black had won-
drously sharp ears, or else our voices in
the quiet of the dungeon must have car-
ried farther than we thought. All in all,
it was a damning denunciation against
one already doomed.

  As Usanti ceased speaking, a brief
silence fell on the grim assembly. All
THE LAST PHARAOH

83

eyes were turned upon the tall figure who
stood before the Pharaoh.

  "What do you say against the word of
the slave?" asked Karamour at length.

  “He lies, great Pharaoh! My heart was
—and is—ever loyal to the cause,” came
the answer, in a weak, halting tone that
plainly told his guilt.

  "But the proof—what have you to
show that would make me believe the
slave’s words to be false? Speak quickly;
though your trial is just, it should be
brief also. Haste—your proof against the
charges.”

  "I did not plot with the captive, oh
master. The sole purpose of my descent
to the dungeons was to escort him to his
former quarters, as you yourself had
ordered. Believe me when I say my heart
is ever true to the Pharaoh. In all the
hosts of Karamour, there is none more
loyal than Alexis Barakoff. Ask the cap-
tive—ask Bryant; he will tell you-”

and the man’s eyes turned appealingly
toward me for a confirmation of his lie.

  Karamour leaned forward like a strik-
ing serpent.

  "Usanti’s words,” he hissed.

   "But lies, only lies!” cried the Russian.
"He has fiendishly condemned me to
raise himself in your favor; he would lie
to kill your faithful followers and sur-
round the court with slinking parasites.
I have said or done no wrong, and well
he knows it. He is but a miserable de-
formed wretch who has always hated me
and seeks my ruin.”

  "Might he not have a just cause for
such enmity?” asked Zola.

  "Just cause—no. He entered my quar-
ters once and I punished him for it. He
has never forgiven me.”

  Was the wily Barakoff to win his way
to freedom?

  "Treason is a grave offense,” the
Frenchman reminded him.

  "I have always thought it so.”

  "You persist then in your denial?”

  "I persist in denying an untruth.”

  "None other has ever accused the black
of untruths.”

  "None other has ever accused me.”

  "But the letter, my captain,” Zola put
in quickly. "Would you say Usanti wrote
that also?”

  Again that hesitant, condemning gulp.

  *'I—I do not know.”

  "A lie! a lie that comes from the
depths of your black heart!” thundered
Karamour. "Oh miserable creature, you
have betrayed the trust of your ruler;
broken your vows to the great cause. The
countless centuries of love and reverence
that would have kept your name sacred
have been forgotten in that greed for
gold. There is but one sentence for such
treachery; but one punishment befitting
that ever unpardonable crime:

  "The Pit!”

  A scream of terror rang out from the
doomed man as the judgment was pro-
nounced.

  With a quickness that told of long
practise, the dread sentence was now car-
ried out. In the center of the great floor
an iron ring had been securely fastened.
A stout chain was now run through the
ring, and with three blacks tugging hard
on the iron links, a portion of the floor
was slowly raised to disclose a cunningly
concealed pit some six feet square.

  A nauseating odor arose from the dark
interior, a damp, smothering smell, made
more terrible by the loud, blood-tingling
squeals that accompanied it—sharp, angry'
barks that brought a sickly pallor to the
sun-tanned faces of the Arabs, while the
black guards cast nervous glances at their
ruler. With one accord the entire assem-
bly moved forward to that awful hole of
death.
84

WEIRD TALES

  Rats! Huge, dirty, horrible rats! Bound-
ing, famished creatures of an enormous
size that brought a shudder from the
watchers, leaped and snarled in that ter-
rible pit. The slippery sides of the ten-
foot depth prevented them from emerg-
ing, though the rodents were constantly
attempting the hopeless climb. Sharpened
spikes had been driven into the bottom
rocks, while the brilliant lights above
plainly showed the twinkling eyes, the
red maws and sharp teeth of the rolling
brown mass. This then was the dread pit
so feared by the inmates of the castle.

  The sneering Zola could not resist the
temptation of a final taunt at the con-
demned man, who, now stripped of all
garments and with naked arms lashed
firmly to his sides, stood looking in wild-
eyed terror into the pit into which he
would so soon be plunged.

  "Three hundred of them, Captain!
Three hundred with sharp teeth and no
food for two days! You will find them
appreciative of your company," the fiend
laughed.

  Of all the heartless gathering, die
physician alone seemed unperturbed.
White-robed Arabs, wide-eyed and nerv-
ous, looked silently on. The four black
jailers were visibly affected by die awful
din. Even the Pharaoh was somber and
serious as he silently motioned the slaves
to continue.

  A long chain was now firmly at-
tached to the legs of the Russian, who,
despite his pleadings, was swung head
foremost and quickly lowered into the pit.

  At the appearance of the nude body,
the snarls increased to a deafening roar.
Squealing rats, now standing upright in
anticipation, awaited the gleaming flesh.
And even as I closed my eyes to turn
from the horrible scene, the screaming
victim was hurried to his awful destruc-
tion.

15.	The Enchantress of Sin

The swarthy hordes of Karamour left
at dawn. As die sun rose, I stood on
the balcony watdiing the Arabs mount
their splendid beasts and form a long
line behind a white horse held by a wait-
ing black.

  There was no shouting or carefree
laughter now. All mirth and revelry had
been replaced by tightening jaws and de-
termined faces that well showed the des-
perate ride expected by these desert no-
mads. Wordless, they held the eager
steeds and awaited their leader. The
lonely waste of water in die west formed
a sparkling background.

  While I watched the mounted horde
with wondering silence, a tall figure
strode from the gardens to the waiting
horse. It was Karamour.

  As the lithe body swung into the sad-
dle, his gaze fell full upon me. Instantly
the dark face lighted.

  "Remember well my warning of last
night, oh stranger,” he shouted. "To
escape means capture, and capture means
certain death!"

  Then, with a wild whoop and a com-
mand to the Arabs, the last of the
Pharaohs set spurs to his horse and
dashed over the sand dunes to die south,
while behind him, their long white robes
fluttering in the morning winds, came his
savage band of cutthroat followers.

  As the last of the Arabs rode into the
distant blue, a peal of feminine laughter
rang from the towering turrets, a long-
drawn-out laugh of scornful derision that
was followed by a foul oath.

  Late that afternoon I had put my new-
ly proclaimed liberty to use, and de-
scending the great stairs, casually passed
the two guards at the terrace door to
saunter out into the gardens beyond.

  I wandered through the delightful
fairyland that had been transplanted to
THE LAST PHARAOH

85.

the sandy wastes of the African coast, ad-
miring the stately trees, the elaborate
carvings on the benches and spraying
fountains, as well as the brilliantly
plumed birds that graced the well-kept
sward. Soft music from the radio in the
rustic summer house at the cliff’s edge
but lent an added enchantment to the
surroundings. The gardens of Karamour
combined the luxuries of the new world
with the splendor and beauty of the old.

That night, under the rays of the
tropical moon and a million blazing
stars, I was guided by Zena to the wind-
ing steps that led from the gardens of
Karamour to the sandy beach below.
There, standing in the shadows of a grace-
ful palm, with the lighted castle on the
cliffs above, I awaited the lovely Atma.

  For a long hour I had kept my lonely
watch, expecting momentarily the ap-
pearance of the Princess on the steps
above, when my attention was drawn to
a pearl-white figure that swam through
the waters far to the left. With steady,
superb strokes, the swimmer cut through
the silvery surf, to emerge, wet and drip-
ping, a tall, shapely girl, whose nude
body shone like ivory in the moonlight.

 "Atma!”

  Standing on the wet sands, the cool
winds caressing her, the lovely face
turned dreamily toward the stars, stood
the glamorous daughter of the ages, a
dark-eyed Princess from the mists of time,
whose tiny feet had trod the great halls
of the Pharaohs.

  Ah, the weird beauty of that moment!
Even now its memory comes to haunt
me—a picture from the past; a vision
that might well have been the lonely Eve
by some desolate sea at the earliest dawn
of history. High overhead from the sum-
mer house near the cliff’s edge, came
strains of soft music; dreamy, melodious
airs, artistry of today. But the glorious

figure that swayed in the starlight had
danced and strained her lithe body to the
crashing of mighty timbrels, thirty-four
hundred years ago!

  Slowly the royal Egyptian made her
way up the beach, stopping only to don
the waiting garments that lay on a sand
dune near the surf. Then in the scanty
attire of long ago—golden breast-plates,
filmy four-slit skirt and cobra-ensigned
head-band—the girl came unhesitatingly
toward me, her features wreathed in a be-
witching smile.

  "I swam far out to sea,” came the
musical voice. "Oh, it was such a long,
long way! No sound could reach me
from the distant shore, the low sand
dunes had disappeared. Even the lighted
castle seemed small and distant. I was
alone in a vast world of silence. Ah, it
was wonderful, lying out there in the
dark waters, to be rocked by the rolling
waves. For an hour I drifted and dreamed
in the starlight. Once a great ocean
liner, a sparkling mass of golden lights,
passed far to the east, but they did not
hear the lonely cry of Atma. Perhaps I
might have forgotten the world and
swum on thus for ever, had I not known
the young American would be waiting
for me.”

  Together we sat on the dark cloak the
Princess had left in the sand.

  "And now you are tired after that long
swim.”

  Atma had sat in a posture of ease be-
side me, so close that I could feel the
warmth of her half-naked body. At my
question she drew back where she could
better see my face.

  "Tired?” she repeated, and then she
laughed. “You think a little swim would
tire me?”

  I smiled at her apparent surprize.

  "Then am I to believe it has not?”

  "It could never tire me—physical ex-
ertion seldom does. Why, once when I
86

WEIRD TALES

was a little girl and the royal troops of
Egypt beat back the Hyksos beyond
Thaubasium, I danced the steps of vic-
tory from sunset till dawn in the great
halls of the Moon Goddess. Nay, if I am
to tire, the cause must be other than
weary muscles.”

  "Mental boredom, perhaps?"

  The girl shrugged her graceful shoul-
ders.

  "It is possible,” she admitted. "But
no, no—it is not that. I am weary of this
castle, of this country. I dread that con-
stant talks of Egypt’s lost glory—of the
many gods and their terrible anger at
our wrong doings—of anything connect-
ed with antiquity. I am tired of—of
him!” she whispered.

  Her eyes looked at me in a strange, be-
seeching manner.

  "Surely you will understand,” she
went on in an earnest tone. "I wish to
be free, to be away from all this. The old
world no longer appeals to me; I would
know of the new, to see the many things
the eager Billy told me—spacious dwell-
ings—evenings at the lighted theatres in
wraps of ermine—graceful dancing in a
polished ballroom. Ah, it is what my
heart calls for—it is what I should have.”

  Her beautiful face was close to mine,
waiting, I knew, for a confirmation of
her words.

  "But is that not impossible?” I pro-
tested. "A daughter of the Pharaohs
to-”

  "Oh damn the Pharaohs!” cried the
Princess of Egypt hotly. "Must I always
hear that loathsome word? Am I to stay
for countless years in these ancient halls,
hearing only the chanting of Egypt’s lost
glory? It is the new lands I want—their
delicious thrills—their pleasures!

  "Do you not know the awful centuries
I spent imprisoned on that great bo^l of
stone—the ages that passed while I was
but the living dead? Can you realize

what the torture of three hundred years
would mean to one who could but hope
and yearn once more for the joys and
loves of her maidenhood? No, no, you
could never know. You are a man of the
cold Twentieth Century, to whom the
pulsing warmth of the eternal passion
must for ever remain a mystery.

  "But I, who have thirsted through the
ages, know its fires, and am free once
more for that glorious ecstasy.” She
added after a slight pause: "Free to laugh
and live as of yore. Free to enjoy the
many pleasures so long denied me. Free
to care, to—to love.”

  Her voice sank to a low whisper.

  Atma was looking at me in an eager,
-L3l expectant manner. One slender arm
had encircled mine, and her supple body
leaned closer. Parted red lips were near
my own. A wild rush of madness swept
over me. Pulses pounding, heart thump-
ing, I yearned to cover that perfect mouth
with smothering kisses till she would lie
helpless, panting in my arms.

  We were alone! We were alone! Dazed
with the fragrance of her hair, I could
feel her loveliness tremble with desire as
her lips brushed mine. It was as though
this one moment had been snatched from
all eternity, to carry us a billion miles
beyond the planets and the suns. Only
with the greatest effort could I draw
away.

  "But Karamour—he will never con-
sent to your leaving here. This—this is
madness! Fie would not forsake the land
of his father, nor would you leave with-
out him.”

  "Why do you say that?” she cried. "He
means nothing to me—never has. I have
always felt a strong dislike for the love-
less fool who thinks only of the past and
Egypt’s forgotten grandeur. Nay, I have
planned my flight too long to let any tiling
THE LAST PHARAOH

87

prevent it, and never was the time so ripe
as now. Listen:

  "Karamour has ridden into the desert
to test liquids—some wild dream of a
crazed scientist, that he thinks will render
useless the man-power of other nations.
I, of course, know that it is but a hopeless
dream. The great guns of the new coun-
tries will quickly crush both him and his
feeble power; yet we must let the fool
find that out for himself.

  "But you and I—why should we stay
here to perish miserably with the rest? Is
it not wiser to flee these ancient halls and
spend the years in the pleasures of the
new worlds, than lie as whitened skele-
tons amid the charred castle ruin?’’

  "And my friends—you could arrange
to have them come with us?” I asked
quickly.

  Atma hesitated a moment before re-
plying.

  "Yes, we can do that,” she answered
finally. "Leave with them when the
plane returns the day after tomorrow. Of
course, the tiny ship will make two trips
necessary, but as it is only some nine
hours’ journey from here to Tangier, it
could be done.”

  An escape! An escape, and return to
the lands we loved and knew! But this
royal daughter of the Nile—did she
realize the strangeness of the new world?
Could she know and understand the
countless changes that had taken place
since her tiny feet trod the flower-strewn
halls of old Memphis?

  "Wait,” I cautioned. "You are going
to find the new world strange in more
ways than one. True, it has all the lux-
uries of which you speak, as well as many
more. Each, however, demands its price.
Money is as essential to the modern land
as an unerring sword arm was to the old.”
Atma laughed softly.

  "The answer to all that lies but a short
distance in the desert,” she murmured,

  "and it is ours for the taking. Tomor-
row night, while the castle sleeps, we will
take three blacks and ride to the cast,
where, in the eternal halls of night that
lie below a forgotten valley, we can soon
load ourselves with unthinkable riches.”

  As the girl ceased speaking, a soft
melody from the cliffs above caused her
to turn quickly. The radio in the summer
house that had been playing soft, un-
known music, suddenly began a melody I
knew well, a lovely, tantalizing air, that
seemed to breathe the glamor of old
Egypt—the weirdly throbbing Vision of
Salome.

  As the first dreamy notes reached us, 1
an eager thrill ran through the supple
body of the Egyptian. Now, with the
ease of an uncoiling serpent, she rose to
her lovely height. Only for an instant did
she pause to smile at me, wide-eyed and
glorious; and then, with a slow, exotic
grace, the long-limbed Princess began the
dance of the centuries.

  It was fascinating. Soft, rolling mus-
cles played beneath the ivory surface. A
perfect body swayed enchantingly. Slen-
der arms encircled the shapely head,
while the beautiful face, beaming through
a mass of wavy black hair, seemed lost in
wondrous dreaming.

  As though in rhythm with the dancer
swayed the tropical palms. The sparkling
ocean seemed motionless and quiet. A
mellow moon hung low; while high
above, the blazing stars flashed their light
to illuminate dimly the beauty of that
whirling siren.

I watched as one entranced. For me,
at least, time had ceased to exist, and I
had been drawn back across the void to
behold a swaying vision that had en-
slaved the hearts of men ages upon ages
before the dancing Salome roused the
passions of King Herod. Weird music,
that strange, exotic ringing—was that the
crashing of ancient timbrels from the
'88

WEIRD TALES

rolling fogs of time? High overhead
among the stars, those hazy shimmering
outlines — were they the disapproving
frowns of Pharaohs from the dawning?
And surely my wonderment was seen by
the Egyptian, for high above the blaring
blasts her silvery laugh came to me.

  Higher rose the quickening music.
Wilder, faster became the dancing. The
flashing breast-plates—the fluttering gar-
ments! Her tiny feet seemed scarcely to
touch the sand; the flying body was but
a whirling ivory mass. And then the bar-
baric air rose up as a great roar, to stop
with a crash that sent the dancer hurling
herself with complete abandon into my
outstretched arms.

  I drew the yielding body quickly to me.

  "You are glorious,” I groaned, "so
maddeningly glorious!’' And raising that
perfect head, I kissed the red lips of the
most beautiful creature this world has
ever known.

  "Kiss me! Oh kiss and love me!" she
whispered. "My veins flow not with the
ice of the girls of your world, but a de-
siring thirst that grows more burning
with each passing second!”

  Her white arms pressed me closer.

  "Kiss me! Crush me, stronger, tighter,
till I die w'ithin your arms! This moment
of bliss must never end—we will make
its joys eternal. Again! Again!” she mur-
mured. "Oh eleven sinful gods, again!
We are alone, beloved, we are alone! The
stars for ever hold all secrets. The sleep-
ing world is far and distant. My eager
heart cries wildly for you—and the night
is long.”

16. Sheba’s Treasure

The following night I rode far into
the desert with the Princess of Egypt
in search of the fabulous wealth of which
she had spoken.

  I was now hopelessly in love with the

  beautiful Atma, madly obsessed with a
passion that obliterated all else but her
charm. The amorous moments in those
perfect arms had erased all memories of
Carol, or any responsibilities I should
have felt for the imprisoned Terrys.

  I	no longer planned escape, either for
myself or for my friends. Ambition, like
reason, had gone. Gone also was the long-
planned retribution. The caresses of the
dark-eyed siren had taken both manhood
and will-power, to leave but a character-
less weakling, who would lie, steal—or
if need be, kill—but to bask in the
glamor of her love.

  Only vaguely had I been told our des-
tination, and now as I swung to my sad-
dle in the dimly lit courtyard, I observed
among the three mounted blacks desig-
nated as our followers, the hideous dwarf,
Usanti.

  The keen eyes of the treacherous imp
roved incessantly, as though fearful that
some sign or move might escape him.

  I	leaned toward Atma, who, dressed in
riding-breeches and open-necked shirt,
with a heavy automatic pistol strapped
around her slender waist, sat carelessly on
her horse beside me.

  "That black—the short one. It was he
who betrayed Barakoff to the Pharaoh,” I
whispered. "Do you think it wise to take
him with us?”

  An expression of merciless cunning
crossed the beautiful face as a long-lashed
eye winked slyly at me.

  "Of all the palace guards, these three
alone I trust not. The hidden vaults of
treasure must for ever remain a secret”—
her lips smiled slightly—"that is why
they ride with me this night.”

  As she finished the strange words, the
Princess of Egypt brought her sharp whip
down on the horse’s haunches and dashed
out into the night, while I and the three
horsemen followed behind as best we
could.
THE LAST PHARAOH

89

  For two miles we rode sharply to the
east in a lonely waste of sand into which
the horses sank fetlock-deep at nearly
every step. The barren, uneven country
was cut into numerous ravines, lumpy
stretches and shrubless little hillocks that
showed dreary and foreboding in the
moonlight. A hard wind had enveloped
us, sending the tiny grains of sharp sand
to cut our lips and faces, while the
horses blinked and whinnied in helpless
misery. Yet, with the persistence that the
thought of riches will always inspire, we
plodded patiently on behind the spright-
ly steed of our dauntless leader.

  On reaching a cluster of palm-trees,
Atma turned northward. The country
became wilder as we advanced. Distant
mountains showed on the far horizon,
and from out of the blackness would
come the cries of prowling desert crea-
tures.

  Silently we continued over the desolate
wastes, once to pause at a tiny oasis, and
several times to seek brief respite from
the blowing sand in one of the numer-
ous ravines. At length, after three hours
of steady travel, we entered a deep valley
from which many boulder-strewn gorges
diverged. Here Atma halted her splen-
did beast and beckoned me closer.

  “The second pass to the left!” she
cried. "It is the one we seek. I have too
often heard its description to be wrong.
We will dismount here and tether our
horses to these trees. Instruct Usanti to
bring the long rope he carries—we shall
need it in our climb. The boulder is a
high one and the ascent to its summit
hard and dangerous.”

  Stopping only to tie the weary horses,
we presently entered a narrow gorge
whidi led to the left from the valley.
Here lay a narrow passage. On either
side the black cliffs shot upward to the
stars. Sneaking forms of prowling jack-
als slunk through the darkness. Stunted

trees stood as lonely sentinels, while
numerous large boulders, white and
gleaming, were strewn on the bed of
what in prehistoric times had been a
mighty river.

  Standing somewhat apart from the
other rocks was a huge granite boulder.
Toward this we were now led. There, in
the shadow of its frowning height, Atma
turned to face us. We had reached our
destination.

The dark-eyed Princess looked long
at her travel-stained followers.

  "We are about,” she began, addressing
the three wondering blacks, "to descend
deep into the earth, far down near the
pits of hell, through ancient corridors
built by men whose bones have long since
turned to dust.”

  Standing in the moon rays that flooded
the rocky pass, a slender riding-whip slap-
ping her open palm, with an amused
smile the Egyptian watched the rolling
eyes of the blacks.

  "You will come, Usanti?”

  The dwarf stared at her in silent mis-
ery.

  "You mangy dog!” she snapped.
"What is there to fear? What crazy
superstition holds you back from the
riches that lie within?”

  "The spirits of the departed, oh mis-
tress,” whispered one. "They will be
waiting to tear us asunder. They will
choke us with their ghastly breath, and
feed our bodies to the crawling things
that lie in the gloom of the deep pits.
Always have we heard of the terrible
anger of the tomb gods.”

  "You miserable fool!” cried Atma.
"The dead are dead; they can neither help
nor harm you. Their powers have long
vanished, nor are there any spirits or
ghosts to avenge them. It is all lies—the
stories you may have heard about the
angry gods who will destroy the desecra-
WEIRD TALES

90

tor of ancient tombs. All myths—only
lies and myths.” The silvery voice rose
higher. "But the pit of Karamour is no
myth, nor does Atma lie when she says
your lashed bodies will be lowered to the
hungry inmates of its bottom if you fail
your Princess!"

  The blacks shifted nervously but said
no words, while I could but look in
amazement at the fearless beauty who
spoke so scornfully of the gods and leg-
ends she had been reared to respect and
fear.

  "But this hidden tomb of which you
speak,” I asked. "Where is it, and whose
sarcophagus lies within?”

  The girl pointed upward.

  "A most unusuai place for a most un-
usual ruler,” she replied. "Lying on the
summit of this great boulder is a flat rock
that, once removed, will reveal an open-
ing within. Descending, we will follow
a long corridor to a gilded door, behind
which lie the riches and preserved body
of Balkls, Queen of Sheba!”

  This, then, was where the famed treas-
ure of antiquity lay hidden; the fabulous
wealth that for thirty centuries, in legend
and in song, had lured adventurous
spirits from the far-off corners of the
earth, and caused the hot sands to be lit-
tered with their bleaching bones.

  "Out here, so far from her homeland?”

  Atma nodded.

  "Awaiting her restoration, as promised
by Karamour. Awaiting that which can
never be. But come—time passes. We
must ascend the boulder.”

  There v/as a noticeable lack of enthusi-
asm among the blacks, but finally a tall,
muscular fellow hesitantly volunteered
the climb, and after several attempts, suc-
ceeded in reaching the summit. Once
there, he threw down an end of the long
rope he had carried, and by means of this

crude ladder we at last stood on the high
peak.

  Now the flat rock was dislodged to
show a gaping pit beneath. Again we ad-
hered to the slender rope, and leaving a
sentinel to guard the summit, with flam-
ing torches the four intruders stood in the
age-old corridors of Balkis. Holding high
the feeble lights we groped our way
through the blackness. Down a long hall
that had been hewn in the living rock,
a mighty passageway untrodden for over
thirty centuries, we slowly advanced, and
the grotesque carvings that showed in the
gloom appeared as the angry eyes of the
departed.

  To think that within these winding
halls had once been carried the body of
her who had borne a child to Solomon;
that the long-dead hands which had hewn
this forgotten vault might have been
raised in salute to David. Twice we
passed the silent blackness of intersecting
corridors, and once stepped carefully over
the grisly remains of a faithful guard, be-
side whose moldering body lay a sword
that could well have been the one called
for by the great Jewish King in his judg-
ment of the two sorrowing mothers and
the child. Along the rocky floor were
deep deposits of dust, an indication that
the passage had long been unused. The
granite sides converged as they rose to the
top of the shaft some ten feet above us.
Securely hidden in die very bowels of the
earth below that lonely valley, the silent
corridors had escaped the ravages of
countless treasure-hunters as well as the
many tomb-robbers of antiquity. The
great Queen had been most cautious in
selecting the vault for her riches. Atma
had told how, at Karamour’s orders,
the slaves who had hewn the pass were
slain by soldiers, who, in a like manner,
were also slaughtered that none might
know the resting-place of Sheba.
THE LAST PHARAOH

91

For a long half-hour we continued our
dismal way. The winding passage
had now straightened to a run in a direct
line. Suddenly the flickering torchlight
shone on a great yellowish mass.

  The beauteous white face of Atma
turned toward me.

  "The great image of Thoat!” she cried.
"Surely we have at last reached the vault
of riches!”

  Before a great doorway stood a huge,
grotesque idol of a bird-headed god. In
one massive claw it held a stone scroll
that bore many hieroglyphics. The richly
painted surface of the grim deity flashed
yellow and red in the torchlight.

  The two terrorized blacks, since mak-
ing their reluctant entry to the gloomy
corridor, had huddled closely together.
Great beads of perspiration were standing
on their brows, and now, at the sight of
this grim omen, they trembled as though
suddenly afflicted with ague.

  "The God of the Ancients!” whispered
the dwarf. "The terrible god with the
bird-head who will presently awake and
tear us to pieces with his sharp beak and
claws. We are doomed! We are twice
horribly doomed, as our spirits will be for
ever compelled to sail the endless sea of
fire that has been allotted as punishment
for those who enter the vaults of their
ancestors.”

  The girl but smiled at the words, and
wresting the light from the terrorized
Usanti, she held the torch high to look
long at the ancient inscription before her.

  "It’s only one of those meaningless
warnings,” she laughed at length in a
careless manner. "A warning and praise
of Sheba’s glory. The usual custom of
the ancients. It reads:

  "The Queen is not dead. She can
never die. She has become as one who
rises like the morning sun from the east-
ern horizon. She now rests from life like
the setting sun in the west. Yet always

shall she return. Again on some far dis-
tant day will she dawn anew in the east.
She cannot die. She must not die. She is
the sun. She is the burning glory of life.
She lives for ever. The Queen has but
flown. She has been taken up to the skies
by Ra. The stairs of the heavens have
been lowered that she may ascend there-
on to the blue. To the sky. To the sky.
To the great jeweled throne in the clear-
ness has she gone. Sail on, oh beauteous
one, in thy barge of the sun. Sail on till
you return like a flaming ruby to your
earthly realm. Yet even as thou hast de-
parted, oh Queen, let thy earthly shell re-
tain and use its terrible powers to blast
with loathsome disease and frightful
death all those who would enter to dis-
turb thy earthly slumbers, or touch with
vandal hands one glittering jewel.”

  As Atma ceased speaking, the hideous
Usanti fell to his knees with a shriek that
rang out through that dismal hall of
silence.

  Like a tigress the Princess of Egypt
turned on the offending black.

  "Silence!” she hissed, as one hand
flew to her leather holster in a suggestive
manner. "Silence, you fool, or you will
feel my own way of blasting frightful
death!”

  The terrorized dwarf gulped loudly as
though choked by unseen hands. A weak
sigh escaped the trembling lips, but with
an effort he rose on his frail legs, to look
piteously at his mistress.

  Pausing but to encircle the great image,
the tireless Atma motioned us to follow,
and going to the ancient door pushed
back the massive creaking barrier, while
behind her, three wide-eyed men looked
in speechless wonderment at the scene
before them.

  A low moaning sound; a soft musical
wailing that might have been a murmur
from the ages, floated from the silent
92

WEIRD TALES

chamber. But it was not that alone which
held us spellbound. Lying along the
walls and down the length of the long
floor, from beneath the grayish mass of
dust and cobwebs, there glowed and
sparkled in the torchlight the scintillating
brilliance of the world’s greatest treasure.

  On either side of the high room, large
piles of golden ingots rose to the ceiling.
As though hastily stowed, the precious
metal lay in careless mounds. In many
places great tablets of gold had been set
in the solid masonry of the floor. An ex-
quisite urn showed a thousand pearls of
priceless beauty, while the three large
chests in the center of the room flashed
with the radiance of diamonds, emeralds
and other precious stones.

  At the far end of the great vault four
stone steps led up to a tiny room of black
marble. There, on a rising stone slab of
exquisite carving lay a jewel-encrusted
sarcophagus. An atmosphere of mourn-
ful silence prevailed in that ancient tomb
of riches.

  Slowly I turned to Atma.

  "It's wonderful!” I whispered in an
awed tone. "It’s—it’s too wonderful!”

  The girl nodded.

  "And securely hidden, too,” she added.
”1 doubt not that thirty centuries more
could pass and its great wealth would
still lie undisturbed.”

  "Who else knows of its location?”

  "Only Karamour, and he would not
dare enter these halls of eternal night.
Even the bravest of the ancients trembled
at the vengeance of the gods to a desecra-
tor of a tomb. But come, let us look
upon Balkis.”

With a warning of instant death to
the blacks if they dared to touch
the jewel chests, the Princess of Egypt
made her way through the piles of riches

to the small room where rested the famed
Queen of antiquity.

  Within the open sarcophagus lay a
richly appareled woman of striking
beauty. So fresh, so natural was her ap-
pearance, it seemed as if she were but
sleeping. The eyes, half open, were
turned toward us. Two bejeweled hands
lay crossed on her large pearl breast-
plates. The lovely thick hair, combed in
a strange yet becoming manner, lay in a
waving mass on the dark olive skin of her
neck and arms. The faintest flush seemed
to have mounted her cheeks, while the
half-opened lids were curled in a sad
half-smile.

  "Sheba!” I gasped. "Sheba, the be-
loved of Solomon!”

  "The large ring that encircles her
thumb—a parting gift from the Jewish
King.. It was once worn by Abraham.”
"How do you know that?”

   "She told me of it long ago,” answered
Atma. "Poor Balkis! It is better, per-
haps, that she continues her long sleep.
Great would be her anguish to arise and
find that her country, once so rich and
powerful, has dwindled to a comparative-
ly weak and defenseless nation.”

  The strain of the subterranean tomb
had told on the blacks. Now, with nerves
completely broken, they begged their
Princess the privilege of returning to the
outer world.

  The girl looked at the two kneeling
men in scornful silence. Suddenly she
turned to me, fearless and beautiful in the
torchlight.

  "Their courage has snapped,” came her
firm voice. "In a few minutes they will
be gibbering idiots. But we must not let
that deter us. For riches we came, and
with ridies we shall leave. All the rat-
tling bones of eternity will not stop me!
Hold the light above those jewel chests,
while I select the most precious stones.
The gold is far too heavy for us to han*
THE LAST PHARAOH

93

die, though we may have need of it later.

  From the deep pockets of her riding-
breeches the daughter of Hatshepsut pro-
duced a small leather pouch, and standing
above the chests, filled the bag with price-
less stones, scrutinizing each chosen gem
carefully. Again and again her long fitn-
; 'ers ran through the sparkling mass.

  "I cannot understand it,” she said at
length, when her tireless hands had at
last ceased their searching. "The great
emerald of Saul, the most priceless gem
in all the world, is missing.”

  "Thieves, perhaps?”

  "No, no,” she cried, "it cannot be that.
None other has entered this vault—and
yet the stone is gone. A curse to the

damned! The one gem I-” A wild

smile leaped to her face.

  "Yes, of course! That’s w-here it is.”
With a quick leap the girl was beside
, die sarcophagus.

  ''Hold the torch high,” she cried. "It’s
here! Yes, it’s here in her mouth!” and
ler eager hands shook the long-dead
body.

  "Stop!” I shouted, fearful of some
great profanation.

  The dark eyes looked their surprize.
"What are you going to do?” I stepped
quickly toward the girl.

  "Get the jewel, of course.”

  "But—but you can’t do that! God! Are
pu. entirely shameless? To desecrate the
body of a good Queen long dead—you
can’t! It’s—it's horrible!”

  The daughter of Hatshepsut gave a
shudder of disgust.

  "Don’t be a fool!” she snapped. "It
can make no difference to her what I do.
Ihe jewel is there; I intend to have it.
Let that suffice.”

  And with a carefree laugh, the Prin-
cess opened the long-closed mouth of
Solomon’s beloved to extract an enormous
imerald that flashed and sparkled in the
orch light.

  Sickened with horror, I watched the
calm Atma leisurely inspect the glittering
bauble and then drop it into the leather
pouch at her side.

  "And now we may leave,” she con-
sented. "The hour is late, with many
weary miles of travel.”

  Quickly we passed from that gloomy
tomb of riches. Atma herself closed the
great wooden barrier; and then we in-
truders from the outside world made once
more for the distant boulder summit.

  We had left the dreary corridors far
behind, and were emerging from the
rocky gorge to the valley beyond. The
cool night wind brushed the musty dust
of the ages from our garments and filled
our nostrils with its sweetness. The three
blacks were walking happily before us in
silent rejoicing at their release from the
ghostly halls. A tropical moon had
flooded the pass, and in its clear rays I
followed the jewel-laden Atma. All
seemed calm in this quiet vale; death and
terror should have been left in the deep
pits beyond. Yet, despite the horrid scene
I had witnessed within the tomb, the
greatest tragedy was still to be enacted.

  Suddenly the girl drew the heavy
Mauser pistol from its holster and began
firing. Six times the dark gun flamed red,
and with unerring aim, two bullets sped
into each of the black slaves.

  Running forward as she slipped a
fresh clip of shells into the pistol, and
standing above the groaning, blood-
stained men, the Princess of Egypt sent
shot after shot into the tom, helpless
bodies.

  And as silence came once more to the
lonely valley, "It was the only way,” she
murmured softly; "the only way to keep
for ever a secret the hidden treasure of
Sheba.”

   The amazing weird denouement of this story will be
told in the fascinating chapters- that bring the tafe. to- an
end in next month's' issue of 'f/ElRD TALES. Reserve
your copy at yoar Eiagazme-dealer’s now.
Vhe

O

cean Ogre

By DANA CARROLL

rA tale of the sea, and the thing called Alain Gervais that came
aboard the folly Waterman

JUNE 2.—Our stiff canvas, faded and
gray, hangs lifeless from the yard-
arms. We are stilled in one of the
great calms. There is slowly rising water
in the well, and our food is nearly gone.
We heave on the greasy, heavy water,
foul and green. The fog hides all from
view. I confess that I am afraid. What
an expressive word is despair! Luckily a
flying-fish came scudding over the rails
this morning.

  June 3.—The fog has lifted a bit, but
there is no relief in sight. The seven of
us worked all last night on the pipes,
until our backs ached and our hands were
raw. The crew seems gruff and surly,
but I haven’t the heart to assert my au-
thority at a time like this. They don’t
realize how near death they are. I write
for record only, for who knows what
may happen in the next few days? We
are at present in the open sea a thousand
miles from land. A fine situation for the
skipper of the Jolly Waterman! Three
months ago I had a full crew and a lucky
boat, but now—scurvy isn’t pleasant. No,
sir, not pleasant at all.

  June 4.—Hope! I have given up even
entertaining the word. By working des-
perately we are able to keep the water in
the well down, but our hardtack is nearly
gone. We have pumped and sweated on
empty stomachs for twelve hours. Losier
collapsed. He folded like the others, but
thank God he died quietly. No reproach-
ful blasphemies heaped on my head. Just
a tired fading, glad it was all over.

  June 5.—It was funny. Another fly-
    94

ing-fish came aboard today, and Herbie
Tastrum made a dive for it. He looked
like a maniac as he slid along the deck,
filling his belly with splinters. He caught
it between his two hands and bit into it,
and finally disposed of it, bones and al
I was a bit put out. He could have
divided it. I could shred a donkey’s car-
cass in my present state. Yet, I write it
was funny.

  June 6.—Our case is desperate. No
two ways about it, something has to hap-
pen, and soon. There isn’t a breath o
air stirring, and Hanson is below, unable
to raise a limb. The five of us are able
to keep the water down, but we are tirec
—dog-tired.

  June 7.—We have one thing to be
thankful for, the water hasn’t risen much
in the last twelve hours. Not that we
would pump it out if it did. We are too
tired to pump. We lie on the decks an<
curse, and make faces at the sky. I losi
my temper many times today, but I am
suffering acutely. Why do I continue to
write futilely in this log book which no
one will ever read?

  June 8.—We are saved! What glori-
ous good luck! A boatload of provisions
and a jolly companion to cheer us up.
He says he is the sole survivor of the Kini
William. You have probably heard o
the King. A finer brig never put out from
Marseilles. A hurricane and a leak did
for her. Six or seven pulled away in the
longboat, but my friend (what else could
you call your savior?) threw them over-
board. They died first, of course. The)
THE OCEAN OGRE

95

died from fright, or from drinking salt
water. My friend didn’t elaborate on de-
tails, but not liking the unsociable com-
pany of corpses, he naturally disposed of
them. That's his story, and I accepted it
at its face value. I am not a man to go
poking about and asking questions. It’s
enough that he brought us a boatload of
provisions and his own buoying com-
panionship. He has actually injected
spirit. We were growing to loathe each
other, we five. He calls himself Alain
Gervais.

  June 11.—Gervais (he insisted we
call him that) has been with us now for
three days. He has the run of the ship,
and I have turned the mate’s cabin over
to him. The mate has no further need
for a cabin—he spends his nights rolling
on the ocean floor. Gervais is tall and
emaciated. His face is oyster-colored,
drawn and haggard. His eyes are set
deeply in dark caverns and actually seem
to consume you. There is something
devastating about those eyes; sometimes
they seem a hundred years old. His fore-
head is high and as yellow and dry as
parchment, and his nose is shaped like a
simitar. With long, gangling arms and
thick wrists he presents an awesome pic-
ture. A very peculiar fellow now that I
get to know him better. But he is one
of us.

June 12.—Gervais has kept more to
himself. He remained locked in his
cabin all morning, and answered my
anxious questions curtly, through the
dosed door. But I was too busy to in-
vestigate; there is a diill in the air that
encourages hope for a wind in the near
future. Some of the crew seem too tired
to work. They came across a bottle of
rum in Losier’s locker, and by mixing it
with salt water they concocted an elixir
to alleviate their suffering. Who am I to
assert my authority, but I hope for the

first breeze, as it will surely bolster the
ship’s morale. At that time I plan to re-
gain my old power of discipline.

  June IS.—A breeze is surely coming.
It is eerily still, all around us, except for
a sharp report every now and then, as
another deck plank snaps under the direct
rays of a broiling sun. I am working
frantically on a miserable substitute of a
rudder. I am stripped to the waist, and
the sweat rolls down into my eyes, almost
blinding me. I have been over the side
twice this afternoon for relief, but there
is very little in the brackish water.

  June 14.—Gervais slept on the planks
with the crew last night, and this morn-
ing he looks ten years younger. His face
is flushed and full, and the greenish hol-
lows have disappeared from beneath his
eyes. But Hanson isn’t well. He com-
plains of pains in his chest, and once or
twice he spat a mixture of blood and rum.
His big face seems sandpapered by age,
and he is abnormally pale.

  June 15.—No breeze. Hanson is sure-
ly stricken. Death hovers over him like
an impatient doorman. He lies in his
cabin and groans, and I can do nothing
for him. His pallor is genuinely alarm-
ing. Even his lips are bloodless. He
complains of his nose, and noises in his
ears. And Gervais has shown his first
glints of ill-nature. His eyes smolder
when he speaks, and for the first time I
discern a hard cruelty in the man. He is
an alarming personality.

  June 16.—Hanson died this morning.
A horrible, racking death. It seemed as
though he wanted to tell us something. I
laid my ear on his broken, watery lips,
but was unable to make out anything in-
telligible from his forced moaning.
Gervais actually gloated over his death.
What can it mean? Why such a meta-
morphosis in the man we befriended?
He owes everything to our generosity.
Human beings are utterly despicable, and
WEIRD TALES

96

I have lost faith in them. He gloats over
the misfortunes of others. He actually
smiled as we dropped poor Hanson into
the sea. Imagine it!

  June 17.—There is still no wind.
There is something unnatural about this
floating hulk. Even the cook‘has noticed it.

   "It ain’t natural,” he said, ''for a ship
to smell like this, and that Gervais fel-
low’s cabin, phew! It not only stunk,
but-”

  I clouted him behind the ear. "You’re
a fool!” I shouted. "He’s all right.”

  You have a feeling that he knows
more than ten ordinary men whenever he
opens his mouth to tell one of his amaz-
ing yarns. And that tale of the French
fleet he told yesterday was so real, so
vivid! But it set me to thinking. I must
confess the smell of Gervais’ cabin did
horrify me. I entered it while Gervais
was on deck, and the stench nearly laid
me out. The place smelt like a charnel
house. The odor of decaying shell-fish
mingled with a peculiarly offensive and
acrid smell that in some way suggested
newly shed blood. Tonight I shall finish
the rum. Oh, I will get gloriously drunk,
but what does it matter?

  June 18.—Gervais has grown currish
and cynical. He has assumed the author-
ity to curse my men, and refuses to speak
to me. This morning Harry Knudson
went below to lie down. He was as
white as a squid’s belly. All I could do
was to perform a cursory examination. I
told him to strip, and examined his entire
body. He was pitifully lean and blood-
less. Something had bitten him in the
chest. A round discoloration showed
plainly on the center of his chest, and in
the very middle were two sharp incisions,
from which blood and pus trickled omi-
nously. I didn’t like the looks of it and
told him so. Harry smiled grimly and
turned over in his bunk.

  June 19.—Gervais seems to have ap-

pointed himself king of the ship. He
does whatever he pleases. This morning
he cut a strip of sail down and impro-
vised a novel marquee for himself on the
poop-deck. All during the late afternoon
he reclined under the canvas, smoking his
briar and gazing reflectively out to sea.
None of the men approached him; the
want as little as possible to do with so
temperamental a person. We were a
occupied forward when we heard a tri-
umphant shout from Gervais. He was
jumping around under his marquee and
pointing over the side. It was Hanson’s
body, floating face upward, not ten feet
from the ship. His nose was gone, and
his cheekbones protruding through the
wasted skin. The water was so still he
seemed to hang there, leering up at the
ship. When we buried him yesterday, we
sewed his body in canvas and weighted
it. Evidently the stitching had loosened,
and the suddenly released, air-filled body
had popped to the top like a cork.

  June 20.—An unaccountable incident
occurred on deck today. I am obliged
to believe that Gervais is insane. Roland
Perresson was working on the braces, and
his hand accidentally slipped. He cut
himself badly. The blood gushed down
his arm, and we all feared he had severed
an artery. His under lip trembled, but he
didn’t complain or cry out. He simply
walked with unsteady steps toward the
fo’castle. Gervais was on the poop-deck,
in his throne room, as we have begun to
call it. The sight of Perresson’s uncertain
steps somehow excited him. He made
for Perresson. Perresson saw him com'
ing, and stopped, a little puzzled, a little
hopeful. In a moment Gervais had sei2ed
upon the injured arm. He gripped it
forcefully and stuck it under his shirt
Gervais was sweating and acting like one
possessed. I feared for Perresson. The
situation was unhealthy. I stepped for-
ward to interfere. But when I reached

                     W. T.—6
THE OCEAN OGRE

97

them they were free of each other. Per-
resson held his arm and groaned.

  "There's no blood on it,’’ he bellowed,
"and it’s as cold as ice.’’

  I could only stand and stare. Is Ger-
vais mad, or has he mastered some mon-
strous system of healing?

  June 21.—Roland Perresson is dead. I
disposed of the body this morning. It
was white and rigid, and I noticed an
extraordinary discoloration above the
wound on his wrist. From the elbow
down, his arm was a bright green. I can-
not explain it. Blood-poisoning, perhaps;
but I will stand little more from Ger-
vais. His presence has become odious to
me.

  Something walked again tonight. It
bent above my bed and I heard it gulp.
We have become so few, w'e are mentally
drawn together for protection against an
alien evil. We are not certain what it is,
but we must do something.

JUNE 22.—This morning after a half-
hearted gesture at making my rounds
I retired to the ship's library. It was fair-
ly cool there and I thought I could get
away from myself for a bit, although
there is no breaking from this ship and
sea and sky. But now I w'ish I hadn’t. I
picked up an old w^ater-stained parchment
volume, called The Islands of France, a
ridiculous miscellany of witchcraft and
spirits. I chuckled to myself as I in-
dolently flicked the pages until my inter-
est wras finally arrested by the childish
awe and belief in the following:

  "There lies a beautiful island called
Gautier off the southwest tip of France.
You may walk from heavy 'Druid' depths
of the forest to the brilliant blue glare of
the ocean, where the fishermen spread
out their nets of bright blue cord to dry,
and fisherwomen make out at low tide to
gather mussels, sold in the shell for two
cents a quart. If you ask them what is
W. T.—7

the next land they reply, 'VAmetique est
la-bas’—America is over there. They are
a na'ive folk, few of them ever having
been awray from the island. They will
gladly tell you about the old legends of
the island, and what’s more, believe
them. There was the unfortunate Su-
zanne, the young girl, cruel or unfaithful
to her lover, who was changed into a big
black dog or female wolf. Unless she
repented or a miracle restored her to her
natural shape, she was doomed to lope,
howling through the black naked woods,
longing for death, until killed. Only a
special bullet, properly blessed, could kill
her, which made it difficult.

   "There were also the beak-faced hunch-
backs, that lived in the sea. These de-
formed people made periodical raids on
the good villagers. If they were dis-
pleased they had the unpleasant habit of
dragging corpses through the streets with
loud cries. And it didn’t take much to
displease them, although no one could
remember their ever having perpetrated
bodily harm.

  "There were the 'slacks’ or noisy
drones. Spirits of those that had met a
violent death, they wandered through the
night, repeating the cries of agony with
which they had died, often from age to
age. The old fisherwomen even yet hear
them howling on long winter nights.

  "There wrere, and according to the
belief of many still are, sorcerers and
sorceresses; they are looked upon as out-
siders, feared, hated and never touched.
It is a form of our ancient and respect-
able belief in witchcraft. If you meet
one in your path, to avoid destruction
you must immediately make the sign of
the cross, seize a piece of earth, and hold
it above your head, because between two
pieces of earth, the ground under your
feet and the piece held in a quivering
hand above your head, no evil spirit can
harm you.
98

WEIRD TALES

   "It is a dangerous sign on this island
when those little corpse-dragging dwarfs
ring a bell as they go along, for that
means another death; a bad sign also if
a church bell rings without any hand
touching it.

  "Those are still living who have seen
the dames blanches—white ladies—howl-
ing in the night at church doors, seeking
salvation and relief.

  "Alain Gervais, the villagers relate,
was swimming with other youths of his
age in the St. Jacques basin; of a frolic-
some and adventurous nature, he swam
some distance from shore. According to
another youth who was making his way
to Alain at all possible speed, he took
what seemed an intentional surface dive,
and did not appear again. Many hours
were spent fruitlessly diving for his body.
A few years later, one of the boys, now
grown into a man, was stationed at the
watch of a fishing-boat, when he saw the
rough caricature of a man, diving and
breaking for air a short distance from his
craft. He insisted he recognized Ger-
vais.”

  A few lame conjectures followed, on
the ability of a man being enabled to live
at the bottom of the sea.

  I remember Binging the book from me
as if it were some abhorrent dead thing,
and rising weakly, I made my way on
deck with a troubled mind.

June 23.—I buttonholed Peter Bunce
this morning forward of the lee scup-
pers. I told him in ragged, forceful ex-
clamations just what I had read. He
ponderously turned my story over in his
numbed brain. His eyes rolled crazily
and his mouth sagged. His face turned
yellow, but he caught himself with de-
termination.

  "We must act at once," he said.

  June 24.—Our plans have been worked
out. Peter and I are to bunk together

tonight. We have my revolver and a
razor-sharp, double-edged knife. Peter
contends that the knife will be necessary.
He insistently babbles of vampires and
other blood-sucking demons. His obses-
sion took an active form this noon. He
jumped up and stepped around deftly,
brandishing his knife in dark corners,
and lunging wildly in offensive alacrity,
cutting an imaginary victim to bits. I
smiled rather wanly. Finally, exhausted,
he slumped down on a stool, his head
between his hands. My smile faded as I
contemplated his abject dejection. Frank-
ly, we don’t know what to expect.

  June 25.—It is over—poor Peter is
gone—but Gervais will trouble us no
more. I am stunned, horrified, but I owe
it to Peter to write it all out.

  I lay awake in my bunk, flat on my
back, and the gnawed beams above me
twitched like raw tendons. I had that
tight, sick feeling of excitement twisting
my stomach. We distinctly heard the
door creak on its hinges. Something
poised itself in the doorway. The door
closed and it slid snake-like into the
room. We could hear the thing gulp.
Peter gripped my arm. I made ready to
strike a match. I stiffened until its soft,
slimy approach became unbearable; then
I waited until it swayed at the foot of my
bunk, until its green, glassy eyes were
vaguely discernible in the almost total
blackness. It was watching me, and I
realized it could see in the dark.

  I clawed at the match, lit it, and with
a frantically shaking hand carried it to
the tallow wick, and then—it sprang.
But it didn’t spring at me. It went higher
and got Peter by the neck. I could hear
him choke and gasp. In passing me the
thing had knocked the match from my
hand, plunging the room once more into
total darkness. I was paralyzed, unable
to move or think. I sat on the edge of
my bunk, deathly sick, and my heart
THE OCEAN OGRE

99

seemed to come up in my throat. The
small room careened drunkenly. I final-
ly became conscious of two dark objects
struggling on the floor. I heard a gulp-
ing and a low moaning, and then the
still night was rent with Peter’s forced
screams of horror. "Oh Lord, where are
the rest?’’

  He shrieked and shrieked, and between
the screams he vomited a torrent of
jumbled words. "Green—eyes! Ugh!
Ooze! Mouth! Wet!”

  His last throttled shriek lashed at me
like a whip. I finally managed another
match and lit it. I kept my eyes averted,
and carried the match quickly to the
candle-wick. I knew that if I looked at
the tiling on the floor I would drop the
match. I waited until the sickly glow
flared, and then—I looked. Something
was on top of Peter. It covered him and
seemed about to absorb him. In its evil,
distorted features I recognized a carica-
ture of Gervais, but the evil in the man
had sprouted. It had turned him into a
jellyish, fishy monstrosity. His middle
was festooned w'ith soft flesh. His legs
and arms actually gave. But w'orst of all,
the body of the creature was covered with
greenish scales, and it had pulsating pink
suckers on its chest. These were lustily
at work on Peter.

  I thought of the revolver on my bunk,
found it, and gripped the butt and lev-
eled it. I aimed it at Peter and the thing
on the floor. I fired at the two of them,
for I honestly had no intention of sparing
Peter. I knew that Peter would not want
it, and the mute appeal in his eyes was
unmistakable. Again objects refused to
retain their identity in my sight. I cracked
mentally.

  I have a vague recollection of bringing
two bodies on deck. I remember one was
light, brittle and hollow like an empty
match-box. The other, wet and strangely

heavy, silvered its path with slime as I
laboriously dragged it up the companion-
way. In the dim half-glow of the ship’s
watchlights, I bent over the bodies. Peter
was done for, there was no doubt about
it. My merciful shot at short range had
found its mark, and one temple was
singed with powder. I stooped and lifted
him tenderly; then w'ith a sob I lowered
him gently into the ocean. I stood for a
moment looking over the side, thinking
of the finality of it all, and watching the
ever widening ripples on the surface of
the oily water.

  Finally I turned to regard what was
Gervais. With a mingling of loathing
and interest I unhooked a lantern and set
it near his head. The sickly glow jumped
and played on the cruel, twisted features.
To my surprize I perceived a slit deep in
the folds of his neck, very much like the
breathing-organs of a fish. The gill was
rigid and distended now, revealing a dark
inner lining of red. The body exuded an
oily scum, malodorous even in the clean
salt air. I hunched closer over the body,
and to my amazement a look of ineffable
happiness and gratitude had suffused
Gervais’ face. Was it the weird light, the
softening touch of death, or final libera-
tion? No one will ever know. But I do
not think it requires an answer. I am
ready to be finished with the entire mat-
ter, just as Gervais is finished. I later
went down into Gervais’ cabin and
breathed deeply of the fresh, clean air
that blew through it.

  June 26.—We are saved. There is a
breeze this morning. The heavy canvas is
bellying, and all hands are busy forward.
The gray sky above us is sagging like a
wet blanket filled with spring rains. Our
casks are on deck waiting for the down-
pour. I thank God that we are safely
headed toward France,
   Wie T

interview

By H. SIVIA

The young reporter obtained a long interview with the Vandervere heir,
but an astonishing surprize awaited him when he returned
to the newspaper office

DAVE FRENCH wound his way in
and out among the scattered
desks in the city room of the
News-Telegram to one corner where a
thin, cabinet board partition separated
the office of Davis, the city editor, from
the news writers.

  Without hesitating, he strode through
the half-open door and faced the huge,
red-faced man who sat behind a desk
covered with telephones and scattered
sheets of copy-paper.

  “You wanted to see me?” he asked,
looking down at the man.

  Davis rapidly scrawled words on a
sheet of paper. He stepped, picked up a
lighted cigar from the edge of his desk,
and puffed out a cloud of smoke. Then
he looked up at French.

  “Tomorrow,” he said slowly, "is the
fourteenth. And, being a reporter, that
wouldn’t mean anything to you, would
it? But it so happens that Judson Van-
dervere comes of age on that day. Know
what I mean?”

  French’s face lighted up.

  “The steel millions!” he exclaimed.
“The boy comes into the money!”

  “Exactly. And we want a story. Get
out to the house and see him. If he won’t
see you, burn the house down. He’ll
come out then. Get an interview. Earn
your pay!”

  French left the office and made his
way back to his desk. He got his hat,
trench coat, and a memorandum pad,
and left the building.

     100

   Outside it was raining. French pullet
the trench-coat collar up around his neck
and turned the brim of his hat down to
shield his face from the rain. Then he
hailed a taxi and headed for Shore Oaks,
where the Vandervere estate was located.

  All during the ride, while the taxi
rolled in and out among the heavy down-
town traffic and finally passed into the
suburbs, French turned over in his mind
what he knew about Judson Vandervere.
He did not know very much.

   Right now, he thought, the heir to the
steel millions was twenty years old. Five
or six years before, he had been just an
undersized kid going to some exclusive
country day school and thinking nothing
at all about his father’s money. Then one
day he had quit the school and come to
town to study under a private tutor at his
home. Shortly afterward, his father had
died, leaving him an orphan with several
million dollars.

  It had dawned on young Vandervere
then what his very generous allowance
could do. And overnight he had become
the nucleus of a mad bunch of playboys
and girls who made the night spots,
played polo, insulted reporters sent to
interview them, got drunk and drove ex-
pensive foreign cars, and all of that. . .,

  Life for Judson Vandervere had be-
come one series of drunk driving and
disorderly conduct charges after another,
The perfect example of what happens to
a spoiled brat with too much money,
THE INTERVIEW

101

French concluded as the taxi turned into
Drury Road, deep in Shore Oaks.

  “Stop at the Vandervere entrance/' he
directed the driver, and the cab rolled on
for several hundred yards more and came
to a halt before the entrance to the stone
wall that surrounded the mansion.

French got out, told the driver to
wait, and walked through the heavy,
iron-grille gate that stood half open. He
went along a wide flagstone walk for
about thirty yards, climbed steps up a
slight terrace and stood in the rain on a
small concrete porch. He rapped on the
huge oak door several times with the
metal rapper, and waited.

  Presently the door opened, and a very
tall butler dressed in a black tie and coat
confronted French. His hair was ex-
tremely white, and his face was even
whiter. It seemed to French that the man
had the most death-like appearance of
anyone he had ever seen.

  But it wasn’t so much the paleness of
the man’s skin, nor the solemnity of his
appearance, as it was the gash in his
forehead that amazed French. It was a
deep, jagged cut, from which a thin
trickle of blood had run down the man's
temple and caked there. Apparently it
caused no pain, although it looked pain-
ful enough and was sorely in need of
dressing.

  The butler looked down a long, thin
nose, and his deep-set gray eyes bored
into French.

  "Yes?” he queried.

  "I’d like to see Judson Vandervere,
please,” French answered.

  "Who shall I say is calling?”

  "French. David French. Perhaps he
won’t recognize the name. I’d like to see
him for a short while on a business call.’*

  The man hesitated, then: "Oh, I see.
You’re a newspaperman. I’m sorry. Mister

Vandervere never gives interview's to the
press.”

  French suddenly felt cold all over. He
had know'n it would be hard, but he had
to see Vandervere. For a moment he
started to protest, but decided: "What’s
the use?” Then he turned to go.

  The door was almost closed behind
him when he heard a youthful voice call
out from inside:

  "Who is it, Felton? Why don’t you
show them in?”

  "It’s a reporter, sir,” French heard
Felton reply. "I didn't think you'd care
to see him.”

  "Oh, yes, by all means. Show him in.
It’s about time I let the public in on my
goings-on.”

  French, so happy that he trembled,
turned and strode through the great door
as Felton, the ghost-like butler, holding
out his hand for the reporter’s hat and
coat, opened it wide to receive him.

  Inside he came face to face with a
young man whom he took to be Vander-
vere. The man was small in stature and
had an old-looking face, even whiter
than the butler’s skin. His head was
twisted to one side, and he kept rubbing
the side of his neck with his palm.

  "I’m Jud Vandervere,” he said. "Sit
down and tell me what it is you want.
Perhaps I can give you a little help any-
way. I’m awfully tired. Had quite a
shake-up in the auto a few hours ago.
Cut Felton up a bit, as you probably no-
ticed, and twisted my neck pretty badly.”

French sat down in an immense sofa,
made a few brief remarks about auto-
mobile accidents in general, and got out
his notebook.

  "I suppose you’ll want to know all
about my wild life,” Vandervere re-
marked casually. "How many cars I’ve
wrecked; how many times I’ve been
102

WEIRD TALES

pinched; who I’m engaged to now. All
of that.”

  French thought for a second, then
said:

  "No, not exactly. You see, I- thought
I’d get a new angle and work it in
around the fact that you are coming of
age tomorrow. Something, perhaps, that
the public doesn’t know about. Some-
thing all your own. That is, if you don’t
mind.”

  "Oh, no. I don’t mind. Fact is, I’d
like the public to know some of the real
tilings in my life. They were always so
eager to gobble up the false stuff.

   "First, I want to say this: I’m through
with ail the old wildness. You can quote
me directly on that.”

  His voice seemed to float along, and
his eyes gazed across the room through a
French window into the slow rain out-
side.

  "No more drunkenness. No more
night life. I won't be making your head-
lines and your scandal columns any more
after today. It’s a new life for me. Yes,
a new life.”

  A sort of dreaminess crept into the
steel heir’s weary, dark eyes as he paused
in his speech to sigh and rub his neck
some more.

  French rapidly jotted notes on the
memorandum pad and paused occasional-
ly to w'atch the strange expression on the
young man’s face. Vandervere talked on
and on, for an hour or so, giving inti-
mate details of his life: small, half-for-
gotten incidents that lodge precariously,
as it were, in one’s mind.

   Finally, when it was obvious to French
that the interview was at an end, he arose
from the deep sofa, thanked Vandervere
for granting him the privilege, and got
his hat and coat from Felton, who still
had the dry blood caked on his temple.

  At the door young Vandervere stood
for a moment and talked with French,

and his last words to the reporter were:
"Remember, no more wild times for me.
You can quote me on that. It’s a new lire
from now on.”

  For a moment it seemed that the flick-
er of a smile crossed die heir's face.
Then Felton closed the great oak door,
and the rain began to beat in French’s
face once more.

  Somehow, he was glad to be outside
in the rain again, away from the strange
coldness that the inside of the great old
mansion presented; glad to be away from
the strange old butler with the gashed
and bloody forehead; away from the
white-faced young heir who spoke in
such a dreamy way of his resolve to put
the old life behind him.

  The interview had not been at all as
French had expected it to be. In his
mind he had pictured Vandervere as a
smug, self-satisfied young snob who
would make insulting remarks to him
and decline to grant an interview. It
had been so different.

  The taxi was still waiting near the
iron-grille entrance gate. French entered
it and was whisked back to the city, to
the spot from which he had departed
something like two hours before. He got
out, paid the driver, and entered the
News-Telegram building.

Striding rapidly through the lobby of
the building, he reached the elevator
and was carried to the fourth floor. He
got out and wound his way through the
city room, past his desk, to the cabinet-
board partition that blocked off Davis’
office.

  Smiling broadly, the memorandum pad
flopping back and forth in his hand, he
walked through the door and faced the
rcd-faced man inside.

  "Boy, was that a cinch!” he exclaimed,
beaming at the city editor, who had not
yet looked up from the paper-littered
THE INTERVIEW

desk. "I can’t understand why so many
guys always thought that Vandervere fel-
low was hard to get at. I got everything
I asked and more too. Why, the guy was
a phonograph. And it’s all in here.” He
tapped the memorandum pad.

  Then, for the first time, Davis looked
up, and the expression on his face fright-
ened French momentarily. He recovered
quickly, however, and said:

  "Well, I’ll get to work on writing it.
Won’t take long. I just wanted to let
you know I got it okey.”

  Davis’ red face became even redder as
it slowly contorted in a rage that only city
editors can summon up.

  "You lunkhead!” he stormed. "You
nitwit! You’re fired! There’s no place
around here for men like you, who call
themselves reporters. Get out!”

  French was startled first, then fright-
ened. He stammered:

  "But b-boss, I—I don’t under-”

  "So you don’t understand, hull? I
thought you wouldn't. Hell, French, you
knew Vandervere wasn’t going to be
easy to see. In fact, you would have
considered yourself very damned lucky
to get into his house. So when you
couldn’t see him, you decided to frame
an interview for me, and you thought
I’d be sucker enough to take it. But the
funny thing, French, is this: neither one
of us knew Jud Vandervere was out of

town and had been for the past three or
four days.”

  ”B-but w-wait. I did see-” French

stuttered.

  Davis interrupted him: "On the way
out, while getting your stuff together,
you can get your check. And you might
read this, too. It came in on the teletype
a few minutes after you left the office.”
He handed French a sheet of typewrit-
ten paper, and the former reporter turned
and left die office, reading the sheet as
he wove in and out among the desks.

  He sank in the chair at his desk, feel-
ing queer deep down in the pit of his
stomach. And it all came to him then:
the butler with the gashed forehead, the
white-faced young heir, the strange cold-
ness about the house. But he thought,
this couldn’t be true! Things like this
didn’t happen! But it was there, all too
clearly, on the printed sheet before him:

  Alton, April 13.—Judson Vandervere, scion to
the immense Vandervere steel fortune, and Henry
Felton, butler at the Vandervere home in Shore
Oaks, were killed instantly early today when the
car young Vandervere was driving apparently
skidded on the wet pavement and went over an
embankment near here.

  Vandervere’s ncck was broken in the crash,
while Felton, who was thrown through the wind-
shield, died when a piece of glass went through
his forehead and pierced his brain.

   The bodies were positively identified by Vander-
vere’s uncle, who came along a short while after
the accident. The three of them had been part of
a group who spent the past several days at the
Vandervere liunting-lodge on Moose Head Lake.

  It is a well known fact that Vandervere was a
very reckless driver and had been arraigned sev-
eral times for , , .
reeper in the Crypt

   By ROBERT BLOCH

A tale of stark horror in a gangster’s hide-out in the dread cellar of
an evil house in legend-haunted Arkham

IN’ ARKHAM, where ancient gables
point like wizard’s fingers to the sky,
strange tales are told. But then,
strange tales are always current in Ark-
ham. There is a tale for every rotting
ruin, a story for every little corpse-eye
window that stares out at the sea when
the fog comes up.

  Here, fantastic fancy seems to flourish,
nourished at the shriveled witch-paps of
the town itself, sucking the graveyards
dry of legend, and draining at the dark
dugs of superstition.

  For Arkham was a queer place, once;
abode of witch and warlock, familiar and
fiend. In olden days the King’s men
cleared the town of wizardry. Again, in
1818, the new Government stepped in to
destroy some particularly atrocious bur-
rows in and about some of the more
ancient houses and, incidentally, to dig
up a graveyard better left untouched.
Then, in 1869, came the great immigrant
panic in Old Town Street, when the
moldering mansion of Cyrus Hook was
burned to the ground by fear-crazed
foreigners.

  Even since then there have been scares.
The affair of the '‘witch-house” and the
peculiar episodes attendant upon the fate
of certain missing children at Ali^Hallows
time have caused their share of talk.

  But that isn’t why the "G-men” stepped
in. The Federal Government is usually
uninterested in supernatural stories. That
is, they were, up to the time I told the
authorities about the death of Joe Regetti.
That’s how they happened to come; I
brought them.

     104

  Because, you see, I was with Joe
Regetti just before he died, and shortly
after. I didn’t see him die, and I’m
thankful for that. I don’t think I could
have stood watching if what I suspect is
true.

   It’s because of what I suspect that I
went to the Government for help,
They’ve sent men down here now, to in-
vestigate, and I hope they find enough to
convince them that what I have told them
is actual fact. If they don't find the tun-
nels, or I was mistaken about the trap-
door, at least I can show them Joe Reget-
ti’s body. That ought to convince any-
body, I guess.

   I can’t blame them for being skeptical,
though. I was skeptical myself, once, and
so were Joe Regetti and his mob, I sup*
pose. But since then I have learned that
it is wiser not to scoff at what one does
not understand. There are more things
on earth than those who walk about upon
its surface—there are others that creep
and crawl below.

   HAD never heard of Joe Regetti until 1
was kidnapped. That isn’t so hard to
understand. Regetti was a gangster, and
a stranger in the town. I am descended
from Sir Ambrose Abbott, one of the
original settlers.

  At the time of which I speak, I was
living alone in the family place on
Bascom Street. The life of a painter de-
mands solitude. My immediate family
was dead, and although socially promi-
THE CREEPER IN THE CRYPT

105

nent through accident of birth, I had but
few friends. Consequently, it is hard to
understand why Regetti chose me to kid-
nap first. But then, he was a stranger.

  Later I learned that he had been in
town only a week, staying ostensibly at a
hotel with three other men, none of
whom was subsequently apprehended.

  But Joe Regetti was a totally unknown
factor in my mind until that night when
I left Tarleton's party at his home on
Sewell Street.

  It was one of the few invitations I had
accepted in the past year. Tarleton had
urged me, and as he was an old friend, I
obliged. It had been a pleasant evening.

Brent, the psychiatrist, was there, and
Colonel Warren, as well as my old com-
panions of college days, Harold Gauer
and the Reverend Williams. After a
pleasant enough evening, I left, planning
to walk home as I usually did, by choice.

  It was a lovely evening—with a dead
moon, wrapped in a shroud of clouds,
riding the purple sky. The old houses
looked like silver palaces in the mystic
moonlight; deserted palaces in a land
where all but memories are dead. For the
streets of Arkham are bare at midnight,
and over all hangs the age-old enchant-
ment of days gone by.

  Trees tossed their twisted tops to the
106

WEIRD TALES

sky, and stood like furtive conspirators in
little groups together, while the wind
whispered its plots through their branches.
It was a night to inspire the fabulous
thoughts and imaginative morbidities I
loved so well.

  I walked slowly, contentedly, my
thoughts free and far awray. I never saw
the car following me, or the man lurking
ahead in the gloom. I strolled past the
great tree in front of the Carter house,
and then, without warning, balls of fire
burst within my head, and I plunged,
unconscious, into waiting arms.

  When I recovered, I was already there
in the cellar, lying on a bench.

  It was a large cellar—an old cellar.
Wherever I looked there was stone and
cobwebs. Behind me lay the stairs down
which I had been carried. To the left was
a little room, like a fruit-cellar. Far down
the stone wall to the right I could dis-
cern the looming outlines of a coal-pile,
though furnace there was none.

  Directly in the space before me was a
table and two chairs. The table was oc-
cupied by an oil lamp and a pack of cards
in solitaire formation. The chairs were
likewise occupied, by two men. My cap-
tors.

  One of them, a big, red-faced man
with the neck of a hog, was speaking.

  "Yeah, Regetti. We got him easy. We
follow him like you say, from house, and
grab him in front of tree. Right away
come here—nobody saw not’ing.”

  "Where’s Slim and the Greek?” asked
the man who was playing solitaire, look-
ing up. He was short, slim, and sallow.
His hair was dark, his complexion
swarthy. Italian, I decided. Probably the
leader. I realized, of course, that I had
been kidnapped. Where I was or who
my captors were I could not say. My
throbbing head cleared, and I had enough
sense not to bluster or start trouble. These
weren’t local men—not with those clothes

—and there was an ominous bulge in the
dark man’s coat-pocket. I decided to play
’possum and await developments.

  The hog-necked man was replying to
the other's question.

   "I tell Slim and Greek to go back to
hotel with car,” he said. "Just like you
say, boss.”

   "Good work, Polack,” said the other,
lighting a cigar.

   "I do my best for you, Joe Regetti,”
said the big man, in his broken dialect.

  "Yeah. Sure. I know you do,” the
swarthy Regetti replied. "Just keep it up,
and we’re going to be all set, see? Once
I put the snatch on a few more of these
birds, we’ll clean up. The local coppers
are all stiffs, and as soon as I get a line
on some more of these old families weTl
be taking in the dough regular.”

beg your pardon,” I said.

   "Oh, awake, eh?” The thin Italian
didn’t move from the table. "Glad to
hear it. Sorry the boys had to get rough,
mister. Just sit tight and everything’s
going to be swell.”

   "I’m glad to hear that,” I replied, sar-
castically. "You see, I’m not accustomed
to being kidnapped.”

  "Well, let me handle it,” said Joe
Regetti. "I’ll show you the ropes.”
"Thanks,” I retorted. "You already
have.” And I pointed to the ones that
bound my hands and feet.

  "Sense of humor, eh? O. K. Hope
your friends come across with the dough
after they get this letter I wrote, or maybe
the rest isn’t going to be so funny.”

   "What next?” I said, desperately hop-
ing that something would turn up to give
me an opening of some sort.

   "You’ll see soon enough,” advised tine
man. "First, I’m going to sit up with you
down here for the rest of the night.”

   The Pole’s face paled.
THE CREEPER IN THE CRYPT

107

  "No, boss,” he begged. "You no stay
down here.”

  "Why not?” rasped Regetti, harshly.
"What's the matter with you, Polack—
turning yellow on me, eh?”

  "I’m not,” whined the man. "But you
know what was happen here before, boss
-—how they find Tony Fellippo’s leg ly-
in’ on floor with no body left."

  "Lay off the bedtime stories,” Regetti
chuckled. "You yokels make me sick
with that stuff.”

  "But dot’s true, boss. They never was
for to find any more of old Tony Fellippo
-—just his leg on cellar floor. Dot why
his mob go ’way so quick. They no want
for to die, too.”

  "What do you mean, die?” snarled
Regetti, testily.

  The Pole’s face paled, and his voice
sank to a hushed whisper that blended
with the cellar’s darkness; a shadow voice
in a shadow world.

  "Dot what everyone say, boss. Dot
house is witched—like haunted one, may-
be. Nobody put Tony Fellippo on spot—
dot feller, he too dam’ smart guy. But he
sit all alone here one night, and some-
t’ing come up from earth and swallow
him, all but leg.”

  "Will you shut up?” Regetti cut in.
"That’s a lot of hooey. Some wise guy
put the heat on Fellippo and got rid of
the body. Only his leg was left to scare
off the rest of his mob. Are you trying to
tell me a ghost killed him, sap?”

  "Yah, sure,” insisted the Pole. "No
man kill Tony. Not like you say, any-
how. Find leg, all right, but all over is
lot blood on floor, and little pieces skin.
No feller kill man like dot—only spirit.
Vampire, maybe.”

  "Nuts!” Regetti was scornfully biting
his cigar.

  "Maybe so,- But look—here is blood,”

And the Pole pointed a stubby finger at
the floor and cellar wall to the left.
Regetti followed it with his gaze.

  There was blood, all right—great, rusty
blobs of blood, spattered all over the
floor and wall like the pigments on the
palette of a mad painter.

  "No man kill odder feller like dot,”
the Pole muttered. "Not even ax make
such mess. And you know what fellers
they say about Fellippo’s leg—was all
full of tooth-marks.”

  "Right,” mused the other, thought-
fully. "And the rest of his gang did get
out of here pretty fast after it happened.
Didn’t try to hide the body, or do any-
thing about it.” He frowned. "But that
doesn’t prove any balony about ghosts, or
vampires. You been reading too many
bum magazines lately, Polack.”

  He laughed.

  "What about iron door?” grumbled the
Pole, accusingly, his red face flushing.
"What about iron door back of coal in
coal-pile, huh? You know what fellers
down by Black Jim’s place say about
house with iron door in cellar.”

  "Yeah.” Regetti’s face clouded.

  "You no look by iron door yet, boss,”
the man continued. "Maybe you find
somet’ing behind door yet, like fellers
say—dot where t’ing dot got Fellippo
come from; dot where it hide. Police they
not find door either, when they come.
Just find leg, and blood, and shut up
house. But fellers know. They tell me
plenty about house with iron door in
cellar; say it bad place from old days
when witch-fellers live here. It lead to
hill back of house; cemetery, maybe*
Perhaps dot’s why nobody live here so
long—afraid of what hides on other side
of door; what come out and kill Tony
Fellippo. I know about house with iron
door in cellar, all right.”
WEIRD TALES

I knew about the house, too. So that’s
where I was! In the old Chambers
house on Pringle Street! Many a story
I’ve heard from the old folks when I was
a boy about the old man, Ezekiel Cham-
bers, whose wizard tricks bequeathed him
such an unsavory reputation in Colonial
days. I knew about Jonathan Dark, the
other owner, who had been tried for
smuggling just before the terrible days of
1818, and the abhorrent practise of grave-
robbing he had been said to pursue in the
ancient cemetery directly behind the
house, on the hill.

  Many peculiar rumors were circulated
about the moldering house with the iron
door in the cellar at this time—about the
door, particularly, which Dark was said
to use as a passageway for bringing his
stolen cadavers back to dispose of. It was
even claimed that the door had never
been opened when Dark was tried, be-
cause of his astounding and hideous claim
that the key which locked it was on the
ether side. Dark had died during the
trial, while in prison, babbling blasphe-
mies that no man dared believe; mon-
strous hints of what lay beneath the old
graveyard on the hill; of tunnels and bur-
rows and secret vaults used in witch-days
for unhallowed rites. He spoke of ten-
ants in these vaults, too, and of what
sometimes would come to visit the house
from below when a wizard invoked it
with the proper spells and sacrifice.
There was more, too—but then, Dark
was quite mad. At least, everyone thought
it better to believe so.

  Old tales die. The house had stood
deserted for many years, until most men
forgot the reason for which it had been
forsaken, ascribing its vacancy only to
age. The public today were utterly un-
aware of the legends. Only the old ones
remembered—the old ones who whis-
pered their stories to me when I was a
boy.

  So this was the Dark house to which I
had been brought! And this was the very
cellar of the tales in question! I gathered
from the remarks between Regetti and the
superstitious Pole that another gang had
recently used it for a hideaway until the
death of their leader; indeed, I even
vaguely remembered some newspaper
reports of Tony Fellippo’s mysterious
murder.

  And now Regetti had come from New
York to use it as a base.

  Clever scheme of his, evidently—com-
ing to an old New England town and
kidnapping the local gentry to hold for
ransom; then hiding them away in some
old, deserted house so conveniently pro-
tected by superstition. I supposed that
there would be more victims after me,
too: the man was smart and cunning
enough to get away with it.

  These thoughts flashed through my
mind during the argument between the
Pole and his leader. But their altercation
came to an abrupt halt.

  "I wish you get out of here," the Pole
was saying. "'If you stay only one night
dot t’ing he come. Dot's all Tony Fel-
lippo stay.”

  “Shut up, you fool. Didn’t we stay
here last night, too, before the job? And
nothing happened.”

  ‘'Yeah, sure. I know. But we stay up-
stairs, not by cellar. Why not keep feller
upstairs?”

  “Because we can’t afford to risk being
seen,” Regetti snapped, wearily. “Now,
cut the chatter.”

  He turned to me.

  “Listen, you. I’m sending this guy out
with a ransom letter right now, to your
friends back at the party. All you have
to do is keep your mouth shut and sit
tight. But any funny business means
you’re through, see?”

  I kept silent.

  **Take him in there, Polack, and tie
THE CREEPER IN THE CRYPT

109

him up.” Regetti indicated a fruit-cellar
adjacent to the stairs.

  The Pole, still grumbling, dragged me
across the floor and into the room. He lit
a candle, casting strange shadows over the
cobwebbed, dust-drowned shelving on the
walls. Jars of preserves still stood un-
touched, storing, perhaps, the crop of a
hundred years ago. Broken jars were still
strewn about on the tottering table. As I
glanced about, the Pole tossed me into a
chair beside the rickety board, and pro-
ceeded to lash me to it firmly with a stout
rope. I was not gagged or blindfolded
again, though the choking atmosphere
about me served as a good substitute for
both.

  He left me, closing the door. I was
alone in the candle-lit quiet.

  X strained my ears, and was rewarded
by hearing Regetti dismiss his henchman
for the night, evidently to deliver the
ransom note to the proper authorities.
He, Regetti, would stay behind on guard.

  "Don’t run into any ghosts on your
way,” he called after his companion, as
the big Pole lumbered up the stairs.

  A slamming outer door was his only
response. From the ensuing quiet I
judged Regetti had gone back to his soli-
taire.

  Meanwhile, I looked about for some
means of escape. I found it at last, on
the table beside me. The broken jars—
glass edges to cut my bonds!

Purposefully I edged my chair closer
to the table end. If I could get a
piece of that glass in my hands . . .

  As I moved, I strained my ears once
more to make sure that any noise made
by the chair would be inaudible to Regetti,
waiting outside. There was no sound
from the chair as I reached the table, and
I sighed with relief as I maneuvered my
pinioned hands until they grasped a piece
of glass firmly. Then I began to rub it

against the edge of the rope which bound
them.

  It was slow work. Minutes ticked away
into hours, and still no sound from out-
side, save a muffled series of snores.
Regetti had fallen asleep over his cards.
Good! Now, if I could get my wrists free
and work on my feet, I would be able to
make it.

  My right hand was loose at last, though
my wrist was damp with mingled sweat
and blood. Cutting away from behind
was not a precise, calculated sort of job.
Quickly I finished the work on my left,
then rubbed my swollen fingers and bent
over to saw at the ropes on my legs.

  Then I heard the sound.

  It was the grating of rusty hinges.
Anyone who has lived in archaic houses
all his life learns to recognize the pecu-
liar, eery clang. Rusty hinges grating
from the cellar beyond . . . from an iron
door? A scuffling sound among the coal
. . . the iron door is concealed by the coal-
pile. Fellippo only stayed down here one
night. All they found was his leg.

  Jonathan Dark, babbling on his death-
bed. The door locked from the other side.
Tunnels to the graveyard. What lurks in
graveyards, ancient and unseen, then
creeps from crypts to feast?

  A scream rose in my throat, but I
choked it back. Regetti still snored.
Whatever was going on in the outer room,
I must not wake him and lose my only
chance of escape. Instead, I had best
hasten and free my legs. I worked fever-
ishly, but my ears were alert for develop-
ments.

  They came. The noise in the coal-pile
abruptly ceased, and I went limp with
relief. Perhaps rats were at work.

  A moment later I would have given
anything to have heard the coal rattling
again, if only to drown out the new noise.

  There was something creeping across
the cellar floor; something crawling, as if
110

WEIRD TALES

on hands and knees; something with long
nails or claws that rasped and Scraped.
There was something croaking and chuck-
ling as it moved through the cellar dark;
something that wheezed with bestial, sick-
ening laughter, like the death-rattle in die
throat of a plague-stricken corpse.

  Oh, how slyly it crept—how slowly,
cautiously, and sinisterly! I could hear it
slinking in the shadows, and my fingers
raced at their work, even while my brain
grew numb.

  Traffic between tombs and a wizard's
bouse—traffic with things the old wives
say can never die.

  Regetti snored on.

  What bides below, in caverns, that can
be invoked by the proper spell—or the
sight of prey?

  Creep.

  And then . . .

Regetti awoke. I heard him scream,
. once. He didn’t even have time to
get up or draw his gun. There was a
demoniac scurrying across the floor, as if
made by a giant rat. Then the faint sound
of shredding flesh, and over all, a sudden
ghoulish baying that conjured up worlds
of nightmare horror in my shattered
brain.

  Above the howling came a series of
low, almost animal moans, and agonized
phrases in Italian, cries for mercy, prayers,
curses.

  Claws make no sound as they sink into
flesh, and yellow fangs are silent till they
grate on bone. . . .

  My left leg was free, then my right.
Now I slashed at the rope around my
waist. Suppose it came in here?

  The baying ceased, but the silence was
haggard with horror.

  There are some banquets without
toasts. . . .

  And now, once again, moans. My
spine shivered. All around me the

shadows grinned, for outside was revelry
as in the olden days. Revelry, and a thing
that moaned, and moaned, and moaned.

  Then I was loose. As the moaning
died away in the darkness, I cut the final
strands of rope that bound me to my
chair. . . .

  I did not leave at once, for there were
still sounds in the other room w'hich I did
not like; sounds which caused my soul to
shrivel, and my sanity to succumb before
a nameless dread.

  I heard that pawing and padding rustle
along the floor, and after the shrieking
had ceased, a worse noise took its pi See—■
a burbling noise—as if someone or some-
thing was sucking marrow from a bone.
And the terrible, clicking sound; the feed-
ing sound of gigantic teeth. . . .

  Yes, I waited; waited until the crunch-
ing had mercifully ceased, and then
waited on until the rustling slithered back
into the cellar, and disappeared. When I
heard the brazen clang of a rusty door
grate in the distance, I felt safe.

  It was then that I left at last; passing
through the now-deserted cellar, up the
stairs, and out unguarded doors into the
silver security' of a moonlit night. It was
very good to see the street-lights again,
and hear the trolleys rumble from afar.
My taxi took me to the precinct station,
and after I had told my story the police
did the rest.

  I told my story, but I did not mention
the iron door against the hillside. That I
saved for the ears of the Government
men. Nov/ they can do what they like
about it, since I am far away. But I did
not want anybody prying around too
closely to that door while I remained in
the city, because even now I cannot—dare
not—say what might lurk behind it. The
hillside leads to the graveyard, and the
graveyard to places far beneath. And
in olden days there was a curious traffic
betwixt tomb and tunnel and a wiz*
THE CREEPER IN THE CRYPT

111]

ard's house; traffic not confined to men
alone. . . .

  I’m pretty positive about all this, too.
Not alone from the disappearance of the
Feflippo gang, or the wildly whispered
tales of the foreign men: not alone from
these, but from a much more concrete and
ghastly proof.

  It is a proof I don’t care to speak about
even today—a proof that the police know,
but which is fortunately deleted from
newspaper accounts of the tragedy.

  What men w'ill find behind that iron
door I will not venture to say, but I think

3	know why only Feilippo;s leg was found
before. I did not look at the iron door
before I left the house, but I did see
something else in the cellar as I passed

through to the stairs. That is why I ran
frantically up the steps; that is why I
went to the Government, and that is why
I never want to go back to witch-haunted,
age-accursed Arkham. I found proof.

  Because when I went out, I saw Joe
Regetti sitting in his chair by the table in
the cellar. The lamp was on, and I am
quite sure I saw no foot-prints. I’m glad
of that. But I did see Joe Regetti sitting
in his chair, and then I knew the meaning
of the screams, and the crunching, and
the padding sound.

  Joe Regetti, sitting in his chair in the
cellar lamplight, with his naked body
chewed entirely to ribbons by gigantic
and unhuman teeth!

UeiRD JTf

a RcPRSNT

5Vie

%

ounds of Tindalos

By FRANK BELKNAP LONG, JR.

"I

’M GLAD you came,” said Chal-
mers. He was sitting by the win-
dow and his face was very pale.
Two tall candles guttered at his elbow
and cast a sickly amber light over his long
nose and slightly receding chin. Chal-
mers would have nothing modern about

 * From WEIRD TALES for March, 2929.

his apartment. He had the soul of a
mediaeval ascetic, and he preferred il-
luminated manuscripts to. automobiles,
and leering stone gargoyles to radios and
adding-machines.

  As I crossed the room to the settee he
had cleared for me I glanced at his desk
and was surprized to discover that he had
112

WEIRD TALES

been studying the mathematical formula
of a celebrated contemporary physicist,
and that he had covered many sheets of
thin yellow paper with curious geometric
designs.

  "Einstein and John Dee are strange
bedfellows,’’ I said as my gaze wandered
,from his mathematical charts to the sixty
or seventy quaint books that comprised
his strange little library. Plotinus and
Emanuel Moscopulus, St. Thomas Aqui-
nas and Frenicle de Bessy stood elbow to
elbow in the somber ebony bookcase, and
chairs, table and desk were littered with
pamphlets about mediaeval sorcery and
witchcraft and black magic, and all of the
valiant glamorous things that the modern
world has repudiated.

  Chalmers smiled engagingly, and
passed me a Russian cigarette on a curi-
ously carved tray. "We are just discover-
ing now,” he said, "that the old alchem-
ists and sorcerers were two-thirds right,
and that your modern biologist and ma-
terialist is nine-tenths wrong.”

  "You have always scoffed at modern
science,” I said, a little impatiently.

   "Only at scientific dogmatism,” he re-
plied. "I have always been a rebel, a
champion of originality and lost causes;
that is why I have chosen to repudiate
the conclusions of contemporary biolo-
gists.”

   "And Einstein?” I asked.

   "A priest of transcendental mathemat-
ics!” he murmured reverently. "A pro-
found mystic and explorer of the great

suspected

  "Then you do not entirely despise
science.

   "Of course not,” he affirmed. "I mere-
ly distrust the scientific positivism of the
past fifty years, the positivism of Haeckel
and Darwin and of Mr. Bertrand Russell.
I believe that biology has failed pitifully
to explain the mystery of man’s origin
and destiny.”

  "Give them time,” I retorted.
Chalmers’ eyes glowed. "My friend,”
he murmured, "your pun is sublime.
Give them time. That is precisely what I
would do. But your modern biologist
scoffs at time. He has the key but he re-
fuses to use it. What do we know of time,
really? Einstein believes that it is rela-
tive, that it can be interpreted in terms of
space, of curved space. But must we stop
there? When mathematics fails us can we
not advance by—insight?”

  "You are treading on dangerous
ground,” I replied. "That is a pitfall that
your true investigator avoids. That is
why modern science has advanced so
slowly. It accepts nothing that it cannot

demonstrate. But you-

  "I would take hashish, opium, all man-
ner of drugs. I would emulate the sages
of the East. And then perhaps I would

apprehend-

  "What?”

  "The fourth dimension.”
  "Theosophical rubbish!”

  "Perhaps. But I believe that drugs.ex-
pand human consciousness. William
James agreed with me. And I have dis-
covered a new one.”

  "A new drug?”

  "It was used centuries ago by Chinese
alchemists, but it is virtually unknown in
the West. Its occult properties are amaz-
ing. With its aid and the aid of my
mathematical knowledge I believe that I
can go back through time”

  "I do not understand.”

  "Time is merely our imperfect percep-
tion of a new dimension of space. Time
and motion are both illusions. Everything
that has existed from the beginning of
the world exists now. Events that oc-
curred centuries ago on this planet con-
tinue to exist in another dimension of
space. Events that will occur centuries
from now exist already. We cannot per-
ceive their existence because we cannot

                     W. T.—7
THE HOUNDS OF TINDALOS

113

enter the dimension of space that contains
them. Human beings as we know them
are merely fractions, infinitesimally small
fractions of one enormous whole. Every
human being is linked with all the life
that has preceded him on this planet. Ail
of his ancestors are parts of him. Only
time separates him from his forebears,
and time is an illusion and does not
exist.”

  "I think 1 understand,” I murmured.
"It will be sufficient for my purpose if
you can form a vague idea of what I wish
to achieve. I wish to strip from my eyes
the veils of illusion that time has thrown
over them, and see the beginning and the
end.”

  "And you think this new drug will
help you?”

  "I am sure that it will. And I want
you to help me. I intend to take the drug
immediately. I cannot wait. I must see.”
His eyes glittered strangely. "I am going
back, back through time.”

  He rose and strode to the mantel.
When he faced me again he was holding
a small square box in the palm of his
hand. "I have here five pellets of the
drug Liao. It was used by the Chinese
philosopher Lao Tze, and while under its
influence he visioned Tao. Tao is the
most mysterious force in the world; it
surrounds and pervades all things; it con-
tains the visible universe and everything
that wre call reality. He who apprehends
the mysteries of Tao sees clearly all that
was and will be.”

  "Rubbish!” I retorted.

  "Tao resembles a great animal, recum-
bent, motionless, containing in its enor-
mous body all the worlds of our universe,
the past, the present and the future. We
see portions of this great monster through
a slit, which we call time. With the aid
of this drug I shall enlarge^riie slit. I
shall behold the great figure of life, the
great recumbent beast in its entirety/'

  W T ~S

  "And what do you wish me to do?"
"Watch, my friend. Watch and take
notes. And if I go back too far you must
recall me to reality. You can recall me
by shaking me violently. If I appear to
be suffering acute physical pain you must
recall me at once.”

  "Chalmers,” I said, "I wish you
wouldn’t make this experiment. You are
taking dreadful risks. I don’t believe that
there is any fourth dimension and I em-
phatically do not believe in Tao. And
I don’t approve of your experimenting
with unknown drugs.”

  "I know the properties of this drug,”
he replied. "I know precisely how it
affects the human animal and I know its
dangers. The risk does not reside in the
drug itself. My only fear is that I may
become lost in time. You see, I shall
assist the drug. Before I swallow this
pellet I shall give my undivided attention
to the geometric and algebraic symbols
that I have traced on this paper.” He
raised the mathematical chart that rested
on his knee. "I shall prepare my mind
for an excursion into time. I shall
approach the fourth dimension with my
conscious mind before I take the drug
which will enable me to exercise occult
powers of perception. Before I enter the
dream world of the Eastern mystics I
shall acquire all of the mathematical help
that modern science can offer. This math-
ematical knowledge, this conscious ap-
proach to an actual apprehension of the
fourth dimension of time will supple-
ment the w'ork of the drug. The drug
will open up stupendous new vistas—the
mathematical preparation will enable me
to grasp them intellectually. I have often
grasped the fourth dimension in dreams,
emotionally, intuitively, but I have never
been able to recall, in waking life, the
occult splendors that were momentarily
revealed to me.

But^’ith your aid, 1 believe that f can
114

WEIRD TALES

tecall them. You will lake ckiwn every-
thing that I say while I rnn under the
influence of the drug. No matter how
strange or incoherent my .speech may be-
come you will omit nothing. When I
awake I may be able to supply the key to
whatever is mysterious or Incredible. I
am not sure that I shall succeed, but if
I do succeed”—his eyes were strangely
luminous—"time mill exist for me no
Jonger!”

  He sat down abruptly. "I shall make
the experiment at once. PVe*#e stand over
there by the window and watch. Have
you a fountain pen?”

  I nodded gloomily and removed a pale
green Waterman from my upper vest
pocket.

  "And a pad, Frank? '

  I groaned and produced a memoran-
dum book. "I emphatically disapprove
of this experiment,” I muttered. "You’re
taking a frightful risk.

  “Don’t be an asinine old woman!” he
admonished. "Nothing; that you can say
will induce me to stop now. I entreat
you to remain silent wihile i study these
charts.”

  He raised the charts arxi studied them
intently. I watched the ciock on the man-
tel as it ticked out the seconds, and a
curious dread clutched as my heart so that
I choked.

  Suddenly the dock stopped ticking,
and exactly at that moment Chalmers
swallowed the drug.

I rose quickly and moved toward him,
but his eyes implored me not to inter-
fere. '"The dock has stopped,'’ he mur-
mured. "The forces that control it ap-
prove of my experiment. Time stopped,
and I swallowed the drug. I pray God
that X shall not lose my way .”

  He closed his eyes and leaned back on
the sofa. All of the blood, ^w»d left his
face and be was breath heavily. It

was clear that the drug was acting with
extraordinary rapidity.

  “It is beginning to get dark,” he mur-
mured. "Write that. It is beginning to
get dark and the familiar objects in the
room are fading out. I can discern them
vaguely through my eyelids, but the}' are
fading swiftly.”

  I shook my pen to make the ink come
and wrote rapidly in shorthand as he con-
tinued to dictate.

  “I am leaving the room. The walls
are vanishing and I can no longer see
any of the familiar objects. Your face,
though, is still vi.sible to me. I hope that
you are writing. I think that I am about
to make a great leap—a leap through
space. Or perhaps it is through time that
I shall make the leap. I cannot tell.
Everything is dark, indistinct.”

   He sat for a, while silent, with his hea<
sunk upon his breast. Then suddenly he
stiffened and his eyelids fluttered open.
"God in heaven!” he cried. "I see!”

  He was straining forward in his chair,
staring at the opposite wall. But I knew
that he was looking beyond the wall anc
that the objects in the room no longer
existed for him. Chalmers,” I cried,
"Chalmers, shall 1 wake you?”

  "Do not!" he shrieked. "I see every-
thing. All of the billions of lives that
preceded me on this planet are before me
at this moment. 1 see men of all ages,
all races, ail colors. They are fighting,
killing, building, dancing, singing. They
are sitting about rude fires on lonely gray
deserts, and flying through the air in
monoplanes. They are riding the seas in
bark canoes and enormous steamships;
they are painting bison and mammoths
on the walls of dismal caves and covering
huge canvases with queer futuristic
designs. I watch the migrations from
Atlantis. I watch the migrations from
Lemur ia 1 see the elder races—a strange
horde of bl«ck dwarfs overwhelming
THE HOUNDS OF TINDALOS

115

Asia, and the Neandertalers with lowered
heads and bent knees ranging obscenely
across Europe. I watch the Achseans
streaming into the Greek islands, and the
crude beginnings of Hellenic culture. I
am in Athens and Pericles is young. I am
standing on the soil of Italy. I assist in
the rape of the Sabines; I march with the
Imperial Legions. I tremble with awe
and wonder as the enormous standards go
by and the ground shakes with the tread
of the victorious hastati. A thousand
naked slaves grovel before me as I pass
in a litter of gold and ivory drawn by
night-black oxen from Thebes, and the
flower-girls scream 'Ave C&sar’ as I nod
and smile. I am myself a slave on a
Moorish galley. I watch the erection of
a great cathedral. Stone by stone it rises,
and through months and years I stand
and watch each stone as it fails into place.
I am burned on a cross head downward
in the thyme-scented gardens of Nero,
and I watch with amusement and scorn
the torturers at work in the chambers of
the Inquisition.

  "I walk in the holiest sanctuaries; I
enter the temples of Venus. I kneel in
adoration before the Magna Mater, and I
throw coins on the bare knees of the
sacred courtezans who sit with veiled
faces in the groves of Babylon. I creep
into an Elizabethan theater and with the
stinking rabble about me I applaud The
Merchant of Venice. I walk with Dante
through the narrow streets of Florence.
I meet the young Beatrice, and the hem
of her garmet brushes my sandals as I
stare enraptured. I am a priest of Isis,
and my magic astounds the nations.
Simon Magus kneels before me, implor-
ing my assistance, and Pharaoh trembles
when I approach. In India I talk with
the Masters and run, screaming from
thc-ir presence, for tneir revelations are as
salt on wounds that bleed.

  "I perceive everything simultaneously.

I perceive everything from all sides; I am
a part of all the teeming billions about
me. I exist in all men and all men exist
in me. I perceive the whole of human
history in a single instant, the past and
the present.

  "By simply straining I can see farther
and farther back. Now I am going bad:
through strange curves and angles. An-
gles and curves multiply about me. I per-
ceive great segments of time through
curves. There is curved time, and angu-
lar time. The beings that exist in angular
time cannot enter curved time. It is very
strange.

  T am going back and back. Man has
disappeared from the earth. Gigantic
reptiles crouch beneath enormous palms
and swim through the loathly black wat-
ers of dismal lakes. Now the reptiles
have disappeared. No animals remain
upon the land, but beneath the waters,
plainly visible to me, dark forms move
slowly over the rotting vegetation.

  "The forms are becoming simpler and
simpler. Now they are single cells. All
about me there are angles—strange an-
gles that have no counterparts on the
earth. I am desperately afraid.

  "There is an abyss of being which man
has never fathomed.”

  I stared. Chalmers had risen to his
feet and he was gesticulating helplessly
with his arms. *1 am passing through un-
earthly angles; I am approaching—oh,
the burning horror of it!”

  "Chalmers!” I cried. "Do you wish
me to interfere?”

  He brought his right hand quickly be-
fore his face, as though to shut out a
vision unspeakable. "Not yet!” he cried;
"I will go on. 1 will see—what-—lies—

beyond-”

  A cold sweat streamed from his fore-
head and his shoulders jerked spasmod-
ically. "Beyond life there are”-—-his facc
grew ashen with terror—(t things that ■
116

WEIRD TALES

cannot distinguish. They' move slowly
through angles. They have no bodies,
and they move slowly through out-
lageous angles/'

   It was then that I became aware of the
odor in the room. It was a pungent, in-
describable odor, so nauseous that I
could scarcely endure it. I stepped quick-
fy to the window and threw it open.
When I returned to Chalmers and looked
into his eyes T nearly fainted.

  *T think they have scented me!” he
shrieked. "They are slowly turning to-
ward me.”

  He was trembling horribly. For a mo-
ment he clawed at the air with his hands.
Then his legs gave way beneath him and
he fell forward on his face, slobbering
and moaning.

   I watched him in silence as he dragged
himself across the floor. He was no
longer a man. His teeth were bared and
saliva dripped from the comers of his
mouth.

  "Chalmers,” I cried. "Chalmers, stop
it! Stop it, do you hear?”

  As if in reply to my appeal he com-
menced to utter hoarse convulsive sounds
which resembled nothing so much as the
barking of a dog, and began a sort of
hideous writhing in a circle about the
room. I bent- and seized him by the
shoulders. Violently, desperately, I shook
him. He turned his head and snapped at
my wrist. I was sick with horror, but I
dared not release him for fear that he
would destroy himself in a paroxysm of
rage.

  "Chalmers,” I muttered, "you must
stop that. There is nothing in this room
that ran harm you. Do you understand?”
I continued to shake and admonish
him, and gradually the madness died out
of his face. Shivering convulsively, he
crumpled into a grotesque heap on the
Chinese rug.

1 carried him to the sofa and depos-
ited him upon it. His features were
twisted in pain, and I knew that he was
still struggling dumbly to escape from
abominable memories.

  "Whisky,” he muttered. "You’ll find
a flask in the cabinet by the window—
upper left-hand drawer.”

  When I handed him the flask his fin-
gers tightened about it until the knuckles
showed blue. "They nearly got me,” he
gasped. He drained the stimulant in im-
moderate gulps, and gradually the color
crept back into his face.

  "That drug was the very devil!” I
murmured.

  "It wasn’t the drug,” he moaned.

  His eyes no longer glared insanely, but
he still wore the look of a lost soul.

  "They scented me in time,” he
moaned. "I went too far.”

  "What were they like?” I said, to
humor him.

  He leaned forward and gripped my
arm. He was shivering horribly. "No
words in our language can describe
them!” He spoke in a hoarse whisper.
"They are symbolized vaguely in the i
myth of the Fall, and in an obscene form I
which is occasionally found engraved on
ancient tablets. The Greeks had a name
for them, which veiled their essential
foulness. The tree, the snake and the
apple-—these are the vague symbols of a
most awful mystery.

  His voice had risen to a scream. I
“Frank, Frank, a terrible and unspeak- I
able deed was done in the beginning. I
Before time, the deed, and from the I

deed-”

  He had risen and was hysterically I
pacing the room. "The seeds of the deed
move through angles in dim recesses of
time. They are hungry and athirst!”
"Chalmers,” I pleaded to quiet him.
"We are living in the third decade of the
Twentieth Century/'
THE HOUNDS OF TINDALOS

  "They are lean and athirst!” he
shrieked. "The Hounds of Tindalos!”

  "Chalmers, shall I phone for a phy-
sician?”

  "A physician cannot help me now.
They are horrors of the soul, and yet”—
he hid his face in his hands and groaned
—"they are real, Frank. I saw them for
a ghastly moment. For a moment I stood
on the other side. I stood on the pale
gray shores beyond time and space. In
an awful light that was not light, in a
silence that shrieked, I saw them.

  "All the evil in the universe was con-
centrated in their lean, hungry bodies.
Or had they bodies? I saw them only for
a moment; I cannot be certain. But 1
beard them breathe. Indescribably for a
moment I felt their breath upon my face.
They turned toward me and I fled
screaming. In a single moment I fled
screaming through time. I fled down
quintillions of years.

  *'Rut they scented me. Men awake in
them cosmic hungers. We have escaped,
momentarily, from the foulness that rings
them round. They thirst for that in us
which is clean, which emerged from the
deed without stain. There is a part of us
which did not partake in the deed, and
that they hate. But do not imagine that
they are literally, prosaically evil. They
are beyond good and evil as we know it.
They are that which in the beginning fell
away from cleanliness. Through the deed
they became bodies of death, receptacles
of all foulness. But they are not evil in
our sense because in the spheres through
which they move there is no thought, no
morals, no right or wrong as we under-
stand it. There is merely the pure and
the foul. The foul expresses itself
through angles; the pure through curves.
Man, the pure part of him, is descended
from a curve. Do not laugh. I mean that
literally.”

  1	rose and searched for my hat. "I’m

dreadfully sorry for you, Chalmers,” I
said, as I walked toward the door. "But
I don’t intend to stay and listen to such
gibberish. I’ll send my physician to see
you. He's an elderly, kindly chap and he
won’t be offended if you tell him to go
to the devil. But I hope you’ll respect his
advice. A week's rest in a good sanita-
rium should benefit you immeasurably.”
1 heard him laughing as I descended
the stairs, but his laughter was so utterly
mirthless that it moved me to tears.

2

When Chalmers phoned the follow-
ing morning my first impulse was
to hang up the receiver immediately. His
request was so unusual and his voice was
so wildly hysterical that I feared any
further association with him would result
in the impairment of my own sanity. But
I could not doubt the genuineness of his
misery, and when he broke down com-
pletely and I heard him sobbing over the
wire I decided to comply with his request.

  "Very well,” I said. "I will come over
immediately and bring the plaster.”

  En route to Chalmers’ home I stopped
at a hardware store and purchased twenty
pounds of plaster of Pnris. When I
entered my friend’s room he was crouch-
ing by the window watching the opposite
wail out of eyes that were feverish with
fright. When he saw me he rose and
seized the parcel containing the plaster
with an avidity that amazed and horrified
me. He had extruded all of the furniture
and the room presented a desolate ap-
pearance.

  "It is just conceivable that we can
thwart them!” he exclaimed. "But we
must work rapidly. Frank, there is a step-
ladder in the hall. Bring it here immedi-
ately. And then fetch a pail of water.

  ' "What for?” I murmured.

  He turned sharply and there was a
WEIRD TALES

 118

flush on his face. "To mix the plaster,
you fool!” he cried. "To mix the piaster
that will save our bodies and souls from
a contamination unmentionable. To mix
the plaster that will save the world from
—Frank, they must be kept out!”

  "Who?” I murmured.

  "The Hounds of Tindalos!” he mut-
tered. "They can only reach us through
angles. We must eliminate all angles
from this room. I shall plaster up all of
the corners, all of the crevices. We must
make this room resemble the interior of
a sphere."

  I knew that it would have been useless
to argue with him. I fetched the step-
ladder, Chalmers mixed the plaster, and
for three hours we labored. We filled in
the four corners of the wall and the inter-
sections of the floor and wall and the
wall and ceiling, and we rounded the
sharp angles of the window-seat.

  "I shall remain in this room until they
return in time," he affirmed when our
task was completed. "When they dis-
cover that the scent leads through curves
they will return. They will return rav-
enous and snarling and unsatisfied to the
foulness that was in the beginning, be-
fore time, beyond space."

  He nodded graciously and lit a cig-
arette. "It was good of you to help,” he
said.

  "Will you not see a physician, Chal-
mers?" I pleaded.

  "Perhaps—tomorrow," he murmured.
'".But now I must watch and wait."

  "Wait for what?" I urged.

  Chalmers smiled wanly. I know that
you think me insane," he said. "You
have a shrewd but prosaic mind, and
you cannot conceivc of an entity that
does not depend for its existence on
force and matter. But did it ever occur
to you, my friend, that force and matter
ire merely the barriers to perception im-
posed by time and space? When one

knows, as I do, that time and space are
identical and that they are both deceptive
because they are merely imperfect mani-
festations of a higher reality, one no
longer seeks in the visible world for an
explanation of the mystery and terror of
being.”

  I rose and walked toward the door.

  "Forgive me,” he cried. "I did not
mean to offend you. You have a superla-
tive intellect, but I—I have a superhuman
one. It is only natural that I should be
aware of your limitations.”

   "Phone if you need me,” I said, and
descended the stairs two steps at a time.
Til send my physician over at once,” I
muttered, to myself. "He’s a hopeless
maniac, and heaven knows what will
happen if someone doesn’t take charge of
him immediately."

o

rT^HIi following is a coyjdensation of
J. two an?iouncements which appeared
in the Partridgeville Gazette for July
3, 1928:

   Earthquake Shakes Financial District

  At 2 o’clock this morning an earth
tremor of unusual severity broke sev-
eral plate-glass windows in Central
Square and completely disorganized the
electric and street railway systems. The
tremor was felt in the outlying districts
and the steeple of the First Baptist
Church on Angell Hill (designed by
Christopher Wren in 1717) was entirely
demolished. Firemen are now attempting
to put out a blaze which threatens to
destroy the Partridgeville Glue Works.
An investigation is promised by th.e
mayor and an immediate attempt will be
made to fix responsibility for this dis-
astrous occurrence.
WEIRD TALES

119

OCCULT WRITER MURDERED
BY UNKNOWN GUEST

Horrible Crime in Central Square

Mystery Surrounds Death of Halpin
Chalmers

  At 9 a. m. today the body of Halpin
Chalmers, author and journalist, was
found in an empty room above the
jewelry store of Smithwick and Isaacs, 24
Central Square. The coroner’s investiga-
tion revealed that the room had been
rented furnished to Mr. Chalmers on
May 1, and that he had himself disposed
of the furniture a fortnight ago. Chal-
mers was the author of several recondite
books on occult themes, and a member of
the Bibliographic Guild. He formerly re-
sided in Brooklyn, New York.

  At 7 a. m. Mr. L. E. Hancock, who
occupies the apartment opposite Chal-
mers’ room in the Smithwick and Isaacs
establishment, smelt a peculiar odor
when he opened his door to take in his
cat and the morning edition of the Part-
ridgeville Gazette. The odor he describes
as extremely acrid and nauseous, and he
affirms that it was so strong in the vicinity
of Chalmers’ room that he was obliged to
hold his nose when he approached that
section of the hall.

  He was about to return to his own
apartment when it occurred to him that
Chalmers might have accidentally for-
gotten to turn off the gas in his kitchen-
ette. Becoming considerably alarmed at
the thought, he decided to investigate,
and when repeated tappings on Chal-
mers’ door brought no response he noti-
fied the superintendent. The latter
opened the door by means of a pass key,
and the two men quickly made their way
into Chalmers’ room. The room was ut-
terly destitute of furniture, and Hancock
asserts that when he furst glanced at the
flow his heart went cold within him,

Tilental Poisonititj !

Thoughts that Enslave Minds

    Tortured foots. Hwm hting* afc&»* self.'
confidence and peete ©fl mind huv* txatn tern
•O sheeda by	dwrta—fhe evil ftiougrA»

«f others. CM rmy, Ime and jcaknuf fee pro-
jectcd through «p*ce frOua the rniou of arafherf
D» pot*o*»d fliought*. Mu a^Mdhiw rays,
teach ihfuugh the ethemrf realm* «• cUn
innocent victim? AO of tm, Irons dev to dcy
amd hoar to hour, i* ewry watt of F.lV. in
•wry riMDom4«», art poa«&lc vWrire* of
toco**! poisoning. mine we understand ill
oofurc, «nd can quickly recognwe Its
<>«•» wooevtation.

  This FREE Sealed Book

    Do you know the utrenpCet of all law*
 in iwn’j body? Men'* Mr- lappmw,
 health. and er^Joywrit of the tlmi#* of
 W» depend or. M* anderarandmg c5 the
 of the hwnm mind. Let the
 Korirrucian* explain bow yoa may c*.
 quire an oge-atd method for mind devel-
 opment and the proper dm of your latest
 inner powetv. If mnctrr. vrrlte for the
 /'« ftalett boo*. Addreat: Scribe P JJ.O.

   ROSICRUCIANS

    (AMORC)

        San Jose, Camonia!

Dept. H-20

Boy .vonr Drac Sundries, Special-
ties. ^nppISee, Kof«>Ule«, ete, direct
from manufacturer through oar
Mail-Order Depft. All personal items
are mailed postpaid by os to plain
waled package. We have every -
twng. H «•!><! lor FREE, ffiutnted
mail-order eatol»c.

THE N-R MFC. CO.

Box 353	Hamilton, Ontario

WEIRD TALES
is on sale the
1st of each month.

[thej SECRET MUSEUM 
      OF MANKIND    
FTf-t U the Worifl'« Greatest Collection
nf Ptrance end Seeret. r-VifrtngT«pli6. Here
are the wolraerf. peoples Wlio Inhabit the
tape of :>ie «erth. See end ro*4 a6on»
the5r euricroG troetwes, their •ttrtnag
rites, their myvt.crtov* prnetlees. faring
trxplteet* have rJsfeed their Uvea t» Ob-
tain them Intimate phtrtoeraphe >» the
most lnacrp^nTVii* roi»*>rs of ton wwia.
Contents Intlufle: JsnsM I’hotot, Co»_
I1W Phrt-Ofi. Torture Fhotoe.

Photoc FetliOiS'hetoB. We. gemfl ctepgp
for the 1’KJSR Olurtrai-ea
the "Sesret STnecma ft MsnStnd.'’ Wttp
•peelnipo phologjrapfcs frgm Afnw. aw.
Oceania. e*e.
i Metre rnbHeaVjem,

»«V». lOOfi.

70 Fifth Are,, K*w Yort

I Li U SIP ATE 0

Brochuff
120

WEIRD TALES

and that the superintendent, without say-
ing a word, walked to the open window
and stared at the building opposite for
fully five minutes.

  Chalmers lay stretched upon his back
in the center of the room. He was starkly
nude, and his chest and arms were
covered with a peculiar bluish pus or
ichor. His head lay grotesquely upon his
chest. It had been completely severed
from his body, and the features were
twisted and torn and horribly mangled.
Nowhere was there a trace of blood.

  The room presented a most astonishing
appearance. The intersections of the
walls, ceiling and floor had been thickly
smeared w'ith plaster of Paris, but at
intervals fragments had cracked and
fallen off, and someone had grouped
these upon the floor about the murdered
man so as to form a perfect triangle.

  Beside the body were several sheets
of charred yellow paper. These bore fan-
tastic geometric designs and symbols and
several hastily scrawled sentences. The
sentences were almost illegible and so
absurd in context that they furnished no
possible clue to the perpetrator of the
crime. "I am waiting and watching,"
Chalmers wrote. "I sit by the window
and watch walls and ceiling. I do not
believe they can reach me, but I must
beware of the Doels. Perhaps they can
help them break through. The satyrs
will help, and they can advance through
the scarlet circles. The Greeks knew a
way of preventing that. It is a great pit)
that we have forgotten so much.”

  On another sheet of paper, the most
badly charred of the seven or eight frag-
ments found by Detective Sergeant
Douglas (of the Partridgeville Reserve),
was scrawled the following:

  "Good God, the plaster is falling! A
terrific shock has loosened the plaster and
it is falling. An earthquake perhaps! I

never could have anticipated this. It is
growing dark in the room. I must phone
Frank. But can he get here in time? I
w'ill try. I will recite the Einstein for-
mula. I will—God, they are breaking
through! They are breaking through!
Smoke is pouring from the corners of

the wall. Their tongues—ahhhhh-”

  In the opinion of Detective Sergeant
Douglas, Chalmers was poisoned by some
obscure chemical. He has sent specimens
of the strange blue slime found on Chal-
mers' body to the Partridgeville Chemical
Laboratories; and he expects the report
will shed new light on one of the most
mysterious crimes of recent years. That*
Chalmers entertained a guest on the
evening preceding the earthquake is cer-
tain, for his neighbor distinctly heard a
low murmur of conversation in the
former’s room as he passed it on his way
to the stairs. Suspicion points strongly to
this unknown visitor and the police are
diligently endeavoring to discover his
identity.

4

EPORT of fumes Morion, chemist
and bacteriologist:

My dear Mr. Douglas:

   The fluid sent to me for analysis is the
most peculiar that 1 have ever examined.
It resembles living protoplasm, but it
lacks the peculiar substances known as
enzymes. Enzymes catalyze the chemical
reactions occurring in living cells, and
when the cell dies they cause it to disinte-
grate by hydrolyzation. Without enzymes
protoplasm should possess enduring vi-
tality, i. e., immortality. Enzymes are the
negative components, so to speak, of uni-
cellular organism, which is the basis of
all life. That living matter can exist with-
out enzymes biologists emphatically deny.
And yet die substance that you have sent
WEIRD TALES

121

me is alive and it lacks these "indispens-
able” bodies. Good God, sir, do you
realize what astounding new vistas this
opens up?

J^XCERPT from The Secret Watchers
J—J by the late Hal pin Chalmers:

  What if, parallel to Hie life we know,
there is another life that does not die,
which lacks the elements that destroy
our life? Perhaps in another dimension
there is a different force from that which
generates our life. Perhaps this force
emits energy, or something similar to
energy, which passes from the unknown
dimension where it is and creatcs a new'
form of cell life in our dimension. No
one knows that such new cell life does
exist in our dimension. Ah, but I have
seen its manifestations. I have talked
with them. In my room at night I have
talked with the Doeis. And in dreams I
have seen their maker. J have stood on
the dim shore beyond time and matter
and seen it. It moves through strange
curves and outrageous angles. Some day
I shall travel in time and meet it face to
face.

  Coming soon

QUEST OF THE
STARSTONE

By

C. L.	and Henry Kuttner

A story in which Jirei of Joiry joins
forces with Northwest Smith.

Talk With God

  SAYS NOTED PSYCHOLOGIST

   A new and revolutionary religious teaching
 based entirely- on the misunderstood sayings of the
 Galilean Carpenter, and designed to show how we
 may find, understand and use the same identical
 power which Jesus used in performing His so-
 called Miracles,” is attracting world wide attention
 to its founder, Dr. Frank B. Robinson, noted
 psychologist, author and lecturer,

   "Psychiana,” this new psychological religion,
 believes and teaches that it is today possible fo-
 every normal human being, understanding spiritual
 law as Christ understood it, "to duplicate every
 work that the Carpenter of Galilee ever did”—it
 believes and teaches that when He said, "the
 tilings that I do shall ye do also." He meant what
 He said and meant it literally to all mankind,
 through all the ages.

   Dr. Robinson has prepared a 6000 word treatise
 on ' Psychiana,” in which he tells about his loag
 search for the Truth, how he finally came to the
 full realization of an Unseen Power or force so
 dynamic in itself that all other powers and forces
 fade into insignificance beside it”—how he learned
 to commune directly with the Living God, using
 this mighty, never-tailing power to demonstrate
 health, happiness and financial success-, and how
 any normal being may find and use it as Jesus did
 He is now offering this treatise free to every
 reader of tins magazine who writes him.

   If you want to read this "highly interesting,
 revolutionary and fascinating story of the discov-
 ery of a great Truth," just send your name and
 address to Dr. Frank B. Robinson, 41S Sixth St.,
 Moscow. Idaho. It will be sent free and postpaid
 without cost or obligation. Write the Doctot
 today.—Copyright, 1935, Dr. Frank B. Robinson.

ASTROLOGY Tells

Do you know what lire has to ofZar*

Are you going to he succoaaful in love*
True find faiwinatlng facts In store for
till. Astrological rending. Zodiac fold-
er and valuable offers sent for only
10c coin and ^c stamp. COMMER-
CIAL DLSTRUiUTINCi 3ER VICK. P.
O, Box &2-W, N. S. Pittsburgh, Pp..

A SUPER-THRILLER!

“The Moon Terror”

{in book form—50c)
THERE have been a number of letters
from you, the readers, inquiring
abouf John R. Speer, author of
Symphony of the Damned and The Carnal
God. John Rawson Speer is a new writer.
He was formerly an actor, but when the
Depression settled down over the country,
the ancient and honorable profession of
actor was hir a body blow. Mr. Speer then
enlisted in the United States Navy, where
he has just completed his first enlistment.
Another new writer is Thomas P. Kelley,
author of our current serial story, The Last
Pharaoh. As Tommy Kelley—“Pride of
Miami Beach”—he engaged in some eighty-
seven prize fights during the seasons of
,1927-1928-1929.

Death of H. P. Lovecraft

  Kenneth Sterling, of Cambridge. Massa-
chusetts, writes: "I am sure you must be
deeply grieved at the passing of Howard
Phillips Lovecrafc. A contributor to Weim>
Tales since its inception, he has always
been considered one of the leading writers
©f modern weird literature, and was, in my
opinion, the pre-eminent creative artist in
this field. His vivid, powerful style, unsur-
passed in producing and sustaining a. mood
of horror, is well known to you and your
readers. His decease leaves a gap which can
never be filled. But it is a far more severe
loss to those of us who had the infinite
pleasure of a personal acquaintance with the
inimitable ’Ech-Pi-El.’ His generosity and
magnanimity won the love the respect of all
who knew him. He possessed a supreme in-
tellect—one which I have never seen ex-
ceeded—and I have come in contact with
many prominent professors at Harvard Ufu-
vesstty. He had an incredible store of
tnowledge—he was versed in virtually trery
field of learning. In addition to tW
122

erudition, he had an acutely analytical mind
—his thinking was keenly logical and free
of all bias and closed-minded narrowness.
Contrary to what one would be led to expect
from his fiction, Lovecrafc was a confirmed
materialist and iconoclast, as expressed in
innumerable letters and articles. His con-
versation was transcendently brilliant, out-
shining even his excellent writings. He was
a man of great vigor and sincerity, and had
great influence on his circle of friends,
many of whom are noted authors in the
fantasy field and other types of fiction. I
think it would be most fitting if H. P.
Lovecrafc were remembered as a scholar and
thinker as well as an author. In closing, let
me urge you to reprint many of Lovecraft’s
fine stories and poems, and if possible, to
have his works published in permanent
book form.”

From Clark Aahton Smith

  Clark Ashton Smkh writes from Auburn,
California: 'T am profoundly saddened by
the news of H. P. Lovecraft's death after a
month of painful illness. The loss seems an
intolerable one, and I am sure that it will
be felt deeply and permanently by the whole
weird fiction public. Most of all will it be
felt by the myriad friends who knew Love-
craft through face-to-face meeting or cor-
respondence: for in his case the highest lit-
erary genius was allied to the most brilliant
and most endearing personal qualities. I—
alas?—never met him, but we had cor-
responded for about seventeen years, and
I felt that I knew him better than most
people with “whom I was thrown in daily
intimacy. The first manuscript of hts that
I read (probably in 1920) confirmed me in
the opinion of his genius from which 1 have
never swerved at any time. It Opened a new
world of awesome specukckxi and eery sur
.WEIRD TALES

123

mise, a new imaginative dimension. Since
then, he has written scores of masterpieces
that extend the borders of human fantasy
and conquer fresh empires amid the extra-
human and ultra-terrestrial infinities. Among
these, I might mention The Outsider, The
Call of Cthulhu, The Color Out of Space,
The Rats in the Walls, The Dunwich Hor-
ror, Rickman’s Model and The Dreams in
the W'itch-House as being special favorites.
However, there are few tales of his that I
have not read and re-read many times, al-
ways with that peculiar delight given by
the savor of some uniquely potent distilla-
tion of dreams and fantasy. Leng and Lo-
mar and witch-ridden Arkham and sea-
cursed Innsmouth are part of my mental
geography; and dreadful, cyclopean R'lyeh
slumbers somewhere in the depths. Others
will venture into the realms that the Silver
Key of his mastery has unlocked; but none
will read them with the same wizard surety,
or bring back for our delectation essences
of equal dread and beauty and horror.”

From Edmond Hamilton

 Edmond Hamilton writes from New
Castle, Pennsylvania: "I just heard die news
of H. P. Lovecraft’s reccnt death. This is
quite a shock, coming so soon after the death
of Howard. While I never met either of
them, I have been appearing with them in
Weird Tales for so long that I had a dim
feeling of acquaintance. I diink I read every
one of Lovecraft’s stories from Dagon, years
ago. It is too bad that he is gone—there
will never be another like him."

From Henry Kuttner

  Henry Kuttner writes from Beverly Hills,
California: ''I've been feeling extremely de-
pressed about Lovecraft’s death. Even now
I can't realize it. He was my literary idol
since the days of The Horror at Red Hook,
and lately a personal friend as well. The
loss to literature is a very great one, but the
loss to HPL's friends is greater. He seemed,
somehow, to have been an integral part of
my literary life—and the shock was more
severe because I had not known that his
illness was serious.”

From Earl Peirce, Jr.

  Earl Peirce, Jr., writes from Washington,
D. C.: "The news of Lovecraft’s passing, al-
though not the shock of surprize, is never-
theless the shock of an irreparable loss, not

HAVE A NEW SKIN!

Head Tttis

Free Offer	IN 3 DAYS

—and learn that what was considered impoaaiblo before—th»
removal oT pimples, blackheads, frscklos, tan, oily stein, largo
pores, wrinkles and other defects In the outer skin—can now b*
done harmlessly and economically at home In throe day*' time.
a» stated by legions of man and women, young and old.

  It is all erplalned In e. new free treatise called

     ••BEAUTIFUL NEW SKIN IN 3 DAYS"
wkloh Is being mailed absolutely fre® to readers of this magaElno.
So worry no more orer yoar humiliating aklo and complexion or
sUuw at aging If your outer skin lorft* soiled and worn. Simply
send yonr name and address to MAH VO BEAUTY IiAB-ORA-
TOKIE3, Dapt. 324-3. No. 1700 Broadway. New York. N.
and you will recetro tills new treatise by return mall in plain
wrapper, postpaid and absolutely free. If pleased, tell friends.

   The Cream ol
   Weird Fiction

  Q Weird Tales prints the best weird
  fiction in the world today. The high
  literary quality of its stories is evi-
  denced by the comparatively large
  number of stories from Weird Tales
  that have been reprinted or awarded
  honorable mention in annual best fic-
  tion andiologies. You are assured of
  reading the best when you read Weird
  Tales, The Unique Magazine.

guarontot at our fitsc AR1.R& GQ., H-a»

  A Ghostly Voice from the Ether!

  It was as if some phantom were whispering
  through the ether in the language of another
  planet. Read

 "THE MOON TERROR"

if in book form)

J'UICJi—50c

WEIRD TALES

IS THE OS1GINAL AND IJRAOINO
WEIRD .STORY MAGAZINE

 Subscribe to Weird Tales
124,

WEIRD TA'LZS

alone to WT, but to his admirers and ac-
quaintances the world over. I shall always
regret that I never had the good fortune of
meeting him personally, but I am truly
grateful for the impulse which prompted
me to write to him a few months ago, and
that I have two letters in his own hand.
What most impressed me were his sincerity
and genuineness, which qualities were not
alone in making him unique among modern
writers. You have my sympathy, for this
must be a hard time, but I imagine it is a
feeling of pride for you to know that so
many of his stories originally appeared in
Weird Tales. Unlike many other men of

rius, Lovecraft was fortunate enough to
living at a time when his work was
recognized as outstanding. With the passing
of time this recognition will become more
universal and his work will take its proper
place in the world's great literature.”

Concise Comments

  John Hartsfield, of New Bern, North Caro-
lina, writes: "How about some more stories
from Seabury Quinn? His are the 'busi-
ness.’ Incidentally, where does Mr. Quinn
live?” [You shall have more stories by Mr.
Quinn; another of his fascinating tales about
les de Grandin will appear in WT soon,
r. Quinn lives in Brooklyn.}

Miss Mary A. Conklin, of Cold water,
Michigan, writes: "Fine issue this month
(April). Virgil Finlay’s cover superb. Fine
handling of shadow's and colors. More,
please!”

  I. I. Mabbott, of New York City, writes:
**The Mannikin, by Robert Bloch, is the
most original thing in a long while; the un-
developed twin theme is new to me. Fes-
senden’s Worlds is good, but I’ve read a
similar story from the point of view of the
tiny people.”

  Samuel Gordon, of Washington, D. C.,
writes: "After meeting Earl Peirce person-
ally, I may be prejudiced in his favor, but
1 think his story, The Death Mask, is the
best in the April issue. Henry Kuttner’s lit-
tle story, We Are the Dead, certainly
clicked. If you know Arlington Cemetery,
you can appreciate Kuttner’s story. By the
way, I know why they died. It was to make
the world safe for democracy. Of course.”
Dorothy Reed, of Sacramento, California,
writes: "No modern magazine gives me so
«rach pleasure as Weird Tales. It may be a

stm i ot: ghoulish atavism in me, but I am
si ftcere h glad there are many others who
feel the same.”

  Min-«ne Ferguson, of Worcester, Mas-
sachusetts, writes: "The cover on January
dido r f ollow the story true enough, but you
sure nti.de up with the February cover, the
befit cover in years. I liked it much better
than naked, shrieking maids. It was truly
weird. Dig Me No Grave, Robert E. How-
ard's classic, was a thriller; I heaved not a
few udders, and you can bet I avoided
dark: pieces for a week.”

  Dorothy McCown, of Daytona Beach,
Florida, writes: "The Death Mask is one of
the best stories of its kind I’ve ever read.
Un«saa 1 itvle.”

  ’Robert: A. Madle, of Philadelphia, writes:
"Virgil Finlay’s second cover is even better
than His initial outside drawing. It would
pffo'Mr me immensely if you continue to
alternate with Margaret Brundage and Vir-
g-'.J Finlay on the covers. Whatever you do,
don'f lose either of them. They are the best
cover *rtt3ts I have ever seen, and their
drawings make WT appear much more at-
tractive than other magazines.”

  B. Bn r mil, of Seattle, writes: "I liked
Henr? Hose’s Guardian of the Book besr
of ill in the March WT—think the lad
should develop into a fine Weird Tales
writer. Ii: was excellent”

  Brace Bryan, of Washington, D. C.,
wiires: Lovecraft had a rare faculty for be-
g'ormin-g with something commonplace and
budding «p an overwhelming aura of hor-
ror rbar left his readers hanging onto the
ropes. In that sense, I can't think of anyone
who could surpass him. He had a knack of
delving into man’s subconscious, untrans-
lated ftscs—putting them into an appreci-
able Form, giving them appealing names
and personifying one’s own, inmosr, half-
comprehettded, even personal nightmares.”

  L. M. Nankivell, of Steelton, Pennsyl-
vania. rites: "Duor the Accursed recalls
seeftcj depicted by Roberc E. Howard. I
hope the author will continue. The dialogue
wtfs good. Henry Kenner's story was good
also. *.< idl of his tales always are.”

  John V. Baltadonis, of Philadelphia,
wme*: , T he new serial, The Lost Pharaoh,
s&tft.< oft' fine. I look forward eagerly to
tij^ «esr issue to continue this thrilling
ysro."

  R ?. BehiE. of Los Angeles, write*:
WEIRD

"Seemingly the author of Symphony of the
Damned delved into the ancient books of
black magic, etc. He was able to turn out
something equally as weird, yet with a de-
cidedly modern trend.”

Fingernail Gnawing

  Arthur L. Widner, Jr., of Waterbury, Ver-
mont, writes: “Although I’m not normally
a nervous person 1 have the well known but
bad habit of biting my fingernails. Ordi-
narily I am content to nibble a nail or two
a day, alternating on each hand every week;
but after reading the March issue of WT, I
looked like a male counterpart of the Venus
De Milo, excluding the handsome part of it.
The Guardian of the Book made me consume
ray entire left arm. A powerful tale. Henry
Hasse must fill his pen with that Good Gulf.
The Brood of Bubastis did very well on my
right forearm, and The Dark Star awoke my
cannibalistic instincts enough to finish up to
my shoulder. All the stories were good, with
Lovecraft and Quick getting honorable men-
tion.”

The Greatest Genius

  Harold S. Farnese, of Los Angeles, writes:
"Reading your magazine habitually, I some-
times wonder whether you ever realized how
great a contributor you had in H. P. Love-
craft. Whether you ever gaged the fineness
of his stories, the originality of his genius?
Of course, you published them, alongside of
others. You sent him his cheque, and that
was that. But has it ever occurred to you
that in Lovecraft you had the greatest
genius that ever lived in the realm of weird
fiction ?”

Surprize

  L.H.K.writes from Pasadena, California:
"Have read your magazine for a long time
and enjoy it very much—but for the sake
of an 'old reader’ can’t you please do some-
thing about always spelling surprise with a
2p,, £The Funk & Wagnalls Standard Dic-
tionary gives surprize as the preferred spell-
ing.—The Editor.]

The Scarab

  Julius Hopkins writes from Washington,
D. C.: ,rThe Neconomists, the Washington
Weird Tales Club, is going to publish the
first issue of its official or^an, The Scarab,
on May 15 and we are gcifig to give abso-

TALES	125

CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS

SMAIX ADS WORTH WATCHING

Agents Wauled

TOWN Representative*—We Finance You. Men, wo-
men, small towns. Full or spare time. Good income.
25c brings sample or write for free details. B. W.
Products, 20 Rosewood, Mattapan, Mass.

MEXICAN CURIOS: Feather pictures, blankets, pot-
tery. Free particulars. Samples 10c stamps. APAR-
TADO 1176, MEXICO CITY.

Authors* Service

MANUSCRIPTS WANTED. Books, Stories, Plays and
Articles for placement In U. S. and foreign countries.
Motion picture lights placed. Circular T-737 describ-
ing UNIFIED SALES PLAN free on request. OTIS
ADELBERT KLINE, Authors’ and Publishers’ Rep-
resentative, 430 W. 34th St.. New York City.

Books

THE MOON TEBROB—A stupendous weird-scientific
novel of Oriental intrigue to gain control of the world!
Cloth-bound with handsome colored jacket—00 cents
postpaid. WEIRD TALES, 840 N. Michigan Ave„
Chicago.

Business Opportunities

"KEY to Business Opportunities’' FREE. Write
GoodaJl, 742 Market, San Frar.etsco.

Dreams Interpreted

DREAMS EXPLAINED. Write yours complete one
side of paper, enclosing 25 cents to: INTERPRETER
OF DREAMS, P. O. Box 322, Flushing, New York.

Female Help Wanted

ADDRESS postcards for us; everything supplied. We
pay weekly. Stamp brings details. MAYS COSMET-
ICS, University Station (AB), Tucson, Arizona.

Indian Itelics

INDIAN RELICS. Bendwork. Coins. Stamps. Min-
erals. Books. Old West Photos. Weapons. Curios.
Temple Mound Blrdpoint 35c. Knife, ancient, 10c.
Catalogue 5c. Indian Museum, Northbranch, Kansas.'

Miscellaneous

WHO IS THE MYSTERIOUS «KWO"f The solution
to this baffling mystery is thrjlilngly told in one of .the
most startling stories ever written — THE MOON
TERROR, in book torm. Price 5«c. WEIRD TALES.
840 North Michigan. Chicago, Illinois.

OCCULT Mystic racing winner indicator. Amazing re-
sults. Post 2 dollars. A. Collins, L. L. C.-F. T. S.,
11 Wesi bourne Terrace Road, London W. 2, England.
HYPNOTIC course—practical — 2 dollars — same ad-
dress.

POCKET GOODS—Adults write for descriptive circu-
lars. Frank Shilling, 1017-T Dueber, Canton, Ohio.

Old Coins Wanted

CERTAIN COPPER CENTS Are Worth np to 91,000*00;
Indian Head Pennies, $10.00; Half Dimas, 925.00;
Dimes, 5200.00. Many others wanted. Send for latest
Price List, 30c (coin). CHICO COIN SHOP. Box 22-G,
Chicopee, Massachusetts.

Old Magazine*

WANTED—Back copies "Weirfl Tale*''; also “Screen
Romances” ttrci other movie story magazines, i. Robins,
243 Lincoln Ave,, Elizabeth, New Jersey.
126	WEIRD TALES

lutely free copies to die first one thousand
readers of Weird Tales who write and ask
for them. Our magazine will be a printed
affair with twenty-four pages including a
cover with a real weird illustration. All re-
quests for these free copies must be mailed
to 4522 15th St., N. W., Washington, D. C.”

The Little Eaglets

  Gertrude Hemken, of Chicago, writes:
"Shux now—I just been a-wonderin’ if you
couldn’t be the eagle and we readers all the
funny li’l eaglets—this department being the
Eyrie. This sudden brain wave just occur-
red to me. . . . Duar the Accursed—Do I
detect a slight resemblance to Conan the
Barbarian? Mr. Ball is agonna be a pal of
mine if he keeps up that type of tale. Aw
gorsh—I was figgerin' on the Monster being
real and not a nit-wit butcher in The Mark
of the Monster. It was exciting up to the
unmasking of the Devil-spawned twin
brother. , . . (Personal to Editor:—Why
don’t authors use ordinary names for a
change—I’m tired of reading odd names
and suddenly realizing I’ve been reading
them wrong. In diis issue I find Valyne,
Leocadie, Lavinia—ugh! I don't mind odd
names when used in odd tales of old for-
gotten ages—or of lives on spheres beyond
our ken. Course, I’m not expecting anyone
to do anything about it, but I like to get it
off my chest.) I have not been disappointed
in Hazel Heald’s story of The Horror in the
Burying-Ground. The lady knows how to
keep one’s interest brimming. Her method
of relating the circumstances as told by the
general store council has a touch of humor.
Any hard-fisted citizen would condemn them
for a bunch of crackpots. As for me'—I’d
listen, git werry uncomfy and w'hen the tale
is done, run like heck for home. . . . How
strange—how utterly stupefying this Val-
lisneria Madness! It was beautiful—one of
those times when words fail me again. I
only can say, 'Thank you, Mr. Farley.’ ”

The Strange High House

  H, W. Morlan, of Fort Knox, Tennessee,
writes: "Those two comment-provokers, The
Last Archer and Guardian of the Book, are
indeed different. To me, they are a wel-
come reversion to the type of story seen in
earlier years. The weird modi is stressed
and carried out to a thought-provoking cli-

max. Common adventure stories have no
place in our magazine. I join Mr. Bloch in
calling for more reprints by H. P. Lovecraft.
Those stories are jeweled bits of artistry and
I would particularly like to request The
Strange High House in the Mist. My files
fail to show the copy containing the origi-
nal.”

The Past Six Months

Charles H. Bert, of Philadelphia, writes:

"I would like to speak of the stories that
impressed me most favorably during the last
six months, and a few things in general. I I
was indeed surprized to find in the May I
Weird Tales that The Dark Star by G. G. I
Pendarves didn't receive first place in the 1
March number. It was a remarkable yarn. I
The translation of the hero into the picture, I
and his struggles with the evil entity and his I
subsequent escape, w'as really weird and I
shivery. This is the kind of story I always I
look for, something new and different! I
Equally as good but in another way, was I
The Last Archer, by Earl Peirce, Jr. Nothing I
new about a curse haunting the descendants I
of a family for generations and killing diem I
off; your authors have used plots like this I
many times. But The Last Archer was a I
story in which the curse harmed no one but I
the one whom it was pronounced against; I
and it hounded Farquhar through the cen- I
furies in his search of 'the greatest archer,’ I
until he finally killed himself on an island! I
The curse did not kill anyone except Far- I
uhar, and that was a unique ending for a I
ne tale. . . . Symphony of the Damned by I
John Speer is a yarn I will long remember. 1
It is worthy to stand in the company of V
Satan’s Fiddle, published a decade ago. V
Speer's story was Faustian in character, a I
man sells his soul to the devil for power and I
fame. The best story in recent months was I
The Globe of Memories by Seabury Quinn. I
Lady Fulvia was so real and likable a char- I
acter, that owe cannot help sympathizing and I
loving her, and pitying die fate that over- I
took her. Quinn’s story was one of the best
reincarnation stories I have ever read in your I
fine magazine. I am certainly glad that The I
Globe of Memories did not end .in tragedy I
as most of your' stories do. When I first I
read the yarn, so powerfully was I a/fectd |
by it, that within a few days I read it again! |
That story is not easily forgotten. . , , An- K
other story I enjoyed was The Poppy Pearl M
WEIRD TALES

127

by Frank Owen. It was a refreshing relief
compared with your heavy horror tales. I
am unable to understand why some of your
readers did not Jike it. Please give us more
of this type. Howard’s stories possess a
virility your other authors couldn’t duplicate,
and I was especially pleased with Dig Me
No Grave and Black Hound of Death.
Those tales were strong in horror, and I
am unable to decide which is the best. His
best character creation was Solomon Kane,
in my opinion.”

Bouquets and Brickbats

  Arthur E. Walker, of Colorado Springs,
writes: "As a constant reader of your maga-
zine for a good many years, I want to regis-
ter a few compliments and kicks. I realize,
of course, that you cannot have each story a
top-notch er every month. However, Weird
Tales is the best magazine I have found
and it improves through the years. Tbe Last
Archer and Shambleau are two of the best
tales I ever read. Howard’s staff read like a

Sassage from the Arabian Nights and I, too,
iment his passing. A bit of love interest
adds to your stories. I like Doctor Satan
and also Lovecraft’s stories. Seabury Quinn
rates much higher when he drops the silly
de Grandin stuff. Like one of your contribu-
tors, I have had enough of the forbidden
books, the discussion of which takes up
about half of the story. I am also getting
fed up with the *old ones’ who are contin-
ually wriggling into the third dimension
through forbidden nooks and crannies.
Some of your yarns are too complex; they
sound more like half-baked lectures on
higher mathematics than ghost stories. I
lose interest in the story, trying to figure out
the significance of triangles* trapezoids and
pentagons. . . . Your best story riiis month
is Duar the Accursed”

Symphony of the Damned

  Harry C. Williamson, of Los Angeles,
writes: "I have just finished reading
Symphony of the Damned\ by John R.
Speer, and just wanted to drop you a line
telling you how very much I enjoyed it. The
plot is very good and the ant nor pictures
his characters so vividly that the readers can
almost live the story as they read alon£.
There is just enough blood and thunder in
it to make it good reading and in no way
jrevolfiug. I only hope we shall soen have

NEXT MONTH

THE ABYSS UNDER
THE WORLD

By ]. Paul Suter

Under the supposedly solid surface
of a great American city lay an im-
mense cavern, larger even than the
bustling city above it. An incredible
underground city it was, and the ad-
ventures of the men that dropped into
it were exciting, dangerous and glam-
orous.

You cannot afford to miss this fas-
cinating tale of the city of the
golden chariots, vast temples, and
cruel people. This story will begin

in the August issue of

WEIRD TALES

on sals July 1st

To avoid missing your cop% clip and mail this
coupon today for SPECIAL SUBSCRIPTION
OFFER.<You Save *5c) Bl^

WEIRD TATJES
840 N. MlcW«*m Ave.'

CU!casro, 1X1., C. 8. A.

Enclosed find St.00. for which send rrw the neat
live issues of WEIRD TALES, to begin with the
August issue. <Special offer wnd unless remittance
is accompanied by coupon.)

Neme...............................

Address...........................

City.......................... Staf.
128

WEIRD TALES

the good fortune to read another such story
by die same author, as he has made such a
splendid start and it would be a shame not
to have some more from his soon famous
pen.”

Conan Hie Favorite Character

  A. H. McDonald, of Little Rock, Arkan-
sas, writes: "I have been a constant reader
of WT for eleven years and it has afforded
me many hours of enjoyment. It was with
deepest regret that I read of the death of
Robert E. Howard. It is a sad thought to
know that I can never again follow Conan
through his strange lands. Conan was my
favorite character.”

Praise Across the Sea

  Leslie Stille, of Harrow-on-the-Hili, Eng-
land, writes: "I don’t know how often it is
that you receive praise across the Atlantic,
but I feel that WT deserves a great deal. I
saw a copy of the magazine one day for the
first time on sale at a news agent’s and the
cover attracted me immediately (can you
wonder?) . Since then I have called at every
news agent I could for further copies. I in-
troduced them to my friends, too. How your
spine-chilling stories compare with the
feeble, lukewarm, insipid apologies that are
50 often published! The stories in WT are
something altogedier new in the fiction I

have read—something for which I have
longed — utterly gripping and fantastic,
breath-taking in their weirdness. But please
don’t adulterate and dilute it with pseudo-
scientific stories and thinly-disguised detec-
tive yarns. There are other magazines for
those who like such stuff. Let WT be some-
thing unique and striking. Avoid the com-
monplace and banal.’’

Paging Moore and Smith

  T. Gelbut, of Niagara Falls, New York,
writes: "Just a few lines to let you know
that WT keeps satisfying my prodigious ap-
petite for the weird, grotesque and sorcerous
in literature. I do miss C. L. Moore’s North-
west Smith stories (incidentally the only
writer of interplanetary fiction that I enjoy
reading). C. A. Smith is also infrequently
found in WT, and I sadly look in vain for
his tales of sorcery and necromancy for
which he is so justly famous.”

Your Favorite Story

  Readers, what stories do you like best in
this issue? Write us a letter, or fill out the
coupon on this page, and mail it to the
Eyrie, Weird Tales. Your favorite story
in the May Weird Tales, as shown by your
votes and letters, was Duar the Accursed, by
Clifford Ball. This was pressed for first
•honors by The Salem Horror, by Henry
Kuttner.

MY FAVORITE STORIES IN THE JULY WEIRD TALES ARE:

    Story	Remarks

(1	)--------------------------- ---------------------------

(2	)--------------------------- ---------------------------
(3)--------------------------- ---------------------------

I	da act like the following stories:

(1	)___________________________ Why?______________________

(2	)--------------------------- ---------------------------

               i — — — — — — -
                   Reader's name aad address:

                                                                I

Fill oat this coupon and mail it to The j	’

Eyrie, Weird Tales, 840 N. Michigan Avc.. |---------------------------------------

Chicago. 111.	j_______________________________________

W. T. —8
COMING NEXT MONTH

 SANDF.RSON’S big brown hands fumbled as he tugged and strained at the flooring.
 He felt suddenly hot and weak. There was a flurry in his brain. Still on his knees,
 he gathered up his tools.

    He rattled and banged things about, trying to shut out other sounds . . . sounds on
 the stairs. . . .

     The breath seemed to stop in his big body.

    Creak. Creak. Creak.

     It was someone cautiously stealing downstairs.

 Crack!

 He knew that sound. It was the broken step, third from the bottom. He tried to call
 out. It must be that damned oaf, Walter! The fool must have gone to sleep up there.

 His hunted eyes sought the window. Power to move, to jump for it, had left him. He
 knelt there, powerful shoulders hunched, hands on the floor for support, crouched like a
 big frightened animal. He fought to prevent himself looking over his shoulder at the door
 behind him. He knew it was opening. He heard stealthy fingers on the old loose knob. He
 heard the harsh scrape of wood on wood as the sagging door was pushed back.

 Ice-cold wind blew in, rustled bits of paper and shavings on the floor.

 Sanderson’s head jerked back to look. The door stood widely open. His eyes, filmed
 with terror, focussed achingly on the gap between door and wall. Darkness moved there.
 A Thing of Darkness. On the threshold it bulked in shapeless moving menace. Darkness
 made visible . . . blotting out everything . . . blotting out life itself. . . .

 You will not want to miss this compelling novelette, which will hold your fascinated in-
 terest to the last word. It is the story of a Thing—a Thing of horror and darkness—a de-
 stroying ravening Thing that brought death to Troon House. It will be printed complete in
 next month’s Weird Tales:

 THING OF DARKNESS

By G. G. Pendarves

-Also-

WORLD OF THE DARK DWELLERS

By Edmond Hamilton

A thrilling weird-scientific tale of a distant world
and the dreadful creatures that tyrannized over its
human subjects—a story of the heroic Brother-
hood of the Redeemer.

THE WILL OF THE DEAD

By Lorf.tta Burkough

The story of a hate that was strong enough to
strike back from the grave—an unusual weird
tale of a mother’s malign resentment of her son's
wife.

THE MANDARIN’S EAR

By Frank Owen

An odd and curious story about a Chinese man-
darin who had the ear of a thief grafted in place
of the ear he had lost.

THE ABYSS UNDER THE WORLD

By J. Paul Suter

An amazing tale about three men who were pre-
cipitated into a series of adventures as astounding
as any that ever befell mortal men.

August Issue WEIRD TALES .... Out luly 1
Special Bargain Offer

YOURS

While They Last
At Reduced Price
Only Fifty Cents

A

                  Beautifully
bound in ric h blue
cloth with attractive orange-
colored cover jacket.

The moon terror, by a. g.

Birch, is a stupendous weird-scientific
novel of Oriental intrigue to gain control
of the world.

ALSO—OTHER STORIES

  In addition to the full-length novel, this
book also contains three shorter stories by
well-known authors of thrilling weird-
scientific fiction:

  OOZE, by Anthony M. Rud, tells of a
biologist who removed the growth limita-
tions from an amoeba, and the amazing
catastrophe that ensued.

  PENELOPE, by Vincent Starrett, is a
fascinating tale of the star Penelope, and
the fantastic thing that happened when the
star was in perihelion.

AN ADVENTURE IN THE FOURTH

DIMENSION, by Farnsworth Wright, is
an uproarious skit on the four-dimensional
theories of the mathematicians, and inter-
planetary stories in general.

LIMITED SUPPLY

Make sure of getting your copy now before the
close-out supply is exhausted. Send your order
today for this book ac the special bargain price
of only 50c.

   Note: This book for sale from the publishers
only. It cannot be purchased in any book store.

("weird TALES, Book Dept.

| 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, III., I'. S. A.

   Enclosed find 50c for cloth-bound copy of THE
| MOON TERROR as per your special offer.

^ Name...........................................

I

| Address.........................................

| City........................... State............