
Take me away

from him!”

‘“Lock me up so I cannot escape—beat
me if you like—and I will tell you all I
know. But while HE is my master I will not
betray HIM!”

  Terrified, trembling, she crouched there—
 an exotic vision from the Orient—pleading with the
 stern-faced detective to save her from the fiend she
 called “Master!”

   Who was this girl—whose rare loveliness stood out
 60 richly against its sotting of murder and deviltry?

   Who was this Y ellow Monster who plucked men
 from life and left no clue behind?

   What were the strange bonds that made
 her his slave?

 If you would join London’s great-
 est detectives in unwinding this and
 many other equally baffling Ori-
 ental Mysteries — if you would
 match your wits against the
 most diabolical Oriental cun-
 ning ever conceived—then
 by all means send at once
 for Your Free Exam-
 ination Set of

 If you would, enjoy exciting and unbeliev-
 able adventures asyou plunge from, the brightworld
 of the West into the dubious underworld of the East—send
 for your free examination set while this offer is still open!

Masterpieces of Oriental Mystery

11 Volumes of Matchless Thrills by SAX ROHMER

 XT O ORDINARY mystery stories are these, but
 J_N the hidden secrets, my

__ .	, mysteries and intrigues

 of the Orient itself!

 Before your very eyes spreads a swiftly moving pano-
 rama that takes you breathless from the high places
 of society—from homes of refinement and luxury to
 sinister underworlds of London and the Far East—from
 Piccadilly and Broadway to incredible scenes behind
 idol temples in far off China—through the jungles of

 SMalay along strange paths to the very seat of
    Hindu sorcery.

 Here you meet the mysterious and mighty Dr.
 ^ Fu Manchu; the crafty Sin-Sin-Wa, with his
 one-eyed raven;or Kazmah.thedreamreader;

 I , ^ and scores of other amazing and pictur-
    1esque personalities.

9-32	Be the first in your community to own

    McKInlav a these, the most wonderful Oriental
    stone’jfe, Mystery stories ever published—
    Mackenzie!^ books thathave sold by the hun-
    114 E. 16th St.N.Y^ x dred thousand at much higher
    Send me for free tdfQ. prices— books you will enjoy

 I
 I
 I
 I
 I

  Otherwise, I will return the set In 10

  I days at your expense, the examination
  cost me nothing.

 I
 I

 Handsomely bound in substantial cloth covers, a proud
 adornment for your table or shelf.

    THE GREATEST MINDS OF OUR TIME
    REVEL IN GOOD MYSTERY STORIES

 These are the sort of stories that famous statesmen,
 financiers and other great men read to help them relax
 —to forget their burdens. To read these absorbing tales
 of the mysterious East is to cast your worries into
 oblivion—to increase your efficiency.

PRICED FOR QUICK SALE

 Cutting royalties to the bone and printing these vol-
 umes by the hundred thousand when paper was cheap
 make this low price possible. But the number is lim-
 ited; so mail your coupon to-day!

COMPLETE SETS FREE ON APPROVAL

 You needn't send a cent. Simply mail the coupon and
 this amazing set will go to you immediately, all charges
 prepaid. Ifitfails to delight you, return it in ten days
 at our expense, and you owe us nothing.

 animation, charge.

      • ■ your set orf^

________ _______ if^o

 after 10 days, t am delight- O
 ed, I will send $1.00 prompt- ,
 ly and $1.00 a month* for only vp
 14 months; when you receive my %
 first payment you are to send me *
 the Gurkha Kukri without extra cost.
 Otherwise, I will return the set in 10

 Name

 Street..

o.

  PREMIUM -YOURS UrJ5E*!

 This famous Gurkha Kukri of solid brass, 6%" long, is an

exact replica of that used by the Hindu soldiers in the World
War and so graphically described by Kipling in his stirring story
The Drums of the Fore and Aft." Exquisitely wrought on botn

8id«s in an ancient symbolical design. A rare curio to have and

useful as a letter-opener, a paper-weight or a protection on

                                     occasion. A limited quan-
                                     tity on hand will be given
                                     without added cost as a
                                     premium for promptness
                                     —but you must act today!

City................

Occupation.......

 LAge: Over 21?....

r m m m

..State..

„ Under 21

 FOR CASH DEDUCT 5%i

 McKinlay, Stone & Mackenzie nT£*y^*.1n.w Vo*:
     More marvelous than the power of the Magician's Wand, is the power that
can be developed in the newly discovered cosmic areas of your own mind.

     You can turn your mental pictures into living, vibrating waves of power
that will reach other minds or attract to your consciousness the creative Taws of
nature which bring your mental images and desires into material realization.

A FREE Book for YOU

     The Roaicrucians throughout the world for centuries have been the Master Minds toi
developing self-efficiency and self-domination over the obstacles of life. Their secret knowledge
and strange methods have made them admired successes everywhere. You may bring about
HEALTH, HAPPINESS and a fulfillment of your desires.

      They are pledged to help others—just as you will gladly share your knowledge and suc-
cessful experiences with others. They have prepared a book—new, fascinating, instructive, and
practical—which tells about their helpfulness. It is called “The Wisdom of the Sages”—It
tella how you may receive the secret teachings of the Rosicrucians to study in the privacy
of your own home. The coupon below will bring it to you without obligation.

REMEMBER—There are thou-
sands of men and women throughout the
world who had a new LIFE opened to
them through the Rosicrucians Teachings.

SCRIBE J. A. T.
ROSICRUCIAN BROTHERHOOD

(AMORC)

SAN JOSE,

CALIFORNIA

    357. T.—1

HERE IS THE WAY

FREE BOOK COUPON

Scribe 3. A. T.

Rosicrucian Brotherhood (Amorc),

San Jose, California

Please send me, without obligation, a copy of "The
Wisdom of the Sages." I am really sincere and not
merely curious.

Name.

Addreu.

289
             Published monthly by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 E. Washington Street.
       Indianapolis, Ind. Entered as second-class matter March 20,1923, at the post office at Indianapolis,
       Ind., under the act of March 3, 1879. Single copies, 25 cents. Subscription, $2.50 a year in the
       United States, $4.00 u year in Canada. English office: Charles Lavell, 13, Serjeant’s Inn, Fleet
       Street, E. C. 4 London. The publishers are not responsible for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts,
       although every care will be taken of such material while in their possession. The contents of this
       magazine are fully protected by copyright and must not be reproduced either wholly or in part
       without permission from the publishers.

             NOT’a —All manuscripts and communications should be addressed to the publishers’ Chicago
       office at 840 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, 111.

                                              FARNSWORTH WRIGHT, Editor.

Copyright 1932, by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company.

Contents for September, 1932

Cover Design___________________________________M. Brundage

            Illustrating a scene in "The Altar of Melek Taos"

The Altar of Melek Taos_________________G. G. Pendarves 292

            A vivid narrative of the devil-worshipping Yezidees, and a beautiful English-
            woman stolen to be the bride of fire

The Ravening Monster______________________Harold Ward 316

           A shuddery story about an electrocuted murderer who was raised from the
           dead and revivified

The Sheraton Mirror___________________August W. Derleth 330

            The story of a strange and unearthly revenge accomplished from beyond the
            grave

[CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE]

 290

COPYBIQHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN
[continued from preceding page]

An Open Window_____________________Robert W. Howard 337

      Verse

The Empire of the Necromancers--------Clark Ashton Smith 338

      An endless army of plague-eaten bodies, of tattered skeletons, poured in
      ghastly torrents through the city streets

Deserted Manor___________________________Marion Doyle 344

      Verse

The Last of Placide’s Wife----------------Kirk Mashburn 345

      A thritt-tale of a fierce fight in a Louisiana swamp between a maddened
      group of Cajuns and a. horde of vampires

The Eye of Truth---------------------------Arlton Eadie 360

      A fascinating novelette about a Greek who found strange powers in the ruins
      of an old temple

The Phantom Hand (part 3)__________Victor Rousseau 390

      An astounding five-part novel of Black Magic, eery murders, and the king-
      dom of shadows	<

Over Time’s Threshold__________________Howard Wandrei 495

      A weird story of the fourth dimension—a tale of speeding years and an eery
      experiment in Professor Capal’s laboratory

When Chaugnar Wakes---------Frank Belknap Long, Jr. 410

      Verse

The Death Mist_________Captain George H. Daugherty, Jr. 411

      An eery* story of the Great Wat and a gallant officer who thought he was
      recreant to hrs trust

Weird Story Reprint :

  Frankenstein (part 4)________Mary WoRstonecraft Shelley 414

      A famous novel that for more than a century has been acclaimed a master-
      piece of weird horror

The Eyrie___________________________________ 426

      A that with the readers

Fv Advertising Bates in WEIRD TALES Apply Direct to

                    WEIRD TALES

Wostem Advertising Office: Central Advertising Office; Eastern Advertising Office:

NORMAN C. NOVRSE HARLEY L. WARD, INC.	D. P. BIKER, Mgr.

103X & Broadway 34SO N. Michigan Ave.	363 Fourth Are.

Los Angeles, Calif. Chicago, Bi.	New York, N. I.

                            Phone, Central 6269	Phone, Gwunercy 5380
Vhe A

  ^/Lltar of Melek Taos

By G. G. PBNDARVES

 A thrilling tale of devil-worship, of the Yezidees, and a beautiful woman
 who was to be sacrificed on the altar

1.	A Dinner in Bagdad

SIR HUGH WILLETT caught sight
of his wife’s gcld-crowned head
at the far end of the table, and
his lips twitched in a smile as he noted
the rapt expression of the gray eyes under
their unexpectedly dark brows and lashes.
Evidently she was carrying out his in-
structions to "keep Prince Dena amused”
with whole-hearted zeal. The constant
steady flame of his adoration for Evadne
—so young, and lovely, and gifted—
gave a sudden leap in his breast. She
was adorable.

  "I’ve never seen Evadne look better,
Hugh.”

  The voice of the Honorable Mrs. Rich-
ard Gaunt echoed his own thoughts, and
he turned to the well-known writer and
autocrat of London society with an almost
fatuous beam.

  "This climate suits her, suits us both,
in fact.”

  "D’you let her run round with her
paint-box here in Bagdad, as she did in
Cairo? It’s not very safe!”

  "Do I let her!” Sir Hugh’s face was a
study in mock despair. "My dear Mil-
dred, you know Evadne pretty well. Why
revert to the obsolete and empty mockery
of a husband’s authority in connection
with Evadne?”

  "You’re right,” laughed his dinner
partner. "But, really, I must acknowl-
edge she can be trusted. I’ve never met
a girl with her head screwed on more
firmly. The only danger is that it is such
an exceptionally charming head. Just
292

look at the minx now, beguiling that poor
man out of his senses. Who exactly is
this Prince? I didn’t get his name.”
"Prince Dena ibn Zodh! That is his
usual title. The whole thing is Ca’id
Dena al Ilbrahim ibn Azzad ibn Kadr el
Amastan ibn Zodh!”

  Mrs. Gaunt patted his arm soothingly.
"There, there! I didn’t mean to upset
you like that, Hughie dear. This is not
the time or place for blank verse, you
know. What have you been drinking?”
"Fact!” replied Sir Hugh. "I wrote it
down, and learned it while I was having
my bath before dinner.”

  "It’s a marvel you weren’t drowned.
But tell me seriously, Hugh, what does
the creature do, besides looking so ex-
cessively haughty, and mysterious, and
utterly fascinating? I feel like an ingenue
at her first party whenever I look at him.”
"I’ll tell you later,” he answered has-
tily. "My left-hand neighbor seems to be
getting restive. She’s been a victim to
old Doctor Hamdi long enough to know
that adventure of his in Damascus off by
heart. I must rescue her.”

  The Honorable Mrs. Gaunt nibbled a
few salted almonds thoughtfully, before
turning to Sir Hugh’s secretary, Hadur.
He was an Arab of excellent birth and
most scholarly attainments, having been
educated at the famous medersa at Kair-
wan. As a young man he had been kid-
napped by Touareggs in the Sahara Des-
ert, sold to slave-traders, shipped to Mec-
ca, and been bought in the slave-market
there by Sir Hugh Willett, who recog-
THE ALTAR OF MELEK TAOS

293

nized his birth and breeding. Passionate-
ly grateful, Hadur had refused to return
to his Algerian home, and had attached
himself to Sir Hugh as his secretary.

  A great friendship had sprung up be-
tween the two, which Sir Hugh’s recent
marriage had not altered. Hadur had
merely extended the cloak of his grave
protection and friendship to include the
wife as well as the husband. The twenty-
five years that lay between her and him-
self (for Hadur was some ten years older
than Sir Hugh) made this easy, and
Evadne accepted the former’s unfailing
loyalty as a matter of course. She did not
dream of the quite unplatonic devotion
that lay beneath the Arab’s solemn cour-
tesy, nor did he desire that she ever should

know of it. Hadur was a profound phil-
osopher; his dreams were one thing, his
actual life another. He saw to it that they
never impinged on one another.

“T am going to ask you what I’ve been
A asking Sir Hugh.” Mrs. Gaunt
turned to Hadur at last with an abstracted
air. "Who and what is this Prince?”
Hadur presented a sphinx-like face to
her questioning gaze.

  "I regret, Madam, I can tell you noth-
ing.”

  "Can’t, or won’t?”

   "He is here for the first time as guest,”
Hadur countered smoothly. "Sir Hugh
met him last week, while superintending
the excavation of the Daarb Temple.”
294

WEIRD TALES

  "Yes?”

  "But, that is all, Madam!”

  "Nonsense, Hadur.” The downright
lady was not to be so easily turned aside.
"You can’t bear the man, and you’ve been
looking like the wrath of Allah ever since
the soup. Do please explain.”

  "I wish I could.” Hadur abandoned
his tone of light pretense. "I can only
say that there is evil in that man beyond
comprehension. I see the Sitt Evadne by
his side, as if she slept within the coils
of a rock python. He is entirely devil-
ish.”

  His companion looked impressed; she
was an intimate friend of the house, and
trusted Hadur completely.

  "What are you going to do?” she de-
manded, always eminently practical.

  Hadur’s eyes, under the folds of his
ruby-silk turban, lost a little of their mel-
ancholy at her manner.

  "The Prince is the guest of Sir Hugh,”
he reminded her.

  "Guest! Sir Hugh!” Mrs. Gaunt’s
snorts of disdain were fortunately
drowned by the lively chatter around
them. "You know perfectly well that he
would make friends with a Bengal tiger
if the beast knew anything about the As-
syrian empire! I suppose that is the bond
that brought them together?”

  "The Prince is surprizingly well in-
formed,” conceded Hadur.

  "Oh, we were just discussing the fall
of Babylon,” she told Sir Hugh, as the
latter relinquished his other neighbor to
Doctor Hamdi once more.

  "What?” Her host’s deep chuckling
laugh brought all eyes upon him. "What
do you suppose old Hadur and Mildred
were talking about?” he asked.

  A roar of laughter greeted his reply,
and Mrs. Gaunt defended herself ably
from the volley of satire that followed.

  "Are you getting foundations for your

next novel?” one lady demanded. "Baby-
lon will be a nice little change from mod-
ern London, dear.”

  "Very little change, in reality,” retort-
ed the novelist. "Mere superficialities of
food and clothing. The morals and man-
ners of the two cities seem singularly
alike. What do you say, Prince Dena?”

  She appealed across the table as the
latter’s darkly brilliant face turned in her
direction.

  "I must confess that my visits to Lon-
don have not suggested an analogy,” he
replied in a deferential manner, "prob-
ably because I’ve not had your unique
opportunities of studying it. Babylon
was different from every other city the
world has known, because it drew its
power direct from the supreme Source of
power.”

  A puzzled silence greeted this remark.
Mrs. Gaunt stole a glance at Hadur’s
stern, set face, and experienced a quiver
of apprehension, reflecting on the violent
and sudden nature of Oriental reactions.

  "You are going too deep for some of
us,” Sir Hugh voiced the general opin-
ion. "The philosophy and mysticism of
the East are rather too subtle for me, I
confess.”

  Prince Dena ibn Zodh smiled faintly
and turned his dark face, with its chis-
elled features and inscrutable eyes, toward
his hostess.

  *'I perceive that you, as a mystic, are
not out of your depth.”

  Evadne flushed. The poetry she wrote
was very much of the mystic order, but
she hated talking about it, never pub-
lished it, and was startled by the Prince’s
divination of her abiding interest.

  “You refer to the perverted use to
which the Magi of the Assyrian empire
put their gifts!” Hadur gravely inter-
posed, successfully distracting interest
from Lady Willett’s slight confusion.
THE ALTAR OF MELEK TAOS

295

  "Perverted use!” The Prince’s level
gaze clashed with Hadur’s intent look.

  "Surely!” asserted the latter, in the
flat gentle voice that heralded his rare an-
ger. "Since these same Magi forgot, or
ignored, the mysterious laws of equilib-
rium which subjugated the universe to
their control. Forsaking the law, they
played with magic for the delight of king
and courtiers, intoxicating them with
every sensual joy. They forsook Ormuzd
for Ahriman, and brought the Assyrians
to the dust.”

"So!” Prince Dena paused, a dark
flame in his eyes. "You recollect, how-
ever, that from ashes sprang the Phenix!”
"And from the dust of Babylon

sprang-?” Hadur also paused.

  The guests sat in tense silence, as if
aware that some tremendous question had
been asked. The atmosphere was electric
with the antagonism between the two
men.

  "From the dust of Babylon sprang the
Angel Peacock—Melek Taos!”

   The Prince raised his hand as he spoke.
The candles—burning steadily in their
crystal holders down the long table—
flared up into high tendrils of flame. The
hanging lamps overhead and in the wall-
niches blazed with a sudden blue-white
radiance. A golden flower-scented mist
filled the spacious room; the sound of a
reed-pipe, thin and piercingly sweet,
drew the listeners’ souls from their bodies.
There was a perfume of musk and am-
bergris and roses, the gleam of night-
dark eyes, of polished limbs and half-
veiled bosoms.

  And in Prince Dena’s place a young
monarch sat, ablaze with jewels and rain-
bow-tinted silks, who waved a languid
hand to tall veiled figures that hovered
behind his throne. Even as he waved,
the radiant mist dispelled, the candles
and lamps burned slow and steadily

again, and the bewildered company sat
staring foolishly at one another’s familiar

faces.

  "Who—who are you?” Evadne’s slen-
der hand was at her throat, as she turned
to Prince Dena. Then, with an uncertain
little laugh, she snatched at the conven-
tions.

  "Why, you perfectly marvelous man!
That’s the most wonderful illusion I’ve
ever seen out here! You’re a real sorcerer,
I believe.”

  "The devil he is!” muttered old Doctor
Hamdi, annoyed at being so completely
tricked. "I beg your pardon, Mrs. Fair-
leigh,” he apologized. "But, did you see
it all, too, those delightful . . . er-r-r . . .
houris?”

  "I certainly did,” answered the scan-
dalized Mrs. Fairleigh. "You might have
warned us we were to be treated to con-
juring, Sir Hugh! I strongly disapprove
of this sort of thing. It’s quite against
my principles to allow myself to be hyp-
notized.”

  "Don’t blame our host,” the Prince’s
amused voice cut in. "It was entirely un-
premeditated. Merely an answer to our
learned friend here.” And he nodded to
Hadur.

  The secretary did not reply. He had
begun to peel a mandarin orange, and his
eyes were on his plate.

  "Certainly more spectacular than the
Indian rope trick,” pronounced the Hon-
orable Mrs. Gaunt, endeavoring to re-
capture her skepticism. "I suppose you
wouldn’t condescend to explain the mys-
tery, Prince?”

  "Not a question of condescension,
Madam,” he assured her. "It was based
on rules whose existence you Westerners
deny. The results of magic are obvious
to your senses, but the history and deriva-
tion of magic you would class with heath-
en mythology and folk-lore."
296

WEIRD TALES

  The touch of fear on Lady Willett’s
face, the bewildered look in her eyes,
gave her loveliness a lost unearthly air
that made Sir Hugh long to rush to her
side. Mrs. Gaunt, seeing her dazed con-
dition, did not wait for a signal to rise,
but got to her feet, commanded the rest
of the women with an imperious gesture,
and put her arm through that of her
hostess, as they went from the room.

  "Dear child, you’ve got fever! Better
take some quinine at once.”

  “No, Millicent, not fever.” Evadne’s
voice was low and shaken. "I think—
I feel there was something quite awful
behind that illusion we saw! I simply
hated it.”

  "Darling! You’re much too easily im-
pressed by these Orientals. Wait until
you’ve been mixed up with them ten years
or so, as I have. You’ll learn to take them
less seriously. It was clever, very, but
not really devastating.”

  "It was quite awful!” repeated Evadne.
"Certainly it was,” Mrs. Fairleigh
chimed in as they sank into low chairs
in the wide stone gallery that ran round
the house. "A most improper thing;
these natives have no sense of decency at
all.”

m

ell, it was a good show tonight,
thanks to the Prince. I thought
they’d all stay on to breakfast talking
about magic, and djinnees, and suspended
animation, and all the rest of it. Even
little Mrs. Fairleigh got wound up.”
Evadne nodded, her clear eyes still
shadowed by a faint fear.

  "But you were as silent as an oyster,
old fellow! What got your goat tonight?”
"There must be listeners for those who
talk,” Hadur answered dryly.

  "You weren’t listening, you were sulk-
ing, you old reprobate! What was it?
Did Mrs. Gaunt ride her hobby-horse

about the Meccan pilgrimage? Or does
the Prince belong to a tribe of your heredi-
tary enemies?”

  "As to that, he is not more my enemy
than yours.”

  Evadne looked vaguely about her for
a cigarette, and Hadur was quick to see
her need. She stretched out a firm, deli-
cately modelled little hand, and turned
it palm upward to look idly at the gold
lettering on the cigarette.

  "By the hundredth name of Allah!”
exclaimed Hadur. "What mark is that?”
He took her hand in his own lean dark
fingers, and bent over the soft rosy palm.
A faint curious mark was printed there,
silver-gray as wood ash.

  "Ate!” The exclamation burst from
Hadur, as if a mortal agony seized him.
"Allah’s mercy on us! When was this
done to you?”

  "Why—how very curious!” Lady
Willett stared at the mark with pu2zled
brows.

  "Did the Prince touch you? Think—
remember—was it when he worked his
magic at the dinner table?”

  "Yes. I remember now, I felt a little
tingle on my hand when the candies
flared up. It was a peculiar pain, and
went right through me. I looked at my
hand afterward but there was no mark
there. I can’t feel anything now, but it
won’t come off—it won’t come off!”

  She scrubbed at her palm with a shud-
der of distaste, and showed the mark to
Hugh, standing by her side.

  "I don’t know quite why you and
Hadur are making such a fuss.” He was
tenderly scornful. "You’ve scraped the
skin a little. Come along, I’ll put plas-
ter, and ointment, and a large bandage
on it, darling, then you'll be happy.”
"It is the sign of Melek Taos—the
Mark of Power!” Hadur’s voice was low
and hoarse. "You can do nothing, Sir
THE ALTAR OF MELEK TAOS

297

Hugh, for the Sitt Evadne has been chos-
en by the Prince to be—Wa hyat Ullah,
these lips will not utter the words!”

  "What do you mean, Hadur?” Sir
Hugh was suddenly stem and angry.
"Don’t you see that you are alarming
Evadne? Explain—don’t stand there mut-
tering Arabic to yourself!”

  "My lord!” It was seldom, indeed,
that Hadur used his native speech, and a
chill of fear touched the other’s heart at
the profound solemnity of Hadur’s voice
and manner. "My lord! It is wiser to
tell thee at the outset what great evil
hath befallen the Sitt Evadne. It is so
grave and overwhelming a disaster, that
ignorance would be the last extremity of
unwisdom. That marie is the mark of
Melek Taos—the Angel Peacock—the
symbol of that bright Prince of evil, whose
rule ended, temporarily, at the fall of
Babylon.”

   "If I didn’t know you for a strict Mo-
hammedan, I’d say you’d been drinking,”
Sir Hugh interrupted, frowning. "What
has Evadne to do with the fall of Baby-
lon? What in hell—excuse me, darling
—what on earth is an Angel Peacock?”
"You were right in saying hell,” re-
plied Hadur. "The Angel Peacock is the
symbol for the devil, a shaitan, the age-
less evil which men have worshipped
from the beginning of time.”

   Evadne looked with fascinated horror
at her hand.

   "It is getting plainer all the time,” she
gasped. "Look, there are wings, a head!
It is a bird! More like an eagle, or a vul-
ture, than a peacock.”

  Both men bent over her hand. The
silvery-gray mark was deepening to a dull
black, and, as Evadne turned her hand
this way and that, it shimmered with
gleaming opalescent hues.

   "It is very beautiful—very!”

  Hadur turned on her with a desperate
terror.

  "Beautiful! Accursed, you mean! You
must not be fascinated by it. Cover it up;
you must not let that mark work on you
as the Prince intends.”

  Sir Hugh drew her to sit beside him on
a divan close by, putting his own hand
over the strange mark, and holding Evad-
ne within the shelter of his arm. His in-
stinct and training prompted him to make
light of the whole thing; he did not want
his wife to be frightened, and he had
always made a habit of resolutely turning
his back on the numerous occult phenom-
ena which he encountered in the East.
Not that he blundered by showing the
natives his complete disbelief in their
many superstitions, with the exception of
Hadur, but he cherished the belief (hat
nothing supernatural could, or did, exist.

  Something deeper than either instinct
or training stirred in him now. With a
quite inexplicable hatred he hated to see
that glittering mark on Evadne’s hand.
Some fear, ancient and primeval as the
foundation of the world, began to trou-
ble him. Over dim unsuspected pools of
memory, an old and terrible wisdom
moved with portentous shadow.

  "Tell us all you know, or think, or
suspect,” he asked Hadur.

  The Arab bent his head gravely, and
sat down opposite the pair.

2.	The Very Voice of Fire

«‘T will give you the facts, as I know
A them,” began Hadur. "Hear me
out, however incredulous and repellent
you find them.”

  His audience nodded agreement, Sir
Hugh with a sinking heart.

  "Prince Dena ibn Zodh is High Priest
of the tribe known as the Yezidees. These
people are devil-worshippers, and have
been for many centuries. In the time of
298

WEIRD TALES

Shaikh Adi, their chief exponent, the
Yezidees bulked largely as a terrible and
dangerous sect. They have a sacred Black
Book called Al Yalvah, and in the Thir-
teenth Century reached their zenith as a
ruling, influential power of evil. Since
that time their power steadily declined,
but the old reputation clung to them, and
Jews and Moslems and Christians alike
despised and hated them.

  "In reality, until quite recently, they
had become a perfectly harmless peasant
tribe, whose communities lie scattered in
the hills northeast of Bagdad, and in
other countries such as Kurdistan, Arme-
nia, and Persia. They practised a few
rites and ceremonies grown harmless
and unmeaning during the passage of
time. They adhered to a few supersti-
tions, such as never wearing the color
blue, and never speaking of the devil by
that name. The Shaitan they worship is
symbolized for them in the form of a
peacock. A marvellously wrought be-
jewelled bird represents their god to the
tribe, and is kept in some secret sanctuary.
When referring to their devil ruler, they
call him Melek Taos, or Angel Peacock.”

  Evadne looked down at her hand, but
her husband closed it almost fiercely
within his own,, and drew her closer to
him.

  "Melek Taos is something akin to
Lucifer, only that the Yezidees think he
will return in time to his celestial sphere,
and that he rules this earth, meantime,
by the direct command of Allah. Until
recently, in spite of these strange beliefs,
the Yezidees lived normally honest, de-
cent lives. Their religion was a mere
shell of the old faith, Melek Taos a focus
for their instinct to worship. The old
unspeakable sacrifices and horrible per-
versions of human attributes were com-
pletely forgotten.”

  "And the Prince, what has he to do
with all this?” asked Sir Hugh.

  "Everything! He has revived the old
infamous worship in its entirety, every
custom and sacrifice and obscenity of the
devil-worship of the dark ages. Melek
Taos, from being more angel than devil,
is now utteriy and wholly devilish. His
worshippers indulge in every form of
beast-like lust, and unnamable orgy. Tor-
ture, sacrifice, the bridal rights of the
High Priest and other abominations have
been fully re-established.”

  Hadur looked hesitatingly at the young
couple, his eyes haunted and tragic.

  "There is worse, much worse to come,”
he went on. "These things are the mere
trappings and superficialities of the devil-
worshippers under the new regime of
Prince Dena.”

  "Good God, man!” exclaimed Sir
Hugh. "No human being could do
worse than this, surely!”

  "Human being? Well, yes, as far as
his body of flesh and blood is concerned,
he is human.” Hadur spoke slowly and
heavily. "But the Prince has learned a
power and a control that set him as far
apart from human life, thought, and ex-
perience, as a great scientist is removed
from the organic life beneath his micro-
scope, or on his dissecting-table.

  "You are angry, alarmed, bewildered.
It is natural; yet I beg you to remain
calm while I try to make clear what will
bewilder you still more. These Yezidees
were disciples of the false Zoroaster in
the past; their ancestors treasured rem-
nants of knowledge and power from the
days of long-forgotten kingdoms—lost
in the mists of time even when the As-
syrians ruled. But these remnants of pow-
er perished and were buried beneath the
stones of Babylon. The last secrets of
Zoroaster vanished in the general holo-
caust.
THE ALTAR OF MELEK TAOS

299

  "The true Zoroaster, born six thousand
years before Plato, according to many
savants, learned the great principles that
control the universe. He, and his Magi,
held the elements in the hollow of their
hands. Above all things, they learned
the secret and occult force that governs
fire. Electricity was subject to them, and
answered to their control as a horse an-
swers to bit and bridle.

  "They learned, through long discipline
and terrible ordeals of purification, to
liberate the will entirely from the senses,
until they could hear the Very Voice of
Fire, until they could focus the universal
fire—the Astral Fluid that radiates from
every sphere in the universe—and direct
it as a weapon or a defense when they
pleased.

  "The Voice of Fire taught them to be-
come seers and prophets, to impose any
thought or feeling upon the multitude, to
make themselves visible or invisible at
will, to communicate with other Magi at
the far ends of the earth.”

  "How?” Sir Hugh questioned harshly.

  "By means of huge power-houses
where the electric fluid was stored—seven
great towers which stretched across the
continent of Asia from Arabia to Tibet.
These towers have long since crumbled
into dust, but Prince Dena has erected
a new one here in the hills somewhere
north of this city. And I have informa-
tion from those who work for me in this
matter, that other towers are being built
in Persia, Afghanistan, and Mongolia.

  "Here, not twenty miles from Bagdad,
the Prince rules with all the absolute sov-
ereignty of the Magi of the Assyrian
Empire. He has protected his Temple
and Palace with the fire-mist and thunder
clouds of the priests of Babylon. He has
diverted the rivers which flooded and de-
stroyed the old Yezidee altars. He has
built his tower over these same altars, and

there the living flame burns night and

day.”

  "How have you learned all this? You’ve
been with me for years, and I’ve never
heard a word of Prince Dena. I knew
the Yezidees existed, but that was all.
Have you seen the tower, the altar, and
all the rest of it?”

  "When you journeyed to Europe with
the Sitt, and left me here in Bagdad, I
met a man whose daughter had been sac-
rificed to Melek Taos by the Prince him-
self. I may not betray her name—it was
a great one and very honored here in
Bagdad. Her father has great learning
and greater courage. By an accident I
stumbled on his secret purpose to avenge
his daughter, and since then he and I
have worked together. In disguise this
man has visited the Temple, joined in
the worship, and never rests now in his
plans to destroy the Yezidees root and
branch. But so far-”

  He made an eloquent gesture of de-
spair.

  "I am not quite clear about the true
and the false Zoroastrians.” Evadne’s
face was pale, but her eyes were intent
and steady, her mind absorbed byHadur’s
words. "And the Prince himself, is he a
true Magus?”

  "He was,” replied Hadur. "It is that
which makes him so unassailable now.
He passed through all the sternest tests
and ordeals. He became an Adept. He
learned all the occult mysteries that con-
trol the elements. He heard the Very
Voice of Fire, and only death can rob
him of his power now, although he has
turned it to base and unworthy uses. The
Fire he controls will destroy him utterly
at last, as it destroyed Sardanapalus on
his throne in Babylon. Meantime—he
rules!

"I have told you all, Sitt!” Hadur met
the girl’s stedfast eyes. "I have told you
300

WEIRD TALES

because ignorance would expose you to
greater risk. You must understand com-
pletely the kind of danger that threatens
you.”

  "I know, I understand, Hadur.”

  Evadne felt her husband’s hand trem-
ble on her own, and turned to him quick-
ly. His angry puzzled look touched her
profoundly.

  “Darling, don’t worry! This is the
Twentieth Century, and we are in Bag-
dad, not Babylon. I think Prince Dena
is a terrible man, I felt it from the first
moment we met. But he’ll have a hard
time to get me into his temple, with all
his magic and mysteries! Don’t look at
me as if I were sitting in a tumbril on
the way to the guillotine. Remember,
we’re in the East, where one expects all
sorts of things to happen.”

  Sir Hugh’s gloom visibly lightened.

  “You’re an absolute wonder, really you
are!” And Hadur’s flashing glance con-
firmed her husband’s admiration. "We’ll
tackle this thing together, and bring
Prince Dena lower than the walls of Baby-
lon itself.”

  Hadur fingered a cigarette, his eyes
lowered. He had failed to convince Sir
Hugh, but he felt assured that Evadne’s
attitude was more or less assumed for
her husband’s benefit. She was the more
intellectual of the two, more inclined to
the mysticism of the East, understanding
much that lay outside the range of Sir
Hugh’s strong practical mind, more imagi-
native and receptive of the older philoso-
phies, and, if more credulous, at the same
time more subtle and flexible in her
thought.

  Meantime he saw her glance down at
her hand, and the question he dreaded
followed promptly: “And the mark,
Hadur?”

  "It is the mark that the High Priest
sets upon his chosen. You are the woman

whom he has destined to be offered to
Melek Taos on the night of sacrifice, at
the rising of the next new moon.”

  Sir Hugh rose abruptly, his anger sud-
denly breaking bounds.

  "Don’t couple Evadne’s name with
that beastly conjurer’s! It’s an insult in
itself, if only a quarter of what you say is
true. It is my fault that she has been ex-
posed to his presumption. I was a fool
to have been taken in by him in the first
place. I shall see that he never comes
near her again, confound him! That mark
can be removed by caustic, or electricity.
I’ll take her to a doctor tomorrow.”
Hadur watched the couple go. Evadne’s
smile to him, over her shoulder, was par-
ticularly gentle and affectionate, and the
Arab’s eyes were dim as he watched her
golden head and cloudy draperies disap-
pear down the long corridor without.

  "Allah have her in his keeping! To
save her I would burn in Gehenna for a
thousand years. To save her! . . .”

3.	Vau Ruach Addonai!

For a few days, Sir Hugh, anxious to
prevent any chance that might bring
Evadne into contact with Prince Dena
again, refused to go away from the city,
or even to stay more than an hour or two
away from his wife. But as the days
passed uneventfully, the thought of his
workmen in the Euphrates valley began
to worry him. They had reached a critical
point in a most important job, when the
Tomb of Queen Bal-el-Zouka was to be
uncovered. It was essential that he should
superintend the opening of the inner
stone chamber. Only he possessed such
experience and expert knowledge as was
necessary for such a delicate operation.

  Hadur was on the spot, overlooking
the workmen, and no doubt could carry
out the final diggings as well as he could
himself, unless some unexpected difficulty
THE ALTAR OF MELEK TAOS

301

turned up. It was the chance of this last
occurrence that worried Sir Hugh.

  His strong common sense and cheerful
optimism had quickly thrown off the
vague alarm and suspicion he had first
entertained with regard to the Prince. As
the days quietly succeeded one another
the Tomb of Queen Bal-el-Zouka loomed
larger, as the Prince faded on his mental
horizon.

  "I really ought to ride up the valley,
and see how things are going,” he re-
marked at breakfast one morning.

  "Of course! Why don’t you go today?
I shall be busy all morning. The consul
and his wife are calling to take me to an
exhibition of rugs at the Hotel el Kadr.”

  Sir Hugh’s face cleared completely.

  "Splendid! You’ll be careful though,
won’t you, darling? That fellow, Prince
Dena, may be hanging about on the
chance of seeing you. I’ve given strict
orders that he is not to be admitted on
any pretext whatever. If those two are
with you today-”

  "Exactly,” laughed Evadne. "I hardly
think even Prince Dena would tackle so
formidable a team! Mrs. Lamont would
die rather than acknowledge the strain of
Arab blood in her, and snubs all natives
impartially. And he—well, he sees peo-
ple and things as she wants him to see
them.”

  "Poor fellow, I can sympathize with
him. I know exactly what he feels like!”
Sir Hugh looked as dismal as his jolly
face would allow. "We must get to-
gether, he and I, and talk over this wife
business. Can’t call my soul my own
now.”

  "Poor old thing!”

  She had accompanied him to the en-
trance hall as they talked, and they stood
looking down at the sunlit streets. In the
shadow of the deep Moorish arch she
suddenly clasped him with the quick

warmth that made her so adorable to
him.

  "You are so dear and silly, Hugh. I
simply couldn’t live without you now—
the sillier you get, the more I like you.”
"That’s lucky, as I’m heading in the
same direction about you. Now, listen to
the parting injunction of a fond but jeal-
ous spouse. If you see the Prince, cut
him dead. By the way, you’ve still got
the bandage over that mark. The doctor
said you might remove it today, didn’t
he?”

  "I think I ought to give it until to-
night. It was a rather painful process
having it pricked out. It may heal better
if I wait a few hours longer.”

  In the deep shadow her sudden flush
was not noticeable. She had already un-
covered her hand, and seen the mark as
clear and strong as ever, but meant to
consult Hadur before showing it to her
husband. The latter had been hanging
about so miserably restless for the last
week, that she wished him to go off with-
out anxiety today.

  "Poor child!” He patted the injured
hand tenderly. "Well, if I’m going, I’ll
ride out now before the sun gets any
higher. You may expect Hadur and me
back tonight, without fail. He’ll be sur-
prized to see me turn up.”

  A last kiss, and he set off down the
street to the stables, his white-clad figure
very square and uncompromising amidst
the flowing burnooses and rainbow hues
of the native population.

Hadur was not only surprized, but
passionately angry with Sir Hugh,
filled with an almost murderous fury as
he watched him approach the camp.

  "Blind worm! Is he made of wood, or
stone, that he can leave her to the mercy
of that devil? Oh, by Allah, I could bind
him on a wild horse and flog him into the
302

WEIRD TALES

desert for this treachery to her! He has
left her, lost her for ever, the blind dull-
witted fool!”

  Then in a moment his rare anger
passed. He saw Sir Hugh, not as the
traitor, but as the betrayed, and immense
pity and sorrow filled him.

  "El mektoub, mektoub!” he quoted
beneath his breath. "If he must lose her,
then she is already lost. Of what use to
strive against one’s fate? Is it not hung
about our neck from the hour of our
birth? We do but tread a path already
ordained for our feet.”

  Sir Hugh looked slightly abashed as he
rode up to Hadur, and busied himself
with his mount for a minute, with averted
eyes.

  "Evadne’s splendid,” he presently re-
marked, rather jerkily. "Going off with
the Lamont griffin and her husband to-
day. I’ve given strict orders not to have
the Prince admitted to the house. You
and I will be back at sundown.”

  "It is well, Arfi!” Hadur led the way
to the tomb without more words, and Sir
Hugh followed meekly, knowing that he
was in disgrace. But the feeling of guilt
was swallowed up in excitement very
soon, and for the remaining hours of the
day he was too much absorbed to remem-
ber that such a'man as Prince Dena ex-
isted at all.

The domes and minarets of Bagdad
glowed redly in the setting sun as
Sir Hugh, with his secretary, dismounted
at the stables, and walked toward his
spacious white house in the avenue of the
Califs. A servant usually sat within the
entrance, to question all who climbed
the broad steps, and to receive messages
if his master and mistress were not at
home. This evening, the great arched
doorway was deserted. The heavily
studded door was closed.

  Sir Hugh was about to give a loud
rat-tat-tat with the stock of his riding-
whip, when Hadur put a hand on his
arm.

  "Something has gone wrong. Let us
enter quietly, and make our own discov-
eries. There are other entrances.”

  There were several of them, and the
two men found the glass door leading
into the palm garden was unlatched.
They walked in quietly through a con-
servatory of heavily scented plants, and
thence into Sir Hugh’s private study. A
strange pall of silence seemed to fill the
house almost visibly.

  In the wide tiled hall they saw a figure
sprawled against the marble wall. It was
Ali, the doorkeeper. He was sleeping,
and so soundly that nothing would rouse
him. Hadur examined him swiftly, lift-
ing an eyelid, feeling his pulse.

  "Not drugged! He is hypnotized!” he
pronounced.

  “Prince Dena!”

  Sir Hugh’s face was suddenly haggard
with anxiety. Hadur’s did not change
from the settled melancholy it had worn
all day. With one accord they turned,
letting the servant slip back against the
wall. They mounted the great curved
central stairway, and reached the western
wing, through a labyrinthin maze of cor-
ridors and passages.

  They paused in the small anteroom
which led to a lovely domed chamber,
where silken rugs made glowing pools of
color on the marble floors, and cushions
and divans and rich hangings formed a
background worthy of the great Haroun
ar Rashid himself.

  The anteroom was shut off only by
curtains of damask silk, and between
them the two men saw something that
made them stiffen and freeze like game
dogs, still and motionless as statues.

  On a divan opposite, across a wide
THE ALTAR OF MELEK TAOS

303

space of floor, Evadne lay relaxed against
a pile of gorgeous cushions. Her head
shone like a golden torch in the last rays
of the setting sun, her delicately cut fea-
tures touched to an almost unearthly
beauty.

  Beside her sat Prince Dena ibn Zodh,
his face in profile, like a classic bronze
against the window, through which a
crimson afterglow blazed. He leaned
toward his companion, and the low mur-
mur of a strange rhythmic chant reached
the two behind the curtain.

  Like a flower turning to the sun, the
girl’s face turned toward the Prince, her
gray eyes wide and shining, her lips part-
ed in delight. She swayed, smiling,
closer, closer to the dark intent singer.
His two hands went out to her, held the
golden head cupped between them as he
crooned, with a wild soft wail at the close
of each verse:

0	ye Red Mist! O ye swift Flame.

      Melek Taos! By that bright name,

       1	serve thee with beauty.

      Ahyahaiee! Ahyahaiee!

      Dancing red Fire! Dancing white Fire!

      Leap nearer! Leap higher!

       Baptize this, thy bond-slave.

      Ahyahaiee! Ahyahaiee!

  Sir Hugh made an agonizing effort to
move, to speak, to rush in and snatch
Evadne to him. He could not stir a mus-
cle. At his side, Hadur might have been
carved from wood; not a tremble or a
breath shook him, as he, also, stood rooted
to the floor.

  Prince Dena bent down to the lovely
face between his two hands, and his chant
sank to a low mutter breathed against her
parted lips:

To thy altar, Melek Taos! To thy altar, O King!
At the rising of the new moon, Melek Taos, I
bring

These white limbs, this gold head in thy bright
  arms to lie.

Vau Jotchavah!

Vau Opharim!

Vau Ruach Addonai!

Evadne’s lips touched those of the

Prince, clung there, while Sir Hugh was
forced to watch with bursting heart. His
will, his spirit, his whole being rose up
in an agony of effort. Like a great force
of water breaking down a dam, with a
flashing of stars in his head, and a dread-
ful jolt of leaping pulses, he came to life.

  He gave a queer moan of fury, and
leaped forward, dragging down the cur-
tain to his feet. His hands were at Prince
Dena’s throat, his muscles tensed, his
whole intent to batter the life out of that
smiling dark face. To his bewilderment
he grasped only empty, air. Prince Dena
stood at the window, looking out calmly;
Evadne lay back among the gorgeously
hued cushions, her eyes wide and vacant
as a sleep-walker’s.

  "It is useless.” Hadur’s hand restrained
him, his whisper was in his ear: "He is
protected. You will injure yourself, but
him you can not touch!”

  Sir Hugh brushed off the warning
hand like an insect.

  "Let me alone! Let me alone! This
is my job!”

  Once more he hurled himself at Prince
Dena, who stood with his back now to
the window, his black eyes gleaming with
fire. Sir Hugh felt a tingling shock that
left him numb from head to foot, and he
leaned heavily against the window-casing
to steady his trembling limbs.

  Again he flung himself upon that
sleek, smiling enemy. There was a cry,
a crash of broken glass, and Sir Hugh
hung perilously from the window-frame,
caught by a jagged edge of glass, and
Hadur’s strong hand about his ankle. It
was an ignominious struggle to get back
to safety. He stood within the room fi-
nally, panting, tom, bleeding, and with
a fury that made his ears sing, and a mist
clouded his eyes.

  Prince Dena bowed with ironic gravity.
"I have the honor to bid you farewell,
Sir Hugh Willett.”
304

WEIRD TALES

  He turned to Evadne.

  "To our next meeting, white flower
of Paradise!”

  He took her hand and carried it to his
lips, and in a moment had crossed the
threshold of the room and vanished more
swiftly than a passing breeze.

*‘TS vadne!” cried Sir Hugh, desper-
-E-*/ ately, as she rose with a sudden
energy to look down from the window to
the street below.

  But the girl appeared completely in-
sensitive to his cry, and to the pain and
anger in his face. She stood with face
pressed eagerly to an unbroken pane, and,
returning finally to her seat, she sank
down and gazed vacantly before her.

  "Evadne!” Her husband sat down be-
side her, his voice rough with amazed
anger. "What are you thinking of? Are
you mad to let this beast kiss you, turn
you into a thing of wax? Evadne, look
at me! Listen, listen, Evadne!”

  But the face he turned toward him,
with shaking hand beneath her chin, was
calm and still, the eyes brilliant, but their
expression fixed and far away—the look
of a traveller who gazes with deep long-
ing on some distant land of desire, blind
and deaf to all other objects in the way.

                          m

  Hadur stood back in the shadow against
the wall, watching Evadne closely. He
looked years older than before he entered
the room, a dreadful grayness about his
mouth. His wise deep-set eyes were pools
of brooding horror.

  "Sir Hugh!” He came forward at last,
and stood looking down at the young
man as a father might look at a stricken
child. "We came too late to save her,
alas! The evil is past remedy. She will
not hear your voice again. She will not
see your face again. In her ears the voice
of the High Priest drowns every other
sound in the universe, and in her vision

she sees only the bright evil spirit that
has bound her to him. It has been de-
creed that this fate should come upon us
all. It is the will of Allah!”

  "Nonsense, Hadur!” The Arab fatal-
ism had the effect, at least, of rousing the
other to battle. “Why should Allah de-
cree a thing of such awful horror? It is
the result of my own carelessness. I left
her—I left her! Evadne!”

  His voice was softly pleading now; he
took her hand between his own, stroking
it, talking softly to her as if she were a
wayward child. Then he and Hadur no-
ticed the mark on her hand simultaneous-
ly, and both their faces paled.

  "God!” whispered Sir Hugh.

  The mark shone red as fire, brilliant,
opalescent, baneful, a dark star in the
dusk of that gorgeous room. And as the
mark burned deeper and brighter, so did
Evadne’s beauty catch fire, and glow with
a new unearthly radiance.

  Again and again Sir Hugh tried to
rouse her, only to find her in the mist of
dreams where she walked alone. It was
useless. The gulf between them yawned
as wide as death itself.

4. Flight

“T ’ve ordered the car round for seven-
A thirty this evening. Lady Willett’s
maid can follow when she has finished
packing the trunks. We’ll take the light
luggage with us. It’s rather awkward
about leaving the excavation work, but
if you return here after seeing us off at
Port Said, it will make very little differ-
ence. You’ll have all those letters and
contracts ready for me to sign before I
go, Hadur!”

  "Since your mind is made up, I will
have all in readiness,” replied the secre-
tary gravely. "Won’t you reconsider this
decision, Sir Hugh? You are making a
grave mistake, and playing into the

                        W. T.—f
THE ALTAR OF MELEK TAOS

305

enemy’s hands by this hasty move. To
travel in haste, by night, and without
preparation or defense against attack, is
to give the Sitt Evadne into his hands.”
"What defense have we, if half you
suspect is true? Not that I can credit your
beliefs in his magic! All I know is that
she has been hypnotized by this infernal
scoundrel, and that I’m going to take her
where she’ll be safe from the sight and
sound of him.”

  "My dear!” Hadur reverted to his na-
tive Arabic and mode of address, when
profoundly moved. "Anger and sorrow
blind thee to the truth. There are means
of protection if thou wert willing to sub-
mit. The width of the wide earth be-
tween the Sitt Evadne and this Magus
will avail nothing. She bears the mark
of the Angel Peacock on her hand, the
visible sign of her inner subjugation.
Until that mark fades, she belongs to the
High Priest who set it upon her.”

  “Good Heavens, man, what more can
I do to have the mark removed? If the
electric needle can’t touch it, what can?”
“One thing alone!” Hadur answered
solemnly. "The High Priest must die.
Until he does, it is useless to take refuge
in flight, and it will but bring a heavier
weight of evil upon us all.”

  The other’s face clouded.

  "I wish I could stay and settle him
myself.” He patted a pocket significantly.
"But when you return. I give you
carte blanche to use my name, and draw
on me for any money you need to get rid
of him. If you could get the authorities
on his track, let them discover this beastly
sacrifice business you say he practises, it
ought to be easy to get him hanged as a
common murderer.”

"No, no!” Hadur’s eyes held despair.
"Have I not said he was protected? No
human weapon, no human force can
harm a Magus of his standing. He has
W. T.—2

mastered the deepest secrets of Zoroaster,
and it would be child’s play for him to
avoid the clumsy traps that the law would
set for him.”

  "Well, what remains?”

  "Fire! The Universal Agent! The
Prince trod the bitter path of knowledge,
passing from stage to stage until con-
trol of his senses was absolute. He has
heard the Very Voice of Fire! Like the
false Magi of old, he no longer practises
the tests and ordeals of discipline. He is
using the occult forces of nature for his
own ends, not for the p’urpose of giving
light and wisdom to the world. Only ut-
ter negation of self is his safeguard;

therefore he is bound to-”

  "Yes, yes! You explained that the
other night. Meantime, the Prince holds
all the winning cards.”

  "It is true. He is master as long as he
controls the Universal Agent. But you
have a saying, 'The mills of God grind
slowly, but they grind exceeding small.’
And so it is in this matter. The Law is
always the same, call it God, or Nature,
or Magic—all are the same!”

  "Everything you say persuades me that
to protect my wife, I must act, and act at
once. I can’t wait for the Prince to be
caught in his own toils.”

  "And I repeat that you have not the
strength or knowledge to protect her.
Prince Dena must be tricked into expos-
ing himself to the full force of the un-
tamable element he uses so dangerously.
Fire protects him. Fire must destroy
him."

  "Hadur!” Sir Hugh got up, and put-
ting his hand on the other’s shoulders,
looked him squarely in the face. "I trust
you beyond any man I know. You have
been friend and adviser to me through
bad times and good, for more years than
I can remember. Now, for the first time,
I can not rely on your judgment, I did
306

WEIRD TALES

not realize clearly before that I am a
Westerner, and that you are of the East.
I can not follow your arguments. I must
take my own way of dealing with a prob-
lem so peculiarly my own. My mind is
made up. I am taking Evadne away, out
of the country tonight.”

  With a sinking heart the secretary
watched the other go off to his study.

  ’’Allah hath permitted his eyes to be
blinded, that he may not see the truth,”
he told himself wearily. "All haste is of
the devil, and of this sudden ill-consid-
ered journey much evil will come.”

The moon had a red, angry look as
it climbed up that night, to peer,
over the shoulder of the Mosque elHarib,
at the big touring-car standing before Sir
Hugh Willett’s doorway. The air was
heavy, the stars dim, and a breathless
heat hung like a pall over the city.

  Evadne stood for a moment on the top-
most step, looking up at the red disk of
the moon, her lifted face so tranquil and
exquisite, that a passing beggar drew back
with a startled "Ya salam! Of a truth,
the Unbeliever hath surely drunk of the
seven streams of Isfadan! By Allah, it is
a beauty not of this earth!”

  "Come, darling,” Sir Hugh gently
urged her. "I think a storm is coming
up.”

  She did not appear to know he was
speaking, but continued to watch the an-
gry sky. A low, long mutter of thunder
rolled, and she smiled faintly:

  "In the voice of the thunder I will
speak to you, in the flash of the light-
ning you shall see my wrath against those
who would hide you from me.”

  She spoke as if quoting remembered
words, and Sir Hugh exchanged uneasy
glances with Hadur.

  Not until the three had left Bagdad a
mile or so behind them, and were speed-

ing up the long valley road, did Sir Hugh
begin to feel easy in his mind. Hadur, in
the back of the car with the luggage, sat
anxiously watching the threatening sky.

  As the road narrowed to a mere rough
track between the towering hills, a sud-
den fury of wind tore shrieking down
the defile to meet them. A curtain of ut-
ter darkness fell. The road was unfamil-
iar, a short cut to their destination, which
friends in Bagdad had recommended. It
forked to right and left at more than one
point, and in spite of instructions which
he endeavored to follow precisely, Sir
Hugh became convinced that somewhere
in the darkness he had taken the wrong
turn.

  He determined to drive on in the
chance of reaching some village, or at
least of finding some protected place
where they might shelter until the ap-
proaching storm had spent itself.

  Hadur voiced his own misgivings:
"We seem to have missed the road. I
believe we are on the way to the hills
where the Yezidees have their strong-
hold. Can you turn, Sir Hugh? It is
madness to court disaster!”

  "I can not turn in this narrow place.
We must go on now.”

  ”It is madness!” repeated Hadur. "It
is the power of the High Priest that
draws us on this path.”

  A clap of thunder, echoing and pro-
longed, filled the narrow valley with
deafening tumult. Hadur’s watchfulness
increased, and he sat like a dog straining
at the leash, his eyes fixed on the skyline
above the hills. Sir Hugh gave his whole
attention to the wheel, with a darting
glance every once in a while at his wife,
who sat beside him with a strange look
of expectancy and hope in her eyes.

  The coppery glow above the dark hills
grew stronger, and lightning began to
flick in long tongues of fire from peak to
THE ALTAR OF MELEK TAOS

307

peak. The car bumped and rocked over
the uneven track; the occupants one mo-
ment dazzled by the dancing incandescent
blaze, the next, plunged into a black sul-
furous gloom.

  The storm seemed to be following the
Kne of the valley, with the car the center
and focus of its fury. Hadur looked
through the rear window to see a clear
sky behind. Overhead the rattle and
roar of thunder threatened to shake the
solid hills down upon the travellers.

  Sir Hugh’s face was white and set, as
he clung to the wheel, steering more or
less by instinct in the darkness and in-
fernal uproar. The road began to climb
steeply, the hills drawing in until their
jagged peaks almost touched overhead.
At a heart-breaking double twist in the
road, the car plunged into a shallow fis-
sure that stretched across the way. The
engine coughed, gurgled sullenly, and
went dead.

  The two men got out, opened the hood,
and poked about anxiously to discover
the damage, Hadur holding an electric
torch. Nothing seemed wrong. Puzzled,
Sir Hugh turned to enter the car again
and examine the switchboard more care-
fully.

  The car was empty. Evadne had van-
ished.

  "Evadne! Evadne! Evadne!”

  Sir Hugh’s voice rang through the hol-
low-sounding place with a startled terror
that the rocky walls threw back in a hun-
dred echoes. Hadur sent the ray of his
powerful torch up and down the path,
but only the desolate track itself was visi-
ble. Sir Hugh ran forward, stumbling
to his knees in haste, calling, running,
falling, and blindly running on again.

  Then a mighty burst of thunder, ac-
companied by a violent shaking of the
earth, flung both men to the ground, and
a second later the sky was split by a mon-

strous sheet of white fire that threatened
to wipe the very earth from its appointed
place and scatter its ashes amidst the star-
dust in the void.

For long the two lay stunned and
blind and deaf, the earth rocking un-
der them. At last Hadur crawled on
hands and knees to the other’s side.

  "Look!”

  He pointed an unsteady hand to the
craggy summit almost directly overhead.
A great arc of light burned steadily, a
rainbow of gleaming fire, and beneath it
the black massive walls'of a building
stood humped against the sky. Near
by, a taller building loomed, whose metal
domes and towers reflected the red
light of the fiery arc above. A single
straight gleaming tower shot up into the
sky, its slender shaft quivering from base
to head, with constantly moving fight
waves, like dancing water beneath a bril-
liant moon.

  "The Palace of the Yezidees, and the
Temple of Melek Taos! And there—
there is the Sitt Evadne!”

   Still on their hands and knees, the two
turned their faces toward that fiery rain-
bow, and on the very summit of the crags
a man and woman stood plainly visible
in the brilliant light.

  It was Prince Dena, and with him
Evadne in her white-furred wrap. Still
partly stunned, Sir Hugh got to his feet,
wavering and unsteady, and tried to shout.
His voice died in his throat and his
numbed arm fell heavily to his side as he
strove to signal to that small white-clad
figure, poised like a bird on the dark
heights above the valley.

   With a roar, a cataract of rain fell like
a black curtain, beating the two men to
their knees again, blotting out the fiery
arc, and the castle and temple, swallow-
ing up the slender figure and the tall
High Priest by her side.
308

WEIRD TALES

  In a very few minutes the path turned
to an icy foaming torrent beneath the
feet of the dazed watchers. It was imoos-

                                                          JL

sible to see an inch before them, impossi-
ble to do anything save cling to some
spur of rock and fight to keep their foot-
ing in that swirling rush of water.

  5.	The Trap Opens—and Shuts

Dawn found them flattened up against
the overhanging precipice, soaked,
chilled to the bone, and aching in every
muscle. Underfoot the water was abating,
though running swiftly as a river in spate
down the precipitous way.

  The car stood axle-deep in the yellow-
ish flood, the fissure holding it firmly in
position. Thankfully the two men
splashed to its shelter, and were soon dry-
clad and enjoying hot coffee and cognac
from their travelling-flasks, as well as the
contents of a well-stocked food basket.

  The sun rose over the edge of the val-
ley walls as they ate, and in a very short
time its rays beat down in full strength
into the winding defile, illuminating
every crack and cranny in it.

  "There it is!” exclaimed Sir Hugh, as
they once more stepped out into the now
rapidly diminishing water, and were ex-
amining the cliff face to find the track
by which Evadne and the Prince had
climbed on the previous night. "There,
behind that outstanding boulder!”

  They squeezed in behind a great mass
of stone and found a firm, clearly de-
fined track, which wound in wide-flung
loops across the face of the rock. Barely
visible from the road level, once discov-
ered it was an obvious and easy ascent.

  Halting at the top, they surveyed the
desolate wind-swept heights, and the
massive walls of the Yezidee stronghold.
In the brilliant sun the light was reflected
from every dome and roof, but chiefly
focussed on the tall slender shaft of the

Shining Tower, which rose like a pillar
of fire from amidst the temple domes.
Its light was not steady, but flashed and
winked like that of a lighthouse signal,
with a radiance that made it impossible
to watch it continuously.

  "It’s a sort of super-heliograph,” as-
serted Sir Hugh. "They are signaling to
their brother Yezidees, no doubt. Noth-
ing of a miraculous nature about it. The
material they’ve used in the Tower is ex-
ceptional, I admit; I never saw anything
attract the sun’s rays so powerfully. On
the other hand, the sun itself is a miracle
out here.”

  Hadur made no attempt to rob his
companion of the comfort of this logical
explanation of the wonder before them.
He knew that the light-rays from that
infernal Tower drew their power from
every shining star and planet in the uni-
verse, and that they sent out a force that
touched people and events as far removed
as the poles. The Universal Agent was
concentrated and focussed here, gathered
up by means of the Tower into a vast
storehouse, in the identical manner in
which the true disciples of Zoroaster had
learned to gather and store it thousands
of years ago.

  For good or evil, a blind terrific force
was harnessed here to earth, and the
thought of it in the hands of Prince Dena
made Hadur shudder to the soul.

  “Those fellows by the gate are watch-
ing us. We’d better try to gain admit-
tance there.”

  Sir Hugh walked resolutely forward
as he spoke, and for the hundredth time
his secretary admired the courage and
resolution which were such marked char-
acteristics of this unimaginative man.

  “We seek an audience with the Prince
ibn Zodh,” Sir Hugh addressed one of
the wooden-faced guards. The latter
looked rather like two figures from a
THE ALTAR OF MELEK TAOS

309

child’s Noah’s Ark, as they stood in their
long straight black tunics and tightly
bound red turbans. Both guards shook
their heads solemnly and gazed past the
two visitors to the parched heights be-
yond.

  "We would speak with the High Priest.
In the name of Melek Taos, we crave
admittance.” Hadur’s tone was com-
manding.

  The faces of the two guards instantly
altered to alert wariness.

  "The password,” they said in unison.

  "Phlagus, Schiekron, and Aclahayr,
genii of the fourth Hour,” replied Hadur.

  The two guards saluted humbly, and
stood aside.

  "Enter, Masters of the Hour! The way
lies open.”

  Silencing Sir Hugh with a warning
look, Hadur led the way into a great
courtyard, murmuring as they left the
guards behind:

  "Leave it to me now. I have learned
enough to get us inside the palace. After
that-”

The courtyard was a rectangular en-
closure, its towering walls shutting
out every gleam of sun. A single low
squat doorway broke the dark polished
surfaces that closed them in, over which
a figure stood out in bas-relief—the figure
of a bird, from whose head bright dart-
ing flames shot upward. It was a replica
of the winged bird which Evadne bore
on her hand, and Sir Hugh recognized it
with a shudder of disgust.

  Two more guards stood here, and chal-
lenged Hadur promptly.

  "The Black Sword of Gaffarel, Watch-
er in the House of Mercury,” he replied.

  "Pass, Magi, diviners of the Great Mys-
tery.”

  Sir Hugh followed his secretary with
a rising anger. He loathed all this mum-

mery, the darkness, the half-seen kabal-
istic lettering on the walls, the exchange
of meaningless words at every entrance
door, the air of mystery that the unusual
surroundings provoked. He realized that
his mind was succumbing, despite his
will, to a sense of fear and foreboding,
and his sturdy common sense rebelled at
such impositions on it.

  Hadur turned to see the impatient an-
ger in his eyes.

  "Remember,” he warned in a whisper,
"the Sitt Evadne is helpless here; we are
all she has to help her now. Do not let
your anger betray you."

  From one vaulted chamber to another
they passed; at each came the challenge
and Hadur’s quietly assured answer to it.
The winged bird met their eyes on every
hand, in some form or another—on the
robes of the sphinx-like guards; in flam-
ing iridescent colors on the dull smooth
blackness of the walls; in the form of
hanging lamps in which dancing flames
moved ceaselessly in the gloom; or poised
over altars on which long tongues of fire
writhed like serpents in the shadow of
deep-cut archways.

  "It’s getting infernally hot,” muttered
Sir Hugh, as they penetrated still further
into the interior of the great palace. "And
is it my imagination, or do you hear that
strange hissing sound? It’s been getting
steadily louder and louder.”

  "We are close to the audience cham-
ber, from what my friend told me. This
is the hour for the Ritual Dance, and
you’ll understand the heat and the sound
in a few minutes.”

  The noise increased to a humming
roar as they passed another entrance.
Hadur, under pretense of stooping to ad-
mire an immense glittering presentment
of Melek Taos wrought in crystal and
holding a great ball of fire in its beak,
spoke rapidly to his companion.
310

WEIRD TALES

  "The Prince will bait us. Be prepared
to hear and see anything—anything! But
keep silent, watch closely, and do not be
betrayed into passion.”

  At the last doorway no guards stood,
but across the threshold hung a moving
curtain of fire and cloud. Hadur walked
straight forward, and Sir Hugh, wrought
up to a pitch when he would have taken
pleasure in engaging a grizzly bear to
single combat, flung himself across the
fire-mist without a pause.

  A loud purring hum of fire greeted
them, and in the first moment they
thought the vaulted room in which they
stood was going up in flames. As their
eyes grew accustomed to the glare, they
saw that the tall branching pillars of fire
that swept across the length and breadth
of the vast room did not touch the gleam-
ing inlaid floor, but played in the air in a
sort of fantastic weaving dance.

  As they saw the meaning and purpose
of the fire, they drew back in sick incredu-
lous horror.

  Between the tall flames, like moths
blown by a sirocco, a nude capering
crowd ran frantically to and fro, striving
with unearthly yells to escape the torture
of the licking flames; gaunt, deformed,
inhuman objects, scarred and withered to
the bone. They were the ceremonial danc-
ers, preserved from death by the magic
of the very power which tormented them.
"She is there—the Sitt Evadne!”
Hadur, more prepared for the unparal-
leled horrors of the Prince’s stronghold,
pointed to a massive platform against the
wall to their right.

  Sir Hugh turned to see her seated be-
side the High Priest, her eyes fixed in a
blank stare on the capering figures below
her. Vainly he looked for some means
of reaching her, but the platform was
high and smoothly polished to its base,
and no steps led to it from the floor;

   “Evadne!” he called, standing directly
beneath her. "Evadne!”

   The love and despair in his voicewould
have summoned her from the last dim
portals of death itself. It summoned her
now. She stood up, her eyes grave and
intent.

  "Who calls me?” Her words came
softly perplexed. "Oh—who calls?”

   Sir Hugh’s very soul stood in his eyes
as he looked up into her bewildered face.

   "Evadne, darling! It is Hugh! Hugh,

. your husband! Come back to me, Evadne,
come back to me!”

   The frozen bewilderment broke up,her.
eyes met his with a sudden tragic aware-
ness.

  "Hugh! Hugh, save me! Something
. . . holds me! Hugh ... my darling!”
Prince Dena rose and put a hand on
her arm. Instantly all the quick color
faded from her face, and she turned with
the old dreaming adoration to the Prince.

   "We welcome you to our palace, Sir
Hugh Willett!” The High Priest bowed
mockingly, Evadne’s hand clasped in his
own. "Tonight we hold the Feast of
Sacrifice. Tonight we celebrate my union
with this woman whom Melek Taos has
seen fit to bestow on me, his devoted ser-
vant. Never has it been my lot to hold
such golden loveliness in my arms be-
fore.”

Sir hugh strove to speak, to move, to
curse that smiling, wonderfully chis-
elled face that looked down upon him.
The roaring increased in his ears, the
bright flames seemed to dance toward him.
Then, at a sign from their master, they
receded suddenly like a tide ebbing, and
the taunting voice of his enemy came clear
through the mist and confusion.

   “Not yet, not yet, my servants! He
shall join in our Feast tonight. He shall
watch me woo this golden loveliness
THE ALTAR OF MELEK TAOS

311

from his embrace. He shall witness the
sacrifice at the rising of the new moon,
and stand helpless, O Melek Taos, when
thou dost stoop from thy heaven to the
Altar! Stoop to thy victim—the perfect
sacrifice which I will give thee at the
rising of the moon!”

  The tide of fire rolled back, sweeping
with it those agonized shrieking figures
—back—back, with an ever-diminishing
hum and crackle, until the vast hall stood
empty. The two on the platform van-
ished also, leaving Sir Hugh shaking in
every limb, leaning on Hadur with eyes
staring wildly at the deserted thrones of
ebony above him.

  “Gone! With him—with him!”

  Suddenly he made a dash to the arched
doorway by which he had entered, but as
he neared the fire-mist, a flame shot out
and curled about him like a serpent,
scorching and blackening his face and
hands.

  Staggering back, he looked around the
great empty hall and discovered other
archways set in every wall between broad
pillars, on which the signs of the zodiac
gleamed in red and gold. No doors
barred these open arches, no guards stood
before them, no curtain of fire and cloud
hung over them.

  Yet Sir Hugh could not pass them.

  Blind with grief and rage, reckless as
a wounded jungle beast, he assaulted each
empty threshold in turn. From each he
was hurled back by some violent force
that sent him reeling and spinning across
the floor, only to rise and dash blindly at
another entrance.

  Hadur watched him with tears. At
last, his brief madness of despair over,
and convinced that he was indeed a pris-
oner, he turned to the faithful Arab and
sat down beside him with his head be-
tween his hands.

  "Arfi! All is not yet lost. Do not give

way to utter despair while the Sitt Evadne
is still safe. Allah is merciful, and may
even yet restore her to thee.”

  "Evadne safe? With him?”

  "Safe until the rising of the moon,”
declared Hadur. "That much I have
learned from the father whose daughter
was a Bride of Melek Taos.”

  "Safe?—with that hell-fiend all the
long hours of this day?”

  "Arfi, I swear by Allah, and by the
life of this body, that the High Priest
will not touch her until tonight. He
dares not! There are laws even a false
Magus may not break, unless he desires
instant annihilation. For many days be-
fore the sacrifice the High Priest must
prepare himself, and abstain from many
things. The lips of the destined Bride
are one of these things taboo. Until to-
night she is safe.”

  The other merely groaned.

  "It is the truth,” repeated Hadur. "The
High Priest may not drink of his cup of
love until the destined hour. It is a cere-
mony of mystic union in which the Angel
Peacock shares. Even Prince Dena dare
not insult his god!”

  Sir Hugh bowed his head to his hands
again, and Hadur’s eyes mirrored his own
agony, as he stared bleakly before him.

  "Ya habiby!” he murmured under his
breath. "Ah, my beloved! Cursed be he
who hath set this darkness in thy path!
May the devils he serves rend his soul
from his body, and send it shrieking down
to hell. Wa hyat rukbaty, I will follow
him to the deepest pit of Gehenna, if he
brings that youth and beauty to the dust.
Allah be my witness! Allah hear me!
Give strength to thy servant! Hear me,
hear me, thou just and compassionate
One!”

  He sat very still, striving to master the
tide of love and agony that overwhelmed
312

WEIRD TALES

him, striving to find a gleam of hope in
the darkness.

6.	The Altar of Melek Taos

As sardanapalus, King of Babylon,

l	had feasted with his Magi, and
women, and favorites, and all the syco-
phants of a fabulously wealthy court, so
did the Prince Dena ibn Zodh, in his
black and scarlet robes of ceremony, sit
with Evadne at his side on the night of
sacrifice.

   Wild beasts, controlled by the magnet-
ic power of the Magi, rolled in luxurious
ease on silken rugs; the great tables
gleamed with jewelled goblets and golden
dishes; a thousand instruments mingled
with the clamor of a thousand tongues;
waves of intoxicating perfumes were
wafted up from vaults beneath the palace;
myriads of lamps winked and blazed
from roof and walls and pillars. At in-
tervals a dancer would float out on to the
great white marble circle of floor, round
which the tables were grouped, veiled
only in her cloud of hair, and moving
like a blown leaf before the wind would
draw an outburst of applause that set
the great beasts roaring until the domed
hall rang.

   Vast, sinister, marvellous as the dreams
of a hashish-eater, the long orgy at last
drew to an end. The revellers lay back
amidst their cushions, while Prince Dena
rose from his place and led Evadne to
the center of the enclosed circle. ,

  He held up a hand, and silence fell
over the entire multitude of feasters; not
even a beast but seemed suddenly turned
to a lifeless statue.

  Sir Hugh Willett and Hadur, who had
sat watchful and silent during the long
revel, eating only enough to give them
strength, and drinking no wine, looked
up with tightening nerves as the destined
Bride stood facing the vast assembly.

  A single garment of marvellously-
wrought gold tissue outlined her lovely
slenderness. Her shining head was bound
with a richly jewelled circlet of gold,
and over her eyes its clasp glittered bright
and evil in the myriads of lamps. So
brilliant were the gems that formed this
clasp that it had all the effect of a living
flame, and Sir Hugh shuddered as he saw
the hateful familiar symbol of Melek
Taos flash, and flash again above Evadne’s
dreaming misted eyes.

  "The Hour is at hand!” The High
Priest's ringing tones pierced even the

wine-sodden senses of the revellers. "This

                                                              i

is my Hour, my Hour of love, my Hour
of fulfilment, the Hour of mystic com-
munion with Melek Taos, when he in
me, and I in him, rejoice in the Bride!

  "Follow!” he continued, turning his
burning gaze around the entire circle.
"Follow, that you may worship at the
great altar of Melek Taos; that you may
see the Angel Peacock descend in living
Fire—awful, transcendent, inexplicable!
Follow! The Hour is come!”

  "Not yet, not yet!” whispered Hadur
in anguished appeal, as his companion
gathered himself up for attack. "You
may destroy her body and soul if you
strike too soon. It must be done before
the altar.”

  But, crazed with the torture of long
imaginings, Sir Hugh was deaf to Hadur’s
pleading. He snatched up a long curved
knife from a table and rushed across the
marble floor with a swift silent ferocity
that came within an ace of success. A
black panther, however, lolling at ease
within that circle, saw the flying figure
and sprang like an arrow from a mighty
bow. Man and beast together rolled at
the feet of the High Priest, gleaming
fang and gleaming knife matched in a
death struggle.

  The High Priest smiled. Evadne stared
THE ALTAR OF MELEK TAOS

313

with a heart-breaking blankness in her
eyes. The revellers stood up, cheering
and laughing. The other beasts drew
near, their heads flattened, their tails
switching slowly. There was a fierce pro-
longed snarl, a choking cough, and the
panther suddenly lay very still, a pool of
blood spreading over the white marble
floor.

  Sir Hugh staggered to his feet, and
advanced, with his dripping knife still
clasped in one shaking hand, his eyes
on his dreaming, spellbound wife. The
High Priest smiled again, stretching out
one jewelled forefinger toward the dis-
hevelled figure.

  Instantly the lamp-flames, from end to
end of that vast room, flared up to the
very roof; a peal of thunder shook the
crystal goblets and golden dishes from
the tables; the beasts cowered in abject
terror; and Sir Hugh, as if struck by some
terrible force, was sent hurtling and
crashing across the floor to Hadur’s side,
where he lay limp as a half-emptied sack
of meal.

  With loud drunken laughter, the feast-
ers turned to follow Prince Dena, in his
black and scarlet robes, with a five-
pointed star—the Seal of Solomon—fas-
tened in the silken folds of his turban,
and the symbol of Melek Taos in rubies
on his breast.

  Hadur half carried, half dragged the
semi-conscious Sir Hugh after the laugh-
ing, intoxicated crowd. Down endless
corridors and flights of steps they went,
until they reached the great vaulted
chambers beneath the palace; and thence
a subterranean passage cut from the solid
rock led to the immense vaults beneath
the temple. From one cave-like chamber
to another the High Priest led the silent,
lovely Bride.

  The cooler air revived Sir Hugh. He

leaned less heavily on Hadur, and breathed
more easily.

  "Where is she? Where is she?” he
asked hoarsely.

  "There, walking ahead of us!”

  The Prince was leading Evadne up a
long flight of steps, the crowd at their
heels. Hadur and Sir Hugh, now almost
himself again, began to push through
the drunken, indifferent mob. They were
not far from the leaders of it, when a
brilliant light broke up the vaulted dark-
ness, and Hadur whispered:

  'The Red Altar of Melek Taos!”

  They had arrived at the top of the
steps, where a row of huge squat pillars
stood outlined against a crimson glare
from within. The two passed between
the pillars and found themselves in a co-
lossal underground chapel, whose walls
and floor and roof gleamed in brilliant
fiery scarlet. After the long dark pas-
sages, with their few lamps, it was some
minutes before they could get a clear im-
pression of their surroundings.

  Pillars ran along three sides of the
chapel, with torches fastened to them. In
the fourth wall an immense shrine was
hollowed out, running deeply back, and
sunk in a semi-circular basin below the
level of the floor. In the center of the
shrine stood a figure of some insoluble
glittering metal, half man, half bird, its
head crowned, its wings outspread and
curved before its body; its hands and
arms were human, its legs scaled and end-
ing in monstrous daws.

  From the hollowed base, on every side
of the figure, rose luminous, blue-tipped
Fire. With the roar of many waters, the
incandescent sheets of flame stretched up
to lick the lofty roof. It burned with the
hum and fierce song of ageless strength
and mystery—unapproachable, irresisti-
ble, unconquerable Fire!
314

WEIRD TALES

The Prince looked at the Bride he
had brought to the sacrifice—the
proud, shining head, the marvellous ten-
der beauty of eyes and molded lips, the
slender matchless symmetry of limbs and
body, but above all the spark in her of
that divine fire that did not fail or die
before the source of its inspiration. Never
before had the High Priest brought a
Bride to the Altar of Melek Taos without
seeing her beauty dwindle and become as
insignificant as that of a mere painted
doll.

  His breath quickened. He watched
her, fascinated, unbelieving, incredulous
that any woman could stand in the terri-
ble brilliance of that borrowed Fire from
heaven and draw from it an added glory
to herself. He stepped back to watch
her, to engrave on his memory the image
of this perfect Bride, before he broke the
lovely mold and offered it here on the
great Altar.

  The roystering mob was awed by the
sublime spectacle before them. They
drew back toward the walls, back from
that unleashed quivering force, the naked
pure element from which all life sprang,
and to which all life must finally return.
They blinked afraid, ashamed, knowing
themselves for beasts, and less than beasts,
before that clean and living flame.

  Evadne stood silent and enthralled by
the edge of the fountain of Fire. By her
side Prince Dena waited, enthralled also
by the unexpected sublimity of this Hour
of Love, the radiant figure of the golden
Bride appearing as the very spirit of the
Fire itself. A passion of desire rose in
him, as swift, as fierce, as all-devouring
as the lightnings that he gathered in the
hollow of his hand.

  For the first time he regretted the ex-
igencies of his office as High Priest, and
the necessity of yielding up that fair and

lovely body to the fiery embrace of Melek
Taos after his one brief Hour of love.

  He made an impatient gesture to his
Magi, as a sign that they should perform
their usual duties. They made the seven-
fold obeisance, and moved about the
chapel to extinguish the torches and spread
a thick carpet of crimson rose petals be-
fore the Altar. The Prince stood with
eyes on Evadne, oblivious to the rest.

  Sir Hugh and Hadur edged nearer and
nearer to the Altar. No one prevented
them, or noticed them at all, and they
bided their time watchfully. Hadur
whispered low and earnestly to his com-
panion, under cover of the deep humming
song of the Fire, and the latter listened
with a faint gleam of hope in his eyes.
He did not understand the full extent of
the plan suggested, he did not realize
what Hadur’s r61e was to be. Nor did
Hadur mean him to understand.

  To save Evadne was the one thought
that dominated them both. Sir Hugh
was in no state of mind to worry about
details. There seemed a last chance—he
would take it!

  "El mektoub, mektoub!” murmured
Hadur to himself, and watched Evadne
with eyes that took a long farewell.

Prince dena advanced to the Altar,
leading Evadne by the hand, and
standing before the fire-encircled image
of Melek Taos, he cried:

  "O Master, behold the Bride!”

  The Fire sank down to the floor at his
clarion call, seeming to abase itself at the
feet of the great Magus who could com-
mand it.

"O mighty One! O Melek Taos! O Ruler of
  Earth!

Bend from thy throne to accept this sacrifice.

In mystic communion do thou live in me, as I
   in thee!

The Hour is mine! The Hour is thine!

The Joy is mine! The Joy is thine!

Be that which thou art, and thou shalt be!

Cover me with the splendor of Eloim and Ischim!
THE ALTAR OF MELEK TAOS

315

By the Very Voice of Fire, I hail thee, Bright

   Spirit!

Melek Taos! Melek Taos! Melek Taos! ElVay!”

  At the last word the Fire sprang fiercer
and brighter than before. The hum of
the flames became a triumphant song.

  The High Priest turned his back to the
Altar and faced the people.

  "Open the doors, O Magi! And ye,
worshippers - at the shrine, depart and
leave me to my Hour! When that is
passed”—the voice of Prince Dena sank
to its deepest note, his burning eyes veiled
for a moment by their heavy lids—"then
ye shall return to witness the sacrifice. In
the name of Melek Taos, I bid thee go.”

  Hadur and Sir Hugh were now very
close to the Altar. They stood tensed in
every muscle, while the crowd about them
streamed toward the open doors.

  The High Priest stood with eyes on
Evadne, enchanted, utterly oblivious to all
else. He took one step toward her. It
was his last.

  He never knew who seized him in arms
of steel, hurling him back to that sea of
living flame, over the edge of the sunken
Altar, into the heart of the singing incan-
descent Fire!

  A long shivering moan rose from the
people, as Hadur, with Prince Dena in
his arms, rolled over into the triumphant
leaping flames. For a brief moment a
blinding glare filled the cavernous chapel
to its farthermost corner as the Fire curled

and roared over its two victims, turning
them to mere blackened shells in a few
awful moments. Total darkness followed.
Not a flicker, not a vestige of the Altar
Fire lit the gloom.

  Stumbling forward with a great cry,
Sir Hugh found Evadne clinging to him,
crying, trembling, broken, helpless as a
child. Taking her in his arms, he stag-
gered on blindly. Cries and groans
sounded on every hand.

  How he found the entrance he never
knew, but he reached it at last, and fol-
lowed the subterranean' passages, where
not one single lamp gleamed now, until
a draft of fresher air guided him to a
door opening on the courtyard of the
Palace.

  The place was desolate and silent. The
guards, on this night of feasting, lay in
drunken sleep across the threshold of the
gates.

  Down the cliff path the fugitives stum-
bled, and found the car still standing in
the valley. To his intense relief and sur-
prize, Sir Hugh found it answered to bis
touch, and they reached Port Said safely
a few days later.

  They never returned to the East.
Evadne’s vague memories, and Sir Hugh’s
vivid ones, as well as their sorrow for
Hadur’s death, robbed the Orient of all
its color and romance for both of them,
for ever.
avening Monster .

By HAROLD WARD

A shuddery story about an electrocuted murderer who was raised
from the dead and revivified

THE condemned man raised his
bloodshot eyes and glared at the
newcomer angrily.

  "You another lousy preacher?” he
snarled. "Get the hell out of here!”
"Better come outside, sir, and talk to
him through the bars,” the guard whis-
pered. "He’s bad.”

  The fat man silenced him with a ges-
ture.

  "I’ve something for Mr. Fisher’s ear
alone,” he answered calmly. Then, as
the guard closed the cell door and stepped
back out of hearing: "No, Fisher, I’m
not a preacher. I care not a tinker’s damn
about the condition of your soul. It is
your body that I want.” His voice dropped
to a husky whisper. "They are going to
burn you in the morning. They’ll fry
you until your insides shrivel up like

bacon in a pan. They’ll-”

  The murderer’s fingers, stubby, gnarled,
twisted and untwisted like a den of snakes.

  "I could choke hell out of you before
the screws could get to you,” he said
speculatively. "I’ve a notion to try it.
Fat men are easy to kill. They haven’t

any wind and-”

  The newcomer shrugged his shoulders.
"We haven't time to argue the mat-
ter,” he smiled, stroking his long, white
beard. He spoke with just a trace of
German accent. "We will assume that
you are correct in your statement,” he
went on. "Now give me five minutes to
tell you my story.”

  He leaned forward so that his voice
would not carry outside the cell.

     316

  "I can save you, man! There is one
chance in a million for you to cheat death.
One chance in a million to keep that soul
of yours out of hell’s fire. Do you want
to take that chance or do you intend let-
ting the law take its course?”

  Fisher raised his matted head.

  "Say, bo, are you tryin’ to kid me?”
he growled. He pounded his thick chest
like a gorilla. "I’m bad, I am. I—but
what's the proposition?”

  The fat man chuckled. He leaned for-
ward again and tapped the other’s knee
with his pudgy forefinger.

  "Just this,” he whispered. "As I told
you a moment ago, they will shoot three
jolts of electricity into you in the morn-
ing. Everything that’s inside of you will
be burned to a crisp—heart, liver, lungs,
intestines—everything. I’m a doctor; I
know. I’m an experimenter—a scientist.
My colleagues at the university where I
once taught claimed that I was crazy—•
crazy because I dared think in advance
of the times. Many’s the time I have seen
them tap their brows when they thought
my head was turned. Now here’s the
proposition in a nutshell: I want your
body. You can sign a paper that I’ve
prepared instructing the authorities to
give it to me after they have wreaked their
vengeance on you. You have no relatives
to put in a prior claim. If I can get you
before rigor mortis sets in I believe—
believe, I say, for I do not want to de-
ceive you—that I can, by grafting within
your body the viscera of one of the lower
animals—a dog, for instance—-bring you
THE RAVENING MONSTER

317

back to life again. The chance is, as I
told you, one in a million that I will suc-
ceed. But you can afford to take that
chance, for you will be dead in any event
—so dead that the maggots will be crawl-
ing between your ribs within a month.”

  He chuckled huskily to himself. The
murderer shrank back against the wall.

  "Shut up, damn you!” he growled. "I’m
human, I am, even if I am a damned
killer.”

  The fat man chuckled again.

  "I thought that remark about the mag-
gots would put some life into you,” he
answered. "That’s what they call psy-
chology, my friend. As for you being
a human being, I doubt it. The papers
refer to you as 'The Beast’ because of
your brutality. You’ve wallowed in blood
—innocent blood. You’ve killed because
you like to see people suffer—just as a
bad boy tortures a butterfly by sticking
pins into it. You like to see people twist
and squirm and writhe under your cruel
grasp. You love the smell of rich, fresh
blood. You are an atavism—a reversion
to some prehistoric type. All in all, you

are the most brutal killer in the history
of crime-”

  The condemned man squared his shoul-
ders proudly.

  "That’s me,” he chortled. "I’ve made
a name for myself—a name that people
won’t forget for a while. Did you see
what the papers wrote about me? They
said that I-”

  The fat man stopped him with a ges-
ture.

  "My name is Kritz,” he interrupted.
"I’ve got a dog that I’ve been working
with. He’s ready for the experiment. He
is the same sort of dog that you are a man.
He, too, is a throwback—a wolf-dog—a
wild animal with slavering jaws and
greenish-yellow, bloodshot eyes. He’s an
outcast among dogs, feared and hated by
all of his kind. Even his ancestors, the
wolves, would have nothing to do with
him in the days when he ran wild. He’s
a killer, too—the sort of killer that sneaks
up from behind and strikes without warn-
ing. It’s his viscera that I intend to graft
into your body. If I succeed, I-”

"He threw up his arm, and his finger involun-
tarily pressed the trigger,"

*•

WlflSOW
318

WEIRD TALES

  He stopped suddenly and, leaning for-
ward, dropped his voice even lower than
before.

  "If I succeed, you can kill again,” he
whispered. "You can satiate yourself with
blood—wallow in it—wade in it up to
your ankles. No one will be the wiser.
For Fisher, the murderer, will be dead.
See? In his place will be a new man.
But come, the guard grows uneasy. What
do you say?”

  The killer’s eyes were gleaming bale-
fully. They were the eyes of a man who
has been drugged. His face twisted and
writhed. His teeth gnashed together like
those of a wild animal. His voice trem-
bled as he stretched forth his hand.

  "Blood! Blood!” he whispered, half
to himself. "The chance to kill again.
The chance to feel warm flesh beneath
my fingers once more and hear the gur-
gle of the dying. Give me the paper,
man! Call in a couple of screws to wit-
ness it when I sign. And then—then get
out. Get out before I choke you. I—
God! God, how I love blood!”

2

Dawn. A small, whitewashed room,
bare save for the curiously con-
structed chair with innumerable straps
and wires attached which stood on a
slightly raised platform in the center of
the floor and the dozen rude benches sur-
rounding it. On them sat men conversing
in low whispers.

  "The poor devil don’t even know his
own name,” one of the newspaper men
whispered to the man at his side. "They
say that he was conked by a bit of shrap-
nel over in France. Been balmy ever since.
But nobody knows for certain. Somebody
called him John Fisher and the name
stuck.”

  "He sure as thunder is a bloodthirsty
wretch,” the other answered. "I covered

that story of his capture. He cleaned up
on two coppers when the posse cornered
him in the cornfield after he’d killed old
man Dickinson and his wife with a hatch-
et. He’s a mental case. Government
ought to take care of him.”

  "Can’t prove service connection. No-
body to front for him at the Veterans’
Bureau. Cheaper a damn sight for the
state to fry him than stick him into the

nut-house. He-”

  The entrance of the warden brought
conversation to a sudden stop.

  The official held up his hand protest-
ingly.

  "Please stop smoking, gentlemen. Re-
member, you are here to witness an exe-
cution, not a theatrical performance. A
man is about to meet his Maker.”
Somebody tittered. He stopped sud-
denly as the door opened again and the
condemned man was brought in. There
was a dazed look on his wolfish face. On
either side walked a guard. A black-
robed priest walked ahead of him chant-
ing a paternoster from a black-bound
book.

  He snarled like a caged animal as they
shoved him into the chair and commenced
adjusting the straps. Leaning forward,
he sank his teeth into the hand of one of
the guards. The man jerked away with
a muttered oath. A newspaper man gig-
gled. The warden frowned.

  The guards stepped back with a slight
nod to the warden. He held up his hand.
The witnesses leaned forward. The man
in the chair strained jerkily at his bonds,
then dropped back. There was a slight
smell of burning flesh. . . .

3

Dawn again. In a huge room in a
great, ramshackle house set in the
midst of a dark forest a white-aproned,
pot-bellied man with long, white whis-
THE RAVENING MONSTER

319

kers worked feverishly over an operating-
table. The odor of carbolic acid and dis-
infectants filled the air.

  The old man straightened his tired
back and, laying a brightly polished in-
strument upon the porcelain-topped table
beside him, turned to the girl who was
acting as his assistant.

  "We win, Greta, my daughter!” he
cried exultingly, removing his rubber
gloves and throwing them atop the table.
"He will live!”

   The girl dropped into a chair, her face
white and drawn.

  "God, Father, but I’m tired!” she ex-
claimed. "Eighteen hours without food
or water. And, even if we have won, what
does it all amount to?”

  The old man’s eyes burned with a
fanatical light.

  "My colleagues at the university—they
called me crazy!” he snarled. "Crazy—
me, Alexander Kritz—because I dared
to think in advance of them. This man
will prove to them whether or not I am
insane. But, no—I can not proclaim my
story to the world because he is a crim-
inal. In bringing him back to life we
have helped cheat the law. Therefore
we might be forced to pay the penalty.
But, my girl, we have the satisfaction of
knowing that we have done that which
no other human has ever done before.
The organism of the dog still palpitates
with life—throbs within the body of the
man. Absolute quiet for weeks until
every union has grown together. Think
of it! Soon the rich, warm blood will be
pulsating through the veins again—the
veins that the law destroyed. Think of
it, girl! Think of it! The dead will
walk again!”

  He dropped into a chair beside the
one occupied by his daughter and closed
his weary eyes.

4

The rain was coming down in tor-
rents. Ted Tucker, attorney at law,
glanced down at his gas gage and turned
the car in to a filling-station at the out-
skirts of the village. The attendant, clad
in slicker and high rubber boots, gave
him such attention as he required.

  "Hell of a night,” the native remarked
as he rubbed a chamois skin over the
windshield. "Goin’ far?”

  The lawyer shrugged his shoulders.
"I’ll tell you when you’ve told me
something,” he answered. "Where does
Professor Alexander Kritz live? I under-
stand that it’s somewhere close by.”

  The attendant looked at him queerly.
For an instant he made no reply as he
slowly counted out the change for a two-
dollar bill and passed it back to the other.

  "You a friend of his?” he demanded,
a peculiar expression creeping over his
weather-beaten face.

  "Hardly that,” the lawyer answered.
"I’m his attorney.”

  "Oh,” the attendant grunted, leaning
his arm atop the open window. “Peculiar
old cuss, ain’t he?”

  Tucker shook his head.

  “I’ve never met him,” he answered.
"What sort of man is he?”

   The native hesitated.

  "Folks hereabouts don’t like him,” he
said finally. "No one ever goes there.
When he first arrived he made it known
that he didn’t want company. Comes in
to town occasionally to buy his grub,
pays cash for it and goes on about his
business. The girl’s just as bad. She’s a
pretty little thing and she’s got a nice
car—buys gas here occasionally—but
when some of the boys tried to shine up
to her she cut ’em cold. They say that
they’ve got a half-wit livin’ there, too.
Maybe he’s a relative and they’re sort of
’shamed of him. They live in the old
320

WEIRD TALES

Priestly house a couple of miles back in
the woods. Foller the pavement straight
ahead till you hit a road leadin’ in
through the woods—graveled. Take it
till you come to a road to die right.
’Taint much of a road, but you can get
through it with the power you’ve got. It
leads right up to the house. It’s a big,
tumbledown affair.”

  The lawyer nodded and pressed his
foot against the starter. The attendant
stepped back as if to close the conversa-
tion. Then, as if struck by a thought, he
stepped forward again.

  ’’There’s been a lot of peculiar carry-
ings-on hereabouts,” he said soberly.
"You're a stranger, so I’d best warn you.
Jim Peasley was killed a while back—
throat ripped all to the devil like a wild
beast had done it. Few nights later Lizzie
Mumsley, ol’ Miss Dixon’s hired girl,
she got it the same way. Throat chawed
and torn. Sheriff had a posse searchin’
around, but they haven’t found nothing.
Lot of stock killed, too. Better watch
your step, mister.”

  He stuck his head in through the open
window of the car and lowered his voice.

  "A lot of folks blame Kritz, although
I don’t see what he’s got to do with it.
But people will talk, you know.”

  Tucker displayed the handle of a re-
volver stuck in -the side pocket of his
raincoat.

  "I’m from Chicago,” he bragged.
"In there we have guns to cut our teeth
on when we are babies. Even the nurs-
ing-bottles are made to look like machine-
guns. I can take care of myself, but
thanks just the same.”

  The station attendant shrugged his
shoulders and turned back into the
warmth and security of his little station.

The lights of the machine brought
out a side road leading off from the
pavement. Tucker slowed down. Grav-

eled though it was, it looked little bet-
ter than a track rambling through the
foliage of two hills. He turned onto it.
The headlights showed up every hole in
the gravel, every tiny pond of water,
every shadowy stone, making them look
more dangerous than they really were.
The lightning flashed incessantly, inter-
mingled with the steady rumble of thun-
der. In spite of the windshield-wiper, he
was forced to travel at a snail’s pace.

  Ahead of him was the wood. The
jagged flashes of lightning which con-
stantly split the sky brought out every
tree and bush in bold relief. The head-
lights showed the side road turning off
from the graveled thoroughfare. He
cautiously turned his machine onto it. It
was muddy and rough, but, as the oil
station attendant had said, he negotiated
it with little trouble, although he little
more than crept along.

  The storm was increasing in fury every
minute. The rattle of the rain upon the
top of the car and the steady rumble of
the thunder made a medley of sound in
which the exhaust of his engine took no
small part. The temperature was drop-
ping steadily. He recollected too late
that the heater was disconnected. He
was benumbed—half frozen.

  The lane—it was little more than a
tunnel through the trees, so heavy was
the foliage—twisted sharply to the left.
Ahead of him loomed a huge pile of
masonry. The headlights played over the
wet, vine-covered stone; it looked like
an Old World castle. One window only
showed a light; it was dim and blurred
as if the shade had been pulled tightly
against the flash.	. -

  He turned his spotlight against the
door. Finally he located it—a huge
affair of dark wood at the end of a flag-
stone path edged with bushes and weeds.
The whole place, seen through the dark-
ness and rain, had a distinct air of bleak-

                     W. T —2
THE RAVENING MONSTER

321

ness and inhospitality. He put it down
to the storm and, climbing stiffly out of
the car, faced the fury of the elements.
Outside the car he found the tumult
was worse than he had expected. The
force of the wind fairly lifted him off his
feet. The night was filled with the con-
stant rumble of the thunder, and the
roar of the breeze through the trees com-
bined with the ceaseless downpour of
the rain. The sky was torn by incessant
flashes of lightning. In spite of the
raincoat he was soaked by the time he
negotiated the narrow path to the door.

  A man leaped out of the shadow of
the bushes and cautiously approached.
He was almost upon the lawyer. The lat-
ter caught a glimpse of him as an un-
usually bright stroke of lightning split
the heavens—a glimpse of a hairy face,
of gleaming, bloodshot eyes, of lips
drawn back over gleaming teeth in a
wolfish snarl.

 "Are you-”

  The man leaped back. An instant later
he was swallowed up by the blackness of
the forest.

5

Tucker shuddered. Turning, he
brought his knuckles against the
panel. There was no answer. Cursing
under his breath, he beat his fist against
the wood agairf and again. From inside
came a peculiar clcmp-clomp-clomp.
Suddenly it ceased. He could feel—
actually feel—that some one was stand-
ing on the other side of the door listen-
ing. Angrily, he brought his knuckles
against the door again.

  "Who is it?” a quavering voice de-
manded. It was not the palsied quaver
of an old person, but, rather, the trem-
bling voice of some one in mortal terror.

  "Tucker!” he answered above the
crash and tumult of the storm. "Is this
W. T.—3

the residence of Professor Alexander

Kritz?”

  For a moment there was no reply.
Then a chain rattled and a bolt was
drawn from its hasp. The door was
pulled back a tiny crack and an eye
peered through the opening.

  "Who did you say it was?” the fear-
laden voice demanded again.

  "Tucker!” the lawyer roared, thorough-
ly angry by this time. "If you are Profes-
sor Kritz, then I am the lawyer you tele-
graphed for this morning. I am a mem-
ber of the firm of Tucker, and Wakeman.
My partner, Mr. Wakeman, was unable
to come. If you are not Professor Kritz,
then I will be on my way and to hell
with you. I don’t intend to stand out
here in this storm all night debating the
question.”

  The man on the other side muttered
something. Then the door was slowly
drawn back far enough for the visitor to
squeeze through the opening, only to be
slammed shut again with force enough
to jar the house. The bolt was slipped
back into its hasp and the chain snapped
into place. The lawyer brushed the water
from his eyes and stood staring at a fat
man dressed in an andent dressing-gown
—a man slightly past middle age, with
long, white whiskers, and beady eyes that
blinked at him through thick-lensed
glasses. He was walking on crutches,
which accounted for the clomping sound.
In his right hand he held a huge re-
volver with which he covered his visitor
threateningly, balancing himself on the
crutches, one foot held several inches
above the floor.

  "Do you always receive your visitors
this way?” Tucker demanded.

  The fat man stuck the weapon into
the folds of his gown and extended a
hand for him to shake—a flabby, fish-like
hand covered with red hair and stained
with chemicals.
322

WEIRD TALES

  “I must beg your pardon, sir," he said
finally, gazing at the newcomer from
under his shaggy brows. "I—well, to be
honest, I had expected to see Wakeman
and I—I am in danger here. Mortal
danger. God alone knows what danger
I am in.”

  He hesitated. Then:

  "That is why I did not let you in im-
mediately,” he went on. "I am forced to
maintain a veritable fortress here.”

  The lawyer nodded comprehendingly.
"Come to me at once," the message had
said. "Please do not delay. It is a mat-
ter of life and death."

  "Mr. Wakeman was taken suddenly
ill,” he answered soberly. "Otherwise
he would have responded in person to
your wire. In view of the fact that you
seemed in extreme haste, he believed it
better to send me than to wait until he
was recovered.”

  Kritz shrugged his fat shoulders. Turn-
ing, he led the way down a narrow, bare
hall lighted by a single kerosene bracket
lamp. Suddenly he stopped and, turning
to the other, dropped his voice to a husky
whisper.

  "Did you see anything when you came
in?” he questioned. "Or hear anything—
unusual?”

  The lawyer nodded briefly.

  “A man. He dodged out of the bushes
at my approach. For an instant I thought
that he meant to attack me, or speak to
me. Then, as I turned, he dodged back
into the forest. Why? I had heard that
you had a—well, a man with you who

was slightly off and-”

  Kritz halted him with that peculiar
gesture of his.

  "Never mind,” he said bruskly. "I
will explain later.”

  He led his visitor to a door and, turn-
ing the knob, ushered him inside. Tucker
rightly surmised that it was through the
window of this room that the light had

filtered, for a huge desk lamp illuminat-
ed all of the vast interior. A partition
wall had been torn out between two large
rooms, the result being a vast space
filled almost to overflowing with books
and laboratory apparatus. The walls were
lined with heavy tomes. In a distant cor-
ner was a sink in front of which stood a
porcelain-topped table. Several shelves
were laden with bottles and retorts and
other chemical paraphernalia.

Tucker removed his sodden coat and
hat at a sign from Kritz and threw
them across a chair. Indicating another,
the fat man motioned his visitor to be
seated. He was about to seat himself on
the other side of the desk, when he sud-
denly recollected himself.

  "In my excitement I forget my duties
as host,” he apologized. "You have not
yet dined?”

  The lawyer shook his head.

  "I did not stop because of (he storm,”
he answered.

  Kritz picked up his crutches and started
toward the door.

  "Your pardon, sir,” he exclaimed. “I
will summon Greta, my daughter, and
ask her to prepare a lunch and some hot
coffee. You will need it after your soak-
ing. We live alone, Greta and I, because
of the confidential nature of my experi-
ments. She is my assistant.”

  He hobbled another step toward the
door, then stopped again.

  “One question,” he said suddenly. "It
is a question which may require some
thought on your part before it is an-
swered—and it is necessary that it be an-
swered immediately. I know little or
nothing of the laws of your country.
What is the penalty for bringing a man
back from the grave—a man who has
been killed by the law—executed?”
Tucker stared at him blankly.
THE RAVENING MONSTER

323

  "1—I don’t believe that I quite under-
stand you,*' he said finally.

  "Suppose that I create a man—sup-
pose that I take a dead body after the
law has wreaked its vengeance upon it
and into that bit of cold clay I again
place life? Suppose that I find that
I have created a Frankenstein monster
—a menace to society? Have I the
right, as its creator, to kill it? Or must
I turn it over to the law once more?
And if I do turn it over to the law,
what is the penalty I must pay for thwart-
ing the law’s vengeance?”

  The lawyer scratched his head dumbly.
Was the man insane? No sane man
would ask such a question.

  "Your question is more for a priest
than for a lawyer,” he answered to gain
time. "On the other hand-”

  He stopped suddenly. From outside
the window came a peculiar scratching
sound. It was like that of a cat clawing
against the side of the house or sharpen-
ing its claws on the soft, pine sash.

  Kritz jerked the revolver from his
pocket and cocked it, his hand trembling
like a leaf in the wind.

  "There it is!” he whispered huskily.
"That is Fisher—the beast—the thing
that I am talking about.”

  Then came a howl—a long, shrieking,
quivering howl. It was the howl of a
wolf that has scented fresh blood. Kritz
cowered against the wall, his fat body
shaking like that of a man with the
palsy.

  It ceased suddenly. Above the noise
and crash and tumult of the storm could
be heard the sound of running feet—of
unshod feet. Pad-pad-pad, it rounded the

house.

  A hand was laid softly on the door at
the end of the hall and the knob was
turned gently. Then came a puppyish
whine—the begging whine of a young

dog that has been locked out of its ac-
customed sleeping-place.

   Then all was silent again.

6

For a moment neither man spoke. The
old man had imparted some of his
terror to his visitor. Finally, however, he
straightened himself and shrugged his
shoulders, although his teeth were still
chattering like castanets.

  "You—you understand—now,” he said
finally, wiping the sweat from his fore-
head. "You have seen him and now you
—you have heard him. It’s not like see-
ing an ordinary person. There’s—there’s
a feeling about him—an undead feeling,
if you understand what I mean. It is
just lately that I’ve noticed him. I’ve
never seen a ghost, Mr. Tucker. As a
scientist, I’ve always scouted the idea of
people coming back from the grave. But
you get the same feeling from him that
I imagine one would get from meeting a
ghost—an unnatural feeling—a feeling
of terror.

  "And now,” he went on, "I will get
my daughter. She will come down and
prepare something to eat. I dared not
let her come downstairs before, crippled
as I am and unable to defend her against
this awful thing. I had a fall a few days
ago and strained the ligaments of my
leg.”

  The lawyer turned a white, strained
face toward him.

  “Sit down, man!” he exclaimed. "Sh
down and tell me about it. What is this
terror—this thing that is holding you in
its grasp? True, I felt it, but yet I do not
understand.”

   Kritz dropped his trembling form into
a near-by chair.

   "That’s the hell of it, Tucker,” he ex-
claimed. "I don’t know. When the idea
came to me, I imagined that I was doing
324

WEIRD TALES

something wonderful for humanity—for
science. Think of it, I said to myseif—if
I succeed there will be no need for death.
One can keep going on and on and on.
We worked, Greta and I, until we were
ready to drop from exhaustion. You have
heard of Fisher, the arch-murderer? Yes?
Well, it was his body that I obtained from
the prison authorities. He willed it to me.
I promised to make him live again and
I kept my word. Into his empty shell I
grafted the viscera of a dog—the mean-
est, lowest, most vicious animal that I
could find—a canine Fisher.”

  He stopped suddenly and, leaning for-
ward, tapped the other’s knee with his
forefinger. His voice dropped to a hoarse
whisper.

  "Kish, the wolf-dog, accursed of his
kind, now lives within the body of John
Fisher, the murderer!”

  “Impossible!” Tucker exclaimed.

  “Is it?” Kritz demanded. “You have
seen him. You have heard him sniffing
at the window, seeking to gain an en-
trance. No, Tucker, it is not impossible.
I am a creator—as great as God himself.
Only, just as God created in the Devil a
thing that he was unable to control, so
have I created this monster and he has
gotten beyond me.

  “For weeks after the operation of join-
ing the two bo'dies I kept him under the
influence of a powerful anesthetic of my
own compounding until every nerve and
muscle and tissue knit together into a
homogeneous whole. Heart, lungs—
everything burned out by the powerful
electric current—were removed. In their
place I grafted the organs of Kish. Just
as Burbank created his wonders of the
plant world, so I created the wonder of
the animal kingdom—a living being,
half man, half dog.

  "My great problem was to keep him
quiet so that everything would knit to-
gether and, at the same time, keep dis-

solution from setting in. That is why I
first compounded the anesthetic of which
I spoke. And, too, I was obliged to use
artificial respiration. It was not until two
months had passed that I dared allow
him to sit up and move of his own voli-
tion.

  "Not until it was too late did I realize
what I had done. He proved, at the end
of the initial period, to be nothing but a
mass of flesh and blood with apparently
no brain. Of course, the electric current
destroyed his brain cells. I attempted to
graft a bit of gray matter from the skull
of the dog onto his brain pan, but appar-
ently without result. Yet there must have
been a few cells that lived, since he talks
after a fashion and, up to a certain point,
is able to reason. I proved one thing
conclusively; his skull had at one time
been caved in. There must have been a
pressure against his brain. That was
probably what caused him to run amuck.”

  Again he filled and lighted his long,
German pipe. Tucker felt in his pocket
for a box of matches and a package of
cigarettes. Lighting one, he leaned bade
in his chair and waited for the old man
to continue.

  Suddenly the pipe clattered to the
floor as Kritz leaped to his feet and groped
once more among the folds of his gown
for the revolver.

  "Listen!” he whispered hoarsely. "Hear
him?”

  Above the clamor and tumult of the
storm came that peculiar puppyish whine
again. Then the scratching at the win-
dow.

  Kritz automatically jerked the trigger
of his revolver. The leaden slug embed-
ded itself harmlessly in the wall a foot to
one side of the window.

  A bestial growl! Then the sound of
feet padding away in the distance.

  A woman screamed.

  "Father! Father! My God, what is it?”
THE RAVENING MONSTER

325

  The old man hobbled to the door*

  "He—he was at the window again,
Greta,” he called up the stairway. "Have
no fear. Mr. Tucker is with me.”

Turning back into the room, he re-
seated himself and picked up the
pipe with trembling fingers.

, "This—this sluggish mass of meat that
I have stolen from the grave, Mr. Tucker,
is—I hardly know how to describe him
to you. He is neither man nor dog. God,
what ugly beasts they both were! Fisher,
a bloodthirsty butcher, a killer of the
worst criminal type. A man devoid of
fear, living only to shed blood. Even in
the death cell he cursed and raved like a
maniac when they went to lead him to
the chair. He bit the hand of one of the
guards and shrieked with pleasure, they
say, at sight of the red blood. Once in
his cell he struck a priest who attempted
to console him. He went to his death
with a vile oath on his lips. And Kish,
the most vicious animal of the northland,
hated by man and beast, half wolf, half
dog—a slinking killer. . . .

  "The union of the two of them is noth-
ing but an inert gob of fat and muscle
seemingly content to bask in the sun and
blink his heavy eyes when any one comes
near. But you have heard, my friend. He
is not so dumb as he appears. But I
digress.”

  He sucked meditatively at his pipe for
a moment before continuing.

  "Two months ago,” he went on, "while
I was in the village buying supplies I
learned that one of the villagers had lost
a valuable calf. He believed that a wild
dog was running amuck. I paid little at-
tention to his tale.

  "Then a dozen sheep were killed in a
near-by field. Next morning I noticed
blood on Fisher’s hands. And, too, there
was a peculiar muttony odor on his clothes.
I questioned him, but he only grinned

back at me idiotically. Exasperated, I
seized a whip and beat him. He merely
cowered in a corner and howled like a lit-
tle child. I threw down the whip, dis-
gusted at myself. It was asinine to think
that this brainless monstrosity had killed
those animals! He was as dumb and
harmless as a sheep himself. Yet the
blood—it made me think.

  "Next, a man was killed. His body
was torn to bits and his throat cut and
slashed. The farmers searched the coun-
tryside for traces of a wild animal—
some ferocious beast that was doing the
killing. They found nothing.

  "But listen, my friend. Next morning
when I went to the bowl to wash I found
traces of blood on the sides. Fisher had
learned his lesson. He was crafty; The
beating I had given him when I found
blood on his hands had taught him the
lesson of cunning.

  "I beat him again. I whipped him un-
til the gore dripped in streams from the
cuts across his back. He made no effort
to fight back. I was still his master, see?
He had not yet learned that I was weaker
than he. That is true with all of the lower
animals. In his half-witted way he tried
to tell me that he had done nothing
wrong. Again I was almost tempted to
believe him—to believe that he was the
victim of some strange chain of circum-
stances. For it is difficult, my friend, to
conceive such a thing—an inert, sluggish
mass of flesh and blood—a thing ap-
parently contented to sit and stare aim-
lessly into vacancy—to believe that such
a thing can be so clever—so diabolically
cunning.

  "Had I forgotten his record? you ask.
No. But remember, Tucker, that Fisher,
the arch-murderer, v/as dead—electro-
cuted. Out of his body and that of Kish,
the wolf-dog, I had created this mon-
strosity. I had expected something dif-
ferent. And like all experimenters, when
326

WEIRD TALES

an experiment turns out to be a failure, I
threw the result aside. Fisher was a dif-
ferent sort of man from this thing—a
wild animal, ferocious, a devil incarnate.
Kish was of the same, type, only there
was a subtle streak in him. This thing
of my creation had none of the character-
istics of either. No, I could not believe
that this stupid mass, even though a com-
bination of the two, could be the soft-
footed, quick-striking thing that was ter-
rorizing the countryside.”

  Again he smoked a moment in silence.
Then:

  "It was the calendar that revealed the
truth to me. One day I glanced at it idly.
The thought flashed across my brain that
the night the man was killed the moon
had been dark. The night the sheep were
killed there was no moon. The same thing
was true the night the calf was slashed
and tom and mangled.

  "Some atavistic streak in Fisher—some
throwback in Kish, the wolf-dog—when
combined causes this thing I have created
to run, to kill, to destroy only when there
is no moon. Now do you understand?”
Tucker leaned forward, his face betray-
ing the interest he felt.

  “I think that I do,” he answered. "It

is your opinion, then, that-”

  His cuff caught on the window-shade.
The spring, released, shot the shade to
the roller.

  Pressed against the glass was a face—
the face of a monster. Dark, hairy, with
little eyes, bloodshot and glaring, the
thick lips drawn back over yellowish teeth
of enormous size, it was the face of a fiend
out of hell. The rain-soaked hair was
dripping and matted. The nose was flat,
the nostrils of extraordinary size.

  The lawyer leaped to his feet with a
shriek. He jerked at the gun in his pocket
and brought it to play on the window.
But too late. The thing had disappeared.

Again he heard the pad-pad-pad of feet
in the distance. Then the dismal, wailing,
wolf-like howl.

7

Kritz, shaking like a wind-blown leaf,
. was still sitting in his chair as Tuck-
er, stretching forth his arm, drew the
shade down again.	•„ ,

  "God! What a face?” he exclaimed.
"It was the face of a devil, a gargoyle,

a—a-”

  He hesitated, at a loss for words. The
old man took the sentence out of his
mouth.

  "The face of a thing made by human
hands and not by the Creator,” he said
solemnly, stilling his chattering teeth for
an instant. "I am glad, Mr. Tucker, that
you have seen him again. The glimpse
you had of him when you entered gave
you no conception of what he is. You
will understand my problem better now.
Remember, too, that there is no moon to-
night. That and the darkness and the
storm is why he is—why he is as he is.
Tomorrow, should the sun come out, he
may be altogether different—a listless
thing of almost inanimate flesh.”

  He picked up his pipe again and, fill-
ing it, stuffed the tobacco into the bowl
with his fat forefinger, his eyes wearing
a strained, far-away look. Finally, light-
ing it, he turned to the lawyer again.

  "Since you have thus seen him, I will
make the remainder of my story short.
Suffice to say that his next victim was an
innocent country girl. They found her
mutilated body along the roadside. I will
not go into the harrowing details. Again
it was in the dark of the moon. Resolved
to take no chances, I had locked him up.
But he broke down the door and made
his escape. Since then he has remained
outside. The bit of brain inside his head
tells him that he has done wrong. Time
after time I have caught him prowling
THE RAVENING MONSTER

327

about. But the streak of diabolical cun-
ning in his makeup warns him that the
revolver with which I have armed myself
is dangerous and he takes no chances.

  "Where does he hide? I do not know.
It is seldom that he shows himself in the
daytime. I have been living in a torment
of fear, not only for myself, but also for
Greta. Hurrying from one part of the
house to another, I sprained my leg by
falling. The injury made me more help-
less than ever.

   "I have had it in my mind to flee—to
take my daughter and hasten to a place
of safety, for I am certain that he intends
to kill us both. Instinct tells him that I
have done him an injury in bringing him
back from the grave. How do I know
this? That I can not tell, only I do know
it. But is it right that I should go away
and leave the devilish thing free to prey
upon the unsuspecting country people?
And I dare not tell them what and who
he is for fear of the punishment they will
mete out to me for bringing such a mon-
ster into their midst.”

  He stretched forth his hand appeal-
ingly.

   "I know so little of the law, Mr. Tuck-
er. My entire life has been devoted to
scientific pursuits. What can they do to
me for bringing this arch-fiend—this man
killed by the law of the land—back to
life?”

   Tucker hesitated. Kritz waited an in-
stant, then went on.

   "That is why I sent the wire to Wake-
man. He has always transacted my busi-
ness for me. It was he who purchased
this tumbledown house for me in order
that I might carry on my experiments in
seclusion.

   "This morning a hunter passed through
the woods. He had several dogs with
him. Fisher kept out of sight. I took a
chance and, opening the door, hailed the

fellow. I gave him a dollar and asked
him to send a message to Wakeman. He
looked at me queerly when he read what
I had written and acted as if he doubted
my sanity. I forced a laugh and told him
that the message was in code—that the
words had no meaning to any one who
did not have the key. He went on his
way, apparently satisfied.

  "Fisher came out of the bushes where
he had been hiding and started stalking
the man. His teeth were bared and his
lips were flecked with foam. I thought
for a moment that he was about to leap
upon the poor devil. T was on the verge
of shouting a warning. I had never seen
him—the beast—act that way in the day-
time before. It was the blood lust, I
imagine—or he was hungry. I should
have told the hunter—called his atten-
tion to the thing that was sneaking up
behind him. He would have shot in self-
defense and my problem would have
been solved. But something held me
back. Then it was too late, for the sight
of the dogs drove the devilish thing back
to cover and the hunter went on his way
without knowing the dreadful peril that
had threatened him.”

  He stopped again, licking his parched
lips with his moist tongue.

   "I forget my duties as host,” he apolo-
gized. "I will call Greta at once. She will
make some coffee and arrange a lunch for
you. It will do you good after the soak-
ing you have been through. I will be
gone but a short time, but I must remain
with her in the kitchen. I—I dare not
leave her there alone.”

  He stopped suddenly. From outside
came a shrieking laugh—a wild, maniacal
howl of glee. It rose above the noise and
tumult of the storm, ending in a wild,
animal-like screech—the call of a wolf
that scents its kill.

  Then again silence. Ominous, por-
tentous silence broken only by the steady
328

WEIRD TALES

downpour of the rain and the rumble of
the thunder.

8

Tucker heard the girl come running
down the stairs in response to her
father’s call. That she had been waiting
for the summons was apparent. Then
he heard the kitchen stove being stirred
into life and the clatter of dishes.

  There was a sudden crash. The tinkle
of broken glass. A scream of mortal
agony. The dull rear of a revolver. A
woman’s shrill scream again; it was cut
off in the middle.

  Again that shrieking, maniacal laugh,
then the wolfish howl. This time it was
the howl of the wolf that has made its
kill and is sating itself in fresh, warm
blood.

   Tucker leaped to his feet, his hair ris-
ing like the quills of a porcupine. He
jerked his automatic from his pocket. A
single bound took him to the door. Open-
ing it, he stepped out into the hall.

  Silence. Silence save for the howling
of the storm and the machine-gun patter
of the rain as it beat against the roof. A
draft swept through the narrow passage-
way; the bracket lamp guttered and
smoked. Its flickering caused fantastic
shadows to leap and dance upon the
plastered walls.

   For an instant he stopped and listened,
his heart beating like a trip-hammer.
Far in the rear was an open door. He
approached it on tiptoe. Through it came
a feeble, flickering light. He stopped just
outside. Again that sinister silence. Then
a dull, throaty, bestial growl—the growl
of a wild animal that is worrying its prey
and defies interference.

  He leaped through the opening. The
scene etched itself upon his brain with
photographic clearness. The window
broken; the glass scattered upon the

floor. Through the opening the wind
howled and roared and the rain splat-
tered. A table covered with partly filled
dishes. Upon it a glass, kerosene lamp,
its chimney knocked off and broken, the
pieces scattered over the oilcloth-covered
table-top and upon the rough board floor.
A huge cook stove in which a wood fire
spit and crackled in emulation of the
storm outside. The stove door was open;
the dancing flames cast a mellow glow
over the whole interior.

  Just inside the door lay Kritz. His
crutches were by his side. His fat, chem-
ical-stained fingers grasped the handle of
his revolver. His throat was torn. From
his jugular vein spurted a stream of blood;
his massive body lay in a great, ever-
widening pool of it; his long, white
whiskers were smeared with it. His eyes,
wide open, stared up through the thick
lenses of his spectacles like bits of dull
agate.

  On the other side of the room lay a
girl. In life she must have been beautiful.
Now her clothes were torn. The white,
smooth flesh of her body was bruised
and mangled.

  Over her crouched a monster—a sod-
den man-beast with long, black, matted
hair and tangled beard. He was clad only
in undershirt and overalls; from them the
water dripped in a glistening flood to
mingle with the crimson on the floor.
He was barefooted, bareheaded. His
sharp fangs were buried in the rounded
throat of the girl, while fom his lips
came the dull, bestial growl that Tucker
had heard before.

  The monster raised his shaggy head
and glared at the newcomer. Tucker in-
voluntarily noted the wound in the other’s
shoulder where Kritz’s bullet had found
its mark. From it the blood was oozing
down over the front of his wet, dirty
shirt.
THE RAVENING MONSTER

329

  For an instant neither of them made
a move. Tucker was benumbed with fear.
On ail fours the beast backed away from
his prey. His blood-stained lips were
drawn back over his yellowed fangs.
From the corners of his mouth drooled a
slaver. His long fingers worked spas-
modically. He gathered himself for a
spring.

  The lawyer tried to raise his gun. His
arms were leaden, he was hypnotized.
The thing crept toward him. From his
throat came a queer, whining noise, half
yelp, half growl. Suddenly he launched
himself.

  The lawyer threw up his arm to pro-
tect his face. At the same time his fin-
ger involuntarily pressed the trigger. He
saw the flame spurt from the muzzle of
his gun. Then the huge body landed. He
felt fingers feeling for his throat. They
closed oyer his windpipe in a throttling
grasp. He went down in a heap. . . .

  Then came oblivion.

When Tucker opened his eyes the
storm was still howling and rag-
ing. There was a weight upon his legs.
By the light of the dancing fire he saw
that it was the body of the monster. He
dragged himself from beneath it. The
shaggy, ill-shaped head was twisted to

one side. Between the eyes was a small,
round, blue-black hole edged with crim-
son.

  The body of Kritz lay where it had
fallen, only now the jaw had dropped
and the features had relaxed into a sar-
donic grin as if the whole terrible affair
were a great joke. Across the room the
girl stared glassily ceilingward.

  He leaped to his feet and ran shrieking
from the accursed place.

  His car was where he had left it. Bare-
headed, coatless, the rain smashing down
on him in a veritable cloudburst, he
jerked open the door arrd, leaping inside,
jammed his foot upon the starter. He was
still screaming hysterically as he twisted
the wheel to the right with all his strength
and threw in the clutch. The machine
leaped ahead as if it, too, shared the terror
of the night.

  The heavens were torn with the fury
of the elements. Close behind him some-
thing crashed. The odor of sulfur was
wafted to his nostrils. Upon his wind-
shield was reflected a great light. He
turned his head. The lightning had struck
the old house and the flames were mount-
ing toward the sky.

  He turned the corner onto the graveled
road and fled through the darkness and
the storm like a man accursed.
Uhe r
 ^/heraton Mirror

By AUGUST W. DERLETH

The story of a strange and unearthly revenge accomplished
from beyond the grave

BECAUSE the letter was addressed
to all of them, Miss Melora, who
was oldest, opened it. "Why, it’s
from a lawyer,” s!he said. "Talliaferro,
from a lawyer!”

  Talliaferro Pepperall nodded. "What
does i*- say?” he asked.

  Miss Tallulah, who had picked up the
envelope, looked at the postmark and
said, "From Wisconsin. Most likely
Aunt Hattie's died—she’s been sick long
enough.”

  "Oh, that’s what it is,” said Miss Mel-
ora. "And what do you think,” she went
on, looking at Talliaferro over the letter,
"she’s left us the house, and everything!”
Miss Tallulah gasped, then began to
chuckle. “Think of it, she hating us so
all these years and then leaving us every-
thing!”

  Talliaferro took out a snuff-box and
opened it gravely. "Seems likely they’d
be a catch in that somewhere. You’ve
read it carefully, have you, Melora?”
Melora looked at the letter again and
said, "We have to live there—that’s all,
it seems.” Her brow puckered a little,
then cleared again. "And that wouldn’t
be bad, would it, Talliaferro? We could
get a good price for this place, too, and
we have been in New Orleans for such
a long time now. It would be good to
go north for a little.”

"Oh, but the letter says, 'to take up
residence for the rest of your natural
lives’—and we hope that won’t be a lit-
tle,” said Talliaferro, who had taken the
330

letter from his sister’s hand and was now
reading it carefully.

  Tallulah said, “Shall we go, or not?
Seems we might as well. With all her
money, we’il be a good deal more com-
fortable than we are now.”

  Melora added, "We could even af-
ford a maid, and perhaps a butler, Tal-
liaferro.”

  Talliaferro Pepperall hesitated. "I
don’t like it,” he said. “I’ve never liked
Aunt Hattie, and I don’t see that we
should accept her money now. And, if
I must say it, I don’t think we’ve a right
to take it, after the way I’ve treated her,
and after the way she treated us since
then.”

  “You are too proud, Talliaferro,” said
Melora, and Tallulah nodded in agree-
ment.

  “Very well,” said Talliaferro. “I think
we’d better write the lawyer today.”

The Pepperalls came to Wisconsin,
and in the small town where their
Aunt Hattie had lived and died, "hating”
them, as Tallulah said, they took up resi-
dence in the old-fashioned Middle West-
ern mansion, there to live secluded lives,
as they had done in New Orleans.

  The house had two stories, and, best
of all, both back and front stairs. It was
the largest house in town, and even had
servants’ quarters; though, to be sure,
these were small and cramped. The first
floor was taken up largely by a striking
drawing-room and a too ornate dining-
THE SHERATON MIRROR

331

room. The second floor was mostly bed-
rooms. Melora, being the oldest, got
Aunt Hattie’s bedroom, the grand one
with the Sheraton mirror to the dressing-
table. And Tallulah was content with the
guest bedroom just next to her, while
Talliaferro slept some distance down the
hall.

  It took them a time to get used to the
house, which was even better than they
had hoped, despite its definite atmosphere
of past decades.

  "And just think, we could have had
all this before, but for you, Talliaferro,”
said Melora, her eves shining with pleas-

  They were standing in the drawing-
room. Talliaferro smiled reminiscently.
"It was in this very room that I insulted

her,” he said. '"What did I call her,

Melora?”

  Melora shook her head, but Tallulah
said, "I remember. You said she was a
'homely old witch’ and a 'wicked med-
dler’, and then you told her she’d be bet-
ter off dead.”

  Talliaferro nodded, remembering. "I
am still not sorry,” he said. "She de-
served it, and more. She had no business
to meddle in Father’s affairs as she did.”
He hesitated, not quite sure of himself.
"But she was not right to take it so
seriously,” he continued presently. "I
was quite young, then, and she might
have overlooked it in time.”

  "I don’t think she would have been
so angry if it hadn’t been that Father re-
fused to punish you,” said Melora slow-

"hook! The shadow in the glassJ"
332

WEIRD TALES

ly. "I do think that turned her anger into
hate finally."

  Talliaferro shrugged. "Ah, well, she’s
dead and gone now, poor soul.”

  ’’How she would enjoy hearing you
call her 'poor soul’, Talliaferro!” ex-
claimed Tallulah.

  Melora said, as if suddenly remember-
ing, "Did you ever see the letter Aunt
Hattie wrote Father just before he died,
Talliaferro?”

  “I saw no letter."

  ’’It was the most vindictive writing—
and that was years after it happened. She
said you should be punished still, and
that some day if she saw you again, she
would punish you—it would be waiting,
she promised. And Tallulah and I were
to be punished, too, for defending you.”
Talliaferro toyed with his snuff-box.
"Ah, well,” he said, "it doesn’t matter.
We’ve got much to thank her for now.”
Melora, however, was not listening.
She was looking beyond her brother into
the hall. "Will you see whether there is
some one in the hall, Tallulah?” she

asked abruptly. "I thought-”

  Tallulah went forward quickly, brushed
aside the portieres, and looked into the
hall. "There is no one here,” she said,
coming back into the room.

  Melora shrugged. "I thought I saw
some one standing there, looking in at
us from between the curtains. Couldn’t
have been the maid, could it?”

  Tallulah shook her head. "She won’t
be here until tomorrow, and the butler
comes tonight.”

  "Curious! I was sure I had seen some
one there.” She smiled uncertainly.
"Time for dinner soon,” she said, mov-
ing away toward the kitchen.

  Tallulah said, "I’ll be with you in a
moment, Melora.” Then she turned and
began to go up the front stairs, paused a
moment to call down to Talliaferro, who

was still standing in the drawing-room,
and went on.

At the top of the stairs she stood for
l a moment to look down the car-
peted hall. She was .just about to go to
her room when she saw the flirt of a satin
skirt disappearing into Melora’s room.
She went forward, thinking: I wonder
what Melora wants; she should be get-
ting dinner. Just as she came to the door
of Melora’s room, she heard a slight rus-
tling on the bade stairs; turning quickly,
she saw Melora, a little breathless, coming
up the stairs.

  "Why, Melora,” she called down in a
surprized voice. "I could have sworn I
just saw you go into your room.”

  "No, I’ve been in the kitchen, Tallu-
lah. I’ve mislaid my handkerchief some-
where, and just came up to get another,”
explained Melora, as she came toward
her sister.

  "Of course. I should have known you
weren’t wearing satin today,” said Tallu-
lah, smiling.

  Melora stopped, standing quite still.
"Satin, did you say, Tallulah?”

  Tallulah looked at her uncertainly. "I
thought I saw a satin skirt just vanishing
into your room, Melora,” she said. "I
swear I did, really.”

  Melora said, "And I thought a woman
in satin was watching us in the drawing-
room. I thought I saw her standing in
the hall.”

  Tallulah laughed weakly. "We’re see-
ing things, Melora. I think we’re too
exhausted with getting things straight-
ened up here. I’ll be glad when the maid
and butler come.”

  Melora said no more. She went quick-
ly into her room and got a handkerchief.
Together, the sisters went downstairs to
prepare dinner.
THE SHERATON MIRROR

333

A few days after the Pepperails had
taken possession, the lawyer called,
and they had some conversation over the
tea-cups. Talliaferro was not there.

  Tallulah asked, "Was Aunt Hattie
taken badly before she died?”

  The lawyer blinked a little oddly and
said, "Well, I really couldn’t say. I
wasn’t here—that is, not in the house—
at the time.”

  Melora thought the lawyer sounded
nervous, "evasive,” she said afterward.
She put in a question quickly, "Who doc-
tored her? Perhaps you can tell us that?”
The lawyer coughed and said, "Doc-
tor Mason. You’ll find him down the
street a way. But he hadn’t been to see
her for ten days before she died.”

  Tallulah protested, "But that’s sheer
neglect, I’d say.”

  Melora nodded in agreement. "It is
so,” she said. "I think we’d better see
that doctor.”

  Then the lawyer spoke again, his words
coming very reluctantly. "Why, I
thought I told you in the letter, but I
guess I didn’t, after all. You see, your
aunt had gotten somewhat better. She’d
been up, in fact, and then one day she
called the doctor and said she’d got the
pains again, and asked him to come up.
That he couldn’t do until the afternoon;
then he came.

  "She was dead when he got here. It
wasn’t his fault, because she hadn’t died
of the pains. She’d somehow managed
to—well, she tied the scarf to that chan-
delier in her bedroom—it’s pretty strong,
you see.” The lawyer finished in some
agitation.

  Melora put her cup down with nervous
fingers. Her face went suddenly white.

  "Hanged herself, did she?” said Tal-
lulah bluntly.

  The lawyer nodded.

  Melora said, "I’m glad you told us
now. I’d rather like it if you said no

word to Talliaferro, that is, my brother.
He’s not so well, and shocks aren’t good
for him.”

  "I see. I’ll say nothing, then,” said
the lawyer, smiling. "But it’s pretty well
known, of course, and you can’t keep him
from knowing for ever.”

  Melora nodded. "I suppose not, but
I’ll thank you to say nothing just the
same. We’re not that sociable that we’d
hear such talk going about very easily.”
The lawyer nodded, smiled, and talked
a little more about the change in weather
the Pepperails could expect now in Wis-
consin. He went at last, and left the
sisters sitting alone.

Tallulah gave her older sister a cu-
rious look. "It is hard to believe,
Melora. She hating us so, and then put-
ting herself out of the way to let us get
the property and all.” She fingered her
bracelet absently.

  Melora nodded. "Yes, it is strange.
I don’t understand, Tallulah. I think
there’s something wrong somewhere.”
"Oh,” said Tallulah quickly, "do you
feel it, too?”

  Melora was startled. "Feel what?” she
asked sharply. "What is it, Tallulah?”
"Nothing,” said her sister. "Nothing
—that is—yes, it is something, Melora.
There’s some one here, hiding in this
house. I can feel it, some one is watch-
ing us. It’s frightening me. I’m afraid,
Melora.”

  Melora said, "I’ve felt that, too. Some
one watching—a woman ... in black
satin.”

  Tallulah swallowed suddenly; then,
hearing footsteps in the hall beyond, bent
forward and whispered harshly, "Aunt
Hattie always wore black satin.”

  Talliaferro Pepperall came into the
room and sat down. "Lawyer just here,
was he? Have anything to say?”

  "Not much,” said Melora easily.
334

WEIRD TALES

  Tallulah rang for the maid to take
away the tea things.

  Going up the broad front stairs a little
later, Tallulah was suddenly confronted
by Melora. For a moment she was
startled. Melora motioned her to come
on more quickly.

  "An odd thing has happened,” she
said, as they went along down the hall,
“a very odd thing, Tallulah. Come into
my room; I want you to see it.”

  They went into Melora’s room, but
Tallulah could see nothing out of the
ordinary. "What is it?” she asked.

  "The mirror. Don’t you see it?” Mel-
ora was agitated.

  There was a vague dark spot in the
glass of the Sheraton mirror. Instinc-
tively Tallulah moved forward and made
an attempt to rub out the spot.

  "It won’t come out,” said Melora. "It
wasn’t there when we came here, Tal-
lulah. I don’t understand what it could
be. If you’ll look closely, you’ll see it
isn’t on the glass—it’s in the glass.”
"Likely a defect in the glass, Melora.”
"Odd that it should show itself first
now, after all these years,” said Melora
dubiously. "Aunt Hattie had the mirror
before we were bom.”

  "It is odd,” said Tallulah, going slow-
ly from the room* "but nothing to worry
about—just so it doesn’t spoil the mir-
ror.”

IN the night Tallulah heard her sis-
ter’s light tap on her door, and Melora’s
muffled voice, "Are you awake, Tallulah?”
In a moment she was out of bed and in
her dressing-gown, and in another she
had opened the door and was confronting
Melora, who was standing there in her
kimono, her face white and drawn, her
hands twisting nervously.

  "What has happened?” asked Tallulah
quickly.

  "Come into my room right away. I
want you to look at the mirror again.”
Tallulah wanted to brush aside her sis-
ter’s fear, but the expression on Melora’s
face prevented her. Without a word, she
followed her sister.

  Melora’s room was brilliantly lit. Mel-
ora strode before Tallulah, pointing
dramatically at the mirror. Tallulah
gasped. There had been a perceptible
change in the dark spot in the glass. It
had grown somewhat larger, and had
taken on a form, a vague, suggestive
shape. . . . Tallulah felt suddenly afraid,
but looking at her sister’s apprehensive
face, she knew she must not show her
own fear.

  "It looks like a reflection, doesn’t it?”
she said presently.

  Melora nodded.

  "Like something hanging in the room
somewhere,” continued Tallulah, look-
ing hard at her sister.

  "Tallulah, what are you saying!” pro-
tested Melora, but she was waiting to hear
more, was indeed eager to have Tallulah
confirm her own secret thought which she
was herself afraid to voice.

  "It looks like something hanging—
from the chandelier, I’d say.”

  At this Melora became distinctly less
agitated, seeming to breathe a little easier,
as if the recognition of some impending
danger had given way to the less fearful
thought of combating it. "Now that
we both see it, both feel that way,” she
began, smiling uncertainly, "perhaps we
can do something. I’ve thought so, watch-
ing it grow so strangely. I think we’d
better say nothing about it to any one but
ourselves—we’d best keep it from Tal-
liaferro, his heart being so bad.”

  "Of course,” said Tallulah. "But why
don’t you change your room, or sell the
mirror, Melora?”

  “Talliaferro might wonder why. Be-
THE SHERATON MIRROR

335

sides, it doesn’t do any harm, just a re-
flection like that. Not even clear.”

  "But it’s growing clear, Melora.”
Melora hesitated, considering the mir-
ror and the horrific suggestion of the
shadow in the glass. "We’ll wait and
see,” she said finally.

IT was not difficult for the sisters Pep-
perall to keep all knowledge of the
spot in the Sheraton mirror from Tallia-
ferro, but it was not as easy to prevent
his noticing the strain and uneasiness
growing daily more obvious in the con-
versation and actions of Melora and Tal-
lulah. Talliaferro soon sensed something
wrong in this curious restraint, and took
to watching his sisters surreptitiously.

  The spot in the glass grew steadily
more and more disturbing, gaining shape
daily. Melora went as little as possible
to her room, and took to going to bed
without a light, which the watchful Tal-
liaferro did not fail to notice. During all
of one day the vague reflection grew very
clear, and Miss Melora, who had gone
into the room just ahead of her sister,
screamed involuntarily at sight of the
shadow in the glass.

  "Look!” she cried. "She’s hanging
there. It’s Aunt Hattie!”

  Tallulah shrank back, tensing herself.
"It is,” she breathed. Then she took her
sister by the arm, holding her tightly,
hurting her. "Now I know why she
wanted us here. Now I know. She hating
us all the time. When Talliaferro sees
her, the shock—oh, she knew, she knew!”
Talliaferro appeared suddenly in the
doorway. "Seeing things again, are you,
Melora?" He frowned at his sisters. "I
don’t understand what ails you,” he went
on in an almost petulant voice. "I over-
heard you talking days ago. I think
you’d better see a doctor. It’s madness
coming over you.”

  "Madness! Of course, it’s madness,”
said Melora abruptly, her voice strident,
forgetting to think of Talliaferro’s heart.
"It may well be. I can see something
hanging there. Look at it. Look into the
mirror. It’s there. I know it is. Tallia-
ferro, look into the mirror.”

  Talliaferro came forward to her side
and looked over her shoulder.

  "Can you see it?” breathed Melora.
"Tell me you can see it, Talliaferro.”
Talliaferro looked at her queerly and
said, "I can see it.”

  "What is it? Tell me. I’ve been seeing
it for days, now. It’s’ worse afternoons,
seems, and at night. Tell me, isn’t it—
Aunt Hattie?"

  Talliaferro said, "I don’t know what
it could be.”

  And Melora, hearing this, knew sud-
denly that Talliaferro could not see Aunt
Hattie hanging there at all, and he the
one she’d hated most all her life.

  Talliaferro spoke to Tallulah when
they were alone together somewhat later.
"I’m afraid your sister's losing her mind,
Tallulah,” he said without preamble. "It’s
that confounded mirror—she sees things
there.”

  Tallulah said, "Yes, I’ve seen the same
thing.” She tried to keep her voice calm,
but it trembled just a little in apprehen-
sion at his reaction.

  "Are both of you mad?”

  Tallulah looked at him, her eyes sud-
denly cold. "If you want to call it that,
Talliaferro—yes!”

Talliaferro pepperall left his sis-
ter and stamped up the stairs to his
room. He was thinking: She hated me
most, she hated me most; and he could
not understand that this madness should
come to Melora and Tallulah, sparing
him. When he heard Melora going down
the stairs, he crept silently the length of
the hall to her room.
336

WEIRD TALES

  He pushed open the door and looked
at the mirror. There was nothing there.
He went back to his room, disturbed.

  Downstairs, Melora was speaking to
Tallulah. "Why can’t he see it?” she
asked. "Why can’t he see it?”

  "Oh, don’t you see, Melora? Don’t
you see? If it grew on him day by day,
perhaps he’d get used to it. But if it
came to him suddenly, abruptly. .. . Don’t
you see now?”

  "You mean, that suddenly she will let
him see her there? And his heart . . .
oh, God, Tallulah, do you think she
would—do that?”

  Tallulah nodded, pursing her lips
grimly. "She hated him terribly. And
she promised that his punishment would
be waiting for him—here.”

  Melora drew herself together. ''I’m
going to smash that glass, Tallulah.”
Talliaferro Pepperall went once more
down the hall, pushed open the door of
Melora’s room, and looked again at the
mirror. There was a reflection there—a
reflection of something hanging in the
glass, and as he looked, it swung around
and looked at him. It was Aunt Hattie.
Talliaferro pulled the door shut and ran
to his room, his heait beating wildly. I
didn’t see k there, he thought; no, I
didn’t! Then, abruptly, he ran down the
stairs to tell his sisters that he, too, had
seen.

  But they were not there. They had
gone through to the back of the house,
and were even now going up the back
stairs. Talliaferro heard them, and he
thought, They will see her now! forget-
ting that they had seen her there often.
He heard them walking slowly along the
hall above. He wanted to call out, to
warn them, but he stood there silent,
waiting. Then he heard the door of Mel-
ora’s room open, and then a terrible si-
lence.

  Abruptly, he heard both of them
screaming shrilly, but he could not bring
himself to run up there to see what they
had seen. He came to the foot of the
front stairs and looked up. At the top
some one was standing, motioning to him
—a woman in black satin. He should
come up, the figure motioned. Talliafer-
ro was bewildered. A woman in black
satin? Who could it be? Black satin.
He had known some one somewhere who
always wore black satin. Who, who was
it? His mind was not clear, but from
somewhere a name came to him—Aunt
Hattie!

  The woman was gone abruptly. Fear
had encompassed Talliaferro; it pressed
upon him with a multitude of icy fingers,
but a greater force was drawing him slow-
ly forward. He went hesitatingly up the
stairs, and into Melora’s room. Melora
and Tallulah were huddled together,
staring at the mirror. Talliaferro looked
at the glass, and there he saw the face
of his dead aunt for the second time. The
face was distorted, horrible—and it was
moving, moving about at the end of the
scarf, fascinating the three of them. Tal-
liaferro sat down heavily; his heart beat
loudly, irregularly, and he felt a close-
ness suffocating him. His sisters did not
appear to notice him.

  Talliaferro’s lips opened, and he began
to speak, slowly, and with apparent ef-
fort. "She killed herself here,” he mur-
mured, "hanged herself where the glass
caught the reflection. That’s it. She was
caught in the glass and couldn’t get out.”

Melora turned and seemed to notice
her brother for the first time. She
leaned over and touched Tallulah’s arm
gently. "He sees her now,” she whis-
pered. "He sees her. She’s watching
him. Oh, look at her eyes!”

  The eyes of the thing in the glass had
begun to glow, shining out toward Tal-

                    W. T.—3
THE SHERATON MIRROR

337

liaferro, who went on mumbling without
noticing, his voice rising steadily. "To
be caught like that, a woman caught. We
can’t help her, won’t help her. Homely
old witch-woman. She hates us, hates
us, and I hate her!”

  He got up abruptly and went straight
to the glass. He bent his head and pressed
his face close to the swinging figure. And
then he saw the eyes of the dead woman
open wide. With a terrible cry, Tallia-
ferro caught up Melora’s steel-backed
brush from the dressing-table and struck
at the glass. He struck blindly, until he
had broken the mirror into many pieces.
Then he stepped back a little, dropped the
brush, and passed his hand vaguely over
his forehead. He looked at his startled
sisters and smiled wanly. From within
him a tumult arose suddenly, engulfing
him. Then he began to sway gently from
side to side.

  Melora came to her feet just as he
crashed to the floor and sprawled there.
She ran to him, coming down on her
knees beside him. "Talliaferro,” she cried,

  and touched him. "Talliaferro!” She
looked over her shoulder at Tallulah and
cried out, "He’s dead!”

  Then Tallulah began to scream. She
was looking beyond Melora, at the space
on the wall in the frame of the broken
mirror. "It’s the woman. There behind
you, on the wall!”

  Melora sat there, hunched on the floor
as if frozen. "No, Tallulah,” she said.
"Talliaferro killed her. I saw him do it.
I saw him.”

  But Tallulah went on,screaming. She
was still screaming when the frightened
maid made her way into the room, fol-
lowed by the butler. They found Melora
hunched on the floor beside the body of
Talliaferro, gently stroking one of his
hands. She did not appear to see them,
for her eyes never once left the jagged
aperture where the mirror had been.

  Her lips were moving a little, and when
the maid touched her shoulder gently,
she heard Melora whimpering in a little
child voice, "Go away, please. Tallia-
ferro killed you—homely witch-woman.
I saw him. Go away, Aunt Hattie."

 cy^n Open Window

             By ROBERT E. HOWARD

             Behind the Veil what gulfs of Time and Space?

              What blinking mowing Shapes to blast the sight?

              I	shrink before a vague colossal Face
              Born in the mad immensities of Night.

W. T.—4
   VheT*

jCmpire
of the Necromancers

By CLARK ASHTON SMITH

An endless army of plague-eaten bodies, of tattered skeletons, poured in
ghastly torrents through the streets of the city

THE legend of Mmatmuor and So-
dosma shall arise only in the latter
cycles of Earth, when the glad
legends of the prime have been forgotten.
Before the time of its telling, many
epochs shall have passed away, and the
seas shall have fallen in their beds, and
new continents shall have come to birth.
Perhaps, in that day, it will serve to be-
guile for a little the black weariness of a
dying race, grown hopeless of all but
oblivion. I tell the tale as men shall tell
it in Zothique, the last continent, beneath
a dim sun and sad heavens where the
stars come out in terrible brightness be-
fore eventide.

Mmatmuor and Sodosma were nec-
romancers who came from the dark
isle of Naat, to practise their baleful arts
in Tinarath, beyond the shrunken seas.
But they did not prosper in Tinarath: for
death was deemed a holy thing by the
people of that gray country; and the noth-
ingness of the tomb was not lightly to be
desecrated; and the raising up of the dead
by necromancy was held in abomination.

  So, after a short interval, Mmatmuor
and Sodosma were driven forth by the an-
ger of the inhabitants, and were com-
pelled to flee toward Cincor, a desert of
the south, which was peopled only by the
bones and mummies of a race that the
pestilence had slain in former time.

      338

   The land into which they went lay drear
and leprous and ashen below the huge,
ember-colored sun. Its crumbling rocks
and deathly solitudes of sand would have
struck terror to the hearts of common
men; and, since they had been thrust out
in that barren place without food or sus-
tenance, the plight of the sorcerers might
well have seemed a desperate one. But,
smiling secretly, with the air of conquer-
ors who tread the approaches of a long-
coveted realm, Sodosma and Mmatmuor
walked steadily on into Cincor.

  Unbroken before them, through fields
devoid of trees and grass, and across the
channels of dried-up rivers, there ran the
great highway by which travellers had gone
formerly between Cincor and Tinarath.
Here they met no living thing; but soon
they came to the skeletons of a horse and
its rider, lying full in the road, and wear-
ing still the sumptuous harness and rai-
ment which they had worn in the flesh.
And Mmatmuor and Sodosma paused be-
fore the piteous bones, on which no shred
of corruption remained; and they smiled
evilly at each other.

  "The steed shall be yours,” said Mmat-
muor, "since you are a little the elder of
us two, and are thus entitled to preced-
ence; and the rider shall serve us both and
be the first to acknowledge fealty to us in
Cincor.”

  Then, in the ashy sand by the wayside,
they drew a threefold circle; and stand-
THE EMPIRE OF THE NECROMANCERS

339

"Sodosma mounted the
skeleton steed and took up
the jewelled retm.’’

ing together at its center, they performed
the abominable rites that compel the dead
to arise from tranquil nothingness and
obey henceforward, in all things, the dark
will of the necromancer. Afterward they
sprinkled a pinch of magic powder on the
nostril-holes of the man and the horse;
and the white bones, creaking mournfully,
rose up from where they had lain and
stood in readiness to serve their masters.

  So, as had been agreed between them,
Sodosma mounted the skeleton steed and
took up the jewelled reins, and rode in
an evil mockery of Death on his pale
horse; while Mmatmuor trudged on be-
side him, leaning lightly on an ebon staff;
and the skeleton of the man, with its rich
raiment flapping loosely, followed be-
hind the two like a servitor.

  After a while, in the gray waste, they
found the remnant of another horse and

rider, which the jackals had spared and
the sun had dried to the leanness of old
mummies. These also they raised op from
death; and Mmatmuor bestrode the
withered charger; and the two magicians
rode on in state, like errant emperors, with
a Iich and a skeleton to attend them.
Other bones and charnel remnants of men
and beasts, to which they came anon,
were duly resurrected in like fashion; so
that they gathered to themselves an ever-
swelling train in their progress through
Cincor.

  Along the way, as they neared Yethly-
reom, whidi had been the capital, they
found numerous tombs and necropoli, in-
violate still after many ages, and contain-
ing swathed mummies that had scarcely
withered in death. All these they raised
up and called from sepulchral night to do
their bidding. Some they commanded to
340

WEIRD TALES

sow and till the desert fields and hoist
water from the sunken wells; others they
left at diverse tasks, such as the mummies
had performed in life. The century-long
silence was broken by the noise and tu-
mult of myriad activities; and the lank
liches of weavers toiled at their shuttles;
and the corpses of plowmen followed
their furrows behind carrion oxen.

Weary with their strange journey and
their oft-repeated incantations,
Mmatmuor and Sodosma saw before them
at last, from a desert hill, the lofty spires
and fair, unbroken domes of Yethlyreom,
steeped in the darkening stagnant blood of
ominous sunset.

  "It is a goodly land,” said Mmatmuor,
“and you and I will share it between us,
and hold dominion over all its dead, and
be crowned as emperors on the morrow
in Yethlyreom.”

  “Aye,” replied Sodosma, "for there is
none living to dispute us here; and those
that we have summoned from the tomb
shall move and breathe only at our dicta-
tion, and may not rebel against us.”

  So, in the blood-red twilight that thick-
ened with purple, they entered Yethly-
reom and rode on among the lofty, lamp-
less mansions, and installed themselves
with their grisly retinue in that stately and
abandoned p&lace, where the dynasty of
Nimboth emperors had reigned for two
thousand years with dominion over Cin-
cor.

  In the dusty golden halls, they lit the
empty lamps of onyx by means of their
cunning sorcery, and supped on royal
viands, provided from past years, which
they evoked in like manner. Ancient and
imperial wines were poured for them in
moonstone cups by the fleshless hands of
their servitors; and they drank and feasted
and revelled in fantasmagoric pomp, de-
ferring till the morrow the resurrection of
those who lay dead in Yethlyreom.

  They rose betimes, in the dark crimson
dawn, from the opulent palace-beds in
which they had slept; for much remained
to be done. Everywhere in that forgotten
city, they went busily to and fro, work-
ing their spells on the people that had
died in the last year of the pest and had
lain unburied. And having accomplished
this, they passed beyond Yethlyreom into
that other city of high tombs and mighty
mausoleums, in which lay the Nimboth
emperors and the more consequential cit-
izens and nobles of Cincor.

  Here they bade their skeleton slaves to
break in the sealed doors with hammers; *
and then, with their sinful, tyrannous in-
cantations, they called forth the imperial
mummies, even to the eldest of the dy-
nasty, all of whom came walking stiffly,
with lightless eyes, in rich swathings sewn
with flame-bright jewels. And also, later,
they brought forth to a semblance of life
many generations of courtiers and digni-
taries.

  Moving in solemn pageant, with dark
and haughty and hollow faces, the dead
emperors and empresses of Cincor made
obeisance to Mmatmuor and Sodosma,
and attended them like a train of captives
through all the streets of Yethlyreom.
Afterward, in the immense throne-room of
the palace, the necromancers mounted the
high double throne, where the rightful
rulers had sat with their consorts. Amid
the assembled emperors, in gorgeous and
funereal state, they were invested with
sovereignty by the sere hands of the mum-
my of Hestaiyon, earliest of the Nimboth
line, who had ruled in half-mythic years.
Then all the descendants of Hestaiyon,
crowding the room in a great throng, ac-
claimed with toneless, echo-like voices the
dominion of Mmatmuor and Sodosma.

  Thus did the outcast necromancers find
for themselves an empire and a subject
people in the desolate, barren land where
THE EMPIRE OF THE NECROMANCERS

341

the men of Tinarath had driven them
forth to perish. Reigning supreme over
all the dead of Cincor, by virtue of their
malign magic, they exercised a baleful
despotism. Tribute was borne t© them
by fleshless porters from outlying realms;
and plague-eaten corpses, and tall mum-
mies scented with mortuary balsams, went
to and fro upon their errands in Yethly-
reom, or heaped before their greedy eyes,
from inexhaustible vaults, the cobweb-
blackened gold and dusty gems of antique
time.

  Dead laborers made their palace-gar-
dens to bloom with long-perished flow-
ers; liches and skeletons toiled for them
in the mines, or reared superb, fantastic
towers to the dying sun. Chamberlains
and princes of old time were their cup-
bearers, and stringed instruments were
plucked for their delight by the slim
hands of empresses with golden hair that
had come forth untarnished from the
night of the tomb. Those that were fair-
est, whom the plague and the worm had
not ravaged overmuch, they took for their
lemans and made to serve their necro-
philic lust.

2

IN all things, the people of Cincor per-
formed the actions of life at the will
of Mmatmuor and Sodosma. They spoke,
they moved, they ate and drank as in life.
They heard and saw and felt with a simil-
itude of the senses that had been theirs
before death; but their brains were en-
thralled by a dreadful necromancy. They
recalled but dimly their former existence;
and the state to which they had been sum-
moned was empty and troublous and shad-
ow-like. Their blood ran chill and slug-
gish, mingled with water of Lethe; and
the vapors of Lethe clouded their eyes.

  Dumbly they obeyed the dictates of
their tyrannous lords, without rebellion or
protest, but filled with a vague, illimitable

weariness such as the dead must know,
when having drunk of eternal sleep, they
are called back once more to the bitterness
of mortal being. They knew no passion
or desire or delight, only the black lan-
guor of their awakening from Lethe, and
a gray, ceaseless longing to return to that
interrupted slumber.

  Youngest and last of the Nimboth em-
perors was Illeiro, who had died in the
first month of the plague, and had lain in
his high-built mausoleum for two hun-
dred years before the coming of the necro-
mancers.

                                    9

  Raised up with his people and his fath-
ers to attend the tyrants, Illeiro had re-
sumed the emptiness of existence without
question and had felt no surprize. He
had accepted his own resurrection and that
of his ancestors as one accepts the indig-
nities and marvels of a dream. He knew
that he had come back to a faded sun, to
a hollow and spectral world, to an order
of things in which his place was merely
that of an obedient shadow. But at first
he was troubled only, like the others, by
a dim weariness and a pale hunger for
the lost oblivion.

  Drugged by the magic of his overlords,
weak from the age-long nullity of death,
he beheld like a somnambulist the enor-
mities to which his fathers were subjected.
Yet, somehow, after many days, a feeble
spark awoke in the sodden twilight of his
mind.

  Like something lost and irretrievable,
beyond prodigious gulfs, he recalled the
pomp of his reign in Yethlyreom, and the
golden pride and exultation that had been
his in youth. And recalling it, he felt a
vague stirring of revolt, a ghostly resent-
ment against the magicians who had haled
him forth to this calamitous mockery of
life. Darkly he began to grieve for his
fallen state, and the mournful plight of
his ancestors and his people.
342

WEIRD TALES

  Day by day, as a cup-bearer in the halls
where he had ruled aforetime, Illeiro saw
the doings of Mmatmuor and Sodosma.
He saw their caprices of cruelty and lust,
their growing drunkenness and gluttony.
He watched them wallow in their necro-
mantic luxury, and become lax with indo-
lence, gross with indulgence. They neg-
lected the study of their art, they forgot
many of their spells. But still they ruled,
mighty and formidable; and, lolling on
couches of purple and rose, they planned
to lead an army of the dead against Tin-
arath.

  Dreaming of conquest, and of vaster
necromancies, they grew fat and slothful
as worms that have installed themselves
in a charnel rich with corruption. And
pace by pace with their laxness and tyran-
ny, the fire of rebellion mounted in the
shadowy heart of Illeiro, like a flame that
struggles with Lethean damps. And
slowly, with the waxing of his wrath,
there returned to him something of the
strength and firmness that had been his in
life. Seeing the turpitude of the oppres-
sors, and knowing the wrong that had
been done to the helpless dead, he heard
in his brain the clamor of stifled voices
demanding vengeance.

  Among his fathers, through the palace-
halls of Yethlyreem, Illeiro moved silent-
ly at the bidding of the masters, or stood
awaiting their command. He poured in
their cups of onyx the amber vintages,
brought by wizardry from hills beneath a
younger sun; he submitted to their con-
tumelies and insults. And night by night
he watched them nod in their drunken-
ness, till they fell asleep, flushed and
gross, amid their arrogated splendor.

  There was little speech among the liv-
ing dead; and son and father, daughter
and mother, lover and beloved, went to
and fro without sign of recognition, mak-
ing no comment on their evil lot. But at

last, one midnight, when the tyrants lay
in slumber, and the flames wavered in the
necromantic lamps, Illeiro took counsel
with Hestaiyon, his eldest ancestor, who
had been famed as a great wizard in fable
and was reputed to have known the secret
lore of antiquity.

Hestaiyon stood apart from the
others, in a comer of the shadowy
hall. He was brown and withered in his
crumbling mummy-cloths; and his light-
less obsidian eyes appeared to gaze still
upon nothingness. He seemed not to have
heard the questions of Illeiro; but at
length, in a dry, rustling whisper, he re-
sponded :

  "I am old, and the night of the sepul-
cher was long, and I have forgotten much.
Yet, groping backward across the void of
death, it may be that I shall retrieve some-
thing of my former wisdom; and between
us we shall devise a mode of deliverance.”
And Hestaiyon searched among the shreds
of memory, as one who reaches into a
place where the worm has been and the
hidden archives of old time have rotted in
their covers; till at last he remembered,
and said:

  "I recall that I was once a mighty wiz-
ard; and among other things, I knew the
spells of necromancy, but employed them
not, deeming their use and the raising up
of the dead an abhorrent act. Also, I
possessed other knowledge; and perhaps,
among the remnants of that ancient lore,
there is something which may serve to
guide us now. For I recall a dim, dubit-
able prophecy, made in the primal years,
at the founding of Yethlyreom and the
empire of Cincor. The prophecy was,
that an evil greater than death would be-
fall the emperors and the people of Cin-
cor in future time; and that the first and
the last of the Nimboth dynasty, confer-
ring together, would effect a mode of re-
lease and the lifting of the doom. The
THE EMPIRE OF THE NECROMANCERS

343

evil was not named in the prophecy; but
it was said that the two emperors would
learn the solution of their problem by the
breaking of an ancient clay image that
guards the nethermost vault below the
imperial palace in Yethlyreom.”

  Then, having heard this prophecy from
the faded lips of his forefather, Illeiro
mused a while, and said:

  "I remember now an afternoon in early
youth, when searching idly through the
unused vaults of our palace, as a boy
might do, I came to the last vault and
found therein a dusty, uncouth image of
clay, whose form and countenance were
strange to me. And, knowing not the
prophecy, I turned away in disappoint-
ment, and went back as idly as I had come,
to seek the moted sunlight.”

  Then, stealing away from their heedless
kinfolk, and carrying jewelled lamps they
had taken from the hall, Hestaiyon and
Illeiro went downward by subterranean
stairs beneath the palace; and, threading
like implacable furtive shadows the maze
of nighted corridors, they came at last to
the lowest crypt.

  Here, in the black dust and clotted cob-
webs of an immemorial past, they found,
as had been decreed, the clay image, whose
rude features were those of a forgotten
earthly god. And Illeiro shattered the
image with a fragment of stone; and he
and Hestaiyon took from its hollow center
a great sword of unrusted steel, and a
heavy key of untarnished bronze, and tab-
lets of bright brass on which were in-
scribed the various things to be done, so
that Cincor should be rid of the dark
reign of the necromancers and the people
should win back to oblivious death.

  So, with the key of untarnished bronze,
Illeiro unlocked, as the tablets had in-
structed him to do, a low and narrow
door at the end of the nethermost vault,
beyond the broken image; and he and

Hestaiyon saw, as had been prophesied,
the coiling steps of somber stone that led
downward to an undiscovered abyss,
where the sunken fires of earth still
burned. And leaving Illeiro to ward the
open door, Hestaiyon took up the sword
of unrusted steel in his thin hand, and
went back to the hall where the necro-
mancers slept, lying a-sprawl on their
couches of rose and purple, with the wan,
bloodless dead about them in patient
ranks.

Upheld by the ancient prophecy and
the lore of the bright tablets, Hestai-
yon lifted the great sword and struck off
the head of Mmatmuor and the head of
Sodosma, each with a single blow. Then,
as had been directed, he quartered the
remains with mighty strokes. And the
necromancers gave up their unclean lives,
and lay supine, without movement, adding
a deeper red to the rose and a brighter
hue to the sad purple of their couches.

  Then, to his kin, who stood silent and
listless, hardly knowing their liberation,
the venerable mummy of Hestaiyon spoke
in sere murmurs, but authoritatively, as a
king who issues commands to his chil-
dren. The dead emperors and empresses
stirred, like autumn leaves in a sudden
wind, and a whisper passed among them
and went forth from the palace, to be
communicated at length, by devious ways,
to all the dead of Cincor.

  All that night, and during the blood-
dark day that followed, by wavering
torches or the light of the failing sun, an
endless army of plague-eaten liches, of tat-
tered skeletons, poured in a ghastly tor-
rent through the streets of Yethlyreom and
along the palace-hall where Hestaiyon
stood guard above the slain necroman-
cers. Unpausing, with vague, fixed eyes,
they went on like driven shadows, to seek
the subterranean vaults below the palace,
to pass through the open door where II-
3 44

WEIRD TALES

leiro waited in the last vault, and then to
wend downward by a thousand thousand
steps to the verge of that gulf in which
boiled the ebbing fires of earth. There,
from the verge, they flung themselves to a
second death and the clean annihilation
of the bottomless flames.

  But, after all had gone to their release,
Hestaiyon still remained, alone in the fad-
ing sunset, beside the cloven corpses of
Mmatmuor and Sodosma. There, as the
tablets had directed him to do, he made
trial of those spells of elder necromancy
which he had known in his former wis-
dom, and cursed the dismembered bodies
with that perpetual life-in-death which
Mmatmuor and Sodosma had sought to
inflict upon the people of Cincor. And
maledictions came from the pale lips, and
the heads rolled horribly with glaring
eyes, and the limbs and torsos writhed on
their imperial couches amid clotted
blood. Then, with no backward look,

knowing that all was done as had been
ordained and predicted from the first, the
mummy of Hestaiyon left the necroman-
cers to their doom, and went wearily
through the nighted labyrinth of vaults
to rejoin Illeiro.

  So, in tranquil silence, with no further
need of words, Illeiro and Hestaiyon
passed through the open door of the
nether vault, and Illeiro locked the door
behind them with its key of untarnished
bronze. And thence, by the coiling
stairs, they wended their way to the verge
of the sunken flames and were one with
their kinsfolk and their people in the
last, ultimate nothingness.

  But of Mmatmuor and Sodosma, men
say that their quartered bodies crawl to
and fro to this day in Yethlyreom, finding
no peace or respite from their doom of
life-in-death, and seeking vainly through
the black maze of nether vaults the door
that was locked by Illeiro.

<2)eserted Manor

         By MARION DOYLE

     ' From every side the gaunt and dying pines,

       Stooped with their burden of two hundred years,
       Lean toward the ancient manor’s scrolled designs,
       Whispering incessantly; each strangely peers
       Across the sagging roofs, the ornate eaves,

      Where winds complain and hidden waters break
      The eery silence with the intolerable ache
      Of echoed music when the wood-dove grieves.

       Even the moonlight enters warily,

       Stealthily stepping on the ruined stair,

       Fearful of being taken unaware,

       Yet seems to listen for some embassy

       From unseen worlds, throwing a spangled glance
       Into the gloom before the next advance.
By KIRK MASHBURN

A thrill-tale of a fierce and bloody fight in a Louisiana swamp between
a maddened group of Cajuns and a horde of vampires

IT MUST have been a fierce and
bloody fight. I heard excited talk of
it as soon as 1 stepped from the train
in Labrandi. My duties as district high-
way engineer had brought me there be-
fore, and nearly every one in the little
town knew who I was. But they are folk
shy in the presence of strangers, most of
them, in that rural, almost isolated sec-
tion. I was an outsider, and sensed some-
thing of their talk kept apart from me
as such.

  I heard only that there had been a wild
fight, the night before, between the sher-
iff’s men and a gang of murderous gip-
sies—though particulars were more than
vague about the gipsies. On the island
in the fork of Labranch Bayou, they said
it was; and that roused my interest at
once. For it was there the highway de-
partment was building a difficult stretch
of road no contractor had cared to under-
take. I hurried to the island, and what I

                                     345
346

WEIRD TALES

found in the road camp brought me back
at once to town.

  I had been told—almost the only defi-
nite information I had got—that I would
find young Delacroix, the timekeeper and
camp clerk, at the only hotel in Labranch.
I located his room, and entered in a con-
siderable temper, when he opened to my
knock.

  "Come in—sit down,” Delacroix greet-
ed me pleasantly, waving to a chair and
himself slumped casually upon the bed.
His gesture embraced a bottle of whisky,
half empty, that sat upon a table handy
to his reach. "Have a drink?”

  "No, I won’t have a drink!” I snapped.
"Is everybody else drunk, too? I went
out to the job, and found two teams
idling around, and a half-dozen Cajun
and nigger laborers sitting stupidly on
stumps—no engineer, no foreman, no
timekeeper—nobody!”

  "I guess so,” Delacroix agreed vaguely,
pouring himself a drink. I was by now
thoroughly exasperated.

  "You guess so!” I exploded. "You’re
like those Cajun laborers, for all your
two years at the university! The total in-
formation I got out of them was where
to find you. They wouldn’t even tell me
where the foreman was. Nor Gregory.”
The latter was-the department’s section
engineer.

  "They don’t know where Gregory and
the foreman are—but you’ll never see
them again,” Delacroix informed mildly,
after he had swallowed his drink. Then,
with sudden force—"Have a drink and
keep quiet—or just keep quiet—and I’ll
tell you about it. Sit down!”

  Startled, I obeyed without thinking,
dropping into the chair behind me. As I
was on the point of rising and rescuing
my dignity, Delacroix's words caught my
attention. Forgetting my anger, I sat and
listened.

  This is the meat of what I heard:

Old man Landry [Delacroix began]
had a son who was attacked, one
evening after sunset, while he was hunt-
ing in the woods of Labranch Island.
They found what was left of him the next
day, a small wound in his throat, and his
body drained of blood. Well! Right
away, everybody said that Placide’s wife
did it—the wife Placide Duboin buried
one night a dozen years ago, because he
thought he had killed her. But Nita, his
wife, came out of her grave, an undead
thing who preyed on the living after sun-
down. Placide was her first victim.

  This dead-alive woman, who lay like
a corpse in her grave during each day,
rose and walked abroad at night between
sunset and dawn, seeking living victims
to quench her thirst for blood. Old Lan-
dry’s son was one of the first to fall her
prey, nearly eleven years ago. They found
him the next day, and buried him with a
stake through his heart. So he did not
lie where Nita left him, to arise the next
night with his own terrible craving for
blood—to be from then on, another such
thing as she.

  Oh? No, I am not drunk; not yet, at
any rate. I am trying to tell you what be-
came of Gregory, and why the road camp
is almost empty. Do you want to listen,
or not?

  Well, anyway, Nita, and those who fell
into her clutches and became like her,
could not get off that island between the
forks of Labranch Bayou, an island some
six to eight miles wide, by nearly fifteen
miles long. (Vampires and werewolves,
you understand, can not cross running
water.)

  It is across this island that we have
been building the new highway. One
night, not very long ago, while I was tell-
ing Gregory the story of Placide’s wife,
THE LAST OF PLACJDE’S WIFE

347

there was a knock on the door. And
who do you suppose was there? Placide’s
wife, herself! She pretended otherwise,
naturally, but I recognized her and called
to old Landry, who had hoped to meet
her, and been prepared for the meeting,
ever since his son’s death. He carried a
gun loaded with silver bullets blessed by
the priest, the only kind that can kill a
vampire. But Nita ran to the woods be-
fore Landry came up, and I kept him
from following. In the forest, with her
pack around her, she would have made
short work of the old man.

  It had become the main thing in Lan-
dry's life, to even up with Nita on ac-
count of his son. He finally got so im-
patient that he went into the woods alone,
one evening, hoping to put a silver bullet
into Nita. Doubtless he was a little crazy
on the subject. And it turned out that
Nita got him! At least, we found he had
gone, and he did not come back.

  Gregory was sort of skeptical, and
didn’t much believe the story I told him
about Placide’s wife. He insisted Nita
was nothing but one of a band of gipsy
thieves and murderers. He was a special
deputy sheriff, Gregory, so he could carry
a gun, on account of our payroll and
things like that, and he was pretty mad,
you understand, about old man Landry.
He was already disgusted because it was
hard for us to get men who were not
afraid of Nita and would stay in our
camp on the island at night, and they
would come straggling in late every
morning. So Gregory got most of our
men together the next morning and gave
them guns; then sent word to the sheriff
here in Labranch, that he was going into
the swamps and round up the "gip-
sies”. Ha! I was one of those who went.

  We went clear down to where the
swamp begins at the end of the island
on the bay, without seeing any sign of

anybody except two trappers we ran
across, men we knew. Nobody expected
to find Nita, except Gregory. The men
began to get uneasy, late in the afternoon,
and decided to turn back before sundown
caught us away from camp. Gregory
didn’t like it, but what was he going to
do? The men told him he could stay if
he wanted, but they were going bade.
Gregory used some language I wish I
could remember—me, I never can say
what I want to when I’m mad!—but he
turned back with the rest.

                                      9

Sundown found us a good mile away
from camp, deep in the woods. We
still could count on nearly an hour of
daylight, and Gregory sneered at the
men’s uneasiness because the sun had set.
But everybody else was uneasy, some more
than others. The woods were thick, and
in the fading light of late day, dim and
shadowy. Except for the noise we made
ourselves, the forest was still and quiet.
But it was an uncomfortable quiet, as if
the trees all around us hid things that
watched, and waited their own time to
show themselves. So!

   Suddenly, amid startled exclamations,
we stopped in our tracks. Anybody would
have stopped! I think we all saw the
gleaming shape that barred our way, at
the same moment. In a little cleared
space ahead of us stood a slender figure,
a woman whose body gleamed in the red
light of sunset like a statue carved from
smooth old ivory. She was completely
nude, except that the light breeze wrapped
the ends of her shining black hair (which
hung like a dark cloak almost to the backs
of her knees), carelessly about her hips.
Her face was the most beautiful 1 have
ever seen on a woman. Beautiful, that is,
except for the evil in her bright eyes, and
the cruelty in the smile of her scarlet lips.

   But there was nothing beautiful about
her to us—we knew that here was the
348

WEIRD TALES

thing we had hunted—that we had met
at last with Placide's wife!

  Nita stood, with that mocking smile,
looking at us from between narrowed
lids that slanted upward, a little, at the
comers. She seemed careless, and amused,
but I saw her nostrils twitch from where
I stood. Like any other wild, naked thing
of the woods! Her eyes opened suddenly
wide, and they blazed with the same
light I have seen in a cat’s when she
pounced upon a mouse. She waved one
slim hand toward us in a swift, fierce
gesture.

  The woods were suddenly alive. Si-
lent, grinning figures, some clad and
some as naked as she, sprang at us from
among the trees. Without waiting for a
word from Gregory, our men blazed
away, with shotguns and pistols. Gregory
himself aimed squarely at Nita, and I
saw his shotgun spit fire. Nita stood
straining forward on her toes, watching
as her pack closed with us, her lips drawn
tightly back from her sharp, pointed teeth.
I saw her laugh, horribly, as Gregory shot
at her; then she sprang at him. He
pumped buckshot from his gun at close
range, but she merely gurgled with that
horrible laughter, and leaped at him.
After that, I was too busy with a shock-
headed and fojal-smelling old devil who
flung himself on me, to bother with
Gregory and Nita.

  Nita’s band numbered about the same
as ours, but they had the strength of oxen.
The thing with which I fought, for all his
blazing red eyes and dripping mouth,
looked like only a scrawny old man. But
his hands were iron, and I was helpless
in his grip. It seemed that I was tangled
in a web, and my arms and legs would
not move as I wanted them to, after the
old man glared into my eyes. It was like
a nightmare, when you try to scream, to
run, and can not. Unable to do more

than stare ahead with my eyes popping
in fright, I felt the awful, reeking mouth
of that ancient horror drooling upon my
neck. Dimly, I heard Nita screaming,
felt the cold lips draw back from my
flesh. Nita’s voice kept on, sounding as
if she moved swiftly from one place to
another. All about was a snarling, as of
hungry beasts driven from their kills;
then everything swam in blackness.

  My head cleared, after a minute, and I
realized that I was being carried along
through the forest, thrown over the shoul-
der of that old creature who stank, and
who had fought me. I said he was old
and scrawny; but he carried me as easily
as a ten-pound sack of meal. We went
through the woods as fast as a horse
trots, the trampling of many feet keeping
pace with us. I twisted my head about,
trying to see.

  We went through a dim open space;
I twisted enough to look ahead of the
dirty old one who carried me, and saw
Nita, with Gregory slung on her back,
leading the way as easily as though she
ran unburdened. Around and behind,
the hell-pack ran with us. Each of them
carried a man, and some of them seemed
to be carrying double. All flitted through
the woods, silently and lightly as dark
shadows.

  On we went, and I knew our direction
more by instinct than otherwise, toward
the southern end of the island, where the
dank woods blend into the swamp
that becomes a marsh, lying along the
Gulf.

Soon we were in the swamp. Often
I heard the suck of soggy earth that
clutched at hurrying feet; once scummy
water splashed into my down-hung face,
as the pack pattered through a shallow
pool of smelly, stagnant water. All this
time, until we finally came to a stop, I lay
THE LAST OF PLACIDE’S WIFE

349

quietly over that old one’s shoulder. His
arms were about my legs like bands of
steel, but not even the thought of struggle
or escape came into my queerly dulled
brain.

  When the troop finally halted, I dimly
saw that we were in the middle of a large
piece of dry land, slightly higher than
the swamp around it, and almost clear of
trees. The old pig who carried me let
me slip head first to the ground. Thanks
to the soft ground, and none to him, my
neck was not broken; it was bad enough
at that.

  I sat up and looked around that place.
Other men, no doubt also dropped like
sacks of onions, were lying on the ground,
or sitting looking stupid, like me. A few
were getting groggily to their feet. Not
much showed plainly in the dark, but
there were other figures with eyes gleam-
ing like wolves’, standing over those on
the ground, or getting in the way of the
few who tottered on their feet. All of
these with glowing eyes were half stretch-
ing their hands toward the ones they
stood by, and at the same time, all looking
eagerly at something near where I sat.
I looked to see what it was they stared
at so, and saw that Nita was standing
there. Her eyes were glowing like yel-
low coals, and she had one hand out to
steady Gregory on his feet. Then she
waved her other hand lazily toward a
clump of bushes, and the shadows with
eyes pulled the figures upon the ground
to their feet, and prodded them in that
direction.

  All at once, the knoll began to glow
with a dim bluish light, like a wet match
in the dark. It came from nowhere, you
understand, and did not seem to light
the swamp beyond the wide knoll. The
light grew stronger, while my dirty old
one pushed me along with the rest.

  Nita led toward a covert of bushes al-

most in the middle of the knoll. Within
these bushes, the blue light glowed strong-
er than anywhere else. Nita parted the
growth and stepped through, leading
Gregory. We pushed and jostled our way
behind her.

  We scrambled through into a circular
open place, in the center of which was a
low mound of earth. Nita urged Gregory
toward the mound, and gently forced him
to sit. She herself leaped lightly up, and
turned to face the rest of us, her body
gleaming now like a silver column in the
blue light. My old one pushed me closer,
and the others crowded around. Nita
looked us over carefully for a moment,
before she spoke.

  "There are two more than we are,”
she said, evidently talking for the benefit
of her pack. "I will keep the man I have
taken”—she motioned toward Gregory—

"and also those other two-” She

paused and leaned slightly forward, as
the place hummed with angry murmurs
and snarls of protest. Her eyes blazed
from her narrowed lids, and she snarled
back at them.

  "Pigs and cattle! I say that three are
mine! I am first among you, the mother
of the pack, and I claim the right.” Her
gaze rested on me. "I will take that one,”
she said, pointing. The smelly old crea-
ture who had my arm tightened his grip
until his hard, skinny fingers sank into
my flesh.

  "No!” he screeched; "I caught this
one, and I keep him.”

  "Durand has two: take that one from
him.” The old one followed the point of
her finger, and observed a wolf-eyed one
who held fast to a pair of our men. They
were two young fellows out of our grub-
bing gang; and though they stood as
quietly as terrified sheep in the clutch of
the one Nita called Durand, they were
both husky, full-blooded youngsters. My
350

WEIRD TALES

sale vieux peered at them, both so much
larger and stronger than I, and grinned.
Slobbering as he grinned, he pushed me
toward Nita, and with a little squeal of
satisfaction ran and pounced upon the
nearest of the grubbers.

  Nita coolly claimed a third captive,
and the pack started to hustle the rest of
our men out of the circular enclosure
with sudden eagerness. Nita halted them
with a sharp word.

  "Wait!” she called, her hand upraised.
The pack paused. "Remember,” Nita
continued, "there is a new one among us,
who must have a grave that he can not
dig himself. . . . Let the newcomers dig
his—and their own!—before you . . .
drink. ...” Then she waved them away.

Most of the dullness that had numbed
my wits cleared, with the transfer
of that old thing's attention from me,
and I suddenly observed one that I had
not before noticed. I saw old Landry
(he whom we had come to avenge!)
pushing from the place as eagerly as any
of Nita’s crew. One knotted handgripped
a staring, white-faced figure—a man he.
had worked beside, a few days before—
that he regarded with greedy, blazing
eyes! Landry was the recruit to whom
Nita had referred!

  The place was- left bare of all except
Nita and us three she had claimed:
Gregory, myself, and a youngish fellow
named Alcide Breaux. Nita bent and
smiled into Gregory’s eyes.

  "I leave you for a little while,” she
told him; and it amused me, even then,
because she said it as if it was something
for Greg to regret. She stared into his
eyes a moment more, and added, "Wait
here, quietly, until I come back.”

  Stepping lithely down, she came over
to me, a mocking smile upon her lips.

  "So, M'sieu’ Delacroix! We meet
again!” She, waited for me to answer,

but I only stared at her, trying to put my
finger on something that puzzled me.

  "This time, you can not call for old
Landry to come with his silver bullets—
as you did another time, when I knocked
at your door in the road camp! This little
talk is different, yes?”

  That was it! Her talk. Queer, is it
not, how trifles occupy the mind at such
times?

  "Yes,” I said; "your talk is a whole
lot different: the last time I heard you,
your English, it was not so good.”

  "Aha, M’sieu le Cajun,” she mocked,
"your own is rather queer!” She smiled
indulgently, and explained, "I am speak-
ing my own language, the language
spoken in the high mountains in a coun-
try far beyond the sea. You understand
because I will it, and it seems to you that
I speak a familiar tongue.”

  I shrugged, because I could think of
nothing to say. Nita touched my chin
with the tip of her finger, which was cold
as the hand of Death. I bent my head
under her touch, so that I looked full
into her dark eyes, that seemed to have
points of flame dancing in their depths.
Once more I began to feel dull and
numb, and my wits grew sluggish. It
was an effort to think, to concentrate.
Nita lightly flipped my chin as she took
away her finger.

  "You amuse me—a very little, but still
you amuse me,” I heard her mocking
voice in a kind of daze. "I think I shall
leave you until later, and take this other

oaf. Go sit upon my-” Whatever

she was about to say, she checked it, and
finished, "Go sit with Gregory.”

  With no thought to do otherwise, I
went and sat down where she told me.
Then I saw she was staring into Breaux’s
face as she had into mine; but her smile
was a terrible and ghoulish thing, while
her eyes were; like flaming pools of fire.
THE LAST OF PLACIDE’S WIFE

351

  "Come!” she commanded, in a husky,
quivering whisper. Obediently, though
with a fleeting spasm of despair twitching
his face, Breaux followed. He moved
too slowly for Nita’s liking, for she seized
his arm and drew him with feverish
eagerness across the clearing. Into the
screening bushes she pulled him. Nita
fairly panted as she pushed poor Alcide
through the growth, and I thought, dully,
that her red mouth drooled. It is horri-
ble when I think of it now; but I looked
on without interest, then, as the bushes
closed behind them, and Nita and Alcide
. . . were gone. . . .

How long Gregory and I sat there
alone, I have no idea. Neither of
us spoke, and time seemed to stand still.
It would have been too much effort to
talk or move, or even lie back to rest.
We kept motionless, I think, and waited;
nothing at all mattered, until Nita sud-
denly came back and smiled down at us.

  The fire had left her eyes, and she
seemed younger, and refreshed. .. . There
was a smile of exhilaration on her beauti-
ful red lips, redder now than before. I
saw the tip of her tongue lick over those
lips with satisfaction. Poor Alcide!

  Nita dropped lazily down between us,
smiling first at Gregory, then at me.
"Don’t be so dull-witted!” she reproved.
She must have had some deliberate inten-
tion of lifting the spell that kept us so
listless; for my brain cleared with her
words, and I straightened as I sat. So did
Gregory. Nita leaned toward him.

  "Ah, that is better!” she breathed. "It
has been long since any one except stupid,
clod-like men, little better than brute
beasts, came to this place.” She reached
out a hand, put it softly upon Greg’s
knee, her eyes, half closed, smoldering
with a fire different from the fierce light
that had flamed in them earlier in the
evening. "There are other good things

besides food and drink—warm, salty
drink! This body of mine is still a
woman’s. ... Is it not fair?”

  She leaned lazily back upon her hands
and Gregory and I held our breaths to-
gether. Here was a gorgeous creature of
pale ivory and ebony and scarlet. Pale
ivory body, scarlet lips; and long loose
hair as black and bewitching as sin.

  God, she was beautiful! There was
reason for Gregory to lean toward her,
biting his lips—even though he knew,
now, what sort of thing she was. Nita
had said that she came from a far land:
her old-ivory skin, with its hint of under-
lying olive tint, and the upward slant of
her eyes at the corners, told that she spoke
the truth. The shameless creature lay
back and laughed with brazen delight at
Gregory’s open fascination.

  "Do you find me beautiful?” she de-
manded naively. Sitting up quickly, she
eagerly asked, "Do you like beautiful
things?”

  Gregory stared at her without answer-
ing, but there was something in his si-
lence that seemed to please Nita as well
as words. "Will you come to me willing-
ly, Gregory, rather than as that one of
your men I—had—tonight, without my
arms and love to make—what happened
—a caress and a promise of future de-
light in me? Will you take a love no
mortal woman could give?”

  Suddenly she struck the earth with one
small hand. "Do you know what this
is?” she demanded. Without waiting for
answer, she told us, "It is where I lie and
rest during the day—is it not in a good
place, here in the heart of this swamp?
No trappers or hunters come so far, and
you will be safe with me.” She laughed,
with sudden malicious merriment.

  "Old Placide, that dear husband of
mine, showed me this place! There was
a gipsy peddler who wanted both me
352

WEIRD TALES

and Placide’s money: the money he got
for his land when oil was found on it,
before I came to Labranch and married
him. The money was buried near our
house, but Placide was frightened of the
peddler, and dug it up, and brought it
here where he knew no one would ever
come to look for it. I spied on him when
he did it, and followed him here. After-
ward, I remembered this place. His
money is there now, at the head of my
earthen couch!” She laughed gleefully
again, but sobered quickly. She leaned
toward Gregory, and her voice was vi-
brant with passion. Gregory half raised
his hands, and her pale body writhed into
his arms. I stared, you can imagine, with
my mouth open: I was astonished at
Nita, but I was ashamed of Gregory. I
was thinking of poor Alcide, you under-
stand!

  Then, in a flash, I comprehended.
Nita’s wild mood fixed her interest on
him, and Gregory played up to her, so she
would not notice me. He was forcing
himself to hold her close, swallowing
his disgust to bend his head to those un-
clean red lips—so I might slip out and
escape!

  As Greg seized Nita in a sudden fierce
grip that I thought was fine acting, I
crept on hands and knees behind her
back, toward that place through which
she took Alcide. Creeping through the
bushes, I came on something that caused
me to jerk upright, scratching my face
on the twigs around me. I looked down
into the dead, staring face of Alcide, and
shivered all over as I made the cross. Be-
hind me was that mound in the darkness,
with a glow like phosphorus hanging
around it and around two dark forms, so
close together that they were like one. . . .

NOT until that minute did I fully
realize the awful nightmare of that
place and the things that lived there. All

my life I had heard tales of vampires and
werewolves; I had listened to stories of
Placide’s wife, and how men had gone
into this same swamp, and had not come
back. True, I wondered, and I had been
careful to keep in camp after sundown,
since we had been on the island. But the
tales had been tales, and this was some-
thing else. I felt the little silver medal
hung on a cord around my neck, and whis-
pered to all the saints I could remember.
Heh! You can believe that!

  Very carefully, I poked my head out
and looked around. There was not much
of a moon, and all I could see, at first,
was those other mounds that covered the
flat knoll. The bluish glow that had
lighted up the place when we first came
had died away; but there was that sort of
phosphorous haze about some of the
mounds, and I gradually made out some
dark objects lying or hunkered up on all
of them. In most cases, there were two
of them on each mound—one lying across
the other.

  In a flash, I knew what those dark
shapes were! One of each pair was a
man of our party; the other was the thing
that owned the mound. ... It was horri-
ble, I tell you! Those devils were lying
there on our poor fellows, still and quiet,
like dogs that have gorged on too much
meat. Pff-f!

  I remembered that I didn’t have time
to get sick at the stomach. You compre-
hend, I wanted to be going, to get away
from there and bring back help to Greg-
ory. The way we had come was mostly
over a dry path through the swamp; I
wondered if I could slip across the knoll
and get back the same way. I started to
find out, crawling on hands and knees,
and holding my breath to keep from mak-
ing a sound.

  One of the mounds was close by, but
I crawled past it without anything happen-

                     W. T.—4
THE LAST OF PLACIDE’S WIFE

353

ing. After going a little further, I saw
that, whichever way I turned, there was
nothing for it but to creep between two
more. I went forward inch by inch, cold
sweat running down into my eyes. But
the things lying on the mounds kept lying
there. They were so close together that I
had to crawl near enough to see that the
mounds were heaps of turned-up raw
clods; there was an open hole to the side
of them. Dully, I wondered how much
trouble it was for the things to pull the
dirt in on top of them, when they crawled
in their holes at sun-up. . . . My heart
stood still when the one on my right made
a noise in its throat, and moved a little.
But it was quiet, after that, and I crept on.

  There was not much farther to go until
I would be on the path through the
swamp. One more heap of raw clods I
had to pass; but there was a clump of
those low bushes near it, that would hide
me as I passed. I reached the bushes,
when a low squeaking noise made me sink
flat on my stomach. I listened, my ears
strained like my nerves, and heard it again
—it seemed to come from over my head.
I looked up. The white skeleton of a dead
cypress stood on the other side of that
grave the bushes grew by. Hanging to the
lowest limb of the dead tree was a black
something that looked like a bat—only it
couldn’t be. But it was! A bat as big as
one of those buzzards, hanging there by
its feet, and making overgrown squeaks,
as bats do in their sleep.

  I went around the bushes, hugging the
ground. I had that bat all figured out, you
understand—there had been only one
black splotch on those clods under the
dead cypress!

  The bat was too much on my mind. I
didn’t notice where I was going. Some-
thing moved, out there ahead of me. I
had run right onto another one of those
vampire nests—two glowing eyes glared
W. T.—5

into mine, and a great wolf-thing—that
I knew was no wolf!—rose up from on
the other side of a hole, not twenty feet

away!

   The wolf snarled; I could see the gleam
of its teeth in the dim moonlight. I knew
that I was caught, that I had to run for
it. There was no use in waiting there for
that thing to come slobbering at my
throat. The swamp was right ahead of
me. I jumped up and dashed for it; and
that wolf howled and dashed after me!

Never did I go anywhere as fast as
I went from that place. The howls
of the wolf behind me roused the knoll;
a dozen howls answered, as if that many
of the vampires took up the chase in the
form of wolves. I had no thonght of
path, now; but plunged in blind fear
through the swamp. Once more I felt
of the little silver medal of the Virgin
hung around my neck; I felt it while I
called silently on all the saints I could re-
member.

  The wolf panted at my heels, and only
my terrible fright kept me ahead of it for
so long. It was bound to catch me—I
could almost feel its hot breath on my
back. I whirled, just as the beast put on
an extra spurt, to spring at my shoulders.
What good my bare hands could have
done against that slavering terror, I can
not imagine; but I threw them out, in-
stinctively.

  Something strange happened. One
clenched hand had torn the blessed little
medal from its cord around my neck. That
was pure accident; and it was also acci-
dent that I cast that medal straight into
the open maw of the mad beast as it
sprang at me. For one terrible instant I
felt the hot stinking breath of the thing
in my face. Then it dropped down, buck-
ing and making choking noises in its
throat.
354

WEIRD TALES

  Whether the holiness of the little medal
had anything to do with it, or whether it
was a plain case of the wolf-thing chok-
ing on it, I neither knew nor cared. The
main thing was for me to go on while the
going was good; and I did.

  Suddenly out of the darkness behind
me came a furious squeaking, and some-
thing beat at my head, scratching my
cheek. It was a great bat, like the one I
had seen hanging to the dead cypress; and
another joined it. Their little eyes blazed
like red fires of hate, and the wings that
beat at me were as heavy as a man’s arms.
They beat me down on my knees in the
mud. The howling of the vampire wolves
from the knoll came closer and closer
through the swamp.

  Without thinking, I dug handfuls of
the soft mud at my knees, flinging the
slimy stuff into the squeaking faces of
the monster bats. It seemed to annoy
them, for they squeaked furiously and
darted up out of reach. I used the sec-
ond before they swooped back, to spring
to my feet and stagger on. Then they
were on me again, their heavy wings bat-
tering at my head, the claws on the wings
scratching my face until the blood ran
down onto my neck. A great, fire-eyed
owl swooped suddenly down and joined
the bats. The werewolves were so close
that I saw their dark forms, their flaming
eyes; and there were other dark shapes
running with them, like men, but with
eyes that blazed like theirs.

  I felt the clinging mud beneath my feet
go thin, become water that wet my ankles.
I could go no farther; the heavy wings
pounded at my head, and I slipped and
fell sprawling. Half choked with slimy
water, I lay as I fell, lifting my head only
to clear my nose and mouth. The water
slowly crawled against my chin. Too ex-
hausted to get up, or even to move or put
my arms over my head to keep off those

terrible wings, I waited without hope for
an awful end.

  Nothing happened. The wolves came
dashing up, so close that I heard their
panting, between yelps and snarling
growls. Turning over on one elbow, I
looked back and wondered. There were
the wolves, whimpering and slavering,
not more than a couple of yards from my
feet; and the red-eyed things in the shapes
of men snarled there with them. In the
air a half-dozen of the bats whirled and
squeaked, and a pair of huge black owls
with fiery eyes like saucers whirled with
them. But none of the swooping things
passed over my head; none of the whin-
ing pack sprang at me!

  Suddenly I knew what held them back.
Years and years before, some one had
sunk what was hoped to be an oil well,
on this part of the island. The well came
in, flowing nothing but salt water, and
was left there without even the casing
being pulled. After all these years, a lit-
tle water still flows occasionally from that
old well, and seeps through the swamp
to the bayou. I lay in water that flowed,
however shallow and sluggish—and those
vampires could not cross or enter run-
ning water, nor even fly above it!

  As long as I lay there I was safe! But
I could not lie there until morning sent
the devil pack scampering to its holes,
because of Gregory. I must get back to
him before it was too late. I knew that
old well was not far from the fork of the
bayou nearest Labranch. The things that
whined for my blood could not follow ex-
cept by scampering all the way around
the head of that blessed water. Perhaps
I could beat them to the bayou bank.
Well, I would try! So!

  I staggered to my feet, shaking my fist
at the things like men and wolves that
yowled their helpless hate at me, and at
those other things that hooted and
THE LAST OF PLACIDE’S WIFE

355

squeaked, swooping above them through
the trees.

Ihad my breath back now, was no long-
er weak and panting. Splashing out
of the water, I started for the bayou as
fast as my legs would take me. The thirst-
ing things behind me yelped and raced
off to round the old well, and so come
at me again. God, how I ran! And
thanked heaven as I ran, that there was
not much except solid ground under my
feet, so far, nor much undergrowth to
slow my pace.

   On I went, until I began to pant for
breath again. Hope of reaching the bayou
rose, for I knew it could not be much
farther away, and I had not yet heard
any more of the howling devils on my
track. Just as I was about to slow down
and take it easier, I heard them again,
yelping in the distance but coming like
the rush of wind. On I staggered; on to
the bayou. I could sense the nearness of
the saving stream, now. Two hundred
yards ahead through the darkness ... a
hundred. . . .

  Silently, without warning, the bats
swarmed out of the swamp at my back.
They came in a cloud, great devil owls
with the monster bats, swooping, beating
again at my head. I struggled on, on. .. .

  The wolves came up; close behind
them padded the things like men with
eyes of fire. There were so many that
they were in one another’s way; and that
was all that saved me from being torn to
pieces at once. The great bats beat me
with their wings, and tore at my face with
hooked claws. One of the men vampires
seized my wrist. This time, I knew that
my end had surely come.

   It was horrible to die like that, and
with the bayou so near—horrible to die
an unclean death from which I would rise
up to be one of those things that howled

for my blood! I went mad for a moment,
and fought with such fury that I held
them off a little longer, screaming as I
fought. And then—even in my madness,
I heard what it was that made those snarl-
ing things fall bade and stand quivering,
listening: I had screamed—and the cries
of many men answered from near by in
the swampf

  Even while we stood frozen, those
fiends and I together, points of light
showed faintly, moving through the trees.
Lights—lanterns!—and the voices of men!

  "Help!” I cried. "This way—help!”

  Again my cry was answered; and some
one fired three shots, as if they were a sig-
nal. Farther off, the baying of hounds
sounded, and three rapid, answering
shots.

  The things around me, all but one of
the werewolves, turned and rushed to
meet the men who were running up with
lights. The lone beast sprang in to finish
me, but I fought so desperately, now that
help was near, that it could not get at my
throat It knocked me from my feet, and
we rolled and fought on the ground. I
knew there could be but one end to this
business; but shots rang out from close at
hand, and yelps and howls mingled with
shouts and curses of men. There was
something—something of surprize and
fear and pain—in the howls that made
the beast leave off its slashing at me. It
sprang back, bristling, its red eyes glaring
redder than ever. Suddenly it let out one
howl of its own, and raced to join the
pack.

Staggering to my feet, I saw that a
mad fight was on, there among the
trees. Dark figures blazed away with
guns that spit fire in the murk; others
stabbed at wolf and bat and red-eyed
vampires in the shapes of men, with
pointed wooden stakes. Every time a
356

WEIRD TALES

gun roared, there would be a shriek of
agony, and a bat-thing would fall thud-
ding to the ground; a wolf would spring
high into the air, yowling its hate; or a
thing like a man with blazing eyes would
scream and fall writhing.

  But the guns were few, and the men
with stakes were not having things all
their own way. Some of them fell, and I
don’t like to remember it. The vampires
greatly outnumbered the others, you un-
derstand; But the baying of hounds
came nearer and nearer. The dogs them-
selves burst into view, furious and eager
to join the fight. They rushed in—and
yelped with sudden terror when they
found what things they had to fight. Here
were creatures no dogs could stand against.
The poor beasts turned and fled!

  But other men followed the dogs; and
two of these had guns that joined the few
already roaring. Now the odds changed;
and suddenly something else happened.
Except for maybe a dozen that were lying
still on the ground—there were no vam-
pires! The bats shot off through the trees;
wolves streaked into the bushes; the things
that looked like men faded into a gust
of wind that swept away into the swamp!

  I stumbled forward, and some one
came to meet me. It was Sheriff Desarde.

   "Hey, you, Delacroix!” he cried, "what’s
happened down here? Where’s Gregory
and the rest of your fellows?” Somebody
had a canteen of water, and handed it to
me. I gulped half of it down my dry
throat before I started urging the sheriff
toward that knoll where I had left Greg-
ory with Nita. Tired as I was, I thought
I could guide the sheriff and his men back
over the way I had escaped, and I was in
a hurry to go. I told Desarde what had
taken place, in as few words as possible,
and we set off at double time.

  "They’ll know we’re coming, and not
all of them were here,” I warned the
sheriff. Desarde was confident.

  "I was in Baton Rouge this morning,”
he told me as we went, "and Legendre”
—Rene Legendre is his chief deputy, you
understand—"didn’t know what to do
when Gregory’s men came in with his
note about old Jules Landry’s disappear-
ance, and saying he was going to go into
the swamp and round up the "gipsies.” I
got back to town just before another man
came in from your camp, saying you fel-
lows hadn’t come back. It was seven
o’clock then, and I knew what had hap-
pened—I was a grown man when Placide
Duboin married that Nita, and I know
as much about her as anybody!

  "I got a gunsmith to jerk the lead out
of enough bullets for a half-dozen guns,
and put silver in them, instead. That
was all we had time to wait for; so I gave
the rest of them some poles I had, already
sharpened, ready to stake out some pole
beans I’m growing; we took them by the
church and wet them plenty, in the font
of holy water ... I got a pint flask of
holy water on my hip, too.”

  You can believe me, I was glad the
sheriff was born in this country, and had
more sense about some things than men
who thought they were a lot smarter—
Gregory, for instance! So!

WE came to the knoll, all right; and
a lot quicker than I had been in
getting away. The place was dark, but
we could see red eyes glaring at us out of
the blackness. The vampires were there
waiting for us, ready to fight for their
nest.

  "Gregory!” Desarde shouted; "where
are you?” There was no answer, either
then or when the sheriff yelled again,
louder. We hesitated, and Desarde called
for all the men with lanterns to bring
them to the front. Then something swept
down at us, and sharp claws raked my
face. The sheriff cursed and fired at
THE LAST OF PLACIDE’S WIFE

357

something that slashed at his own head.
It was like a signal; the fight was on.

  Something snarled and rushed at me.
There was a lantern on the ground in
back of me, and I recognized, with satis-
faction, the old devil who had brought
me to the knoll in the first place. I had
one of the stakes Desarde had brought,
and it was pointed like a toothpick. I
jabbed the old one in the stomach with
it. He howled and hopped back, but
started for me again.

  "Aho, sale vieux!” I told him; "You
want a better one, I see—well, take it!”
And I drove it at his breast with all my
strength. Uh-h! Did you ever drive a
sharp pole into anybody’s chest, vampire
or otherwise? Neither did I, until then,
but you comprehend that it was not nice
. . . the way he crunched!

  (Wait till I get a drink on that!

You-? Oh, very well then! You

never pushed a sharp pole into anything
that crunched and squalled!)

  Well! That old fellow flopped down
like a bundle of rags. I pulled my stake
out of him and jabbed up at a bat’s stom-
ach. It squealed and wheeled away.
Snarling and growling things fought all
over the place. The lanterns on the
ground made just enough light to see a
little; some of them were overturned
and broken.

  A wolfish shape sprang snarling into
my face. I jabbed at it with my pole and
missed, and then I was down. Desarde’s
gun roared, and the loup-garou went limp
on top of me. I pushed it off and scram-
bled up. The sheriff was blazing away
only whenever he was sure of a hit; he
had none of the silver bullets to waste.
Suddenly the fight died away. There was
nothing there for us to fight! As before,
the vampire pack had melted into the
forest.

  "Now,” I reminded, "we find Greg-
ory—and Nita!”

  Desarde called a half-dozen men to
bring lanterns, and told the rest to hurry
and surround the knoll, and be on the
lookout for a return of the pack. I
rushed to the mound where I had left
Nita and Gregory, the sheriff and the
men with lanterns running with me. Not
sure of what to expect, but in fear that
Nita had run into the swamp with her
pack, I pushed through the bushes.

Whatever I thought to find, it was
not what the lanterns at my back
showed. Gregory was on his knees, hold-
ing tight to Nita, who’ struggled and
fought in his arms like a wild thing.
Silent, panting, she clawed at his face,
and he hunched his chin tight on her
shoulder to protect himself from her
sharp teeth.

  "Quit fighting,” Gregory pleaded,
"these are my friends, and they won’t
hurt you.”

  "Let me go, fool!” Nita screamed at
him. "Let me go!”

  Why she was not able to fade from
his arms and whisk herself away, what
had passed between her and Gregory
that may have made her powerless in
his arms, I do not know. But Gregory
held tight to her, though she screamed
now and fought like a mad thing. De-
sarde brushed past me.

  "Let her loose, Greg!” the sheriff
cried—"Move out of the way and I’ll
quiet her with a silver bullet.”

  Nita screamed louder; the howls of
her pack ranged in closer. Gregory jerked
his head around at us, unmindful that
Nita seized the opportunity to bite sav-
agely at his exposed neck.

  "No!” he cried, in startled alarm. "She’s
mine from now on—I’ll take care of her,
and you won’t have to worry about her,
now. Go away and let us alone!”

  What do you know about that? I
thought Gregory was playing up to Nita
358

WEIRD TALES

so she wouldn’t watch me, and I could get
away—and he meant it, all along! He
had actually fallen for that bloodsucking
thing! He put his body between her and
Desarde, and managed to stagger to his
feet with her kicking in his arms.

  The sheriff thought Gregory was crazy.
So did I, as far as that goes, and I think
so, now—no man could take a vampire
in his arms and keep sane! Desarde was
afraid to fire at Nita, for fear of hurting
Gregory. He seemed to have a sudden
idea; for I saw him grab at his hip pocket.

  "Let’s see what this’ll do!” he mut-
tered, pulling out the flask of holy water.
"I can sprinkle this on both of them.”

  He slopped the water from the un-
corked bottle on the pair, wetting Gregory
as much as Nita. Greg started away with
her, taking long steps and not seeming
to mind the water; but she shrieked and
howled, twisting as if Desarde had poured
acid on her.

  "Close in!” the sheriff cried to us.
"Take her away from him and let’s fin-
ish this!”

  Gregory heard him, and began to run
toward the swamp with Nita. Desarde
started to jump after him. Then, with-
out any warning, Nita’s pack burst onto
the knoll from qut of the woods, and hell
broke loose again. Howling, snarling
and squeaking, fiends like wolves and bats
and men flung themselves upon us, and
between us and the poor fool who car-
ried the mistress of them all.

  We were hard pressed for a minute,
and two of our men went down and never
got up. Poor fellows! But heavy odds
were with us in point of numbers, since
we had killed at least a dozen in the first
two fights; and there were still a few
silver bullets in the guns. The vampires
gave way, and then we realized that they
were really beaten, and only fought to
keep us away from Gregory and Nita.

  We punched and jabbed with the
sharpened stakes; now and then a gun
blazed, whenever a sure shot offered. The
blackness of the swamp was beginning
to take on a gray tinge. Under the threat
of dawn, the howls of the things became
uneasy. We pushed on after Gregory
with less resistance. The light grew, and
we could see him staggering along ahead.
Nita sagged limp and dangling in his
arms.

  The things swirling around us, just
out of reach, began to change their snarls
to whimpers. Two of them ran up to
Gregory, fluttering around him like two
frightened old women. He shook them
off and tottered on. On toward the banks
of the bayou, that showed through the
grayness, not far away.

  There was sudden silence around us,
for a moment. Snarls and whimpers
hushed. Then, as if at a signal, the vam-
pire pack whirled and raced away behind
us.

  Understanding flashed through my
brain; and it was queer how I felt a little
touch of pity for those things. They
could not face the sun, and scampered
away to their holes, where we would find
them with our stakes before another
night. . . .

  Gregory stood swaying, facing us with
his back to the bayou. We came slowly
closer, seeing that his face was drawn
and weary. He carried dead weight that
must have felt like lead in his arms; Nita
hung limp, moaning.

  "Get back!” Gregory demanded hoarse-
ly. "You can’t shoot me, and I won't
let you touch her. I’m too tired for it,
but if you come closer, I’ll jump in the
bayou and try to swim across with her—
if I drown, it’ll be the same as if you
murdered me.”

  Desarde stepped slowly forward, emp-
ty hands outstretched, intending to try
THE LAST OF PLACIDE’S WIFE

359

reasoning with him. Gregory misunder-
stood, turned to jump, even while the
sheriff cried to him to wait. Nita jerked
suddenly to life, shrieking as she saw
the water under them.

  "No!” she screamed. For a fraction
of a second, while Gregory tottered on
the bank, she bit and clawed, and fought
to tear his arms away. Desarde ran
toward them, and we with him. But we
were too late. Nita gave one last awful
scream of fear, as Gregory toppled with
her to the water. . . .

  There was a blinding flash, a blue-
white sheet of flame that burned up the
air we breathed. It burned to the back
of our eyeballs. For long minutes we
stood there, arms across our eyes, blinded,
and afraid to move. Finally that passed,
and we could see again. But there was
nothing upon the surface of the bayou;
the black water flowed on as it always
had: creeping darkly toward the bay.
What happened, or how, I don’t pretend
to know. Nor why. But all my life I’ve
heard it said, vampires can cross no flow-
ing water! Gregory had tried to take
Nita. .. . And that flame; and they were
gone. . . .

  God! Let’s have a drink!

* * # # #

I am interested in folklore, and had lis-
tened to Delacroix more for that rea-
son than any odier. Otherwise, I can not
explain why my patience burst bounds
no sooner.

  "I don’t want a drink, and you’ve al-
ready had too many.” I was angry, and
let him have it straight. "I heard talk in
the town about a wild fight the sheriff’s

posse had with a gang of gipsies on the
island; and then you waste my time with
a version that would make Munchausen
green with envy.”

  Delacroix laughed shortly. "You don’t
expect the people who know the truth to
tell it to outsiders, do you? And be called
crazy, or liars like you’re calling me?”

  "Anyway,” I retorted, "you’d better
sober up and be on the job in the morn-
ing. If your past record wasn’t unusually
good, I’d fir-e you now!”

  "Oh!” Delacroix exclaimed innocently,
"I forgot to tell you: When we went back
to the knoll to take care of what was left
to do, I hung back and did some private
digging of my own! OldPlacide’s money
was there, just as Nita said. . . .”

  Reaching into a pocket, he drew out
a wallet. As he carelessly flipped the con-
tents with his thumb, a sheaf of old cur-
rency showed for a minute, like the open
corner of a fan. The bills were faded and
dirty, and their size proved them of old-
fashioned issue. Old and soiled they may
have been, but the four numerals in their
corners seemed very vivid to my startled
eyes.

  "Just a tin box and a little oilskin-
wrapped pack of greenbacks,” Delacroix
observed. "But big ones! So! The only
reason I’m here is because I can’t get a
train to New Orleans for a couple more
hours. . . .

  "You better have a drink before you
go? All right! Whether you do, or
whether you don’t”—he looked up, his
grin taking the malice from his parting
shot—"you take your job and go hop in
the bayou—and see what happens to
you!”
Vhe y

   Z^ye of Truth

By ARLTON EADIE

IA fascinating story of a Greek who found strange powers in
the ruins of a temple in Boeotia

~M

ESSIEURS, mesdames, faites vos
jeuxP’

  With a sharp twist of his
right hand the croupier set the roulette
wheel in motion, and a moment later he
threw the little ivory ball upon the spin-
ning disk. A tense, breathless hush fell
upon the circle of well-dressed men and
women seated round the green-covered
table; the only sound to be heard was the
merry clicking of the tiny ivory ball as it
leaped and spun in its dance of fortune.

  Gradually the wheel slowed down
until the alternating red and black sec-
tions could be faintly distinguished—
slower still, until one could see the blur
of the numbers on the outer rim of white
—slower and slower, until the eye could
follow the tiny white ball as it circled
round in one of the black sections of the
wheel, and read the number marked upon
the rim.

"D:x, noir, .pair et manque!” an-
nounced the droning voice of the croupier.

  For a few seconds he plied his rake
deftly, whisked away the stakes of those
who had lost, pushing their winnings
across to those on whom fortune had
smiled.

  "The Count wins again!” whispered
one woman to her neighbor. "Ma foi!
but he has the luck of le grand diable
himself!”

  The other woman sighed enviously as
she watched her few notes go to swell
the great pile opposite the man referred to.

  "Ah, but he is one who has the cour-
age to flout Dame Fortune by turning his
360

back on her while she smiles upon him.
See—he is about to leave the table.”

  "Vraiment! he can well afford to be
content,” exclaimed the first speaker.
"Tonight he has won a fortune!”

  "Last night he did the same-—and the
night before, too. Many times have I
watched him, tempted to follow his play,
yet fearing that such luck can not hold.
But it does hold. Tenez! it is beyond be-
lief! Who is he?”

  The other woman raised her pencilled
eyebrows and shrugged.

  "Ah, many people have asked that
question without finding an answer to it.
The man is a mystery. Nobody knows
his name, so the habitues of the tables have
invented one for him. They call him
'Count Roulette’.”

  Meanwhile the object of their conver-
sation had risen leisurely to his feet, swept
together his winnings and thrust them
carelessly into his pocket. He was a tall
and extremely handsome man, although
well past the prime of life, if one might
judge by the snowy whiteness of his hair
and the long pointed beard which covered
the lower portion of his face. Yet his
skin, though pale as old ivory, showed
scarcely a trace of a wrinkle, while his
dark eyes shone beneath their heavy
brows with a keen vivacity that seemed
almost youthful.

  The moment he rose there was a rush
of bystanders to occupy the "lucky chair;”
but he did not even glance toward them
as he crossed to the door leading to the
atrium, where all hats and coats must be
THE EYE OF TRUTH

361

deposited. Before he could reach it his
arm was seized violently from behind.

  ''Pardon, monsieur,” the speaker, a to-
tal stranger to him, was quivering with
eagerness and excitement. "You play on
a system—yes? I will pay your own price
for the secret of it!”

  The man who had won a fortune
paused and regarded the other for a mo-
ment through the old-fashioned glass
which he usually wore suspended from
his neck by a fine gold chain.

  "I have no system, monsieurhe said
coldly. His French was perfect, but he
spoke it with a slight intonation which

seemed to indicate it was not his native
tongue.

The man’s grip tightened on his arm.
"No system?” he whispered in a voice
of hoarse incredulity. "Yet you win, and

win, and win-”

  "True, monsieur” For the first time
that evening a faint smile lightened the
habitual sadness of the bearded man’s
face. "I win because—unfortunately—I
can not lose. I have the honor of wishing
you good-night—and better fortune.”

  He released his arm with a quick move-
ment and, before the other could recover
from his astonishment, passed through
362

WEIRD TALES

the swinging doors into the vestibule.
Tendering his numbered vestaire check, he
received his hat and overcoat, and as the
attendant was helping him to don the lat-
ter, one of the frock-coated officials ap-
proached and whispered in his ear.

  "Would it not be well if a gendarme
accompanies monsieur to his hotel? The
hour is late, and you have a large sum
of money in your possession, and there
have been instances where players have

been robbed of their winnings-”

  ''Pray have no fear,” interrupted the
Count. "I have a . . . a friend not far
away.”

  "As monsieur pleases.”

The official returned to his post in the
gaming-room and the other stepped
out into the palm-shaded path that led
through the gardens of the Casino. As
he disappeared, two men, who had quit-
ted the tables a few seconds before him,
emerged from the shadows and followed
noiselessly in his wake.

  Stepping out briskly and inhaling with
evident relief the cool sea breeze which
swept in from the Mediterranean—
doubly refreshing after the vitiated, scent-
laden atmosphere of the crowded gaming-
rooms—the stranger soon reached the
curving terrace' overlooking the Pointe
Focianana. Here he came to a halt and,
lighting a cigar, leant his arms on the
stone balustrade and contemplated the
scene before him.

  Immediately below was the little square
harbor, with its twin lighthouses guard-
ing the entrance, their lights, red on one
side and green on the other, mirrored
with scarcely a break in the smooth, un-
ruffled waters. Beyond the harbor tow-
ered the fortress-crowned Rock of Mo-
naco, ancient, grim, rugged and gray, its
siege-scarred walls and bastions looking
down as though in savage contempt at the

ultra-modern Casino which, glittering
with a thousand lights and looking as
dainty as the white ornament on a bridal
cake, faced it across the bay.

  A faint crunching sound on the gravel
path behind him caused him to swing
round. Confronting him, their faces con-
cealed by masks, were two men, the fore-
most holding a revolver aimed straight at
his breast.

  "Your money, monsieur, or you die!”
The man with the white beard leaned
back against the balustrade and laughed
softly.

  "Pardon my mirth, messieurs, but one
would imagine that you had studied
your—er—profession at some opera

bouffe-”

  The right hand of the threatened man
made a quick movement toward his
breast, but it was merely to grasp the
curious eyeglass which dangled on its gold
chain. Raising it to his eye, he surveyed
each man in turn as coolly and dispassion-
ately as though he were inspecting two
rare specimens in a museum. So unex-
pected was that calm scrutiny that the
man with the pistol shrank back and
stood irresolute. But the other came for-
ward with a muttered curse.

  "Nom de Dieu, why do you waste time?
Put a bullet into the old cochon if he

won’t hand over-”

  Again the man with the white beard
laughed.

  "Your threats are empty, messieurs, as
empty as the weapon you threaten me
with. Your revolver is not loaded!”

  The two men stared at the speaker for
an instant in speechless amazement.

  "You are surprized that I know that,”
the old man continued, "but there are
many more things about you that I know
equally well. You”—he pointed to the
man who held the revolver—"are Raoul
Lecontier, otherwise known as 'Le Lapin/
THE EYE OF TRUTH

363

an apache badly wanted by the Surete
Generate of Paris for the murder of the
baker in the Rue du Petit Camas. Your
companion is Anton Grezan, otherwise
known as-”

  "Mille tonnerres! You know too much,
old man, to be allowed to live! Money or
no money, he mustn’t get away from
here!”

  Pocketing his empty pistol, the ruffian
slid a knife from his belt, and slowly and
cautiously the two began to approach their
victim. But the old man had no inten-
tion of allowing himself to be cornered.
Throwing his hat in the face of the fore-
most man, he dashed off to the right and
tore along a path which stretched dim
beneath the arching palms and sub-trop-
ical undergrowth, his assailants in hot
pursuit.	’

  “Help!” he cried, raising his voice and
speaking in English. "Help me! I am
beset by thieves!”

  With a promptitude that couid scarcely
have been excelled had the summons been
awaited, a figure rose from one of the
stone seats and placed itself in fighting
attitude between pursued and pursuers.
For an instant the two apaches paused;
then, with bared knives held ready for
the deadly upward lunge, they circled
round to attack the newcomer from both
sides simultaneously.

  But the man was evidently fully alive
to the importance of getting his attack in
first. Instead of making a retreat before
such odds, he sidestepped quickly and
with the force and dexterity of a trained
boxer, sent a lightning right and left to
the jaw of the nearest man.

  ' You’re down for the count, anyway,
my beauty!” he muttered as the French-
man sagged forward and pitched head-
long on to the gravel, his knife falling
from his hand. Giving the weapon a
kick which sent it slithering well out of

reach, the victor turned his attention to
the remaining man, but this time he
waited for his opponent’s move.

  It was not long in coming.

  "Mort de Dieu!” screamed Le Lapin,
springing forward with upraised knife.
"Dog of an Englishman—you die!”

  "Not on your life, monsieur!” came
back with a mocking laugh.

  What happened subsequently was en-
tirely beyond the apache’s experiences of
such encounters. The vague impression
he retained in his mind was that his in-
tended victim was in two places at once,
but before he had time to give this extraor-
dinary phenomenon due attention a fist
shot out of nowhere in particular and
landed with the force of a battering-ram
behind his left ear in what was—although
the recipient knew it not—a very scien-
tific and perfect "cross counter.”

  "Two!” said the victor, as the gallant
Lapin went to join his prostrate accom-
plice. "And now I should be glad to
know what all the fuss is about.”

  The white-bearded man, who load been
an interested spectator of the fight, now
stepped forward.

  "These two gentlemen very kindly of-
fered to relieve me of a few thousand
francs that I had won at the tables,” he
said with a slight smile. "When I de-
clined to allow them to act as my bankers,
they tried to kill me.”

  “Shall I hand them over to the po-
lice?” asked the young man.

  The other surveyed the limp forms of
his late antagonists, then shook his head.

  "I think they have learnt their lesson
not to molest inoffensive strangers. I will
drop a hint in the right quarter to insure
that Monte Carlo becomes too hot to hold
them another twenty-four hours. Really,”
he paused and regarded his rescuer
through his strange eyeglass, “I am rather
grateful to the rogues, since they have
364

WEIRD TALES

been the means of my becoming ac-
quainted with a young artist whom I have
long wished to know.”

  "Meaning myself?” The surprize in
the young man’s voice was too deep to be
disguised.

  "Exactly. As a matter of fact, I ran
down this rather dark and forbidding path
well knowing that I should find you
seated at the farther end, and I may add,
well knowing, too, that you would not fail
me in my hour of need.”

  The other gave a laugh of frank in-
credulity.

  "Your good opinion of me is very flat-
tering, sir, but I fear you must be mis-
taken. How could you have foreseen that
I should be in the Casino gardens at this
hour of the night? Why, I’m positive that
I have spoken to no one of my intention
to come here; in fact I did not make up
my mind to do so until——”

   "Exactly a quarter past five this after-
noon, when you were packing up your
paints and easel after completing your
picture of the distant Citadel of Monaco.”

They had fallen into step together and
had been walking along the avenue
which runs parallel to the Quai de Plais-
ance, but as the older man made this
extraordinary remark the young artist
stopped dead and stared at him in amaze-
ment.

  "How could you possibly have known
what was in my thoughts?” he cried.

  The other shrugged slightly, and a
wistful smile rose to his bearded lips.

  "I am a man who knows many things
that are hidden in the hearts of others,” he
said slowly, "though it is doubtful whether
I am to be envied my knowledge. For
instance, although you are living in an
obscure lodging in the unfashionable
quarter of the town, I know that you are

Frank Hartley, the only son of Matthew
Hartley, the millionaire oil-king.”

  "Quite correct,” the young man admit-
ted. "But such information might have
been gained by a few discreet inquiries. I
must have more convincing proof than
that if I am to believe in your boasted
omniscience. Tell me, for instance, the
most important thing that I intend to do
tomorrow.”

  The old man raised his eyeglass to his
eye and favored Frank Hartley with a
long stare.

  "The most important thing that you in-
tend to do tomorrow, Mr. Hartley—al-
though you have not yet quite made up
your mind to take the plunge—is to ask
Lady Vanda Delafer to become your
wife.”

  The statement seemed to strike the
young man speechless. For a moment he
stood rigid and motionless with sheer
amazement, and the other went on:

  "If an old man may offer a little ad-
vice to one younger than himself, I would
counsel you to beware of putting too
much trust in new-found friends—no
matter how beautiful and fascinating.
Remember that, although your father has
disinherited you because you chose to fol-
low art instead of leading the idle, useless
life of a fashionable man about town—•
remember, I repeat, that he may relent
before he dies, and Frank Hartley, heir to
the Hartley millions, may succeed in love
where Frank Hartley, as the penniless ar-
tist, would be rejected with scorn.”

  Hartley started forward and seized the
old man’s shoulder.

  "Who are you?” he demanded fiercely.
“Men call me 'Count Roulette,’ and
that name will serve as well as any other,”
the unknown answered with a shrug.
"My home is that large steam yacht, the
Veritas, which you can see moored at the
quay yonder. As for my occupation—
THE EYE OF TRUTH

365

well, I can only describe myself as a
seeker.”

  "A seeker?” Frank repeated wondering-
ly. "What do you seek, then? Is it love?
—fame?—riches?”

  With a slow, inscrutable smile, Count
Roulette shook his head.

   "I seek none of those things, my friend,
but rather a thing that one might imagine
to be much easier to find. Yet I find my
quest strangely difficult—so difficult, in-
deed, that until this night I have almost
despaired of accomplishing it. But now

I have hopes-” He paused and with

a slow, impressive movement raised to his
eye the curious eyeglass which dangled on
its gold chain, intently scrutinizing the
young man’s features as he muttered to
himself, "Yes, most decidedly I have
hopes—now.”

   Then, dropping the glass, he raised his
hat with a courtly, old-fashioned bow and
hurried away, walking with rapid strides
down the inclined road which led to the
harbor.

  Frank Hartley watched him until he
turned the corner, a puzzled frown on his
rather handsome features.

  "He must be crazed—obsessed by a fan-
tastic quest,” he muttered as he turned
away. "Yet the poor old fellow looked

so kindly — so intelligent-” He

started suddenly as his thoughts flew back
to the old man’s strange words. "But
all the same it’s mighty queer how he
came by his knowledge of my private af-
fairs, and was able to guess my intentions
regarding Lady Vanda. Yes, it’s very
queer ... I wonder. . . .”

  He pondered deeply over the problem
as he made his way through the silent
streets to his lodging in the older and less
fashionable district known as La Conda-
mine. But when he fell asleep that night
he had advanced no farther toward the
solution of the mystery which surrounded

the strange, white-bearded man whose
amazing luck had gained for him the title
of "Count Roulette.”

IN the daintily decorated breakfast room
of a suite de luxe in the most exclusive
and expensive hotel in Monte Carlo, two
people were seated the following morning.
Neither of them seemed to have much ap-
petite for the breakfast which the waiter
had just set out on the table in the window
overlooking the sea. The girl, a strikingly
handsome blond attired in a wrapper of
coral-pink silk, was puffing at a per-
fumed cigarette while she manipulated a
cocktail-shaker with the facility of an
expert.

  There was a strong facial likeness be-
tween her and the man who was lounging
on the settee, glancing through a Conti-
nental edition of an English newspaper—
a likeness which was rendered even more
striking by his effeminate air, drawling
utterance, and languid movements.

  The Honorable Bobby Delafer was two
years older than his sister Vanda, but
hers was the dominating will, and in the
not infrequent discussions as to the best
ways and means of what in less exalted
society is termed "raising the wind,” hers
was the casting vote which decided their
tactics. For, although the ancestral heads
of the house of Delafer had bequeathed
to their descendants an ancient and—out-
wardly, at least—unsullied title, there had
been no fat rent-roll accompanying it.

  The present Lord Delafer, the tenth of
his line, had early in his career evinced a
partiality for high stakes at cards, and this
taste, combined with a certain novel and
dexterous method of manipulating them,
had caused him to resign his commission
in a crack cavalry regiment at the urgent
and very caustic request of his command-
ing officer. At the present time he was
drawing a very modest and precarious in-
366

WEIRD TALES

come by allowing his name to figure on
the lists of directors of sundry newly
fledged mining companies. To his two
offspring he had given his fatherly advice
and blessing before launching them on the
sea of life, to trim their sails by such
favoring winds as fate might send, in the
hope of berthing in the snug and secure
haven of a rich marriage.

  To the Honorable Bobby this much-de-
sired consummation seemed as far off as
ever; the enterprising Vanda, however,
had at one time seemed (to maintain the
nautical simile) almost on the point of
hooking her anchor firmly in the golden
shoals accumulated by old Matthew Hart-
ley. With infinite patience she had cul-
tivated the acquaintance of his only son,
Frank, even going to the length of taking
lessons in art—a thing she heartily de-
tested. To the generous and unsuspicious
young student she appeared like a kindred
soul. Friendship ripened quickly into
that camaradarie which prevails in the stu-
dios, and that in turn ripened — on
Frank’s part at least—to a deep and abid-
ing love. Then, with the prize almost
within her grasp, came the bombshell
which shattered her hopes. Quite cas-
ually, as though it were a thing of but
little importance, Frank happened to men-
tion that his father had quarrelled with
him because he had chosen to become an
artist, and that his hopes of inheriting the
bulk of the old man’s millions were very
slender.

  Frank had been considerably puzzled
by her sudden and unaccountable coolness
toward him, but little did he realize the
real reason for it. Indifferent to wealth
himself, he credited the adorable Vanda
with a like disinterestedness. He might
have seen fit to revise his opinion of that
lady had he seen her that morning as she
filled two tall glasses with the fog-colored

liquor from the shaker, and raised one of
them in a sardonic toast.

  "Here’s to our next venture, Bobby—
and may it prove a more profitable stunt
than angling for a paint-slinging fool of
a pauper!”

  The Honorable Bobby shook his head
slightly as he sipped his cocktail.

  "Not quite a pauper, Vanda,” he cor-
rected. "He has a bit of an income-”

  "Yes—enough to pay my hair-dressing
and beauty-parlor bills.” There was a
sneer of her carmined lips that revealed
little cruel lines at the corners of her
mouth. "No, I’m afraid the dear inno-
cent Frank Hartley is a back number as far
as I am concerned. I might have been
able to tolerate him as a husband with a
million or two to burn, but he’d drive me
crazy as a love-in-a-cottage partner. I’ll
write to him this morning and tell him
that I’m through—that I’m 'wedded to
my art’—like he is, the poor fish!”

   Bobby, who had been listlessly glancing
down the columns of the paper, now
looked up with a sudden exclamation.

"Hold on, my dear. You’re travelling
a bit too rapid. I’d leave that note unwrit-
ten for a day or two, if I were you.”
"Why?” she demanded harshly. "If
you imagine for a moment that I’m going

to waste my chances on-”

  "Waste nothing!” he jerked out sharp-
ly. "Just read that.”

  He laid the paper before her and
pointed to a paragraph half-way down the
middle page.

  Vanda snatched up the paper and hast-
ily scanned the headline, her breast rising
and falling rapidly, her hands trembling
with an excitement which she did not at-
tempt to control.

MILLIONAIRE DIES INTESTATE
DRAMATIC COLLAPSE OF
MR. MATTHEW HARTLEY IN OFFICE
SEARCH FOR MISSING HEIR
THE EYE OF TRUTH

367j

  The actual report was brief, merely in-
timating that the well-known oil magnate
had died of a heart attack while attend-
ing to his private correspondence in his
London office. Then followed the usual
outline of the dead man’s career, with a
list of the various companies and com-
bines in which he had held a controlling
interest. It was the final paragraph which
caused a wave of wild elation to mount to
Vanda Delafer’s brain:

   The solicitors of the late Mr. Hartley have made
known the extraordinary news that the dead mil-
lionaire has left no will, in which case it is to be
presumed that the whole of his immense fortune
will devolve on his only son. Although his actual
whereabouts is at present unknown, Mr. Frank
Hartley is believed to be travelling on the Con-
tinent. Inquiries are being set on foot, and he is
requested to communicate without delay with
Messrs. Harrow and Brett, solicitors, of Gray’s Inn
Square, London.

She tossed the paper aside and sprang
to her feet, her eyes shining, her sharp
white teeth showing in a smile of triumph.

"So Frank will be rich after all!” she
cried. "And I was about to give him up!”
Her brother shrugged his narrow shoul-
ders as he gave a smile of conscious supe-
riority.

  "Your impulsiveness will be your ruin
one of these days, my dear sister,” he
drawled. "Lucky for you that you have
me to give you a little brotherly guidance
now and then. If it had not been for me
you would have let that poor fish wriggle
off the hook after having played him so
patiently.”

  "No fear of that happening—now!”
The grating laugh which accompanied her
words seemed strangely at variance with
her delicate beauty. I’m willing to bet
that I’ll be murmuring a coy 'Yes’ to his
proposal some time today.”

  The Honorable Bobby favored his sister
with an approving grin.

  "Leave it until the shades of evening
are softly falling—he will feel more ro-

mantic then,” he advised with the certi-
tude of an adept in such matters. "But
for heaven’s sake don’t let him know
you’ve seen that report of his father’s
death.”

  Vanda received his advice as though it
were a personal affront.

  "Think I was born yesterday?” she
asked in a tone of acid reproof. "Leave
it to me, boy. I reckon there’s no flies on
your little sister when it comes to vamp-
ing a simp like that!”

  A discreet tap on the door interrupted
their conversation at this stage, and a mo-
ment later one of the hotel valets made
his appearance.

  "A young lady wishes to speak with’
madame,” he said.

  "Oh yes, show her up.” Vanda turned
to her brother with a little laugh when the
man had gone. "I’ve got a surprize for
you, Bobby. You never suspected that I
was a perfect unknown genius of an ar-
tist, did you? Well, I am—-or perhaps I
should say, I’m going to be one.”

  "Good lord!” Bobby gasped in sur-
prize. "Why, the only thing I’ve ever
seen you paint is your face!”

  "Don’t be horrid, or I shan’t tell you
how clever I’ve been. You know how
Frank absolutely raves over anything con-
nected with art? Well, I’m going to paint
some lovely pictures for him to gloat
over.”

  Bobby shook his head with a puzzled
air. "I can’t imagine you painting any-
thing that Frank Hartley is likely to gloat
over.”

  "You foolish boy, I’m not going to
paint them myself—I’m going to pose as
a genius by proxy. I saw a girl making
sketches on the Corniche Road yesterday
—just the style of thing that Frank raves
about—so I arranged to buy a few of her
pictures, so as to pass them off as my own
work--”
368

WEIRD TALES

  * 'But it's rather risky. Supposing-

  "Hush! here she is.”

  The girl who entered was slim and
dark, and of such remarkable beauty that
even the blase Bobby stared. Here was a
face almost Madonna-like in its serene
purity, with a clear complexion that had
been toned and ripened to rich damask
coloring by long hours in the open air,
and with steady blue-gray eyes which
looked so transparently sincere. Al-
though she might have passed for a girl
still in her teens, Mary Deane was twenty-
one, and her short experience of the
world had not been free either from
struggle or hardship. Adversity might
have robbed her of the illusions of youth,
but in their place it had given her poise,
and a dogged confidence in her own abil-
ity to win through.

  "Ah, good morning, Miss Deane.”
Vanda’s tone was slightly more gracious
than that which she used when addressing
her maid. "You have brought the
sketches, I see.”

  "Yes, and I have also brought the one
I was working on when you spoke to me
yesterday.”

  Mary Deane opened the leather port-
folio and took out four pictures and laid
them on the table. Bobby uttered a
sound which was intended to express ad-
miration.

  "By Jove, I’ve never seen anything I
like better.” His gaze was not on the pic-
tures as he spoke. "I could sit here and
feast my eyes for hours on such beauty.”
The girl made a slight inclination of
her head.

  "It is indeed a pleasure to meet such
an ardent admirer—of coast scenery,” she
said in a voice which betrayed a slight
tinge of irony. "There are so many other
attractions in Monte Carlo, that to many
visitors the natural beauties pass almost
unnoticed.”

  Catching her brother’s eye, Vanda gave
him a warning frown as he was about to
launch into another enthusiastic pan-
egyric.

  "I’m rather glad that you do not sign
your work,” was her own highly prac-
tical remark. "Personally, I think it’s
much nicer to have unsigned pictures
hanging on the walls—unless, of course,
they are by well-known artists—and, after
all, it is the painting itself, not the signa-
ture, that matters.”

  The ghost of a smile touched the lips of
Mary Deane as she listened. Hard and
practical experience had taught her dif-
ferent, and often in the past she had seen
a mediocre work bearing the signature
of a well-known R. A. eagerly snapped
up while a better work by an unknown
artist had failed to find a buyer.

  “Undoubtedly a famous name has its
value.” she contented herself with re-
marking. "But I fear that your ladyship'
is mistaken in assuming that my pictures
are quite unsigned. If you look very
closely in the corner of each picture you
will see a tiny monogram, M. D., my own
initials.”

  "By Jove, sounds quite doctorish —
what?” broke in Bobby.

  Vanda Delafer’s brows met in a frown
of annoyance as she bent over the pic-
tures, carefully examining the spot indi-
cated by the young artist. At last she
shook her head.

  "I can not see the monogram,” she said.

  "It is very difficult to make out,” Mary
explained. "For instance, in this picture
it is composed of the stems of the clump
of grass in the foreground; in this, it is
markings on the fragment of rock. It is
a queer little notion of my own to mark
my pictures in this way,” Mary Deane
went on with a smile, "a sort of a com-
promise between a signed picture and an
unsigned one. I suppose I must have just

                    W. T.—5
THE EYE OF TRUTH

369

sufficient of the artistic temperament to
prevent me writing my name in full, and
just too little to allow me to leave it out
altogether.”

  Vanda took another long look and a
sigh of relief escaped her lips.

   "But it is quite unnoticeable unless one
looked for the monogram,” she said.

  "Oh, quite.”

   "Then it really does not matter whether
it is there or not.” She placed the pictures
together and crossed to the bureau in the
comer of the room. “I will buy the four
pictures, Miss Deane. I think you said
you valued them at ten guineas each?
Very well, I will write you out a check
now.”

  She seated herself at the bureau, took
up a pen, and then started to search fran-
tically, pulling out the drawers and rum-
maging among the littered papers.

  ' Dear me, wherever could I have put
my check-book? One of those careless
maids must have mislaid it.” She turned
to the girl with a charming smile of
apology. "I’ll have to send the check on
to you, after all. Will you just scribble
the address where you are staying, so that
I can send the money on to you when my
check-book turns up? It’s frightfully an-
noying, but I hope you won’t mind the
slight delay?”

   "Not in the least, Lady Delafer.”

  Mary Deane wrote down the address
and Vanda dismissed her with a gracious
smile and the assurance that she would
receive the check by the first available
post.

   "Dear little trustful soul!” said Bobby,
after the door had closed on the unsus-
picious girl. "Where does she hang out?”

  He craned forward to read the address,
but his sister quickly snatched it away.

  "You’ll please keep out of this little
business, Bobby,” she said sharply. "If
Maxy Deane is trustful now, she wouldn’t
W. T.—6

be trustful long after you had started

amusing yourself with her.”

  The Honorable Bobby scowled sulkily
as he lit a cigarette.

  "All right. But it certainly amuses me
to hear you moralizing, my dear Vanda,”
he answered with a sneer. "How long
do you think she would have trusted you
if you’d written out that check? I know
the amount is only £42, but your present
bank balance is something of a minus
quantity.”

  There was a derisive smile on Lady
Vanda’s painted lips, and a light of sly
triumph glinted between her heavy eye-
lids,

  "Have no fear of that, my dear Bobby,”
she said calmly. "There will be plenty of
money in the bank to meet that check
when it is presented. From now onward
nothing can mar my plans. I am de-
termined that I shall be Frank Hartley’s
wife within a month, and I defy the devil

himself to prevent me-”

  Bobby’s warning cry caused her to
swing round. Her confident boast ended
in a low gasp of dismay.

  Framed in the open doorway, still and
silent as a granite sphinx as he stood re-
garding her through a quaint, old-
fashioned eyeglass, was the mysterious
man known as Count Roulette.

For nearly a minute there was silence
in the dainty room, silence that was
broken only by the ticking of the gilt
clock on the mantelpiece and the quick
breathing of the startled girl. Then, with
an ugly oath, Bobby sprang to his feet and
advanced toward the intruder.

  "What do you mean by sneaking in
here like that?” he demanded furiously.
"This is a private suite—not the smoke-
room!”

  Count Roulette dropped his eyeglass
370

WEIRD TALES

and bent his head in a little deferential
bow.

  “I must beg of you to forgive a foolish
old man for his unintentional intrusion,”
he said in perfect English. "As some
slight excuse for my offense, I may men-
tion the fact that I knocked twice before
entering, but unfortunately I mistook
Lady Vanda’s somewhat loudly voiced re-
marks for an invitation to enter.”

  *'What do you want, anyway?” que-
ried Bobby, eyeing him with a suspicious
scowl.

  "I came here in the hope of meeting
Mr. Frank Hartley.”

  “Are you a friend of his?” Vanda
asked quickly.

  The Count made a gesture of polite
deprecation as he shook his head.

  *'I can scarcely claim to be that, Lady
Vanda. I spoke to him for the first time
last night.”

  Vanda heaved a long sigh of relief.
The man was a mere casual acquaintance,
and it was hardly likely that Frank would
have told him about his private affairs.
She hastened to switch the conversation
into a different channel.

  "I have heard about your sensational
winnings at the tables, Count—indeed,
who has not done so?” she said with a
dazzling smile. "Were you equally lucky
last night?”

  The old man’s fingers strayed toward
the dangling eyeglass as he nodded
gravely.

  "Yes, mademoiselle, I was indeed for-
tunate.”

  "Did you break the bank?” Bobby
asked eagerly.

  The Count spread his hands, at the
same time giving a humorous lift of his
eyebrows.

  "Helas! in these days one can do noth-
ing so sensational as 'break the bank,’ for
when the croupier of one table finds his

funds are running low, he quietly sends
to one of the other tables for more money.
Still, I have no reason to complain of my
fortune last night.”

  "I’d give a good deal to know the sys-
tem that you play on, Count,” said Vanda,
shooting a keen glance at his impassive
face. "They say you have a marvelous
flair for the exact moment to begin your
play.”

  Again that slow smile broke the sphinx-
like calm of the old man’s features.

  "More important than that, my dear
Lady Vanda, I know the right moment
when the game gets too difficult to play
with safety—a knowledge which is of
value in even more risky pastimes than
roulette.”

  Lightly as the words were spoken, Lady
Vanda sensed a subtle note of warning
underlying them. For an instant she felt
a strange and unreasoning fear of this
soft-spoken man with the bright yet in-
scrutable eyes, but she dismissed the pass-
ing presentiment with a careless laugh.

  "Really, my dear Count, you are so
sure of your knowledge of the future that
I’m tempted to think you must have deal-
ings in the Black Art,” she said with a
faint sneer. "You speak with all the con-
fidence of an ancient oracle!”

  "Your ladyship may regard me as one,
if the idea affords any amusement.” Again
that baffling smile touched his lips as he
added, "An oracle of Ancient Greece.”
With a sudden start the suspicion
flashed over her that the old man was
merely talking to gain time until Frank
Hartley should arrive. Her smile was
sweeter than ever as she rose to her feet
to end the interview.

  "Just at present I’m too frightfully busy
to consult oracles of any description,” she
said, extending her hand. "Must you
really be going now?”

  The hint was too pointed to be ignored.
THE EYE OF TRUTH

371

Count Roulette took the proffered hand
and for an instant his dark eyes looked
straight into hers.

  "Au revoir, Lady Vanda Delafer,” he
said slowly. “My stay in Monte Carlo is
likely to be a short one, but something—
call it my prophetic instinct, if you like—
tells me that we shali meet again.”

  With a little bow and a parting glance
through his eyeglass, he took his depar-
ture. For nearly a minute Lady Vanda
stood motionless, staring at the closed
door with eyes which had of a sudden
become filled with dread; then, with a low
sob, she sank into her chair.

  "Who is that man?—what is he?” she
asked in a ho?rse whisper. "I loathe him,
yet I fear him even more. And when he
looked at me through that eyeglass I felt
as if ail the secrets of my innermost soul
were lying bare before him. I believe he
is the devil himself!”

  "In that case you should find him high-
ly congenial company,” Bobby answered
with a grin. "But as a matter of fact I
suppose the fellow is nothing more than
one of the usual crowd of dubious foreign
'counts’ that one meets in a place like this.
He has gained a sort of cheap notoriety by
a few fortunate runs at the tables; but
wait till his luck changes—as it must do
sooner or later—and you’ll see him van-
ish-—like that!”

  And the Honorable Bobby blew a cloud
of cigarette smoke into the air.

When, some two hours later, Frank
called at the hotel he found Vanda
attired in an artist’s overall and apparent-
ly in (he act of cleaning her palette.

  "What, at work so early?” he cried in
surprize. “You positively put me to
shame—I haven’t touched a brush for
nearly a week. Let’s have a look at the
picture.”

  Vanda lifted her shoulders in a shrug

of affected indifference.

  "Oh, it’s nothing much—just a sketch
I dashed off a few days ago. I really did
not intend you to see it, for I just dread
having my poor amateur efforts criticized.
Please let me hide it away in merciful
oblivion.” And she made a movement as
if she were about to cover it up.

  Greatly to her disappointment, he made
no effort to prevent her. “As you please,
Vanda,” was all he said. "I have no
wish to pry into matters that you would
rather I did not.”

  She turned her eyes on him with a
look of laughing dismay.

  "Really, my dear Frank, that remark
sounded frightfully mysterious—any one
would imagine that I had all sorts of
grisly skeletons in my cupboards! I sup-
pose I must show it to you now, if only
to convince you that there’s nothing sinis-
ter about my poor daub. If you promise
you won’t be too scathing in your com-
ments, I’ll let you have one little peep.
There!” She placed the sketch that Mary
Deane had sold her on the easel so that
the light fell upon it to the best effect.
"As Shakespeare says somewhere or other,
'A poor thing, but mine own’!”

  With a tolerant smile Frank turned to
look, but as his eyes fell upon the picture
his expression changed to a look of de-
lighted wonder.

  “By Jove, Vanda, this is simply won-
derful!” he cried in a tone of genuine ad-
miration. “I had no idea that you could
turn out such clever and distinctive work.”
Vanda raised her brows with an
expression of artless surprize.

  "Then you don’t think it so very bad,
Frank?”

  “Bad?” he cried, catching her hands in
his strong grasp and drawing her to him.
"I only wish that I could paint half as
well! Have you any more sketches that
372

WEIRD TALES

you have 'dashed off,’ as you so modestly
call it?”

  "Oh, I’ve kept a few,” she answered
carelessly, and without a tremor or a blush
she took out the other three sketches of
Mary Deane’s and laid them before him.
"It’s a wonder that I did not destroy
these, as I have the rest of my work. I
had no idea that they were really good.”
"Why, you dear little unassuming
genius, every one of them is a master-
piece!” Frank exclaimed with a boyish
laugh. "After we are married I must get

you to give me some lessons-”

  "Married? Oh, Frank, do you really
mean that?” Without waiting for an
answer, she flung her arms round his neck
and kissed him passionately. "You have
made me the happiest girl in all the
world!”

  For a moment he stared at her stupidly.
The words had been spoken unconscious-
ly, his thoughts more on the glorious
colorings of the pictured scenes than on
Vanda herself. He would have recalled
them had it been possible, but as it was
there was only one thing that he could do.

  "Of course I meant it, Vanda,” he said
gently, yet in a voice that he knew was
strangely lacking in warmth. "I have
always liked you, but now that there is
another bond between us, your wonder-
ful art-”

  With a little playful laugh she put her
hand on his mouth.

  "For today let’s forget all about those
old pictures,” she begged. "I shall get
quite jealous of them if you persist in
singing their praises, and if I once get the
idea that you think more of them than you
do of me, I declare I shall never paint
another one again! Tell me that you love
me for myself.”

  Smiling down at the blue eyes which
looked into his so appealingly, Frank gave
her the assurance she asked for. Yet,

even as he spoke the words, his eyes wan-
dered from the throbbing form he held in
his arms to the glowing colors of the pic-
ture on the easel, and in his secret heart
he knew that he lied. And Lady Vanda,
flushed with triumph though she was,
felt a pang of bitter resentment as she
realized that the real inspirer of Frank’s
love was the genius of Mary Deane, the
girl whose pictures she had claimed as her
own.

IT must be admitted that Frank and
Lady Vanda looked a handsome and
well-matched couple as they passed
through the hotel foyer and into the
sunny street, and their smiling, and appar-
ently happy faces drew many an envious
glance from the wrinkled dowagers and
flabby, bilious-looking old gentlemen who
seemed to make up the greater part of the
residents.

  The moment they reached the sidewalk
Frank was aware of a familiar figure hur-
rying across the square toward them.

  "I want to introduce you to a new
friend, Vanda,” he said. "He is a strange
man, and I met him under strange circum-
stances, and I can not help thinking that,
in some way or other, he is going to have
a great influence in my life.”

  Vanda’s eyes grew hard as she recog-
nized the object of his words.

  "You mean Count Roulette? If so,
then your introduction comes somewhat
late. The Count and I have met before.”
Before Frank could voice his surprize
at this unexpected piece of information,
the Count was by their side.

  "Well met, tnes amis!” he cried, raising
his broad-brimmed hat with a gesture
which might have seemed exaggerated
had it been less graceful. "I seemed to
have a premonition that I should encoun-
ter you as you came out either to enjoy a
walk in the morning air, or to woo the
fickle goddess of chance.”
THE EYE OF TRUTH

373

  Lady Vanda’s fair eyebrows were lifted
in genuine surprize as she turned to the
Count. "Surely you must be aware that
the Casino is not open so early in the
day?”

  "Truly, mademoiselle. But there are
other ways of gambling at Monte, besides
roulette or trente-et-quarante.”

  He pointed to the farther side of the
square, where an old man was walking up
and down displaying a large printed plac-
ard and at the same time calling out,
”Loterie! Loterie!” Every now and then
one of the passers-by would approach him,
tender a coin, and receive in exchange a
pink ticket torn from the book he held in
his hand.

  "The State Lottery is the only form of
gambling in which the native Mone-
gasques are allowed to indulge, for the
authorities very wisely exclude their own
citizens from the gaming-rooms,” Count
Roulette explained, his eyeglass focused
on the old ticket-seller; then he added with
a smile: "Now is your opportunity to make
a little speculation. Although he does
not know it, that shabby old man is at
the present moment holding in his hand
the ticket which will win 200,000 francs
when the result of the draw is made pub-
lic today. The winning check is number
L7F. 49368, and it is the fourth ticket in
the book he is holding in his hand.”

  A smile of amused contempt came over
Vanda’s features as she listened.

  "Surely you do not expect me to be-
lieve that you can tell the winning num-
ber beforehand?” she cried.

  "Oh, no, mademoiselle. I do not in
the least expect you to believe such an ap-
parent absurdity.” The Count’s tone was
gently apologetic. "Yet it is a fact never-
theless. If you would like to be the richer
by 200,000 francs before tonight, I would
advise you to buy the check numbered
L7F. 49368 before it is sold to some one

else. It is now the third ticket from the!
top, for he has sold one since I last
spoke.”

  "You must be joking, Count,” she
cried. "Such a thing is unheard of.”
Count Roulette shrugged slightly.
"Alas, mademoiselle, it is only the un-
heard-of things which excite our interest
in the present age of scientific marvels.’"
He turned his head and threw a lightning
glance at Lady Vanda’s chauffeur, who
was listening eagerly to the conversation,
"But you will have to hurry if you wish to
secure the winning ticket. It is now the
second in the old man’s book.”

  "I’ve a good mind to take your tip,”
Frank cried. "It’s a chance, anyway.”
"Alas, my dear friend, it is a chance
which you have lost!” said the Count,
shaking his head and pointing to the
chauffeur who was hurrying across the
road in the direction of the ticket-seller.
"See, the enterprising Jules has fore-
stalled you. He has already bought the
ticket that will win what to him will mean
a fortune.”

  "Lucky Jules!” Vanda laughed mock-
ingly.

  There was a strange expression on the
Count’s face as he raised his eyeglass and
through it watched the chauffeur as he
climbed into the driving-seat of Lady
Vanda’s high-powered car.

  "Lucky?” he repeated softly. "Lucky . ..
we shall see!”

  For a while they chatted on different
subjects, until Vanda glanced at the tiny
watch she wore on her wrist and uttered
an exclamation of surprize.

  "I hope you won’t think me a flatterer
when I say that time passes very quickly
in your company, Count,” she cried gayly.
"We must really be going now, as we
have arranged to have a run to Nice by
way of the Corniche Road. I have never
374

WEIRD TALES

been by car before, and they say the
scenery is wonderful.”

  "Nice?” There was a far-away expres-
sion in the old man’s dark eyes as he re-
peated the word. “I am rather interested
in that town, not because of its fashion-
able hotels and expensive shops, but be-
cause it was one of the places where my
ancestors, the ancient Greeks, overcame
the aboriginal inhabitants and built their
Acropolis on the great rock which over-
hangs the little cove of les Ponchettes,
and in it set up a great statue of Nike, the
winged Goddess of Victory. It is from
that almost forgotten goddess, Nike, that
the modern name of the town, Nice, is
derived.”

  "Indeed?” she murmured politely, sup-
pressing a yawn with difficulty. "You
must be frightfully clever to know all
about such dead-and-done-with events.”

  Count Roulette shook his head and
almost unconsciously his fingers strayed
to the eyeglass which dangled from its
gold chain.

  " 'Dead-and-done-with’ is a very apt
description, my dear Lady Vanda,” he re-
plied quietly. “Yet who shall say how
little or how much we moderns owe to
the sages and philosophers of the ancient
civilizations which have preceded us into
the Eternal Night?’’ He broke off abrupt-
ly with a little laugh of apology. "But I
fear I shall get the name of a bad com-
panion if I indulge in such speculations
on such a delightful morning as this—
one should keep gloomy thoughts for
gloomy weather, and tell ghost tales only
when the snow is on the ground and the
wind moans in the chimney, as is your
English custom. I do not think I could
do better than follow your example and
take a run in my car along the Corniche
Road as far as Nice.”

  Disregarding Vanda’s warning frown,

Frank turned as he was about to enter the

car.

  “Why not accompany us, Count?
There’s plenty of room and I should wel-
come your company.”

  For a second it seemed as if Count
Roulette was on the point of accepting;
but, after raising his glass to his eye and
glancing at the chauffeur he shook his
head.

  "I would prefer to use my own car for
the journey there and back. However, I
trust you will do me the honor of lunch-
ing with me at the Negresco at Nice.
You will? Good! Then au revoit till we
meet there. I will phone the maitre d‘ho-
tel to reserve a private room, for I may
possibly have something to tell you of a
rather confidential nature.”

  With a sweep of his broad-brimmed
hat, Count Roulette turned away and hur-
ried off in the direction of the quay.
Frank’s eyes followed the tall figure until
it was lost to sight amid the fashionably
dressed crowd. Then, vaguely uneasy, he
turned to the waiting Jules and motioned
to him to start the car on its journey along
the Corniche Road.

Although visitors to the Riviera are
b accustomed to speak of "the Cor-
niche Road,” there are, strictly speaking,
no less than three highways that come
under that general designation. There is
the Grande Corniche, the great road hewn
out of the rugged face of the mountains
as part of the first Napoleon’s ambitious
plan for the conquest of Italy; there is the
Moyenne or Middle Corniche, a newly
constructed road which follows the gen-
eral trend of the former, though at a
lower altitude; and lastly there is the Pe-
tite Corniche, sometimes called the Cor»
niche du Littoral, which, as its name im-
plies, follows the coastline more or less
THE EYE OF TRUTH

375

closely and is the nearest route between
Monte Carlo and Nice.

  Jules, having a good car beneath him
and a clear road in front, set off at a speed
which would have covered the whole dis-
tance in some twenty minutes or so. But
Frank soon pulled him up.

   "I don’t mind a bit of fast travelling oc-
casionally,” he said to Vanda by way of
explanation, "but it seems like sacrilege to
rush through such beautiful scenery with
the speed of an express train. Just look
at the wonderful shades of blue in that
sea—sapphire, turquoise, with here and
there a shimmer of that fleeting sheen
that one sees on the breast of a peacock.
Well has this coast been named the Cote
d’Azur!”

  Vanda turned languidly in her seat and
allowed her eyes to travel over the ex-
panse of sun-kissed waters.

  "Oh yes, it’s very pretty,” she said,
anxious to show her appreciation. "The
colors are exquisite—that stretch of sea
between that rock and the beach reminds
me of a perfect dream of a dress I bought
as I came through Paris—it was exactly
that shade.”

  "Doesn’t it remind you of anything
else?”

  Struck by his tone, she turned and saw
that he was regarding her with a puzzled
frown. Rousing herself, she looked at
the scene before her with a new interest,
and her heart gave a quick nervous throb
as she realized how narrowly she had
escaped a bad blunder.

  "Why of course, it’s the place I chose
for the sketch I showed you this morn-
ing,” she cried. "Really, it was stupid of
me not to recognize it before. But my
eyes were dazzled by the sun, and I have
a splitting headache. Do please tell Jules
to stop at the first place which looks as if
it could provide a decent cup of tea.”

  A few minutes later they halted in the

villa-lined boulevard of Cap-d’Ail, before
an establishment which proudly an-
nounced its ability to supply every want of
the English or American visitor, and while
Vanda was drinking her tea Frank strolled
out and gazed over the low stone wall to
where the distant promontory of Cap
Ferret hung like a faint blue cloud mid-
way between sea and sky.

  For several minutes he remained in
silent contemplation of the scene before
him; then, with something that sounded
like a sigh, he turned to make his way
back to the car. As he’ swung round he
noticed for the first time a girl who was
seated before a small sketching-easel on a
stretch of grass overlooking the scene he
had just been admiring.

  Mary Deane had felt a very natural
elation when she had quitted Lady Vanda
Delafer at the Hotel de Paris that morn-
ing. Her art meant something more to
her than just a pleasant mode of passing
the time in the open air; it was her liveli-
hood, and to have sold four pictures in
one morning was an event as rare as it
was welcome. She had received no
money, it is true; but it never occurred to
Mary to doubt her somewhat haughty
patron when she had promised to let her
have a check the following morning. Had
she known the real character of that lady,
and the deception in which her own pic-
tures were to play a prominent part,
Mary’s steps might have been less buoy-
ant and her mind less at ease than was
actually the case when she had sallied
forth—after an early and somewhat more
sumptuous lunch in honor of the occasion
—to begin another picture. It was while
she was engaged in "roughing in” the out-
line that Frank Hartley caught sight of
her.

  At first his interest was awakened by
the girl’s occupation rather than by the
girl herself. All unconscious of his pres-
376

WEIRD TALES

ence, she was seated with her face half
turned away from him, her eyes fixed al-
ternately on the canvas before her and the
distant view. All he could see was the
outline of her face against the shadowy
green of the foliage behind, yet the dimly
seen profile was one which represented in
living flesh and blood his own mental con-
ception of ideal beauty.

  But he was conscious of something
more than mere prettiness in her face;
character and determination showed in
the line of her dark eyebrows and in her
firm, red-lipped mouth and resolute chin;
while the steady eyes of blue-gray were
singularly intelligent as well as beautiful.
Dark though her hair was, something told
him that the girl was neither French
nor Italian. Was she English? or Amer-
ican-

  "Frank! Frank! Where have you dis-
appeared to?"

  The voice of Vanda, harsh with impa-
tience, broke in upon his thoughts. With
one lingering glance at the unknown
girl at the easel, Frank stepped out into
the road and waved his hand.

  "Oh, there you are! I was beginning
to think you intended remaining in this
place all day. I finished my tea ages ago,
and I’ve been Jooking for you every-
where-”

  Frank looked at Vanda curiously as her
voice came to an abrupt stop. Her eyes,
wide open and filled with an expression
which looked more like fear than surprize,
were looking past him at the girl seated at
the easel, who now had risen to her feet
and was regarding Vanda with what
looked like a smile of recognition.

  "Why — do you know her?” Frank
cried in eager surprize.

  "No—-yes—that is, slightly.” Vanda,
with the merest suspicion of a nod to
Mary Deane, grasped Frank’s arm and

almost dragged him to the car. "Let us
be moving on.”

  She sprang into the car and held the
door open. Frank hesitated, his foot on
the step.

  "But who is that girl? She seemed to
know you.”

  Lady Vanda's quick wits had already
concocted an explanation.

  "Oh, her?" she drawled carelessly.
"She’s some poor creature who called at
the hotel the other day hawking some
wretched daubs which she said she’d
painted. I really couldn’t help feeling
sorry for her, for she told a pitiful story
of having been lured to Monte Carlo by
an adventurer who had deceived her by
promising marriage. Of course, one meets
all kinds of such people in a place like
this, and I am not narrow-minded, thank
heaven! I gave the girl a few guineas
out of pure charity, and I suppose the poor
creature is grateful. Please don't humil-
iate her by questioning her further. The
best thing we can do is to get along to
Nice.”

  Jules let in the clutch and the great car
began to glide smoothly along the road
which stretched like a twisted ribbon of
white between the blue of the sea and the
warm gray of the mountains. Turning,
Frank caught a glimpse of the girl still
standing by her easel. When a turn of
the road hid her from sight, he settled
himself in his seat and lit a cigarette with
a thoughtful and slightly puzzled air.

  Somehow the girl with the blue-gray
eyes and Lady Vanda’s description of her
did not seem to fit.

hat's all the excitement about,
Jules?”

  Their car had crossed the Pont Gari-
baldi at Nice, and had entered the Place
Massena, when the sight of a large and
THE EYE OF TRUTH

577

excited crowd gathered before the Hotel
de Viile brought forth Frank’s inquiry,
"They are waiting to hear the result of
the Public Lottery, m’sieu—the same that
I bought a ticket for before we left Monte
Carlo.”

  Frank smiled slightly as he remembered
how die nimble-witted Frenchman had
forestalled him in the purchase of die lot-
tery ticket recommended by Count Rou-
lette.

  "Well, you deserve to be fortunate—
if only for your pluckJ” he said half jest-
ingly. "Say, what would you do if your
ticket carried off the first prize?”

  "I would make good use of the money,
m’sieu,” the man replied with an earnest-
ness dial was almost pathetic. "I have
my eye on a Httie garage business that is
going cheap—cheap, m’sieu will under-
stand, for a man with 200,000 francs in
his pocket. There I would make much
money, and there is a girl ... at Nar-
bonne ... we have waited so long,
m’sieu, for we are both poor; and when
Monsieur ie Comte spoke of die winning

ticket I seemed to see a way-”

  "I understand.” Frank’s tone was
free from jesting now. "You run us
round to theNegresco, garage the car, and
then skim off to see if you’ve been lucky.
And I hope you have—for the sake of die
girl at Narbonne.”

  "I thank m’sieu for his good wishes.”
The car turned into the Promenade des
Anglais and a few minutes later came to
a halt opposite the great hotel where
Count Roulette had promised to meet
them. Jules immediately disappeared
with the car in the direction of the hotel
garage, and Frank and Lady Vanda made
their way through the vestibule and in-
quired for the room which had been
reserved for them.

  It was quickly evident that Count Rou-
lette’s was a name to oonjure with in the

Hotel Negcesco. It was the height of die
winter season, when the hotel is at its
busiest, yet the room which was placed at
their disposal was one of the much-cov-
eted apartments with a southerly aspect;
with large windows overlooking the lim-
pid blue waters of the Baie des Anges.
It was with an ever-increasing wonder that
Lady Vanda saw the deference which the
mere mention of his name inspired.

  "Who is this mysterious Count?” she
asked Frank as they sat on the shaded
balcony awaiting his arrival. "Is he a
prophet—a seer? Or is he merely a liitie
wrong in his head?”

  Frank could only shrug helplessly.

  "I really know no more about him
than you do, Vanda.”

  The girl frowned at what she imagined
was an evasive answer.

  "Is he a madman?” she demanded
bluntly.

  "There is method in his madness,
then,” Frank laughed, "and I know I’d
sooner trust his judgment than that of the
sanest man living. He may be a little
strange and eccentric, Vanda, but you can
take my word for it that he’s far from
mad.”

  For a few minutes there was silence,
die girl gazing out to sea with eyes that
were half veiled in thought.

  "Have you noticed that queer eyeglass
that he carries on a gold chain?” she
asked suddenly. "Have you noticed his
trick of looking at people through it, al-
most as if he were examining their secret
souls? I thought he was short-sighted at
first, but I watched him and found that
he could see things near to him and far
off without using it I suppose that is
part of the poor man’s eccentricity?”

  “Maybe.” Frank’s tone was curt, for
Vanda’s question was but a thinly veiled
sneer. "Perhaps he can see more than we
378

WEIRD TALES

suspect with that antique-looking glass of
his.”

  Lady Vanda Delafer threw back her
head and gave a peal of mocking laugh-
ter.

  "Perhaps he saw the winning number
of the lottery in which poor Jules, with a
faith that would be touching if it were not
laughable, invested his money this morn-
ing?”

  "He may have seen even that!” Frank
Hartley crossed to the bell and a moment
later one of the waiters entered the room.
"Do you know the number of the winning
ticket in the National Lottery?” he asked
the man.

  "Mais out, monsieur. I myself have
speculated, but without success, helas!
The winning number was L7F. 49368.”

  Vanda sat back in her chair with a
gasp.

  "It is the very number that the Count
told you to buy!” she cried, her eyes wide
open with something more than surprize.
"Jules has won a fortune!”

   "Well, he deserves his luck, for he had
more faith in the Count than we had,”
cried Frank. "And I must say I’m glad,
both for his sake and the sake of the girl
at Narbonne-”

“And I, monsieur, am deeply sorry!”
.xVsaid a voice which caused them both
to look round with a start.

  Count Roulette had entered the room
at the heels of the waiter and was regard-
ing them with an expression of sadness
on his pale handsome face. He came
slowly forward, dismissed the waiter with
a nod, then raised his eyeglass and looked
fixedly at the newly engaged pair.

   "Doubtless it seems strange to you that
I should express sorrow at the news of
your chauffeur’s good fortune,” said the
Count. "But I have a presentiment that
sorrow and tragedy will follow. Will

you think it presumptuous of me if I beg
of you not to return to Monte Carlo in
your car?”

  "But—but why not?” Frank stammered
in bewilderment. "We were looking for-
ward to the run back by moonlight.”

  The Count shrugged.

   "There is an excellent train service, or
my own car is at your disposal. But on
no account travel by the one driven by
Jules.”

  At the cool audacity of what she con-
sidered his attempt to dictate to her, a
wave of anger came over Lady Vanda.

  "You speak in riddles, Count,” she
cried. "You have made one or two pretty
shrewd guesses, but that does not give you
the right to rule us like a pair of babies!
Why shouldn’t we go back by my car?
Jules is a careful driver, and I shall feel
quite safe in his charge.”

   Count Roulette made a little gesture of
smiling dissent, but his voice was grave as
he replied.

  "Tonight, mademoiselle, he will be
neither steady nor safe. He has already
celebrated his good fortune in more than
one cafe, and he is a man who carries his
liquor well—up to a certain point. But
the Corniche is a dangerous road to take
chances on. There will be a bad acci-
dent at the sharp bend above Cap Roux,
and the car will swerve over the cliff onto
the rocks below. Jules will be killed in-
stantly. I wish to save you and Monsieur
Hartley from a similar fate.”

  For one moment the steady eyes and
slow, measured utterance had their effect;
then the bantering voice of Vanda broke
the tension.

  "A thousand thanks for your warning,
my dear Count, but I am not nervous,”
she drawled. "If you feel jumpy about
a little moonlight spin you are at perfect
liberty to return by rail. As for me, the
arrangements stand.”
THE EYE OF TRUTH

379

  Couot Roulette turned to Frank.

  "And you?” he queried.

  "Frank will be guided by me," Vanda
interposed swiftly. "Please say no more
on the subject. The matter is settled.”

  With a silent shrug Count Roulette
rang the bell and ordered dinner to be
served. He proved to be an excellent
host and during the progress of the meal
did not revert to the topic of the home-
ward journey. It was only when he was
bidding the pair good-bye in front of the
hotel that he spoke what was in his mind.

  "You are determined to disregard my
warning, then?” His voice was almost
wistful as he put the question.

  Lady Vanda laughed openly as she took
her seat in the car.

  "As you are so solicitous about our
safety, my dear Count, why not come with
us to look after us?” she scoffed. "The
car will easily hold another passenger.”

  Count Roulette raised his eyeglass and
surveyed the vehicle as though to verify
her. words. Then he came closer and
sank his voice to an impressive whisper
which she alone could hear.

  "There is another passenger—although
you see him not—a personage whom the
mediaeval artists usually represented rid-
ing on a pale horse, with an hour-glass
slung round his bony hips, and a whetted
scythe grasped in his skeleton hands.
The Shadow of Death is your fellow-
traveller, Lady Vanda!”

  "Won’t you introduce him?” laughed
tlie girl. "I should imagine that his com-
pany would be a trifle more cheerful than
yours.”

  She nodded to Jules and the car began
to move. Count Roulette raised his hat
with a slow, sweeping gesture.

  "He will need no introduction from me,
mademoiselle,” he said gravely, ”—when
you get to Cap Rouxl”

The big car in which Lady Vanda and
Frank Hartley were being driven
back to Monte Carlo was the last word in
luxury and speed. Within a few minutes
of leaving the hotel it had purred its
smooth way along the palm-shaded
Promenade des Anglais, skirted the orna-
mental gardens which face the Casino
Municipal, and begun to thread the nar-
rower streets which lead to the eastern
outlet to the town, mounting the steadily
rising gradient to the Corniche Road
with the effortless ease of a swallow on
the wing.

  Mindful of the Count’s grim predic-
tion, Frank watched the chauffeur’s man-
ner of taking the corners and avoiding the
oncoming traffic; but Jules seemed, if any-
thing, more careful than usual. It was not
until they were abreast of the tree-
crowned hill of Montboron that he leant
back in his seat, convinced that the wine
which Jules had taken to celebrate his
accession to wealth had not affected his
eyesight or his judgment. It was true that
Count Roulette had made some lucky
guesses in the past, but he had evidently
made a big blunder in stating that there
would be a crash that night. It was curi-
ous, though, how he had contrived to
foretell the number of the winning lot-
tery ticket. Could it be by some manner
of thought-reading that he made such
confident statements? Or was it mere
chance that he had happened to be right?
But tonight he had made his first mistake.
There would be no fatal accident; he
would reach Monte Carlo safely and in the
morning would call on the Count and
chaff him unmercifully on the danger of
being too explicit in his predictions.

   With a smile at his foolishness in tak-
ing the man’s pretensions so seriously,
Frank dismissed the subject from his
mind and gave himself up to enjoying the
beauty of the night.
380

WEIRD TALES

  The three Corniche Roads which lead
eastward from Nice have been well
named; each is actually a mere "corniche”
or ledge hewn for the greater part of its
length from the sheer face of the cliff, a
ribbon coiled and draped between the
mighty ramparts of the mountain hinter-
land and the tideless sea. The road they
were now traversing had appeared beau-
tiful enough when seen basking in the
dazzling sunshine, with sky, sea, and the
flower-decked gardens combining in a
riot of color. Now, as Frank lay back in
his cushioned seat, watching the proces-
sion of dark pines and palms silhouetted
against the starry sky, breathing the warm
air scented with wisteria and golden mi-
mosa, he felt as though he were being
borne by some fabled genii through an
enchanted land. Every unexpected twist
of the mazy track brought its fresh angle
of vision. At one moment the bonnet of
the car would be pointing straight inland
to where the purple-blue heights rose,
star-crowned and mysterious; a sudden
bend, and they would be looking over the
smooth moonlit waters, with nothing but a
light railing or a crumbling, moss-grown
wall between them and the sheer verge of
the cliffs.

  "You seem vgry silent tonight, Frank.
Has our cheerful friend, the Count,
rubbed the fear of death into you with his
crazy prophecies?”

  There was a note of sarcasm in the
slowly drawled query that brought him to
earth with a sudden jar.

  "My thoughts were far away from
Count Roulette and his prophecies,” he
answered.

  “Then what were you thinking of?
Come, dear,” she moved closer to him and
slipped her arm coaxingly through his.
"There should be no secrets between en-
gaged couples, you know. Will a penny

buy your thoughts, or shall I have to bid

higher?”

  Her smiling lips were temptingly close
to his as she leaned forward; but he was
almost unconscious of them as he turned
his head and again looked out into the
night.

  "Just at that moment I fear my thoughts
were not worth even a penny,” he an-
swered carelessly. "I was merely admir-
ing the scenery and thinking what won-
derful pictures might be painted of some
of the spots we have passed. I’m rather
surprized that the same thought did not
occur to you, Vanda—with such scenes to
inspire you, you might even excel that
wonderful sketch you showed me this
morning.”

  "Yes, yes—of course,” she hastened to
say, turning her head aside to hide the
frown that had gathered on her forehead.
His words had recalled the memory of
her debt to the pretty young artist, and
her own non-existent bank balance. How
she wished that she had taken the advice
of the eccentric Count Roulette and
risked a few francs on the lottery ticket
he had so confidently asserted would win
the prize. Mad or sane, his luck was
amazing; his guesses of the trend of fu-
ture events had been verified in a manner
that was almost uncanny. But no man
could always be right, and it seemed self-
evident that he had overreached himself
when he had predicted disaster that night.

  "What place is that?” she asked as they
came through a cluster of white villas on
a bold promontory overlooking the sea.

  "Beaulieu.” He glanced at her with a
slight smile as he added: "The point you
can see about a mile farther on is Cap
Roux. Unless Count Roulette is a lying
prophet, it is there we shall meet our fate!
So, if you wish to circumvent che decrees
of destiny you had better get out and
walk.”
THE EYE OF TRUTH

381]

  "How absurd!” her laugh rang out in
amused contempt. "I wonder that you
have the patience to listen to such non-
sense. Nobody but a madman would
claim to see the future as he does.”

  "Quite so, my dear, but all the

same-” He reached up and took the

speaking-tube from its clip. "Jules!” he
called through to the chauffeur, "Please
be careful as you take that sharp turn
above Cap Roux—just before you come to
die railway bridge, you know.”

  "Trust me for that, m’sieu” came back
the confident reply. "One does not want
to break one's neck just after having won
a fortune!”

  The car was now skirting the wide
sweep of the Bay of Beaulieu, past the
fantastic masses of tumbled rocks and
jagged cliffs which have received the fan-
ciful name of "Petite-Afrique.” Here the
broken nature of the ground has com-
pelled the road to run through a series of
short tunnels beneath the towering bluffs
which intersect its path. Jules slowed
down to a mere crawl as they entered the
last tunnel, which pierces the Cap itself,
and it was only when they emerged into
the moonlight on the farther side that
he stepped on the accelerator and the car
leapt forward like a hound unleashed.

  A derisive laugh came from Lady
Vanda’s lips.

  "We’re through without mishap!” she
cried. "Your wonderful prophet is a
charlatan—a trickster—a cheap liar! . . .
Ah, God help us! . .

  Her mocking voice ended in a scream
of mortal terror as a pair of glaring head-
lights sprang into view round the bend a
few yards ahead. It was a high-powered
English car, traveling at speed, on the
left—the wrong according to Continental
usage—side of the road.

  Jules had a bare two seconds in which
jto act, yet he might have avoided a col-

lision had his brain been unclouded by
the fumes of wine. A slight turn of the
steering-wheel, and he could have passed
on the other side with twice the width of
the car to spare. As it was, he jammed on
the brakes, and the car skidded to the
right, crashed its way through the light
iron railing and remained poised precari-
ously on the very verge of the abyss below.

  But only for an instant. There was a
rending crash as the oncoming car struck
the rear of the chassis, sending it nearer
the edge. Frank felt the floor beneath
his feet take a steeper angle as the bonnet
began to dip; streams of loosened clods
and fragments of stone began to clatter
down the cliff.

  "Jump!” he shouted to Vanda. "Jump
for your life!”

  But the girl was crouching back in her
seat, her hands pressed over her eyes, too
terrified to move. Quick as thought,
Frank stepped to her side. His Jeft arm
seemed strangely limp and useless, but
with his right he strove to lift her from
the seat. With the unreasoning panic of
semi-consciousness she clung to the side
of the car, resisting his efforts to save her.

  "Let go!” he cried, striving to break
her hold with his one serviceable hand*
"It’s death to stop here!”

  Even as he spoke, the car gave another
lurch forward. There came a sound of
tearing and rending of metal as the last
remnant of the shattered railings gave way]
beneath the weight thrown upon them<
Just in time Frank leapt upward, his right
hand stretched to grasp the branch of a
tree which showed black against the sky.
a few feet above his head. And as he
sprang the doomed car slid from beneath
him, plunging, accompanied by an ava-
lanche of stones, over the edge and falling
with a dull splash into the sea far below.

  It seemed ages that he hung there be-
fore willing arms grasped him by the legs
382

WEIRD TALES

and lowered him to the ground. Faint
and reeling, sick with horror and the pain
of an arm which he now realized was
broken, he staggered to the road as a
large covered car appeared from the direc-
tion of Nice and came to a standstill. A
moment later he was looking into the face
of Count Roulette.

  "So, the accident has happened?” the
voice of the mysterious Greek was as un-
concerned as if he were making a remark
on the weather. "It seems as if my wild
prophecy was not very wide of the truth.”

  Frank Hartley took an unsteady pace
forward and looked the old man full in
the eyes.

  "Who are you?” he demanded hoarse-
ly. "Are you angel of light or fiend from
hell that you are able to see the fates of
men and read their hearts like the pages
of a book? Seer—magician—angel—
devil? Which are you? Speak!”

  A faint smile broke the sphinx-like im-
mobility of Count Roulette’s features as
he shrugged slightly.

  "None of these things am I, my young
friend,” he said, his somber eyes fixed on
the other’s face. "I am merely a man like
yourself—but I am a man who sees the
truth!”

  For an instant Frank stared stupidly,
trying to grasp his meaning. Then came
the inevitable reaction of the shock and
numbing pain. He opened his lips to
speak, but before the words came he
swayed unsteadily and fell in a dead faint
at the feet of the man with the strange-
looking eyeglass.

Dreams, vivid and swift-moving, yet
vague and confused as a fogged
cinema film, preceded Frank Hartley’s
return to consciousness. Once more he
fought the two apaches in the gardens of
the Casino; once more he saw the graceful
figure of the unknown gill seated at her

easel against a background of sea and sky;
then came the repetition of the Count's
solemn warning; the night ride through
the scented air; the impact of the collid-
ing cars and the vision of Lady Vanda’s
terror-frozen features as she fell. When
at length his delirium passed and he
looked sanely on his surroundings it was
only with difficulty that he persuaded him-
self that what he saw was not another
phase of his visions.

  He was lying in bed in a prettily dec-
orated room overlooking the sea. The
furniture and decorations, though plain
and inexpensive, evidenced a perfection of
taste with which he could find no fault.
The tempered sunshine, entering through
drawn window curtains of gay-colored
chintz, showed trifles and knickknacks
subtly indicative of a woman’s presence;
an easel beating an unfinished sketch in
oils hinted that the owner of this haven
of harmony and repose possessed at least
one taste in common with him.

  Turning his eyes again toward the win-
dow, he noticed that a girl was bending
over a small table set there, arranging
some flowers in a china bowl. Something
familiar about that slender, shadowy out-
line caused him to catch his breath in a
low gasp of surprize. He blinked his
eyes and looked again, dreading that she
would fade away like the other phantoms
of his dreams. But she was still there—
and she was, in very truth, the girl whom
he had seen painting on the cliffs on that
afternoon that now seemed so long past.

  "Ah, you are evidently beginning to
take an interest in your surroundings,”
said a cheery, well-remembered voice from
the other side of the bed.

  Frank essayed to turn, and for the first
time discovered that his left arm was en-
cased in splints and surgical bandages,
and strapped immovably across his chest,

  "No, no, don’t move,” Count Roulette
THE EYE OF TRUTH

383'

went on hastily, moving round the bed so
that he came within Frank’s range of
vision. "You have been through a bad
time, what with the shock and the frac-
ture. But you are on the mend now, and
in a few days you may be about again.’’
"But the others — Jules and Lady
Vanda? Were they killed?”

  There was a grave expression on the old
man’s face as he inclined his head in as-
sent.

  "No human efforts could have saved
them. It is a sheer drop of eighty feet
into deep water . . . the bodies were not
recovered until two days later.”

  "Two days!” Frank gasped. "Then
how long have I been lying here?”

  "A week,” came the answer, and as he
spoke the Count beckoned to the girl at
the window. "And you have to thank
this young lady for her clever nursing
during your crisis. Allow me to intro-
duce you to Miss Mary Deane.”

  Frank felt a strange thrill as her cool
hand touched his own for an instant.

  "How can I thank you for your kind-
ness?” he said in a voice full of genuine
emotion. "I was a stranger to you, yet

you gave me shelter—nursed me-”

  She held her hand up in protest.

  "What else could I have done?” she
said. "My bungalow was the nearest to
the scene of the accident—or almost the
nearest—and you were much too ill to be
carried farther. How could I turn you
from my door when Count Roulette sol-
emnly declared that the delay in getting you
to the hospital would mean the difference
between life and death? Besides, you
were not quite a stranger, since the Count
vouched for you—and he seems to be an
excellent judge of character.”

  A smile spread over Frank’s pale face.
"He does indeed,” he agreed heartily,
"seeing that he has chosen you for my
guardian angel.”

  The whole-hearted fervor with which
the words were spoken caused a deeper
tint to creep into the girl’s cheeks.

  "I can see that you are getting light-
headed, Mr. Hartley,” she said in a tone
of severe reproof as she poured out a
dose of medicine and held it to his lips.
"Come, drink this. Then go to sleep
until you can talk rationally.”

  There was a gleam of amusement in
Count Roulette’s eyes as he raised his eye-
glass and looked at each in turn.

  "I venture to predict a speedy recovery
for our patient,” he said with a smile as
he quitted the room. "Mr. Frank Hart-
ley may consider himself very fortunate
to be here—in more ways than one,” he
added under his breath as the door closed
behind him.

“Vou are a strange man, Count, and

  X you possess a positively uncanny
power of guessing the trend of future
events.” It was three days later, when
Frank and Count Roulette were seated on
the balcony of the bungalow, that the
younger man made the remark. "And I
must confess that I envy you your strange
gift.”

  "Are you sure you mean that?” The
old man’s eyes were fixed on Frank with
a keen penetrating gaze as he asked the
question. "Is it enviable, think you, t<S
walk the crowded streets of a great city,
conscious of the greed, hatred, jealousy
and dishonesty which eat like loathsome
cankers in the hearts of those around me?
To see, beneath the smug, respectable
faces of the business men, or the beauti-
ful faces of the women, hidden thoughts
which make one turn to the dumb animals
for relief? To have every ideal—every,
pleasing illusion shattered for ever? No,
no, envy me not my strange power, but
rather go down on your knees in thank-
fulness that you have been spared the pos*
384

WEIRD TALES

session of such a dangerous, saddening
gift.”

  Frank Hartley was bewildered at the
intense emotion which vibrated in the old
man’s voice.

  "You almost speak as if this power had
been forced on you against your will,” he
observed with a slight smile.

   "In one sense it has been forced on me.
Nothing was farther from my thoughts
when I discovered the Eye of Veritas.”
“Veritas?” Frank repeated the word
slowly, a puzzled frown creasing his fore-
head. "That has something to do with
truth, has it not?”

   Count Roulette gave an affirmative nod.
"It is the name of one of the deities of
Ancient Greece—the Goddess of Truth.
She was not very famous or well known,
I must admit, and you will find but few
references to her in the classical writers;
for the Greeks of old apparently had as
slight a veneration for the virtue she sym-
bolized as have the people of the present
day. But she had her temples and her
mysteries, and one lonely mountain shrine
in Bceotia was considered especially sacred,
and thither flocked crowds of pilgrims,
all eager to know the truth and—for the
time being—to revere so rare a virtue. It
was in the ruins of that Temple of Ver-
itas that I became the most favored, the
most cursed, the most disillusioned of
mortals—a man who saw the Truth!”

  A low, long-drawn sigh escaped the
lips of Count Roulette, and for a while he
sat silent, his dark eyes fixed on the dis-
tant horizon with an expression of wistful
yearning, as though he were regretting
something lost to him for ever. Present-
ly he roused himself and continued:

  “At the time it happened, some forty
years ago, I was a young man fresh from
college; but, young as I was, I had made a
special study of the classical lore of my
country, which resulted in my obtaining

a permanent post in the Excavations De-
partment of the Hellenic Archeological
Society. For some time our headquarters
at Athens had been receiving vague ru-
mors of hoards of statues, coins, and
relics being unearthed by the peasants on
the site of the ancient city of Tanagra,
which is quite close to the modern village
of Skimatari. I was deputed to go to the
district to see if I could find out if there
was any truth in the rumors; in order to
allay suspicion I went alone, in the char-
acter of a man who travels for pleasure.

  “I soon found that my task was not
likely to be either easy or pleasant. In
ancient times Bceotia had a most unenvi-
able reputation, and the cultured Athen-
ians were never tired of contemptuously
referring to the inhabitants as stupid,
awkward, uncivilized and ignorant. They
pointed out, with truth, that the country
had contributed nothing to Greek litera-
ture, nor had it produced a great sculptor^
or painter of note—indeed, the very'word
Bceotian was at that period almost synon-
ymous with imbecility. And I can affirm,
from personal experience, that their pres-
ent-day descendants have many of the
trails of their departed ancestors. I have
traveled much since that time, but never
have I encountered a more degraded, dis-
honest, brutal and treacherous horde of
scoundrels than the inhabitants of that
wretched village near the site of the an-
cient Temple of Truth.

  "There were only two men in Skimatari
whom I felt I could trust; one was the
village priest, a venerable old man with
flowing silvery hair and a patriarchal
beard, and the other was the landlord of
the inn where I put up. This latter was
the very personification of the traditional
innkeeper of stage and story; fat, red-
cheeked; with merry, twinkling eyes and
a bluff, hearty manner that made me take
to him at first sight. His name was Gior-

                    W. T.—6
THE EYE OF TRUTH

385

gios Dimitri, but he was usually railed by
his nickname of ‘Barba-Jorghi’, which
means ‘Old George’. As for the rest of
the villagers, they seemed to suspect the
reason of my presence and remained sul-
lenly aloof. Needless to say, the moment
I arrived the secret excavations that they
had been making were filled in, and I
could discover nothing.

   “Well, I had hung about the village to
no good results for a week or more, and
I was seriously thinking of giving up my
quest as a bad job and making my way
back to Athens, when, late one night,
after the last toper had staggered out of
the inn, Barba-Jorghi sidled up to me
with a proposition that sent my hopes
soaring to the skies.

  "Of course he did not come to the
point directly. He began a long rambling
diatribe about the scarcity of travelers, the
poverty of his village customers, the high
price of wine and the smallness of his
-profits, From that he went on to draw
comparisons between theTpresent wretch-
edness of the district and its former
wealth, pointing his words, to my great
amazement, by producing a well-thumbed
copy of Muller’s translation of Dicaerchus,
a classical author who wrote in the second
century B. C. Thinking to draw him out
by a little flattery, I complimented him on
his archeological knowledge, and he
snapped at the bait like a famished pike.

   " *You are right!' he cried. 'Although
you see me here, the keeper of a poor inn,
struggling to make a paltry drachma or
two, I am not like the ignorant swine
around me. No, no!—Old Jorghi can
read; he can study; he can think; he can
look up and see far afield while the other
fools toil with their faces to the ground.
Old Jorghi ?s wise, even as you are, my
young friend. We are two wise men in
a community of fools, and like wise men
we should turn our wisdom to account.’
W. T.—7

  "Naturally, I asked him how, and he
went on:

  " 'This writer speaks of a famous or-
acle situated near here, which people
came from all parts to consult. He says
that this oracle, which was kept in a small
temple in the mountains, predicted future
events, laid bare the secret thoughts, illu-
minating the hidden souls of men like the
noonday sun shining through a crystal
goblet of wine. Not that you or I believe
such fairy-tales,’ he added with a knowing
wink, 'but the all-important thing which
concerns us is that the indent pilgrims
believed them, and showered their offer-
ing of gold, silver and predous stones into
the coffers of the wily priests. There must
be wealth untold lying in the ruins of that
Temple of Veritas—enough to make us
both millionaires!’

  "His words and manner set my pulses
racing with excitement, for it was clear
that he was about to broach the very mat-
ter which had brought me from Athens.
I managed to infuse a note of amused in-
credulity into my voice as I replied: "But
there’s small chance of us ever finding it,
worse luck!’

  "The innkeeper leaned nearer to me
across the table, his eyes glittering in the
dim lamplight.

  " 'I have already found it—I, Barba-
Jorghi, the keeper of a village inn—1 have
found the site of the ancient Oracle of
Truth!’

  "For the first time a vague suspicion en-
tered my mind.

  " 'Then why do you confide in me?’ I
asked. 'Why don’t you take the treasure
and be rich?’

" 'I would if I could,’ he answered with
engaging frankness. 'But it will need the
strength of two men to move the blocks
of stone which seal the door of the treas-
ure chamber. I dare not ask the aid of
my ndghbors—they would murder me
386

WEIRD TALES

without the slightest hesitation for a hun-
dredth part of the wealth which is inside.
But you are a gentleman and honest. I
can trust you to share with me fairly.’

  "His childlike trust in me, no less than
the magnificence of the offer itself, almost
took my breath away.

  " 'But I am an utter stranger to
you-’ I began to protest.

  “ 'All the better,’ he interrupted quick-
ly, with a smile which rather puzzled me
at the time. 'Being a stranger, you can
leave the district without raising com-
ment. Tomorrow you must let it be
known that you are tired of the place and
intend returning to Athens. You will set
off on horseback in full view of the vil-
lagers, and take the highroad which fol-
lows the coast, setting your pace so that
you arrive at Oropus a little after dusk has
fallen. A little beyond the town is a
bridle path leading back across the moun-
tains. Follow this, and you will come to
a deserted post-house at the crossroads. I
will be awaiting you there with the neces-
sary tools and a spare mule to carry the
treasure, which you will bear to some ob-
scure retreat until I can settle up my affairs
here, sell the inn for what it will fetch,
and afterward join you. Do you think my
plan is good?’

  "I nodded silently, well pleased that he
had played so blindly into my hands, and
after we had gone over the details once
more, we parted and retired for the night.

“TS VERYTHING went off without a hitch.

      I	reached the deserted post-house
shortly after ten o’clock, tethered my
horse in one of the roofless stables, and
followed Barba-Jorghi along a narrow
boulder-strewn track which led at a steep
angle up the mountain. It was ticklish
work in the darkness, for at places the
path overhung the gorge below, and a
single false step would have meant death.

 But Jorghi had made himself well
 acquainted with the track, and after about
 an hour of stiff climbing we emerged
 safely on to a little wooded plateau which
 jutted out like a broad spur from the mass
 of the mountain proper. Without hesita-
 tion he plunged into the dense under-
 growth, forcing his way through, until he
 came to a halt facing what seemed to be a
 huge mound overgrown with tangled
 bushes. Here he lit the lantern he car-
 ried, and by its light he searched for a
 time along the edge of the mound. Pres-
 ently he set the lantern down and pulled
 aside a heap of dead leaves and branches.

    " 'Look!’ he said, pointing downward.

    "My heart leapt when I saw a portion
 of a wall of squared masonry, with the
 sculptured lintel of a door just showing
 above the surface of the ground. It did
 not need a second glance at the angular
 Greek characters engraved on the weather-
 worn stone to tell me that I stood on the
 threshold ofJhe-fafelsd'TempteoTTruth.

    "In silence we set to work to dig down
 -- far enough to effect an entrance; but the
 door proved to be blocked by a wall of
 rough blocks of stone, which seemed to
 have been built in haste. As soon as we
 had cleared sufficient space in which to
 manipulate a pick and crowbar, we at-
 tacked this with a will. It was heavy
 work, but hope spurred us on, and at last,
 panting and streaming with perspiration,
 we squeezed our bodies through and stood
 within.

    "The light of the lantern was dim, and
 it was only by slow degrees that we were
 able to examine our surroundings. As I
 made a slow circuit of the place I caught
 glimpses of sculptured friezes, fluted col-
 umns, Doric capitals, matchless statues still
 upright on their pedestals. Treasure or
 no treasure, I knew that we had made the
 discovery of a lifetime—an ancient Greek
THE EYE OF TRUTH

387

temple as it was in the heyday ©I its
splendor.

  " ‘We waste time!1 cried Jorghi, impa-
tiently snatching the lantern from me.
'The treasure, man, the treasure!1

  "Beyond the small ring of lantemlight
the darkness seemed to hem us in like
a solid wall; the air was pervaded with a
deathlike chill; the silence so intense that
our restrained breathing sent vague echoes
gliding before us like sighing ghosts as we
made our way into the innermost sanctu-
ary, where a huge statue of Truth, naked
yet chaste, towered dimly above us. With
a shout of joy, Barba-Jorghi darted for-
ward and flung himself on a massive cof-
fer of greenish bronze which stood in a
recess behind the statue.

  " *It is here—the treasure!’ he shouted.
'The treasure at last!’

  "Seizing the crowbar, he thrust the
point under the hasp which secured the
Kd, wrenching the corroded metal apart.
With a creaking of disused hinges, the
lid swung up* revealing a heap of yellow-
ish-gray material. A cry of disappoint-
ment burst from my companion.

  " 'Rags—nothing but ©Id rags!’ he
groaned

  *' 'Be silent!’ I whispered fiercely, for
my awn nerves were on edge. 'Who
knows what is underneath?’

  "I thrust him aside and knelt before the
chest, lifting out the garments one by one
and laying them on the floor. They had
the appearance of ceremonial robes worn
by the priests, but they were so tender
with age that the material came into shreds
even as I lifted them. Right at the bot-
tom of the coffer I came upon this-”

  Count Roulette paused in his narrative
and held up the eyeglass that was suspend-
ed from his neck. Frank Hartley looked
surprized.

  "But I thought the science of optics

was quite unknown in those ancient days,”

he said.

  The Count nodded in agrement.

"Quite so; but they were acquainted
with something even more wonderful.”

  Struck by his peculiar tone, Frank bent
forward and examined the object with
closer interest. Apparently it had ao
magnifying power, for the surfaces were
quite flat; it seemed to be nothing more
than a thin segment of natural, colorless
crystal, slightly oval in shape and set in a
narrow band of gold, the handle being
formed of the slender figure of a woman,
probably intended to represent Veritas
herself.

  "There does not appear to be anything
very wonderful about that glass,” Frank
declared at length.

  "So I thought myself when I first dis-
covered it,” the old man continued. "Nat-
urally my first act was to take it up and
hold it to my eye to ascertain if it pos-
sessed any optical properties, and the most
convenient object on which to focus it was
the face of Barba-Jorghi as he stood
watching me keenly. To my eye, how-
ever, the crystal seemed to have no more
effect than a piece of common glass; but
its effect on my brain, my understanding,
was astounding. As though illuminated
by a ray of sunlight entering a pitch-dark
room, I saw the man as he really was—
his hidden thoughts—his schemes—his
villainy—lay bare before me. Beneath
his bluff, hearty mask was a soul filled
with avarice, cunning and treachery.
Having paved the way by inducing me to
announce my departure openly, thus mak-
ing sure that no awkward questions would
follow my disappearance, he intended to
murder me the moment the treasure was
unearthed, and with one swift, well-aimed
shot rid himself of an inconvenient wit-
ness and a sharer in the spoil. The rev-
388

WEIRD TALES

elation was so sudden and unexpected
that for a moment I was stunned.

  " 'What have you found, my friend?’
The smooth, oily voice roused me. 'Is it
gold?—a jewel?’

  " 'Something more precious than either,’
I answered swiftly. 'Why are you aim-
ing a loaded revolver at me from beneath
your cloak?’

  "The unctuous smirk vanished from his
face as his jaw sagged open. I saw a
quick movement of his hand beneath his
cloak and had barely time to duck before
a shot rang out and a bullet smacked
against the wall behind me. Before the
echoes of the explosion had died away I
had drawn my own weapon and shot him
dead.

“TEAViNGhis bod/ lying before the altar,
JL/ I slipped the Glass of Truth into
my pocket and quitted the sanctuary, has-
tily filling in the pit we had dug in order
to enter. That night I rode fast and far,
and by daylight I found myself in a little
seaport on the Gulf of Petali. There I
sold my horse and with the proceeds paid
my passage to Messina by a small tramp
steamer that was on the point of sailing.
In Sicily it did not take me long to find
a gambling-hell where, thanks to my mag-
ic glass, I won in^ an hour enough to carry
me to the more palatial casinos of the
Riviera. I could easily have broken the
bank at each, but I dreaded attracting at-
tention, so contented myself with modest
stakes, reserving the bulk of my winnings
for big deals on the stock markets of dif-
ferent European capitals. In less than a
year I was a wealthy man.

  "But the mere accumulation of money
gave me little satisfaction; I wanted to
turn my marvelous gift to some purpose
that would bring lasting benefit to hu-
manity. Then came the great disillusion-
ment. Travel where I would, search as

I might, everywhere I saw the same de-
ceit, guile, and greed in the hearts of those
with whom I came into contact. Few in-
deed were there from whom I did not
shrink with disgust when I examined
them through my magic glass; I almost
despaired of humanity until I chanced
upon a young artist who had given up his
hopes of inheriting his father’s millions
that he might earn his livelihood by his
own talents. But he was on the point of
ruining his happiness by marrying a
worthless woman whose only aim was a
life of wealth and luxury. This unscru-
pulous harpy, in order to effect her pur-
pose, had acquired the pictures of a strug-
gling artist and passed them off as her
own work. The masterpieces you so ad-
mired as the work of Lady Vanda were in
reality painted by Mary Deane, the girl to
whose devoted nursing you owe your life.”

The effect of the Count’s words was
galvanic. During the unfolding of
the story, amazement, incredulity and
doubt had in turn shown on the young
man’s mobile features; but as he now
struggled to his feet, his shining eyes and
flushed face told that belief had prevailed
over the sober dictates of common sense.

  "What would I not give to possess the
Eye of Truth!” he cried. "By its aid I
could solve the deepest mysteries—read
the hearts of all men—control the stock
markets of the world—back the winning
horse in every race! I could discover the
hidden virtues and beauties of the
world——”

   "And likewise its hatreds, its sins, its
miseries!” Count Roulette shook his head
as he laid his hand kindly on Frank’s
shoulder. "Seek not too deep a knowl-
edge, my young friend. If the Eye of
Truth can show you the path'to happiness,
believe me, it can do no more.”

  "No more?” the other gasped, his face
THE EYE OF TRUTH

389

blank with surprize. "Could I not dis-
cover every gold mine in the world?—un-
earth secret treasures-?”

  "One treasure—one inestimable treas-
ure—may yet be yours.”

  The old man raised his voice as he
called the name of Mary Deane, and as
the girl approached, looking curiously
from one to the other, he held the Eye of
Truth between her and Frank so that each
looked at the other through its crystal
disk.

   For a full minute they stood there gaz-
ing into each other’s eyes and reading
there the secret that their lips had never
uttered. Then, without speaking, Frank
leant forward and caught her slender
body in his arms, bending his head until
her trembling lips fluttered up to his.

  "And now,” said Count Roulette soft-
ly, "it is time for us to part.”

  Frank turned quickly at the sound of
the word.

  "Part? Surely not so soon?” Therewas
genuine regret in his voice. "You have
brought such happiness into my life that
I am loth to say good-bye. Besides, I
should like to have a few more peeps
through that wonderful glass of yours.”
There was a whimsical expression on
the Count’s face as he shook his head.
"No, no, my young friend. You had

better rest content with what you have al-
ready seen. The Eye of Truth has shown
you how to be happy—it can do no more.
Remember, it is a wise lover—and a still
wiser husband—that does not see too
much!” He held out both hands to them
as he went on: "My mission here is end-
ed. At sundown my yacht sails from
Monte Carlo, and it is unlikely that our
paths in life will cross again. So fare-
well to you both, my children. . . .
Farewell!”

Some three hours later, as the dying sun
was drooping towafd the horizon, a
white-painted yacht crept into sight round
the distant rocky headland of Monaco, and
steamed westward along the coast. It was
Count Roulette leaving for his unknown
destination.

   Standing hand in hand on the balcony
of the bungalow, Mary Deane and Frank
watched it draw abreast of them, and saw
the tiny flag at the masthead dip thrice in
silent salute. Then the bows of the Ver-
itas swung seaward and the dainty craft
grew gradually smaller and dimmer until
its trailing plume of smoke merged into
the shadows of the coming night.

  The Eye of Truth had passed, but it
had left behind a legacy of love and hap-
piness that would only pass with life itself.
Vhe (f)

ds hantom Hand

By VICTOR ROUSSEAU

An astounding novel of Black Magic, eery murders, and
weird occult happenings.

The Story Thus Far

HURRYING home from China to
Loma West, to whom he is en-
gaged, Don Wentworth is ap-
palled to learn that her father, Senator
Lemuel West, has paid the supreme pen-
alty of the law for the murder of Police
Captain Morse, who was. investigating his
political activities.

  At Cannonville, West’s home, he meets
one Sudh Hafiz, a Persian in charge of a
Babist temple, who informs him of a
gang of conspirators who railroaded West
to his doom. These consist of Moroni,
the bootlegger; Walstein, the political
boss; Abner Wells; and their leader, God-
frey Moore, the millionaire, a master of
black magic.

  Hafiz takes Don out to Moore’s house,
where he finds Loma living, mentally de-
ranged. She hardly knows him. That
night, while Moroni is a guest at a tel-
evision demonstration on Moore’s radio,
the phantom of .West appears in place of
the grand opera stage, and Moroni drops
dead.

  Next day, returning to Moore’s house,
Don and Hafiz find Moore tied up. He
says Walstein has kidnapped Lorna and
taken her to Moroni’s headquarters, where
he has gone to search for Moroni’s secret
papers. The two follow to the lonely cab-
in on the shore, and are surprized and
bound. Lorna becomes entranced and
West’s phantom appears while the search
is proceeding, and attacks Walstein, who,
thinking Moroni’s men have assaulted
him, engages in a duel with them, ending
390

in his death and that of the three others1.
Don rescues Lorna.

  The story continues:

IT was on the evening of the day of
Walstein’s death. Don had brought
Lorna back to Sudh Hafiz’s house and
kid her on the lounge in the living-room.
The girl had been in the same automaton-
like condition as when he had seen her in
the vault of Moroni’s hangout. She had
obeyed all Don’s requests, but she had
seemed to have become a mere machine.

  She had stepped quietly out of the car
and gone into the house, and Don had
laid her down. Sudh Hafiz had mixed her
a sherbet, and she had drunk it at Don’s
instructions, after which she had seemed
to fall asleep.

  "It is a powerful Oriental drug,” Sudh
Hafiz explained. "It has the exactly op-
posite effect of hashish and opium—that
is to say, it binds the soul more tightly
to the body, instead of loosing it. It may
be that she will awaken well again.”

  "In which case I shall ask her to marry
me immediately,” said Don.

  While Loma slept, the two men had
discussed the situation. It was not likely
that the bodies of Walstein and the three
other dead men would be discovered for
a considerable time, since there was no
reason to suppose that Walstein had gone
to Moroni’s hangout. Already Moore had
succeeded in doing away with two of his
confederates in crime, and there remained
only Abner Wells, the ex-candidate for
mayor on the "silk-stocking” ticket. If
Don was to clear Senator West’s name,

 This story began in WEIRD TilES for July
THE PHANTOM HAND

391

"He flicked bis fingers, and a tongue of white flame
leaped from the disk, stinging Don like a whip"

*.x»vaV

it was essential that Abner Wells should
live.

  A hasty glance at the papers taken
from the cellar showed that Wells was
implicated in various shady transactions,
but there was no proof that he had plotted
the death of Captain Morse.

  "It is essential,” said Sudh Hafiz, "that
Miss West shall not fall into Moore’s
hands again. It is only through her that
her father’s phantom can be materialized.
You must marry her and take her away,
Wentworth, and forego all thoughts of

vengeance upon Moore for the present.”

  "That is my intention,” answered Don.

  "Our great need is to manage to get in
touch with West. If we could talk to him,
and convince him that his blind, murder-
ous attacks upon his persecutors are de-
feating their own ends, that only by let-
ting Abner Wells live can we hope to ob-
tain the evidence that will clear him. . . .
But unfortunately it is only through his
daughter that he can be reached, and
that means throwing her into her state of
catalepsy.”
392

WEIRD TALES

    "No more of that,” said Don.

    /Then—we can do nothing.”

    "How about frightening Wells by tell-
  ing him we know all about his involve-
  ment in the Cannonville Traction deal,
  letting him think we know more than we
  do?” asked Don. "If we could get him
  as an ally on our side, with the promise
  of immunity-”

    "Suppose you take Miss West away
  first,” answered the Persian. "Marry her,
  restore her to health, give her a chance to
  forget. Then we’ll see what can be done.
  Remember, Godfrey Moore knows you are
  his most bitter enemy. He has struck
  twice, and successfully. As soon as he
  * has disposed of Abner Wells, he will try
  to put you out of the way. Let us see
  what is the effect of the drug I have
  given her.”

  * ‘ T'VON, you’ve come back! I’ve wanted
         you SO.r”

    Don, overjoyed to find Loma in her
  right mind at last, kneeled down beside
  her and put his arms about her.

    "Where are we, Don? How long have
  you been back in America? I—I’ve been
  ill, I think.”

    "You’ve been ill, dear. I only re-
  turned yesterday. I hurried back as soon
  as I was set free by the brigands who cap-
  tured me in China. You knew about
  that?”

    "Oh yes, Don, and I was so anxious
  about you. I—I don’t seem to remember
  much after—what happened. The shock
  of it must have unhinged me, I think. I
  remember Mr. Moore was kind enough to
  offer me a home, but—this isn’t his home,
  is it?”

    "No, this is the house of Sudh
  Hafiz-”

    "The Persian. Of course I know him.
  He was very kind to poor father when
  he—oh, I can’t bear to think about that!

If only you’d been able to come in time!
But how did I get here?”

  "I took you away from Mr. Moore’s
house this morning, Lorna. I told him
that I felt I had a better right than any-
body else to care for you. I want you to
marry me, dear, right away. Don’t you
remember we agreed to be married as soon
as I returned?”

  "Don, I can never marry you now.
Not until poor father’s name has been
cleared. And that may never be.”

   "Loma, your father was innocent. You
and I know it. What do we care what
others believe? I am going to make it
my life task to clear him. But I want you
as my wife, Loma.”

  "Don, it wouldn’t be right. It would
be a millstone about your neck.”

   "I like that sort of millstone, dear.
Say ‘yes.’ ”

  "But not—not today, Don. Let us wait
till I am stronger. I feel so weak. I’d
just be a burden.”

  "Lorna, dear, if you don’t marry me
I’ll never be able to begin my work on be-
half of your father.” He turned as Sudh
Hafiz, who had left the room, appeared
in the doorway. "I think I’m going to
persuade Miss West to marry me to-
night,” he said. "It’s still possible to
marry in this state without a preliminary
waiting, isn’t it? It was when I went
away. We’d planned to be married the
day that I came back.”

   "It’s still possible,” smiled Sudh Hafiz.
"Well, Miss West, I’m glad to see you
looking so much better.”

   "I shall never cease to be grateful to
you for your kindness to poor father,”
said the girl. "I’d do anything to show
my gratitude.”

  "Then marry Don Wentworth, and
you'll never regret it,” replied the Persian
promptly. "I can get the Reverend Mr.
Suydam here in ten minutes, have you
THE PHANTOM HAND

393

married in twenty, the wedding supper in
an hour, and see you off on your honey-
moon in my car inside of an hour and a
half."

  "But my clothes—unless they’re here,
I don’t know-”

  "I guess they’re at Godfrey Moore’s,”
said Don, "but you don’t need to worry
about them, darling. If you can last till
tomorrow we’ll stop at some large town
and I’ll buy you a complete trousseau.”

  "But I haven’t even a toothbrush,” said
Lorna.

  "If you’ll only marry me first, I prom-
ise you a dozen toothbrushes, darling, be-
fore midnight. Come, say that little
word.”

  "Yes,” said Lorna.

  "You’d better lie down and rest till
Mr. Suydam gets here,” suggested Sudh
Hafiz. "I’ll ’phone him at once.” He
drew Don into the next room. "I don’t
altogether like this,” he said in a low
voice.

  "My getting married?”

  "No, this sudden improvement. It’s
too good. There should normally be a
slight confusion of mind. It looks to
me-” he hesitated.

  "Go on,” said Don.

  "-as if a certain entity was in

charge, and letting her come through in
order to conceal the fact of his presence.”

  "You mean Lemuel West?” asked Don
aghast.

  ''No, I don’t. That’s the worst of it.
Lemuel West would never harm her,
though he makes use of her. No, I mean
an entity sent by Moore.”

  "I’ll take care of that entity,” answered
Don, smiling. Again he was beginning
to discount the Persian’s suggestions, for
Lorna’s recovery had made the past once
more begin to seem incredible. Sudh
Hafiz, without answering, went to the tel-
ephone.

  "Mr. Suydam will be here in half an
hour,” he said to Don, who had stolen
back to see Lorna again.

  "She’s fallen asleep,” said Don. "It’s
just as well there will be a little delay.”

  "She’ll need a lot of taking care of,”
answered Hafiz. "Above all, you must
do your best to discourage her father from
manifesting.”

  He crossed to a cabinet in the room and
took from it a bottle containing some tiny
pellets. "I fixed these up for you just
now,” he said. "Give her two, morning
and evening. It is the ■same drug I gave
her this afternoon. Hello!” he added, as
the door-bell rang. "That can’t be Mr.
Suydam!”

  He went to open it, admitting an elder-
ly man with a fine, sensitive face, a small,
drooping mustache, blue eyes and thin-
ning silvery-gray hair. The newcomer
looked from the one man to the other.

  "I take it you are Mr. Hafiz and you
are Mr. Wentworth,” he said in bitter
tones. "My name is Abner Wells. No
need to ask if you have heard of me.”

  "I certainly have,” said Don.

  "Won’t you come in and sit down?” in-
quired Sudh Hafiz.

  "I’ll come in, but I won’t sit down.”
Abner Wells entered the room, turned
and faced Don. "I understand that you
have been circulating libelous statements
about me, Mr. Wentworth,” he cried.

  "That is absolutely false,” said Don.
"I only got back from China yesterday,
and at the time I hadn’t heard your name.
May I ask who your informant is?”

  "That makes no difference. I believe
the statement to be true!” Abner Wells’s
face grew white. He raised his fist.
"Let me warn you, young man, you and
that Walstein fellow had better draw in
your horns!” he shouted. "I’ve got in-
fluence enough in this city to break Wal-
stein and his gang.”
394

WEIRD TALES

Sudh HAFIZ stepped to the door and
closed it. He came back. "Wal-
stein’s dead,” he said.

  Abner Wells’s face grew whiter. He
staggered back as if he had received a
mortal blow.

  "Wh-when did it happen?” he asked
in a shocked whisper.

  "He went to Moroni’s hangout after
his death, to look through his papers,”
answered Sudh Hafiz. “He wanted to
get hold of all papers that might incrim-
inate him; among others, that one that
you were so incautious as to sign, relative
to the Cannonville Traction deal, now in
our possession. But he was chiefly afraid
that Moroni might have been in posses-
sion of evidence that would link him up
with the murder of Captain Morse.”
Abner Wells uttered a strangled cry.
His face looked ghastly.

  “A quarrel arose between Walstein
and his man Benny, and two of Moroni’s
men. They shot and stabbed it out in the
cellar and killed one another. But let
me speak more plainly, Mr. Wells,” con-
tinued the Persian. "You are a very dif-
ferent type of man from Walstein and
Moroni. You know that Godfrey
Moore’s researches in the Black Art are
not mere dabbling in superstition, but hid-
eously real. You have the faculty of put-
ting two and tyo together. Next to
Moore, you are the most intelligent of all
those implicated in railroading poor West

to the gallows-”

  "It’s a damned lie!” gurgled Wells.
"It’s true,” said Sudh Hafiz suavely.
"And you are able to see that the death of
Moroni and Walstein leaves Moore at the
mercy of only one man, yourself. And
that your own chances of prolonged life
are what we may call slender.”

  Now Abner Wells was silent. His
lean face was working, his sensitive eyes
alight with intelligence. It was plain that
he was doing some rapid thinking.

  "I think it may be to your advantage
to come to terms with us, Mr. Wells,” said
Hafiz.

  Abner Wells looked at him searching-
ly. But at that moment the bell rang
again, and the Persian admitted the Rev-
erend Mr. Suydam, a jovial, elderly cler-
gyman in clerical attire. He shook hands
with Abner Wells, whom, of course, he
knew, and, much more cordially, with
Don.

  "I have heard about you, Mr. Went-
worth,” he said. "Your kidnapping by
those Chinese brigands caused quite a
sensation in Cannonville. I shall be de-
lighted to marry you and Miss West im-
mediately, poor thing. It was sad, most
sad, and I congratulate her on obtaining a
husband of such sterling integrity as your-
self, Mr. Wentworth.”

  "I guess I’m the person to be congrat-
ulated,” answered Don.

  Suydam smiled. “You have two wit-
nesses, I suppose?” he asked.

  “Why, there’s my boy,” said Hafiz
"Pray permit me to be the other,” in-
terposed Wells. "It will be a great pleas-
ure, I assure you, if I may be allowed.”
"Why, that will be charming of you,
Mr. Wells,” said the clergyman. "The
sooner the better. You’ve got the ring,

of course? No, I’ll bet-”

  "Yes,” answered Don, laughing as he
produced the little circlet of gold. "I
bought it before I left Cannonville, and
kept it hidden about me all the while I
was in the brigands’ hands.”

  "You see,” smiled Sudh Hafiz, “Miss
West is getting a husband who has his
wits about him.”

The ceremony was over. Don couldn’t
believe it. No extraordinary change
had taken place in Lorna, standing at his
side, smiling, and apparently fully re-
stored to her normal health. And he
THE PHANTOM HAND

395

felt just the same. Odd that one could
be married and feel no different!

  Jolly Mr. Suydam had kissed the bride
and was preparing to depart when Abner
Wells gestured to Don and Hafiz to step
aside. "What you said about coming to

terms-” he began. "I’m ready. This

has got to be settled.” His face was agi-
tated. "Can you gentlemen come around
to my apartment at once and talk things
over?”

  Don looked at Hafiz. The Persian
had an inspiration. He turned to the
clergyman.

  "It’s unfortunate,” he said, "but a most
important matter of business has cropped
up, concerning Miss West. I wonder
whether we couldn't ask you to stay with
her here for half an hour while we are
gone. You’ll understand, it's a matter

that won’t permit of delay--”

  "I can quite understand,” Suydam re-
sponded. "I shall be more than delighted
to remain here with Miss West—come,
come, my dear friend, you mean Mrs.
Wentworth!—until you gentlemen are
back.”

  Don went up to Loma and explained,
but the girl looked at him a little re-
proachfully.

  "Must you leave me, dear?” she asked
imploringly.

  "For half an hour—three-quarters at
the most,” said Don. "It’s something
that cropped up—I can’t tell you now,
dear, but it’s unavoidable.”

  "I suppose you must, then, Don,” said
the girl. "But I shall be afraid all the
while you are gone. I don’t ever want us
to be separated again as long as we live.”
"I hope we never shall be, dearest,”
responded Don. "You’re an angel to
stand for it at such a time. But you
won’t be afraid with Mr. Suydam.”

  "No, I won’t be afraid with Mr. Suy-
dam,” answered the girl mechanically.

  "I have my car outside,” said Wells.

“We can reach my apartment in five
minutes.”

  They went out. It was already grow-
ing dark. Hafiz got in beside Wells, Don
seated himself in the rear, and in a few
minutes they parked outside Wells’s apart-
ment, in one of the finest apartment-
houses in Cannonville.

  "My sister keeps house for me,” said
Wells, "but she’s out this evening and we
shall not be disturbed.”

The elevator deposited them on the
fifth floor, and Wells opened his
door and ushered them in. The living- >
room showed the tastes of a gentleman
and a scholar. The rugs and color scheme
were of the finest. Old prints hung on
the walls, and the library was not of the
kind that is purchased in sets wholesale.

  Abner Wells waved Don and Sudh
Hafiz to chairs and drew up his own op-
posite them. He looked at them in his
searching way, saying nothing for a
while, and they looked back at him.
Abner Wells, the blue-stocking politician
and reformer, was a man of considerable
intelligence.

  "You think you’ve got me cornered,”
he said slowly, showing his teeth. "I’m
not so sure. What do you want to pro-
pose?”

  "We’ve got you on that traction deal,
of course,” said Sudh Hafiz.

  Abner Wells uttered a cool laugh. "So
you’ve found the reformer as bad as the
rest of them, eh?” he asked. "I rate your
intelligence higher than that, gentlemen.
You may have all the papers you like, but
you’ll never bring that home to me. Now,
between friends—at least, provisional
friends—what next?”

  "I am speaking in the dark,” said Sudh
Hafiz, and his voice took on a purr of
complacency. "I don’t know whether, in
the matter of the conspiracy to send West
to the gallows-”
396

WEIRD TALES

  "I refuse to accept that word!” shouted
Abner, who had evidently recovered from
his first fears and had devised what he
considered a way out of his dilemma.

  “-whether you have the goods on

Godfrey Moore, or whether he has the
goods on you, but in either case I think
you will read a warning in the deaths of
Moroni and Walstein.”

  ’'How do I know Walstein’s dead?”
demanded Abner.

  "If you don’t know, you’ll soon learn
of his disappearance. Come, let us have
done with fencing.”

  "What’s your game? Lay your cards on
the table.”

  "My game, as you call it,” answered
Don, "is to clear a dead man’s name.”
Abner Wells looked at him closely.
"Excuse me for a moment, gentlemen,”
he said, and left the room. Within two
minutes he was back.

  "I accept your statement that Walstein
is dead,” he said. He was shaking, in
spite of his affected nonchalance. "What
do you offer?”

  Sudh Hafiz leaned forward. "I know,”
he said, "that you were the least guilty in
the conspiracy against poor West.” This
time Abner Wells made no attempt to re-
fute the charge. "Help us bring the
proofs home to Godfrey Moore. Help us
for your own sake, for otherwise he will
assuredly kill you.”

  He turned to Don. "I think in such
event we can offer Mr. Wells immunity?”
he asked.

  Don nodded. "I’ll pledge myself to
that,” he answered.

  "And how, pray, do you imagine that
Godfrey Moore has the power to take my
life?” asked Abner. "I am no fool,
gentlemen, though I may have given you
the impression of being one.”

  "I don’t know,” answered Sudh Hafiz,
"how far Moore has initiated you into his
devilish practises, but I do know that you,

like many another apparently hard-boiled
business man, are well aware that there
is another world than this. You have con-
sulted mediums habitually, you have seen
and talked to the spirit of your dead
son-”

  "Oh God!” cried Abner Wells, and
dropped his face into his hands. When
he raised it, a moment later, it was the
face of an old man, drawn and gray.

  "Gentlemen,” he whispered, "that devil
has me in his power. Yes, I know—I
know that he encompassed the death of
West. And I know how. Do you?”

  The Persian nodded. "He can do that
to you,” he said. "Just as he sent West’s
astral to kill Captain Morse while poor
West was drugged and unconscious in his
house, so he can send yours upon another
hellish mission.”

  "I have no proofs, no papers that will
incriminate Moore. But I’ll help you.
I’ll do everything I can. God, this has
been a long nightmare! What do you
want me to do?”

  "When the time comes, I’ll tell you,”
answered Hafiz. "For the present, we
have your pledge, and you have ours of
immunity.”

They left Wells seated in his chair,
looking ten years older than when
they had entered the room with him, and
walked back briskly toward the house of
Sudh Hafiz.

  "We didn’t learn much,” said Don.
"No, and I think Wells was telling the
truth when he said he had no proofs
against Moore. But at least we have
found out where he stands, and, even if
he breaks his pledge, I think we have
taken the life out of his opposition. Now,
my dear fellow, you must have a whole
month of honeymoon with that little bride
of yours. If you see any evidences of
trance, if her father takes possession of
her, ignore him. He will not harm you.
THE PHANTOM HAND

397

  "When you come back, we shall en-
deavor to get into touch with Lemuel
West in other ways, and bring him to a
realization of the fact that he is dead, and
only furthering Moore’s devilish schemes
by letting himself be used as a tool by him.
Meanwhile, I shall be at work in his in-
terests and Lorna’s.”

  "How do you think it may be possible
to get into touch with him?” asked Don.

  "I believe,” answered Sudh Hafiz,
"that if we are unable to bring him into
touch with us on earth, one of us may
have to go down into the shadow world in
order to communicate with him more
freely. But that is a fearful journey for
a living man to make, and few indeed
have made it successfully and returned, as
the old Greek myth of Orpheus attests.
But that is part of the training we received
from my Master, who is even now watch-
ing from his retreat in my own country. I
know how to do it.”

  "You said 'One of us’,” said Don.
"I’m willing—anything that I can do to
clear poor West’s name.”

  Sudh Hafiz hesitated. "Wentworth,” he
answered, "I am able to speak to you
more frankly than hitherto. It is strange,
but the Akashic Mirror, in which I can
get fragmentary glimpses of the imme-
diate future, seems to indicate that you
will be that one. I don’t exactly under-
stand it. But I foresee that all will, in the
end, be well.” His tone became less
grave. "I believe that when you return,
Mrs. Wentworth will be fully restored to
health,” he said. "Have you made your
plans for the trip?”

  "I’m thinking of driving along the
coast road to Florida,” answered Don. "I
want to motor hard and fast for a few
days, so as to get as far from here as pos-
sible, and give Loma a complete change
of scene.”

  "A very wise decision. You’ll use my
car, of course.”

  "Why,” stammered Don, "I was think-
ing of buying one tonight. I really
couldn’t deprive you-”

  "No deprivation. I must insist on it.
Just bring her out of the house, step into
the car, and away you go. And here I
must say au revoir, Wentworth,” he
added.

  They had reached the outside of the
temple, from within which a soft glow
was proceeding. Three or four persons
were already ascending the steps. A man
looked back and nodded to Sudh Hafiz.

  “Yes, this is one of the nights for our
regular services,” said the Persian, "and
I’m a little late as it is. Convey my warm-
est regards to your bride, Wentworth, and
when you return, come straight to the
house.”

  Sudh Hafiz gripped his hand, and be-
fore Don could urge him to come in and
say good-bye to Lorna, he had passed up
the steps into the interior of the temple,
from which the soft strains of the organ
had begun to roll.

  Standing there, looking after him, Don
suddenly became conscious of fears for
Lorna. Could anything have happened
to her in the short time he had been away?
His heart beginning to pulsate violently,
he hurried to the door of Hafiz’s house.

He was immensely relieved when, at
his knock, old Mr. Suydam opened
it to him almost immediately, for the
smiling, benevolent face of the clergy-
man told him that all was well.

  "Well, here you are back already!” ex-
claimed Suydam. "You’ll be surprized
to hear that your little wife is sleeping
soundly. Poor child, she seemed all tired
out with the excitement of being mar-
ried! She asked me to lower the lights,
said that they hurt her eyes. You must
be very gentle and patient with her at
first, Wentworth. But I know that being
married to the man of her heart is the best
398

WEIRD TALES

tonic she could have,” he added, smiling.

  But fear was again hammering at the
gates of Don’s heart. Why had Lorna
asked to have the lights lowered? Was
it possible that Lemuel West was again
obsessing her, within an hour of their
marriage? He strode swiftly into the
drawing-room.

  Then his relief was like a physical pang
as he saw Loma, his very own Loma,
asleep, curled up in the big chair, and her
own sweet face instead of that ghastly,
hate-distorted one of Lemuel West’s that
he had been afraid of finding.

  He stood there for a moment, looking
down at her in the ecstasy of his reaction.
He vowed that he would win her back to
health and strength and happiness. He
would fight the devil Moore and beat him.
But for the present—only Loma.

  She opened her eyes and smiled at him.
”1 knew that you were there, even when
I was asleep,” she said. "I had rather a
bad dream, Don. I dreamed that they
had taken you away from me—or me
from you.”

  "Never, dearest,” answered Don. "I’m
with you.” He knelt down beside her
for a moment, took her hand, and pressed
it to his lips. "Always, Loma. Do you
feel well enough to start now?”

  "Yes, I’m well enough. I’m really
quite well, except that I have such
wretched dreams. But I’m not going to
have them any more. I’m quite resolved
on that. I do feel tired, but I shall be so
happy with you. Where are we going,
Don?”

  "To Florida,” answered Don. "Do
you like the idea of that, Loma?”

  "I think it will be great,” she answered
enthusiastically. "But where are we go-
ing to stop tonight?”

  “At Evansville. Do you know it? It’s
only forty miles from here, and we can
be there in almost no time. There’s a

good hotel there, too. And as soon as
I’ve got you to bed, I’m going out to buy
you a toothbrush, and anything else that
you require,” he added, laughing.

  Loma rose and put her arms about his
neck. "You’re always so good to me,
Don,” she said.

  She was so slight and frail, he felt a
rush of pity. Impulsively he picked her
up and strode with her past the genially
waving Mr. Suydam, and carried her to
the sedan, which stood outside.

  “I’m going to put you in the rear seat,
dearest,” he said. "You’ll be able to
sleep there.”

  He tucked her into a big mg that was
folded on the seat, and made her lean
her head against the comer of the
cushions. He closed the door, got in the
front, and took the wheel. In another
moment the car was rolling softly away
along the main road that ran inland
about four miles from the coast.

Once or twice he glanced around, to
see that Lorna was sleeping comfort-
ably. But his heart misgave him as he
realized how frail she looked. He would
have to take the greatest care of her. It
was going to be a longer task than he had
thought, bringing her back to health, and
a month would be barely long enough.

  He would take her to some seaside
place in Florida—not the Florida of the
tourists, but the strip that lies west of the
Floridan peninsula. There, in the bracing
air, with the warm sun and the sea, Lorna
would come back to her old self and for-
get the dreadful tragedy that had seared
her life.

  And he himself resolved to put all
thoughts of the matter out of his mind
till his return. He, too, had been under
a fearful strain, and that strain must
necessarily react upon Loma.

  He looked back again, but he could see
nothing but the faint outlines of her now,
THE PHANTOM HAND

399

for they had left the street lights far be-
hind, and were passing through the des-
olate pine forests. Thank heaven he must
be half-way to Evansville! He pressed
down the accelerator, and sent the sedan
up to fifty-five, sixty, sixty-five miles an
hour.

  But what was he hurrying for? There
was nothing wrong with Lorna. He was
fleeing as if she was mortally ill and in
need of a doctor. That was absurd. He
slowed down again, came to a stop, looked
back.

   "Lorna!” he called.

   There came no answer. She was asleep,
she must be asleep, he told himself. He
leaned back over the rear of the front
seat and laid his hand upon the rug.

   "Lorna, dear!” he said.

   No answer still. He could just see the
outlines of her body, but they were dim-
mer than they had any right to be under
that brilliant moon. He touched the rug
again. God, it folded inward! It col-
lapsed as if there were nothing under it!

  And suddenly Don became aware that
there was nothing under it. Lorna was
gone!

  Fallen out of the car? No! The door
was not only closed fast, but locked! And
yet she was not there! Frantically Don
climbed over the rear seat, and the rug
collapsed under his hands, showing the
seat beneath it!

  Don stood back in horror, trying to
make his brain function. Lorna had been
there and was gone, and she could not
have fallen out of the car. She seemed to
have dematerialized into thin air!

   And, as he stood back, he saw that she
was there after all, a phantom, her eyes
closed in sleep, looking infinitely weak
and wan and tired.

   He clutched at her, and his arms passed
through her and met.

  A wild cry broke from him. He

thought he was going mad. He shrank
back. There she was again, huddled up
in the corner. But this time she opened
her eyes and smiled at him, and extended
her arms toward him.

  And again his arms encountered only
empty air!

  Then of a sudden, as he stood there,
he heard voices, infinitely far away, low,
and yet clear, and seeming to emanate
from within his brain rather than from
any objective place. It was like voices
heard over the telephone when a connec-
tion is faulty.

  "You tell me I’m with you? I tell you
I’m with him. I’m in the car with him.
I love him. He’s my husband!”

  And that was Lorna’s voice, and, as
she spoke, once more the astral double in
the car smiled at Don, as if it responded
instantly to the thoughts of the living
woman far away.

  "I tell you you’re in my power. You’ll
do as I tell you if you ever want to see
him again!” And that was the voice of
Godfrey Moore.

  "I’m in your power no longer,” came
Lorna’s voice, sweet but faint. "I was in
your power once, but I’m awake now. I
want him.”

   ''I’ll bring him to you.”

  "You’ll bring him—here?”

  "I’ll bring him here, to show you that
I have complete control over him. After
that you’ll let your father come to me.”
"Not while I live!”

  "Not while you live?” answered God-
frey Moore’s voice mockingly. And then
suddenly Don was aware that it was ad-
dressing him.

  "You fool,” it said, "to have thought
you could thwart me! Your life was in
my hands last night. What did you want
to interfere for? I’m giving you your
chance now, your last chance. Get out
and stay out! Lorna is with me. She
400

WEIRD TALES

slipped out of the car when you slowed
down a mile from my house on the upper
road, and I left her double with you to
mock you. Watch it? Watch carefully,.
Don Wentworth.” His voice took on the
singsong of a conjurer. "Now you see
it! Now you don’t!”

  It was horrible, but the astral form of
Lorna seemed responsive to Moore’s
words. One moment he saw her in the
corner of the rear seat, smiling at him,
the next she was gone.

  And now she was gone without re-
turning, and Moore’s mocking voice was
in Don’s ears again:

  "You thought to corrupt Abner Wells!
You fatuous fool, playing with fire and
not knowing it. I offer you your last
chance of life. Drive, drive like the devil
and be out of the state by morning.
Otherwise you die.”

  "Liar!” screamed Don. He lost all
self-control, he pounded the cushions
with his fists, as if they had been God-
frey Moore. 'Tiar and devil! I’m com-
ing to you, if all the fiends of hell are at
your back!”

  He heard Moore’s faint laugh of de-
rision, and, fainter still, a cry of appeal
from Lorna.

  "Come along, Wentworth,” came
Moore’s answer. "I knew you’d come.
There’s a warm welcome waiting for
you. You'll learn what it means to cross
me. You’ll find your wife here, only it
won’t be quite the same as you expect.
There’s a crossroad a mile back from
where you are that runs right into my pri-
vate road a hundred yards from my house.
Come, and welcome!”

  The voice died away. Don was star-
ing at the empty seat in front of him.

He turned the car and drove back,
found the crossroad that he had
passed without noticing, and drove like a
madman through the pines southward

toward the sea. Was he crazed? Had
Lorna fallen from the car after all? It
mattered nothing. Don knew that so
long as Godfrey Moore lived, one living
devil bestrode the earth, and he meant to
throttle him with his own hands, if he
were hanged for it.

  On and on along the dirt trail through
the desolate pine forests Don drove, fury
in his heart and madness in his brain,
until of a sudden he saw Moore’s private
road before him, and Moore’s house,
ablaze with lights, and he was forced to
jam on the brakes with all his might, to
prevent shooting across the concrete way
into the mud flats beyond.

  With grinding, screeching brakes Bon
brought the car to a standstill at the very
edge of the concrete, backed and turned.
Looking round from force of habit as he
straightened out the car, he saw the shad-
owy outlines of Lorna’s double behind
him once again.

  And again he heard those faint voices:

 "He is coming to me.”	"--

  "I told you I had complete control over
him, that I would bring him.”

  "He’s coming of his free will because
he loves me.”

  "His love will avail you nothing.”

  "It will avail me everything, because
our love is stronger than your evil powers.
My eyes are open now. You thought
you’d killed the soul in me, but it exists
and it defies you.”

  Don heard Godfrey Moore’s scornful
laugh ring out. Then it seemed as if
Lorna was at the phantom telephone
alone.

  "Don, dearest. Don, where are you?
I feel you near me, but I can not see you.”
"I’m here, Lorna,” Don whispered, and,
mad with eagerness though he was to go
on to Moore’s house, he could not but
wait there until she had finished speaking.
And now he could see her double in the

                    W. T.—7
THE PHANTOM HAND

401

rear seat again, smiling at him. Involun-
tarily he put out his hand to touch her,
but it passed through empty air. Don
knew that was not Lorna, only a simulac-
rum, having no more of her personality
than a picture might have had. It was
her love for him that had flung it there
upon die screen of the night.

  "I’m here, Lorna,” Don whispered
again.

  "Go back, Don. He is stronger than
we are. He can kill our bodies, but he
can never kill our souls.”

  "I'm coming to you, Lorna. My place
is at your side. If he can kill us, we’ll die
together.”

   The answering sigh was very faint and
far away. Next moment the simulacrum
had vanished. Don was alone.

   He drove the car through the gates and
up the drive beneath the live-oaks, trail-
ing their festoons of moss, brought it to a
halt before ^he h»cJse>.and leaped out.
^Before him stood the open entrance doors,
and a shaft of brilliant light shone out.

  With three bounds Don was up the
steps and inside. "I’ve come,” he cried.
"I’m here, Godfrey Moore, I’m here!”
There came no answer, and Don
pushed through into the long drawing-
room, with the radio set in the corner and
the blue velvet portieres. "Loma!” he
cried. "Loma!” But the room beyond
was empty, and the next, and the next,
and beyond that the door gave upon a
passage leading into the kitchen on one
side, and running straight past it to
another door, some distance away.

  The house seemed empty, but as Don
called Lorna’s name again, he thought he
heard the faint, mocking echo of Moore’s
laugh. He grew silent, and the laugh was
not repeated.

   Infuriated, he shouted his challenge.
"I’m here, Godfrey Moore, I’m here!” he
called again. "You dared me to come,
W. T.—8

and I’m here, to fight it out with you to

the last!”

  Still silence, and Don turned and began
stamping through the rooms on the lower
floor, shouting Moore’s name and Lorna’s
alternately. But there was no one there,
and presently he found himself back in
the passage.

  He stopped irresolutely. Behind him
he could see the staircase running up to
the bedrooms, but it was not likely that
Moore or Loma would be there. His
heart sank as it occurred to him that
Moore might have been playing a trick on
him, that Lorna had been spirited away
far from the house, that he had been
drawn there on a fool’s errand.

  "Moore, damn you, you shan’t escape
me! By God, I’ll follow you to the ends
of the earth!” he cried. "Where are you
skulking?”

  "Is that you, Wentworth?” Moore’s
bland voice sounded suddenly, as if in
Don’s ear, so that he whirled about, only
to realize that he was still alone.

  "I’m here! Where are you?” shouted
Don.

  "Pray excuse me, my dear fellow! I
didn’t expect you’d be here so soon. Yes,
I have your wife with me. Poor child,
she came to me in sudden panic. She
didn’t like the idea of being married—
to you. She slipped out of your car and
dashed away through the pines-”

  "You can save your breath, Moore. No
need to lie!” cried Don.

  “Why, Wentworth, that’s a word I
don’t like,” answered Moore’s voice
blandly. "But I realize that the situation
must be a painful one for you. Let’s talk
it over like gentlemen. I can’t come to
you for the moment. Can you come to
me?”

  "I’ll go to hell for you, Moore,” said
Don, and he heard a throaty chuckle it*
response.
402

, WEIRD TALES

  "Odd that you should have tried all
doors but the right one, Wentworth. The
one at the end of the passage. There,
straight in front of you. It’s my labora-
tory, my den, whatever you like to call it.”
Don, without replying, strode down the
corridor until he reached the door. Now
he saw a tiny window in the wall over-
head, admitting a modicum of light, and
through it he could see the low bluff at
the back of the house. He had not
guessed the building ran back so far.
Moore’s den must be actually hollowed
out of the rocky bluff above him, and
deep in the earth.

ONE moment, with his hand upon the
door, Don hesitated. It was not
fear. It was rather the realization that he
was on the verge of committing Lorna and
himself irrevocably, that he was about to
step consciously into a trap.

  He knew it, but the surge of blind fury
that filled him, blinded him, made him
reckless of the consequences.

  He flung the door open and passed
through.

  Nothing! Darkness! But Don heard
the door click fast behind him, and he
shouted again, "I’m here, Moore! Show
yourself! Don’t skulk in the dark! Do
your worst! I’m ready for you!”

  Again he heard that throaty chuckle,
and then of a sudden the room was filled
with blinding, dazzling light. But it was
not ordinary light intensified to the nth
power. It was a light that could be felt,
that exerted pressure on all sides of him
at the same time; light that seemed to
hold him like a trap of steel wires, and at
the same time made it impossible for him
to open his eyes.

  He tried to take a step forward. He
tried to extend his hands to grope his
way. He could move, but it was as if the
wire trap moved with him, still imprison-

ing him. Gradually he managed to get
his eyes partly open. The light was less
intolerable. It seemed to be exercising
pressure upon his eyelids, but it did not
sear his eyes.

  Minutes went by in silence. Little by
little Don got his eyes open at last. He
could see now. The light was no longer
dazzling, but it was brighter than any
light he had ever seen—brighter in a dif-
ferent way. A mellow, soft, and infin-
itely piercing light that seemed to pen-
etrate through and through him.

  Now Don could take in his surround-
ings. He was in a small room, excavated
in the rock, for overhead was rock shored
up by beams. There was nothing in the
room but glass. The walls were covered
with glass mirrors, set at slightly different
angles, so that Don could see himself
duplicated and reduplicated a hundred
times, could see every inch of his body
from all possible angle^...........

  In front -ofTum was a long triangula?
frame of what looked like glass, extend-
ing horizontally the entire width of the
room, and laid about four feet from the
floor, being supported upon a number of
tripods. Behind this prism the light
streamed through a narrow slit in the far
wall, yet it was so intolerably bright that
it illumined the entire room. (

  On the far side of the prism it entered,
white sunlight, but from the side nearer
Don it emerged in the seven component
colors into which sunlight is dissolved by
a prism. Violet, indigo, blue, green, yel-
low, orange, red, each color was perfectly
distinct, and running through them were
the black lines of the solar spectrum.

  At each end there was a gap, and Don
knew enough of physics to be aware that
these represented the invisible ultra-violet
and ultra-red rays respectively.

  There came a click, a purring sound,
and suddenly Don found himself held as
THE PHANTOM HAND

403

in a vise. New beams of light were
streaming in on him from every side,
pressing upon him so that movement was
all but impossible.

  And in that light Don had a singular
feeling as if his bones were being turned
to marrow. He felt weak and helpless.
He had neither the will nor the power to
struggle.

  Again there sounded Moore’s malicious
chuckle, as if coming from within the
room. "Well, you’re here, Wentworth,”
came the taunting words. "You stepped
into the trap. There’s no Black Magic
here, my friend, simply a new scientific
process of which I am the inventor,
though I do not intend to patent it.

  "The disintegrating powers of light,
rightly applied, are generally known.
The earthworm shrivels up and dies when
exposed for a moderate time to sunlight.
Light kills most germs. And you, my
dear friend, though your knowledge is not
profound, have probably heard of ecto-
plasm, that exudes from the body of a
medium during a seance. If so, you are
aware that the slightest approach to sun-
light causes it to disappear immediately.

  "This ectoplasm-—pardon me if I am
explicit, but it is a pleasure to have a mod-
erately intelligent man to talk to—this
ectoplasm has been analyzed, and has
been found to be nothing mysterious or
ghostly, but the primal basis of all mat-
ter. It is subject therefore to all the con-
ditions of the physical world. The light
which is now being applied to yourself,
Wentworth, is of a nature discovered by
myself. It is of a series of ray lengths
midway between sunlight and the X-ray,
ordinarily invisible, but made visible by
certain processes into which I need not
enter.

   "Its purpose is to effect such a disinte-
gration of your own ectoplasmic contents,
that they will be automatically disunited

from your physical organism. In briefer
words, this is an apparatus for separating
—painlessly separating—the body from
its double, or astral.

  "Since you have challenged me, Went-
worth, it is my intention to reduce you to
the after-death condition, in which state
I hope to utilize your services for certain
purposes of my own. After which I
promise you that I shall give you back
your body again and leave you free to
depart.”

  Again that chuckle came from Moore's
lips. Don, who had hardly understood
what the man was saying, and only knew
that he was trapped in some infernal
mechanism, flung all his strength into a
desperate effort to free himself.

  If he could only reach the prism, not
a dozen feet in front of him, smash it, or
at least hurl it from its supporting tri-
pods! . . . but his limbs were as heavy
as lead, and it was with the utmost diffi-
culty that he was able to raise his arms an
inch.

  Brighter grew the light and more intol-
erable. More and more intensely came
that rending feeling. He could no longer
stir now. He was in no pain, but an in-
tense weakness and lethargy held him, and
he would have fallen but for the feeling
of being supported on alL sides by steel
wires.

  Now strange prickles were coursing
through all his arteries and sinews. His
body began to grow numb, cold, dead.
Only his brain was alive, but that seemed
more vividly alive tiian ever before.
Memories of his life, down to minute and
long-forgotten details, rushed through it.

  Then ensued a brief period of uncon-
sciousness. Suddenly Don awoke. He
found himself looking straight into his
own eyes1.

  He was exterior to his body, which
stood, a sagging, lifeless thing, in the
404

WEIRD TALES

middie of the floor. And suddenly, as if
released from the thongs of light that
held it, it dropped. It lay upon the floor,
inert and, to all appearances, dead.

  And Don, standing over it, had never
felt so well, so alive in every limb.

For a few moments, staring at the
thing that had been he, he could not
understand. Then suddenly the truth
was borne in upon him. He was exterior-
ized. He was what the world called dead.
He had become a phantom—yet a phan-
tom that retained all the emotions, all the
will and impulses of a living man, all the
intense desire to find Lorna and save her
from this fiend.

  Suddenly he was aware that Godfrey
Moore was in the room. Moore was in
evening dress; he held a half-smoked
cigar in his hand, and he was looking at
the lifeless body upon the floor. He
raised one foot, shod in patent leather,
and kicked it meditatively.

  But there was a change in Moore’s ap-
pearance. When Don had first seen him,
he had been struck by the man’s benign
appearance. Now, though his face was
unaltered, Don seemed to see him from
some interior point of vision, and the look
on Moore’s face was that of a devil.

  Moore in the room, within reach of
Don’s fist, ignorant, apparently, that he
was in his victim’s power!

  Don drew back his right fist and struck
with all his might, straight from the
shoulder. It was a haymaker that would
have felled a strong man and staggered a
Dempsey. To Don’s dismay, the blow
failed to perturb Moore in the slightest.
His fist passed straight through Moore’s
face and stood out behind his head.

  A cry of utter horror broke from Don’s
lips. At last he knew!

  Moore raised his head and looked at

Don fixedly. A sneering chuckle brcke
from him.

  "I can just see you, my friend,” he said.
"You have taken a slight element of phys-
ical matter with you, so that the exper-
iment has not been wholly a success, but
you are sufficiently dematerialized for my
purposes. And now, Wentworth” —
Moore thrust his face forward till it was
almost touching Don’s—"now you are
going to learn what it means to try to
cross me!”

  He raised one hand, revealing a sort
of disk of black metal, not unlike a
watch. He flicked his fingers, and a long
tongue of white flame leaped from it,
stinging Don like a whip.

  Don hurled himself upon Moore again,
his fists striking him madly, but he en-
countered only empty air. And again
and again Moore snapped his fingers, and
the white tongues leaped at Don, inflict-
ing unendurable pain.

  "Down, dog!” laughed Moore. "Down
through the floor! You’ll find some old
friends of yours below!”

  Again Don leaped, and again he reeled
back in agony. Anywhere, to obtain ref-
uge and surcease from pain.

  "Down!” shouted Moore, pointing to
the solid boards.

  As Don looked at them, they seemed
to dissolve. The room was growing shad-
owy. At the mere thought of obeying,
the floor vanished. Don found himself
descending into a dark crypt, lit by the
faintly phosphorescent forms of human
shadows.

  Exhausted, but not cowed, he crouched
like a wild beast against the rock wall. If
this was death, he had never felt more
alive.

   Don Wentworth is in Moore's power, his very soul
at the mercy of the black magician, and Lorna lost
to him. Can Sudh Hafiz save him ? What hope is there
of regaining his bride and inflicting retribution upon
the arch-criminal? But Godfrey Moore has a diabol-
ical scheme to involve all in a common ruin. Be sure
to order your copy of the October Weird Tales from
your dealer now.
  ver Time’s Threshold

By HOWARD WANDREI

!A weird story of the fourth dimension—a tale of speeding years and an eery
experiment in Professor Capal’s laboratory

  A CLOCK ticking in an empty house.

         What might that bode? Finch
turned to the girl and said, "The
agent told me this place has been closed
up for four years.”

  She nodded. It was an undeniable tick-
ing, the heavy, clipped chucking sound of
a large timepiece. The sound came from
the one unexplored room on the ground
floor, and Finch walked with the girl
toward the door of the room with some
curiosity.

  The uncovered furnishings of the old
house were gray with dust. There had
been no caretaker for these four years,
and its present condition gave it a cheap
place in the market, even among prevail-
ing low prices. The dusty furnishings
were of a rather respectable nature, some
of them rich enough to give the girl’s eyes
an incipient sparkle. And those of the
room in the left wing which they were
approaching were especially interesting.
Subconsciously Finch noted that the door
of this room was peculiar among those
they had tried on the ground floor, in its
standing open. The two paused on the
threshold of the room and looked in, hark-
ing to the ticking of the clock.

  A heavy table in the mathematical cen-
ter of the room supported a large retort
filled with a liquid colored a pale apple-
green. The glass arm of the retort ap-
peared to be depositing this fluid by slow
drops into a fair-sized graduated glass
whose capacity must have been about
equal to the liquid in the retort. A drop
now hung from the extended retort arm,

minute accumulations gradually inviting
its fall. Finch looked at the litter of test
tubes and other apparatus on the table and
glanced at the book-lined walls.

  "Capal’s laboratory,”, he said. The girl
looked at him inquiringly.

  "Professor Capal,” he said again. "He
used to live in this house, and it looks as
though he worked in this room.”

  "Oh, he used to teach at the university.”

  "Yes. He sort of disappeared four
years ago, and the house has been vacant
since.”

  Loud ticking filled the room, and now
the two watching the clock noted its pecu-
liar character with some astonishment. It
was of unusually heavy construction, and
had a broad, engraved face set with an-
tique numerals. Around this face the two
hands were describing arcs with furious
irregularity. The minute hand passed in
rapid movement past the numeral three,
stopped dead and retreated almost to the
top of the face. Then both minute and
hour hands disappeared in a blurred whirl.
The heavy ticking became confused; the
sound was full of unaccountable interrup-
tions and double strikings and displayed
as many irregularities as the movement of
the hands. The weights in the case
changed position uncertainly, and the mo-
tion of the pendulum could not be fol-
lowed; it seemed to appear ubiquitously
in its arc. The whir of the machinery be-
hind the face suddenly stopped. Finch
automatically took out his watch for the
correct time and found to his surprize that

                                    405
406

WEIRD TALES

both gave the same hour precisely, 3:10.

  At this moment the girl stepped into
the room to examine the clock more close-
ly. As she crossed the threshold and
Finch was about to step after her the re-
tort deposited a drop of the green stuff in
the fractionally filled beaker on the table.
The hesitating hands of the clock leaped
and the girl vanished.

  Finch looked about blankly.

  "Sherna——” he called questioningly.

  The ticking sounded rhythmically, now
clear, now confused as with the sound of
another escapement striking somewhat
faster. The hands hesitated, whirled,
stopped, swung back and forth like the
steadying needle of a compass.

  "Sherna!” Finch ran into the room and
looked about him, breathless and fright-
ened. And now the clock ticked with pre-
cision, but terrifying things were occur-
ring about the house. He turned to the
room’s long windows and looked at the
sky. It had blackened in less than a min-
ute. It was night. He looked amazed at
the stars, and then turned his shocked eyes
from immediately succeeding daylight.
The sun had burst like thunder through
the belt of Orion.

  Night again succeeded. The sun be-
came a mere arc of fire across the sky—a
yellow-golden rainbow, and night was an
instant’s blur of darkness. The hands of
the ticking clock followed precisely the
progress of the sun. The alternation of
night and day fell swifter and swifter, and
with Finch at the window it was like look-
ing out of the quickly winking eye of a
camera. A time camera. The succession
of light and darkness blended into a tone
of twilight under a gray sky sliced lower
and lower by the arc of the sun, as cold
crept into the room, and snow fell abroad
over the land. Then the arching sun
mounted the sky so rapidly that its many
appearances seemed one broad band of
fire in the sky.

  Now it was midsummer, and the hands
of the clock ceased their crazy whirl and
hesitated, performing aimless arcs back
and forth across the circled numbers of
the face. This happening had almost the
appearance of malice, as if to allow the
man time to take account of his disaster.

Finch looked about him. The room
seemed the same; there was a thicken-
ing of the dust if anything. He wrote
"Finch” in the dust on a free end of the
apparatus-littered table, and noticed the
new accumulation of green stuff at the
end of the retort arm.

  Capal had been a physicist, and this ar-
rangement of liquid and glass looked like
one of his remote experiments in chemis-
try. Finch thrust his forefinger into the
liquid the beaker had collected, and with-
drew it hastily. The stuff was so cold it
burned, and pain rushed up his arm like a
train of exploding needles. In the sum-
mer sky the sun marked the month as
June, but Finch and the girl had entered
the room in early August. He believed
nothing, but accepted everything under
the name of phenomena.

  At the university Capal had propagated
a number of scientifically malodorous
ideas, and was accounted a trifle mad;
Finch pleasantly conjectured that the pro-
fessor had been tricked by his own queer
notions, and wondered what his disap-
pearance had to do with his laboratory.

  The retort was mounted upon legs that
separated it from the table by almost an
inch. To one side was a clockwork mech-
anism screwed firmly to the table. Pro-
jecting from the side was a free metal arm,
to the end of which was fastened a small
plate of some reddish composition that
glinted with metal filings. This plate
would swing under the base of the retort,
but a test-tube rack had fallen and blocked
its progress. Copper wires led from bind-
ing-posts on the clockwork to a series of
OVER TIME’S THRESHOLD

407

jars of colorless liquid ranged along the
side of the apparatus.

  The girl had vanished before his eyes,
and he himself had vanished from his
own time; Where was she? Where Ca-
pal was. And Capal? Finch had good
nerves, and knew the uselessness of dash-
ing about looking for the girl aimlessly.
He was caught in a trap, and the spring
was set by Capal. The phenomena that
played in this room were incident to the
professor’s clutter of glass and clockwork,
and it was by means of these that he
would find normality. He was ready to
follow any adventure through to its com-
pletion, and now ascertained that the
clockwork was in order by pushing out the
metal arm to the limit of its swing. The
composition plate was carried forward by
clicking little wheels until it met the test-
tube rack again.

  As he was about to remove the rack he
noticed the arm of the retort, and decided
to start evenly by cleaning off the small
quantity of liquid that had collected at its
mouth. His finger tip wiped the glass, and
at the contact his arm jerked convulsively
with electric shock as he caught sight of
the girl standing opposite him, looking
about wildly.

  Finch retreated from the table con-
fusedly and called the girl’s name. The
clock’s ticking blurred into one contin-
uous sound of speaking metal, and the
hands spun hazily. The room rocked and
reeled. Again the world was in twilight,
and in the speeding seasons Finch alter-
nately shook with cold and perspired in
summer heat. He sneezed violently; he
was aware of a dim, avalanchian roar that
clarified and advanced portentously. The
old house crashed about his ears, having
run into complete decay in a matter of
minutes, and he choked in a chaos of dust
and falling, rotten timbers.

  Now he found himself prostrated
among ruins that dwindled and supported

vegetation even before his eyes. As he
scrambled to his feet on a level of crum-
bled wood and mortar, howling chaos
dinned in his ears, and then the world was
calm and he was looking out over a late
autumn wilderness.

  There was no house; there was no city
about him, and an ancient cottonwood
sank its wrinkled trunk in the ground
where the table had stood. A terrific
shock tumbled him to the ground and
when he arose the world was cold and the
sun directly overhead was a great, dim-
glowing mass that shed at most a red twi-
light.

  Far off on the horizon was the glow of
flame. A creeping blanket of smoke
marked some great fire. About a hundred
yards away, standing beneath another
huge cottonwood, was the figure of a man
anxiously examining the place all around.

  He wore tattered clothes, and spectacles
reflected light as he turned his head. A
great beast of some odd canine species
tightened a leash he gripped in one hand.
The animal saw Finch and growled: the
man looked up and shouted. Whereupon
the beast jumped against the leash, and
man and dog beat their way up the knoll
toward Finch. All his skin prickled and
his throat stiffened in fright.

  "Stop!” he screamed.

  "I’m Capal!” shouted the other. "Don’t
move! You can’t move!”

  Finch shuddered whitely. He heard a
confusion of syllables, something about
"clockwork,” and looked around dazed at
the suddenly present room of the old
house. A drop was hanging from the arm
of the retort. It fell, sparkled globularly
on the table of liquid in the glass, and
then became part of it. As he hastily ran
through the door and sprawled on the
floor outside he thought he heard the girl
call his name. At which he raised his
abraded cheek from the floor and looked
408

WEIRD TALES

back, but the room was empty. He lay
there for long and long, sleeping heavily
through the early hours of the morning.

He wakened with the sun pouring
through the doorway, shafting the
spot his body occupied. His face lay
closely against the floor. His cheek hurt
with raw soreness.

  "God! God! God!” he said, and turned
stiffly to look into the room, sitting up.
A drop of green fell from the retort and
the girl’s body appeared on the floor,
twisted angularly.

  "Sherna!” He started to his feet and
she disappeared. He stopped at the
threshold, muttering to himself. The dust
in which he had written his name, he
noted grimly, was undisturbed. Then,
burying his face in his arms and leaning
against the wall, he listened to the aim-
less, staccato chucking of the clock.

  The sportive changes in the room
mocked any reasoning, and Finch was
hungry. After walking around the
empty house for a time, absently combing
his disordered hair with his fingers, he
left the place slowly and took his way to
a near-by restaurant. The reality of food
made Capal’s laboratory seem exceedingly
remote. But the girl was gone. Where?

  Was that really‘Capal he had seen run-
ning up that lonely knoll? What cursed
beast was that with him?

  This time Finch circled the house and
stood on the ledge that footed the win-
dows of the laboratory. He could hear
the clock ticking through the panes, like
a mechanical heart. Otherwise every-
thing was quiet. The windows were curi-
ous in themselves. They didn’t open, and
the panes were of quartz-glass. The place
was built solidly, and would last for a
long time. He glued his ear to the glass
and listened to Capal’s strange clock for a
few minutes, and then peered closely at
the only other significant object visible—

the retort. At the end of its arm was a
glimmer of green liquid.

  He dropped from the window and
walked across the unkept lawn to the front
steps. Here he looked at his watch and
noted that the girl had been absent for
nearly sixteen hours. He had awakened
at about six o’clock, just as a drop had
fallen. Last night one fell at five, when
they entered the room, and again at about
ten, because of the modicum he removed
with his finger. It took about four hours
for one drop to accumulate, granting one
had fallen while he had been asleep. So.
His worried face suddenly straightened.
He had seen the girl when he touched the
retort, and when the drop fell as he awak-
ened this morning; and heard her voice as
he was leaving the room. Coincidences.

  Hurriedly leaving his seat on the stoop
he jumped the front steps. He snatched
open the front door, dashed madly down
the hall, and cut through the living-room
into the left wing. About ten feet from
the laboratory door he caught sight of the
girl lying in the same position in which he
had seen her last. He shouted and dived
headlong through the yawning door as
another green drop fell into the beaker.

  His body sprawled into the table and
he stood up dazed to find himself once
more in the room alone. Thereupon he
stumbled toward the door. The capri-
cious clock again forecast the unknown
with its spinning hands and syncopated
ticking.

The hill on which Capal’s house was
built flattened, and suffocating, hu-
mid masses of foliage crowded the spongy
earth. Finch, lying prone, looked wear-
ily and worried on the blanketed, peaty
leaves and vegetation covering the
ground, and saw near his face black
beetles and a fat spider crawling horribly.
A train of soft red insects about the size of
peas mounted his arm on their clinging,
OVER TIME’S THRESHOLD

409

tentade-like legs, and licked his shudder-
ing flesh with little red tongues like small
flames. He shook them off, and rising to
his feet stamped on the lot, and dis-
patched the bloated spider and all the in-
sects within the area the room would
enclose. Then he fearfully returned to
the spot his body had occupied when he
first recognized this new change.

  Here he stood waiting patiently, re-
solved that these things were so. First,
two objects can not occupy the same space
at the same time. Second, every four
hours the retort deposited a magical green
drop in the receptacle under the arm, and
time momentarily identified itself with the
fall of the drop. It was either Capal’s
scientific necromancy or coincidence, and
Finch didn’t care to dispute existence with
the table or book-case. And leaving the
room might mean never returning.

  For four hours he would be lost in
time, and therein he was prey to every-
thing about him. He closed his eyes in a
savage agony of nostalgia. A curious sen-
sation in his feet attracted his attention.
Looking down he saw the peat-blanketed
ground mounting his legs graspingly. Ail
around were palisades of trees, and the
surface of the land was jungled with
brush and vines. A huge creeper the size
of his wrist commenced life at the base of
a smooth-boled tree near by and careered
through the air with dizzy life, whipping
and cracking as it grew. The peat-level
mounted to his knees. He stood stiffly
while a shaggy beast hurtled past him,
pursued by a barking uproar of wild dogs.
He listened to the snarling tragedy dully.
The level of earth withdrew suddenly, and
whole stands of trees disappeared.

  Time in retrograde? Cursing Capal’s
genius he sat weakly on the ground as he
thought of going back and back and back.
But there was little time after all to won-
der whether the influence of the lost pro-

fessor’s apparatus were limited or not.
There was just time to see a stagnant ex-
panse of water, soupy and green and
crawling with life. The damp, heavy at-
mosphere was unbearable. Upward
gushes of moisture-laden air choked his
lungs and spun his brain. The sun flamed
whitely, and the forest reeked and shim-
mered with wisps of steam. Then the
rushing vegetation swept in and buffeted
him so that he stood on his feet against
the billowing foliage. A lithe, active vine
whirled through the air and burst through
the fleshy part of his arm. Finch clutched
futilely at it, crying out at the pain; the
vine had already disappeared in the shut-
tling years.

  Another period was running to its
close. Finch looked at his watch, and
stooped purposefully in one of time’s hes-
itating moments to pick up from the
ground a handy water-rotted root. He
heard the ticking of the clock, and the lab-
oratory of Capal’s house formed instantly.

  He stood anxiously eyeing the clock and
retort, gripping the root. The arm
gleamed greenly, and a drop of liquid
hung ready to fall as the hands of the
clock ceased their spasmodic whirling and
swung back and forth over the twenty-
first hour since the phenomena had begun.
Finch gripped the root, poised to throw,
while the skipping noise of the clock re-
solved itself into regular, heavy ticking.
He looked eagerly for the girl, and now
the hands were almost at a dead stop. The
ticking became a slow hammering.

  Finch trembled; with nervous accu-
racy he flung the root at the glass works
on the table as the body of the girl ap-
peared at his feet.

  Quickly he stooped to lift the girl from
the floor, though speed was no longer
necessary. The root struck the retort
squarely and smashed it into a green soup
of liquid and shattered glass. The beaker
410

WEIRD TALES

was raked from the table along with the Where the green stuff touched the table
wired jars, and a tinkle of dropping and the varnish fumed and fumed and black-
breaking test-tubes and glass rods accom- ened.

panied him as he left the room.	The clock stopped.

<T/Uh.zn Chaugnar Wakes

               By FRANK BELKNAP LONG, JR.

                      A billion miles beyond the suns
                      Which gild the edge of space,

                      Great Chaugnar dreams, and there is hate
                      And fury on its face.

                       Beyond the universe of stars

                    Where red moons wane and swim,
                    Great Chaugnar stirs, and heaves its bulk
                    Upon a crater’s rim.

                      Its ropy arms descend to suck
                      Dark nurture from the deeps
                      Of lava-pools within a cone

                      That shines whilst Chaugnar sleeps.

                       Explorers from the outer stars

                      Have glimpsed that glowing cone,
                      Have glimpsed the vast and silent shape
                      Asleep upon its throne.

                     Explorers from the world we know
                     Have seen that shape in dreams,

                      Have watched its shadow fall and spread
                      On dim familiar streams.

                     When Chaugnar wakes, its mindless hate
                     Will send it voyaging far:

                         It may set Sirius adrift,

                       Or seek a humbler star.

                        A humbler star with satellites,

                         Smail planets in its train:

                      And that is why I kneel and kneel
                      Before Great Chaugnar’s fane.
       ath Mist

By CAPTAIN GEORGE H. DAUGHERTY, JR.

An eery story of the Great War and an officer who thought he was

recreant to his trust

THROUGH the jagged stumps of
the Argonne forest swirled the
mist of a November evening.
Lieutenant John Blackmer, U. S. Infan-
try, blundered into a clearing and stopped.
To his bewildered gaze the trees assumed
fantastic shapes, seemed to close around
him, then to retreat far off in the eddying
fog. The muffled popping of rifle fire he
had heard faintly some moments before
was silent. The war and all the world
had vanished, leaving him alone in a uni-
verse of grayness. The heavy vapor lifted
a trifle so that he could see that he stood
on the edge of a shell hole. Beyond it was
the dim outline of a big tree broken off
near the ground. As the cloud lifted
again, the white wood of the broken trunk
showed in livid streaks. On the other
side of the shell hole sprawled a dead
man, with arms and legs extended wood-
enly, like some broken puppet.

  Not so much weary as unutterably de-
pressed in spirits, Lieutenant Blackmer
sank down upon a log. For a time he
stared idly, his mind as much a blank as
the grayness around him, but always with
a terrible sense of despair clutching him.
Little by little his thoughts took definite
shape. This was the end. Tonight, or
tomorrow at the latest, he would stumble
on his outfit, or, failing that, be arrested as
a straggler. Then would come the in-
evitable questioning. Why had he become
lost from his command? Why had he not
carried out his orders?

  For a moment a gleam of hope flashed
through his mind as the thought struck

him: perhaps Captain Racker, his com-
pany commander, had been killed or
wounded. Might not his defection from
duty pass unnoticed? Then realization
rushed over him again like the icy waves
of the fog. Even if Racker were dead,
the three majors knew his story, and the
lieutenant-colonel, and the colonel. At
this moment, the regiment, or what was
left of it, would be digging in for the
night. He was missed, was being asked
for, no doubt, at this moment. He
groaned, or at least he thought he did;
although no sound disturbed the silence
of the clearing. They would think he was
dead, no doubt, and so would forget him,
until he turned up. For a minute he con-
sidered the possibility of desertion, then
decided it was of no use. The military
police would only pick him up, and he
would have no defense. As matters stood,
he could at least claim that he had been
temporarily separated from his men, or
stunned by a shell-burst. If this were
only the first time, that might do. But it
wasn’t the first time.

   As he stared into the shifting eddies of
the mist he recalled vividly the colonel’s
headquarters, the grave face of the C. O.,
grizzled, stern; Captain Racker, with heavy
eyebrows knit into a ferocious scowl; the
solemn majors, even the rubicund Lieu-
tenant-Colonel MacNamee with an expres-
sion of pain on his round and usually
jovial countenance. He heard again the
colonel:

  "Lieutenant Blackmer, it plainly ap-
pears that you have failed in your duty.

                                    411
412

WEIRD TALES

For the second time you have become sep-
arated from the men in your command,
leaving them in a perilous situation in the
face of the enemy. I have heard that the
first time this happened there seemed to
be some extenuating circumstances; but
this time we can not admit them. The
only thing that saves you from a general
court-martial is the fact that Corporal
Jason of your command, by extraordinary
presence of mind, managed to lead your
patrol safely back to our lines. I tell you
that if a man of your patrol had been
killed I would have no choice but to order
you under arrest. I would do it now were
it not for the disgrace that would attach
to the entire regiment. Therefore I will
give you one more chance. Go back to
your company, sir, and try to remember
at least what you owe to this regiment, if
not to yourself, your men, and your coun-
try. One more such failure to do your
duty, and I will see that you go to Fort
Leavenworth.”

  Lieutenant Blackmer remembered, with
shame, the episodes to which the colonel
referred. Not that he had meant to be a
coward. Nor was he entirely sure that he
was a coward. Twice he had been or-
dered to lead a night-patrol. The first
time, all went well until suddenly guttural
voices sounded in front. Machine-guns
clattered. A German grappled with him.
When he got free of the fellow by a stab
with his trench-knife and three shots from
his automatic, the platoon was gone; nor
did he find them until they blundered into
the American trench ten minutes after he
had wormed his way there. None of
them had seen him struggling with the
German, so that his story was incredulous-
ly received by Captain Racker. The cap-
tain, however, said nothing about it, that
time.

  The second episode was worse. Black-
mer writhed mentally as he thought of

that night—the sudden star shells, the
bursting grenades, his dive into the shell
hole, the paralyzing fear that prevented
him from leaving until it was too late to
rejoin the patrol. This time, Captain
Racker reported both episodes to the
colonel. Blackmer shuddered again.

The fog had now lifted until it seemed
to hang in the limbs of the trees of
the clearing. The light being stronger,
the lieutenant noticed the dead body
again. It lay on its back with its arms
flung wide, and its face turned away so
that only a gray cheek was visible. For a
moment the lieutenant had an impulse to
go over and make sure that the man was
dead. Then he noticed, even at that dis-
tance, the red splotch on the tunic and the
heavy grotesque posture of the corpse.
No living body, even in the soundest
sleep, assumes the stuffed-doll attitudes of
death.

  Again he took up the thread of his rec-
ollections. Why had he failed again to-
day? He had led his platoon out of their
fox-holes at the time of the jump-olf with
the fixed determination to keep the men
together and gain the objective. Nor had
he felt any especial fear, even when they
went through the enemy barrage just as
they entered the wood. There he had
seen two of his men blown to atoms, and
three others wounded, one horribly, so
that he screamed; and his screams fol-
lowed the platoon for a long time through
the trees. There were snipers and ma-
chine-gunners in the woods. Twice the
platoon had to drop flat, and worm their
way cautiously to flank the positions from
which came those deadly streams of lead.
Both times they lost heavily, and both
times it was the lieutenant who led the
final rush and hurled the grenades which
put the machine-guns out of business, with
the gunners sprawled across them. Re-
THE DEATH MIST

413

calling these things Blackmer again asked
himself, Was he a coward? Yet, as he did
so, he marvelled both at the thrill of com-
bat he had felt in the morning, and at his
present desperate and hopeless depression.

  Again he resumed his recollections of
the battle. So far, all was clear and even
to his credit. After the capture of the sec-
ond machine-gun he had reorganized the
platoon, now reduced nearly half, and
had sent runners to right and left. These
returned in good time with reports of con-
tact established. One of them carried a
message from Captain Racker to move
forward at once. Hs did so, though the
undergrowth was very thick and a gray
mist had already begun to form. What
then? Another furious barrage. Shell
bursts flaming red in the murk. Thunder-
claps of sound. The shriek and hiss of
fragments. It was just after this, he re-
called, that they must have run into a Ger-
man company. Brown and gray figures
had grappled. Shouts, screams, the clatter
of rifle fire, the booming of grenades: all
seemed to mingle as in an endless night-
mare. At first he was with his men; then
they had evaporated. He had gone in
frantic search of them. Once he was sud-
denly among a group of the enemy. He
remembered, in a flash, their bucket-hel-
mets and bearded faces all about him;
again he was almost atop of a machine-
gun that spat directly at him, yet never
touched him. . . . Once more the mist
swirled over all, until suddenly he rea-
lized that the battle was far away, and he
was alone, he knew not how or why.

  Looking up, he saw that the fog was
nearly gone, but that the forest would
soon be dark. Faint shots and the far-
away clatter of a machine-gun in front of
him showed in which direction the front
lay,

He rose to go, with the leaden feel-
ing that it was to his own execution.
At the same time, he wondered why he
seemed not to notice the weariness, hun-
ger, and faintness that usually tortured
him after such a day. Instead, he felt only
a horrible despair.

  All at once, with intense amazement,
he looked again about him. . . . That
broken tree—had he not seen it topple
and fall, leaving that bunch of splinters
on the stump like some fantastic, clutch-
ing hand? Then he recognized the clear-
ing. The platoon had passed that way in
the afternoon. Wat it not here that the
second rain of shells had caught them,
just as the fog closed down? And the
dead man—he must have been one of
Blackmer’s own outfit.

  Feeling his own despair lighten in a
sudden wave of pity for the poor devil,
Lieutenant Blackmer went toward the
body. In this lonely place, he thought, the
corpse might easily escape notice, and so
remain unburied, while the man would be
listed for ever among the missing. The
lieutenant could at least take one of the
neck-tags and give directions for the loca-
tion and proper burial of the body. It
would be the last service he could render
any one of his men, and that but a poor
return for his desertion of them in the
thick of the battle.

  So thinking, and again in the grip of
the deathly chill at the thought of his own
past and future, Lieutenant Blackmer ap-
proached the dead man. But what was
this—an officer? Could it be Captain
Racker? Blackmer bent over the corpse.
Then, as the icy waves of the fog rolled
over him for the last time, he realized the
cause of his despair. The convulsed and
blood-stained features which stared at him
were his own!
By MARY WOLLSTONECRAFT SHELLEY

The Story Thus Far

ROBERT WALTON, captain of a
ship seeking a passage through
“■ the Arctic Ocean, saw a low car-
riage, fixed on a sledge and drawn by
dogs, pass over the ice-field to the north.
In it sat a being which had the shape of
a man, but apparently of gigantic stature.

  The next morning, after the ice had
broken, he rescued from an ice-field an-
other man, greatly emaciated. Only one
of his dogs remained alive, for he had
been marooned for some time. The man
was Victor Frankenstein, a young scien-
tist, who related to Captain Walton the
incredible story of his life and how he
came to be on the ice-floe.

  Frankenstein had lived in Geneva with
his father and his adopted sister, Eliza-
beth, to whom he was betrothed. His
father sent him to school at Ingolstadt
with his chum, Henry Clerval. There he
progressed in his studies of natural science
to such a point that he learned to create
life.

  Without taking Clerval into his secret,
Frankenstein created a monster, eight feet
tall and human in appearance, taking his

materials from graveyards, slaughter-
houses and dissecting-rooms. The mon-
ster was so terrible to look upon that
Frankenstein fled from it, and the mon-
ster escaped.

  Abandoned by its creator, the monster
made its way to the vicinity of Franken-
stein's home, where he murdered Frank-
enstein's younger brother, William, mak-
ing it appear that Justine Moritz, a friend
of the family, had committed the murder.
Justine was convicted and sentenced to
death; while Frankenstein, knowing that
if he told the truth he would be con-
sidered a lunatic, was forced to keep si-
lence.

  Frankenstein met the monster in a hut
in the Alps, and there the monster told
him how he had learned to talk by ob-
serving a peasant family for many months,
and how he had changed from a being
with good impulses to a malevolent de-
mon because when he revealed himself
to the eyes of the peasants by entering
their cottage, they had been so horrified
by his frightful appearance that they beat
him with sticks and drove him away; and
all men’s hands were raised against the
hideous monster.

414

This story began in WEIRD TALES for May
FRANKENSTEIN

415

     CHAPTER 16

URSED, cursed creator! Why did I
live? Why, in that instant, did I
not extinguish the spark of existence which
you had so wantonly bestowed? I know
not; despair had not yet taken possession
of me; my feelings were those of rage
and revenge. I could with pleasure have
destroyed the cottage and its inhabitants,
and have glutted myself with their shrieks
and misery.

  "When night came, I quitted my re-
treat, and wandered in the wood; and now,
no longer restrained by the fear of dis-
covery, I gave vent to my anguish in fear-
ful howlings. I was like a wild beast that
had broken the toils; destroying the ob-
jects that obstructed me, and ranging
through the wood with a stag-like swift-
ness. Oh! what a miserable night I
passed! The cold stars shone in mockery,
and the bare trees waved their branches
above me: now and then the sweet voice
x?f a bird burst forth amidst the universal
stillness. All, save me, weie at rest or in
enjoymenfrT, like the arch-fiend, bore a
hell within me; and, finding myself un-
sympathized with, wished to tear up the
trees, spread havoc and destruction around
me, and then to have sat down and en-
joyed the ruin.

   "But this was a luxury of sensation that
could not endure; I became fatigued with
excess of bodily exertion, and sank on the
damp grass in the sick impotence of de-
spair. There was none among the myriads
of men that existed who would pity or
assist me; and should I feel kindness to-
wards my enemies? No: from that
moment I declared everlasting war against
the species, and, more than all, against
him who had formed me, and sent me
forth to this insupportable misery.

   "The sun rose; I heard the voices of
men, and knew that it was impossible to
return to my retreat during that day. Ac-

cordingly I hid myself in some thick
underwood, determining to devote the en-
suing hours to reflection on my situation.

  "The pleasant sunshine, and the pure
air of day, restored me to some degree of
tranquillity; and when I considered what
had passed at the cottage, I could not help
believing that I had been too hasty in my
conclusions. I had certainly acted impru-
dently. It was apparent that my conver-
sation had interested the father in my be-
half, and I was a fool in having exposed
my person to the horror .of his children.
I ought to have familiarized the old De
Lacey to me, and by degrees to have dis-
covered myself to the rest of his family,
when they should have been prepared for
my approach. But I did not believe my
errors to be irretrievable; and, after much
consideration, I resolved to return to the
cottage, seek the old man, and by my rep-
resentations win him to my party.

  "These thoughts calmed me, and in the
afternoon I sank into a profound sleep;
but the fever of my blood did not allow
me to be visited by peaceful dreams. The
horrible scene of the preceding day was
for ever acting before my eyes; the fe-
males were flying, and the enraged Felix
tearing me from his father’s feet. I awoke
exhausted; and, finding that it was already
night, I crept forth from my hiding-place,
and went in search of food.

  "When my hunger was appeased, I di-
rected my steps towards the well-known
path that conducted to the cottage. All
there was at peace. I crept into my hovel,
and remained in silent expectation of the
accustomed hour when the family arose.
That hour passed, the sun mounted high
in the heavens, but the cottagers did not
appear. I trembled violently, apprehend-
ing some dreadful misfortune. The inside
of the cottage was dark, and I heard no
motion; I can not describe the agony of
this suspense.
416

WEIRD TALES

  "Presently two countrymen passed by;
but, pausing near the cottage, they entered
into conversation, using violent gesticula-
tions; but I did not understand what they
said, as they spoke the language of the
country, which differed from that of my
protectors. Soon after, however, Felix ap-
proached with another man: I was sur-
prized, as I knew that he had not quitted
the cottage that morning, and waited
anxiously to discover, from his discourse,
the meaning of these unusual appearances.

  " 'Do you consider,’ said his compan-
ion to him, 'that you will be obliged to
pay three months’ rent, and to lose the
produce of your garden? I do not wish to
take any unfair advantage, and I beg
therefore that you will take some days to
consider of your determination.’

  " ‘It is utterly useless,’ replied Felix;
'we can never again inhabit your cottage.
The life of my father is in the greatest
danger, owing to the dreadful circum-
stance that I have related. My wife and
my sister will never recover from their
horror. I entreat you not to reason with
me any more. Take possession of your
tenement, and let me fly from this place/
"Felix trembled violently as he said
this. He and his companion entered the
cottage, in which they remained for a few
minutes, and then departed. I never saw
any of the family of De Lacey more.

“T continued for the remainder of the
A day in my hovel in a state of utter
and stupid despair. My protectors had
departed, and had broken the only link
that held me to the world. For the first
time the feelings of revenge and hatred
filled my bosom, and I did not strive to
control them; but, allowing myself to be
borne away by the stream, I bent my mind
towards injury and death. When I
thought of my friends, of the mild voice
of De Lacey, the gentle eyes of Agatha,

and the exquisite beauty of the Arabian,
these thoughts vanished, and a gush of
tears somewhat soothed me. But again,
when I reflected that they had spurned
and deserted me, anger returned, a rage
of anger; and, unable to injure anything
human, I turned my fury towards inan-
imate objects. As night advanced, I
placed a variety of combustibles around
the cottage; and, after having destroyed
every vestige of cultivation in the garden,
I waited with forced impatience until the
moon had sunk to commence my opera-
tions.

  "As the night advanced, a fierce wind
arose from the woods, and quickly dis-
persed the clouds that had loitered in the
heavens: the blast tore along like a mighty
avalanche, and produced a kind of insan-
ity in my spirits that burst all bounds of
reason and reflection. I lighted the dry
branch of a tree, and danced with fury
around the devoted cottage, my eyes still
fixed on the western horizon, the edge of
which the moon nearly touched. Apaft
of its orb was at length hidrand f^waved
my brand; it sunk, and, with a loud
scream, I fired the straw, and heath, and
bushes, which I had collected. The wind
fanned the fire, and the cottage was quick-
ly enveloped by the flames, which dung
to it, and licked it with their forked and
destroying tongues.

  "As soon as I was convinced that no
assistance could save any part of the hab-
itation, I quitted the scene and sought for
refuge in the woods.

  "And now, with the world before me,
whither should I bend my steps? I re-
solved to fly far from the scene of my mis-
fortunes; but to me, hated and despised,
every country must be equally horrible.
At length the thought of you crossed my
mind. I learned from your papers that
you were my father, my creator; and to
whom could I apply with more fitness

                    W. T.—8
FRANKENSTEIN

417

than to him who had given me life?
Among the lessons that Felix had be-
stowed upon Safie, geography had not
been omitted. I had learned from these
the relative situations of the different
countries of the earth. You had men-
tioned Geneva as the name of your native
town; and towards this place I resolved
to proceed.

  "But how was I to direct myself? I
knew that I must travel in a southwest-
erly direction to reach my destination; but
the sun was my only guide. I did not
know the names of the towns that I was
to pass through, nor could I ask informa-
tion from a single human being; but I did
not despair. From you only could I hope
for succor, although towards you I felt no
sentiment but that of hatred. Unfeeling,
heardess creator! you had endowed me
with perceptions and passions, and then
cast me abroad an object for the scorn and
horror of mankind. But on you only had
I any claim for pity and redress, and from
you I determined to seek that justice which
I vainly attempted to gain from any other
being that wore the human form.

Y travels were long, and the suf-
ferings I endured intense. It was
late in autumn when I quitted the district
where I had so long resided. I traveled
only at night, fearful of encountering the
visage of a human being. Nature decayed
around me, and the sun became heatless;
rain and snow poured around me; mighty
rivers were frozen; the surface of the earth
was hard, and chill, and bare, and I found
no shelter. Oh, earth! how often did I
imprecate curses on the cause of my being!
The mildness of my nature had fled, and
all within me was turned to gall and bit-
terness. The nearer I approached to your
habitation, the more deeply did I feel the
spirit of revenge enkindled in my heart.

  "Snow fell, and the waters were hard-
     W. T.—fl

ened; but I rested not. A few incidents
now and then directed me, and I possessed
a map of the country; but I often wan-
dered wide from my path. The agony
of my feelings allowed me no respite: no
incident occurred from which my rage
and misery could not extract its food; but
a circumstance that happened when I ar-
rived on the confines of Switzerland, when
the sun had recovered its warmth, and the
earth again began to look green, confirmed
in an especial manner the bitterness and
horror of my feelings.

  "I generally rested during the day, and
traveled only when I was secured by night
from the view of man. One morning
however, finding that my path lay through
a deep wood, I ventured to continue my
journey after the sun had risen; the day,
which was one of the first of spring,
cheered even me by the loveliness of its
sunshine and the balminess of the air. I
felt emotions of gentleness and pleasure,
that had long appeared dead, revive with-
in me. Half surprized by the novelty of
these sensations, I allowed myself to be
borne away by them; and, forgetting my
solitude and deformity, dared to be happy.
Soft tears again bedewed my cheeks, and
I even raised my humid eyes with thank-
fulness towards the blessed sun which
bestowed such joy upon me.

  "I continued to wind among the paths
of the wood, until I came to its boundary,
which was skirted by a deep and rapid
river, into which many of the trees bent
their branches, now budding with the
fresh spring. Here I paused, not exactly
knowing what path to pursue, when I
heard the sound of voices that induced me
to conceal myself under the shade of a
cypress. I was scarcely hid, when a young
girl came running towards the spot where
I was concealed, laughing, as if she ran
from some one in sport. She continued
her course along the precipitous sides of
418

WEIRD TALES

the river, when suddenly her foot slipt,
and she fell into the rapid stream.

  "I rushed from my hiding-place; and,
with extreme labor from the force of the
current, saved her, and dragged her to
shore. She was senseless; and I endeav-
ored by every means in my power to re-
store animation, when I was suddenly in-
terrupted by the approach of a rustic, who
was probably the person from whom she
had playfully fled. On seeing me, he
darted towards me, and tearing the girl
from my arms, hastened towards the deep-
er parts of the wood. I followed speed-
ily, I hardly knew why; but when the man
saw me draw near, he aimed a gun, which
he carried, at my body, and fired. I sunk
to the ground, and my injurer, with in-
creased swiftness, escaped into the wood.

  ''This was then the reward of my be-
nevolence! I had saved a human being
from destruction, and, as a recompense, I
now writhed under the miserable pain of
a wound, which shattered the flesh and
bone. The feelings of kindness and
gentleness which I had entertained but a
few moments before gave place to hellish
rage and gnashing of teeth. Inflamed by
pain, I vowed eternal hatred and ven-
geance to all mankind. But the agony of
my wound overcame me; my pulses
paused, and I fainted.

“TT'or some weeks I led a miserable life
•T in the woods, endeavoring to cure the
wound which I had received. The ball
had entered my shoulder, and I knew not
whether it had remained there or passed
through; at any rate I had no means of ex-
tracting it. My sufferings were augment-
ed also by the oppressive sense of the
injustice and ingratitude of their infliction.
My daily vows rose for revenge—a deep
and deadly revenge, such as would alone
compensate for the outrages and anguish
I had endured.

  'After some weeks my wound healed,
and I continued my journey. The labors
I endured were no longer to be alleviated
by the bright sun or gentle breezes of
spring: all joy was but a mockery, which
insulted my desolate state, and made me
feel more painfully that I was not made
for the enjoyment of pleasure.

  "But my toils now drew near a close;
and in two months from this time I
reached the environs of Geneva.

  "It was evening when I arrived;'and I
retired to a hiding-place among the fields
that surround it, to meditate in what man-
ner I should apply to you. I was op-
pressed by fatigue and hunger, and far too
unhappy to enjoy the gentle breezes of
evening, or the prospect of the sun setting
behind the stupendous mountains of Jura.

  "At this time a slight sleep relieved me
from the pain of reflection, which was dis-
turbed by the approach of a beautiful
child, who came running into the recess I
had chosen, with all the sportiveness of
infancy. Suddenly, as I gazed on him, an
idea seized me, that this little creature was
unprejudiced, and had lived too short a
time to have imbibed a horror of deform-
ity. If, therefore, I could seize him, and
educate him as my companion and friend,
I should not be so desolate in this peopled
earth.

  "Urged by this impulse, I seized on the
boy as he passed and drew him towards
me. As soon as he beheld my form, he
placed his hands before his eyes and
uttered a shrill scream: I drew his hand
forcibly from his face, and said, 'Child,
what is the meaning of this? I do not
intend to hurt you; listen to me.’

  "He struggled violently. 'Let me go,’
he cried; 'monster! ugly wretch! you wish
to eat me, and tear me to pieces—You are
an ogre—Let me go, or I will tell my
papa.’
FRANKENSTEIN

419

  " 'Boy, you will never see your father
again; you must come with me.’

  " 'Hideous monster, let me go. My
papa is a Syndic—he is Monsieur Frank-
enstein—he will punish you. You dare
not keep me.'

  " 'Frankenstein! you belong then to my
enemy—to him towards whom I have
sworn eternal revenge; you shall be my
first victim.’

  "The child still struggled, and loaded
me with epithets which carried despair to
my heart; I grasped his throat to silence
him, and in a moment he lay dead at my
feet.

  "I gazed on my victim, and my heart
swelled with exultation and hellish tri-
umph: clapping my hands, I exclaimed, 'I,
too, can create desolation; my enemy is
not invulnerable; this death will carry
despair to him, and a thousand other mis-
eries shall torment and destroy him.’

  "As I fixed my eyes on the child, I saw
something glittering on his breast. I took
it; it was a portrait of a most lovely
woman. In spite of my malignity, it soft-
ened and attracted me. For a few mo-
ments I gazed with delight on her dark
eyes, fringed by deep lashes, and her
lovely lips; but presently my rage re-
turned : I remembered that I was for ever
deprived of the delights that such beauti-
ful creatures could bestow; and that she
whose resemblance I contemplated would,
in regarding me, have changed that air
of divine benignity to one expressive of
disgust and affright.

  “Can you wonder that such thoughts
transported me with rage? I only wonder
that at that moment, instead of venting
my sensations in exclamations and agony,
I did not rush among mankind and perish
in the attempt to destroy them.

  "While I was overcome by these feel-
ings, I left the spot where I had commit-

ted the murder, and seeking a more
secluded hiding-place, I entered a bam
which had appeared to me to be empty.
A woman was sleeping on some straw;
she was young: not indeed so beautiful
as her whose portrait I held; but of an
agreeable aspect, and blooming in the
loveliness of youth and health. Here, I
thought, is one of those whose joy-impart-
ing smiles are bestowed on all but me.
And then I bent over her, and whispered,
'Awake, fairest, thy lover is near — he
who would give his life but to obtain one
look of affection from thine eyes: my be-
loved, awake!’

  "The sleeper stirred; a thrill of terror
ran through me. Should she indeed
awake, and see me, and curse me, and
denounce the murderer? Thus would she
assuredly act, if her darkened eyes opened
and she beheld me. The thought was
madness; it stirred the fiend within me—
not I, but she shall suffer: the murder I
have committed because I am for ever
robbed of all that she could give me, she
shall atone. The crime had its source in
her: be hers the punishment! Thanks, to
the lessons of Felix and the sanguinary
laws of man, I had learned how to work
mischief. I bent over her, and placed the
portrait securely in one of the folds of her
dress. She moved again, and I fled.

  "For some days I haunted the spot
where these scenes had taken place; some-
times wishing to see you, sometimes re-
solved to quit the world and its miseries
for ever. At length I wandered towards
these mountains, and have ranged through
their immense recesses, consumed by a
burning passion which you alone can
gratify. We may not part until you have
promised to comply with my requisition.
I am alone, and miserable; man will not
associate with me; but one as deformed
and horrible as myself would not deny
herself to me. My companion must be of
420

WEIRD TALES

the same species, and have the same de-
fects. This being you must create.”

CHAPTER 17

The being finished speaking, and fixed
his looks upon me in expectation of
a reply. But I was bewildered, perplexed,
and unable to arrange my ideas sufficient-
ly to understand the full extent of his

proposition. He continued-

  "You must create a female for me, with
whom I can live in the interchange of
those sympathies necessary for my being.
This you alone can do; and I demand it
of you as a right which you must not re-
fuse to concede.”

   The latter part of his tale had kindled
anew in me the anger that had died away
while he narrated his peaceful life among
the cottagers, and, as he said this, I could
no longer suppress the rage that burned
within me.

   "I do refuse it,” I replied; "and no tor-
ture shall ever extort a consent from me.
You may render me the most miserable of
men, but you shall never make me base
in my own eyes. Shall I create another
like yourself, whose joint wickedness
might desolate the world? Begone! I
have answered ypu; you may torture me,
but I will never consent.”

  "You are in the wrong,” replied the
fiend; "and, instead of threatening, I am
content to reason with you. I am mali-
cious because I am miserable. Am I not
shunned and hated by all mankind? You,
my creator, would tear me to pieces, and
triumph; remember that, and tell me why
I should pity man more than he pities me?
You would not call it murder if you could
precipitate me into one of those ice-rifts,
and destroy my frame, the work of your
own hands. Shall I respect man when he
contemns me? Let him live with me in
the interchange of kindness; and, instead

of injury, I would bestow every benefit
upon him with tears of gratitude at his
acceptance. But that can not be; the hu-
man senses are insurmountable barriers
to our union. Yet mine shall not be the
submission of abject slavery. I will re-
venge my injuries: if I can not inspire
love, I will cause fear; and chiefly towards
you my arch-enemy, because my creator,
do I swear inextinguishable hatred. Have
a care: I will work at your destruction,
nor finish until I desolate your heart, so
that you shall curse the hour of your
birth.”

   A fiendish rage animated him as he said
this; his face was wrinkled into contor-
tions too horrible for human eyes to be-
hold; but presently he calmed himself
and proceeded-

  "I intended to reason. This passion is
detrimental to me; for you do not reflect
that you are the cause of its excess. If any
being felt emotions of benevolence
towards me, I should return them an hun-
dred and an hundred fold; for that one
creature’s sake, I would make peace with
the whole kind! But I now indulge in
dreams of bliss that can not be realized.
What I ask of you is reasonable and mod-
erate; I demand a creature of another sex,
but as hideous as myself; the gratification
is small, but it is all that I can receive, and
it shall content me. It is true we shall
be monsters, cut off from all the world;
but on that account we shall be more at-
tached to one another. Our lives will not
be happy, but they will be harmless, and
free from the misery I now feel. Oh! my
creator, make me happy; let me feel grat-
itude towards you for one benefit! Let
me see that I excite the sympathy of some
existing thing; do not deny me my re-
quest!”

  I was moved. I shuddered when I
thought of the possible consequences of
my consent; but I felt that there was some
FRANKENSTEIN

421

justice in his argument. His tale, and the
feelings he now expressed, proved him to
be a creature of fine sensations; and did
I not as his maker owe him all the portions
of happiness that it was in my power to
bestow? He saw my change of feeling
and continued-

  "If you consent, neither you nor any
other human being shall ever see us again:
I will go to the vast wilds of South Amer-
ica. My food is not that of man; I do not
destroy the lamb and the kid to glut my
appetite; acorns and berries afford me suf-
ficient nourishment. My companion will
be of the same nature as myself, and will
be content with the same fare. We shall
make our bed of dried leaves; the sun will
shine on us as on man, and will ripen
our food. The picture I present to you
is peaceful and human, and you must feel
that you could deny it only in the wanton-
ness of power and cruelty. Pitiless as you
have been towards me, I now see compas-
sion in your eyes; let me seize the favor-
able moment, and persuade you to promise
what I so ardently desire.”

  "You propose,” replied I, "to fly from
the habitations of man, to dwell in those
wilds where the beasts of the field will be
your only companions. How can you,
who long for the love and sympathy of
man, persevere in this exile? You will
return, and again seek their kindness, and
you will meet with their detestation; your
evil passions will be renewed, and you
will then have a companion to aid you in
the task of destruction. This may not be:
cease to argue the point, for I can not
consent.”

  "How inconstant are your feelings! but
a moment ago you were moved by my rep-
resentations, and why do you again hard-
en yourself to my complaints? I swear to
you, by the earth which I inhabit, and by
you that made me, that, with the compan-
ion you bestow, I will quit the neighbor-

hood of man, and dwell as it may chance
in the most savage of places. My evil
passions will have fled, for I shall meet
with sympathy! my life will flow quietly
away, and, in my dying moments, I shall
not curse my maker.”

His words had a strange effect upon
me. I compassionated him, and
sometimes felt a wish to console him; but
when I looked upon him, when I saw the
filthy mass that moved and talked, my
heart sickened, and my feelings were al-
tered to those of horr&r and hatred. I
tried to stifle these sensations; I thought
that, as I could not sympathize with him,
I had no right to withhold from him the
small portion of happiness which was yet
in my power to bestow.

  "You swear,” I said, "to be harmless;
but have you not already shown a degree
of malice that should reasonably make me
distrust you? May not even this be a
feint that will increase your triumph by
affording a wider scope for your revenge.”
"How is this? I must not be trifled
with: and I demand an answer. If I have
no ties and no affections, hatred and vice
must be my portion; the love of another
will destroy the cause of my crimes, and I
shall become a thing of whose existence
every one will be ignorant. My vices are
the children of a forced solitude that I
abhor; and my virtues will necessarily arise
when I live in communion with an equal.
I shall feel the affections of a sensitive be-
ing, and become linked to the chain of
existence and events, from which I am
now excluded.”

  I paused some time to reflect on all he
had related, and the various arguments
which he had employed. I thought of the
promise of virtues which he had displayed
on the opening of his existence, and the
subsequent blight of all kindly feeling by
the loathing and scorn which his protec-
422

WEIRD TALES

tors had manifested towards him. His
power and threats were not omitted in my
calculations: a creature who could exist in
the ice-caves of the glaciers, and hide
himself from pursuit among the ridges of
inaccessible precipices, was a being pos-
ssessing faculties it would be vain to cope
with. After a long pause of reflection, I
concluded that the justice due both to him
and my fellow-creatures demanded of me
that i should comply with his request.

Turning to him, therefore, I said-

  "I consent to your demand, on your sol-
emn oath to quit Europe for ever, and
every other place in the neighborhood of
man, as soon as I shall deliver into your
hands a female who will accompany you
in your exile.’"

  "I swear,” he cried, “by the sun, and
by the blue sky of heaven, and by the fire
of love that burns my heart, that if you
grant my prayer, while they exist you
shall never behold me again. Depart to
your home, and commence your labors:
I shall watch their progress with unutter-
able anxiety; and fear not but that when
you are ready I shall appear.”

  Saying this, he suddenly quitted me,
fearful, perhaps of any change in my sen-
timents. I saw him descend the mountain
with greater speed than the flight of an
eagle, and quickly lost among the undu-
lations of the sea of ice.

  His tale had occupied the whole day;
and the sun was upon the verge of the
horizon when he departed. I knew that
I ought to hasten my descent towards the
valley, as I should soon be encompassed
in darkness; but my heart was heavy, and
my steps slow. The labor of winding
among the little paths of the mountains,
and fixing my feet firmly as I advanced,
perplexed me, occupied as I was by the
emotions which the day had produced.
Night was far advanced when I came
to the half-way resting-place, and seated

myself beside the fountain. The stars
shone at intervals, as the clouds passed
from over them; the dark pines; rose be-
fore me, and every here and there a bro-
ken tree lay on the ground: it was a scene
of wonderful solemnity, and stirred
strange thoughts within me. I wept bit-
terly; and clasping my hands in agony, I
exdaimed, "Oh! stars, and douds, and
winds, ye are all about to mock me: if ye
really pity me, crush sensation and mem-
ory; let me become as nought; but if not,
depart, depart, and leave me in darkness.”

  These were wild and miserable
thoughts; but I can not describe to you
how the eternal twinkling of the stars
weighed upon me, and how I listened to
every bias* of wind as if it were a dull
ugly siroc on its way to consume me.

  Morning dawned before I arrived at the
village of Chamounix; I took no rest, but
returned immediately to Geneva. Even
in my own heart I could give no expres-
sion to my sensations—they weighed oa
me with a mountain’s weight, and their
excess destroyed my agony beneath them.
Thus I returned home, and entering the
^house, presented myself to the family.

  My haggard and wild appearance awoke
intense alarm; but I answered no ques-
tion, scarcely did I speak. I felt as if I
were placed under a ban—as if I had no
right to claim their sympathies—as if
never more might I enjoy companionship
with them. Yet even thus I loved them
to adoration; and to save them, I resolved
to dedicate myself to my most abhorred
task. The prospect of such an occupatioa
made every other circumstance of exist-
ence pass before me like a dream; and that
thought only had to me the reality of life.

CHAPTER IS

Day after day, week after week, passed
away on my return to Geneva; and
I could not collect the courage to recoal-
FRANKENSTEIN

423

mence my work. I feared the vengeance
of the disappointed fiend, yet I was unable
to overcome my repugnance to the task
which was enjoined me. I found that I
could not compose a female without again
devoting several months to profound study
and laborious disquisition. I had heard of
some discoveries having been made by an
English philosopher, the knowledge of
which was material to my success, and I
sometimes thought of obtaining my fa-
ther’s consent to visit England for this
purpose; but I clung to every pretense of
delay, and shrunk from taking the first
step in an undertaking whose immediate
necessity began to appear less absolute to
me.

  A change indeed had taken place in
me: my health, which had hitherto de-
clined, was now much restored; and my
spirits, when unchecked by the memory
of my unhappy promise, rose proportion-
ably. My father saw this change with
pleasure, and he turned- his thoughts
towards the best method of eradicating
the remains of my melancholy, which
every now and then would return by fits,
and with a devouring blackness overcast
the approaching sunshine.

  At these moments I took refuge in the
most perfect solitude. I passed whole
days on the lake alone in a little boat,
watching the clouds, and listening to the
rippling of the waves, silent and listless.
But the fresh air and bright sun seldom
failed to restore me to some degree of
composure; and, on my return, I met the
salutations of my friends with a readier
smile and a more cheerful heart.

  It was after my return from one of these
rambles, that my father, calling me aside,
thus addressed me:

  "I am happy to remark, my dear son,
that you have resumed your former pleas-
ures, and seem to be returning to yourself.
And yet you are still unhappy, and still

avoid our society. For some time I was
lost in conjecture as to the cause of this;
but yesterday an idea struck me, and if it
is well founded, I conjure you to avow it.
Reserve 011 such a point would be not
only useless, but draw down treble misery
on us all.”

  I trembled violently at his exordium,
and my father continued-

  "I confess, my son, that I have always
looked forward to your marriage with our
dear Elizabeth as the tie of our domestic
comfort, and the stay of my declining
years. You were attached to each other
from your earliest infancy; you studied
together, and appeared, in dispositions
and tastes, entirely suited to one another.
But so blind is the experience of man that
what I conceived to be the best assistants
to my plan may have entirely destroyed
it. You, perhaps, regard her as your sis-
ter, without any wish that she might be-
come your wife. Nay, you may have met
with another whom you may love; and,
considering yourself as bound in honor to
Elizabeth, this struggle may occasion the
poignant misery which you appear to
feel.”

  "My dear father, reassure yourself. I
love my cousin tenderly and sincerely. I
never saw any woman who excited, as
Elizabeth does, my warmest admiration
and affection. My future hopes and pros-
pects are entirely bound up in the expec-
tation of our union.”

  "The expression of your sentiments of
this subject, my dear Victor, gives me
more pleasure than I have for some time
experienced. If you feel thus, we shall
assuredly be happy, however present
events may cast a gloom over us. But
it is this gloom, which appears to have
taken so strong a hold of your mind, that
I wish to dissipate. Tell me, therefore,
whether you object to an immediate sol-
emnization of the marriage. We have
424

WEIRD TALES

been unfortunate, and recent events have
drawn us from that everyday tranquillity
befitting my years and infirmities. You
are younger; yet I do not suppose, pos-
sessed as you are of a competent fortune,
that an early marriage would at all inter-
fere with any future plans of honor and
utility that you may have formed. Do not
suppose, however, that I wish to dictate
happiness to you, or that a delay on your
part would cause me any serious uneasi-
ness. Interpret my words with candor,
and answer me, I conjure you, with con-
fidence and sincerity.”

   I listened to my father in silence, and
remained for some time incapable of of-
fering any reply. I revolved rapidly in
my mind a multitude of thoughts, and en-
deavored to arrive at some conclusion.
Alas! to me the idea of an immediate union
with my Elizabeth was one of horror and
dismay. I was bound by a solemn prom-
ise, which I had not yet fulfilled, and
dared not break; or, if I did, what man-
ifold miseries might not impend over me
and my devoted family! Could I enter
into a festival with this deadly weight yet
hanging round my neck, and bowing me
to the ground? I must perform my en-
gagement, and let the monster depart with
his mate, before I .allowed myself to enjoy
the delight of an union from which I ex-
pected peace.

  I remembered also the necessity im-
posed upon me of either journeying to
England, or entering into a long corre-
spondence with those philosophers of that
country, whose knowledge and discover-
ies were of indispensable use to me in my
present undertaking. The latter method
of obtaining the desired intelligence was
dilatory and unsatisfactory: besides, I had
an insurmountable aversion to the idea of
engaging myself in my loathsome task in
my father's house, while in habits of fa-
miliar intercourse with those I loved, I

knew that a thousand fearful accidents
might occur, the slightest of which would
disclose a tale to thrill all connected with
me with horror. I was aware also that I
should often lose all self-command, all
capacity of hiding the harrowing sensa-
tions that would possess me during the
progress of my unearthly occupation. I
must absent myself from all I loved while
thus employed. Once commenced, it
would quickly be achieved, and I might
be restored to my family in peace and
happiness. My promise fulfilled, the
monster would depart for ever. Or (so
my fond fancy imaged) some accident
might meanwhile occur to destroy him,
and put an end to my slavery for ever.

  These feelings dictated my answer to
my father. I expressed a wish to visit
England; but, concealing the true reasons
of this request, I clothed my desires under
a guise which excited no suspicion, while
I urged my desire with an earnestness that
easily induced my father to comply. After
so long a period of an absorbing melan-
choly, that resembled madness in its in-
tensity and effects, he was glad to find
that I was capable of taking pleasure in
the idea of such a journey, and he hoped
that change of scene and varied amuse-
ment would, before my return, have re-
stored me entirely to myself.

  The duration of my absence was left
to my own choice; a few months, or at
most a year, was the period contemplated.
One paternal kind precaution he had taken
to ensure my having a companion. With-
out previously communicating with me, he
had, in concert with Elizabeth, arranged
that Clerval should join me at Strasburgh.
This interfered with the solitude I coveted
for the prosecution of my task; yet at the
commencement of my journey the pres-
ence of my friend could in no way be «ts
impediment, and truly I rejoiced that tins
I should be saved many hours of locelg*
FRANKENSTEIN

425

maddening reflection. Nay, Henty might
stand between me and the intrusion of
my foe. If I were alone, would he not at
times force his abhorred presence on me,
to remind me of my task, or to contem-
plate its progress?

  To England, therefore, I was bound,
and it was understood that my union with
Elizabeth should take place immediately
on my return. My father’s age rendered
him extremely averse to delay. For my-
self, there was one reward I promised
myself from my detested toils—one con-
solation for my unparalleled sufferings; it
was (he prospect of that day when, en-
franchized from my miserable slavery, I
might claim Elizabeth, and forget the
past in my union with her.

  I now made arrangements for my jour-
ney; but one feeling haunted me, which
filled me with fear and agitation. During
my absence I should leave my friends un-
conscious of the existence of their enemy,
and unprotected from his attacks, exas-
perated as he might be by my departure.
But he had promised to follow me wher-
ever I might go; and would he not accom-
pany me to England? This imagination
was dreadful in itself, but soothing, inas-
much as it supposed the safety of my
friends. I was agonized with the idea of
the possibility that the reverse of this
might happen. But through the whole
period during which I was slave of my
creature, I allowed myself to be governed
by the impulses of the moment; and my
present sensations strongly intimated
that the fiend would follow me, and ex-
empt my family from the danger of his
machinations.

IT was in the latter end of September
that I again quitted my native country.
My journey had been my own suggestion,
and Elizabeth, therefore, acquiesced: but
she was filled with disquiet at the idea of

my suffering, away from her, the inroads
of misery and grief. It had been her
care which provided me a companion in
Clerval — and yet a man is blind to a
thousand minute circumstances, which call
forth a woman’s sedulous attention. She
longed to bid me hasten my return,—a
thousand conflicting emotions rendered
her mute as she bade me a tearful silent
farewell.

  I threw myself into the carriage that
was to convey me away, hardly knowing
whither I was going, and careless of what
was passing around. I remembered only,
and it was with a bitter anguish that I re-
flected on it, to order that my chemical in-
struments should be packed to go with me.
Filled with dreary imaginations, I passed
through many beautiful and majestic
scenes; but my eyes were fixed and unob-
serving. I could only think of the bourne
of my travels, and the work which was to
occupy me whilst they endured.

  After some days spent in listless indo-
lence, during which I traversed many
leagues, I arrived at Strasburgh, where I
waited two days for Clerval. He came.
Alas, how great was the contrast between
us! He was alive to every new scene;
joyful when he saw the beauties of the
setting sun, and more happy when he
beheld it rise, and recommence a new day.

  He pointed out to me the shifting col-
ors of the landscape, and the appearances
of the sky. "This is what it is to live,"
he cried, "now I enjoy existence! But
you, my dear Frankenstein, wherefore are
you desponding and sorrowful?”

  In truth, I was occupied by gloomy
thoughts, and neither saw the descent of
the evening star, nor the golden sunrise
reflected in the Rhine. And you, my
friend, would be far more amused with
the journal of Clerval, who observed the
scenery with an eye of feeling and delight,
(Please *urn to page 431)
SINCE we announced that we would not reprint Dracula, the readers of this mag-
azine who dislike serial reprints have centered their attacks upon Franken-
stein. We asked, you remember, whether you would like us to reprint some of
the lesser known weird novels, after Frankenstein is completed, as it will be in our
December issue. So far, those of you who do not want us to use any serial reprints
are in a majority, as shown by your letters.

     "There seems to be a considerable diversity of opinion as to what your policy
toward reprints should be,” writes Paul S. Smith, of Orange, New Jersey. "But there
is one fact that no one can deny—namely, that the back numbers of Weird Tales
constitute a veritable treasure house of fine weird stories; and I am sure that an over-
whelming majority of the readers would like to have the best of these stories reprinted
from time to time. When you reprint a story that is not from an old issue of your
magazine there is very often the probability that most of your readers are familiar
with it, because so many lovers of weird fiction have been reading this type of litera-
ture for years. Furthermore, most of these well-known weird stories by noted writ-
ers of the past are easily obtained from public libraries. Many readers, no doubt, have
some of them in their own book collections. These facts constitute a strong argu-
ment against reprinting well-known weird stories. If the stories are not well known,
the case is different; but such stories, though always welcome, are not always easy
to find.”

    "How about some goo«.! spooky ghost stories, and some witchcraft and black
magic tales?” queries Mrs. C. G. McDowell, of Santa Monica, California. "The
serial by Seabury Quinn is splendid—please give us more and more about Jules de
Grandin; also more creepy poetry with a swing like All Hallow’s E’en and Madman’s
Song—and shorts like Maurice Level’s Night and Silence.”

     Lion Penhall. Rees, of Toronto, writes to the Eyrie: "Why have serials? The
atmosphere of horror and weirdness can not be recaptured after a month elapses. In-
stead of publishing long stories, always available in book form, why not give us
lists—author, title, publisher, price, with a brief synopsis? Then we could buy these
books if we wished. It seems to be your fashion to pretend that no one can hope
to equal Poe, and very few can expect to compete with Lovecraft. Giving full credit
to both these fine writers, I claim that every issue contains at least one story as good
as their best, and often much better! These two men seem to be your idols, and you

(Please turn to page 428)

      42 6
AFCLING-
J^IYSTERY

  TORIES

GIVEN

FREE

THRILLING
DETECTIVE Tf VOU ACt Now!
ADVENTURES

HERE THEY ARE

  1.	The Valley of Missing Men—

Read how Parkinson discovered
this baffling mystery—a story pul-
sating with hair-raising incidents.

  2.	Buff—A cub reporter and a
death mystery — a story that
works up to a crashing climax.

  3.	The Triangle of Terror — A
gooseflesh story that will send
the cold Shivers up your spine.

  i. Crimson Poppies—Dr. Howes
evolves a fiendish plot to Inherit
the wealth of a lunatic million-

  5.	The Siga of the Toad — An

eerie detective story, full of ex-
citing situations and mysterious

deaths.

  6.	The Mystery at Eagle I^odge—

Soul-gripping, fascinating, tense,
full of action—You will move in
the land of make-believe with a
touch of the unreal.

  7.	The Web—This tale threads
the sinister net that was torn
asunder by the murder of James
Blake.

  8.	The Glass Eye—The convict
worked out a clever and dia-
bolical scheme, but a dead man’s
eye betrayed him.

  9.	Ten Dangerous Hours—Bris-
tling with excitement and full of
surprises — a remarkable story
with thrills galore.

 10.	Disappearing Ballets —
Crammed with blood-curdling ac-
tion and strange happenings in
the underworld — master-mind
crooks and criminals.

  11.	The Green-Eyed Monster—A
thrilling book, replete with star-
tling climaxes and bristling with
action.

  12.	Deering-Do — A vivid tale
of Chinamen, opium traffic, the
secret service. and desperate
fighting.

READ how Experience Smith, master detective, solved the
baffling mystery of "Disappearing Bullets"—a swifts action
' story with dramatic situations. Each one an exciting de-
tective story. These novels formerly sold for the regular price
of $1.00 per set. Now, for a limited time only, we are giving
them away absolutely free with a year’s subscription to
Oriental Stories, the latest magazine of thrilling mystery ad-
venture- stories.

 SPECIAL INTRODUCTORY OFFER

Oriental Stories is rapidly growing in circulation because of
its fascinating stories of the East. The Orient makes a roman-
tic appeai to the imagination that no other part of the world can
equal. The inscrutable mystery of Tibet, the veiled allure of
Oriental harems, the charge of fierce Arab tribesmen, the
singing of almond-eyed maidens under a. Japanese moon, the
whirling of dervishes, the barbaric splendor of mediaeval sul-
tans. the ageless; life of Egypt—from all these the story-writers
weave charms to shut out the humdrum world of everyday life.

f	e rea<*ei* into a fairyland of imagination, but

a fairyland that e*!sta la its fuIl reolity 5n Aala. S!moly ECnd

51.00, the regular yearly subscription price for
ORIENTAL STORIES, and the 18 Detective
Story Novels will be sent to you without cost.
A $2.00 value for $1.00. You receive the
magazine for one year and the novels free
of charge. The supply of novels is limited, to
hurry.

ORIENTAL STORIES

840 N. M'chigan Ave., Dept. A-IS, Chicago, m.

A-12,

840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, III.

  I enclose Sl.Ofr. Mend at once, postage prepaid, the 18 De-
tective Story Novela rdvertised, and enter my subscription
to ORIENTAL STORIES for one year to begin with the
current issue. It is understood tbis $l,0a is payment in lull.

 N’ame

 Address

City

State.
428

WEIRD TALES

(Continued from page 426)

expect us to bow down and worship! I am a free-thinker, and, wishing the best,
believing in acknowledging it when found.”

     Jack Darrow, of Chicago, writes to the Eyrie: "If you continue reprint serials,
please use only those stories that are out of print and those not available in the Eng-
lish language. The Devil’s Bride rose to a smashing conclusion in the great July issue
of Weird Tales. The African scene is the best in the entire story. I hope that the
story will be put in book form and in the films. The 'Phantom Hand by Victor Rous-
seau promises to be even better than The Devil’s Bride, if the first installment is a
sample of what is to come. The story starts right off without a whole lot of intro-
duction. Welcome back, Mr. Rousseau.”

    Writes Thomas de V. Harper from Marshfield, Oregon: "Just to introduce my-
self, would say that I have not missed a copy of Weird Tales since the very first
issue. I want to register my vote against serial reprints. My choice of the reprint
department would be one complete story each month, taken from one of the old
issues of Weird Tales. Stories such as Dracula, Frankenstein, The Wolf-Leader,
and the like are available to those that want them, while most of the outstanding sto-
ries which have been published in Weird Tales are not available anywhere else. I
agree with Guy Detrick, in the July Eyrie, that the fyle of writing of these older
authors is decidedly tiresome to present-day readers. Frankenstein may have been a
wonderful novel in its day, but it is to me one of the most tiresome things I have
ever tried to read. You might have turned that over to Seabury Quinn and had him
write it up to date and you would have had something worth while. Seabury Quinn
is the best writer on your staff. But—I made the suggestion once before—I would
like to see de Grandin fail once, actually miss altogether, and have Trowbridge
bring the case to a successful conclusion. I would like to see what de Grandin would
say to that. And for Pete’s sake, don’t adopt the trick of putting a group of silly
questions at the end of your serials, as you did this month at the end of The Phan-
tom Hand. End your serials with a simple, dignified "To be continued” and let it
go at that. I don’t have much use for serials anyway, and for my part would rather
there weren’t any in the magazine at all. I want to see some more stories of the inter-
stellar patrol by Edmond Hamilton. Some readers apparently do not like these,
but I think they are the best interplanetary stories I have read. They were action sto-
ries, and not burdened with alleged scientific descriptions of various sorts of ma-
chinery—they were written in a manner that implied that we knew all that stuff,
and got on to the action of the plot. I like ’em, and hope there will be some more.
I want to thank you for the many pleasant hours the magazine has brought me, and
to assure you that I hope to continue to read it for a long time to come.”

    A letter from Thomas C. Marks, of Jackson, Tennessee, says: "I have just com-
pleted Quinn’s novel, The Devil’s Bride, and think it by far the most marvelous story
ever published in your magazine. From beginning to end it held my attention as
no other story has ever done. I have been a regular reader of Weird Tales since
April, 1924. In fact, I still have that issue, and am saving it for Lovecraft’s poem,

(Please turn to page 430)
  Coming Next Month

IT IS hard to convey the full awfulness of that scene. In the first place, the room
was not dark; it was alight with an unearthly greenish glow which emanated
from the uncouth shape before me. No hue of heaven or hell was ever like that
oily, viscous mass of writhing vapor, dangling half-way between floor and ceiling,
above Vernon’s chair. No living thing born of woman was ever even remotely like
that hideous abhorrence. No stench from the foulest slaughter-house ever approached
that vile reek of living death and embryonic putrescence.

    The thing had no certain outlines, no definite form. It possessed no single
human characteristic—arms, legs, or face. It was a thousand times more horrible
than any twisted mockery of human life. It was like a monstrous malformed devil-
fish with bloated, swollen tentacles; and from the very center of its loathsome mass
came the sound of its breathing.

    Breathing, I call it! God, that sound! Like a gigantic slug the thing envel-
oped Vernon’s chair—and it was eating! I could hear the sucking of its unseen maw.

I	could hear its shapeless lips—if it had lips—drooling blood and tearing flesh. I
could hear the bones snapping, splintering, grinding.

     And then I saw! . . .

     What it was that Doctor Moller saw in that horrific instant, when physical dark-
ness rolled like a thick fog and wrapped an entire community in its folds, makes a
blood-freezing tale of gripping interest and fascination. It will be printed complete
in the October WEIRD TALES:

SPAWN OF INFERNO

By HUGH B. CAVE

—ALSO—

      THE HEART OF SIVA	THE DOGS OF DOCTOR DWANN

By Seabury Quinn	By Edmond Hamilton

A startling weird mystery tale of eery murders An eery, blood-chilling story of weird surgery
and the gruesome fate of the dancers in the Bal- and the things that ran in the night and howled
let Russe—a tale of Hindoo fanaticism.	through the forest in the Adirondack hills,

THE WAND OF DOOM
By Jack Williamson

                       Spiders, huge as horses and venomous as co-
                       bras, made Paul Telfair’s dreams hideous—and
                       then came the ghastly horror of reality when he
                       was no longer dreaming—a weird-scientific tale.

   DEMONS OF THE FILM COLONY	THE TESTAMENT OF ATHAMMAUS

By Theodore Le Berthon	By Clark Ashton Smith

A gigantic hoax was perpetrated on the author A horrific story of an incredible monster that
by “Dracula” Lugosi and "Frankenstein” Karloff, struck panic terror to the hearts of an entire
Aided and abetted by the photographer.	city—as told by the state executioner.

October WEIRD TALES Out September 1

                                                                                   429
430

WEIRD TALES

(Continued from page 428)

Nemesis. For nine years Weird Tales has been growing better and better. That is
something that few magazines can boast.”

    Writes Mrs. M. R. McCrorey, of Glendale, California: "I would like very mudi
to see some stories about witches and wizards in Weird Tales. Couldn’t you give
us a story about the witches of olden days, with their spells and familiars?”
[Weird Tales has from time to time published such stories in the past, and will
continue to do so in the future. Noteworthy among those we have already published
were the series of witchcraft stories by Seabury Quinn, and Paul Ernst’s story, A
Witch’s Curse.—The Editors.]

    “I am not a reader of long standing,” writes Fred C. Miles, of New Provi-
dence, New Jersey, "but I must cast my vote in the Dracula 'reprint’ discussion. Like
most of your other readers, I know this book almost by heart; therefore I am indeed
joyful to see your announcement in the July issue that you have decided to forego
its reprinting. The little fantastic verses which appear in the magazine are excep-
tionally good. The Little Gods Wait, in particular, was well written. Guess I’ll
look through the Coming Next Month announcement. Ah! what's this? A story by
Clark Ashton Smith? The Maker of Gargoyles—boy! that sounds interesting! Ah,
well, what has Mr. Smith written that isn’t interesting? He, undoubtedly (well, in
my opinion, anyway) is your best author. Seabury Quinn is excellent, but Smith is
super-excellent! I am thrilled indeed to see notice of a coming novel by Otis Adel-
bert Kline. May his stories never cease to appear! Clark Ashton Smith, Seabury
Quinn, and Otis A. Kline are a triumvirate who never fail to please.”

     Readers, we shall be glad if you will let us know what are your favorite stories
in this issue. The concluding installment of Seabury Quinn’s novel of devil-wor-
ship, The Devil's Bride, won first place in the July issue, with Robert E. Howard’s
eery story of Africa, Wings in the Night, in second place.

(!)■

(2)-

(3)-

My Favorite Stories in the September Weird Tales Are:

* Story	Remarks

                           I	do not like the following stories:
(1)____________________________ Why?________

(2)------------T-----------------------------------------

It will help us to know what kind of stories	1	_ , . , .,

           . , _ , ...	I	Readers name and address:

you want m weird Tales if you will	j

fill out this coupon and mail it to The	j----------------------------------

Eyrie, Weird Tales, 840 N. Michigan Ave.,	J______ ______________

Chicago, 111.
WEIRD

Frankenstein

     (Continued from page 425)
than in listening to my reflections. I, a
miserable wretch, haunted by a curse that
shut up every avenue to enjoyment.

  We had agreed to descend the Rhine
in a boat from Strasburgh to Rotterdam,
whence we might take shipping for Lon-
don. During this voyage, we passed
many willowy islands, and saw several
beautiful towns. We stayed a day at
Mannheim,-and, on the fifth from our
departure from Strasburgh, arrived at Ma-
yence. The course of the Rhine below
Mayence becomes much more pictur-
esque. The river descends rapidly, and
winds between hills, not high, but steep,
and of beautiful forms. This part of the
Rhine, indeed, presents a singularly varie-
gated landscape. In one spot you view
rugged hills, ruined castles overlooking
tremendous precipices, with the dark Rhine
rushing beneath; and, on the sudden turn
of a promontory, flourishing vineyards,
with green sloping banks, and a mean-
dering river, and populous towns occupy
the scene.

  We traveled at the time of the vintage,
and heard the song of the laborers, as we
glided down the stream. Even I, de-
pressed in mind, and my spirits contin-
ually agitated by gloomy feelings, even I
was pleased. I lay at die bottom of the
boat, and, as I gazed on the cloudless blue
sky, I seemed to drink in a tranquillity to
which I had long been a stranger. And if
these were my sensations, who can de-
scribe those of Henry? He felt as if he
had been transported to fairyland, and
enjoyed a happiness seldom tasted by man.

TALES

43D

Stopped

 His Whiskey

Drinking

The Happy Reunion

Try It FREE

  Wives, mothers,
  sisters, it is you
  that the man who
  drinks Whiskey,
  Wine or Beer to ex-
  cess must depend
  upon to help save
  him from a ruined
  life and a drunk-
  nrd’s grave. Take

 eed from the

  thousands of men going to ruin daily through
  vile bootlegger’s Whiskey, and the horrible stuff
  called home brew from private -stills. Once he

  §ets it in his system he finds it difficult to stop—
  ut you can help him. What it has done for
  others is an example of what it should do for
  you. All you have to do is to send your name
  and address and we vill send absolutely FREE,
  in plain wrapper, a trial package of GOLDEN
  TREATMENT. You will be thankful as long
  as you live that you did it. Address
  DR. J. W. HAINES CO.

914 Glenn Building	Cincinnati, Ohio

mnr

   Record less of size or streneth, defend your-
   self andfriendsauainst any foul attack. fr<K
   bullies, or by gun. knife or club. 8ubduo with I
   ease persons much stronger than yourself. A c
   ulete course on approved American Police
   Jitsu bv internationally known police instructor.

   151 illustrations with detailed instructions, poc-
   ket size. 13 knockout blows without using fists.

   Send One Dollar. Full price, or C.O.D.

 3. J. JORGENSEN
 1900 Lloyd Building Seattle. Washington

“back issues
• •

  For complete list of prices write to Weird Tales,

  840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, 111.

Do You Read the Companion Magazine
to WEIRD TALES?

We know you will be enthusiastic over

ORIENTAL STORIES

BUY A COPY TODAY!

PSYCHO

'mm

N eWTI

OYNAMIC FORCE

RAOIO-ENEftGIZE
YOUR ClFE 8i

 Learn secret power for gaining.riefiesj

 iiscoveryx btartnngl ____.....____...	... ................. ....

 agio charm, friends, success! It may change your life! ■

                 "Doing nicely in heart affairs and business. "(Chul-
                                      (Detroit.)' * H " *

Helped me enter literary field.** (Waco. Tex.l
WONDER PDUr Entitled. “AN
BOOKLET ESUSsKi |t wil| astound :

. A MAI____________.

___________________________i you! 8end for It. It1* FREEI

SUCCESS INSTITUTE. 618 South Western; Rm. 139 Los Angeles
432

WEIRD TALES

NEXT MONTH

Hie Heart of
Siva

By SEABURY QUINN

A startling weird mystery tale,
packed with thrills and chills—
about the eery murders that horrified a
Russian ballet troupe—the terrible fate
of two beautiful dancers who imper-
sonated the Hindoo god Siva, with his
many arms—a fast-moving story of re-
ligious fanaticism and blood-expiation.

Through this maze of mystery and
horror, gathering the loose threads
of the tragedy and untangling the in-
volved clues, shines the scintillant per-
sonality of that most fascinating detec-
tive of all detective fiction—the mer-
curial little French physician and scien-
tist, Jules de Grandin. This novelette
will be printed complete

in the October issue of

WEIRD TALES

on sale September 1st

To avoid missing your copy, clip and mail this
coupon today for SPECIAL SUBSCRIPTION
OFFER.

WEIRD TALKS
£40 N. Michigan Aye.,

Jhicago, HI.

Enclosed find $1.00 for which send me the next
five issues of WEIRD TALES to begin with the
October issue ($1.75 in Canada). Spec!: 1 offer void
unless remittance is accompanied by coupon.

Name.

Ofttjr-------State.

   "I have seen,” he said, "the most beau-
tiful scenes of my own country; I have
visited the lakes of Lucerne and Uri,
where the snowy mountains descend al-
most perpendicularly to the water, casting
black and impenetrable shades, which
would cause a gloomy and mournful ap-
pearance, were it not for the most verdant
islands that relieve the eye by their gay
appearance; I have seen this lake agitated
by a tempest, when the wind tore up
whirlwinds of water, and gave you an
idea of what the waterspout must be on
the great ocean; and the waves dash with
fury the base of the mountain, where the
priest and his mistress were overwhelmed
by an avalanche, and where their dying
voices are still said to be heard amid the
pauses of the nightly wind; I have seen
the mountains of La Valais, and the Pays
de Vaud: but this country, Victor, pleases
me more than all those wonders.”

  Beyond Cologne we descended to the
plains of Holland; and we resolved to post
the remainder of our way; for the wind
was contrary, and the stream of the river
was too gentle to aid us.

   Our journey here lost the interest aris-
ing from beautiful scenery; but we arrived
in a few days at Rotterdam, whence we
proceeded by sea to England. It was on
a clear morning, in the latter days of De-
cember, that I first saw the white cliffs of
Britain. The banks of the Thames pre-
sented a new scene; they were flat, but
fertile, and almost every town was marked
by the remembrance of some story. We
saw Tilbury Fort, and remembered the
Spanish armada; Gravesend, Woolwich,
and Greenwich, places which I had heard
of even in my country.

  At length we saw the numerous stee-
ples of London, St. Paul’s towering above
all, and the Tower famed in English
tory.

(To be continued next montSf{

                       W. T.—ft
The
Dragoman’s
Confession

By

OTIS ADELBERT KLINE

HEN Lo Foo danced.

Never before had I seen her so beautiful, so radiant, or so madly alluring. The key
color of the ensemble she had chosen for that dance was red, the color of love. Her
skirt was a tenuous, diaphanous material of a shade that matched the red of her lips, and was
suspended on a girdle of cloth of gold, studded with rubies. Her breast shields were blood-
ied coral beads, woven on golden threads, and her anklets and armlets were gold, decked with
figures of red lacquer.

    The dance was one of passionate love-—of wooing and of mating. Never had she danced
thus before me, and never had I been so powerfully affected. The throbbing music, the
rhythmic swaying of her slim, young body, and the matchless perfection of her face and figure,
held me enthralled.

     Suddenly I realized that the dance was over. The music had ceased, and the little dancer
had flung herself down before me. I caught her up, and she nestled in my arms like a tired
child. But her eyes were the eyes of a woman, and they were starry with a light which a man,
though he see it but once, may never mistake. The fragrance of her breath intoxicated me like
heady wine. Unmindful of the slave-girls and the eunuch, I claimed the sweetness of her lips.
Her arms stole about my neck, and clung. Still holding her in my arms, I stood up, and
carrying her into our room, gently lowered her to the diivan.

    Behind me, Musa, the eunuch, closed the door. . . .

    Here is a fascinating story that takes you into the harem of an oriental potentate. You
can always be sure of thrilling and glamorous entertainment from the inspired pen of Mr.
Kline. This action-adventure novelette of Hamed the Dragoman and his love for a beautiful
Chinese princess is printed complete in the current issue of ORIENTAL STORIES. You can
not afford to miss this remarkable tale.

rienial

JTORIET

Entertainment of a quality not found outside

THE ARABIAN NIGHTS

If your magazine dealer is sold out mail 25c to the Publishers at 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, 111.
A Ghostly Voice from the Ether

Threatened the Lives
of all Mankind

     The first warning of the stupen-
     dous cataclysm that befell the
     earth in the fourth decade of the
     Twentieth Century was recorded
     simultaneously in several parts of
     America. At twelve minutes past 3
     o’clock a. m., during a lull in the
     night’s aerial business, several of
     the larger stations of the Western
     hemisphere began picking up
     strange signals out of the ether.
     They were faint and ghostly, as if
     coming from a vast distance. As
     far as anyone could learn, the sig-
     nals originated nowhere upon the
     earth. It was as if some phantom
     were whispering through the ether
     in the language of another planet.

Who Was This Dictator of Destiny?

You will want to know the answer to this
question. Read "The Moon Terror,” the
most enthralling fantastic-mystery story of the
age. And you can get this splendid book
FREE.

Special Offer

   For a limited time only, we offer this book
to you without cost, with each subscription
to WEIRD TALES for six months. Sim-
ply send $1.50, the regular six months’
subscription price for WEIRD TALES,
and this book is yours v/ithout further
cost. You receive the magazine for six

months and this book is sent to you free
of charge.

Limited Supply

 This offer may be withdrawn at any time,
 so we advise you to order now. Remember,
 the supply of hooks is limited. Send today!

WEIRD TALES

840 N. Michigan Ave., Dept. S-21. Chicago, I1J.

 WEIRD TALES, Dept. S-21,

 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, 111.

 I enclose $1.50. Send at once, postage prepaid,
 the book "The Moon Terror,” and enter my sub-
 scription to WEIRD TALES for six months to
 begin with the October issue. It is understood this
 $1.50 is payment in full.

 Name.

 j Address-
 | City-----