HANDICAPS

6u

Thomson Burtis

Published Twice
a Month
                                            Women like it

                                                                       A great shampoo, they
                                                                       find. Men of course say
                                                                       nothing equals it in the
                                                                       shaving cream field.

                              LISTERINE

                                            SHAVING CREAM

Keeping hair free from Dandruff

THIS matter of kccpini! hair free from dandruff
is neither the lomplicated nor expensive one
that most women consider it. I'snail v the trick
can be done bv regular shampooing and the system-
atic use of Listerine, the safe and soothing anti-
septic.

  At the first sign of dandruff, vou simply douse
Listerine on the scalp full strength, and with the
fingers, massage the scalp vigorously forward and
backward, then up and down. Keep it up system-
atically.

  In a surprisingly short time vou will be de-
lighted with results. We have hundreds of un-
solicited letters testifying to the success of Listerine
in checking dandruff.

  You can understand Listerine’s success when
you realize that dandruff is a germ disease, and
that full strength Listerine, while safe in action

and healing in effect, possesses at the same time,
great germicidal power.

Even such stubborn germs as the B. Typhosus
(tvphoid) and M. Aureus (pus) are destroyed by it
in IS seconds—200,000,000 of them in each test.
A strong statement this—and we could not make
it unless we were prepared to prove it to the >.atis-
faction of both the L\ S. Government and the
medical profession.

Remember that dandruff yields to antiseptic
treatment and massage, and use I.i-eerine regu-
larly. Lambert I’harmacal Company, St. Loiiis
Mo., U.S. A.

LISTERINE

THE SAFE ASD SOOTHISG ASTISEPTIC

kilb 200,000,000 germs in 15 seconds
Vol. LXX No. 3	EDITOR

The Spy Trap........Ared White                                     z 
A Novel of the Exploits of the Army Intelligence                     
Fist And Boot........                       James Stevens         46 
A Story of the Douglas Fir Country                                   
The Deserted Gold Camp .                    Courtney McCurdy      >5 
A Poem                                                               
The Last Of The ’Horns.....                 Bill Adams          56   
A Story of the Sea Lanes in Wartime                                  
Most Efficient Cowboy.....                  Stephen Payne        72- 
A Story of ihe West                                                  
The Tao..........                           C. A. Freeman         83 
Deadline At Dawn.......                     Henry LaCossitt       84 
A Novelette of the Press and the Underworld                          
Pursuit..........                           Andrew A. Caffrey    IQf 
A Story of the Air                                                   
The Four Horsemen......                     Harry G. Huse        IZO 
A Humorous Tale of Hollywood                                         
A1 Lateef The Clever One .                  George E. Holt           
A Story of Morocco                                                   
A Ram In The Thicket.....                   Arthur Woodward      140 
A Valor Ruined Man......                    Norman Reilly Raine  14Z 
A Story of the World War                                             
Handicaps......... Thomson Burtis                               I52- 
Part One of a Serial of the Kentucky Racetracks                      
The Camp-Fire 181 Ask Adventure 186 Trail Ahead 191
 Cover Design by F. H. Harbaugh	Headings by Clarence Rowe

    Published twice a month by The Butterick Publishing Company, 'Butterick Building, New York, N. Y., U. S. A. Joseph A.
    Moore, Chairman of the Board; S. R. Latshaw, President; Levin Rank, Secretary and Treasurer; Anthony M. Rud, Editor. Entered as
    Second Class Matter, October i, 1910, at the Post Office at New York, 2^. Y., under the Act of March 3, 1879. Additional entry at
    Chicago, Illinois. Yearly subscription $4.00 in advance. Single copy, Twenty'five Cents, in Canada Thirty Cents. Foreign
    postage, $a.co additional. Canadian postage, 75 cents. Trade Mark Registered: Copyright, 1928, by The Butterick Publishing s

                                        Company in the United States and Great Britain.

1
Are you intrigued by codes and
ciphers? Then you’ll be sure to
enjoy this exciting complete novel
of the Army Intelligence Service.

Tk Spy Trap

By ARED WHITE

CHAPTER I

A DEAD ONE LAUGHS

CAPTAIN FOX ELTON sat
listening with polite interest to
the amazing conversation be-
tween the chiefs of the Ameri-
can and French espionage services. If the
black picture drawn by the Frenchman
stirred him with uneasy foreboding, there
was no hint of any such emotion in his
clear bjjft eyes and serenel^fc^m features,

with
jrds.
nsieur

le Colonel Ourq!” the American G-2 colo-
nel broke in sharply.

  He shifted uncomfortably in his new
swivel chair and his ponderous red face
registered an irritated perplexity, as one
whose credence is being imposed upon.

  “One moment you tell me that the
Baron Erich Wolf Von Strindheim has
been put to the guillotine and in the next
breath you say it must be he who is oper-
ating the spy nest at Paris.”

  “But yes, my Colonel,” exclaimed the
Frenchman earnestly. “I will risk my
name that it is none other than the Baron
Erich Wolf Von Strindheim himself.”
  “You mean the guillotine wasn’t sharp
—or just how do you get him back on
earth after chopping off his head?”
Colonel Rand’s voice was peremptory.

  The Frenchman shrugged his shoulders
and spread his hands in a gesture of help-
lessness.

  “How can I say, my Colonel?” he re-
plied. “We kill Von Strindheim. Identi-
fication is perfect—the evidence most
complete. One week, maybe two, and
voila—the baron is back again.”

  “Then I take it you killed the wrong
man. Is that the idea, monsieur?”

  “That, my Colonel, is the deep mys-

tery,” said Colonel Ourq desperately.

  “The evidence of the baron’s death is
not to be disputed. We have investi-
gated every possible ruse, every trick—
and always we come back to the same
conclusion: Von Strindheim is dead.
For years the baron was under the surveil-
lance of our secret police in Paris—yes, for
seven years before the war. I myself
knew him as I know you. Not until six
weeks ago were we able to trap him for
what he was, the most dangerous man in
all the German spy system in F-tance. I
myself, with my own eyes, saw his head
drop under the guillotine, my Colonel.
4

ARED WHITE

And yet will I vow that Baron Erich Wolf
Von Strindheim lives at this moment.”

  Colonel Rand got up to pace the floor
of the spacious intelligence office at
American headquarters. I^is face was
deeply lined; mingled perplexity and
irritation. At the end of several moments
of strained silence he halted directly in
front of the French officer and shot
another query at him.

  “But couldn’t the baron, with all his
gifts, have trained some one else to his
methods, some one to carry on his work
here in Paris after he had become a—a
casualty, so to speak?”

  Colonel Ourq responded with the in-
evitable shrug of negation.

 “But no. Never!” he exclaimed;
adding fervently, “Is it not so of all the
great geniuses—that they trained many,
and yet no one who could approach their
own power? The baron is a genius, my
Colonel, an evil genius with the mind of
the devil and the sly cunning of a thou-
sand devils. In some strange way Von
Strindheim has survived his own" death.
Yes, my Colonel, I see what is in your
mind. My most brilliant operatives
touch a finger to their brows—thus—and
smile insinuatingly at me when my back
is turned, yet it does not weaken my
certainty that the baron works in Paris
today.”

  “No doubt,” said Colonel Rand, un-
convinced. “No doubt you have your
reasons, but it does stump me to know
just where to begin cooperating with you,
in view of the unusual French official
attitude that the man is dead, and your
own insistence that he is alive. Certainly
it would help us if you would reconcile
the conflict of opinion by giving us your
theories in detail.”

  “There are many theories one might
arrive at,” responded the French officer.
“But—mon dieu—how am I to reconcile
them? On one hand, as I have told you,
I saw Baron Erich executed. On the
other, his evil genius continues to mock
us. Things happen that reveal to me
the baron’s incomparable technique, the
devilish power of intrigue and evasion

that no other man could possess so fully—
no more than the matchless Napoleon
could have had an understudy of power
equal to his own!”

  “Have you any concrete evidence of
the baron’s existence, monsieur?” Colonel
Rand persisted, in his unwillingness to
countenance so grotesque a theory even
from as clever a man as Colonel Ourq.

  The French officer hesitated a mo-
ment, then drew from the inner pocket
of his tunic a thin leather folder. From
the folder he took a small green tinted
envelope and handed it, with reluctance,
to the American.

  “There is this, which I will permit you
to see, although it is, as you will be able
to appreciate, very embarrassing to me,”
said the Frenchman.

  Colonel Rand opened the envelope and
drew forth a sheet of fine linen paper upon
which was written the name—M. le
Colonel Ourq—in French letters whose
shaping disclosed a German hand. Under
the address was an endless array of
figures, of which Rand was able to make
nothing.

  “Code?” he inquired.

  “Yes, cipher. Von Strindheim’s old
favorite cipher, the one he used until we
broke it down finally, since when to
the best of our knowledge, he has used
none.”

  “Here, Elton,” said Rand, turning to
his assistant. “You are the code expert
of our official family. What do you make
of this?”

CAPTAIN ELTON took the
missive and scrutinized it care-
fully, comparing the groupings
and arrangement of numerals
with German cipher messages he had
broken down in the past. He con-
centrated upon the first grouping which
read:

22 11—26 25—11—37—17—21—22—27—17
11—36 44—31—37

  It required only a few moments of
study to convince the young officer that
while undoubtedly it was a form of
THE SPY TRAP

5

alphabetical cipher, hours, even days of
patient labor would be required before
he could reduce the message to French.
He handed the sheet of paper back to
Colonel Rand with a terse statement to
that effect.

  “But it reduces into English,” said the
Frenchman. “That was Von Strind-
heim’s favorite prank, one that foiled our
best experts for months. Here, my Colo-
nel, I will give you the key and you shall
read it for yourself.”

  Colonel Ourq seated himself at Rand’s
desk and quickly but painstakingly wrote
out the key, handing it to the American.
It read:

1 2 3 4 5 6 7

1.	ABCDEFG

2.	HI J KLMN

3.	OPQ RS TU

     4.	V W X Y Z

  “You see, messieurs,” Colonel Ourq
explained, “Baron Erich Wolf Von Strind-
heim used a sort of plotting, or map co-
ordinating system. Take the first figure
in his message—22. The first numeral
identifies the column from top to bottom
in the alphabet. Thus the numeral 2
indicates that the letter is in the second
row. The second numeral refers to the
position of the letter from left to right.
Thus the second 2 would place the letter
intended definitely as I. It is the same
as plotting with map coordinates and
equally simple. At the point in the table
where the numbers meet, there is your
letter. It took us many weary weeks of
effort to break the cipher down—largely
because it reduces into English. But with
the key I have given you, my Colonel,
any one may read it in a moment.”

  Colonel Rand, instead of turning the
cipher over to his expert operative, tried his
own skill upon it with the key before him.
The mystic symbols yielded promptly
to intelligible words. He took a pencil
and wrote-it out, slowly at first, then with
easy rapidity.

  22 (I) 11—26 (am)

25—11—37—17—21—22—27—17 (laughing)

  11—36 (at) 44—31—37 (you)

  When he had completed the whole mes-
sage, there lay before him this taunting
message:

    I am laughing at you. The German Hauss-
  man you sent has met his just reward. Soon
  our Imperial Aftny shall invest Paris and I ex-
  pect the honor of your presence at dinner at the
  Hotel Crillon. With assurances of my pro-
  found amusement, I beg to remain,

                      -VON STRINDHEIM

  “My associates in the second bureau—”
The Frenchman hastened to explain, the
color suffusing his cheeks as he observed
Colonel Rand had read the message—
“all of them insist that it is nothing more
than a very clever forgery by a German
operative who has taken the baron’s place.
Very naturally they ask, as you have
asked, how could Von Strindheim write
this when he is dead? But even they were
at a loss for words, my Colonel, when the
most celebrated of our experts in hand-
writing pronounced the figures and the
signature in the handwriting of the baron
himself. You see, we had many estab-
lished specimens of his craft for purposes
of comparison.”

 Colonel Rand rubbed his wrinkled
brow vigorously.

  “You know how fond these Prussians
are of grotesque tricks?” he protested
stoutly. “So if it is really Von Strind-
heim’s hand and not a forgery, isn’t it
more rational, Colonel, to conclude that
the baron wrote it for use in event he
became a casualty, so to speak? An ante-
mortem trick—to muddy the water in
favor of his fellow operatives after his
own death?”

  “Ah, but that very point was brought
up, my Colonel, and as quickly settled.
For a dozen experts testified that the ink
was not more than a few hours upon the
paper when it reached me through the
mails. And that was a fortnight ago—a
full ten days after the baron’s supposed
demise, of which I was an official witness.”
“What is the reference to the German,
Haussman, in the message?” inquired
Rand. “Does that have any-special
significance?”

  “Mon dieu, my Colonel! That is the
6

ARED WHITE

terrible part of it'all! For months we
plan it. Haussman, the German opera-
tive—a clever rogue to whom we made
the first quarter of a payment of one mil-
lion francs—one million francs to deliver to
us the information that would uncover the
Prussian spy nest in Paris. Fifty lives—
fifty of our own best operatives gone—
dead—no one knows how or where. My
Colonel, they disappear forever, once
they take up this deadly scent on the
trail of Von Strindheim in Paris. A
million francs was little enough to pay
the traitor Haussman if he could reveal
their stronghold. But in spite of our
own careful training, our thorough
secrecy and Haussman’s own well
known cleverness, you have read your-
self what happened to him. Even with-
out the evidence of Von Strindheim’s
signature, I should have recognized this
as his work, for there is none other en-
dowed with the devilish power to look
into men’s minds and read their innermost
souls as he must have read Haussman’s.”

  The American colonel resumed his rest-
less pacing of the floor, the while he rubbed
his forehead as if to induce a greater in-
tensity of thought while he sought to re-
duce the Frenchman’s remarkable state-
ments to some logical and coherent basis.
One thing was certain—a baffling German
spy center operated in Paris in defiance
of the best French efforts. Another thing
was equally certain—the German oper-
atives were furnishing the German im-
perial general staff with detailed informa-
tion of everything of military value that
occurred in France. That was disclosed
by the messages which the astute Elton
had deciphered a few days before when
he unearthed a German message center
within the American fighting lines, in the
Vosges Mountains.

  On the basis of Elton’s achievements,
the idea of having him work with the
French in Paris had been evolved—and
eagerly seized upon by the French espi-
onage bureau. If Elton had ferreted out
the transmission station in the red Vosges,
it was not incredible that he might be able
to pit his mind against the master spies

in the French capital. But the French
espionage chieftain’s insistence that Von
Strindheim was the man to be sought did
not, as Colonel Rand saw it, put his star
assistant upon a tangible or hopeful trail.
Better that Elton bend his efforts in other
directions than chase a will-o’-the-wisp
of French imagination, imagination possi-
bly warped by the stress of years of war.

  Colonel Rand finally turned to Elton.

  “What do you make of it all?” he in-
quired. “So far you’ve had a listening
role, but since you are the one chiefly
concerned, after all, I’d like to have the
benefit of your opinion, if you have any.”

  “My experience as a Government oper-
ative at home has taught me that any-
thing is possible,” Elton said thoughtfully.
“Even though a man has been executed it
is conceivable that in some miraculous
way he escaped death, or another was
executed in his place. But, assuming
that Baron Erich Wolf Von Strindheim is
alive, by some miracle, I can’t fathom
why he would want to advertise his pres-
ence on earth. Can’t you see how tre-
mendously it would be to his advantage
to have the Allies think him dead?”

  “That’s something to explain,” said
Colonel Rand, turning sharply to the
French officer. “The man you’ve pic-
tured to us, Colonel, certainly would have
brains enough to make very good use of
such an advantage as being thought
dead.”

  Colonel Ourq forgot his politeness long
enough to laugh derisively.

  “Ah, but you do not reckon with the ar-
rogant vanity of Von Strindheim,” he
cried. “The baron’s vanity is his great
weakness. His boastfulness is without
limit. Once he wrote to me boasting that
he had dined the night before in my own
home. And—diable!—I found the stub of
his monogrammed cigaret in my ash tray.
Another time he warned me that he would
visit the Opera Comique on a certain
evening. Still another time-i—but he is
forever boasting. Von Strindheim, my
Colonel, would rather die than be thought
dead. The chase would lose its zest for
him. He seems to like to think of himself
THE SPY TRAP

7

as a master craftsman, giving what you
call the handicap to us who try to trap
him. I have even, messieurs, found the
cigaret stub of Von Strindheim on the
floor of my own office, a cigaret with a
coronet of gold over the initials, ‘VS’.”

©THE AMERICAN espionage
colonel studied his watch with-
out replying. It was well past
midnight. Since early fore-
noon they had been closeted with Colonel
Ourq, going over the baffling enigma of
the Prussian spy center in Paris. Pal-
pably they were at an impasse on the
subject of Von Strindheim. And Colonel
Rand felt himself at the end of his pa-
tience, as well as his endurance, for the
time being. He cleared his face of its
skeptical scowl and spoke with studied
politeness, the politeness demanded by
official relations.

  “We are indebted to you, Monsieur le
Colonel Ourq,” he announced. “The
hour is very late and I fear we have
drawn upon your energies quite enough
for one day. Permit us to think upon
what you have said, to examine the facts
you have been kind enough to give us—
and tomorrow we will meet with you
again to give you our answer—say at the
hour of noon.”

  “As you will, messieurs,” replied Colo-
nel Ourq. He rose and bowed gravely.
“My services are at your disposal tomor-
row, or for so long as you may desire. Un-
til twelve of the clock tomorrow, adieu.”
When the French officer had bowed
himself out, Colonel Rand turned to Elton
and shook his head.

  “Putting aside our friend’s slightly
shell shocked notions about Von Strind-
heim, it is clear enough that the Boche
spy nest in Paris is pretty solidly en-
trenched,” he said gloomily. “Whoever
it is that’s running the thing, he must be
pretty well equipped with brains, don’t
you say?”

  “Decidedly,” Elton responded. “But
frankly I am not so skeptical of Von
Strindheim’s existence as you appear to
be, sir.”	i

  “You mean you accept that story of
the baron’s coming back to life, Elton?”
Colonel Rand said.

  “I wouldn’t go so far as that. But
there’s some doubt, after hearing the
whole story, (about who it was the French
executed. Yes, even in the face of their
official witnesses who saw the execution,
there may have been a mistake.”

  “But, Elton, it’s fatal to start into this
thing on a false assumption. Sticking
your head into a spy nest looking for a
man who, according to all rational ac-
counts, is dead—it doesn’t sound very
promising to me.”

  “That would be safer than ignoring a
clever rascal as dead when he was really
alive. Besides, that isn’t the most vital
part of it, for that matter. We’ve got to
consider every angle. But there’s one
thing, sir, that must not be lost sight of
at any time. It’s no ordinary mortal we
have to deal with, in any event.”

  Colonel Rand shook himself and sup-
pressed a yawn.

  “Well, let’s sleep on it,” he said with
finality. “You go over the case in detail
in the morning and let me know what you
think after a night’s sleep. If fifty French
operatives have disappeared to date, I’m
not in any hurry to have our own most
valuable operative gobbled up in the
black void of underground Paris. Al-
though—if we thought there was a chance
of getting anywhere—it’s worth any risk
to stop those Boche espions from tip-
ping everything to the German army in
advance.”

  “Very good, sir,” said Elton noncha-
lantly. “I’ll go over everything Ourq told
us and see what the situation looks like
after a detailed analysis. Good night,
sir.”

CHAPTER II

THE FIRST STEPS

INSTEAD of going to his quarters for
sleep upon leaving the American
espionage chief, Captain Elton walked
down the long dark corridor of the stone
headquarters building and entered his
8

ARED WHITE

own cheerless cubbyhole of an office. The
room, once the quarters of an important
French sous-officier when the place was
part of a French regimental garrison,
grudgingly yielded room for Elton’s broad
desk and the jumbled piles ©f books which
he used in his specialty of reducing Ger-
man cipher and code messages into plain
English.

  There was no thought of sleep. Never
in his career as a Department of Justice
operative, before he was loaned to the
Army for use in the war, had Elton faced
a case that presented so many difficult
aspects at the outset, such danger. Cer-
tainly, ordinary methods would not apply
in a case where more than two-score French
operatives had vanished. If he could
hope to succeed where they had failed,
it would mean the most painstaking prep-
aration of his work, and the cleverest use
of his resources and wits once he had
taken up the trail. Even then it might
be little better than an impudent gamble
with death.

  Elton turned first to the two photo-
graphs which the French colonel had
furnished him of the elusive and mysteri-
ous Baron Erich Wolf Von Strindheim. It
was this amazing personality who quick-
ened his interest. The man who had
baffled the whole of the French secret
service, who had played hide-and-seek
with his life with a recklessness that had
astounded his pursuers. First of all must
be settled the question of whether Von
Strindheim really lived, or was repre-
sented by an exceptionally gifted disciple
of Von Strindheim’s own training.

 The first of the two photographs
showed the baron as a young officer in the
uniform of a Prussian grenadier regiment.
It dated back no less than a dozen years,
long before Von Strindheim came to
France, perhaps even before he had em-
barked upon his career in the secret ser-
vice. Elton sat looking at it intently for
many minutes, not without a certain ad-
miration for the cold, arrogant features
that revealed something of the agile, re-
sourceful mind of the man.

 The Von Strindheim eyes and mouth

were the two outstanding features in the
fellow’s remarkable face. Elton could
see, even from an uncolored photograph
of ancient vintage, that the eyes were a
peculiar translucent gray that laughed in
a cold, mocking sort of way. The lips
were thin and straight, except at the ends
where they curled sharply downward into
the hint of a sneer. His face was full
without being fat, finely molded, with
an aquiline nose that just escaped being
hawk-like. His brow and hair were
covered by his military cap, set at a
rakish angle, so that the vizor dipped
close above his left eye and concealed
his hair. Such of the physique as was
shown by the picture was that of a rather
slight, well knit man, square- shouldered
and stiffly erect.

  An older man was revealed by the
second photograph. It was a French
official photograph taken at Le Bourget
just before the victim’s head fell under
the blade of a military guillotine. Elton
reckoned that Von Strindheim must have
been twenty-five when he posed for the
first camera. The later French photo
was that of a man in his middle thirties.
These years had only slightly changed the
Von Strindheim features. The eyes were
colder and harder, and had lost the in-
sulting amusement with which they once
had looked out upon the world. Natural
enough, in view of the fact that the man
awaited the guillotine. The line of the
mouth was thinner and firmer and the
curve at the ends drawn more sharply.
Under a powerful glass Elton noted, too,
that the second Von Strindheim picture
lacked the fire and mental elan of the
first; there was something about it that
suggested a lesser personage than that
revealed by the first. Years of peril, and
imminence of death, might fully account
for that.

  When at last he had completed his
scrutiny of the two photographs of Von
Strindheim, Elton settled back in his chair
and fixed his mind intentjv upon the de-
tailed disclosures made by the French
colonel. Hours of thoughtful comparison
and analysis of every pertinent fact and
THE SPY TRAP

9

theory that Colonel Ourq had advanced
during the day shed no new light upon
the grim facts of German spy operations
in Paris. Nor was there anything to be
found in the Frenchman’s grim outline of
the situation that offered encouragement
to the boldest and most resourceful
American operative.

THERE was really no length
to which the French military
authorities had not gone. At
five successive places they had
located the secret lair in Paris—and each
time had seized the place with an armed
poilu platoon after disguised operatives
failed to return. Each time the French
moved in with force, it was to find them-
selves holding the empty bag. The Ger-
mans had simply moved on, leaving an
empty trail behind them. It was clear
that in the years before the war they had
planned with infinite pains for just such
contingencies. When smoked out it was
simply a matter of moving on to another
prepared position, much as a front line
battalion retires into successive lines of
trenches and strongholds in the face of
irresistible battle pressure.

  Only by the sheerest good fortune had
Colonel Ourq’s operatives picked up the
trail again, following the arrest and execu-
tion of Von Strindheim and the smashing
of a rendezvous in the Rue Pigalle. Two
French operatives had trailed a suspect
to a medieval stone building on the Rue
Chambron, a week before. One of them
had followed the fellow into the dilapi-
dated cafe on the ground floor of the build-
ing. When, three hours later, he had not
emerged, his associate sounded the alarm.
The French espionage chief himself pre-
vented an armed rush upon the building.
Each time that he had smothered a nest
with force, it had taken weeks, months of
effort to get track of the new rendezvous.
So he decided to approach the problem
more circumspectly. In order to allay
possible suspicion, he caused a desul-
tory search to be made of the entire
neighborhood and then left the sus-
pected nest in peace, intent upon devis-

ing some more subtle means of approach.

  First, M. le colonel spent a week in dis-
creet investigation of the past and present
history of the building under suspicion.
This yielded nothing. The place was the
undisputed ancestral property of an
officer of the French army, now with his
regiment at the Front. The upper floors
were used as a cheap lodging for river
workers along the nearby River Seine.
The ground floor was occupied by a small
French cafe of the cheapest and shabbiest
class. The Frenchman who conducted
these humble enterprises was of unques-
tioned loyalty. Except for the undisputed
fact that another of his operatives had
disappeared mysteriously upon entering
the place—a fact having the Von Strind-
heim earmarks—Colonel Ourq might have
been satisfied to drop the place from ob-
servation. As it was he finally used the
traitor Haussman, only to receive the
mocking letter of a few days later, signed
Von Strindheim.

BY SUNRISE Captain Elton
had reached one very definite
conclusion. One master con-
tinued to direct the destiny of
the German spy center in Paris. No mere
successor to the brilliant operative who
conducted the work in the early stages
of the war could have carried on with
such unerring certainty. More particu-
larly, a successor would not have de-
veloped the arrogant confidence in him-
self to flaunt his victories in the French
official face so soon after Von Strindheim’s
demise. Perhaps, he concluded, the
French had executed Von Strindheim at
Le Bourget. But they had not put to
sleep the sinister mind that moved the
pawns in the game of military espionage
inside the French lines.

  Shortly before noon, when he reported
for the conference with the espionage
chiefs, Colonel Rand greeted him im-
patiently.

  “Well, Elton, what do you make of it
all after a night’s sleep?” the colonel in-
quired.

  “I haven’t had a night’s sleep, sir.”
10

ARED WHITE

Elton smiled. “In fact I haven’t had
my uniform off or closed my eyes.”

  “You certainly look like a man who’s
slept!” exclaimed Colonel Rand. “Not
even red around the eyes. However,
that’s not the point. Sleep or no sleep,
what’s the situation? Ourq will be here
in a moment to know whether you’re go-
ing to try your hand at his fox hunt.
What’s the answer?”

  “Tell him no—most emphatically,”
said Elton.

  “It doesn’t look good to you, eh?”

  “Not very inviting, sir—and please
leave no uncertainty in his mind that I,
if I have any choice in the matter, wash
my hands of the whole mess.”

  Colonel Rand scowled at the floor
briefly.

  “I think you’re using your head,
Elton,” he replied. “What chance would
we have mixing in with this ancient spy
game which they’ve been playing so many
centuries they’ve got it down to a fine art?
We’ve got need enough of you here.”
Colonel Ourq entered in a minute, ex-
pectant, but not unmindful of the courte-
sies demanded by French military cus-
tom. He bowed and saluted, made ele-
gant inquiry after the health of both
officers, as to whether they had rested
well, and waited patiently for the Ameri-
can colonel to broach the subject of official
business.

  “We have decided, Monsieur le Colonel,
that we can not spare Captain Elton to
assist you at this time.” Colonel Rand
announced this decision bluntly, when
the amenities finally had been disposed
of. “You see, Elton is the one really
expert cipher man we’ve got to depend
on—”

  “Ah, but it is only the officer who can
break down cipher who could hope for
success,” put in the Frenchman, his long
thin face registering disappointment at
the American’s words. “I had hoped,
perhaps, messieurs, you would see your
way clear to help us in this most impor-
tant of all cases.”

  “I’m sorry, Monsieur le Colonel,”
Colonel Rand said with finality. “But I

left the decision to the captain and I
take it he does not feel his experience or
his knowledge of Paris would justify such
presumption as to conclude he might win
where you have failed.”

  “I am sorry,” said Ourq gloomily, bow-
ing his acceptance of the verdict. In his
disappointment he betrayed the shame*
less reason for wishing to inveigle the
American operatives into the chase. “I
had thought, perhaps, that if the Ameri-
cans also failed, those of my own superiors
who now criticize me might become more
indulgent of my efforts. Adieu, mes-
sieurs.”

  “May I ask Monsieur le Colonel one
question?” Captain Elton said. “Did
I understand you correctly as saying yes-
terday that you have a German spy under
observation at the American aviation
center at Orly?”

  “Ay, yes, Captain.” Colonel Ourq
looked searchingly at the American cap-
tain for a moment as if to divine the rea-
son for the question, then added, “But
may I most respectfully request, my
comrades, that you do not molest the
wretch. An ordinary espion of no great
consequence, I assure you. But perhaps
one of Von Strindheim’s army. He serves
as an American ground corporal, and our
hope is that his trail may lead us one day
to his master if we but have patience.”
“Thank you,” said Elton nonchalantly.
“I was merely a bit curious—and I assure
you that I will in no way molest your
spy or spoil your plan of watching his
trail.”

  “Certainly not, when the French re-
quest it,” Colonel Rand spoke up. “We
want to cooperate in every way possible
with the French secret service.”

  Colonel Ourq bowed his acknowledg-
ment of the colonel’s assurance, clicked
his heels, saluted perfectly and departed.

“THANK heaven that’s over!”
said Colonel Rand. “Now we
can get back to our own busi-
ness again.”

  “But, sir, I’m afraid it isn’t over,”
said Captain Elton politely. “And be-
THE SPY TRAP

11

sides, isn’t that Paris nest our business,
our most important business?”

  The colonel turned sharply upon his
junior officer.

  “What do you mean by that amazing
statement, please tell me?” he demanded.

  “I mean, sir,” said Elton, “that I’ve
decided to try my hand and wits] at
hound and fox, to go to the bottom of this
thing and smoke out the Kaiser’s pet
espion in Paris.”

  “You mean—” Colonel Rand broke off
into speechlessness and stood staring at
Elton for several moments. “Didn’t you
just tell me ten minutes ago that you’d
decided to do nothing of the sort?”

  “No, sir. I recall making no such state-
ment to the colonel.”

  “See here, Elton; if this is some sort
of silly jest, you’re carrying it too far.
My hearing is perfect, my senses normal.
Now just what is it you would have me
believe that my ears heard?”

  “But if the Colonel will recall my
words, I requested you to tell the French-
man I had refused to tackle the job.”
“Quite the same thing. Just what are
you driving at?”

  “Simply this, sir. I didn’t want Colo-
nel Ourq to know what I’m about. It’s
a mighty ticklish game I’m up against
at best—and I didn’t want a lot of French
intelligence officers to know about it in
advance. I’m even sorry it’s necessary for
you to know what’s up, and I must have
your word that no one else will be let in
on it—not even the general.”

  Colonel Rand was left staring again.
“You’ve sized this game up and appre-
ciate just what you’re up against?”

  “Perfectly. It’s a long shot, but I
worked out my preliminary plans and I’m
going to put them into execution.”

  “What are they?”

  Captain Elton pursed his lips and
smiled enigmatically.

  “If the Colonel will excuse me,” he
replied, “I’ll keep that to myself.”

  “My experience and advice in this work
might be very helpful to you, Elton. I
might point out something you have over-
looked.”

  “I appreciate that fact, sir. But I fear
we might not agree—especially on the
subject of Von Strindheim. Besides, if I
keep my own counsel, I’ll not have to
worry about the danger of official compli-
cations—such as the general asking you,
and then letting a word drop to the
French of what I was about.”

  “Von Strindheim!” Colonel Rand bit
the word out. “You’re not accepting any
of that nonsense from Ourq, I hope, as a
basis for starting your work. If you are
you’d better stay where you are. That
Paris spy nest is not any branch of the
home for feeble minded.”

  “I’m not accepting it and I’m not re-
jecting it. I’m going in with an open
mind on that subject, but with my mind
made up on one point: the man I must
deal with is just as clever as Von Strind-
heim is described as being. At least you
will agree to that much.”

  The colonel indulged in his favorite
thought provoking habit of rubbing his
forehead vigorously.

  “Well, I admire your spine, Elton, if
not your judgment. But then, you sur-
prised me when you landed that Boche
nest out'in the Vosges last week. Which
reminds me that you have a promotion to
major coming whenever you’re ready to
take the oath of office.”

  “I think that can wait, sir. I want to
do nothing that will attract attention of
any sort my way right now. As a matter
of fact, I’m about to take a reduction to
the ranks and change my name.”

  “Going to work under a cover-up, eh?
Well, what is it to be this time—a second
lieutenant or something of that sort?”

  “A sergeant, sir. Sergeant Strothers,
replacement casual. I knew of such a
man in the cavalry on the Border—a de-
serter. He was killed a year ago in the
foothills near Chihuahua, Mexico, under
circumstances that I alone know in detail.
Therefore, I am willing to risk that name.
And now, sir, I request that as Sergeant
Strothers I be assigned immediately to
the aviation service at Orly—along with,
say, a dozen other replacements.”

  “See here, Elton,” Colonel Rand ex-
12

ARED WHITE

claimed as he divined the captain’s ap-
parent purpose. “We promised not to
bother that spy down there. As Ourq
told us, the French are working on him
and it’s bad business to break faith.”

  “I had no such idea as that,” said
Elton. “One other request: If I get into
trouble with the American commander
down there, I want no help of any kind
from headquarters, no matter what the
trouble is. I’m on my own, even if I
get into a court-martial jam and am sent
up for ten years. Also, transfer Sergeant
Walters from here to headquarters at
Paris with secret instructions to report at
the Prison La Roquette or M. P. head-
quarters at any time any one sends for
him.”

  Colonel Rand shook his head dubiously.

  “I hope you know what you’re about,
Elton. This is no picnic you’re embarking
upon.”

  “After all,” replied Elton calmly, “it’s
no more dangerous than the job held by
a few million men who are fighting at the
Front. And as old Sergeant Walters
would say—it’s all a part of the war game
anyhow.”

CHAPTER III

THE DESERTER

HE JOURNEY from American
headquarters to the aviation assem-
bly center at Orly might have been
made in five hours by military automo-
bile or in two hours by plane. Either
kind of transportation was immediately
available to an officer on a secret mission
of the gravest importance to the whole
Allied cause. But Elton chose the more
leisurely method of proceeding south to
St. Aignan, where he lost two precious
days—one day in travel and one in taking
his place as an enlisted casual in a re-
placement battalion. Another three days
elapsed before he arrived at the aviation
center. But his presence there, as one of
twelve replacement casuals who had been
duly requisitioned weeks before, was
natural and logical, a mere matter of
military routine.

  On the left sleeve of Elton’s blouse
when he reported at Orly was the tell-
tale markings of faded military glory—
an unbleached area that betrayed recently
removed chevrons. The pseudo ex-ser-
geant had brought this reduction upon
himself with deliberation while at St.
Aignan by the simple expedient of ad-
dressing a haughty second lieutenant
without proper respect and deference.
As he had expected, the evidence of re-
duced grade was seized upon promptly at
Orly with mingled sympathy and suspi-
cion—sympathy from the privates in the
squadron’s ground force, suspicion from
officers and non-coms who reasoned logi-
cally that a busted sergeant was a person
to be kept under observation.

  From among the most voluble and un-
couth of the privates in the squadron
Elton carefully selected one as a confi-
dant, a soldier with a large mouth, a
noisy tongue and a ready sympathy for
those who had felt the iron hand of dis-
cipline. On the second day at his new
station, Elton, functioning under the
nom de guerre of Private Strothers, took
his new buddy into his confidence and
poured his troubles into the other’s sym-
pathetic ear. He had been reduced to the
ranks because of a miraculous run of hard
luck. Some one had recognized him as
a deserter from Mexican Border days.
Only a miracle of friendship on his cap-
tain’s part had saved him from being
tried. But it had not saved him from
being stripped of his chevrons and fed out
as a replacement.

  Exactly as Elton had expected, his
confidence was betrayed by his gossiping
comrade before reveille the next morning.
By the end of the next day every man in
the squadron knew that the new casual,
Private Strothers, was a fellow with a hard
record, a deserter from the Army on the
Mexican Border. By the third day the
report had traveled the military grape-
vine to the first sergeant’s ear. Shortly
after mess on that day Elton received a
summons from the squadron adjutant,
a bumptious youngster bustling with
authority, whose peculiarities Elton had
THE SPY TRAP

13

estimated carefully in advance of the in-
evitable interview.

“WHO GAVE you the fine no-
tion that we wanted deserters
in this outfit?” the lieutenant
demanded by way of introduc-
ing the reason for the summons.

  “Maybe you know what you’re talk-
ing about. I don’t,” replied the bogus
Strothers bluntly.

  “You don’t, eh?” gasped the young
officer. The affront to his dignity en-
raged him. “You’ve had some military
service, haven’t you?” he roared.

  “A year or so,” the private admitted
casually.

  “Ever been taught how to address an
officer?”

  “Yes, an officer who acts like one,” was
the pointed reply.

  “Damn your impudent hide! What do
you mean by that?” The lieutenant was
purple with rage by this time.

  The private’s mood was inflexible.

  “Exactly what I said,” he. replied.
“You act more like a petulant baby than
an officer of the United States Army.”

  “I’d—I’d put you under arrest for
that!” roared the lieutenant. “That’s
disrespect to your superior officer—that’s
worse—that’s—” He broke off into im-
potent stuttering.

  “Well, don’t get all fussed up. What
you want to see me about?” was the
private’s unruffled inquiry.

  “You’re a deserter, that’s what I want
to see you about!” barked the officer,
pointing a tense finger of accusation
straight at the soldier.

  “How can I be a deserter, Lieutenant,
when I’m standing right here in quarters
listening to your guff this very minute?
Sneer that off if you know how.”

  “If you address me like that again—I’ll
—I’ll have you chucked in the hoosegow.
I got it straight you’re a deserter.
Skipped the Army on the Border and
came sneaking back in. Thought we
wouldn’t get wise to you!”

  “Whoever says I deserted is an infernal
liar!” the private shot back.

  “I say it. We got the record on you.
We got your own confession to one of the
squadron here. Now let’s hear you call
me a liar!”

  “With pleasure, Lieutenant. You’re
a dyed-in-the-wool, triple fanged, oily
tongued liar of the deepest dye! Now
swallow that and blow up until you bust,
for all I care.”

  “Orderly! Call out the guard. Put
this yellow cur under arrest!” the
lieutenant bellowed at the top of his
voice.

  “You can’t talk to me like that and
get away with it,” roared the chev-
ronless soldier, suddenly stirring into
action.

  “You’ll get twenty years in Leaven-
worth—or thirty—for this . . .”

  How many years the officer might have
added to his prediction of the soldier’s
probable sentence was not disclosed. He
was interrupted by a hand of steel at the
collar of his uniform. Elton dragged the
lieutenant out of headquarters with a few
lusty jerks of his arm. Before the head-
quarters clerks and orderlies could inter-
fere, they saw the adjutant out in the
open, alternately jerked and slapped, as
helpless as a child on the horns of a bull,
though his assailant was a somewhat
smaller man.

  As half a dozen soldiers, headed by a
first sergeant, came rushing down upon
this astounding exhibition of insubordi-
nation Elton discreetly released his hold
and stepped back.

  “Arrest that man!” screamed the ad-
jutant. “Throw him in the hoosegow—
and shoot him down if he tries to make a
getaway!”

  The first sergeant himself seized Elton
roughly and remembered to salute the
adjutant with his free hand.

  “He’ll not get away, sir,” said the ser-
geant grimly. “We all saw it, sir.”

  “The man’s a lunatic, or a dangerous
criminal, I tell you,” the breathless
officer gasped. “Assaulted me without
provocation—most unheard of outrage in
my whole service.”

  “He tried to call me a deserter!”growled
14

ARED WHITE

the prisoner. “I’m not taking that kind
of talk from any one.”

  “You’ll take a lot of things you ain’t
never thought of before,” sneered the
first sergeant, jerking the soldier back
again and shoving him into the custody
of half a dozen soldiers. “Take that bird
to the cooler. Shoot him if he tries to
bolt.”

  Two-thirds of the squadron had ap-
peared magically at the scene by this
time, gaping speechlessly at the man who
had dared strike his superior officer in
time of war. It was a firing squad offense
if a court martial chose to go the limit
of military law; certainly a matter of
ten years’ imprisonment even before a
tender hearted military tribunal. The
prisoner yielded without show of resis-
tance and went off placidly with the
escort.

  “That’s a fine morning’s work you’ve
pulled for yourself,” the corporal in
charge of the guard detail greeted him.
“What kind of hop you filled up on any-
how?”

  “I’m not having any ex-bank clerk in
a Sam Browne bawling me out like I was
a mangy setter,” said the prisoner. “He
started it.”

  “Yes—and he finished it, didn’t he?”
said the corporal. “Don’t you know you
can’t get away with that kind of rough
stuff against an officer?”

  “Would you let some shavetail abuse
you and call you a deserter?” the un-
humbled offender asked sharply.

  “Sure I would,” affirmed the non-com
unblushingly. “I’d let ’em call me any-
thing. It’s their privilege. Not saying
I ain’t got a temper and a right smart
memory. But I’m waiting until we’re
back in civvies after the war, so I can do
a first class job or two of it without having
to spend the rest of my natural life in
jail.”

  “Well, the jig was up anyhow,” the
other smiled stoically. “He had enough
on me to cinch me for some old offense I
thought they’d forgotten. So I reckon my
fun didn’t cost me much.”

  “Bad head work again,” said the cor-

poral. “If you meant that old desertion
charge that’s been rumored around here—
why you’d got out of that easy ’longside
what you’re going to get now. Next to
murder, hitting an officer is the unsafest
stunt in the Army. Fact is, I don’t
think they’d done anything to you on
that desertion charge, seeing as how
you come back to do your stuff in the
war.”

  “We’ll let it go at that.” The recalci-
trant private ended the exchange. He
smiled vaguely. “Anyhow it’s my own
funeral.”

IF ELTON had any remaining
uncertainties as to the serious
course that was to follow, they
were removed swiftly. Charges
and specifications were read to him in an
irate voice by the squadron major before
the end of the day. They charged major
violation of the article of war, a case for
a general court martial. The hands of
justice moved swiftly thereafter. Since
the prisoner refused to make an official
statement in his own behalf and took
refuge in what passed for a sullen silence,
he was whisked away the following morn-
ing to face the military tribunal at Paris
headquarters.

  His trial was brief and ominous. A
dozen somber faced officers comprising
the court sat in flinty silence through a
recital of the facts by the outraged lieu-
tenant, the first sergeant and several eye-
witnesses who corroborated everything
the lieutenant charged. Elton, in turn,
gloomily admitted the offense and pleaded
merely that he had lost his temper. The
court went into closed session and re-
convened with findings determined upon
almost as quickly as the prisoner could be
escorted from the room and led back
again. A stony faced lieutenant-colonel
possessed of a deep, funereal voice, arose to
announce the findings of the court and
pronounce the sentence.

  “Of the charges—guilty,” he said. “Of
all the specifications—guilty. The sen-
tence is dishonorable discharge from the
service, forfeiture of all pay and allow-
THE SPY TRAP

15

ances and confinement to a military
prison at hard labor for a period of twenty-
five years.”

  “That’s an outrage, gentlemen!” The
prisoner advanced a step toward the
court, pointing a menacing finger at the
members. “I demand—”

  His sentence was cut off by a rough
hand at his arm, the sergeant in charge
of the guard of three armed military
policemen. The sergeant hustled him out
of the room.

  “Any more wisecracks out of you and
I’ll drill you,” the non-com stormed.
“Me, I think you’re a loco case, but you
better not start anything while I got you
on my hands.”

  At military police headquarters on Rue
St. Anne, to which the prisoner was taken
for transportation to Prison La Roquette,
Elton finally prevailed upon the officer in
charge to grant him a last request—that
of notifying Sergeant Walters, at Paris
headquarters, of his predicament.

  “If it’s giving you any comfort to ad-
vertise your crimes to your friends, I’ll
tell him you want to see him,” the M. P.
officer said. “But if I was in for the kind
of a crime you pulled, I wouldn’t want
decent friends to know anything about
it.”

  “Thank you, sir,” said the prisoner
humbly. “It’ll cheer me a lot if I
can have a few words with my old
buddy.”

  An hour later the veteran Sergeant
Walters, military intelligence operator
and ally of Elton in his recent desperate
invasion of the Belfort spy nest, appeared
at the prison. He eyed the M. P. officer in
a puzzled way when informed that Private
Strothers, convicted of striking an officer,
wanted to see him before being transferred
to La Roquette.

  “I don’t remember the name, off hand,”
said Walters. “But then I’ve known a lot
of hard eggs in my service.”

  “This is a tough one,” said the officer.
“Better keep your eyes on him. He may
have some fast trick up his sleeve. The
corporal here will take you up to the
fifth floor.”

NOT EVEN his long experi-
ence in facing strange and un-
expected situations prevented
an exclamation from Sergeant
Walters when he saw, through the bars
of a small cell, the familiar features of
Captain Elton, in private’s uniform and
secured to an iron bunk by a heavy chain
manacle.

  “Why, sir—” Walters bit off his words
in sudden recollection that there must be
some good reason for the other’s dire
predicament. “So they got you in here,
have they, Strothers?” he inquired.
“Didn’t recognize the name at first.
What you want to see me about?”

  “It’s something personal, Sergeant,”
said the prisoner. “Word I want sent to
my folks, without anybody else knowing
who they are.”

  “Fair enough,” said Walters. He
motioned the sentry aside, out of hearing.
“What’s the meaning of all this, sir?” he
inquired eagerly. “I knew there was
something in the air when they sent me
down to Paris, but I didn’t—”

  “I’m in a peck of real trouble,” said
Elton. “Beyond that I tell nothing at
present. I’m to be transferred to the
Prison La Roquette this afternoon. I
want you to arrange the escort and have
charge of it yourself. I’ll tell you what
else I want you to do later.”

  “I’ll jump back to headquarters and
fix that up easy enough,” said Walters.
“Only too glad to have a part in what-
ever you’re doing. But I can’t see—”
“A ticklish job in which I’m playing a
lone game, Walters. You’ll even tell the
commander of Paris that I’m a prisoner
in whom higher authority is taking no
chance of a getaway. That’ll be the
reason you are taking over the job of
landing me at La Roquette. Can you
put that across?”

  “They got their orders to let me do as I
please, so it’ll be easy.” Walters smiled.
“But don’t I get in on the racket some-
where?”

  “You’ll be in lots of trouble before
night—and I’ll be out,” Elton said.
“Now please act as fast as you know
16

ARED WHITE

how, and be sure to tell this Paris crew
nothing.”

CHAPTER IV

THE KAISER’S WINESHOP

  AN HOUR later the forlorn private
was duly surrendered by the
American military police of the
District of Paris into the custody of an
armed detachment, dispatched by the
American commander of troops in Paris
to deliver him to the ancient French
prison that had been turned over for
American military use. The order was
that every precaution be taken against
escape. The escort of twelve men was
armed with rifles, bayonets fixed, maga-
zines filled with ball ammunition, which
meant that the prisoner must arrive at
La Roquette, at the other side of Paris,
dead or alive.

  Sergeant Walters, automatic pistol in
his belt, flap unfastened, marched beside
the convicted man. The escort under his
command followed in columns of threes,
ten paces in rear. They moved in silence
through the narrow, traffic congested
Rue St. Anne, the French civil populace
yielding the sidewalk to them and gaping
from the gutters at the strange cavalcade.
Fragments of excited comment reached
the escort as it moved along the streets.
Imaginative Frenchmen quickly solved
the riddle to their own satisfaction.

  The soldiers were a firing squad. The
American walking beside the sous-officier,
the disheveled one with a stubbly face and
wretched eyes, was a spy. They were
taking him to the Seine to shoot him and
cast his body into the muddy water.
That was the American way. Groups
began following on the flanks and rear,
men, boys and old women. As the escort
and its victim moved into the less fre-
quented streets to the east, a motley
rabble was trailing closely, drawn by the
wartime blood lust, the grim fascination
of seeing a firing squad perform.

  The prisoner’s anxiety became real at
this unexpected development. He ad-
dressed Sergeant Walters, sotto voce, with-

out turning his head from the front.

  “So far that mob has played into my
hands,” he said. “But we’ve got to shake
them now—at least force them back to a
safe distance. They’re dangerous enough
to spoil everything, and I’ve got chances
enough to take in the next half hour.”
“I’ll get rid of them, sir,” whispered
Walters.

  He halted the escort and gave terse
orders to one of his corporals who spoke
French fluently. The corporal harangued
the crowd back but it retreated only a
few paces. Again and again he shouted
to no avail until Sergeant Walters or-
dered the rear set of fours upon them
with the threat of fixed bayonets. Where-
upon they withdrew into the next square
and followed at a discreet distance.

  “At the next intersection,” said Elton
at the end of an interminable period of
marching, “I’m going to leave you, and
take your pistol with me.”

  Sergeant Walters looked sharply at
Elton, fear in his face.

  “My men know nothing,” he whispered
hoarsely. “They’ll fire with ball ammu-
nition if you make a play like that.”

  “It’s up to you to hold their fire while
I’m keeping you covered,” Elton replied
in a low tense voice. “As soon as I’m
clear, around the first corner, you can
turn them loose. After that hunt me like
you meant business. In fact it’ll be your
business to hunt me down in earnest—if
you can. But after a day or two, if you
don’t get my trail, drop it. Is that per-
fectly clear to you?”

  The sergeant did not reply for a mo-
ment or two. His eyes were on the cobble-
stones under his feet. He ran his fingers
unconsciously across the row of Service
ribbons on his left breast, his hand paus-
ing a moment upon the blue ribbon
with tiny white stars—the Congressional
Medal of Honor for distinguished bravery
in action.

  “It’s the toughest thing I’ve ever been
asked to do, sir,” he replied presently.
“No armed prisoner this side of hell could
bluff me—and it’s a painful thing to
show the white feather right here before
THE SPY TRAP

17

an armed escort with a couple of hundred
frogs looking on from the background.”
“I’m sorry, Walters. I know what
they’ll think; but there’s no way around
it. This is one case where it takes more
guts to show yellow than to take a ma-
chine gun nest.”

  “Ain’t there some other way, sir?”
Walters persisted plaintively. The revolt
in his soul against such a coup was
clearly revealed by his voice. “Can’t I
turn this escort back and then you and
me bolt it together?”

  “See here, Walters!” Elton spoke so
sharply that the sergeant raised his hand
in warning lest their exchange be over-
heard by the men in rear. “I’ve spent
days of misery and preparation leading
up to this moment. Everything depends
upon my next move. I’ve told you al-
ready more than I wanted any one to
know. This is the most important game
either of us ever sat in on—and every-
thing depends upon the next fifteen
minutes. Are you going to lend a hand?”
Walters groaned.

  “Go ahead, sir, when you’re ready,”
he said. “I’ll take the gaff, if there’s no
way out of it.”

  They approached the intersection,
streets lined with stone houses that stood
in a solid wall flush upon the sidewalk.
Elton’s pulse was pounding in spite of his
effort at calm. Not only his life, but the
possibility of success for his military
mission, must depend upon the eventual-
ities of the next few minutes. If fortune
frowned upon him, his own men might
shoot him down. If he succeeded in this
desperate move, it might only be to dis-
appear into the black fastness that had
swallowed up the flower of the French
secret service.

  “Now!”

HE SHOT the warning at
Walters as they came within a
stone throw of the Rue Des-
manse. At the same moment
he whipped his hand across to the ser-
geant’s unfastened pistol holster, whipped
out the Army automatic and thrust its

ominous muzzle close to Walters’ head.
The alert soldiers of the escort swung
their rifles from their shoulders, ready for
action. In a twinkling a dozen muzzles
loomed hungrily forward, safety locks re-
leased, fingers on triggers. Only the
presence of Sergeant Walters, directly in
the line of fire, saved Elton from instant
death.

  “Order them to hold their fire!” the
prisoner shouted.

  Sergeant Walters faced his command
dumbly and lifted his hand. His face,
had his men observed closely, was filled
with disgust rather than fear as he halted
them and called to them to order arms.
Elton backed slowly toward the corner,
Walters trailing closely as a shield. Even
in the stress of this critical moment he
read the black despair in Walters’ ashen
face. Walters shuffled along in silence,
sick at heart. Twelve soldiers and two
hundred French civilians witnesses of this
humiliation. An American non-com-
missioned officer, weakening at the threat
of a pistol, for no better apparent reason
than to preserve his own cowardly carcass.
An outrage against all decent traditions
of the Service.

  “I’m sorry,” Elton consoled him.

  “It’s the toughest thing I ever tried,”
said Walters grimly. “But take care of
yourself, sir, and good luck to you.”

  “Thanks, Walters; I’ll need your good
wishes.”

  He broke around the corner without
another word. By running at top speed
he had estimated that he would be able
to reach a turn in the tortuous thorough-
fare that would shield him from gunfire
and enable him to reach a second turn and
a third that would take him unto the Rue
Chambron. He had barely reached the
first turn before the first scattering fire
was at his heels, the bullets spattering
harmlessly against the buildings as the
soldiers fired at him with unsteady aim
from the run. He made the second turn
ahead of their fire and rounded the third
barely in time to escape a shower of steel
jacketed lead which spattered the walls
behind him.
18

ARED WHITE

  Upon rounding the ancient stone
structure that marked his entrance into
Rue Chambron, Elton halted and peered
cautiously back. The escort was racing
madly toward him and would have him
in the open in a few moments. And while
Elton knew the lay of Paris, he needed a
few extra moments just now in which to
orient himself against his final move.
He swung his pistol around the corner of
the sheltering house and fired deliber-
ately upon the patrol, taking care to aim
well over the heads of the men. The in-
fantrymen scattered to the gutters, cast-
ing themselves on their bellies in order to
escape bullets and steady their aim.
Elton used the precious respite in which
to catch the lay of the Rue Chambron.
Although he had seen it only in the
French intelligence photographs fur-
nished by Colonel Ourq, he instantly
identified the age worn old stone rookery
that was his destination. It stood not
thirty paces away, bleak and forbidding,
with no sign of life even in the grimy cafe
that occupied a section of the ground
floor.

  With a final cautioning shot to check
his pursuers, he bolted for the place.
Fortune seemed to favor him. The
street was deserted. Before the first of
the infantrymen could come into sight,
Elton shot into the open door and rushed
wildly through the empty room only to
collide violently with a perspiring fat man
in a caterer’s apron and cap. The fat
man, instead of showing fear at the ap-
parition of an armed invader, broke into
strident French epithets.

  “Hide me out and be quick about it!”
the fugitive gasped, flourishing his pistol
without leveling it.

  To Elton’s surprise, the fellow’s anger
cooled instantly. He looked back at the
American collectedly, without surprise or
other emotion.

  “Je ne comprends pas anglais,” he said
with an indifferent shrug of his porcine
shoulders.

  “Quick—tout de suite!” Elton com-
manded.

  He pointed to the floor and raised his

pistol again in a desperate gesture. At
the same moment a fusillade of shots
rang out in the Rue Chambron. The
Frenchman, as if in sudden understand-
ing of the situation, led Elton into the
dingy kitchen of the place, lifted a worn
timber door from the floor and motioned
Elton down the stone steps into the
musty cellar.

  “If you tip me off to the American
soldiers it’ll be finis for you,” the fugitive
shouted back with a significant toss of
his pistol.

  The Frenchman let the door fall into
place with a noisy bang. The closing of
the hole left the cellar as black as Hades,
so black that Elton could only grope his
way blindly until he came against a wall
and stood there in helplessness to await
developments. A clatter of hobnails on
the wooden floor of the cafe overhead
heralded the arrival of the pursuit de-
tachment in a few moments. He caught
the hum of excited voices and vaguely
made out that they were demanding his
hiding place.

  “Open up your basement—or into the
American hoosegow you go!”

ELTON heard the stentorian
demand clearly and caught the
scraping of hobs toward the
kitchen. In desperation he
struck a match and looked about him for
a way of escape from this menace. The
light only brought a groan. The cellar
was a small affair, securely walled in—a
mere hole for the storage of a few barrels
of cheap wine. He had brought up at the
end of a blind trail, after all his effort at
making a plausible approach. In a few
moments the infantrymen would search
him out and escort him back in failure to
face the humiliation of appealing, after all,
to headquarters for release.

  The soldiers were lifting the heavy trap
door overhead when a soft voice spoke
close behind him.

  “Enter, monsieur,” it bade him.

  Elton started at the intervention, sur-
prised in spite of his preparations for any
developments once he had entered the
THE SPY TRAP

19

cafe on the Rue Chambron. He turned
to see a rift in the solid wall, a rift that
was revealed by a broad shaft of mellow
light in which stood a man. Into this
refuge he darted not a moment too soon.
Light from overhead was penetrating the
hole and he caught the rasp of hobnails
on the stone steps leading from the
kitchen as the wall behind him closed as
suddenly and as noiselessly as it had
opened. The light flashed out and he
found himself again standing in inky
blackness.

  Indistinctly he could make out the
scurrying about of the searchers in the
wine cellar a few feet away. Shortly the
sounds died out, the escort evidently
having satisfied itself and turned its quest
elsewhere. There was no sound now but
the pounding of his own heart. Elton’s
veins ran hot with conflicting emotions.
There was a sense of triumph that he had
succeeded in the first vital step of his
mission. There was the tingling of taut
nerves at the realization that he now
faced the most desperate spy nest in all
Europe. Slowly but surely, while the
black room favored him, he imposed his
iron will upon himself and collected his
faculties against the inevitable develop-
ments of the immediate future.

  The light snapped on presently and re-
vealed another small, stone lined wall,
dark and almost as dismal and uninviting
as the wine cellar behind. It was devoid
of fixtures except for a table and a
single chair at which sat an elderly
man, his attire covered by a loose black
smock.

  “Que voulez vous, monsieur?” the fellow
inquired in the same easy voice that had
invited Elton into the room.

  “No compree French!” Elton replied
glumly. “Got anybody here that can talk
American?”

  The other did not reply at once. He
sat with his eyes fixed upon Elton, im-
personal little eyes, over which the lids
drooped in a way that suggested a man
of small alertness. Elton looked back,
studying the fellow intently, without ap-
pearing to do so. A man approaching

fifty, spare, angular, with lined face of
little character. Probably a mere outer
sentinel, a doorkeeper in the under-
ground network beyond, Elton thought.
Certainly not one to arouse suspicion by
his manner and appearance.

  “What brings you here?” the fellow
asked in good English at the end of a long
interval.

  “Dodging twenty-five years in the
hoosegow,” said Elton bluntly. “I’m sure
much obliged to you for helping me slip
that American wolf pack.”

  The interrogator’s face underwent not
the slightest change. Evidently he was a
man who felt no emotion.

  “Tell me your whole story in detail,”
he prompted Elton laconically.

  “There’s not much of it, my friend,”
Elton said. “They were sending me to do
a quarter of a century for striking an
officer. I saw a chance to try a getaway—
and here I am.”

  The other picked up a pencil and very
deliberately moved a pad of paper in front
of him.

  “I want all the details,” he persisted.
“Everything that’s happened from the
time you joined the Service right on down
to this moment.”

  Elton, with a show of reluctance,
sketched in the life of Strothers. In
this he was not forced to improvise.
He had studied and rehearsed the role
of Strothers.

  Furthermore, he now clung to what
he esteemed to be the mental attitude of
Strothers. For the time being he was not
Elton, of the American Military Intelli-
gence Service, but the hounded private,
victim of iron fisted and unreasoning in-
justice, chafing with resentment, burning
with his wrongs.

  In that selfsame spirit he poured out
the tale he ,had fabricated. When he
had finished his story his questioner arose
without a word, walked to a wall, pressed
an unseen spring, or button, and dis-
appeared through a second sliding door in
the wall that closed behind him without
leaving the slightest trace of its ex-
istence.
20

ARED WHITE

CHAPTER V

A BARGAIN IS STRUCK

FOR THE better part of an hour
Elton was left standing alone in the
dark room. Not a sound reached
his ears and in time the heavy silence, the
gloomy uncertainty, began to tug at his
nerves. He remembered suddenly that
he had been allowed to keep his pistol.
In his pocket he had two extra clips of .45
caliber ammunition with which he filled
the half empty magazine of the weapon.
The loaded gun gave him a sense of
security. He took advantage of the
empty room to secrete the weapon in his
blouse, handy to his reach. No matter
what happened he would not be wholly
defenseless, he assured himself.

  His eyes fixed themselves in time on the
top of the deserted table. He noted with
a flicker of interest that it was littered
with maps and papers. Across one
comer lay a canvas dispatch case, bulging
with documents. Another dispatch case
was hung across the back of the chair.
His interest quickened. A glance at
those papers, while the room was empty
of observers, might yield invaluable in-
formation. It might orient him against
his future course, warn him of future
dangers. But he discreetly put aside any
thought of crossing the room. That slid-
ing door might admit some one at any
instant. This was not a time for hasty
action. He must play the game slowly,
cautiously, with every atom of his intelli-
gence keyed up to the highest pitch, with
an iron hand at the control of his feelings
at every instant. Suiting action to
thought, he lighted a cigaret, seated him-
self on the stone floor, with his hands rest-
ing between his knees, and waited.

  When the sliding door finally parted it
was to admit a different m#.n. A man of
the same height as the one who had ad-
mitted Elton, though he was much
younger and seemed more alert. The eyes
he fixed upon Elton were those of dead
carp and his voice, when he spoke, was
low, cold and expressionless.

“So you are an American officer?” the

man inquired, no hint in his tone of the
startling import carried by his words.

  Elton had refuge in the role of Private
Strothers.

“I was a non-com,” he replied evenly.
“They busted me for no reason at all.
That’s what started my run of hard luck.”
There was an almost imperceptible glint
in the dead eyes.

  “So you Americans are taking up where
the French secret police left off?” He
leered at Elton. “Did you fancy you
would fool any one?”

  “You mean—” Elton’s eyes distended
at the thrust and a gleam of fear flashed
momentarily. He covered instantly.
“You mean you’re going to turn me over
to the police?” he demanded.

  His hand rose to his unbuttoned blouse,
the tips of his fingers caressing the butt of
his Army automatic.

  “A clever rogue, on my word,” com-
mented the other. “Or else a very valu-
able acquisition. My intuitions warn me
against you—but I’m going to make
sure.”

  Elton glowered back.

  “I can’t see where anybody ought to
cut in,” he said. “If you’re so afraid I
might get you in bad with the Americans,
just let me stay here till night and I’ll
make my getaway. I got my month’s
pay left—and I’ll turn it over, if that’ll
help any.”

  “Either you are or you aren’t what you
seem to be,” commented the other coldly.
“If you are—excellent for all concerned.
If you aren’t—” The veriest flicker of a
smile passed over the lean face. “In any
event I’ll establish the facts for myself.
You need say nothing more. Bon jour,
my friend, and in the meantime you will
not want for necessary comforts.”

  He turned on his heel without haste and
strolled from the room, the unseen door
sliding aside for him as if by magic as
he approached. The door closed, then
opened at once to admit a fat, dumpy man
with an egg shaped bald head who carried
an ordinary Army cot and several olive
drab American blankets folded under one
arm, while with his other hand he held
THE SPY TRAP

21

a steaming tray of food. These things he
placed in the center of the room and left
without so much as a glance at Elton.

  Thereafter the minutes lengthened into
hours, unendurable hours of tormenting
silence. Elton maintained his wakeful-
ness until his wrist watch told the hour of
midnight, when he turned in for sleep.
When he awakened from a fitful doze it
was seven o’clock of the next morning.
While he slept his breakfast had been
brought in to him, together with a pack-
age of cigarets. When he had finished his
tepid coffee he took one of his strange
host’s cigarets.

THE LENGTH and elegance
of it attracted his attention,
together with a vague and
pleasing perfume. It was no
ordinary French cigaret, nor was it of
American manufacture. He struck a
match to light it and under the flame his
eye caught a small figure in gold on the
side of the cylinder. He took it from his
mouth in curiosity and as he did so he
started. The figure was a coronet and
under it in graceful gold script the
letter “V” superimposed upon the letter
“S”—Von Strindheim!

  There was a slight tremor in Elton’s
hand as he struck another match. The
hand was steady again as he raised the
light to his cigaret and puffed at it with
seeming tranquillity. His face was a mask
as he lay down on the Army cot and
smoked luxuriously, but inwardly his
pulse was racing feverishly. Von Strind-
hcim’s monogrammed cigaret! What
whim of vanity, what secret import lay
behind the German’s action in sending in
his own private stock?

  Who, unless it was Von Strindheim in
the flesh, would resort to such subtlety?
He remembered Colonel Ourq’s insistence
that the baron lived—even though he had
been a witness at the Prussian espion’s
execution. And the incident of the
monogrammed cigaret was more eloquent
of the baron’s existence than Ourq’s stout,
if slightly apologetic, insistence. Cer-
tainly, Elton reasoned, a mere masquer-

ader would not indulge in such vanities,
in so subtle a warning to a mere suspect
that it was the baron with whom he must
deal.

  Hours of the suffocating silence ticked
by, hours in which Elton was assailed by
gnawing uncertainties. The fear that he
might have been sealed in the room to die
for want of air dissolved when he found
that the little chamber was ventilated by
hidden vents.

  There was no doubt, then, that he was
being held while his story was investi-
gated. And he found a grain of comfort
in the thought that he had made his ap-
proach with painstaking thoroughness.
His striking of the lieutenant, his trial by
court—he alone knew the truth behind
these incidents. They would stand the
test of investigation. Only the incident
of taking refuge in this place would arouse
suspicion; but would not that suspicion,
he asked himself, be erased when the
steps by which he became a prisoner were
investigated?

  Certainly the spy at Orly would give
him a clearance, for it was impossible
that the German operative there, masquer-
ading in American uniform, had failed
to learn all the details of his rumpus.
Doubtless he was an eyewitness of the
drubbing administered to the squadron
adjutant.

  The long hours of wracking inaction and
silence turned his mind again to the table
with its piles of papers. As he set to
pacing the floor, the lure of those papers
became almost irresistible. Once he
hesitated—all but stopped before the
table. But then he remembered that
his role was that of Private Strothers;
and Private Strothers, hounded fugitive,
would have small interest in a mere pile
of documents.

  Promptly at noon, with true German
punctiliousness, the dumpy old menial
came through the wall with luncheon.
Hard on the heels of the flunkey appeared
another figure—a slight, erect, faultlessly
groomed man of early middle age, in
French civilian dress.

  “You have fared in some comfort, I
22

ARED WHITE

trust?” the fellow greeted Elton in a polite,
formal voice.

  “Thanks,” said Elton. “It’s been great
to have a safe place to hide out in, away
from those wolves. I’m obliged to you
gentlemen.”

THE NEWCOMER had a
chair brought in, seated himself
and bade Elton proceed with
his luncheon. He sat observing
the American in a casual sort of way.
From his moment’s survey of the man,
Elton concluded that he must be a per-
sonage of secondary importance, although
without doubt one of the Kaiser’s trained
operatives. His face was that of an upper
officer-caste Frenchman, strong, clear fea-
tures, shrewd gray eyes, small waxed
black mustache that heightened the pallor
of his pale skin, as of one who has been
little in the open with troops. One
characteristic caught Elton’s attention
later. The fellow’s heavy arched eye-
brows occasionally moved up and down
in a way suggestive of a tic or nervous
ailment.

  “Your story checks out fairly well, my
friend,” the visitor announced presently.

  Elton looked up anxiously.

  “Will you tell me what’s in the air, what
chance I got of a getaway—just where I
stand?” he demanded.

  “Certainly,” said the operative. “We
can afford to be very frank with you.
First, may I ask if you have regretted your
rash action in any way? Has it occurred
to you that perhaps you would fare a great
deal better by surrendering yourself to
the American military police?”

  “Never!” Elton spat the word. “I’d
rather die than put in a quarter of a
century behind the bars! A rotten deal,
I got!”

  “You are very optimisti^, my friend,”
said the other, “in your assumption that
the Americans would hold you in jail. I
presume you realize that the new charge
against you is one that is dealt with
summarily?”

  “What do you mean?”

  “I mean that you are wanted for

murder—and you know the penalty for
that offense.”

  “Murder?” Elton was genuinely star-
tled by this play. “I beat up on a lieu-
tenant, but I didn’t murder him.”

  “But you shot two of the soldiers who
tried to capture you—killed one outright
and a second died later of a pistol wound.”
Elton jumped up and paced the floor in
simulated agitation. His mind had pene-
trated the subterfuge instantly. That he
had fired well over the heads of his pur-
suers he was certain. Therefore, the fel-
low’s purpose in charging him with
murder was all too clear.

  “Well, what are you going to do about
it?” he demanded, returning to his seat
and staring resolutely at the espion.

  “That depends on how well you are
willing to pay us for our pains,” the other
said.

  “You can have all I got,” pleaded
Elton. “It isn’t much, but I’ll turn it
over.”

  “I wasn’t talking in terms of money.”
The fellow smiled insinuatingly. “I
meant in service.”

  “If there’s anything I can do— Tell
me what you want.”

  The German operativ e lighted a cigaret,
an ordinary French cigaret, and subjected
Elton to a further contemplative study.

  “First, kindly turn over to me your
weapon,” he directed.

  “Why—why is that necessary?” Elton’s
reluctance in disarming himself was real.
The presence of the pistol under his coat
was a grim comfort which he hesitated to
relinquish.

  “If we do not help you, of what value
is a pistol, or a hundred pistols, against
the vengeance of the American military
police?” the spy reasoned shrewdly.

  “I reckon that’s right too,” Elton re-
sponded glumly. He drew forth the
automatic and gave it over.

  “As I said,” the Prussian agent pro-
ceeded promptly, slipping the pistol into
his coat pocket, “we can afford to be
very frank with you—under the circum-
stances. We are not conducting either
a charitable institution or a refuge for
THE SPY TRAP

23

fugitive Americans. Every one here
works and works hard. Your job will be
that of a motorcycle courier running be-
tween Paris and Beifort—a work of the
greatest importance, if you elect to under-
take it.”

  “But how am I going to run around out
in the open, with them after me for
murder?” Elton demanded.

  “That has been thought of, my friend.
The Americans, thanks to our efforts, be-
lieve you were drowned the other day
while trying to swim down the Seine. No
one looks for a dead man. With very
slight disguise, and with an American uni-
form and M. P. brassard on your arm, the
dumb Americans would not stop you in a
hundred years. I might add that you will
be richly paid for your services; you will
have the cooperation and aid of an ex-
tensive organization, and a future after
the war, which is going to end some time
during July, following our capture of
Paris.”

  “You mean for me to—to carry spy
messages? Is that what you’re driving
at?” Elton was on his feet again and
staring wildly at his host.

#“IN THE service of his Im-
perial Majesty, the King of
Prussia,” said the other in an
even collected voice. He arose
and turned away, pausing at the secret
door as it opened for him. “A much
safer occupation than dodging murder
charges,” he added. “You may think it
over and give me your answer at your
convenience. Unless you wish to enter
upon your work in the proper spirit, we
have no desire to force you. It’s entirely
up to you.”

  Elton’s voice halted him as he was pass-
ing out of the room.

  “I’ll tell you now,” he said in a low
vibrant voice. “I’m wise enough to see
there’s nothing else I can do. I got myself
to think about and—while I never
thought much of the Kaiser’s gang—I
can’t see where I got any more call to love
a gang that hasn’t got anything better
for me than a—a rope.”

  “I had counted upon your intelligence,”
smiled the espion. He consulted his watch
and his eyebrows twitched nervously.
“It is nearly one o’clock. We will discuss
the further details of your work a bit
later. For the present I am occupied with
another matter—of small importance. It
is possible that I will let you observe the
details, as your first lesson. It may
establish your faith in the exceptional in-
tellect under whose guidance you will
operate hereafter.”

  “You mean—the Kaiser?” Elton asked.
“I mean his Excellency, the Haupt-
mann Baron Erich Wolf Von Strind-
heim,” responded the other. He turned
to the wall and a moment later the mas-
sive sliding door closed upon him.

CHAPTER VI

THE APACHE FAILURE

WHILE the visitor had taken away
the comfort afforded by an auto-
matic pistol, he left Elton the
solace of a morning paper with which to
relieve the monotony of the wait. Elton
turned to the newspaper eagerly, not that
he was in any humor for reading, but be-
cause it gave him an appearance of occu-
pation while he analyzed the develop-
ments of the day and reckoned his
future course. A courier to the Swiss
border! A remarkable stroke of luck, he
thought. It would give him the routes of
the important German intelligence re-
ports. It would give him a chance at
their ciphers and codes. It might give
him his opportunity to trap the great spy
nest of which he was now about to be-
come a part.

  When he had made his conclusions, he
turned his mind to the printed columns.
Although he read French with difficulty,
he was able t<3r glean the news of the day.
Battle news. A resume of the economic
situation in France. Lists of officer
casualties. A not too cheerful estimate of
American strength and participation that
could be depended upon during 1918.
Hints of an impending German drive,
24

ARED WHITE

described as the most powerful the
Central Powers had yet launched. Near
the bottom of a column devoted to edi-
torial comment he came upon an article
by the editor which he read with a grow-
ing amazement. He read it a second and
third time in the thought that perhaps his
translation had been faulty.

  Under the startling caption, “Shall
we let the World Bleed to Death?” the
editor demanded whether the slaughter
must go on until civilization had de-
stroyed itself? Was there not some way
out, some honorable way in which the
French leaders could initiate negotia-
tions? Or must the red orgy go on and on
until there was black crape dangling from
every door in France!

  He turned to the front page again and
glanced at the heading. Le Journal, a
powerful newspaper of Paris, often spoken
of as the mouthpiece of the French masses.
What could it mean? Elton remembered
that French morale had been low for
months, but did this mean that it was
breaking? A daring editorial of far
reaching consequences, and if it reflected
an existing weakness in France, or crys-
tallized such a weakness in the popular
mind, would France be able to survive a
smashing German drive on Paris such as
had been hovering in the north, like an
ominous black specter?

HIS REFLECTIONS were
interrupted by a voice. He
looked up to see still another
man, a slightly older man than
the preceding visitor, but of like build
with the exception of the shoulders, which
sloped almost to the point of deformity.
The face struck him with the force of a
blow, a sinister face, warped in feature,
cold, merciless, cruel. Its lines were sharp
lines—a black bristling brow that covered
eyes which glinted through mere slits.
The nose was long, sharp and twisted at
the bridge; the mouth an abrupt blue
lipped line that broke sharply downward
at the corners.

  “I am directed, monsieur, to request
your presence in another room,” he an-

nounced in a^voice that was as hard and
metallic as his face. “We are preparing
to receive a distinguished visitor in this
chamber.”

  Elton followed him without reply
through the secret door and found him
self in a narrow stone hallway, as barren
and bleak as the chamber in which he had
been held on probation. They proceeded
a short distance along the hallway until
its wall opened to admit them through
another secret door into a small room.
As he entered Elton saw that it was more
than an underground hole. The floor was
carpeted, there were several comfortable
chairs, a large writing desk of Circassian
walnut, and the place seemed well venti-
lated, although no vents were visible.
From the ceiling was suspended a long
cylindrical tube, the size of a stovepipe,
which broke four feet above the floor into
a square projection, and which Elton
immediately recognized as a periscope, or
trench-scope of special construction.

  “We are about to receive a distin-
guished visitor,” the German said, speak-
ing the same excellent English as his
predecessors.

  “One of our own workers, you mean?”
Elton inquired.

  “No, a French person,” the other
answered. “He arrived some hours be-
fore in the excellent cafe of Monsier Du
Puy, above us, which you have such good
cause to remember. Even now he is in
monsieur’s unpleasant wine cellar, his
heart filled with vengeance against the
French secret police, ready to join forces
with us.”

  “Are you sure you—we—can trust
him?” Elton demanded. He registered
dire alarm. “Mighn’t he be somebody the
Americans are sending down here on my
trail?”

  “He is Pierre Dubonnet, a French
Apache, who has escaped the conscription
and has a price on his head for a series of
villainous murders, my friend. His story
is most plausible—and we can trust him
implicitly.” The fellow smiled cynically.
“We can always trust French stupidity in
matters of this kind. Especially when we
THE SPY TRAP

25

know the man’s real name and mission
days before he comes to us.”

  “You’re talking over my head,” Elton
persisted. “You mean he isn’t Pierre, an
Apache, with a knife out for his own
people?”

  “I mean that he is really the Lieutenant
Paul Marie d’Estainnez, agent No. 42,
of the French department of military
intelligence, sent here by Colonel Ourq to
outwit the Imperial German military in-
telligence service. You shall observe
presently how well he succeeds, clever
and painstaking rogue though he is.”

  A faint buzzing, barely audible,
sounded in the room. The German agent
drew his chair close to the periscope and
fixed his eyes to the mirrored aperture at
its base. For some moments he gazed in
silence, then sat back and motioned Elton
to move his chair up and observe.

  “Our Frenchman is arriving this mo-
ment,” he said. “Make haste if you wish
to see the spectacle in its entirety.”

       THE CHAMBER from which
he had so recently departed
was as clear to Elton through
the ’scope as if he had been
looking in through a clear window. The
Frenchman was inside now, the secret
door closing behind him, the pudgy little
German attendant motioning him to a
chair. The German menial, whose func-
tions Elton now guessed to be that of
manipulator of the secret doors and
flunkey of all work, retired from the
room at once, reappeared a moment later
with a bottle of wine and withdrew a
second time, leaving the Frenchman
alone.

  The French operative was effectively
disguised as an Apache. He, too, must
have resorted to time and pains in prepa-
ration for the desperate adventure. On
his face was a stubbly, week’s growth of
hair. His face was grimy, his eyes
dissipated and bloodshot, his clothes little
better than filthy rags. His black hair
was tangled and matted under a greasy
cap. Elton saw that the courageous
French agent had not depended upon

paint or makeup, but must have lived
among the Apaches as a background for
his invasion of the secret German haunts.

  There followed a long period in which
the Frenchman merely sat in the room
alone. He carried out his role as an
Apache with the skill of an actor, looking
about him with furtive, ratlike glances,
scratching himself frequently and vigor-
ously, in the manner of one who is vermin
infested, and smoking one black French
cigaret after another. Elton felt pity for
the man as he sat looking at him. Be-
trayed before his arrival . . . without
the slightest chance of escape from that
stone hole, doomed to certain death,
the mysterious death that already had
claimed, one by one, those fifty of his
comrades who had preceded him in the
mad venture.

  Again Elton thanked his own prudence
in having left Colonel Ourq in darkness
of his plans, for there could be no doubt
now of one thing. The Germans had
representation in the French secret ser-
vice. Small wonder the flower of the
French military operatives had failed to
return from the chase.

  “You need not wear out your eyes use-
lessly,” the German interrupted him
after a time. “Other eyes will warn us
when there is anything of interest for us
to observe.”

  “You are going to kill him?” Elton
asked bluntly. His voice was hollow and
sprained in spite of his effort at sang-
froid.

  “On the contrary,” said the other,
“his Excellency would not permit such a
thing as that. It would be so—so un-
necessary.”

  “But didn’t you say he was a French
secret service spy—come here to get us?
Do you let that kind go when you catch
them?”

  The German’s thin blue lips curled
over stained teeth.

  “It is much simpler,” he said, “to give
them the rope and let them hang them-
selves in their own way. It is a more
fitting reward for treachery, as you shall
see very clearly in so short a time.”
26

ARED WHITE

  They sat in silence a long time. The
German nonchalantly lighted a large,
elaborately carved briar pipe and buried
himself in a book, leaving Elton to his
own devices and thoughts. There were
other books on the table but Elton re-
frained from taking one. Interest in a
book at such a time would not fit in with
the role of Private Strothers. He sat
slumped in his chair, his heart depressed
and heavy at the tragic fate he was
certain awaited his helpless ally in the
other room, a fate that might have been
his except for his prudence in guarding
against betrayal. As he waited he
smoked one cigaret after another, not as
a gesture, but to relieve the tension of his
nerves.

  The buzzer rang again, a faint burring
sound, but now having the venomous
malignance of a coiled rattler’s warning.
Elton started. The German operative
laid his book aside with an indolent
movement, moved his chair back to the
periscope and motioned Elton up again.

THE FRENCHMAN, Elton
saw, was now pacing the floor
restlessly. His gait no longer
was the slinking movement of
an Apache renegade, but the stride of a
soldier. His head was up and his eyes
were fixed upon the table as he walked,
the table whose top was littered with
papers and dispatch cases. Each time he
approached the table he paused to look
about the chamber with alert, searching
eyes, to convince himself that he was not
observed.

  A guttural exclamation came from the
German, an inarticulate sound of abiding
satisfaction as the Frenchman stood
furtively over the table.

  “The dunce,” he said. “In another mo-
ment he shall usher himself into hell by
his own treacherous hands.”

  As the Frenchman reached down to the
papers on the table, Elton was swept by
an impulse to cry out in warning. He
felt that the Frenchman’s move would
prove the signal for whatever dire re-
prisal the Kaiser’s agents intended for the

doomed operative. But as the officer
ran deftly through the papers, nothing
happened. He paused at a large sheet of
paper and read it with eyes that became
distended. Whatever information he got
from the document encouraged him to
continue his search avidly, and yet with a
trained operative’s care.

  When he had finished his examination
of the papers on the table, the Frenchman
gingerly took up the dispatch cases, one
by one, and with his eye alternating be-
tween the secret door and the papers,
began going over them one at a time.

  “It is over, my friend,” the German
announced laconically. “There is noth-
ing more of interest.”

  Elton saw with astonishment that the
German had moved back from the ’scope
and was buried in his book. The fellow
glanced up as he felt Elton’s eyes upon
him and spoke casually, without emotion.

  “I would not turn away, my friend,”
he said. “Perhaps what is yet to come
might amuse you—though to me such
sights have become commonplace and
distasteful.” He suppressed a yawn as he
returned to his book.

  His eyes glued back to the periscope,
Elton saw that the strange scene was
unchanged, except that the Frenchman
had drawn his revolver and held it under
the crook of his left arm, ready for the
grip of his right hand in event of surprise.
He continued to explore the dispatch
cases, document by document, with a
quickening of interest, a relaxation of his
alertness, evidently convinced that the
information he gleaned was worth the
risk of his life, was more urgently valuable
than the spy nest itself.

  Why was he permitted to continue his
exploration? Elton asked himself. Were
the Germans merely toying with him as a
cat plays with a helpless mouse? Would
an unseen hand finally send a bullet
crashing into the Frenchman’s heart, or
spring a hidden trap to plunge him into
an underground cavern?

  Even as Elton asked himself these
questions, his nerves on edge, sickened by
his own utter helplessness to intervene,
THE SPY TRAP

27

the answer began to unfold itself. The
Frenchman paused, a sheet of paper in his
hand, and looked about the room in the
startled way of a wild animal that has
sensed danger. In another instant he
had cast the document aside and retreated
across the room, a look of terror mounting
to his face.

  Whatever omen had reached his mind
confirmed itself swiftly. He began mov-
ing around the chamber frantically, ex-
amining the walls for a rift in the trap.
But, unlike a trapped animal, when he
found there was no hope of escape, he
pulled himself together and calmly re-
turned to the table, there to seat himself
and resume the reading of the German
papers.

  The labored heaving of the French
officer’s chest, the greenish pallor that
spread over his features in the passage of
a minute, betrayed to Elton the tragedy
that was being enacted before his eyes.
It was gas in a now airtight chamber that
was sapping the victim’s life. Gas from
unseen jets that the Frenchman himself
had opened by the very act of lifting a
dispatch case. His own official curiosity
had been the means of his wretched end.

WITH magnificent courage
the Frenchman awaited death.
Now that the trap was dis-
closed to him he must have
sensed that relentless enemy eyes ob-
served his cruel ordeal. His face became
placid, undisturbed, unafraid; the face
of a brave man meeting a firing squad
in the line of duty. His head nodded.

  The gas was robbing him slowly of
consciousness. Very shortly he would
pass into the sleep from which there
would be no awakening. As he nodded a
second time and a third, he shook himself,
fought off the icy fingers of death that
were clutching his throat, and got to
his feet. Painfully, he forced his swaying
body into the stiff erectness of a soldier
at attention and raised his hand to the
vizor of his grimy Apache cap in salute.

  “Vive la France/”

  Elton choked back a sob and closed his

•eyes, not daring at the moment to expose
his face lest his emotion betray him to the
German agent’s gaze. When he could
trust himself he moved back his chair.

   “It is over,” he said, his voice low and
 unnatural. A word of tribute to the
 gallant Frenchman rose to his lips. “He
 died like a man—magnificently!”

  “They usually do,” responded the
espion placidly. He laid his book aside
and sat up in his chair. “But no more
magnificently than our own Von Strind-
heim died under the blade of their guillo-
tine.”

  “But I thought—” even the tragedy
was swept aside for the moment by this
amazing statement—“I thought you said
it was the baron—Von Strindheim—who
is—is the one we look to for orders?”
Elton stammered.

   “Quite right, my friend,” responded
the German enigmatically. “His Excel-
lency’s one difficulty is to convince the
French that he lives today, and quite a
load it is upon their credence, since they
saw his head fall into their basket.”

   “But you said he died magnificently!”
 “Indeed, yes. It was sublime, incom-
 parable, the end of a true Prussian. Ex-
 cept, of course, that the heads of really
 capable gentlemen do not really fall into
 any one’s basket. And now that the ruse
 has served its purpose, his Excellency finds
 it stupid to be thought dead, a game too
 one sided for his liking. He feels that
 such security might dull the edges of his
 intellect if permitted to continue. You
 will understand these things the more
 clearly when you have observed the
 hauptmann baron with your own eyes.”
 “Then the baron really is here—and
 I am to see him for myself?”

   “Frequently, no doubt. Since you are
entering our service, the baron will want
to observe you in many ways of his own
choosing. It will remain for you to iden-
tify him for yourself when he is present.
But in the meantime I am instructed to
present you to the Lieutenant Von Hint-
zen, the chief of staff to his Excellency,
who is to set you about your duties at
once.”
28

ARED WHITE

CHAPTER VII	*

TO THE FRONTIER . . .

  AT THE end of a network of dark
walled-in hallways, Elton was left
standing alone while his escort
disappeared through another sliding door.
His wait was very brief this time. The
wall opened, a voice bade him enter and
he found himself facing still another oper-
ative, alone, in a large room of stone, but
luxuriously furnished.

   The man sat at a large desk of elabo-
rately carved teak in an immense Oriental
chair of the same material. He motioned
Elton to a chair and sat without speaking
until the fat man-of-all-work appeared
from nowhere, bearing a silver champagne
bucket with a bottle of select wine packed
in ice. Elton saw that he now dealt with
a personage, a quite different sort from
the ones who had previously engaged him,
although, oddly enough, he was of the
same slight build and his physique was
that of the others, except for square, well
set shoulders. His face was keen, aqui-
line, and with an unmistakable arrogance
in the set of the finely molded mouth and
the half closed, indolent eyes.

  “You have been told of me,” he said,
his voice mellow, friendly but self-
contained. “Von Hintzen, the one who
looks after details here for his Excellency
the Hauptmann Baron Erich Wolf Von
Strindheim. You are the American who
is willing to serve us as courier between
Paris and Belfort. On reflection do you
find your situation to your liking?”

  “Why not?” responded Elton vith a
shrug of hopelessness. “I am not in very
good shape to pick my work. This is the
only thing that gives me anything to look
to, except a few feet of American hemp,
with a scaffold on one end and me on the
other.

  “Neatly said!” exclaimed Von Hint-
zen, a whimsical smile flitting across his
passive face. There was an indefinable
insinuation in his voice as he added,
“You may be assured that his Excellency
will see to it that you are appropriately
rewarded for your efforts, regardless of

what reward your operations shall merit!”

  He opened the champagne with his own
hand and filled two glasses, passing one
to Elton.

  “A bit of wine after your observations
this afternoon, which must have been
rather unpleasant,” he proposed. “And
since we drink—a toast! To his Imperial
Majesty, Wilhelm, King of Prussia!”
Von Hintzen stood at this and drank,
snapping the shank of his glass as he
drained it.

  Elton followed his example. Von Hint-
zen puzzled him. The succeeding line of
interrogators puzzled him, each with his
exact knowledge of what had transpired
before. The enigma of Von Hintzen was
heightened by the magnificence of the
room in which he was quartered, the full
richness of its appointments catching
Elton’s eye as he looked boldly about
him.

  It must have been thirty feet in length
and perhaps twenty-four feet across. On
the stone floor was a rich Persian rug of
the finest weave. Tapestries worth a
small fortune hung from the walls, while
the chairs and trappings were suitable
for an imperial lounge. There was in the
air, instead of the damp smell of stone, a
faint pleasing odor of a rare incense that
burned from unseen lamps.

  One curious detail that attracted him
was the array of flowers. Flowers of vari-
ous species literally flooded the room.
There were beautiful glass and silver
vases of them on the desk, on small tables
over the room; flowers festooned along the
walls, arranged on the floor. Strangely,
they were not of the choicest. A few
bunches of roses were outnumbered by
large arrays of ordinary daisies, common
dog fennel, poppies—flowers of the French
fields.

EVEN as Elton was wondering
at Von Hintzen’s queer pen-
chant, the menial came through
the door bearing a pasteboard
box which he delivered to the Prussian.
Von Hintzen opened the parcel—a large
bouquet of fennel—upon which his eyes
THE SPY TRAP

29

beamed with satisfaction as he arranged
it carefully in a silver bowl on his desk.
Except for the flowers, a gold inkwell,
pen, pencils and a small pad of paper, the
top of the desk was bare. No papers, no
documents, no maps appeared.

  “You were impressed, my friend,”
Von Hintzen proceeded, “with the—ah—
most unfortunate death of the gallant
Frenchman a few moments ago. In fact
I might say your sympathies were deeply
stirred.”

  “I never saw a man die quite like that,”
Elton parried. “It upset me a bit, for
sure. I didn’t think the French were
quite—quite like that.”

  “You might have felt differently,” said
Von Hintzen, “had you seen the French
blade descend upon the head of a gallant
German soldier not so long ago.” There
was both pride and bitterness in the
German’s voice. “Think of the sublime
courage of an ordinary fellow, a mere com-
mon under officer of the Prussian Guards,
who laughs at the French kiss of death,
as they call their wretched guillotine; who
dies like a rat to fill a nameless grave—in
the service of the Fatherland!”

  “I was just told it was the baron him-
self who was sentenced to the knife,”
Elton ventured, intent on learning at last
the evasive details of Von Strindheim’s
mysterious escape.

  Von Hintzen sneered.

  “The stupid French intelligence was
certain of it. They lacked the imagina-
tion, the thoroughness to suspect the
truth; nor are they capable of believing
it now with the evidence before their
eyes. In reality the man whose life they
took was Feldwebel Hans Schwarz, a man
of his Excellency’s former regiment, a
man devotedly attached to the Haupt-
mann Baron Erich Wolf Von Strindheim,
and who bore only a passing resemblance
to the baron. Yet how they prated and
strutted over their feat of trapping his
Excellency.”

  The lieutenant lighted a brown pana-
tella cigar and puffed reflectively, his
eyes half closed. But Elton saw that the
eyes under the drooping lids burned with

a covert alertness that observed every
movement of his American hostage’s eyes
and face.

  “I do not hesitate to tell you all,” the
officer went on. “German thoroughness
foresees events by many years. A gentle-
man of his Excellency’s talent leaves little
to chance. Since he foresaw that one day
the French intelligence service would
want the baron in their clutches, he es-
tablished the Feldwebel in that role
while he worked on unknown. You can
see, my friend, what happened. They
merely arrested the man they knew as
his Excellency, tried him, executed him
and congratulated themselves upon their
cleverness. Yet the fine part of it all, as
I have said, was the magnificence in which
the Feldwebel sacrificed himself. But his
grave shall not be nameless. Afready his
Imperial Majesty has conferred upon
Feldwebel Schwarz the order of the Iron
Cross—and at the proper time, a bronze
memorial shall be placed in Koln to the
brave fellow’s memory. I cite these facts
merely that you may realize the clever-
ness and the courage of the Prussian
arms—the immutable fact that we are
destined to triumph!”

  As he heard the mystery of Von Strind-
heim’s reappearance on earth thus ex-
plained Elton controlled his surprise,
clinging to the thought of his role, to the
mental attitude of Private Strothers, lest
those boring eyes penetrate his sham.
He offered no comment and the Prussian
did not invite his opinion.

  “But I have a mission for you—” The
lieutenant changed the subject. “I am
sending you immediately to Belfort on a
journey, one of sentiment which involves
no risk. Are you prepared to assume
your duties immediately?”

  “Is there not the risk that I will be
picked up by the American military po-
lice the minute I show myself?” Elton
asked, shifting nervously in his chair.

  “A risk, to be certain,” said Von Hint-
zen abruptly. He added with a disagree-
able emphasis, “But hardly any such risk
as that taken by the gallant Frenchman
whom you admired so deeply—nor by
30

ARED WHITE

our own Feldwebel Schwarz. In fact
you will face little risk at all, although it
is not possible, my friend, to have a part
in a great war without taking some
chances. We’ll furnish you with a most
effective disguise and you will have the
support of his Excellency at every turn.”
“Well, I’m not afraid of a little risk,”
retorted Elton. “But I never tried a
disguise. It always seemed to me like a
disguise was sure to attract more people
than it would fool.”

  “A clumsy disguise, yes. But we will
send you in the uniform of a military
police lieutenant of the American Army.
The M. P. brassard will take you past the
American apd French barriers without
the least question—thanks to their stupid
inefficiency.”

  “I’m* ready then,” Elton asserted.
“But I do wish there was something I
could do besides spy work.”

  Von Hintzen’s thin mouth stiffened.

  “I do not like that term!” he snapped.
“You are working for an important and
highly honorable branch of the military
service, as a part of the most useful body
in France. Spy is a poor word, one I
detest. Besides, on your first trip, I am
requiring you to do nothing more than
deliver some flowers to a lady in Belfort
who is ill—a very dear friend of his
Excellency.”

  “Well, you got my word that I’ll go
through—and that stands,” Elton af-
firmed.

  “One last word.” The officer leaned
across the table and spoke through com-
pressed lips. “If you attempt treachery—
Well, you have seen what happens!
His Excellency has the resources to fol-
low you to the ends of the earth. Treach-
ery will never be forgiven any man this
side of hell. I do not mind telling you
that his Excellency is suspicious of you.
His intuitions warn him to have nothing
to do with you. But—a misfortune in the
Vosges Mountains closed our communica-
tions there a short time since—and we
need the services of an American courier
to Belfort.”

  The fellow sat back in his chair and

relaxed. He regarded Elton for a time
with a hint of ironical amusement.

  “If you will pardon my frankness,” he
said, “his Excellency insists that you are
an exceptionally clever rogue, here for no
good purpose. There are two reasons
why we are discounting the Hauptmann
Baron Erich’s thought. First, we run no
risk, since you are the one who will suffer
in event of treachery. Second, his Excel-
lency admits he may be mistaken since
you are an—an American—and, there-
fore, not one to cause us much concern in
event of treachery. Americans, under-
stand me, are not stupid folks—merely
primitive, and rather simple.”

  “I’m going to do my best to make good
on the job,” Elton averred, the other’s
subtle affront to his nationality seeming
to be lost upon him.

  “In event you win his Excellency’s
favor,” said Von Hintzen, “you will be an
exceedingly fortunate and favored man.
But come—it is time that you must be
on your way to Belfort.”

       VON HINTZEN himself su-
pervised Elton’s departure on
his initial mission in the Em-
peror’s service. First he fitted
him with an olive drab uniform of ap-
proved weave and cut, the coat of fine
serge, the breeches of Bedford cord,
Cordovan puttees and Sam Browne belt,
cap of latest American design, collar orna-
ments, an M. P. arm brassard, every de-
tail complete. The Prussian, with a few
deft touches of razor and pencil, changed
the shape of Elton’s eyebrows and with
clippers he close cropped his shock of
blond hair.

  “Odd as it may seem,” the German
commented as he surveyed his handiwork,
“you could pass through your own com-
pany without being recognized.” The
secret of a disguise is to use skill in the
details and make it very simple. A
change of posture serves much better
than four feet of false hair. You must
remember to stand very straight and
keep your shoulders well back, which is
not your natural way of standing.”
THE SPY TRAP

31

  Disguise completed, Von Hintzen ini-
tiated his new secret courier into the
mystery of entering and leaving the un-
derground rendezvous. Elton’s amaze-
ment grew as he saw the intricate under-
ground devices that hemmed in German
espionage. Years of guarded work by
trusted workmen, before the war storm
broke, must have gone into the develop-
ment of this spy nest from which the re-
sourceful baron directed his minions. An
impregnable fortress of steel would have
been far less secure against French assault.
Although he was admitted for the present
into the secrets of but one means of
egress, Elton saw clearly the impossibility
of taking the trap by force—at least with-
out allowing its denizens ample time in
which to escape to another prepared
rendezvous.

  After traversing a network of walled-in
corridors with innumerable twists and
sharp turns, Von Hintzen led the way
through a sliding trap in the floor to a
second underground labyrinth, set some
twenty feet below the first. A tangled
network of halls ended in a gloomy bare
chamber some twenty feet square, in
which there was no indication of door or
window.

  This, the Prussian tersely explained,
was the point of departure and entrance
which Elton would use. On leaving the
room he would find himself in a subway
station. He would board the train for
Avenue de la Montrez, get off at that
stop, make his presence known to a taxi
driver whose vehicle would be waiting for
him in the street, and proceed to the point
where a sidecar motorcycle would be
waiting. Von Hintzen gave him minute
instructions on the route to be followed
in traveling to Belfort, his movements
upon arrival there, the secret means of
regaining admittance to the rendezvous
when he returned.

  “And now, my friend, you will deliver
these flowers to Mile. Dupre, at number
1214 of the Rue Aignan,” said Von
Hintzen. He handed Elton a large bou-
quet of ordinary dog fennel, the stems
bound together with wire. “His Excel-

lency sends no dispatches, merely this
token of his solicitation for mademoiselle’s
good health. You will carry them in your
musette bag.”

  “It is only fair for me to know,” said
Elton, “if they carry hidden papers? In
event I am stopped—”

  “Have no uneasiness on account of the
flowers, my friend,” Von Hintzen re-
assured him. “It would not matter in the
least to us if they fell into the hands of the
French secret service. Nor will you be
called upon to carry secret documents
back with you when you return from Bel-
fort, although if mademoiselle should
send some token to his Excellency, deliver
it into my hands and no other. And now,
adieu, Herr Strothers, and bon voyage.”

  Without further ado the Prussian es-
corted Elton to a corner of the chamber,
placed him close against the wall and
then disappeared back into the secret
labyrinth. A small opening appeared in
the wall, its mechanism controlled from
overhead by a lookout who saw when the
coast was clear. Elton found himself de-
livered into an obscure corner of a Parisian
subway station. A gendarme stood near-
by but paid no attention to the American
upon whose arm appeared the unques-
tioned passport of an M. P. brassard.
Something about the gendarme stirred
Elton, but he put it down to nervousness
and hurried into the crowd to await his
train.

  It was a tedious ride in the stuffy, slow
moving French subway to Avenue de la
Montrez, where he got out. He caught
his breath at sight of the identical gen-
darme leaving the car immediately ahead
of him, but the officer disappeared in the
crowd without a glance in Elton’s direc-
tion; and while he put the circumstance
down to coincidence, nevertheless Elton
proceeded by a circuitous route to the
awaiting taxicab. The driver acknowl-
edged the secret sign of recognition—a
covert movement of the hands—admitted
Elton to the cab and drove off at high
speed, turning and weaving in and out
among obscure, narrow streets for more
than an hour before he brought up in an
32

ARED WHITE

alleyway in the outskirts of the city,
where an Army motorcycle with sidecar
awaited.

CHAPTER VIII

FENNEL AND PHOTOS

THE SUN was low in the west as
Elton sped through the suburbs of
Paris and flashed into the smooth
country road that led through Provins
and on in the direction of Belfort. The
rush of the balmy June air in his face
stimulated his jaded mind after the long
confinement in the stuffy underworld of
Paris. When he was well past Provins
he slowed down the better to reflect upon
the developments, upon the hidden pur-
pose that was behind his present mis-
sion to the French border city.

  Even though he had penetrated the
Prussian spy nest in Paris, had even been
accepted as a secret courier, what hope
offered itself that he would be able to
capture Von Strindheim and his spy clan?
A feeling akin to despair gripped him as
he reflected upon the difficulty that beset
his course. The mystery of the spy chief-
tain’s underground citadel and of Von
Strindheim’s escape from the guillotine
had dissolved into simple explanation.
But he had seen piled up the evidence
of Von Strindheim’s resourcefulness, the
devilish ingenuity in which the Prussian
entrenched himself in the very heart of
Paris. Even if he brought a whole French
sapper regiment to bear on the place,
surrounding it with armed men and tun-
neling into its underground network, his
coup would avail him nothing better than
an empty trap. And as for ensnaring the
brains of the crew, Von Strindheim him-
self—Elton remembered that he had not
been permitted so much as a fleeting
glimpse at the rascal, nor the slightest
clew to his habits of coming and going.

  If he had hope that the flowers which
he carried to Belfort might yield some
light, Elton found himself baffled again
when he halted in a deserted hedge along
the highway and examined the bouquet.

Much to his surprise he found there was
no secret message concealed in flowers or
stems. Why, he demanded of himself at
this disclosure, was he rushing across the
face of France carrying a bunch of stale
dog fennel? Had the baron sent roses,
it might have hinted at amour; surely dog
fennel was an odd medium by which to
express tender sentiments to a lady. It
must be, he concluded finally, that this
journey was a test, a part of his proba-
tion, perhaps a stall for time while his
antecedents were more closely investi-
gated by the baron. For the present,
then, there was nothing to do but follow
his instructions faithfully and await the
budding of future developments.

  Belfort, and his brief visit to the
chateau of Mile. Dupre in the environs of
the border city, merely added depth to the
enigma of his present journey. It was
shortly after midnight when he ferreted
out the chateau, an elegant country es-
tate two kilometers from the city, in the
direction of the Swiss frontier. There
were no lights showing in the place, but
his arrival must have been expected since
a cow faced domestic responded promptly
to his knock and after acknowledging the
Von Strindheim pass-sign, escorted him
into a bed chamber on the floor above and
to the rear of the imposing residence.
There he found a gray haired woman,
pale, wasted and seemingly very ill, who
might have been of either French or Ger-
man lineage, though he guessed she came
from that racial blend common to the
region of Alsace-Lorraine.

  “I am instructed,” said Elton without
formality, “to deliver to Mile. Dupre
these flowers sent from Paris by a devoted
friend.”

  “I am Mile. Dupre,” said the woman in
a low, weak voice, taking the flowers, her
eyes lighting upon them as if they had
been orchids. “I am very grateful for
them.” She looked at them caressingly
for a moment and laid them beside her
pillow. “And when does monsieur return
to Paris?” she inquired.

  “Immediately, mademoiselle,” said El-
ton. “Such are my instructions—to re-
THE SPY TRAP

33

port back by sixteen of the clock, which
means I have little time to lose.”

  “Will you be so generous as to deliver
this photograph?” she asked. From
under her pillow she drew a large mounted
picture of a group of soldiers. “I am very
grateful to you,” she added. “May the
Lord protect you and deliver you safely
back in Paris. This poor token may
prove a great solace to his Excellency.
Bon voyage, monsieur.”

OUT ON the highway again,
Elton rode like the wind. The
photograph stung him with
impatience, impatience to ex-
amine its details; yet caution prompted
him to put Belfort far behind him before
pausing to look at the picture. That it
held the secret of his journey to Belfort
seemed next to certain—a message of
some sort from Imperial headquarters
to the baron at Paris, sent through the
medium of the invalid’s chateau which,
probably, was nothing more than a relay
station in the chain of spy communica-
tions.

  He risked passing the French barrier
some ten kilometers out of Belfort, and
the American barrier at Vesoul, with the
photograph lying face downward in the
bottom of his sidecar attachment. That
was safer, he reasoned, than secreting it
about his person. If it was found he
could claim that he picked it up along the
roadside. But neither the French nor
American sentinels detained him for
more than a moment, passing him at
sight of the magical M. P. insignia at his
sleeve. In a narrow, hedge lined country
lane, he turned off to park his motorcycle
in a thicket and thrust the photo under
the powerful rays of his headlight.

  The picture disclosed no more than
had the pungent bouquet of dog fennel.
Study it as he might, it revealed nothing.
It was a group of British soldiers, ar-
ranged in double rank and standing
at ease in lax military formation. An
arrow penned at the top of the picture
pointed downward to one of the soldiers,
a scrawny fellow who looked directly into

the lens of the camera. A circle of ink
framed the soldier’s head and underneath
was scrawled in English the legend: “Our
beloved nephew”. On the reverse side
there were no markings, no slightest hint
of pen dipped in invisible ink. At the
end of a puzzled examination of every
detail of the photo, Elton could only con-
clude that the picture was as meaningless,
or as inscrutable, as the flowers he had
carried to Mile. Dupre.

  But Lieutenant Von Hintzen’s eyes
quickened into a glow of satisfaction
when he received the photograph from
Elton’s hand that afternoon. At the hour
of four, the precise time set for Elton’s
readmittance to the underground laby-
rinth of Von Strindheim, the lieutenant
himself was at the entrance chamber to
receive the American courier. The lieu-
tenant neglected formality of any sort
as his eye fell upon the picture under
Elton’s arm, and he fairly snatched it
away, his eyes dancing hungrily as he
drank in its detail. Elton saw now that
it was no innocent photograph he had
brought from the chateau of Mile. Dupre.

  “You have done very well,” the Prus-
sian commented. “I trust you encoun-
tered no difficulty with the military bar-
riers along the highway.” He added
with a slightly disagreeable smile, “Ameri-
cans are judged so primitive no one
suspects them, and as for suspicion of their
own kind, they are too simple. What a
shame they have been lured into this
war on the side of the stupid Allies.
They shall learn their horrible error only
when it is too late to turn back.”

  The lieutenant paused to take a cigaret
from his jeweled gold case, light it and
proffer one to 1 3 ton.

  “I might say, ’ he added, his eyes upon
the courier through a cloud of gray smoke,
“that his Excellency is pleased with your
trip to Belfort, although I warn you that
he has not put aside his suspicion of you.
Tomorrow/ you go again to the frontier,
and in the meantime you are free to rest.
I will escort you to your quarters where
your wants will be amply cared for.”

  Elton’s quarters proved to be a com-
34

AJEtED WHITE

fortable chamber, although without visi-
ble door or window. When the secret
door closed upon him he found himself
as hopelessly imprisoned as if he had been
confined to the money vaylt of a great
bank. The room was lighted with a single
incandescent and fresh air was pumped in
through hidden vents. A bed, an easy
lounging chair, French newspapers and
several novels in English offered him their
comforts.

  While he pretended to relax in the
pages of a newspaper, his mind was active
with the incident of the photograph.
Von Hintzen’s reaction to the picture,
the Prussian’s loss of his customary sang-
froid at sight of the photo, revealed with
certainty that it was a document of im-
portance, even though any hint of its
import had escaped Elton’s keen eyes.
Another circumstance had caught his
eye—the behavior of Von Hintzen’s
eyebrows when he received Elton. His
brows had moved rapidly up and down,
a recurrence of the nervous twitch that
had afflicted the German agent who had
staged the French officer’s tragic death.
Inconsequential as that might seem, he
listed it carefully in his mind for future
reference and observation. A third cir-
cumstance had escaped him until this
moment. As he lighted the cigaret Von
Hintzen had given him his eyes caught a
familiar mark. On its wrapping was
stamped a coronet and underneath, the
significant script letters: “VS”. Another
cigaret from the private stock of Von
Strindheim.

IT WAS not until the Prussian
was ready for Elton to leave
for Belfort the next afternoon
that he was permitted to leave
the sealed chamber to which his meals had
been brought him as usual,, by the dumpy
guardian of the secret doors. He had used
the weary hours of confinement for a
minute analysis of every incident and
circumstance of his underworld adven-
ture. That process cheered him little,
for it gave him small hope of an early
success to his intricate mission. At pres-

ent his 6est deductions were little more
than suspicions, he admitted to himself.
And out of it there loomed the gloomy
shadow of possible failure, of being effec-
tually outwitted by the wily Von Strind-
heim, of being used as a courier the while
his quarry laughed at him from cover,
ready to spring the death trap at the very
first suspicion of treachery.

  Von Hintzen again escorted him to the
outer chamber. The Prussian appeared in
high spirits. He inquired solicitously
after Elton’s comfort, and though Elton
listened acutely for the slightest hint of
mockery in the other’s voice he could only
conclude that the Prussian’s politeness
was genuine. He seized the opportunity,
for which he had been waiting, to ask
the return of his pistol.

  “Ah, my friend,” said Von Hintzen,
“but a pistol is such a feeble weapon. It
is so much more secure to depend upon
one’s wits and, besides, his Excellency
is opposed to violence of any kind. It
is so—ah—messy and needless.”

  “A good automatic might spell the
difference between reaching Belfort, or
not reaching it,” Elton persisted stoutly.
“Or I might conceivably be trailed to this
very place by the secret service.”

  The Prussian laughed.

  “A pistol can not cope with an army,”
he replied. “If you shoot while on the
highway you are lost. As for a weapon
here—it is so unnecessary. I will show
you.”

  He stepped to a corner of the room and
pressed a hidden spring in the wall which
precipitated a section of the floor violently
downward.

  “Even if the secret service should batter
their .way inside,” he explained, “they
would merely find themselves plunged
into the great sewer under Paris, to make
their way to the Seine as best they might.
Or if they escaped that, what then?
There are ample chambers in which they
would find themselves secured, from
which they would never reappear.”

  “But if they kept out of the secret
rooms?” Elton said.

  Again the lieutenant laughed.
THE SPY TRAP

35

  “There is no chamber nor space in his
Excellency’s establishment that is not
a death chamber, if need be, for treach-
erous hands. And they would die without
his Excellency’s intervention for, as you
have seen, his Excellency is a gentleman
of great heart as well as great mind, who
requires that those who must die do so
by their own hand. But precious time
passes, Herr Strothers. We have im-
portant duties to occupy our time.”

  If he had expected to receive secret
documents on his second trip to Belford,
Elton was deeply puzzled when the lieu-
tenant handed him nothing more than a
second cluster of dog fennel.

  “As I have explained,” said Von Hint-
zen, noting the courier’s surprise, “his
Excellency is a kindly man and so long
as mademoiselle is ill at Belfort he will
have her always in his thoughts. The
instructions are precisely the same as
those you received before—and pray do
not risk yourself needlessly in delivering
them. Bon jour, Herr Strothers. Do not
risk yourself to no purpose.”

  The same heavy jowled French taxi
driver awaited him when Elton left the
subway train at Avenue de la Montrez.
Half an hour later he was whirling like
mad out of Paris, through Provins, driven
by a consuming impatience to find a safe
place in w hich to reckon with the mystery
that he was now certain lurked in that
knot of dog fennel. There was no longer
any doubt that the flowers conveyed some
secret information into Germany. That
secret he must discover without further
delay.

HE CURSED his stupidity of
the day before, when he put
the baron’s bouquet to a second
search. Almost immediately
he detected a token that was unmistak-
able in its significance—a very slight
clipping of the ends of the petals. With
this discovery he took up a study of each
flower, taking pains not to disturb the
arrangement of the cluster, nor to detach
a single petal.

  This search yielded a further illuminat-

ing discovery. The petals had been pared
in different lengths, ranging from the
minutest fractions of an inch to perhaps
half an inch. Occasionally a petal or a
group of pet<ils had been plucked out al-
together. ’

  “An alphabet cipher message,” he told
himself. A smile of satisfaction wreathed
his face. Even though Von Strindheim
was suspicious of him, at least he would
hardly suspect that he might be dealing
with an expert in the breaking down of
secret ciphers.

  A glance at his watch told Elton that
he could spare two hours and yet reach
Belfort in time to return to Paris by four
o’clock of the next afternoon. With pen-
cil and paper he set himself to the task
of extracting the symbols from the dog
fennel. An hour of labor netted him
definite progress toward the key to un-
locking the mystery. There were five
lengths cut in the petals. Adding the
missing petals suggested six columns or a
division of the alphabet into six columns.

  The most frequent column of letters
was that symbolized by very slight cuts,
the clipping of the veriest fragment from
the tip of a petal. He deduced from the
arrangement that the length of the cut
indicated the particular letter column
intended, the number of successive cuts
of a particular length, the exact position
of the letter in that column. He laid
out the alphabet in the six columns and
began experimenting with the headings.
The high frequency of the very short cuts
suggested the letter “E” which appears
most frequently in ordinary usage in the
English language. From that beginning
he worked out his headings. For con-
venience in manipulating his worksheet,
he numbered the columns, each number
indicating a cut-length. Another hour
of effort and the secret key clicked in the
lock. His worksheet read:

1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 
a  f  k  P  u   z 
b  e  1  q  V     
c  h  m  r  w     
d  i  n  s  X     
e  j  o  t  y     

36

ARED WHITE

  With the number and kind of petal-
cuts on each flower of the bouquet laid
out on paper, it was the work of only a
few minutes to transcribe the secret mes-
sage from his worksheet, now that he had
the key. Thus each petal that was cut
very slightly at the tip referred to the
first column of letters. If a single petal
was cut, it meant the first letter in that
column—“A”; if five successive petals
were cut, it referred to the fifth letter in
the column or “E”. A missing petal re-
ferred, in the same way, to the fifth col-
umn, two missing petals in succession
leading directly to the letter “V”. The
symbols dissolved into letters, the letters
grouped themselves into words, the words
into sentences. The full message read:

    French people reacting to editorial pressure
  for peace parley. Paper influence so valuable
  I am personally directing editorial propaganda,
  passing as French journalist. This in addition
  to my six other rdles which makes it urgent that
  funds for completion of purchase of Le Journal
  be sent from New York immediately to relieve
  me of financial details. Political and military
  situation unchanged.

                      -VON STRINDHEIM

  The meaning of the message disclosed
itself to Elton as he rode. He remem-
bered the French editorial comment that
had disturbed his peace of mind when the
paper was delivered to him along with Von
Strindheim’s first monogrammed cigaret.
He remembered German propaganda
operations in the United States before
America declared war. Propaganda, the
weapon which was to help the German
armies conquer the world. One sentence
stood out in his mind, danced alluringly
before his eyes: “I am personally direct-
ing editorial propaganda, passing as
French journalist.” And a second line:
“This in addition to my six other roles . .

  By good fortune he got past the mili-
tary barriers along the highway without
being delayed for examination and, his
machine working perfectly, pulled into
Belfort on schedule. His stay there was
nothing more than a reenactment of his
previous visit, Mile. Dupre weakly hand-
ing him a second photograph from her
sick bed.

  “It is a much clearer picture than the
poor one I sent before,” she explained.
“My dear friend will be so glad to receive
it from your hand, monsieur.”

  Elton bowed himself out of her presence
at once, without attempting to engage her
in conversation. Time, he felt, was now
more precious than anything this woman
might unwittingly disclose. Besides, she
had confirmed one fact by her simple
statement, the fact that Elton was not
wholly trusted. They were depending on
his simplicity rather than his loyalty for
the security of their messages.

  Racing on Paris at a dangerous speed,
he gained what he estimated as thirty
minutes by high, noon and halted in
another obscure lane to study the photo-
graph. It was identical with the first
picture in every superficial detail. The
same men stood in the same postures, in
the same loose military formation. To
all appearances it was simply a second
print, a slightly clearer one than the first.
The English nephew was not singled out
in ink this time, but at the bottom of the
picture was written the line—

This is a clearer print of our dear nephew.

 He examined the words for code
meaning. They yielded no trace of hid-
den meaning. The message must be in
the photograph itself, he told himself.
But where, and how? The last of his
precious time was close at hand when
his eye caught a curious detail. Few of
the men were looking at the camera
when the picture was taken. In a posed
picture men invariably look straight at
the camera lens, or in that direction.
With this clew he searched the picture
again. Its secret suddenly leaped up
from the print. He saw that some of the
men looked slightly to the right, others
slightly to the left, a few straight ahead,
others up, others down. The purpose was
clear. An alphabet cipher message, its
words conveyed by the eyes of the sol-
diers, allied prisoners forced to pose as
they were told.

  On the theory that the Germans had
used the same cipher system used in the
THE SPY TRAP

37

flowers, he set to work breaking it down.
It yielded promptly to this test. Direc-
tion of gaze indicated one of six columns
of the divided alphabet. The number of
men looking in unison in that direction
located the particular letter intended.
Slowly but surely he wrote down the let-
ters, divided them into words and read
the result:

    Lieut. Von Schiller who should have reported
  yesterday is dependable and able for use at
  American headquarters. He will remain at
  your disposal for the time being—

                         —CLAUSSWITZ

 When he had read the two messages
again and again, memorizing every word,
he burned the sheet of paper upon which
he had written them, stamped the ashes
into the ground, and proceeded to Paris.
The hidden entrance in the subway sta-
tion moved aside to admit him the mo-
ment he presented himself, exactly at the
designated hour for his return. But in-
side Von Hintzen had not emerged from
his inner lair to receive the message from
Belfort. The chamber was empty.

CHAPTER IX

ELTON ACTS

HALF an hour elapsed, half an hour
in which Elton felt the stirrings
of anxiety. Could it be possible
that he had been shadowed, his long
halts along the countryside detected?
Or had the time of passing given points
en route been checked by resident German
agents? German thoroughness would
leave nothing to chance. But he found
reassurance in the contempt with which
American intelligence was regarded by
the Prussian army. They would hardly
be concerned with a fear that their cun-
ning cipher would be unraveled.

 Sounds of footsteps roused him. Von
Hintzen was coming at last, and Elton,
seated on the floor in a corner of the room,
rested his head upon his knees in the
natural pose of a wearied courier. He
heard the other enter the chamber and
approach.

  “I am sent by his Excellency to receive
from you a certain photograph,” an-
nounced an unfamiliar voice.

  Elton stood up. Before him was a
young man in civilian clothes, a man
of perhaps twenty-four, whose straight
shoulders and stiff posture told of military
service. The fellow might have been an
American, with his clear cut features, his
frank, open expression and his accent
when he spoke. Elton, in a swift sum-
mary of the man, judged him an Austrian
of the better class—or perhaps even an
Alsatian German, or a German-American.

  “Mein Gott in Himmell”

  The man gave a sharp exclamation, one
in which fear and rage were mingled. At
the moment he was receiving the photo-
graph from Elton’s hands. He let it drop
from his hands.

. “What’s gone wrong now?” Elton de-
manded blankly, searching the other’s
face in vain for some explanation of the
outcry.

  “So it is you again?” The fellow had
recovered from the shock of his first
glimpse of the American’s face. His eyes
blazed in fury as he added through
clenched teeth, “This time it shall be a
different story. Mein Gott, it is a voice
from heaven that brought me here—be-
fore it was too late.”

  Elton’s mind grasped the peril in a
flash. The German had identified him—a
positive recognition in which there was
no uncertainty. A spy nest east of
Belfort, which he had uncovered on
the American Front two weeks before,
swept through his mind. One espion had
escaped the net there. This must be that
man, come to Paris to serve Von Strind-
heim.

  The German was backing slowly out of
the chamber, his face twisted into a malig-
nant grin of triumph, when Elton sprang
toward him. The fellow stepped to one
side to avoid the impact. Elton missed
and crashed against the wall. In a flash
he had recovered himself and rushed a
second time to grapple with the man be-
fore he could sound an alarm or withdraw
from the chamber. The German whipped
38

ARED WHITE

out a long bladed knife and raised the
weapon in defense.

  “I have no wish to kill you,” the Ger-
man said, regaining something of his self-
control. He held the knife.ready to strike.
“But if you rush again I shall be forced to
let you impale yourself upon my blade.”
As Elton hesitated before the threat
of the glittering blade, the German re-
sumed his movement out of the chamber.
Elton gathered himself for a final plunge
at the fellow’s throat. He knew full
well the fate that awaited him once his
antagonist was clear of the hole. Then
he would be without even a fighting
chance, a rat in a trap, left to die of
suffocation. Besides, there was some-
thing more than his life at stake—his
mission—perhaps the lives of thousands.

ELTON precipitated himself
forward with the sudden fury
of a trained boxer and whipped
a swift, devastating hook from
short range at the other’s jaw. The blow
landed fairly. The German, with a cry
of rage and pain, lunged viciously with his
knife, but a split fraction of a second too
late to reach Elton’s hand or arm. And
before the fellow could orient his groggy
senses, Elton was upon him, one hand
choking off his breath against outcry,
the other twisting his knife wrist with
the power of a tourniquet.

  There was a primitive, barbaric fury
in the struggle that followed. Both
fought with the desperation of men who
know they fight to the death, their pas-
sions fired by war lust and fanned to white
heat by the instinct of self-preservation.
It was one man’s life or the other’s.
There could be no truce, no backing down.
Elton fought aggressively, seeking to
strangle, to gain possession of the knife, to
end the conflict quickly in the knowledge
that time was allied against him. The
German fought defensively, struggling
to loosen the clutch upon his windpipe,
to retain his grip of the knife, to delay
the combat until other denizens of the
spy nest would be attracted to his rescue.
The grip at the German’s throat began

to tell. He grasped spasmodically at the
hand that was crushing the life out of him.
In doing so he released momentarily the
iron tension of his knife arm. Elton, his
fighting instinct keyed up to the highest
pitch of alertness, instantly seized the
advantage. He threw all of his strength
against the knife and plunged the Ger-
man’s wrist sharply inward.

  A stifled gasp escaped the German’s
tortured throat at the thrust of the blade.
His body sagged, his strength snapped and
he went to the stone floor. Elton seized
the knife in his own hand. But he lacked
the cold heartlessness to strike a fatal
blow upon a man who already was dying.
Instead he moved the German to the cen-
ter of the floor and searched the wall for
the secret spring. In a moment the trap
door sprung open and there was a heavy
splash in the foul water below.

  His own strength vanished as the crisis
passed. His legs buckled under him and
he sank in weakness to the floor. Elton
sat there without effort to rise, his body
convulsed by the ague of sudden exhaus-
tion, until he was goaded into animation
by the sound of a sharp voice. He recog-
nized the voice of Von Hintzen and got to
his feet with an effort.

  “What is the meaning of this!” Lieu-
tenant Von Hintzen exclaimed sharply.
His eyes were searching the chamber.
They came to rest upon Elton.

  With an effort Elton rallied his flagging
senses and turned to face this new crisis.

  “I was attacked viciously—while try-
ing to carry out your orders, sir,” he
said.

 “Attacked—by whom—carrying out
what orders?” There was a rising passion
in Von Hintzen’s voice.

  “Your orders that the photograph from
Mile. Dupre should be surrendered only
to your hands,” said Elton. “I presume
by the fellow’s vigor in trying to over-
power me and take the picture he must
have been of the secret police. But the
Lord was on our side and I delivered you
the picture, as you directed.”

  Von Hintzen took the photograph
from Elton’s outstretched hand without
THE SPY TRAP

39

looking at it. His eyes were burrowing
into the American.

  “A smooth one, eh?” he said half
aloud. “And to what extent did you in-
jure him before you dropped him below?”
“I turned his own knife upon him, held
in his own hand, as his Excellency would
have done it,” said Elton. “He will not
be back.”

  “Fool!” snarled Von Hintzen. “The
man was Lieutenant Von Schiller of our
own service. You will pay—” He broke
off abruptly and his mood changed; his
voice became sympathetic. “But how
could you know, my friend?” he asked
with a wry smile. “You were right in
refusing to disobey your orders from his
Excellency. It was Von Schiller’s un-
happy mistake. But how sad that he
should find such an end—the gallant
Von Schiller. Him with the Iron Cross
of the second class for extraordinary
heroism in battle, to find a grave in the
sewer of Paris.”

  The officer lighted a cigaret and handed
one to Elton, a cigaret bearing the coro-
net of Von Strindheim.

  “So it must go in war,” he added with
a shrug of the shoulders that closed the
incident of Von Schiller. “Now we must
take up the duty of the moment. You
are very weary, my friend?”

  “I’ll be all right in a few minutes more,”
said Elton.

  “Excellent,” rejoined Von Hintzen.
“It is important that you leave almost
at once for Belfort, with these flowers for
Mile. Dupre.”

  Elton noted for the first time that the
officer carried a thick bunch of fennel,
eloquent assurance that a forced trip
to the frontier had not been devised
suddenly by Von Hintzen for purposes
growing out of the killing of Von Schiller.

  “It is a hard trip, but I can make it if
such are my orders,” he said.

  “The spirit of a true soldier,” said Von
Hintzen. His voice became soft and
flattering. “His Excellency is delighted
with your work and if you succeed again
tonight, I am empowered to assure you
that you will receive a most fitting reward

for what you have done. One moment,
please, and I will see you safely on your
way.”

  Von Hintzen disappeared into the laby-
rinth briefly, reappearing in a long coat
that reached almost to his heels. On his
head was a linen civilian driving cap and
in his hand he carried a lawyer’s leather
brief case. As in an afterthought he took
a sheet of blank paper from the brief case,
extracted a pencil and rapidly jotted down
a message which he sealed in an envelope
and delivered to Elton.

  “Please hand this personal note to
Mile. Dupre,” he smiled graciously. “It
is nothing more than a list of certain
securities in which she will be greatly in-
terested—and yet it is important that
you deliver it into her hands at the earli-
est moment. Again, bon voyage, Herr
Strothers.”

gjjjjpj THE PRUSSIAN turned to the
pg||H exit, bidding Elton to follow
pwWx! him into the subway station
as soon as the lookout gave him
the door. And though Elton was out in
the station almost on Von Hintzen’s heels,
the Prussian had vanished miraculously.
Close at hand stood a French officer of
artillery, faultlessly uniformed, immacu-
lately groomed. Elton saw with a start
that the French officer’s eyes were fast
upon him. As he started to move past,
the Frenchman halted him, politely but
firmly.

  “Pardon, monsieur,” the French officer
challenged in a high pitched official voice.
“But from where does Monsieur ze Lieu-
tenant come at zis moment? One mo-
ment you are not—ze next moment you
are!”

  “I am an American M. P. officer on im-
portant business,” said Elton with annoy-
ance. “By what5 authority do you ques-
tion me?”

  “Ze authority militaire!” shot back the
officer. “I am of ze intelligence service of
ze armee frangaise. Please to permit zat
I examine ze carte identite.”

  “With pleasure, monsieur,” said Elton.
He exhibited the excellent forgery that
40

ARED WHITE

had been provided him against just such
an emergency by the painstaking Von
Hintzen.

  “Bon!” exclaimed the Frenchman, pass-
ing back the identification card. “Now
ze orders of travel?”

  “Now see here,” Elton protested, fixing
the Frenchman with a bellicose glare.
“You’re interfering with an American
officer in the performance—”

  Elton broke off in mid sentence. He
blanketed a sudden upheaval of emotion
within by looking quickly at the ground
and fumbling in his pocket. It had swept
his mind when the Frenchman’s eyebrow
moved very slightly up and down, an
involuntary twitching. A keen intuition
had bridged the gulf. He had recognized
in the pseudo-Frenchman the elusive
Von Hintzen. A thousand bits of infor-
mation raced through Elton’s mind, and
pieced together, now coherent, fitted into
a definite mold. Von Strindheim’s report
of his half dozen roles. Von Hintzen,
then, was many men. A consummate
actor whose art in controlling posture,
expression, voice, makeup, enabled him to
be chief of staff, minor assistant, French
lieutenant of artillery, editor of a great
Paris newspaper. And when he was not
Von Hintzen, or one of Von Hintzen’s
handy men, he was Von Strindheim him-
self.

  “Monsieur does not find ze order of
travel?” the other prompted Elton. “Zen
perhaps monsieur will come wiz me to ze
Bureau Militaire for interrogation.”

  “Don’t try to pull that on me!” Elton
glared back, now in control of himself
again. “I’m on important business—
looking after an American deserter—and
I’m not going to be delayed by you or
any one else. You got my name. Report
it to headquarters if you want.”

  He caught a glint of amusement in the
fellow’s eyes as he forced his way past
and boarded his train. The other did
not follow him or raise any further pro-
test. What, he demanded of himself, was
the Prussian’s game in halting him? Was
it merely another clever test or was there
some deeper design behind the incident?

  As the train moved out of the subway
station Elton’s iron control relaxed. His
body shook from head to foot under the
emotion that had wracked him within the
past few minutes. He did not question
his intuition or analyze the chain of cir-
cumstance that had flashed through his
mind in the moment of recognition. He
accepted it as fact that Von Strindheim
was a man of many roles, a lone wolf
who trusted no man too far—and one of
those roles was that of Von Hintzen.
There remained, then, but the trick of
springing a trap about that cunning
neck. As to how quickly and how effec^
tively the esjnon could change his role—
he had just seen the miracle for himself.

  Thanks for the long days of mid June,
Elton was well out of Paris before sunset.
He followed the route to Belfort, passing
Provins and turning off beyond that vil-
lage at the point where the highway forks
to the south and east. There was no
thought in his mind of abandoning his
mission as a courier of the Prussian
crown. It might be necessary to carry
on indefinitely—for weeks, perhaps, risk-
ing his neck until an effective trap could
be devised with the aid of opportunity.
A forcing of the issue now might only
spoil all that he had done and end in his
own certain death.

  He halted, while the light of day was
yet bright, in another secluded spot far
back from the main highway. First of
all he must decipher the baron’s message
of dog fennel. Now that he had the key,
the cipher yielded promptly. He wrote
it down, letter by letter, and studied the
amazing product. It read:

    Request you transfer Lt. Joubert from Bel-
  fort to Germany and hold him in close confine-
  ment at all times. Entire propaganda would be
  ruined should he escape and return to his paper.

   I am using editorial office to good advantage as
   Joubert is last man to be suspected because
   of his war service. Hasten money from New
   York for second payment shortly due owners
   so they can not object to editorial methods.

                      -VON STRINDHEIM

  The message cleared up the mystery
of another Von Strindheim role, forged
THE SPY TRAP

41

another link in the manacles that threat-
ened the dreaded Prussian espion. So
Von Strindheim had caused the French
editor’s disappearance in order to engage
himself in the Frenchman’s role. Prus-
sian gold, secretly applied, was to silence
the possible protests of patriotic owners.
The Kaiser, then, still kept faith in the
insidious weapon of propaganda, a wea-
pon with which he sought to weaken the
will of the civilian populace the while his
armies hammered the morale of fighting
armies on the front lines.

ELTON was mounting his
motorcycle when he remem-
bered the note handed him at
the last minute by the Prussian
officer. It had been crowded from his
mind for the moment by the first mes-
sage. Since the missive was sealed, he
debated upon the discretion of forcing the
flap. It could not have been of great im-
portance, he argued, else Von Strindheim
hardly would have treated it with so lit-
tle precaution. He ended by forcing the
flap of the envelope with scrupulous care
in an effort to leave no evidence of his
prying.

  His judgment in opening the letter was
confirmed when he noted that the mes-
sage was in cipher. Oddly enough, as he
saw at a glance, it was the discarded
German cipher that Von Strindheim had
used in his letter to Colonel Ourq. The
brtevity of the message caught his interest,
caused him to delay until he had deci-
phered its meaning. The cipher message
read:

See to it this man never returns to Paris.

  Elton looked at the message only long
enough to check his work for accuracy.
Then he set his motorcycle in motion,
vaulted into the saddle and turned at
high speed into the road that led toward
Belfort.

  But he knew now that he was not going
to Belfort. That message forced the
issue with Von Strindheim. Elton smiled
grimly at the Prussian’s wily prank, send-
ing him with the order for his own execu-

tion. It did not surprise him that Von
Strindheim had taken such a step. Even
if the messenger fell into enemy hands,
the note would be harmless enough, and
the message of flowers as inscrutable as
the cable code of Nauen. So Von Strind-
heim must have reckoned, even as the
Prussian leaders laid their dependence in
German infallibility and Allied stupidity.

AN HOUR at high speed took
him to the first American mili-
tary barrier. He removed the
flaming M. P. brassard from his
arm, slowed down to a gradual stop and
told an incoherent story to the sergeant
in charge. The sergeant called his lieu-
tenant, whose suspicions were aroused by
the officer’s garbled story of his travels.
Elton was held for investigation and taken
to the captain in command of the barrier.

  “I am wanted by G. H. Q,” he confessed
to the captain. “A very serious charge
and, since I’ve decided to surrender, I’m
only asking the privilege of talking per-
sonally to my friend, Colonel Rand. I
wrote him of my desire to surrender and
he asked me to come here and telephone
him.”

  The captain registered suspicion but
finally succumbed to the prisoner’s in-
sistence that G. H. Q. must know imme-
diately and from his own lips. Head-
quarters finally got Colonel Rand on the
telephone and Elton had him dismiss the
local captain from the room during the
conversation.

  “Please phone Paris headquarters at
once,” said Elton. “Have Sergeant
Walters and his men take me in. It will
clear his record, since it was from him I
made my getaway at—”

  “See here, what are you talking about,
Elton?” the colonel demanded.

  “You misunderstand, sir,” Elton re-
joined. “This is Private Strothers,
wanted for desertion and escape and
heaven knows what else. They nipped
me here at the American barrier—and
I’m asking that my old friend Sergeant
Walters have a chance to take me in. I
gave him a rough deal escaping from him
42

ARED WHITE

in Paris last week. Since I’m done for
anyhow, thinks I, it’s only right to give
him the breaks. Will you please do this
for an old-timer, sir?”

  “I see,” said Colonel Rand in sudden
understanding. “It’ll go hard with you,
Strothers. We’d have gotten you any-
way—but I’m glad you surrendered.”
“I’m feeling pretty low, sir. It’d cheer
me a lot if my old C. O. could say a word
for me at Paris before it’s too late.”

  “I’ll think it over, Strothers. I was
just leaving for Paris headquarters for
conference and may look in on you.”
“Thank you, sir—if the Colonel would
only hurry!”

AS NEARLY as he could esti-
mate, Sergeant Walters would
arrive by military automobile
from Paris in two and a half
hours. In five hours he would be back in
Paris, a prisoner. Colonel Rand, by fast
driving, could reach Paris from headquar-
ters in five hours. Elton already had
mapped out his plan of attack. Ample
time remained in which to lay out the
details. Before midnight he would be
ready to move in upon his Excellency,
the Baron Erich Wolf Von Strindheim.

  Sergeant Walters, when he arrived to
receive the prisoner, met the situation
magnificently. His only sign of recog-
nition was a snarl, followed by a profane
dressing down of the glum and repentant
captive.

  “Give yourself up, did you?” raged
Walters. “Well, if they don’t hang you
for the stuff you’ve pulled, I’ll tear off my
chevrons. A disgrace to the Army you
are, and to the whole two legged race of
man. My only regret is that I didn’t get
sight of you on the highway—within
shooting distance.”

  “When I gave up, Sergeant, I asked to
have you get me,” muttered the prisoner.
“I tried to give you a square break
after—”

  “Shut up!” roared Walters. “Get out
there and into that car—and one false
move means we’ll take your worthless
carcass in dead!”

  During the long run into Paris, the old
sergeant found an opportunity to whisper
to his chief without risk of being over-
heard by the escort above the roar of the
car.

  “I hope I didn’t lay it on too strong,
sir,” he apologized. “But I thought that
was the situation.”

  “You did nobly, as usual,” Elton said.

  “I feel something big in the air, sir—
any chance for me to give a hand?”
There was a note of pleading on the non-
com’s words.

  “It’s very likely, Walters,” said Elton.
“But I’m in executive session at present,
if you’ll excuse me.”

CHAPTER X

THE SHOWDOWN

A FEW minutes before midnight
a French rifle battalion, war
strength and marching with full
field equipment, passed through the heart
of Paris. The troops had been hurriedly
roused from their quarters and set in
motion. The only knowledge they had of
their destination was from the grapevine
that pervades all armies and fills the
ranks with rumor. It told them that they
were entraining for the Front, to meet an
emergency.

  At a street intersection, the two rear
companies were ordered into a side street.
The gait of the others was quickened to
double time. In less than a minute the
battalion was in position surrounding a
large four story building, while orders
were barked at them to let no one pass in
or out. Hung from the second floor of the
building was a sign proclaiming to the
world that here was the office of publica-
tion of Le Journal.

  Two men, in the garb of printers, their
sleeves rolled to the elbows and their
faces grimy with printer’s ink, walked
down the editorial corridor at the same
moment. They entered the editor’s office
without knocking. There was but one
man in the room at the moment—the
editor—of which fact they had informed
THE SPY TRAP

43

themselves before going in. The editor
was half way across the room, attracted
by the beating of hobnailed shoes on the
paved street below. He stopped at sight
of the two printers and surveyed them
sharply.

  “You sent for us, monsieur?” inquired
one of the two intruders, in perfect
French, bowing humbly.

  “What impudence is this?” snapped the
editor. He walked back to his desk and
was passing behind it when another voice
stopped him with the force of a blow.

  “Not the slightest move!”

  It was an American voice and it
crackled with intensity. Behind the
order loomed a .45 caliber Army auto-
matic.

  The editor smiled, a genuine smile in
which there was an arrogant disdain of
the danger he faced.

  “Perhaps when the guillotine looms
over your necks, you will not feel quite
so bold over this intrusion,” he cut at
them. He moved slowly back toward the
wall which stood three feet behind him.

  “Stop! Move another inch and I’ll bore
you!” the man with the pistol threatened.
His voice and manner left no slightest
question of his intent.

  The first man moved to a window and
crashed his foot through a large pane.
The splintering of glass awakened an echo
of sharp French commands below. In a
moment there was the rumble of many
feet coming into the building.

  “Who are you, and what is the meaning
of this outrage?” the editor inquired, his
iron nerve unshaken.

  “I am Sergeant Walters, United States
Army,” said the soldier, “and my trigger
finger is a lot quicker than any trick you
or any of your kind can pull on me.”

  “Ah, a fool American,” the editor
drawled sarcastically. “Well, I have no
intention of inviting your fire. I pre-
sume your attendants will be here in due
time to return you to your padded cell—
and your Government will apologize in
proper form.”

  “I said stand tight!”

  Walters’s voice was at the end of its

patience. His prisoner had edged a foot
nearer the wall.

  “If I must stand here with my hands
in the air,” sneered the editor, “at least I
can have the comfort of the wall to lean
against.”

  He made another move, a slow move
that carried him close to the wall. His
hand moved very slowly backward, al-
most imperceptibly. It touched the wall.
A secret panel moved aside. Then the
room filled with sound, the roar of
Walters’s automatic. The sergeant was
hard in the wake of the bullet, his arm
clutching the other as he was falling, a
bullet through his wrist, into the secret
cavity.

  Walters dragged him back into the
room, jerked him to his feet and secured
him by handcuff to his own wrist. The
room filled with French soldiers, their
bayonets hemming captor and captive in
with a bristling wall of steel.

“I DEMAND to know,” the
prisoner cut at the French com-
mandant who had appeared
with his men, “why this out-
rage is visited upon me? I am Lieutenant
Joubert, invalided from the French
army, editor of Le Journal—and it is your
duty to protect me. You shall pay dearly
for this, my Commandant!”

  Not even the gaping wound in his wrist
unstrung the man. He remained the most
collected person in the room. His thin
cold face was pale and drawn but his eyes
burned with outraged passion. The
French major turned deathly pale at the
threat. He stammered an apology, that
he was following orders, that it was not he
who should pay if his superiors had erred.

  “You can do the rest of your talking at
headquarters,” Sergeant Walters spoke
up. His voice was even, almost respect-
ful, tempered by the regard of one brave
man for another. “Please remember that
your only chance to get away is by
dragging me with you,” he added. “I’m
sorry you made me shoot you, but if I
have to do it again it’ll not be in the
wrist.”
44

ARED WHITE

  At the headquarters of American forces
in Paris, the outraged editor was met with
an odd edict. Terse instructions were
given by a colonel that he be stripped of
the French uniform he wore and given a
warm bath, a thorough scrubbing. Even
Sergeant Walters, accustomed to endless
unintelligible orders, was nettled by the
instructions. The prisoner was immacu-
late, spotless, clean shaved—the last man
in the world who had any appearance of
needing a bath. The sergeant, however,
insisted upon having the bath adminis-
tered without release of the handcuff, even
though his own sleeve got wringing wet in
consequence.

  “Well of all the—”

  Sergeant Walters’s surprise was too
deep for mere words. He broke off into
speechless gaping at the transformation
wrought by the water. The French
editor lost his florid color. Patches of
dark hair dropped from his head and
changed its contour. The lines of the
fellow’s mouth changed, the whole set of
his face, though this came from a relaxa-
tion of muscles as well as loss of the skill-
fully applied touch of artifice.

  “Say, mister, you look to me like you
might be a Boche,” the sergeant com-
mented when he could regain his voice.
“I was getting worried, to tell you the
truth. Afraid a friend of mine had pulled
a prize bonehead but I’m feeling easier
since we had our little bath. Now, come
right this way, if you please.”

  “Good evening, my friend. I’m glad
to have this opportunity of explaining to
you why I was unable to reach Belfort
with your kind message.”

THE PRISONER started at
the sound of Elton’s voice, as
he was brought face to face
with the American in a small,
brightly lighted room on the second floor
of the headquarters building. A look of
fear flitted across his face. Then his
matchless self-possession reclaimed him.
His blue eyes lighted with a cynical
smile.

  “Do not flatter yourself too far, my

friend,” he said with cool composure. “I
pay the price of my present slight in-
convenience merely because I disregarded
my own intuitions and judgment.” He
added hastily, “As well as those of his
Excellency, whose judgment I should
have accepted as infallible.”

  “Excellent, your Excellency,” Elton
mocked.

  “My gratitude for the station to which
you advance me.” The prisoner bowed.

  “But why not, when you have done so
yourself as a daily practise, my dear
Baron Erich Wolf Von Strindheim.”
“Now you flatter me.” The Prussian
smiled complacently, without wincing at
sound of the name. “Would that I had
the gifts of his Excellency—I would at
this moment be in far more comfortable
circumstances.”

  Elton’s face hardened. He dropped the
exchange of badinage.

  “Now see here, Von Strindheim,” he
shot out. “Let’s throw off the masks. It
isn’t becoming to a man of your gifts to
equivocate when there’s nothing to be
gained by it. You’re clever enough to
know that you wouldn’t be here if we
didn’t know who you are. And before
morning we’ll have the rest of your crew
in hand, even if we have to dynamite the
walls down on them.”

  The Prussian’s insolent assurance did
not waver.

  “I am Lieutenant Hans Von Hintzen,”
he replied. “I make no denial of my
identity, under the circumstances.”

  “Very true. Likewise, you are Von
Strindheim, and several other persons—
all one and the same ma

   “Saying a thing and pi ving it, even in
an abominable French c< rt martial, are
two different things. T o proud name
of his Excellency will not be drawn
again into your war propaganda as it
was before when they took the wrong
head.”

  “There is the proof of yc'ir photo-
graph—”

  “I have had no photograph in many,
many years,” the Prussian interrupted.
“A minor thing, but you have a slight
THE SPY TRAP

45

affliction of the eyebrows. It was that,
my dear Baron, that first let me see
through your disguises.”

 “Mannerisms are contagious, my
friend, as you must well know.”

  “Then perhaps you can laugh off this
little link in the chain. My own death
warrant, which you handed me to carry to
Belfort?”

  Elton took from his pocket the fatal
message to Mile. Dupre and held it under
the Prussian’s eyes. The prisoner studied
it impassively. From another pocket the
American drew a second cipher mes-
sage, Yon Strindheim’s favorite cipher,
the original of his insulting message to
Colonel Ourq.

  “Now is the case clear to you, Von
Strindheim?” he demanded. “The two
messages were written by the same hand.
Since the French have identified and
verified your handwriting in the note you
sent Colonel Ourq—it was a very simple
matter for me to verify the little billet-
doux you handed me for delivery to my
executioner. I might add, too, that I
deciphered your dog fennel cipher. In
fact, it took little time and effort.”

  To Elton’s surprise, Von Strindheim
was looking at him now with smiling eyes.

The mask was gone. Without words he
was communicating to Elton the useless-
ness of further evasion. No shadow of
fear crept into his face or voice as he
accepted defeat.

  “My friend,” he confessed, “you ap-
pear to hold the advantage of me at the
present moment.” The smile passed into
a superior, cynical glint. “I will pay you
the compliment of saying I am grateful
that it is not you who is charged with the
further details of my case.”

  “Thank you, Von Strindheim. You
mean—”

  “That it remains for French military
law and custody to proceed with my trial
and—execution.”

  “I should not think you would find
much comfort in that thought, my dear
Baron.”

  Von Strindheim shrugged his shoulders
and half turned to indicate that he was
ready to be received by the French mili-
tary escort. His tantalizing assurance
possessed him fully again. He bowed
stiffly, from the waist.

  “Bon nuit, monsieur,” he said. “Per-
haps, one day, we shall meet again.
Who can say? And in the meantime.
bon voyage."

** . ^

^ ^ I ^he Spy Trap” is the first of a series of ^
^	1 stories of the Military Intelligence which

            Ared White has written expressly for Ad-
venture. The author’s vivid tales of men in war ^
^ have already won him wide acclaim. We are ^
'&A certain, however, that nothing he has heretofore
done approaches in sheer drama and fascinating
jj incident these new stories describing the exploits ^
^ of the master spies within and without the lines frj
^ of battle. Look for the next one in an early issue! ^
  Fist and Boot

NOVAK’S hand relaxed as it	that Highball Anton ever knew a pang of

touched the knob of the	fear. He had proved his courage not

bunkhouse door. He hesi-	only in battle but in the dangerous labor

tated, scowling at the rain	of the woods. In the bunkhouses the

soaked panels before his eyes. There was	story was still told of the Bohunk kid

no fear in his heart. The boss of Camp 5	brakie who stuck to a Brainerd logging

was certain of that; husky though the top	train when it broke loose from the Shea

loader was, he, Anton Novak, had	on Spur 3, who set the brakes, with death

whipped bigger loggers in pairs without	facing him at every turn of a wheel, and

harm to himself. His proudest boast was	saved the train.

that the worst scars he carried were on	The superintendent made him a black-

his knuckles. .	smith’s helper as a reward. He learned to

No. Any man in the six Brainerd	splice wire rope. Before long he was a

camps would have laughed at the idea	high-rigger. He began to swagger and

46
FIST AND BOOT

47

fight. In ten years he was a camp boss,
with the wildest life behind him of any
logger on the Northwest Coast.

  Up by muscle and a heart of white hot
steel. That was the story of Anton
Novak, the Bohunk. The men who de-
spised his race he battered out of the way.
And here he was, thirty and at the top.

  At the top, so the loggers said. A
camp boss for the big Brainerd outfit.
How much higher than that could a
Bohunk look? The loggers wanted to
know.

  Anton Novak himself wanted to know.
The question had become a torment
during the last year. It stared him in the
eyes now, as he hesitated in front of the
top loader’s bunkhouse. A year ago
there would have been no question.
Then, a wrathful telephone message from
the logging superintendent telling him
that the log loads on three trucks of the
Camp 5 train had given way on the main
line, would have sent him for his top
loader without a stop for breath.

  One huge paw would have gripped the
man by the throat, the other would have
been clenched into a threatening fist, and
the negligent loader would have been
told what was what in the hottest terms
of logging camp speech, with hardly a
trace of the old country growl. If the
man had wanted to fight—well! Anton
Novak had become more than an Ameri-
can; he had become an American logger
of the hardest old-time school.

  But the old times were done. Men in
the Northwest woods could no longer be
ruled by fists and calk boots. Novak had
begun to realize that. The two newest
bulls of the woods on the Brainerd line
called themselves camp superintendents
and were graduates of forestry schools.
Novak growled with contempt when he
thought of them. He had no fear for his
own job. But a chief was soon to be
picked for the headquarters camp. The
logging superintendent, Darby Quinn,
was already talking of retiring . . .

  Anton Novak thought of all this
seriously now, as he had thought of it so
often during the past year. He wondered

whether he could go any way but his own.
Would going soft and easy ruin him? He
was only a fighter, he decided somberly;
with the day of the fighter gone, he too
would go from the woods—from the
timber country . . . Forgetting his pres-
ent purpose, he stared out through the
winter rain.

  The timber country. It seemed as
grand to him now as it had when he first
saw it, a kid with a gang of immigrant
logging railroad builders. He had be-
come its man from the first. Never had
his heart turned back to the old country.
Once, he remembered, the land had
touched his^Jieart as though he were a
girl.

  The end of a day much like this one.
Himself hanging behind the gang dragging
down the grade to the bunk cars. Stand-
ing by a Douglas fir hundreds of years old.
Looking out over five ridges of timber,
dark green slopes and ridges under low
gray clouds, dim in a soft mist and the
first shadows of twilight. Never had the
rousing smells from the wet mold of the
forest floor so delighted him. There were
smells from the great green boughs above
him, too; and the breeze blowing from
the harbor had a salty tang. How he
loved the land just then! He had
pressed his fuzzy cheek against the
shaggy bark of the Douglas fir, and for a
time it seemed that the tree was talking
to him, uniting him to its life. Then, sud-
denly, he had felt ashamed. He had been
acting like a girl. But he was flushed with
the strength of manhood for the first
time. In that hour the Anton Novak the
Brainerd men knew had been bom. He
had seized the vital spirit of the timber
country for his own.

  He would not yield this place in the
life of this land of his, Anton Novak told
himself. He would use his head. He
would speak kindly to the top loader. It
would be hard to change his ways, but he
could see the necessity. Speak kindly, he
sternly admonished himself, as his big
knuckled hand once more reached out to
open the bunkhouse door. Light flowed
over him as he stepped inside. There was
48

JAMES STEVENS

a sudden hush around the bunkhouse
heater.

        THE HUSH had fallen in the
midst of a loud declaration
rLy from the shadows beyond the
heater—

   “And if that highball Bohunk of a boss-
man tries to tell me anything . . .”
Novak knew that voice. It belonged
to the man he was after—Spade Brackett,
for three weeks a top loader in Camp 5.
Novak halted in the doorway. The rain
drove in behind him. Before him the
light of the swinging lamps glowed over
faces turned toward him. •Be saw the
gleam of excitement in every eye. He
felt the blood leap to his face. The old
ache for battle throbbed in his knuckles.
The bunkhouse gang knew he had over-
heard the top loader’s contemptuous
speech. They were waiting for the camp
boss to show himself in his bully style.
For ten years he had met trouble with
fist and boot. The urge was powerful in
him now.

   But this new resolve was also powerful
in him. Novak was still determined to
use his head; to prove to the Brainerds
that he could be as gentle and kind and
tactful in handling loggers as these new
men fron the colleges. The slur on his
foreign birth he could afford to ignore.
Long ago he had learned the futility of
fighting against that. But he had come
here to settle a matter of work with his
top loader. And he had found the man
expressing contempt for him before the
other loggers. That made the business
harder to carry through. But he would
try. So he worked what he thought was
a kind smile on to his heavy, dark face,
as he swung toward the heater.

   “Brackett here?” he said, in his rum-
bling voice.

  “You bet I’m here!”

  The top loader stepped out from be-
hind the heater, and faced the camp boss
belligerently.

  “What you want with me, huh?”

  He was certain that Novak had heard
him. And he did not intend to back

   down. Not before this bully gang. Spade
Bracket was mighty sure of himself. He
was no older than Novak, he was as husky,
and he had got his name in a fighting way.
A Seattle policeman was responsible. He
had pinched Brackett after the man had
cleaned out a skidroad saloon.

   “Fightin’ like this is what I call diggin’
your grave with your fists,” said the
policeman. “Come along, Spade.”

  He stood now before Novak, his feet
spread wide, his legs stiff, his fists on his
hips, and his chin jutting forward over
his barrel of a chest. His heavy black
brows were drawn together in a fighting
scowl. His small eyes glittered savagely
before Novak’s steady gaze.

  The sleeves of his red wool shirt were
rolled up, and the light of the SAvinging
lamps shone on bulging forearm muscles.
He was lean bellied, and solid in his legs.
A true fighting man of the woods, made
by years of labor in the tall timber.
Feeling fit to battle any man alive.
Particularly Anton Novak, boss of Camp

5,	in line for the headquarters camp.

  Spade Brackett had his own reasons for
being interested in that. But to Anton
Novak, he was only a tough top loader
who needed to be handled gently and
kindly, after the new fashion of bossing in
the woods.

  “What you want with me, huh?”
growled Spade Brackett. “Get ’er off
your chest!”

  Every man in the bunkhouse knew that
this was a challenge and not a question.
The camp boss knew that they knew.
For an instant the habit of years asserted
itself. His wide shoulders heaved, the
muscles of his legs tensed for a fighting
leap and hard ridges stood under the dark
skin of his jaws. The old urge blazed up.
Knock the man down, give him the
boots, kick him out of camp. Kind and
gentle palaver, hell! Not for him—but he
remembered in time. The approaching
vacancy at headquarters. The new way
in the woods—Darby Quinn would hear
of it if he battled the top loader now;
even John and Jesse Brainerd might
hear of it; too much to lose . . .
FIST AND BOOT

49

  “Brackett,” he said steadily. “I want
to see you in the camp office.”

  He felt a thrill of triumph as he turned
on his heel. No college logger could have
done better than that, he told himself.
Then he heard a gasp of surprise from all
the loggers in the bunkhouse. That
troubled him. Had to show that he was
still a man of authority. He looked back.
The top loader had not moved—was
staring at him stupidly.

  “Brackett!” He spoke harshly now.
“I’ve got business to talk with you. In
the camp office at once, understand?”
“Yeah.”

  Novak tramped out, leaving the door
open behind him. He did not look back
again. But the hum of excited talk
followed him. Certain words reached
him:

  “Goin’ soft, I’ll say . . .” “Yeah,
who’d ’a’ believed . . “First time I
ever saw Novak . . .”

  Then the voice of Joe Harkins, the bull-
bucker, boomed above the rest:

  “Never fails. Ever’ bully of the timber
goes the same way. Goes along with the
hard stuff so far, then turns soft. Fightin’
fire dies out. Finished, you ask me.
That’s Highball Novak.”

  The camp boss’s boots thudded to a
stop in the muddy trail to the camp office.
The darkness was rapidly closing down in
the timber about the camp. The wind
roared through the boughs in a sudden
hard blast and Novak’s spirit rose to meet
it.

  Now was the time. Go back—declare
himself—fight it out. Show them all in
the only way he knew—by fist and boot.

  But this new resolve had been strongly
taken. He could play the new game of
the boss-men of the woods, play it as well
as any. He would hang on, as he had
stayed with that runaway logging train
years ago. The Bohunk kid was still
going to the top.

  Yeah, he’d show ’em—but in the new
style, gentle and kind . . .

  There was Brackett coming out of the
bunkhouse. The camp boss strode on for
his office.

  Back in the bunkhouse a young logger,
a lowly whistle punk, listened to the old-
timers recite the saga of Anton Novak,
the Bohunk kid, the champion high-
rigger of the harbor camps, the hardest
bitten bull of the woods the Brainerd line
had ever known.

  “Finished now,” said Joe Harkins.
“Yeah,” the others agreed—excepting the
husky young logger, the whistle punk, the
lad down in the time-book as P. Parker.

  P. Parker had had two years of college.
He was trying logging instead, upon the
advice of an old fashioned uncle. He had
expected a glorious rowdy life in Anton
Novak’s camp. He still hoped for a
terrific battle between the camp boss and
the top loader. So he followed Brackett
to the camp office. He was pleased to see
that the timekeeper was not behind the
commissary counter. So young P. Parker
waited there breathlessly for the roar of
battle to sound from beyond the par-
tition that divided the commissary from
the camp foreman’s quarters. He heard
nearly all that passed between the two men.

ANTON NOVAK slowly
lowered his muscular bulk into
the swivel chair before his
desk. Impressively he turned
around as Brackett stepped inside his
office. The chair squeaked under his
weight. The sound jarred on Novak. He
swore under his breath. A swivel chair
in a logging camp! That was the new
damned style. Shiny desks, swivel chair,
files, paperwork— Well, he had mastered
all the new stuff by ferocious study, and
he would master the new way of man-
handling. He would not pass out with
the oldtimers. He would have the head-
quarters camp; he would follow Darby
Quinn, he would go on, rise high.

  “Keep your grip on that,” he ad-
monished himself sternly. “Hang on like
you did as a Bohunk kid.”

  “Well, what’s on your chest?” said the
top loader, with careless insolence.

  “Sit down,” said the camp boss calmly,
motioning toward a chair. “A matter of
business.”
50

JAMES STEVENS

  Spade Brackett was taken aback.
Despite himself, he was overawed. He
tried to tell himself that this was only
Highball Anton, the Bohunk boss,) sitting
there in the fancy swivel chair,'twith a
mackinawed elbow resting on the shiny
oak desk. But somehow the files, the
desk light, the books, and the cold aloof-
ness of Novak created the atmosphere of
the Brainerd offices in the tidewater
lumber town. Down there Brackett al-
ways felt like as timber savage in a cage.
Cold blooded business system. That
same atmosphere made him uncomfort-
able now. He was on the defensive. He
sat down and fumbled his hands awk-
wardly over his knees.

  “Brackett, I hired you with the under-
standing that you were the best top
loader on the Brainerd line,” said Novak,
in a cool, impersonal tone which Jesse
Brainerd himself might have envied.
“That’s your reputation in headquarters.
For three weeks you’ve failed to make it
good. Tonight Darby Quinn telephoned
me that three trucks fell to pieces on the
main line. He knows your reputation.
The blame falls on me. I’m supposed to
handle my men in the way to get the best
out of ’em. Usually I drive—you know
that!”

  Novak’s words sounded like licks from
an ax. Out in the commissary, young P.
Parker held his breath. But the camp
boss caught himself.

  “Highball Anton, they call me,” he
said, lowering his voice. “But I’m not
trying to drive you, Brackett. If you’ve
got a grudge against me for any reason,
tell me, and I’ll clear it up. You stick
with me, and you won’t regret it. I
promise you that, fair and square. There’s
all my cards, a wide open hand. I want
you to do your best top loading for me.
If you’ve got a grudge, just tell it and we’ll
fix it up.”

  There Novak stopped. It was the first
time in his life he had ever reasoned in a
nice, gentlemanly style with another man.
It left him feeling ashamed of himself,
but he remembered the stakes he was
playing for, and he bucked up. He fixed

a cold but kindly gaze on Spade Brackett,
and waited.

  The top loader was still overwhelmed
with astonishment. He had never
dreamed that Highball Anton would
knuckle down in this style. For that was
all that the cold modern business talk had
seemed to Brackett—knuckling down. He
had a glimmering of what Novak was
after, for he, too, knew all about the
promotions that were to come on the
Brainerd line. But he had no conception
of the thought and labor with which the
man who had fought his way up under the
old conditions of logging camp life, was
concentrating on adapting himself to the
new ways and methods. Brackett would
have sneered at the notion that Highball
Anton was attempting a new style of
man-handling. To him the camp boss
was only showing yellow at last.

  “A Bohunk at heart. Showin’ up,” he
said to himself. “Me, I’ll just tease him
along.”

  Spade Brackett had his own stake in
the game. He had no desire to be fired
just now, unless it was by means that
would make trouble for the camp boss.
So he said aloud:

  “Why, I ain’t got a grudge, Mr.
Novak. I thought you had the grudge,
account of me bein’ a friend of Shag
Hawley, you know. Worried me some,
bein’ blamed for my friends . .

  Brackett stopped there, as a low fierce
growl escaped Novak. The big hands of
the camp boss gripped the arms of his
chair. Shag Hawley, bull of the woods
at Camp 3, was also in line for the head-
quarters job. A whisperer, a back stabber,
a slick tongued blarneyer. But a logger
and a fighter. A dangerous man. In a
way Novak feared him. But he hated and
despised the man still more. He glowered
suspiciously at Brackett, but controlled
himself.

  “Never mind Hawley,” he said, keep-
ing his voice level and cold. “You might
explain the bad loading on those three
trucks today.”

  “It was my loyalty done it,” said Spade
Brackett.
FIST AND BOOT

51

  He was now entirely at ease. He was
sure that he could soft-soap any Bohunk
alive.

  “Small logs, Mr. Novak. Didn’t want
’em to pile up behind the loadin’ engine.
Rushed the loadin’. Wanted to get out
a full train. That was all. Just my
loyalty, Mr. Novak. My damn’ fool
loyalty,” said Spade Brackett grandly,
rolling out the words as though he loved
the sound of them.

  Novak scowled. It might be true.
There was no answer to such talk as that,
anyway.

  “Well,” he said heavily, “I’ll let ’er go
this trip. But don’t be so damn’ loyal
tomorrow. Load your cars like you know
how.”

  “I’ll load ’em perfect. You’ll never see
better loadin’, Mr. Novak,” promised
Brackett enthusiastically. “Loyalty,
that’s *me!”

  “All right.”

  Novak turned back to his desk. Some-
how he felt badly licked. He turned
sharply as Brackett went out. He was
certain that the man had laughed. There
was a flash of red before Novak’s eyes.
One lunge took him out of the chair and
to the door. The wind blew rain out of
the night and against his face. He felt
the powerful, pungent breath of the tim-
ber country. He heard the roaring
whispers of great green boughs.

  The timber country! His own! To
keep his place in its life—that was the
greatest battle. The desire for that held
him back. Let Brackett go; he would
handle him yet—new style. Novak re-
turned to the chair. It squeaked again as
he sat down. He did not notice that now.
Seemed like he was licked, somehow. He
had to win—had to hang on like the
Bohunk kid . . .

  The young whistle punk, P. Parker,
slipped back into the bunkhouse un-
noticed. And no one paid him any mind
as he sat by the roaring heater and
listened to Joe Harkins tell mighty
stories about the heroic battles of High-
ball Anton Novak, who once belonged to
that old-time company of bulls of the

woods. Gone soft now, old Joe lamented.
Yeah, the old-timers were no more; the
old days were over.

  P. Parker, the young college logger,
mournfully and silently agreed. He
glared at Spade Brackett and wished that
he himself had five more years of growth
and muscle. He knew what handling the
man needed. Spade Brackett was boast-
ing that Highball Anton had backed down
before him in the office, declaring that the
camp boss had entirely lost his grip, and
boasting that his friend, Shag Hawley,
would be the next boss of headquarters
camp.

FOR TEN days the boss of
Camp 5 held grimly to the new
style of man-handling. And
for ten days log production in
Camp 5 dropped, two thousand feet by
two thousand feet. Choker-setters loafed
with the rigging. Fallers and buckers
grew careless, and trees were brought
down in crisscross fashion and were
bucked into logs of odd lengths. The
donkey-punchers on the yarding and
roader engines no longer jumped at their
levers and ran the drums at top speed.
The loaders sent out beautiful loads, but
not so many of them. Every man in camp
agreed with Spade Brackett about High-
ball Anton. No. 5 was a highball camp
no more. The bull of the woods had gone
soft. Take ’er easy was the word.

  At the end of the tenth day Anton
Novak felt like a whipped man. He stood
on a bank above the loading track and
mournfully observed the logging scene.
It was a stormy day. The distant ridges
of the timbered hills merged dimly into
the low rain clouds. A gray mist was over
the fallers and buckers, muffling the ring
of axes and the drone of saws. The prone
columns* of the felled timber lay on wet,
black earth. The skyline rigging, reach-
ing from head spar to tail spar, a distance
of twenty-five hundred feet, made faint
black lines against the gray sky. Rolls of
gray wood smoke and puffs of white steam
drifted up from the donkey engines.

  Huge logs in the grips of chokers on the
52

JAMES STEVENS

main lines plunged up the slopes, swayed,
dipped into the black earth, crashed over
stumps, battered brush and small trees
into slivers, leaped high and boomed on
for the storage pile. From the£e other
logs were lifted by the loading' engine,
swung over to the trucks on the loading
track, eased into place and bound with
chains by the top loader and his second
man.

  At the end of many and many a day
Anton Novak had felt his heart swell with
pride when beholding this scene of labor
in the big timber. He was the ruler of it
all. He, Anton Novak, once a Bohunk
kid swinging a pick on a logging railroad
grade, had fought his way up to command
over the bully men of a Brainerd camp.
A man had to fight his way up in those
days. It was different now, he thought
grimly.

  Different. Yeah. The old days of
sawing, chopping and ground-lead skid-
ding were gone. Six donkey engines were
under his command now, miles of wire
rope, head-blocks weighing a ton each,
logging trains, section crews, and even a
camp laundry which washed the bunk-
house sheets and pillow cases.

  Sheets for loggers! Well, that was what
it had come to. Loggers were skilled
mechanics these days. Highly paid men.
Had to handle them like they were white
collar lads in offices. Had to, if you were
going to hold on to all for which you had
lived and fought.

  The quitting whistle shrilled through
the woods. The men were already
stringing in from their labor. Novak
scowled at that. How was a man to stop
that unless he threatened to knock their
ears down? How did the college bosses
do it? It was still all a mystery to Novak.
Well, he would hang on until he learned.
He would not turn back, he Swore to
himself.

  Novak sighed heavily and started down
the bank. His purpose was to catch
Spade Brackett on the way to camp and
demand a showdown. One of the whistle
punks had put a bug in his ear about
Brackett. The top loader had been

agitating—knocking the props from under
the authority of the camp boss. Novak
was determined to settle this affair with
Brackett once and for all time. There
would be no battle, he vowed; he would
use his head—settle the business in the
new soft and easy style of handling men.

  But as he waited for Brackett, Novak
saw the logging locomotive come to a
stop with its string of empties. And
Darby Quinn, the superintendent of all
the camps, swung down from the cab.
Novak felt a chill race up and down his
spine. Instinctively he knew that at last
the place in headquarters camp was open.
Here and now Darby Quinn would either
tell the boss of Camp 5 that he was
stepping up, or briefly remark that he was
going on to spend the night at Shag
Hawley’s camp. Novak knew Darby
Quinn.

  The old logging superintendent’s face
was like granite when Novak tramped up
to meet him.

  “Hello, Novak,” he said shortly.
“What’s the trouble?”

  “Trouble?” said the camp boss me-
chanically, already feeling the sinking
sensation of defeat.

  “Yep, trouble. Your production’s
dropped to the bottom of the six camps.
What the hell!”

  Novak resolved to take his licking like
a man.

  “It’s me,” he said steadily, meeting the
steely gaze. “Got no excuse to make,
Mr. Quinn. Equipment’s O.K. So’s the
timber. I quit highballin’ the men.
Tried to talk to ’em like one of your col-
lege supers. I ain’t swore at a logger for
two weeks. Not even that. Well, I’ve
fell down. But I’m sticking to it. I’ll
learn, if you’ll give me the chance.”

  “That’s the new policy,” admitted
Darby Quinn. “But we want logs.”

  “You’ve always had ’em from Camp 5
before,” declared Novak.

  “Yes.”

  Quinn looked away. He belonged to
the old school himself. He, too, had
risen by fist and boot. His sympathies
were all with Anton Novak, but the new
FIST AND BOOT

53

Brainerd policy was an iron law. If
Novak could not survive—well, he would
have to go.

“You’ll get your chance,” he said
finally. “You’ll get it—here at Camp 5.”
“I’m passed over for the headquarters
job?” The red was creeping into Novak’s
face, and the question was a growl.

  “Yes,” said Darby Quinn. “We de-
cided on Hawley this morning.”

  With a great effort Novak choked back
the violent words that surged into his
throat. He would take it, he told himself,
take it and hang on. He would hold his
own in his timber country. Show ’em yet
that he could grow into the new ways.
He attempted a great show of unconcern
as he said to Darby Quinn—

  “Who’s takin’ Hawley’s place at
No. 3?”

  For answer Quinn lifted his hand,
motioned toward the gang of camp
bound loggers who were approaching
down the track, and called—

  “Brackett, come over here!”

  Novak stared in stupefaction as the
grinning top loader swaggered over from
the gang. The other loggers stopped and
watched curiously. Among them P.
Parker, whistle punk, watched with wide
eyes. Novak came out of his astonish-
ment with blazes of red flashing over him.
The old tide of battle, so long damned
up, would no longer be denied. It leaped
through his veins in a burning flood. He
had an instant’s clear picture of all that
had happened to him. Brackett had
come here to play Hawley’s game, with
the promise that he was to have Hawley’s
place when the boss of Camp 3 stepped
up to headquarters. Now he knew the
meaning of what that whistle punk had
told him about Brackett’s talk in the
bunkhouse. The loggers thought he had
turned yellow.

  Yellow! He’d show them, even though
the showing would mean the loss of all
he had fought and labored for in the
Brainerd camps! As Brackett, still grin-
ning, approached, Novak’s white teeth
gleamed in a savage snarl. Cords of
muscle stood out from his throat. He

clenched his hands until his fists were as
solid as mauls. His great body weaved
from side to side. He hunched his
shoulders, his chin jutted over his chest,
his knees bent for a spring, and just as
Spade Brackett opened his mouth to
speak, the mighty right fist of Novak,
once more the highball bully of the tall
timber, smashed over it with a sound like
that of an ax bit sinking into dead wood.

  From the young throat of P. Parker,
whistle punk, shrilled a wild whoop of joy.
An old-time logger battle was on!

SPADE BRACKETT’S fame
as a fighter rested on his exploit
in licking seven men in a
Seattle skidroad saloon with-
out being knocked off his feet. In his
bunkhouse boasts at Camp 5 he had de-
clared that no man had ever brought him
down. But now the loggers saw him
lurch backward like a log when the main
line yanks it in tow. His shoulders hit the
wet earth first, his legs waving wildly in
the air. Feet wide apart, his right fist still
out, Novak stood over him for an instant.
Then his calk booted foot swung as Brack-
ett rolled swiftly, scrambling back to his
feet. The boot thudded into the small
of the top loader’s back.

  It was the old-time way of battle in
the woods. The loggers recognized no
namby-pamby rules—as they called them
—of standing up and poking prettily at
one another’s noses and lips, and then
waiting kindly for an opponent to get up
when he was knocked down. Fist and
boot! That was the old fight! You knew
you would get and could give the whole
works when you tangled with a man from
the tall and uncut.

  No one in the gang of loggers looked
shocked or voiced a protest when Novak
booted the man he had knocked down.
Instead:

  “Walk on him!” Joe Harkins yelled.
“Give him the calks! Leave yer mark on
him, Highball!”

  But Brackett was as yet unhurt; he had
only been goaded into a fighting rage. His
brawny left arm whipped around Novak’s
54

JAMES STEVENS

leg as he rolled to his knees, and as the
camp boss staggered and tugged to free
himself, Brackett’s right fist smashed him
in the groin. Novak sagged. When the
black fog of pain cleared from his eyes,
he was underneath and Bracket,t’s pitch
hardened fist was hammering on his jaw.

  With a mighty heave Novak freed
himself, rolled to his hands and knees and
leaped to his feet. Brackett, blood
smeared, wild eyed, faced him, poised for
a charge. Novak shook his head. The
scene quickly cleared before him.

  Beyond Brackett were the loggers, be-
yond them the timber, the rain clouds.
There was his life, all that he had fought
for—lost now, with Darby Quinn coldly
watching from behind. Lost. He had
loosened his grip on it just for this; just
to give battle to a man who had injured
him. Novak felt the fire die out of him;
and in its place leaped the cold light of
deadly hate. All he had left was the
opportunity of breaking an enemy. He
would be sure, cautious. He watched,
catlike. At an instant when Brackett’s
guard slacked ever so little, Novak
leaped again.

  But this time Brackett only staggered;
he did not go down. He did not even re-
treat more than a step. He slugged
Novak solidly on the chin. For fifteen
minutes, then, neither man yielded
ground. They stood toe to toe and ex-
changed blow for blow; they clinched and
tugged; yanked, heaved, shoved, swaying
around and around in a circle. Then,
breaking, they stood toe to toe again and
swung hard on each other’s jaws.

  They stared from bruised eyes; both
gasped through cut and swollen lips. For
half an hour it was an even fight. Then,
in the last stages of exhaustion, they
went down together in a clinch. Novak
was on top. Grabbing wildly with his
hands, he seized Brackett’s left wrist.
As the top loader heaved up against him,
Novak forced his arm back of his shoul-
ders. He pried up on it, and Brackett
groaned with pain.

  “Quit, huh?” panted Novak. “Got
enough?”

   For answer a hand that was still power-
 ful suddenly clutched his throat. His
 breath was shut off, but Novak could not
 free himself without releasing the top
 loader’s arm. He threw all of his re-
 maining strength into forcing it up to the
 breaking point, but the tensed muscles
 still resisted him and the choking hand
 only gripped his throat the tighter. Waves
 of darkness swept over his eyes, then a
 horrible weakness smote him in the pit of
 the stomach.j

   He was going . . . going ... his own
 grip slipping . . . licked . . . licked . . .
 he wanted to say it . . . Then the shrill
 cry of P. Parker pierced the thickening
 shadows:

   “Don’t quit! You’ve got him! Don’t
 quit! Don’t quit!”

  Yellow, he thought vaguely. They
 would say he was yellow—a Bohunk. A
 last surge of strength swept into his arms.
 He yanked savagely, desperately. A yell
 of pain sounded from the bulk under
 him; the hot iron binding his throat was
 gone and he was on his feet, swaying.
 Voices sounded through the roar in his
 head. . . That damn’ whistle punk . .

   “I knew you could lick him! Oh, gosh,
 what a fight!”

  And Darby Quinn growled—

   “Finishes you, Novak.”

   Then he was weaving through the trees
 for camp—alone.

FINISHED, he thought
numbly, as he sat at the fancy
oak desk, slumped in the swivel
chair, his battered face resting
in his hands. The grip of the Bohunk kid
had slipped at last. Could not hang on to
the new life. He had shown them that he
had not gone yellow. That was his only
consolation. It amounted to nothing,
actually, when he thought of all he had
lost—his place in the life of the timber
country. Finished. Every man would be
against him now.

   The door of his office slowly opened.
 Darby Quinn, thought Novak dully,
 coming to tell him to get out of camp and

•	off the Brainerd line.
THE DESERTED GOLD CAMP

55

  It was Darby Quinn. He spoke, but in
the voice of a chastened man.

  “Young Brainerd insists I’m wrong,”
he said. “I admit it, since I’ve heard his
account of Brackett’s agitation. And I
agree with the lad that you should go to
headquarters.”

 “Agree with who?” said Novak, his

head whirling again. “Who are you talk-
ing about?”

  “Jesse Brainerd’s nephew and sole heir,
who came out here to learn logging on his
own hook,” said Darby Quinn, his rock-
like countenance breaking in a wide grin.
“He’s down in the timebook, I think, as
P. Parker, whistle punk.”

The Deserted Gold Camp

        By COURTNEY McCURDY

              THE thunder-throated stamps are still,

                  The rock-shelves rifled of their store;

                          And Fortune challenges no more
                The miner’s pick, the gambler’s skill.

                  Stark silence holds the grass grown street;

                      The dust claims its eternal debt.

                    Where men from earth’s far places met
                The gray hawk and the gopher meet.

                The unhinged doors show mirrored bars
                In cerements of spider-shroud
                Below, prone head-boards hide the proud
                Names once Adventure’s avatars.

                     One old man only, of all men,

                     Waits for his camp to boom again.
By Bill Adams

     e

The Germans of the ship's
crew awaited “Der Tag’—
and then on the high seas
came the news of war.

The Last

IT WAS a very slow passage that the
big bark Lyderhorn was making in
the latter part of 1914, on the
long road from Puget Sound to
Falmouth. Her lower hold was three
parts full of lumber from the forests of
Washington State. Above the lumber
was barley. And her betwecn-decks hold,
loaded with lumber in the forward part
and with barley from the mainmast aft,
was no more than three parts full. She
was light in the water and, being light,
should by rights have made a fast pas-
sage. But after three weeks with barely
any breeze she ran into two long calms,
one after the other. And when she picked
up a breeze again it was from dead ahead.

  Old George Gwilliam, her skipper, was

nigh to going crazy. Wally Brown, her
mate, cursed himself for a fool for having
stayed so long in windjammers. When
first he went to sea Wally had hoped
some day to be the skipper of a flyer such
as were Silberhorn and Goldenhorn. But
they, and Matterhorn and Englehorn too,
were gone from the face of the waters.
Of all the fine ’Horn ships only bluff
lumbering Lyderhorn was left. Alone in
the darkness, Wally often shook his head
and spat in a heartless fashion to the sea.

  Gilbert Cutting, the second mate, who
spent his dog watches in poring over
navigation books, endeavoring to prepare
himself for one more try at getting a
mate’s certificate at the end of the voyage,
did not much care how long the voyage
of the ’Horns

might be. The longer it was, the more
time he’d have for figuring.

  And the eight apprentices quarreled and
laughed, and swapped the pictures of
their girls around, and talked of getting
into the naval reserve bye and bye; all but
Tomkins, the eldest, who was in the re-
serve already; and a Scotch boy, who said
that a man who went to sea was a fool.
He was going to quit the sea and find a
job ashore; something easy and with
some money in it. And a Belgian boy,
who was going into the Congo steamers.

  Lyderhorn’s foremast crew were a
mixed lot that voyage. It was a hard
matter to find an English speaking crew
for a sailing ship in 1914.

  There were half a dozen Spaniards in

the crew. Or perhaps they were Chilenos.
They were dusky anyway, and had lithe
limbs and very black eyes. It was Wally
Brown who took their knives and broke
the points off them on the first day at
sea. Wally, though a very easy going
mate, never trusted a dago.

  There was a Frenchman in the focsle
with the dagoes; in the starboard focsle,
Gilbert Cutting’s watch. Gilbert Cutting
swore at him only a little less than he
swore at the dagoes; but, because he was
far and away the best seaman in the
watch, picked him out for all the fancy
jobs of splicing and so forth. And
Johnnie Crapeau muttered, “Mon Dieu",
and, in as far as possible, kept out of the
way of eight Germans who comprised the

57
58

BILL ADAMS

port watch under Wally Brown. The
Germans were most of them big men,
with a taste for teasing a quick tempered
and very temperamental little French-
man.

  The remaining member of the second
mate’s watch was Joseph, a young
Jamaica negro. Perhaps he has scarcely
any place in this story, but there he
was. Black as your hat, sloe eyed, flat
footed, a very passable seaman, and ex-
ceedingly proud of being a fellow citizen
to seven of the eight gay apprentices.
And he was the apprentices’ special
delight.

  On a dark night the Irish lad would
cover himself with an old piece of white
canvas and stalk up to the focsle head
where Joseph would be keeping lookout.

  The first time he did so Joseph leapt
down to the main deck, yelling that there
were “ha’nts” on the sea. The second
time he ran to the poop and tried to tell
Gilbert Cutting about the “ha’nts.”
And Gilbert Cutting took a belaying pin
from the rail and chased him back for-
ward. The third time Joseph made for
the poop again, and old George Gwilliam,
who chanced to be up and taking a mid-
night stroll in his pajamas, ordered the
negro put in irons.

  “Delirium tremens,” said old George
Gwilliam.

  For the twenty-four hours that Joseph
was kept locked up the eight boys
laughed up their sleeves, and Gilbert
Cutting, who’d once been an apprentice
himself, kept his own counsel.

  It was the grin on Tomkins’ face that
at last made the skipper suspicious. He
ordered the negro released and the ap-
prentices sent aft; and since he had [no
evidence he gave his boys a piece of his
mind in general.

  “Next time any of you get caught
stealing from the cook I’ll give every one
of you a bad reference,” said he. But
when they were gone he said to himself,
“Every one o’ them lads o’ mine’ll make
a cracking fine officer. They’ve the stuff
in them. Too bad it is that they will have
to go into those dirty streamers.”

  Had it not been for the eight sturdy
Germans it would have been a hard
matter to handle the big barque. The
dagoes were light. Johnnie Crapeau and
Joseph were light. But those eight were
beef, and they never hung back when a
good pull was needed. And as they
hauled they laughed at the second mate’s
light watch, and at the young apprentice
lads. Had it not been that they did not
want their own faces busted by Wally
Brown, the eight boys would have taken a
try at busting the faces of the eight
“squareheads”. Wally’s motto was “a
peaceful ship”.

  “Roll and go, you blasted old cargo
tank,” said the apprentices.

  “If I don’t work these problems to five
places of decimals the examiner’ll fire me
for sure,” grumbled Gilbert Cutting.

  “And me like a fool thinking I’d ever
be skipper of a clipper!” muttered Wally
Brown. “Oh, well! More days, more
dollars!”

  “Yes,” thought old George Gwilliam,
who had made up his mind to retire at the
end of the voyage, “I will buy the little
farm a mile out of Monmouth. I will
have Alderney cows, some black pigs and
a flock of speckled chickens.”

  “Yah,” laughed the biggest of the Ger-
mans, his round blue eyes on the flushed
face of Johnnie Crapeau, “vee eat oop der
French!”

  The other Germans chuckled. So
Johnnie Crapeau went to the deck and
sat on a bollard, while the six dago
sailors slapped their thighs and pre-
tended to be very much amused.

  Having quite made up his mind to re-
tire at the end of the voyage, old George
Gwilliam had gotten over his impatience *
by the time that he sighted Pitcairn. He
hove his ship to for an hour or so off
Pitcairn; and what with pineapples, green
coconuts, mummy apples, oranges and
bananas, brought off by the natives, she
looked like and she smelt like a floating
fruit store when they headed her away
toward Cape Horn again.

  And though of late they’d been rather
more quarrelsome than usual, the ap-
THE LAST OF THE ’HORNS

59

prentices were at peace when Pitcairn
dipped under the sea. Their bellies were
full, and a full belly always did mean a
contented apprentice. The mates were
contented too. Germans, dagoes, French-
man, negro, all were content. They’d
both seen and scented land again, and no
voyage lasts for ever. One of these days
they’d come to port, draw their pay and,
in the sailor’s fashion, own the earth
awhile.

         IT WAS a week after leaving
the island that Lyderhorn
sighted a black hulled cargo
ran tramp coming up astern. Dense
smoke pouring from her funnel, she
panted through the sea as, coming to heel
at the call of her master, an old bitch
pants through dew sodden grasses.

  “Tomkins, hoist the ensign,” ordered
Wally Brown. “We’ll speak yon dirty
old tramp. She’s some blasted furriner.”

  Up fluttered Lyderhorn's ensign. On
came the panting freighter, and till she
was close abeam of the windjammer took
no notice at all of her flag. Then, as her
colors ran aloft, there came over the
tumbling blue waters a loud burst of
cheering. From Lyderhorn''s bows eight
German sailors raised a long, deep
throated shout. Another moment, and a
gold braided officer upon the steamer’s
bridge was bawling something to the
eight; bawling in a lingo that none but
they aboard the Lyderhorn could make
head or tail of. Bawling in such a tone
that you might have supposed that he,
and not old George Gwilliam at all, was
their commander. And as he bawled the
eight looked from one to another with
astonished, unbelieving, questioning faces.
And when he was done, the biggest of the
eight shouted something back to him.
And by then the freighter was out of
hearing.

  So it was that tidings of war came to
the homewardbound Lyderhorn, and came
to her eight German sailors only; for at
the order of their big one the other seven
kept their counsel.

  “Vot ve going to do?” asked one.

  “Ve vait. Ve see,” replied the big fel-
low. “Some, vay ve gots to obey der
orders.”

  Toward sundown the breeze freshened.
Wally Brown blew his whistle and called
out all hands to trim the sails. Last in-
stead of first, as had hitherto been their
custom, came the eight German sailors.

  “Step along here, you squareheads!”
bellowed Wally. “What's come over
you?”

  “You’ll get your faces busted yet,” said
Tomkins to a German pulling beside him.
“Why’n hell don’t you use your weight ?”

  “Ve use der veight all right. Don’t
you mind dot,” answered the German,
solemn eyes on the apprentices’ sneering
faces.

  When Johnnie Crapeau went to the
wheel that night it was too dark for
Gilbert Cutting to see that his lip was cut
and swollen: but looking by the binnacle
light into the little Frenchman’s eyes he
wondered at their fiery sparkle.

  “Tough on you, John Frog, ain’t it,” he
asked, “having to live wi’ all them
squareheads?”

  “Squareheads!” The Frenchman recog-
nized that word. He’d heard it so often
on the lips of the apprentices.

  “Zose peoples,” said he, “zose peoples,
zey is all ze time speak vot zey call zee
’tag.” But Gilbert Cutting was gone out
of his hearing.

  “Damme if I think I’ll ever pass for
mate,” grumbled Gilbert Cutting as he
paced to and fro in the darkness.

“WHAT’S come over those
men in your watch, mister?”
asked old George Gwilliam of
Wally Brown next day.
“They’re loafing on the job.”

  “It must be them blasted apprentices,
sir,” answered the mate. “They’re all the
time threatening to bust the square-
heads’ faces.”

  “Send them to me,” said the skipper,
and aft came the eight apprentices.

  “You will understand I will have no
fighting on my ship, boys,” said the skip-
per. “We must get her along. We can’t
60

BILL ADAMS

make a good passage if there is bad blood
aboard her.”

  “The trouble with those lads, mister,”
said the skipper when the apprentices
were gone, “is that there isn’t enough
work.”

  Lyderhorn's decks had been holystoned
on her slow way down the Pacific. They
were spotless. Her paint work had been
scoured. It was spotless. Because her
tophamper was all in first class shape
there was little that even Wally Brown
could think of whereby to keep the
watches busy.

  “Put the young blackguards to chipping
in the lazarette, mister,” said the skipper,
importantly.

  Down to the gloomy, ill smelling
lazarette went the apprentices, and there
Wally set them to work at chipping
ancient rust from plates and beams.

  Chip-chip—tap-tap went the chipping
hammers for a minute or two aft^er the
mate was gone. And presently, hearing
no sound in the lazarette beneath the
saloon in which he sat, Skipper Gwilliam
rose, passed quietly into the steward’s
pantry, and looked down the lazarette
hatch in the deck thereof.

  “A fellow that goes to sea is seven
sorts of a silly fool,” came the voice of the
Scotch boy, “’specially with a Welsh
skipper. Welsh skippers are mean as
Satan.”

  “They aren’t half as mean as the
Scotch,” retorted Tomkins heatedly;
whereat a spirited fight started in the
lantern lit lazarette.

  George Gwilliam descended un-
observed.

  “Who started this?” he asked.

   “I did, sir,” said the Scotch boy.

   “I did, sir,” said Tomkins.

   “Any more of this sort of thing and I’ll
give every one of you a bad reference,”
warned the old skipper, and ordered the
two up from below.

  “You two are the oldest hands in the
half deck,” said he, when they stood be-
fore him in the saloon. “You should
know better.”

  He had to say something, and did not

know just what to say. He’d been raised
in a clipper himself, back in the grand old
palmy days before the steamers came to
spoil the sea; and he felt half sorry for
the apprentices of his slow bark.

  “Yes, sir,” said Tomkins, very respect-
fully, and “Yes, sir,” said the Scotch boy
equally respectfully.

  Any one of old George Gwilliam’s boys
would cheerfully have followed him to
hell and back.

  Old George Gwilliam led the way to a
store room adjoining his cabin. Because
Lyderhorn had once made a voyage to the
China Seas there was in that store room a
rack containing a dozen Martini rifles.
There were also a couple of cases of
cartridges.

“Fetch the carpenter,” said the skipper.
“Chips, show these boys how to clean
those rifles,” said he, when the car-
penter came. “That’ll keep ’em quiet,”
said he to himself.

  “Chips,” said Tomkins when the old
man was gone, “were you ever in the
China Seas.”

  Chips had been much in the China Seas.
He was an old man, even for a ship’s car-
penter. Many ship carpenters were very
old men. He’d seen the Borneo pirates
come off to board a Yankee clipper bound
for Boston with tea. He was from Boston
himself. He talked of Borneo, China, and
Boston.

  “It’s rotten we weren’t born sooner,”
said Tomkins. “There’s no scrapping
nowadays.”

  “Them boys, sir, they thinks they
owns the earth,” said Chips to the skip-
per as he passed through the saloon on
his way back to his shop.

  “I am retiring when she gets in,
Chips,” said the skipper, who chanced to
be feeling conversational. “I am going to
have a farm.”

  “I retired two or three times myself,
sir,” answered Chips. “It don’t never
work. A man comes back.”

  “I shall not come back, Chips,” an-
nounced old George Gwilliam.

  “Maybe not, sir,” replied the car-
penter. “She ain’t in yet, anyway.”
THE LAST OF THE ’HORNS

61

IF ONE knows the art of loaf-
ing on a job it can take a long
time to clean an old Martini.
It took Tomkins and the
Scotch boy a full week to clean the dozen
rifles. Wally Brown didn’t interfere with
them. Neither did Gilbert Cutting.
Neither did the skipper, though once or
twice he did put his head into the store
room to growl:

 “No smoking in there! You’ll be
getting bad references yet.”

  Meantime the other apprentices chip-
ped rust in the gloom of the lazarette, and
talked of their girls, and the Sydney
larrikins, and called one another liars,
and stole an occasional smoke and an
occasional snooze. And the foremast
sailors wiped and polished, and wiped and
polished again; the dagoes chattering
contentedly; the Germans strangely
silent, strangely solemn. Almost morose,
they seemed to have become. And so the
big bark came at last to the dreary waters
westward of Cape Horn. And there at
last she found wind instead of mere
breezes.

  There was no more wiping or polishing,
no more chipping rust. Tomkins and his
comrades took their places on the deck, in
battle with the roaring westerlies. Day
after day the wind howled. And lucky it
was for the big slow bark that it did
howl. For Von Spee’s cruisers, having
vanquished Admiral Craddock’s fleet off
Coronel, were in hiding amidst the islands
to the northward; in readiness to slip out
and scour the seas for allied commerce
at the first lull in the gales.

  While Lyderliorn rolled on into the
Atlantic, Wally Brown and Gilbert Cut-
ting raved day after day at the eight
German sailors; for they, it seemed, had
lost all interest in their labors; had be-
come afflicted with some mysterious dis-
ease that quite precluded hurry. For all
the raving of the mates, for all the gibes
of the apprentices, they were never the
first aloft. Moreover, it often happened
that when they had furled a sail it
shortly afterward worked loose, so that
dagoes or boys had to go aloft to restow

it. One might have supposed that they
had a grudge against the bark.

  Aware that the best men of his crew
were become slackers, George Gwilliam
ordered their allowances of grub cut
down. That did not cure, did not even
improve them. For them to rob the
dagoes, Johnnie Crapeau, and the negro
was a simple matter; and the robbed, and
not they, went hungry.

  On a shrieking, wind blasted evening
when the Germans’ food allowance had
been cut to a bare minimum, the dagoes,
Johnnie Crapeau, and Joseph at last went
aft to seek justice. They were half
starved, shivering, sea soaked. Blood
and bone were chill.

  “Monsieur Mate! Monsieur Mate!”
cried the little Frenchman from the sea
swept quarterdeck, to Wally Brown on
the more or less dry poop above. “Zosc
peegs—zose peegs—”

  Wind drowned his voice. Hissing
sprays whipped over him.

  “Zose peegs—” he began again, and a
grayback rolled over the bulwarks,
knocked him down, bowled him into the
rushing scuppers, and half drowned him.
Wally shook with merriment as dagoes
and negro followed the furious little
Frenchman back toward the focsle.

  In the shelter of the midship deck house
Johnnie Crapeau turned. Hating every
one on earth, and everything, he leaped
for the nearest dago, and clawing at one
another they rolled together into the
bubbling scuppers. Five of his comrades
at his heels, Tomkins ran out to see the
fun.

  Their big one cheering to the dago, the
Germans came streaming from the focsle.

  Cowed by a sudden blackness of the
windward sky, dagoes, Frenchman and
negro clung in the rigging while, with
Lyderliorn surging through a roaring sea,
fists and belaying pins flew.

  As Wally Brown, and Gilbert Cutting
came forward on the run, a fierce squall
beat the wallowing bark. There was
no time for discussion of any sort.

  “Get the fore topsail off her!” ordered
Wally Brown.
62

BILL ADAMS

  “All hands! Fore topsail down-haul!”
shouted Gilbert Cutting.

  The second mate’s men, the eight ap-
prentices, made for the rigging. But the
eight Germans went as one man to the
focsle.

  “You here! Get out!” bellowed Wally
at the focsle door.

  The big blue eyed, blond man looked
steadily at Wally and slowly shook his
head. The seven shook their heads.

  “Refusing duty, are ye?” asked Wally.
And none of the eight made any move or
answer.

 The mate hurried to old George
Gwilliam on his poop. Pistols in their
hands, skipper and mate went forward
together.

  “What’s the meaning of this?” de-
manded the skipper, knee deep in swirling
water without the focsle door; and had for
answer only gloomy stares.

  Pistol in hand, the skipper waited
while Wally Brown went aft for hand-
cuffs. While Gilbert Cutting saw to the
furling of the topsail, Wally ironed the
wrists of the Germans. As they went to
the sail locker hatch beneath which they
were to be imprisoned he took the knives
from their belts. And as Wally shut the
hatch upon them those eight German
sailors broke into song. It was “all
Dutch” to Wally.

  The squall eased. The windward sky
opened clear. Gilbert Cutting followed
old George Gwilliam and Wally to the
poop. And in their focsle the dagoes
muttered together. They were hungry.
And now, with the mate’s men locked up,
would be harder work than ever. Very
well! They would not work. The ship
might rot for all of them. They had been
made to work on every saint’s day. Now
they would not work at all. Joseph
shuddered as he heard them. But
Johnnie Crapeau sat on the sail room
hatch and called .down insults to his
tormentors.

  That work would be far harder than
ever did not trouble the apprentices at
all. They hoped the dagoes would refuse
duty too. Then it would be up to them

to bring the old hooker to port. They
could do it! They never for a moment
doubted that they could do it. Good old
skipper! Good old Wally Brown! Good
old Cutting!

  “Have ye had fightin’ enough, boys?”
laughed Chips, looking in on them.

  But the wind was lulling, and before
a boy could answer the shouting of
the mates brought them all to the deck
again. Somehow, with only Frenchman
and negro to help them, they shook out
the fore topsail and hoisted it again.
Not till the heavy sail was stretched did
Wally Brown report to his skipper that
the dagoes too were refusing duty.

  “Lock ’em up!” ordered the skipper.

  Alone, belaying pin in hand, Wally
herded the dagoes below, into the sail
room with the Germans. But he did not
iron them. For one thing, there were no
more irons. And for another he did not
consider them worth the trouble of
ironing.

  During the night the wind fell. The
apprentices sang and shouted as they
piled full sail upon the bark. By dawn
the weather was hazy, the breeze very
light; Lydcrhorn to the southwest of the
Falklands, and scarcely moving. Now
and again from beneath the sail room
hatch there came the noisy chorus of a
German song.

HISTORY records that while
the battle of the Falkland
Islands was at its height, while
Von Spee’s cruisers were run-
ning from Admiral Sturdco’s great ships,
there emerged, far away, under full sail
from the haze, a lofty bark. She ap-
peared suddenly, as though arisen from
the sea. Then, as she had come, she
vanished. Mists engulfed her.

  “It’s not thunder! What the devil is
it? ’ exclaimed Tomkins, as he stepped to
the deck just after breakfast on a misty
morning.

  While skipper and mates gazed from
the poop, while apprentices, Frenchman,
and negro, gazed from the main deck, all
mystified and none of them dreaming of
THE LAST OF THE ’HORNS

63

war, there swept from the haze a long
gray hull with tall, smoke belching fun-
nels. A wild cheer rose from the ap-
prentices as swift on her flying heels there
raced another thundering shape.

  Old George Gwilliam turned to Wally
Brown.

  “Mister,” said he, “it’s the day!”

  Tomkins darted into the half deck.
When in a moment he returned his old
dungarees were gone and in their place
he wore the uniform of a midshipman of
the reserve.

  “Who d’ye think you’re goin’ to eat?”
laughed the old carpenter.

  Ignoring Chips, the eldest apprentice
went to the poop and to his skipper.
The fighting ships were lost in the east-
ward haze.

  “What is it, boy?” asked old George
Gwilliam.

  “The day, sir,” answered Tomkins.

  “We’re but an old merchantman, lad,”
said the skipper. “We’ve no part in it.”

  “May I get those rifles up, sir?” asked
Tomkins.

  His brows screwed up, half in amuse-
ment, half in serious thought, the old man
looked at his apprentice’s eager face.

  “Aye. Get ’em up,” said he, and when
the boy was gone turned to his mates.
“D’ye mind the day we saw yon German
steamer south of Pitcairn? That’s what’s
been the matter with your watch, Brown.
They’ve known it all along. Ye’d best go
see they’re safely ironed.”

  As Wally came to the sail room hatch
there rose a spintering of wood. The
Germans swarmed to the deck. At their
heels came the dagoes. Shoved aside,
Wally stumbled and fell. The Germans
ran on. The dagoes stayed to kick him.
Bruised and bloody, he rose and grasped
a belaying pin from the rail. As rabbits
drop into their burrows, they vanished
down the hatch again.

  Beside the midship house the mate
paused to help Gilbert Cutting to his feet.
Chips stepped from his shop, and looked
along the deck. The Germans were at the
foot of the poop ladder. Alone upon his
poop was old George Gwilliam. There

was no apprentice to be seen. All were in
the saloon, where Tomkins was passing
rifles out. At the moment that he heard
Wally Brownrshouting to him he heard
the tramp of heavy feet, the sound of ex-
cited guttural voices, on the poop ladder.

  By the time that the mates and car-
penter arrived on the poop eight Germans
were lined up, their hands above their
heads.

  A little man with flashing eyes sprang
up the ladder after the carpenter, in each
hand a belaying pin. He was singing at
the top of his voice—

  “Aux armes, citoyens!”

  His eyes bulging from his head, Joseph
let go the wheel spokes and without wait-
ing to go down the ladder made the dis-
tance in one jump. Running forward to
find a safe hiding place, he came face to
face with the dagoes, stopped in his
tracks, and uttered a wail of terror. A
peal of laughter rang from the apprentices.

  While the apprentices watched the
Germans, the mates and carpenter dis-
armed the dagoes and herded them for-
ward. When they presently reappeared
they carried a heavy mooring chain.
They carried it to the poop, where the
carpenter shackled eight pairs of German
wrists to it.

  “Back to the sail locker with ’em,”
ordered the skipper, and turned to the
dagoes.

  Seeing that the game was up, the dagoes
promptly decided that they had all and
more than they wanted of hard bread and
water, of being imprisoned in the dark-
ness below decks. They’d work! Cer-
tainly they’d work. “Si, si, Signor
Capitan!”

  There was no more of wiping or polish-
ing for the apprentices now. Left to
themselves except when if became neces-
sary to handle sails, they walked the deck
contentedly; or, each armed with a
Martini, were drilled by Tomkins; while
skipper, mates and carpenter looked
amusedly on. The dagoes wiped and
polished as though the bark had ever
been their pride. And tucking a splice
here and there, Johnnie Crapeau sang to
64

BILL ADAMS

himself. And Joseph, shuddering, won-
dered what was to be the end of it all.

  In the middle of a dark squally night
an apprentice paused by the sail room
hatch. In a few moments he was running
to the poop. And having listened to what
he had to say, Wally Brown called the
skipper on deck.

  When skipper, mates and carpenter
arrived in the sail room there was com-
plete silence there; silence, that is, to any
ears but ears well used to the usual
sounds of a ship. Outstretched on the
spare sails, eight German sailors lay
seemingly fast asleep.

  Seeking the meaning of a sound of fast
trickling water, Chips held his lantern
high.

  “The blasted weasels,” ejaculated
Wally Brown.

  Through a small jagged hole in one of
the plates a steady stream of water was
flowing into the sail room and on to the
hold below. While Chips prepared to plug
the hole, Wally Brown kicked the nearest
German. He woke with a start, sat up,
and stared blinking at the light. One by
one as Wally kicked them they sat up
and blinked at the light.

  “Innocent as blasted babies,” grunted
the mate, and sought the tool whereby
they’d made that jagged hole.

  Up the leg of the big man’s dungarees
he found an old iron rust chisel.

  For the rest of that night an ap-
prentice was left to keep watch in the sail
room. When day came the skipper
ordered the prisoners released from their
chain and locked in their focsle.

  Thoughtfully sitting in his cabin, or
pacing his poop, old Skipper Gwilliam
pondered on the behavior of the men of
the mate’s watch. Perhaps, if in a Ger-
man ship, his own countrymen might
have behaved in much the same fashion.

  “Those fellows are all right,” said he to
himself. “They’ll be asking to be
allowed to turn to pretty soon.”

  For he was quite sure that the war was
long ago over. Victoriously over. The
fight off the Flaklands had without any
doubt at all been the end of it.

  Skipper Gwilliam ordered the prisoner’s
food increased to the usual allowance.
And handing his mate a package of
tobacco, he said—

 “See that those men have some
smoking, mister.”

 When Wally put his arm in at a
focsle port and dropped the tobacco on
their table the Germans looked from one
to another with solemn eyes.

  “Ve got to obey der orders,” muttered
the big man. “Ve got to obey der
orders.”

“Mister Brown,” said the skipper,
“have the boys bring those rifles aft.
There’s been enough monkey business.”
Very regretfully, the apprentices re-
turned the rifles to their rack.

  The sea was empty, Lyderliorn alone.
A long slow passage with continual light
winds. Ah, well! She’d be home after a
while. And waiting on the road by
Momouth was a little farm. Alderney
cows. Black pigs. Speckled hens.

“MISTER MATE,” called the
big man to Wally one fine
morning.

  “Well, what is it boys?”
  “Ve likes to turn to now, sir.”

  “Now we’ll maybe be able to get the old
hooker along for home,” said Wally. But
when no mate and no apprentice was in
sight the big man whispered to his com-
rades.

  Once more Lyderliorn was a peaceful
ship. If now and then a dago grumbled
at having to work on a saint’s day, no one
paid any attention. The Germans worked
as they had worked ere ever Pitcairn
was sighted. And, warned by Wally,
no apprentice longer dared to seek a
quarrel with them. No apprentice very
much cared to do so anyway: for, war
being victoriously over, they felt half
sorry for the squareheads. Only once in
a while the Belgian boy ventured a sneer.
Gilbert Cutting put a stop to that.
“You damn’ little Dutchie, you ain’t
but a furriner yourself! Cut it out!”

  How was a man to give his mind to
longitude by chronometer problems if
THE LAST OF THE ’HORNS

65

there was to be any more monkey busi-
ness? So muttering to himself, “Zese
peoples forget too queek,” the Belgian boy
subsided.

  And so by and by the big bark came
up out of the trade wind seas into the
regions of Sargasso weed, and, with a
southwest wind filling her great sails,
sailed with the warm Gulf Stream
waters all about her, and long amber
garlands of the weed parting at her bluff
bow. And so she came to the north-
westward of the Azores, and sighted, one
somber cloudy evening, one of those
islands. That evening the southwest
wind died, and old George Gwilliam
watched his barometer.

  And soon a hard northwest squall burst
on the bark and all hands were called
out to shorten sail in a hurry. Before
four bells, at ten o’clock, the mountains
of the western ocean were flinging tons of
water all across her decks. And all the
time that sail was being taken in the
German sailors led the way; so that,
though caught of a sudden by a furious
squall, not a rope was lost and not a cloth
of canvas.

  “Those fellows are a fine lot,” said old
George Gwilliam.

  Wally Brown agreed. And so did Gil-
bert Cutting. Even Tomkins himself
admitted that if only they were not
squareheads they’d be dandy fine sailors.
And if the big blond man went from one
to another of his comrades as they
labored in the darkness on the. racking
spars and told his plan none but they saw
or heard him. Sea upon sea thundered
over the bulwarks. Spray on spray
threshed the topsail leeches.

  It was a little after midnight when the
big man beckoned to his fellows and
stepped from the focsle to the water
swamped deck. The wind was an unin-
termittent roar.

  Having bidden his fellows await his re-
turn, the big man proceeded cautiously
aft to reconnoiter. Peering through the
misty closed ports of the half deck, he
saw the mate’s apprentices, their tired
arms on the table, their drowsy heads on

their arms. Seeking the whereabouts of
the mate, he crept up the poop ladder.
The mate was at the helmsman’s side.
He could just discern Wally’s dim form
at the outer edge of the compass light,
that shone upon the face of Tomkins
steering. Since there was no light in the
chart room the skipper must be below.

  Enveloped in a blackness impenetrable,
the big man returned to his comrades.
Though the sea tore at his legs, swirled
to his waist, and at times sucked almost
to his shoulders, he proceeded easily;
hands on the lifeline, feet firm on the
steep pitch of the deck.

  Once again the big man went aft, and
this time his comrades accompanied him.
Once more he peered through a half deck
port, making sure that the apprentices
yet slept. A few moments, and he had
passed half deck, carpenter’s shop and
cook’s galley, and stood with a hand on
the door of the lamp locker at the after
end of the midship house. There he
turned and, his lips to the ear of the man
next him, shouted. The man next to him
turned and shouted to another. Water
swirling about them, the seven gathered
close about the lamp room door.

  The big man was in the lamp room, a
marlinespike in one hand, a lighted
match taken from a waterproof box in the
other. The light of the one match gave
him all the knowledge he needed. Anchor
lanterns swaying from hooks about his
head interested him not at all. Wooden
cases chocked in cleats upon the deck in-
terested him much. To pry one open,
take out two five gallon cans of kerosene,
and pass them out to the man at the door,
was the work of a moment. That done,
he waited: waited for long enough to
enable his fellows to convey those two
cans to the top of the forward deck
house. When the door of the lamp room
opened and a hand reached in he passed
out two more five gallon cans. And
thus, in the space of perhaps half an
hour, ten cans of kerosene were carried
from the lamp room to the top of the
deck house. Having passed out the last
can, the big man nailed down the lids of
66

BILL ADAMS

the emptied cases, returned to the
deck, and made his way to the top of
the house, where, his fellows bided his
coming.	1

  There was a skylight on the top of the
fore deck house. Beneath the skylight
was a ventilator shaft. For the big man
to cast off the canvas cover of the sky-
light, to open the skylight and to lower
himself into the shaft was the work of a
moment. And, with the help of an iron
belaying pin and a marlinespike, to force
the grating at the bottom of the shaft was
quite simple. It was pitch dark in the
shaft, darker if possible than on the top of
the deck house. But all sailors are used
to working in the dark.

  The big man stood upon the lumber in
the between decks hold. To his upreach-
ing hands there came, one by one, ten
five gallon cans of oil.

  The big man worked very swiftly, for
at any minute the mate might come for-
ward on a round of inspection. In a few
minutes fifty gallons of oil were spread over
lumber and barley. In a few minutes ten
empty cans were tossed to the sea. In a
few minutes eight blue eyed sailors, water
dripping from their shiny oilskins, sat
innocently playing a game of cards in the
focsle.

         “LORD, what a blow!” growled
         Wally Brown upon the poop.

~ : Leaning against the wind, leav-
ing the comparative security of
the poop for the floods of the main deck,
he descended to make a round of in-
spection.

  He was but starting on his forward way
when something, it might he thought
have been a piece of planking, struck him
so heavily that he was winded, knocked
from his feet and swept into the rushing
scuppers. Somehow he regained his feet
and wind, and somehow contrived to
grasp a swaying rope and swing himself
to the safety of the boat skids above. In
another moment he was back on the poop,
speaking down the tube to the skipper’s
cabin.

  “Blowing very hard, sir,” reported

Wally, and added, “The port lifeboat’s
been carried away.”

  Well, a boat more or less did not matter
so very much. There were two more like
her; one on the skids of the opposite side
of the quarterdeck, and one on the top of
the forward deck house. But just the
same, it might be well to pass some extra
lashings about that other quarter boat.
Wally Brown made his way to the half
deck.

  “Tumble out here, you! Get some
extra lashing round that starboard quart-
erboat! The port boat’s gone. And look
out you hold on good, damn you! And
what d’ye mean, sleeping in your watch
on deck anyway?”

  “Wonder if them squareheads is all
asleep too,” thought Wally, antT made his
way to the focsle and looked in at a port.

  No. The Germans were all wide awake
and playing cards. And he could tell by
the looks of their oilskins that they had
not very long ago been out on deck. The
squareheads were all right! Let them
blasted apprentices get out and lash
down the boat. No sense in bothering
good men.

  When Wally came back to the poop the
apprentices were there waiting for him.

  “The starboard boat’s gone too?”
Thunder, what a blow! Both gone with-
out his having heard a sound! Well, the
loss of the quarterboats did not matter so
very much. The old hooker would soon
be home now. And anyway the big boat
on top of the forward house could hold all
hands if need be.

  “You blasted boys see that you keep
awake,” ordered Wally.

  So the apprentices went back to their
half deck, put their arms on the table,
their heads on their arms, and took
another snooze, just as Wally had known
that they would.

  A few minutes before four of the
morning, when by rights Wally and his
watch should have gone off duty, the
fury of the gale increased. Gilbert Cut-
ting stepped from his room to a quarter-
deck waist deep; and as he scrambled
along a lifeline there came to him a
THE LAST OF THE HORNS

67

thought that he would like to have the
board of trade examiners there on that
wind blasted deck. Perhaps then they
would realize that it took more than
mere figures to fit a man for a mate’s
ticket.

  Fresh from snug bunks, the dagoes
came sleepy from the focsle; and, in-
stantly blown very wide awake, turned
and crowded back into it. For just at that
instant the fore topsail blew clean out of
its bolt ropes with a report like the report
of a cannon. And then as a cold white
disc of a moon swung up from the wind
ragged clouds, Germans, apprentices,
Frenchman and negro were fighting their
way up the rigging to save what was
left of the sail and Wally Brown was
yelling: „

  “Where’s them blasted dagoes? All
hands aloft!”

 Then he was dragging them out,
kicking them out, fisting them out, and
they were feeling for their knives of
course. But he’d chucked their knives
over the side long ago. And, after all,
the dagoes might as well have been left
below: for all they did now was to cling to
the lifelines and prate to their saints.
And as, now to their knees, to their
waists, now shoulder deep, in rushing
water, beaten by yelling squalls and
hissing spray, the rest of the crew toiled
till daylight. Wally Brown and Gilbert
Cutting, working with them, swore that
they were all of them cracking fine sailors.
It was full daylight when a new topsail
was set at last. The wind was lulling by
then. And setting it they sang; the big
blond German leading their singing.

  And, after the way with many sea
chanteys, the big man’s singing had a slow
mournful swing to it. Somehow that
great blue eyed sailor made his singing
seem a dirge in that cold dawning; so
much like a dirge that Tomkins cried:
“Hey, big Dutchie! Can’t you be
cheerfuler? She’s homeward bound,
squarehead!” And Wally Brown, turn-
ing to Gilbert Cutting, asked—

  “Whose funeral is it, Gil?”

  After the sail was set and the Germans

were back in the focsle the big man
looked from one to another of his com-
rades,

  “After der blow coom der fine vedder,”
said he. “Ve obey der orders.”

  All looked solemnly at one another and
were silent, for all had seen that both the
quarterboats were gone. And all that
day they seemed so doleful, were so oddly
silent, that the apprentices, dog weary
themselves but pretending that no such
thing as weariness existed, laughed at the
squareheads, supposing that these strong
men were tired from the gale.

  By midafternoon the wind had blown
out the last of its fury, and by the dog
watch the bark was under full sail once
more. By nightfall she was slipping along
upon her course with scarce wind enough
to keep her sails full, the weather very
misty all about her. And after dark the
weather thickened more and more, so
that first all the little and later all the
larger stars were hid.

  Wally Brown walked contentedly up
and down the poop. A very few weeks
now and the old hooker would be home.
And after figuring on a problem or two
Gilbert Cutting turned in and went to
sleep. And old George Gwilliam turned
in and went to sleep too, and dozed off
with a vision of sleek little Alderneys
belly deep in green Welsh grasses.

  The second mate’s apprentices and men
were asleep as soon as their heads touched
their pillows, of course. And the four
boys of Wally’s watch drowsed, their
arms on the table and their heads on their
arms; all but Tomkins, whose wheel it was
from eight to ten. But the men of the
mate’s watch stayed very wide awake,
seven of them in their focsle, and the
other on the lookout in the bow.

■ HALF past eight o’clock of a

•	pitch dark foggy night.

  The big man stepped from
the focsle. Because he would
be able to hear rather better so, he was
bareheaded. Fog dripped on his curly
yellow head. He had counted on utter
darkness, but fog was a boon that he had
68

BILL ADAMS

not counted on. It would help to deaden
sound.

  As very slowly, very cautiously, lest he
chance to meet the mate or some wakeful
prowling apprentice, the big maft walked
aft to reconnoiter. He peeped through a
closed and mist blurred half deck port and
saw three apprentices asleep, their heads
on the table. A few steps more, and he
listened at the door, at the keyhole, of the
carpenter’s shop. Long snores from
Chips, in his bunk just within. He pro-
ceeded to the foot of the poop ladder.
Where, he wondered, was the mate.
The wash of the sea he could hear, and
the slow drip of fog that fell from spar
and yard. But he could hear no foot-
steps; so the mate, he knew, was not
walking the poop.

  Slowly, cautiously he ascended the
poop ladder, and very slowly, very
cautiously, he stole a little way along
the poop. Good. The mate was at the
wheel talking to Tomkins. None but a
very easy going mate would be talking to
the man at the wheel; but then Tomkins
was eldest apprentice, and even a mate
can want some one to speak to when dark
sea nights are long and days in sail will
soon be over.

  Reassured, the big man returned to
those who bided his coming.

 A few moments more, and seven
Germans were on the top of the fore deck
house.

SHE WAS a big, a heavy boat,
that boat on the top of the fore
deck house. Dagoes, French-
man and negro could have
pulled their arms out and never have
budged her. But she began to lift, to
sway a little. And in a few moments she
hung clear of the bark’s side and swung
above the water. And in juSt another
moment six Germans, and the man from
the lookout with them, were in her and
ready to lower the instant the word came.

 Not a sound. Not a creak or a
groan.

  And now the big man was down the
ventilator shaft again; and this time he

closed the skylight behind him. Be-
tween his teeth were matches.

  In less than thirty seconds the big man
was out of the ventilator shaft, and the
skylight was shut again, and its canvas
cover drawn over it.

  The bell clanged from the poop. Three
bells. Half past nine o’clock. Another
half hour and it would be the big man’s
turn to take the wheel. And now he
jumped to the lookout man’s deserted
station and struck the forward bell in
customary reply.

  “A-l-l-l-’s well, sir!” shouted the big
man. And from the poop there came the
deep voice of Wally Brown, “All right!”

  Total darkness. Dense fog, and never
a sound. Not so much as splash or ripple
as the boat took the water. ^

THE BELL clanging from the
poop again. Four bells. Ten
o’clock, and Tomkins due to be
relieved at the wheel. And
this time no bell replying from the focsle
head. Just drip of fog, and sough of sea.

  “Did ye hear that forward bell?” from
Wally Brown.

  “No, sir,” from Tomkins.

  “What’s the matter with that square-
head?” muttered Wally; and after waiting
a few moments longer went forward.

  “You young blackguards,” said Wally
Brown, looking in on his three appren-
tices, “what d’ye mean by sleeping in
your watch on deck anyway? And why
the blazes don’t ye trim your lamp, eh?
The blasted thing’s stinking.” None
but a very easy going mate would ever
have allowed his boys to have a lamp
alight during their watch on deck, any-
way. “After this,” added Wally, “you’ll
douse your glim in your watch on deck.”

  So an apprentice blew the lamp out, and
the three of them came to the deck.

  “Sniff, sniff, sniff,” from an ap-
prentice. “I’ll say the lamp was stink-
ing.”

  “That’s not our lamp,” from another.
“It’s some dirty old trampsteaming
close. We wouldn’t see her lights in this
cursed fog.” And by that time Wally
THE LAST OF THE ’HORNS

69

Brown was passing the forward deck
house.

  A rope brushed Wally’s face. A rope
had no business there, swaying loose in
that fashion. He grasped and gave it a
pull to see what rope it was. A davit
fall! It must have worked loose in the
big blow. One of those fools of men ought
to have coiled it up.

  Wally Brown was on the focsle head,
where the lookout man who had failed
to strike the forward bell should be.
There was no one there. In all his years
at sea Wally had never before found a
focsle head without a lookout man on it
by night. He’d find that squarehead and
he’d give him a booting.

  No one in the focsle!

  “Ostendorf! Furst! Meyer! Muller!”
Lyderhorm’s mate calling his watch by
name. Where the blazes was the watch.
And what the devil was this stink of kero-
sene smoke?

  Wally Brown on the top of the for-
ward deck house. The boat gone!

  Wally Brown stumbling against the
skylight. The skylight hot!

  “All hands on deck!” roared Wally
Brown, and sprang from the deck house;
and dashing aft knocked over two won-
dering apprentices as he ran.

  “All hands! All hands!” he roared;
and awakened by the bellow of their
chief mate’s voice the second mate’s ap-
prentices were out of their bunks and on
deck ere ever one of the mate’s boys was
in the half deck to call them.

  Johnnie Crapeau was out of his bunk,
shaking the dagoes and Joseph. And
Chips was out, barefooted, in under-
shirt and drawers; sniffing oil smoke.

  “Lamp room must be afire.”

  And when, an instant later, Gilbert
Cutting was on deck, and dagoes, French-
man, and negro were out, and all the ap-
prentices were wondering what in the
world was up, Chips was in his lamp
room and had seen that some one had'
been tampering with his oil supply. One
nail pushed not quite home in the lid of
one of the cases told him all he needed
telling.

  Next moment Chips was on the poop,
where Wally Brown was calling down the
speaking tube to the skipper:

  “She’s afire, sir. The Germans have
taken the boat and gone.”

  And in a flash Chips knew all about it,
and in a low clear terrible voice was
saying:

  “They’ve set her afire sir. There ain’t
a drop of kerosene left in the lamp
room.”

  Three parts loaded. Plenty of room
for drafts. She’d - burn like tinder, of
course. Already a tiny tongue of flame
was licking round the edge of the fore-
ward deck house ventilator skylight.
And the dagoes were dashing madly this
way and that, from davit to davit,
screaming, cursing, calling on their saints.
And Tomkins at the wheel was saying to
himself, “By God, the old hooker’s
afire!” And the other apprentices were
asking one another where were the
squareheads. And the light had dawned
on Johnnie Crapeau, at whose side stood
Joseph, his eyes bulging from his head.

  Old George Gwilliam stood at the
break of his poop, one of his mates to
either side of him. The little farm on the
Monmouth road was suddenly become
very, very far away. And Wally Brown
had altogether forgotten his old dream-
ings. And in as far as Gilbert Cutting
was concerned such things as mate’s
certificates might never have been in-
vented.

  “Back the main yard and clew the
courses up,” ordered old George Gwilliam
to his mate; and to Chips he said some-
thing about building a raft. To the
second mate he said, “Take the cook and
steward and that boy from the wheel, and
get some stores up, mister.”

  And then Wally was bellowing orders.
The dagoes were far and away too terrified
to even hear any orders. So while they
ran hither and thither and got into every-
one’s way, and were kicked, fisted, and
cursed whenever they came within reach
of Wally, the seven boys and Johnnie
Crapeau, and Joseph, hauled up the
foresail and mainsail and crojick and
70

BILL ADAMS

swung the great main yard aback, so that
the bark came to rest and lay motion-
less, with a red tongue of flame leaping
hungrily from the forward ventilator
shaft, and another from the Ventilator
shaft on the top of the midship house,
and wisps of smoke creeping out and
round her hatches.

  Then Chips, lantern in hand, was lead-
ing seven apprentices and the Frenchman
and negro below, down the after hold; for
the sole wood available for the making of
a raft was that of the wooden stringers
fastened to the between deck beams.
And time was very short, for the hold was
thick with smoke and the heat already
well nigh unendurable. Only the Belgian
boy did not go below to help wrench away
stringers. He was just going below at the
heels of the others when the skipper called
him back and thrust a loaded Martini
into his hands. The decks were alight
now, lit with a ruddy flickering glow, and
old George Gwilliam had seen the frantic
dagoes.

  “Lend the mate a hand,” said old
George Gwilliam, and to the mate he
shouted, “Keep them men away from the
quarterdeck, mister!”

  While Chips and his hurrying company
dragged stringers from the after hatch to
the quarterdeck and commenced the
building of a raft, and while the second
mate, eldest apprentice, and cook and
steward, brought stores from the smoky
lazarette, Wally with his pistol and the
Belgian boy with a Martini held the
screaming dagoes back. And as the raft
began to take shape Gilbert Cutting and
Tomkins, driven from below by the heat
and the smoke, lent a hand; while cook
and steward stood helplessly by; two
skinny little Chinamen who could not be
of any use just then.

  And bye and bye, just as the outer dark
and the fog were a little dispelled by a
rising moon, the raft was finished.

  Old George Gwilliam looked down to
his quarterdeck. Sweat streaked soot
upon their faces, apprentices, carpenter,
and second mate, looked up to him. It
was a very inadequate affair, that raft:

 for what with the flame and the smoke
 down below there hadn’t been time to
 save a great many stringers.

  And, “Back! Back! Back!” warned
 Wally Brown, his pistol levelled. And,
 “Go vay back, cochons!” warned the Bel-
 gian boy.

   “Get the apprentices and cook and
 steward and carpenter away, sir,” ordered
 old George Gwilliam.

   There was room for no more on the
 raft. Even those few would be almost
 too many, what with the little store of
 food and the beaker of fresh water.

   The deck was very hot by now, but not
 too hot for Tomkins to dart past Wally
 Brown, through the dagoes, and into the
 half deck. And when in a moment he was
 back, his old dungarees were gone and he
 was garbed in the uniform of^_a.midship-
 man of the reserve. And while he was
 gone his comrades and the second mate
 and carpenter contrived to get the raft
 over the side. But no apprentice made
 any move to get upon it. Neither did
 Chips. Only the cook and steward slid
 down, and took the little store of food and
 water.

   “Apprentices and carpenter,” ordered
 Wally Brown. “Look alive now!”

   But Chips ascended the poop ladder
 and said something in an undertone to old
 George Gwilliam, who looked into his
 grizzled face and nodded understandingly.

   “Over with you, boys!” ordered old
 George Gwilliam.

   “Over you go, lads!” ordered Wally
 Brown.

   “Ovaire viz, ze garcons!” cried Johnnie
 Crapeau. “Ze sheep burn vaire queek
 now.”

   Joseph stood stock still. He’d go when
 the word came and he’d not go till then.

   It was Tomkins who stepped to the side
 of Wally Brown.

   “Let the dagoes go, sir. They don’t
 belong with the old hooker. We do,” said

 *	the eldest apprentice.

   Flame was leaping from the sail room
 hatch. Flame was leaping from fore and
 midship ventilator shafts, hungrily reach-
 ing toward flapping folds of foresail and
THE LAST OF THE HORNS

71

mainsail. And the deck was almost too
hot to stand upon barefoot; as the second
mate’s apprentices, who had been so sud-
denly wakened, were standing. And in a
cowering group the dagoes faced pistol
and Martini.

  Wally Brown handed his pistol to
Tomkins and ascended to his skipper’s
side. And as his mate repeated the eldest
apprentices’s words old George Gwilliam
nodded understandingly.

  “Mr. Cutting, get the men of your
watch away, sir,” ordered the skipper.

  Over the side, helter skelter, shoving
and crowding, went the dago sailors. But
Johnnie Crapeau shook his head in Gilbert
Cutting’s face.

  “Meestaire Cutting,” said he, “s’il
vous plait! Eeef you please, sir!” And
Gilbert Cutting nodded. And no one at
that moment remembered Joseph. So he
stayed where he was. And the raft was
gone- _	*s'

THE MOON shone bright
upon the western ocean, shone
bright upon a boat in which
were eight sturdy blue-eyed
sailors; a boat with her tiny sail spread to
the little breeze, the sea bubbling about
her bow and sucking round her counter.

  Tiller in hand, a great blond sailor
stood erect; his gaze upon the lowering
horizon; upon a long low line of utter
darkness swiftly rising from the moaning
sea rim. One winter gale just done, and
now another coming! And only a ship’s
old fragile boat to face it in!

  “Vot ve do now?” called the solemn
voice of a sailor in the boat’s bow.

  “Aye. Vot ve do now?” whispered one
and another, eyes now upon that fast
oncoming line of blackness, now on the
giant steersman.

  And the big blond sailor answered—

  “Ve have obey der orders.”

  And as the steersman spoke the moon
went out. Darkness enfolded the waves

of the western ocean, enfolded the fragile
boat. Silence fell. Silence broken but by
the slow flap of a tiny sail.

  Silence lasted but a moment. A deep
voice broke it. A ringing voice that
breaking from the heart of darkness
seemed as high challenge to the growing
wind moan mourning from the throat of
swift awakening storm.

  “Lieb Vaterlandl Magst ruhig sein!

  Lieb Vaterland! Magst ruhig sein;

  Fest steht und treu die Wacht—”

  Drowning the steersman’s song, the
gale arose; wild moaning, seething, scream-
ing, thundering wind out of northwest.

THE MOON shone bright
upon a burning ship, upon a
company of men and boys who
gathered on her poop, close to
her wheel, where smoke was thinnest.
Eight young apprentice lads, an old
Welsh skipper, a mate, and second
mate, a grizzle browed ship carpenter, a
slight black eyed man, and a Jamaica
negro.

  It was Tomkins who stepped to old
George Gwilliam’s side and spoke a low
word or two. And old George Gwilliam
nodded.

  And Tomkins went to the chart room
and came forth in a moment with a small
red roll of bunting in his hand. And
two other apprentices took the roll of
bunting from his hand and bore it to the
signal halyards, and hoisted it. And
Gilbert Cutting reached above their
hands and jerked the halyards. And at
his jerk the roll of bunting broke wide
open.

  And the moon shone bright upon the
ensign of the Lyderhorn.

  And presently the moon went out. And
soon after that the wind rose; wild moan-
ing, seething, screaming, thundering wind
out of the northwest. And the Lyderhorn
was gone.
STEPHEN PAYNE

tells a story of a

Most Efficient Cowboy

NOT BEIN’ eddicated much, I
ain’t got no highfalutin’ word
for what ails our boss here at
the Muleshoe, but I here and
now opines that young Harry Badgley,
same bein’ high man o’ the Muleshoe, is
plum’ goofy in the cranium.

  Why? ’Cause when our old time fore-
man up an’ quits, Harry ’nounces as how
the waddy what proves hisself the most
efficient at all cowboy work—in other
words, the most expert cowboy—gets the
job. Now, ain’t that one lully-coola of a
scheme for to make a plum’ happy, con-
tented family of chap and spur wearin’
humans the grouchiest, sorest headed
bunch o’ orrie eyed haters you ever
seen? It positively is—take it from
me—an elongated, lantern jawed ol’-timer

what’s commonly known as Salty Bush.

  Young Harry inherited this ranch and
l’arnt most of what he thinks he knows
’bout cows and the fellers what herds ’em,
a-settin’ in a desk or chair at an agricul-
tural knowledge box and listenin’ to some
white collared jazbo spielin’ ’bout how
alfalfy and spinnach had orter be growed.

  Ye-ah, and by readin’ books ’bout cow-
boys and seein’ movin’ pictures of ’em.
Jus’ imagine! The mornin’ Harry makes
that ’nouncement, he says:

  “Now, who’s the best rider, who’s the
best shot, who’s the best roper, who’s the
best bulldogger, who’s the most efficient
man at rescuing a maiden in distress? To
such champion, all ’round, top hand cow-
boy goes the position of foreman.”

  Beautiful proposition, ain’t it? He

72
MOST EFFICIENT COWBOY

73

don’t want no cow foreman. What he
wants is a movin’ pitcher actor. Because
I’m the oldest rannie on the job and knows
that job had order be mine, I ventures to
voice my opinion.

  “Harry,” says I, “them qualerfications
is jake so far as they goes, but they don’t
cut much ice. You clean forgot to men-
tion as how a cow foreman had orter
savvy cattle and hosses, know all about
how to brand said critters an’ read brands
on ’em. Ye-ah, know how to run a

roundup and handle a trail herd an’-”

  “Aw, dry up, Salty,” a bull necked
rannie name o’ Sorrel Top cuts in.

  He’s wide enough atween the eyes, but
he ain’t very tall above ’em. He’s one o’
these ridin’ fools, Sorrel Top is. The kind
o’ a bronc fighter what can put a half dol-
lar in the bottom o’ each stirrup and hold
it there with his boot all the time a bronc
is a-bronckin’ his bronckiest.

  “Here’s where I gets to be foreman,”
says Sorrel Top. “For they ain’t a waddy
on the Muleshoe’s payroll can pack sad-
dles for me—not a buckin’ hoss.”

  “That’s the spirit!” shouts High Man
Harry. “Salty,” he continues to me, “I
don’t care to hear any more of your opin-
ions. Of course I realize that, as you fel-
lows say, you are kind of stove up, and I
haven’t seen you riding any bad horses
lately. Nevertheless, youth must have
its fling. If an old-timer can not qualify
he must take a back seat.”

  He pauses and Hook Bronson rumbles:
“Sorrel Top, you may be able to ride,
but kinda remember you’ve got to make a
showin’ at somethin’ besides scratchin’
hair and hide offen a sunfishin’ cayuse
afore you wins this yere foreman job.
Now, they ain’t many folks as knows jus’
how good I am at shootin’, at ropin’ and
at bulldoggin’. Harry, that j ob’s wrapped
up in a package branded with my name.”
Hook’s a big, raw boned, hook nosed
geezer, just about as pretty as a crocodile
and every bit as puny as a full growed,
plum’ healthy mountain lion. And,
gents, take it from me, that hombre ain’t
blowin’ off steam when he announces
what he can do.

HOWSOEVER, Relay Dick,
who’s one of these trim, flaxen
haired lads with a skin smoother
and softer ’n that of a two
months old calf, rolls him a smoke with a
steady hand and says real scornful:

  “I’m in on this, too. Sorrel, Hook, you
two buzzards had just as well go way back
and sit down.”

  “Uh-huh, and that goes for you, too,”
opines Boots Mondell, a-chewin’ his to-
bacco thin and dribbling some of it down
his gray beard. “Me,” he continues, “I
ain’t one to brag, but I sure am one of
them expert cowboys. Why, I come up
the trail from Texas when I was just a
yearlin’.”

  I says nothin’, but I glares at my four
side pards. There’s just five of us punchers
and we was a right amiable bunch, but
now I notices that I’s got no monopoly
on the glarin’ business. Strikes me right
off as how the waddy what does get to be
foreman of the Muleshoe ain’t goin’ to
be loved much by the bunch he’ll be fore-
man of. But Harry’s tickled as a well fed,
skim milk colt.

  “Gather up some bucking horses and
the wildest steers you can find,” says he.
“We’ll stage this competition properly.
Get all set to pull off the contests to-
morrow, boys. I have some friends and
relatives coming from the East. I’m
going to town now and get them. And
I’ll spread the word there so we’ll have
a big and appreciative audience. I’d like
to open this contest to all comers,” he
adds, “but that wouldn’t be fair to you
boys.”

  “Suits me. More the merrier,” says
Sorrel Top.

  “And me,” booms Hook Bronson.

  “No,” returns Harry. “Man that wins
will have plenty of chances to defend his
title as the most expert cowboy.”

  “I won’t,” says I, plenty grouchy,
“ ’cause I ain’t competin’.”

  “What?” gasps Harry.

  “Good reason why,” snickers Hook.

  “Ain’t there, though?” drawls Sorrel,
sarcastic.

  “Hey, you wallopers,” snorts Relay
74

STEPHEN PAYNE

Dick. “Cut that line out. No rubbin’
it in on an old range vet. My bones
ain’t brittle and my muscles is limber.
I’ll give you geezers a run for your
money.”

  “But, Salty,” says Harry, gazin’ at
me scornful, “Boots is most as old as you
and he’s going to compete. Are you going
to lie down?”

  “Not prezactly,” I returns. “Some-
body’s got to boss this monkeydoodle
shindig. I’ll stay with you long enough
for to see as it’s pulled off proper.”

  Harry don’t seem to appreciate that,
but as he don’t know how to manage a
rodeo—which is about what his contest is
shapin’ up to be—he turns the reins over
to me, merely suggestin’ as he’d like to
put on a few new stunts. One in particu-
lar, the rescue of a beautiful lady from
somethin’ or other. His cousin Arabelle,
who’s cornin’, she’ll be the lady.

  “Every one of them four expert cow-
boys has got to have a stab at rescuin’
her?” says I. “Be kinder tough on her,
won’t it?”

  “Oh, she’ll glory in it,” says Harry, and
slips me the lowdown as to why. Seems
one of the guests is goin’ to be the straw
boss or somethin’ of a movin’ pitcher lay-
out, and Arabelle wants to show that gent
how she can act.

  “Come nearer to catchin’ him if she
showed how she can cook,” I opines.
Harry sighs.

  “Salty, romance and you are complete
strangers.”

  “Correct,” says I. “I never met the
gent. He cornin’, too?”

  Harry don’t answer. He’s busy watch-
ing Hook Bronson and Boots Mondell
havin’ the gosh awfullest scrap you ever
seen, while at the same time Relay Dick
and Sorrel Top is also goin’ at each other
like proddy roosters. I’d told Hook and
Boots to go bring in a bunch of longhorn
steers and told the other two expert cow-
boys to round up some broncs. They’d
always necked their ponies alongside each
other afore this, with plenty of cheerful
banter but no flyin’ fists or bloodshed.
But this contest business . . .

I RAMBLES down and pulls
Sorrel Top offen Relay.

“Cut this, and get them
broncs!” I bellers.

  “I ain’t ridin’ with that purtty jack-
anapes,” snorts Sorrel.

  “Nor me with that two legged bull,”
growls Relay, boundin’ to his feet and
cornin’ at Sorrel, head down. Sorrel tries
to bust loose from me, and I gives him
my right paw right behind his ear, thus
bustin’ him proper.

  “ ’Tend to business an’ do as I told
you,” I tells Relay, “or I’ll slap you silly.”

  He sizes me up belligerent for about a
minute and then goes to his hoss. Sorrel
gets up, holdin’ his head, and does like-
wise. Harry has been hoppin’ round and
round the two other expert cowboys
what’s all tangled up on the ground.
Hook has got a death grip on old Boots’
beard, and Boots is yellin’ bloody mur-
der.

  “Salty,” squeals Harry, “what’ll we
do?”

  For answer I snatches Hook’s quirt off
his saddle horn and wades into them two
fightin’ gents. In about one second they
doubles up on me. Things looks doubtful
for a minute, but that quirt has a most
awful useful butt end. Some two min-
utes later them two cowpokes gets very
respectful to Salty Bush and says, “Yes,
sir,” as they forks their horses and rides
off.

  Harry looked at me kinda curious, a
look I can’t fathom, as he hooks up to the
three seated spring wagon and pulls for
town. I’m powerful busy the rest of the
day a-gettin’ some unefficient help
rounded up for to pull off this efficiency
contest at this efficiency ranch.

’BOUT sundown the cowboys
what all hankers to be foremen
brings in the broncs and the
steers. They don’t! look like
they’d resumed fistic hostilities, but they
ain’t speakin’ to one another. I has never
seed so much silence round our supper
table. We don’t eat with the dudes what
Harry has brought home, though we sees
MOST EFFICIENT COWBOY

75

’em prognosticatin’ about and investi-
gatin’ things.

  Harry hunts me up to give me a knock-
down to Arabelle. We can’t find her, for
the reason, as we later discovers, that
Relay Dick has took her out ridin’. Fast
worker, that younker; but havin’ lamped
Arabelle, I don’t blame him none. She’s
a trim, nifty hoofed little lady with curly
yellow hair and them kinda “come
hither”, gosh awful pretty blue eyes.

  “Doggone your hide, Harry,” I says,
“you goin’ to let that girl get in danger?”
“She won’t be in danger,” he returns,
colorin’ up like a Colorado sunset. “But,”
he continues, “I’ve changed my plans.
There’ll be only one rescue and I’ll per-
form that.”

 “Uh?” gasps I. “That fair to your
efficient cowboys?”

 “Why not?” snaps Harry. “I’ll not
compete against them in anything else.
I’d not do this except that, with Mr.
Bemar Nicol here, it means so much to
Arabelle. Confound that Relay Dick,
anyhow!”

  “Gosh!” I chuckles, thinkin’, “Young
Relay’s chances o’ becomin’ foreman is
mighty slim now.” Then I meets a pom-
pous little feller what appears to have ate
too much all his life and worked too little,
who is Mr. Bemar Nicol.

  He ain’t so awful old, either, and he’s
huntin’ for Miz Arabelle, too. Which
way’d she go? He’s thinkin’ of walkin’
out to see if he can find her, when a lady
what weighs about a hundred and sixty-
nine on the hoof makes her appearance
and suggests it’s time hubby was helpin’
unpack her luggage.

  Strikes me as Arabelle’s chances o’
gettin’ into the pictures is most awful
good so far as Bernar is concerned, but
yet most awful remote. Uh-huh. I am-
bles to the bunkhouse and there observes
Boots Mondell and Hook Bronson sepa-
ratin’ their beddin’ and the stuff in their
mutual warbag. They ain’t sayin’ a word
to each other, but seems to have agreed to
quit bunkin’ together. Sorrel Top is
sortin’ out his plunder from amongst that
of Relay Dick. It sure is one happy fam-

ily. I’m glad I didn’t enter that contest,
even through I won’t never get to be
foreman and’ll have to leave the Mule-
shoe, for I’ll be danged if I’ll take orders
from any one of them three grouchy
rannies. Relay Dick, now, he might not
be so bad.

  I smokes a while, but the tobacco don’t
taste good and I finally moseys to the
barn for to bed down—my bed bein’ up
in the haymow. I ain’t much more’n got
settled when Relay and Arabelle rides
in and I hears ’em talkin’.

  “Miz Arabelle,” says Relay kinda
husky, “I don’t cotton much to this idea
you’ve got of joinin’ the movies.”

  “And why not?” asks she.

  “ ’Cause,” stammers Relay.

  “A woman’s answer,” says Arabelle.

  “Mebbe,” stutters Relay, “mebbe you
kinda get what I mean. Course, if I was
goin’ to be along with you—” He hesi-
tates.

  “It means everything to me,” she comes
back. “Now, Dick, be nice and pull off a
wonderful rescue tomorrow. You will,
won’t you?” she begged in that tone that
melts any calf eyed young fool’s heart.

  I can hear Relay expel his breath.

  “Oh, but won’t I?” says he. “Since
you ask it, dear.”

  “Can’t see the herd for the dust,” says
I to me and goes to sleep.

MORNIN’ comes, and to the
Muleshoe ranch rides and drives
folks from all the neighbor-
hood round about, as well as
folks from town. ’Mongst them from
town is old Pat Hurley, a great big
geezer with the biggest white hat you
ever seen and the loudest voice you ever
heard. He owns and runs a Wild West
show, and, havin’ met me afore, he in-
forms me on the quiet that he’s lookin’
for buckin’ hosses and also buckaroos to
fork ’em.

  As I’m arena manager for this here con-
test rodeo of young Harry Badgley’s, I
gives ol’ Hurley a mount and takes a
lotta comfort in confabbin’ with him. I
needs a little comfort, for I’m havin’ hard
76

STEPHEN PAYNE

work to keep the contesters from flyin’ at
each others’ throats again this mornin’.
In fact, I has to lam the tar outa Hook
Bronson to make him mind me. That
bronc peeler knows that Gadfly is the
meanest bucker in the Muleshoe’s herd
of broncs, and he’s bound to have that
hoss regardless of any rules for drawin’
of hosses. I teaches him different and the
act gets a big hand from the audience.

  01’ Pat Hurley says:

  “By grab, Salty, you sure know how to
handle these hard boilt rannyhans. Kinda
bad medicine for ’em to monkey with,
you bet.”

  “Ye-ah,” I comes back. “I can handle
cattle and hosses as well as ringy rannies,
but that don’t get me no place with Harry
Badgley. You heard what kind of a
shenanigan he was pullin’ off here?”
“Uh-huh,” says Pat, studyin’ me
thoughtful. A big grin spreads over his
big face. “This contest is to decide who’ll
be foreman, huh?”

  “Uh-huh, kinda serve him right if he
didn’t get no foreman outa it,”-1 spits.
“Jus’ bein’ able to ride broncs and rope
steers don’ make foreman material,
Hurley.”

  “Hell, no,” agrees’ Hurley. “Say,” he
goes on, gazin’ across the yard at the
crowd which is bunched in rigs, on horse-
back and on foot, and notin’ particularly
young Harry, “I’ll bet you four dollars to
a glass of beer that if young Relay Dick
wins he don’t get the job. Badgley’ll
crawfish somehow. He’s glarin’ daggers
at that young cowpoke.”

  Harry’s doin’ that. What has Relay
done but somehow get Arabelle on to a
hoss, and here he and she is a-ridin’ into
our arena with their hosses a-prancin’
while they bows to the crowd.

  “Folks,” says Arabelle in her silvery
voice, “right in front of you all Mr. Relay
Dick is going to rescue me from the seat
of a runaway buckboard.”

  “Whoopee!” yells the crowd.

  Harry plunges outa the crowd and runs
up beside Relay’s hoss.

  “Folks,” he yowls, “there’s a misun-
derstanding here! I’m going to perform

the rescue, not Relay Dick. Get over to
the corrals with the rest of those yahoos!”
he barks at Relay.

  Relay don’t do that and his answer is
cut short, for three more efficient cow-
boys—Sorrel Top, Hook and Boots—
instanter lopes across to the girl, Relay
and Harry.

  “I gets a chance at this rescuin’!”
bellers Hook.

  “I’m the rannie what pulls off that
stunt!” roars Sorrel Top.

  “UrrrrI Urrrl” grates Boots. “Whar
do I come in?”

  “Behind the herd, like always,” sings
out Jack Denslow, a rancher who owns
the biggest spread in our county. “Gal,
it ’pears like you gotta be rescued no
less’n five times. May the Lord pity you.”
There’s an incomprehensible jargon of
voices all yowlin’ t’ onct from the cluster,
and old Pat Hurley, laughin’ fit to bust
hisself, says to me:

  “Straighten out that mix if you can.
I’m sayin’ it can’t be did.”

I LOPES across the yard.

  “You four mule heads get
over to the corrals and get set
for the events of this contest.
Looka here, Harry has made this darn
fool rescuin’ stunt his personal contribu-
tion to the entertainment and you wal-
lopers ain’t in on it. Savvy the burro?
That goes for you, too, Relay.”

  “Yip, yip, yowie!” howls the crowd.
“Thata boy, Salty! You tell ’em!”

  Sorrel Top begins to weaken.

  “Well, if Relay Dick don’t get to—”
he begins.

  “He don’t!” I yelps. “These people
are waitin’ for you experts to do your
stuff. Let’s go!”

  Three of the buckaroos starts back to
the corrals, but Relay Dick hesitates.

  “When this is over,” he tells me aside,
“I’m going to bust you wide open. You’re
boss right now, but I’ll be boss when it’s
over.”

  Arabelle, on her horse right beside me,
says in a tense whisper—

  “You’re a nasty, mean old man.”
MOST EFFICIENT COWBOY

77

  I makes her a little bow.

  “Just oblige me by keepin’ back out
this arena,” says I; and to Relay, “Skee-
daddle!”

  Lopin’ after him to the corrals, I
booms:

  “All set for the Muleshoe’s ropin’ con-
test for to determine which is the most
efficient cowboy! Sorrel*Top is the first
roper.”

  “Whoop!” says the crowd.

  There ain’t no fence between ’em and
our arena. If a steer takes a notion to,
he can run right into ’em; but they’s
lined up on the north side of the yard and
the steers is supposed to run east, bein’
headed that way. East and south they’s
plenty of space—a thousand acre pasture.

  Well, some punchers whoops outa the
corral a red horned doggie what can run
like an antelope, and Sorrel Top takes
after the critter. That steer is so blamed
fast he’s pretty near outa sight o’ the
crowd afore Sorrel’s bronc snakes up be-
side him. Pat Hurley with the flag, a
waddy with the watch, and me to be the
judge, is a-foggin’ along in the dust.

  Sorrel makes a good catch, all right,
snarin’ that critter by both front feet and
bustin’ it wide open. Tyin’s short work
for that human bull of a fella.

  “Sixty-five seconds!” yells the time-
keeper.

  “You’re a liar!” yowls Sorrel.

  “Hold this watch!” boilers the time-
keeper, thrustin’ it at Hurley and startin’
to climb off his bronc. "They ain’t no
man—”

  “Keep your shirt on!” I interrupts.
“Sorrel’s disqualified ’cause he front
footed his steer.”

  “Hey, you never laid down no rules!”
Sorrel Top snorts.

  “He’s correct all the same,” says Hur-
ley. “I’d think an expert cowboy’d know
the rules.”

  That silences Sorrel Top. We turns the
steer loose and he disappears over the
steep hill to the east.

  “Relay Dick is our next roper!” an-
nounces I as we lopes back to the corral.

  Blamed if Arabelle ain’t rode to the

corral and joined Relay. There they is
settin’ side by each, a-chattin’ away.

  Relay gets a little antelope horned roan
dogie what runs straight for a little bit,
then dives right for the crowd. Relay
puts his rope around the little dogie’s
horns, picks him right outa the people’s
faces and lays him flat. Steer don’t weigh
much and Relay’s hoss gets scared at the
way the crowd is a-whoopin’ and cheerin’
Relay; so, at the same moment when
Relay reaches the throwed critter, that
bronc hightails it with the dogie at the
end of the rope. Of all the foot racin’ you
ever seen, that cowboy does it; and, by
jingo, he catches up to that skiddin’ steer,
hops aboard its carcass and hogties it.

  “Time?” I yammers at our timekeeper,
for the people has gone mad and is
throwin’ their hats in the air and whoop-
in’.

  The gent with the watch has plum’
forgot to notice the time a-tall and tells
me so.

  “Don’t tell ’em that. Say somethin’,”
I orders.

  “Sixty seconds!” blats the numbskull
as though I wasn’t havin’ troubles enough
at this contest rodeo.

  Relay stares at the feller for a moment.

  “I wasn’t a second over forty,” he says
in a cold, hard voice.

  “Forty ’tis!” bellows Hurley, glancin’
at the watch, and Relay Dick smiles and
waves his hat at the crowd, which comes
to meet him and delays proceedings for
five minutes by their congratulations.
But Harry Badgley don’t congratulate
him. No, sir. That young man’s jaw is
kinda slack and, though he tries to get
up beside Miz Arabelle, he can’t make it.

HOOK BRONSON is scowlin’
like an old pirate as he takes
his place to rope. He looks like
a first class cutthroat more’n
ever, and he always did resemble one. I
noticed the movie picture man, Bernar
Nicol, a-sizin’ Hook up kinda speculative
and sayin’ somethin’ to the beefy female
what won’t let him get away from her
side.
78

STEPHEN PAYNE

  Hook has a double rig hull and he’s
cinched it so tight his hoss is kickin’ up
and switchin’ his tail, real provoked-like.
He gets a sizable black bullock with red
eyes and one busted horn. T’other horn
busts as the steer hits the ground at the
end of Hook’s rope; and as the critter’s
caught by the horns, that sets him free.
He bounces on to all four feet just as
Hook reaches him, and away he goes for
the tall uncut. Hook lopes back to his
bronc, which has started rollin' to get
shed of the saddle. That bronc sure ob-
jects to tight cinchin’.

  The crowd is jus’ a-roarin’. This is the
bestest fun them people has ever seen.

  Hook’s roar is a different kind of a roar,
though, and the way he straightens that
bronc out and fuzzes after his dehorned
black steer is a caution to see. Sure as
shootin’, these Muleshoe cowboys is
efficient. The black steer and Hook both
goes over the steep hill out east. Me and
Hurley and the timekeeper follows ’em.
Hook ropes that steer round the neck and
runs on him this way and that, but get
the critter down he can not.

  “Hook Bronson, no time!” says I as we
rides back to the corral.

  Harry comes a-trottin’ to my side.

  “Salty,” he whispers miserable, “that
Relay Dick—I jus’ can’t have him win.”

  “You made your own bed. Lie in it!”
says I. “Boots Mondell is our next
roper.”

  Boots, as I said, is a short gent with
a grey beard. He looks like a hardy, hairy
old pioneer and comes pretty near bein’
one. Takin’ his place behind the startin’
line, he says he’ll be dad blamed if he’ll
fumble like Hook done.

  He don’t, for he makes as pretty a
catch as ever I seen, but he stops his
hoss head-on toward the roped dogie, and
over said hoss’s head peels Boots’ saddle
with Boots in it, as that dogie hits the
end of the rope. Boots and the saddle
parts company a second later and Boots
sets on the ground a-watchin’ his hull sky-
hootin’ across the prairie at the end of a
rope fast to the horns of a rapidly travel-
in’ bovine.

  I has to catch that steer to rescue
Boot’s saddle.

  “Ladies and gentlemen,” booms Hur-
ley in that awful big voice of his’n, “it’s
unnecessary to tell you that Relay Dick
has won this roping contest.”

  That suits the people, but it don’t suit
the other three buckaroos. The ropin’
is all Relay’ll win, they opines, speakin’
to each other for the first time in twenty-
four hours. Don’t seem to please Harry
Badgley much, for what’s Relay doin’
but talkin’ to Arabelle some more.

  “These top notch cowboys is goin’ to
ride some broncs now!” I announces.
“Relay Dick on Pinwheel!”

  That good lookin’ kid can ride just like
he can rope. Watchin’ him set old Pin-
wheel clean and scratch him to a finish,
I decides he’ll make Harry a tolerable
good foreman—that is, if all a foreman’s
supposed to know is how to rope and ride
and bulldog steers.

  “That Relay boy,” says old Pat Hur-
ley to me while the assisting cowboys is
saddlin’ Black Heart for Sorrel Top to
fork, “would be a kinda drawin’ card in
my show business, d’you know it?”
“Hook’d be better,” I opines. “You
could advertise him as the only hoss thief
left unhung in Colorado.”

SORREL TOP gets set on
Black Heart, and that eleven
hundred pound black hoss goes
up among the clouds, changes
ends up there and punches a hole in the
earth when he comes back to it. All that
does is shake Sorrel Top’s hat off his sorrel
noodle. That buckaroo kicks away his
stirrups and scratches that volcanic bronc
from shoulders to saddle skirts. His old
quirt comes up and he pours it into Black
Heart. Ye-ah, he rides just like a wolf—
savage, rejoicin’. And goin’ high, landin’
hard, that black hoss bucks savage and
silent.

  Our audience gets up and takes notice;
so does Pat Hurley.

“Salty, that hombre’s a-ridin’ son-of-a-
gun. He’s there jus’ like a sheep tick!”
Black Heart quits after awhile. We
MOST EFFICIENT COWBOY

79

 don’t stop him nor pick him up. These
 efficient Muleshoe cowboys rides buckers
 to a finish. Sorrel Top, breathin’ just a
 little hard, grins at Relay, and Harry
 ’ Badgley looks a sight less worried.

   Hook Bronson gets a snake bellied
 little roan cayuse what wiggles, shakes,
 crawls, squirms and bucks all in a spot
 six feet square. He never gets over two
 feet off the ground, but darned if the
 critter don’t wiggle plum’ out from un-
 der the saddle and Hook both after five
 minutes or so. Hook’s so doggoned mad
 he can’t spit as he climbs up on the corral
 fence.

   And then what does the curly coated,
 old hammerhead named Uncurried do to
 Boots Mondell but pitch right to the
 edge of the crowd and send that gentle-
 man over his head right in amongst ’em.
 Four men carries old Boots out and lays
 him down, and one of ’em says he’s an
 undertaker and he’ll measure Boots for
 his coffin, Boots a-cussin’ and kickin’
 all the time.

   Arabelle says to Relay—

   “These people have a most peculiar
 sense of humor.”

   “Bronc bustin’ contest is a tie!” says
 I. “Sorrel and Relay can ride it off later,
 if they’re still alive after the bulldoggin’.”
 Relay bulldogs first. I has to assist
 each one of them buckaroos, for they ain’t
 one of ’em as’ll help the others. Boots
 and Hook knows they’re beat, but do you
 think they’ll help Relay or Sorrel? Not
 much.

   Relay’s a good cowboy, all right. You
 got to hand it to the lad. The best thing
 he does, and how he got his name, he
 ain’t doin’ today—that’s ridin’ relay
 races. He ain’t never bulldogged much,
 but he downs a piebald, wide horned
 dogie in twenty-four seconds.

   Sorrel Top sneers.

   “That job’s in my vest pocket.”

   He hoolihans a red steer in fifteen flat.
 Hurley and me faults the fall and makes
 him do it over again. Uh, but Sorrel’s
 mad; and bein’ forced to stop his steer
 afore he throws it, the job takes him
 twenty-five seconds. Harry had yowled

at me to let the hoolihan stand. Now he’s
madder’n Sorrel is. He seems to be a little
sorry that he put on this contest, but a
whole lot sorrier he brought Arabelle to
it. None of the spectators is sorry, though,
and I’m kinda havin’ a good time myself.

  Hook gets a bull-horned brindle critter,
and he leaps from his saddle and catches
the critter fair by both horns, but that
heavy animal drags old Hook over four
acres afore he finally gets its nose pointin’
up at the sky.

  “Yuh done noble!” yells the crowd and
then cheers the old-timer Boots as he
gets ready. I ain’t never seen Boots bull-
dog even a yearlin’, but he’s sure game to
try it. However, he’s a mite stiff and
what’s he do when he jumps for the
runnin’ yellow steer’s head but land
astraddle of the critter’s neck!

  Next thing I know, he’s ridin’ the
buckin’ bovine backwards while the
spectators whoops. Boots falls off and,
settin’ up, hauls out his gun and shoots
at the fleein’ yellow steer. That tickles
the people like nothin’ else has.

  Hurley and me rides to the old codger,
and Hurley says—

  “Boots, I’ll give you a hundred a month
if you’ll join my show.”

  “Huh? You mean it? Say, you’re on!
But what you want me to do?”

  “All you got to is burlesque the acts of
the star performers—be a clown.”

  “Huh? Huh? Me a clown? I won’t—
You said a hundred a month, didn’t
you?”

  “Yes.”

  “Clown or not, I’m goin’. I wouldn’t
work under nobody on this ranch ’less it
was Salty, nohow.”

HARRY comes a-pantin’ up in
time to hear this conversation.

  “Boots, you ain’t leavin’
me?”

  “You’re damn’ right I am.”

  Harry sighs.

  “Lord, Salty, this business isn’t coming
out right at all.”

  “ ’Spect it to?”

  “Of course. Why not? Can’t you de-
80

STEPHEN PAYNE

cide against Relay on that bucking?”
“Nope,” grim. “Him and Sorrel rides
right now.” I looks up to see that Mr.
Bernar Nicol has joined us.

  “My good man,” says he to Boots,
“will you sign a contract at fifty a week
to act for the motion picture company
which I represent?”

  “Huh? Huh?”P gasps Boots. “Why, I
got me a job. This here dad blamed fool
rodeo has been the makings of me!”
whoops Boots, and his eyes, restin’ on
Hurley, is brimmin’ with gratitude.

  Nicol read a lot from that look, scowls,
and goes a-patterin’ towards Hook Bron-
son. Hurley sees what Nicol is up to, and
he spurs his hoss, a-headin’ for Sorrel Top.
I follows slower and when I gets near
Hook and Nicol I see old Hook throw his
hat in the air and do a few jig steps. I
hears him say:

  “And, Mr. Nicol, you want me to be
the ruthless cattle rustler and the out-
law chief and them kind o’ things? That’ll
sure be jake with me. Jus’ what I was cut
out for. Whoop-te-do! You know, I
wouldn’t work here at the Muleshoe
under none of these waddies, ’less it was
old Salty, nohow.”

  Harry is cornin’ to find out what’s
up and I moseys on to Hurley and Sorrel
Top.

  “Fifty a week,” Hurley’s sayin’, “and
only two horses a day—straight exhibi-
tion riding, and I’ll feature you as cham-
pion of the world, Sorrel. I can get away
with that, all right. What say?”

  “What say? Why you’re a plum’ life
saver for me, Hurley. Ye-ah, ’cause
we’ve drawed for hosses to ride off this
tie, me and that danged lucky Relay
Dick, and he’s done drawed Gadfly. That
lets me out. They ain’t another Muleshoe
hoss as bad as Gadfly, and Relay can ride
’im. Doggone, he’ll be foreman. I
wouldn’t work under him, wouldn’t work
under none o’ these birds, ’less it was old
Salty. That hard boiled old pill’s white
and knows his eggs. Hurley, you bet I’m
on.”

  I looks around and pricks up my ears.
Harry’s saying to Hook Bronson—

  “Do you mean you’re leaving me?”
  “Yep.”

  “So’m I!” bellers Sorrel Top.

  Hurley is peerin’ around like he’s
seekin’ somebody. So is Bernar Nicol.
I has a hunch who ’tis—Relay Dick.
Him and Arabelle is over ’mongst the
crowd, which is gettin’ restless for some-
thin’ to take place.

  “How about that there rescue of the
lady?” half a dozen want to know all at
once.

  “Buckboard and team is ready!” yells
I, thinkin’ Relay Dick won’t have no men
to boss and he’ll be foreman with the
owner hatin’ him like poison.

  But both Hurley and Nicol are lookin’
for him, they sure are.

  Arabelle speaks up.

  “We’ll call the rescue off, because—
well, because Mr. Badgley is no cowboy
and I hardly think—”

  She pauses and Jack Denslow, the big
rancher, finishes:

  “You don’t think he could cut the
mustard, hey? Well, say now, young
woman, us people wants to see that
rescue and you’ve got to show that
movin’ picture man what you can do.
Are you going to welsh on us?”

  There’s a mutter from the crowd which
indicates it don’t want that to happen,
don’t want to be cheated out of the
thriller of the day. I lopes over.

  “Miz Arabelle, as boss of these yere
ceremonies, I suggests that Harry Badg-
ley and Relay Dick lines up side by each
on their broncs; and when I gives the
word, as the runaway team gets goin’,
they both light out after you lickety
blinders, and one of ’em’s sure bound to
rescue you.”

  That meets with the approval of every-
body, even of Harry. Him and Relay
gazes at each other like a couple of strange
dogs, as they lines up on their ponies.
Some hands fetches out the team and the
buckboard. Arabelle sets in it, holdin’
the lines like they was somethin’ hot and
dangerous. A cowpuncher touches off the
team and away it goes. Runnin’, too, is
what I mean. That old buckboard is just
MOST EFFICIENT COWBOY

81

a-sizzin’. The people is so silent you could
hear a cigaret paper fall.

  “Go!” I yells at Harry and Relay.

  They goes. Harry’s got the best hoss.
He draws right up on the buckboard with
the girl a-clingin’ to it for dear life.
Ain’t no mistake about that. This stunt
is beyond a joke. Nicol’s eyes is saucers
and his fat wife’s is bigger. Boots has
swallered his tobacco. I goes a-kitin’ in
the wake of the chase. Harry races beside
the flyin’, rattlin’ rig. Relay, lashin’ his
bronc, is right behind.

HARRY jumps, misses the dog-
goned buckboard altogether,
rolls over ’bout forty-’leven
times, and, passin’ him, I don’t
see whether he gets up. That team is
gettin’ powerful close to the edge of that
steep hill, and Relay’s hoss ain’t gainin’
an inch. I zips up beside him. I ought to
rescue that poor scared girl, but Relay’s
a better man than me and far younger.
Also, he’s a relay race rider.

  “On to my bronc!” I yelps, and leaves
my saddle as I yelps.

  I lands on my feet, but goes a-rollin’
and, straightenin’ up, sees Relay on my
hoss—talk about a lightnin’ change!

  Up to the buckboard he scoots. ’Way
out from the hoss he leans, and the girl
has sense enough to get to her feet.
Relay Dick snakes that girl from that rig
just one second afore team and rig van-
ishes over the bluff. And Relay Dick
comes ridin’ back to the cheerin’ people
with her in his arms.

  But as he passes me he pauses a mo-
ment.

  “Salty, I’m forgettin’ what I said afore
this fool rodeo. You’re the whitest old
longhorn what ever saved the day for a
darned fool cowboy.”

  Jack Denslow comes a-runnin’ up to
me.

  “Salty, ten thousand cattle I got. Will
you take the job of range foreman at a
hundred and fifty?”

  Range foreman for Denslow at a hun-
dred and fifty a month! The idea kinda
staggers me, so I’m speechless. We goes

walkin’ towards the crowd surroundin’
Relay, the hero, and Denslow continues:

  “I’ve seen your work on the range,
Salty; but the way you handled this con-
test and manged those orrie eyed bucka-
roos opened my eyes. What are you
sayin’?”

  Still I don’t answer and we reaches the
crowd. Hurley is tryin’ to get to Relay,
and so is Bernar Nicol. Nicol succeeds.

  “I’m offering you and the lady both
contracts to act in front of the camera at
figures that’ll open your eyes!” he shouts.

  “We’ll take you up,” sings out Arabelle,
who’s kinda white and red by turns, but
not hurt none.

  “Yip! Yip! Yowie!” yells the crowd
and boosts both the girl and Relay to
their shoulders.

  I’m beside Pat Hurley and he says
gruff:

  “Humph, that picture jasper beat me
to that pair. I wanted ’em both. Oh,
hello, Salty, you pulled off some exhibi-
tion yourself, but you ain’t gettin’ no
credit. Say, how’d fifty a week as arena
manager for my show strike you?”

  “Kinda strikes me dumb,” I articu-
lates.

  “Yes, or no?”

  “Gimme time.”

  “All right.” Hurley turns to Harry
Badgley, whose young face is sure a study
in mixed emotions. He’s glad Relay ain’t
goin’ to stay and demand the foreman
job, and yet he’s put out and everything
else all t’onct. He made a clown of him-
self tryin’ to rescue Arabelle and he
knows it, knows he’s lost her—if he ever
had her.

  “Badgley, I want to buy twenty head
of buckin’ hosses,” says Hurley. “How
much a head?”

  “Uh? I don’t really know,” begins
Harry.

  “A hundred and fifty per head if you
take twenty,” I cuts in. “Two hundred
a head if you only want two, three or
ten.”

  “Hey, I was dealin’ with Badgley,”
grumbles Hurley. “How come you’re
hornin’ in?”
82

STEPHEN PAYNE

  “I’m still workin’ for him, and so long
as I am I’ll try to keep him from goin’
busted. Talk to me, Hurley, if you want
to buy broncs.”

  “Yes, by all means,” stammers Harry,
and manages to grin rueful. “Salty won’t
be working for me long, I guess. My
rodeo seems to have lost me every cow-
boy I had.”

“HARRY,” says I, “the trouble
is these buckaroos is just too
damned efficient. They didn’t
know it till you pulled off this
rodeo and showed ’em how they was all
grandstand performers and picture actors,
and now not a one of em’ll stay on a ranch
and do the work a cowboy’s supposed to
do, which includes a heap of things other
than bulldoggin’ steers, ropin’ ’em and
forkin’ bad broncs.”

  “Don’t it, though?” says Harry, and
shakes his head dubious.

  The show is over and the people are all
leaving. They’re taking Arabelle, Relay
Dick, Hook Bronson, Nicols and his
better half with ’em, too. But Arabelle
comes to the corral to bid me goodby.
Her eyes is shinin’ like stars. Hook fol-
lows her.

  “Salty, you done noble,” says he,
squeezin’ my hand. “S’long, ol’ hoss,
you’ll see me on the silver screen!”

  I cuts out twenty head of broncs, Gad-
fly, Pinwheel and Black Heart among
’em, for Hurley. Boots Mondell and
Sorrel Top says goodby to me mighty
friendly and starts drivin’ away them
broncs with Hurley, who pauses to say—
“Cornin’, Salty?”

  I hands Hurley’s check for the hosses
to Harry, who’s the only man left on the
ranch except Jack Denslow. Jack’s in a
buckboard waitin’ for me to get up be-
side him. But I looks around at the Mule-
shoe. Six years have I been on it. Can
you blame me if I’m kinda wedded to it?
Then I looks at Harry, the mournfulest
dejected geezer what ever tried to smile
and act game.

  “Well, Salty,” he says, holdin’ out his
hand while a s’picious little trickle of
moisture forms at the corners of his eyes,
“as you said, the waddies were just too
efficient. After what’s happened—the
way I suggested you decide against Re-
lay in the bucking, I’m darned sorry for
that—I can’t ask you—”

  He pauses. Hurley’s waitin’. Jack
Denslow’s waitin’. I’m thinkin’ with a
lump in my throat. A hundred and fifty
a month from him as range foreman with
ten thousand cattle to look after! Fifty
a week from Hurley as arena manager,
with a glorious, glamorous Wild West
show.

  The Muleshoe foreman never did get
over seventy-five a month, but—

  “Harry, don’t you figger we’d better
hunt up some inefficient waddies what
can brand calves, though, and start the
calf roundup ’bout day after tomorrow?”
says I.

  “You mean—” he gasps, relief floodin’
his face as a rainstorm floods a mountain.

  I	nods.

  “If you want me,” I whispers husky.
“Aw, hell,” grunts Jack Denslow. “I
might ’a’ knowed old Salty was branded
with the Muleshoe. Ged-up, Dan, Babe.”
“S’long,” sings out Pat Hurley. “But
Salty, I don’t blame you, not a damned
bit.”

  Me and Harry sets in the dust by the
corral. Jus’ settin’ silent, sayin’ nothin’.
After awhile I speaks—

  “Harry.”

  “Yes.”

  “She wouldn’t ’a’ made no rancher’s
wife, nohow. Wild West Show crazy and
movie pitcher mad.”

  “I realize it,” he returns. “Still it
hurts. I planned everything so darned
different. But, after all, I have to re-
member she’s my cousin and I shouldn’t
have entertained such thoughts as I was
entertaining.” A pause, then, “Salty, do
you sp’ose you can ever teach me this
business? You’re by long odds the most
efficient cowboy of them all.”
The Tao

By C. A. FREEMAN

CASUAL visitors to the Philippines
usually form a wrong impression
of the tao, or peasant of the islands.
They motor past his bamboo baliay at

11	a. m. and find him sprawled on the
floor fast asleep.

  “He’s lazy,” they decide immediately,
but they do not know that the bar e-
foot brown man was toiling with his
long horned water buffalo in the rice
fields an hour before dawn in order that
the animal might enjoy its period of
soaking during the heat of the day.

  American soldiers of the Insurrection
period found the tao a gallant, clever
enemy, who if he had but little idea of
civilized warfare, could and did fight like
a demon when aroused, and who did not
always run when the avenging bayonets
came close.

  Those of the 8th Army Corps who took
part in the great northern advances in
Luzon, can tell of taos, who, in small
groups opposed American progress, re-
maining hidden in bamboo clumps and
defied with their rifles the bursting
shells of field guns. Pitiful groups of dead
these misguided peasants formed; half
clad boys with a few cartridges and a
scanty meal of rice and fish wrapped in a
banana leaf lying by their sides.

  Today the tao is but little changed,
despite the inroads of civilization. Credu-
lous, easily aroused, and easily placated,
he is often the victim of scheming
politicians. If he does not toil constantly,
who can blame him? His wants are few.
With his bolo he can construct a house of
bamboo, rattan and palm leaves, and
twenty-seven days work a year in the
rice fields will support him and his
family.

  He is intensely superstitious. Witch-
craft and its practises are part and parcel

of his being. Often in a frenzy of rage or
fear, he butchers a neighbor suspected of
being a mankukulam, or witch, and falls
foul of the alert constabulary for so doing.
But he loves his children and will sacrifice
much to give them an education.

  No man can be more hospitable than
the Filipino tao. He will open his house
to the stranger who taps on the bamboo
pinto at midnight, cook him a meal of
rice and offer him his best sleeping mat.
He will accept no payment.

  His ideas as to independencia are hazy,
so he shouts for an immediate separation
from the United States. The politicos
have told him that independence will
bring him a white collar and a govern-
ment job and he believes it. Naturally
any man likes to see his country free, but
the tao will naively tell you that Uncle
Sam will lend the Philippines enough
money to run the government after the
Islands are freed. The matter of payment
never enters his mind.

  Lovable to a great degree is the Filipino
tao, and if handled with the right sort of
firmness by Americans, he becomes an
efficient workman. To those he has
known for years he is a loyal friend.

  Juan de la Cruz, as the tao is known,
and Ailine Maria his wife, do not thrive
in the atmosphere of cities. Their habitat
is the country—the rice fields, the forests,
the rivers and the mountains. City
dwellers jeer at them, the taga-bundok, or
ignorant peasants, but they are the
veritable backbone of the Philippines.
They produce, and are not parasitical.
In remote districts their children still kiss
their elders’ hands before retiring for the
night, after having squatted for an hour
on the floor listening to tales of the
tikbalang, the asuang, the tjanuk and other
malignant fairies.
When the biggest story in a decade

  A NOVELETTE
 OF THE
 NEWSPAPERMEN

Deadline

by

HENRY LaCOSSITT

IT WAS the biggest story to break in
The Town for a decade. Even the
oldest members of the press ad-
mitted it. Not that murder in itself
was big news particularly; you usually
put a twenty-four point head on ordinary
murder, plastered art somewhere near,
numbered the art as the such and suchth
victim of the year, and sent it to bed com-
fortably beneath the banner—but this
story was hot for several reasons.

  First, it was committed within three
blocks of Central Police headquarters;
second, it was committed on the High
Level Bridge, the busiest thoroughfare in
town, and the main artery of traffic be-
tween the east and west sides of The
Town; third, the victims were two of the
most prominent—socially and financially
—men in the city; fourth, the men who
did Arnold Fly and Joseph Stanner to
death were members of Tony Garotta’s
gang, and it was rumored that Tony him-
self had been present. This last, however,
had not been confirmed.

  Here is how it happened:

 Arnold Fly and Joseph Stanner ate
dinner at the Cuyahoga Club on Euclid
Avenue. At eight o’clock they called for
Stanner’s car, in which they had driven
from their offices to the club. The car, a
sedan, arrived; they left the Cuyahoga
and, with Stanner at the wheel, drove over
Superior Avenue to the Public -Square,
where a traffic policeman, waving the

84
breaks—with the

At Dawn

traffic east-west, spoke to them. That
was at fifteen minutes after eight.

  Proceeding up Superior, they came to
the High Level Bridge. Traffic was nor-
mal to heavy. Midway across the bridge,
they were crowded by a big Packard
limousine. This crowding continued until
Stanner was forced to stop his car, or
crash into the braces and cables that
flank the bridge. He and Fly, prepared
for such an emergency, drew revolvers
and got out of the car.

  The occupants of the other car num-
bered six—three in the front, three in the
back. The man on the extreme right in
the front seat apologized, saying that his
car had been crowded and that its driver,
in turn, had been forced to crowd Stan-
ner’s machine, or be sideswiped itself.

  Fly and Stanner, undecided, stood by
their machine, guns ready, trying to ap-
praise the occupants of the other car.
The traffic on the bridge, meanwhile,
jammed, and a bedlam of horns broke
loose. Fly and Stanner became bewildered,
They wavered, mumbled their apologies,
pocketed their guns and started to re-
enter their sedan.

  Immediately their backs were turned,
the six in the other car drew automatics
and blazed away. Fly and Stanner, dead
as they stood, fell in their own blood.

  The six then leaped from the limousine.
One of them tore open a rear door of
Stanner’s car, reached in and seized
several sacks. Another reached in and
gathered up the remainder of these sacks,
$20,000 in currency, the payroll of the
Fly-Stanner Manufacturing Company,
which was to have been used the next day.
The other four covered the cars on the
bridge.

  With a bedlam of screeching horns,
shouting men and screaming women
around them, the six plunged through
the braces and cables to the pedestrian’s
path along the side of the bridge and ran
to the west end of the structure, where a
car awaited them. They made their
getaway west on Detroit Avenue. The
whole affair did not take two minutes . . .

  These things happened on the evening
86

HENRY LaCOSSITT

of Tuesday, the 14th of November. They
startled The Town as nothing had
startled it for years—set it to talking;
and they made the sweetest copy the
newspapers had run across in a decade.

  Wednesday, a little earlier in the eve-
ning than the time these events had oc-
curred the night before, two men engaged
in a conversation . . .

  “You got the breaks, that’s all.”
“Yeah, but we had a swell story, too.”
“There wasn’t anything wrong with
ours.”

  “No, I guess not. What you got for to-
morrow?”

  “Nothin’ much.”

  They stopped talking and listened
while a young man across the room called
a string of monotonous numbers over a
scarred telephone. The young man was
not very enthusiastic about it.

  “Hel-lo! Coast Guard? . . . Globe . . .
Anything doin’, Cap’n? No? . . .
Thanks.”

  The young man hung up the phone,
yawned, and turned to talk to three other
young men who sat at the table whereon
the telephone rested. The two men re-
sumed their conversation. The one who
had answered last asked a question—
“What you got?”

  “A swell story.”

  “Oh, yeh?”

  “Sure.”

  “What about?”

  “I guess I can tell ya now, Bob—it’s
past deadline. Why, about Tony Garotta.
It’s exclusive, too.”

  “Like hell! You ain’t gettin’ exclusive
stories that I don’t know about.”

  “No?”

  “No. There ain’t but one thing you
ever did that I couldn’t do, Joe Rooker,
an’ that’s swim. An’ you ain’t swimmin’
now.”

  “I always could swim pretty well,
couldn’t I, Bob?”

  “Yeh, but that’s a long time ago, an’
that's another story.”

  “This story ain’t about a long time
ago. It’s about last night. I got it last
night.”

  “Why didn’t you spring it last night?”

  “Then I wouldn’t have no story to-
night. There was enough story this
morning, and this won’t do any harm
bein’ a day old.”

 “No? Well, what about Tony Ga-
rotta?”

  “He was on the bridge by Stanner’s car
when Stanner and Fly got killed. He
helped, too.”

  The four young men at the table looked
up. The man addressed as Bob looked
blank, then incredulous, then amused.
He laughed.

  “How the hell do you know?” The
man addressed as Bob was contemptuous.

  “Well, I got a damned good reason.”

     THE MAN who had a
“damned good reason” sat in
a rickety chair, the front legs
of which were dangerously
high above the floor, leaning back against
a wall which was decorated with roto-
gravure pictures of actresses, prizefighters,
debutantes, and popular thugs. He was
sitting in the reporters’ room in Central
Police headquarters.

  His was not an arresting presence. He
might have been a shoe clerk, a bond
salesman or a cook. But he was none
of these; he was a police reporter for the
Globe, leading morning daily of The
Town.

  He was short of stature and broad of
girth. His hands were small and pudgy,
and his legs and belly, as well as his arms,
seemed constantly on the verge of burst-
ing his suit, the coat and pants of which
never matched.

  His head was small and almost the
shape of a fat cantaloup. His nose was
large and hooked. His mouth was little
and full lipped; a dark patch of whiskers
meandered from ear to ear leisurely, and
usually were in evidence; his hair was
thin and rarely cut, and completely sur-
rounded a barren expanse of pasty skin
that overlay his peculiar skull. Most of
the time he was unwashed—and chewing
a cigar, the greater part of which was
hidden. The cops all said that Joe had
DEADLINE AT DAWN

87

had his tonsils out to make more room
for the cigar.

  His eyes were dull and black—you
could make nothing of them.

  He lounged now against the picture
plastered wall, and eyed the man who
demanded to know how he knew that
Tony Garotta had been one of those six
who had done murder and highway
robbery the night before, while ten
thousand looked on.

  “Yeah, I got a reason.”

  “Better have a good one,” said Bob.
His tone was sarcastic. “Tony ain’t a
gentle guy, ya know. He might object.
An’ you ain’t swimmin’ with him, now,
either.”

  “He never could swim very well, could

he?”

  “No, but that’s a long time ago too;
and you ain’t swimmin’ to this story.”
Joe did not answer.

  “Well,” said Bob—he was still sar-
castic—“what’s the reason?”

  “That,” said Joe, “ain’t much o’ your
business, Bob O’Leary, but I’ll tell ya,
now that deadline’s gone. You can run
around to the inspector and verify—”
“Aw—”

  “—it, see? You can put it in the
Press then. But I don’t mind doin’ you
a favor, Bob. I’ll tell ya how I know
Tony Garotta was one o’ them six guys
on the High Level last night.”

  “Well, how do ya know it?”

  This was not the voice of Bob O’Leary.
It came from the door.

JOE AND Bob and the four
young men turned sharply to
stare at a tall and brawny man
who stood in the doorway
looking into the dingy, littered room at
the six men who sat in the dim glow of
dirt incrusted wall lights. Five of those
men started violently at sight of the
newcomer. The sixth dropped his eyes
and swallowed a little more cigar.

  The newcomer surveyed each man.
The four young men he passed up quickly;
they were only the usual up and coming
cubs. But he came to a brief halt as

he looked into the gray eyes of Bob
O’Leary. He knew Bob O’Leary. Then
he turned his attention to the little man
in the rickety chair. Joe appeared to
be dozing. The tall and brawny man,
whose eyes reminded you of opaque
glass, fixed him with a hard look.

  There was utter silence in that re-
porters’ room then. It came down like
a quick fog. There was a complete
absence of motion. The silence main-
tained as the glassy eyes skewered Joe’s
slumped figure. A fire bell, a second
alarm, rang out a location sharply, but
nobody moved. A patrol drove up out-
side with a creak and clatter, but the
tableau was unchanged. The four cubs
looked as if they were about to scream.

  “Well, how do ya know it?”

  There was no answer.

  The tall and brawny man took two
steps, grabbed Joe by the shoulder and
shook him.

  “I said, ‘How do ya know it?”’

  It had been said that Joe Rooker had
no scruples, no mercy, no religion. (The
last indictment did not belong. He had,
or at least he once had had a religion—his
uncle had been a rabbi.) But it also
had been said, in envy or admiration, that
Joe Rooker was “a damned good news-
paper man”. And that took in a lot.

  He looked up now, leisurely. His dull
black eyes met the opaque ones. He
yawned, erupted a mass of so Iden tobacco
shreds. One of the cubs squirmed.

  “Hello, Tony.”

  “I said, ‘How do ya know it?’ ”

 “Know what?”

  “Know I was on the High Level?”

 “When?”

  Tony Garotta’s glassy eyes blazed.
The nostrils of his thin nose quivered.
His wiry, cruel hands clenched.

  “You know when, you lousy Jew!”

  “Strong language, Tony.”

  “I got stronger—” Tony patted a bulge
just below his armpit.

  “Oh, yeh?”

 “Ya damn’ right!” Tony grinned
maliciously then.

  Somebody sighed, a long painful expul-
88

HENRY LaCOSSITT

sion of breath. It was Bob O’Leary. Tony
chuckled. One of the cubs squirmed
again and crossed his legs. Joe looked
around Tony and smiled at Bob.

  “Take it easy, Bob.”

  “You better take it easier, Joe,” said
Tony. “How do ya know it?”

  “Know wha—what’d you come down
here for Tony, anyway?”

  “Oh, just wanted to see how you boys
was gettin’ along. Come on, Sherlock.
Give us the lowdown.”

  “Well, I’ll tell ya, Tony, and you too,
Bob, and you boys too.” Joe included
the four gaping cubs, one of whom was
acting strangely, with a sweep of his fat
hand.

  He leaned back in his chair again and
folded his hands over his tight vest.
There were ashes on the vest. He flicked
some of the ashes off with a stubby
middle finger.

  “It’s in type—” Joe flicked another ash.
“What’s in type?” demanded Tony.
“The story of how I know you was on
the High Level last night.”

  Tony grinned. Bob O’Leary grinned.
The four cubs did not know whether
to grin or not. Tony laughed outright.
Bob O’Leary laughed outright. Three
of the cubs snickered, but thought better
of it. The fourth writhed as if in pain.
Joe brushed his vest.

  “Yeah, it’s in type.”

  “I s’pose,” said Tony, “ya got an inside
story o’ the Crucifixion, too.”

  “That’s too old,” said Joe. “But I
would have had—my folks was there.
Anyway, the story of how I know you
was on the High Level last night’s in
type. You can read it in a little while.”
“Aw come off, Joe—”

  Bob O’Leary might have had more to
say, had he not caught sight of Tony
Garotta’s face. Tony was puzzled; and
when a killer does not know whether to
be furious or fearful, the result is terrible.
But he recovered himself.

  “I s’pose,” he sneered, “the cops know
about it too, huh?”

  “Yes, they do, Tony. How’d you
come down here?”

  “Right down Hamilton to East Third.
Up East Third to Superior. Over to
Stein’s on the Square for a beer. Down
Champlain to the sta— Say,” he snarled,
“if ya know so damn’ much, tell me how
ya know it!”

  He stepped back and eyed Joe sus-
piciously. Bob O’Leary leaned forward.
The cubs, their mouths open, leaned
forward. One of them was still wiggling
peculiarly.

  “Them dumbbells,” said Joe, looking
at the end of a new cigar that was growing
shorter. “They would be out lookin’ all
over— Why, yes, Tony, I’ll tell ya.

  “Remember when we was kids? Re-
member when ya broke your leg? Well,
Tony, that right leg o’ yours never’s been
the same since. You always leaned
on your right heel a lot more’n ya did
on your left. You walk on the side of
your right foot.”

  Every man in the room looked at
Tony Garotta’s right foot.

  “Well, Tony, one o’ the guys that took
that dough out o’ Stanner’s car walked
on the side of his right foot like you do.”
The four cubs swallowed hurriedly.
Bob O’Leary stared at Joe. Tony Ga-
rotta glared down at Joe’s fat head, his
glassy eyes unwinking.

  “Yeah—” Tony Garotta’s voice was
hoarse—“and how do ya know that?”
“Because,” said Joe, “he was standin’
in Stanner’s own blood. I took a flash-
light picture of the print.”

THERE was silence again in
the room. Silence, save for
Tony Garotta’s sibilant gasp
and the weak sound of Bob
O’Leary clearing his throat. Joe looked
at the end of his shortening cigar. Three
of the cubs still sat, gaping. The fourth,
after writhing violently, rose from his
chair and started softly for the door.

  Tony Garotta suddenly acted. He
whirled, pulled an automatic from its
shoulder holster and confronted the cub.
“Where ya goin’? What?”

  He pushed the cub in the face. “There
ain’t a man leavin’ this room!”
DEADLINE AT DAWN

89

  He turned and looked at Joe. Tony’s
eyes were terrible to see.

  “You damn’ kike! Jerk that story!”
“Why, Tony? We’re runnin’ the pho-
tograph, too.”

  Little flecks of saliva appeared on Tony
Garotta’s lips. He slowly pulled the
automatic up and pointed it at Joe. He
stepped forward and pressed the muzzle
against Joe’s temple. The cub who had
squirmed looked very scared and very
foolish just then. Bob O’Leary stiffened.
The other three cubs breathed raspingly.

  “That’ll make an awful racket, Tony,”
said Joe.

  “Yeah, but you won’t hear it.”

  “No, but the cops will, and then what’ll
you do?”

  “To hell with the cops!”

  “And you’ll have to stop and pot these
five guys, or they’d make swell witnesses.”
These five men grew, if possible, paler.
Tony’s gun lowered a trifle. Another
patrol clattered up outside. He lowered
the gun entirely and stood, tense. From
the hall came sounds of conversation.
Men—and they were bluecoated men—
were nearing the reporters’ room. Tony
darted to the window. He threw a leg
over the sill and looked back.

  “Damn you!” Tony was talking to
Joe. “You won’t live till morning!”

  He was gone.

  Joe brought his chair down with a
bang. He heaved a tremendous sigh and
threw sweat from his forehead. Bob
O’Leary turned and rushed out of the
room.

  “That’s right. Verify it, Bob.”

  “Aw, go to hell!”

  Joe suddenly shot out of his chair and
to a telephone.

“City desk! . . . Joe Rooker . . .”
Joe told to a rewrite man the latest
episode in the Fly-Stanner murder story.

THE CITY stumbled on along
the way to dawn and the
presses thundered through mid-
night. Beneath cold nitrogen
lamps the clicking mechanisms of com-
posing rooms made murder more articu-

late. And then, from beneath great
concrete shelters, trucks rumbled forth
carrying the story of how Joe Rooker
knew that Tony Garotta had been on
the High Level when Arnold Fly and
Joseph Stanner had fallen in their own
blood, while ten thousand looked on and
the city roared around them.

  And then the city read.

  Old men in dented derbies and drooping
clothes, sitting in the half light of the
Public Square like mooning crows, mut-
tered, sucked their teeth and read their
murder. Up in Playhouse Square, young
men and women going from theater to
night club, paused a moment, scanned the
headlines, clucked and chattered, and
went on. Over in Newburgh, the steel-
workers, eating their lunch, read by the
crashing light of the blast furnaces and
chewed stolidly. Mysterious, huddled
figures, hurrying along the thinning
streets, read by the light of furiously
winking street signs and went their
ways. Down along the lake, in side
streets, in deserted outskirts, those who
lingered in the greasy holes of all night
restaurants and the sour holes of speak-
easies, read how Joe Rooker knew that
Tony Garotta had^been on the High Level
the night before. And out somewhere
in the residence district, the wives and
families of Arnold Fly and Joseph Stanner
read and wondered . . .

  And all of these Joe Rooker saw. Or,
if he did not actually see all of them, he
knew. For Joe would have been a
splendid artist if he had had less com-
prehension.

  All of those who read saw the street
edition of the Globe. In the State edition
of the Globe, the city read of how Tony
Garotta had come to Central Police
headquarters while the law’s forces were
combing the city for him, and of his
interview with Joe Rooker, and of how
he had threatened Joe Rooker, and of
his escape through the window of the
reporters’ room.

  The Press, because Bob O’Leary had
verified Joe’s work, went extra, as did
the News; but’the Globe had been there
90

HENRY LaCOSSITT

first. The Press and the News challenged
the Globe as did the other two papers of
The Town, and were beaten. Their copies
lay in stagnant bales on the newsstands
and in the hands of the newsboys. For
the Globe was serving its own field; the
others were invaders. During the night,
in fact, from seven o’clock on, the Globe
was supreme. Seven o’clock was its first
deadline; five o’clock in the morning was
its final deadline. After that final deadline
its vigilance relaxed. Occasionally, if the
story warranted it, the plates were made
over on the final, but this was seldom. To
do this, the story had to be exceptionally
big, for the Press came on the streets
at nine o’clock, and the Globe lost its
supremacy. It was the morning and
night paper; the Press was the evening
and day paper. Neither could combat
the other successfully out of its own
chronological precinct. So established
were these precincts that an agreement,
a journalistic treaty, existed between
the two which prevented either, save
for the occasional extras, from entering
the other’s field. The other papers of
the town did not matter; the Press and
the Globe led them all. Bob O’Leary
was with the Press, and Joe Rooker
would rather have beaten him in a story
than to have sat on the Right Hand.

  So the Press and News and the others
who went extra on that rainy November
night, failed. Joe Rooker had scooped
The Town.

  He walked now, across the Public
Square, past the old men who muttered
over the murder; past the mysterious
huddled figures that slunk along the
thinning streets in the winking light of
electric signs. He walked in plain view
and defiantly, in the most public place in
The Town, and he walked confidently
and safely. Joe Rooker knew a thing or
two about men and methods.

  But suddenly he started. He hurried
into a corner drug store, a marked man
and a very successful man in his ill fitting
clothes, with his whiskered face and his
half swallowed cigar. He changed a dime
at the counter and entered a phone booth.

He dropped a coin, pushed his hat back
on his peculiar head, called his number,
sighed, spat on the floor, and waited.
The receiver buzzed faintly, and Joe
shifted. . . .

“HELLO.”

“Hello, honey.”

Mrs. Rooker was a tall, mag-
nificently formed and beautiful
woman. She loved Joe fiercely. He
could imagine her now, her long black
hair pouring down her back, her tall
figure in pajamas and negligee, at the
phone. She would be a bit sleepy, her
great black eyes heavy lidded and
brilliant in the glow of a sidelight. She
would yawn a bit and smile a bit as she
heard his voice over the wire, and she
would look vacantly at her wrist watch
while he talked. Perhaps she would be
a little annoyed, or would seem so; but
Joe knew she was used to such things.
She had married the best newspaper man
in The Town.

  “Hello, Joe. Where are you?”
“Marshall’s on the Square. Been
asleep long?”

  “Not very. Busy?”

  “A little.”

  “Mrs. Emmer called tonight. She’s
going to have a baby.”

  “Is she? Say, honey—”

  “Yes—”

  “Would you mind doin’ somethin’ for
me?”

  “What, Joe?”

  “Would you get dressed pretty quick,
dress the baby pretty quick, tell the maid
to get dressed pretty quick, and leave
the house.”

  “Why, Joe!”

  “Please, honey. I just thought of
somethin’. I’ll have a car waitin’ for
ya at Detroit and West 85th. You’ll
do it, won’t ya?”

  “Why sure, Joe, but—”

  “Never mind anything except yourself,
the baby, and the maid. You get in
the car and come on down to the office.
You’ll hurry, won’t ya?”

  “Sure, Joe.”
DEADLINE AT DAWN

91

  “That’s a good girl. I gotta run now.
See ya later, honey. G’by.”

  “Goodby, Joe.”

  Joe hung up and stared at the phone
for a moment. Then he dropped another
coin and worked the hook furiously. He
called another number. Again he waited.
The receiver buzzed dully.

  “Hel—lo!”

  “Hello! . . . Chief?”

  “Yeah.”

  “Joe Rooker. . . . Chief, git a squad
out to my house. You know Tony
called on me tonight, don’t ya?”

  “Yeah.”

  “Well, he put me on a spot, and damn
it, I clear forgot he might do somethin’
to the wife and kid until just now, Chief.
I’ll send one o’ the Globe cars after her,
but for the love o’ heaven, Chief, git
some men out there, will ya? That wop
might pull somethin’ real fast. Will ya,
Chief?”

  “Goin’ right out, Joe. Right out.”

  “Thanks a lot, Chief.”

  Again Joe hung up. He went out of
the booth and procured more change.
Then he called another number. It was
the Globe. A squad of police hurried
for protection; a long grayhound of an
automobile sped for escape.

  Joe came out of the drug store and
bought a State edition of the Globe.
He read the story of his talk with Tony
Garotta. He looked up at the clock in
the terminal tower. Midnight. Five
hours until final deadline; five hours, and
the biggest story The Town had known
in years was breaking fast. Five hours,
and Joe Rooker a marked man—and Joe
Rooker’s wife on the way to escape.
Five hours until deadline . . .

AGAIN Joe walked across the
Public Square, past the old
men with dented derbies—-old
men sleeping now, with their
derbies pulled over their brows and their
drooping clothes wrapped close to their
withered bodies, their stories of murder
cluttered about them like dead leaves.

  He walked past the Post Office and up

Superior toward the Globe. He began
to hurry a little. He came to a side
street and suddenly stepped back from
the path of a speeding car that turned
into Superior and headed east.

  Joe stood, rooted in his tracks. He
had seen, in that speeding car, although
the man had hidden his face hurriedly,
Bob O’Leary.

  Joe ran. That is to say, he hurried.
Bob O’Leary in a speeding car meant
something. It was three blocks to the
Globe and Joe made it more rapidly than
he ever had made three blocks in his
life. He came to the gloomy rear en-
trance to the Globe building. He rang
the elevator bell in a frenzy. Slowly
the ponderous freight elevator descended,
and slowly the old man on it opened the
door. Joe bounced in.

  “Hello, Dad,” said Joe to the old
man, who slowly closed the door.

  “Hello, Joe.” The old man’s voice
was very feeble.

The ponderous elevator rose to the
sixth floor, to the city room, a large,
barren expanse of desks and typewriters.
Joe bounced in. He hurried to a phone.
“Hel—lo!”

  “Chief?”

  “Yeah.”

  “Joe Rooker, Chief. What’s hap-
pened? Chief, the wife—”

  “Take it easy, Joe. Ain’t heard nothin’
o’ that yet, but here’s somethin’. They
got Tony Garotta cornered out some-
where this side o’ Willow Beach. He
got turned back by a car cornin’ east
along the lake full o’ sheriffs and deputies.
The city cops an’ them guys are after
him now. He’s east o’ Hunderd an’
Fifth and west o’ One Sixty-two, an’
he’s between St. Clair and the lake.
They’ll probably get him before mornin’.”
“Does Bob O’Leary know it?”

  “Sure, ya fool. Did ya—”

  What else the chief said was cut off.
Joe had the reporters’ room at Central
Police headquarters on the wire.

  “What the hell ya doin’ down there?
That ain’t no club. The biggest news
o’ the night breaks an’ you sleep on it.
92

HENRY LaCOSSITT

The Press is hot after it. You watch
every brick in that police station or I
won’t only can ya—I’ll knock your
damn’ brains out!”

  “Hey!”

  The city room jumped. It already
was excited. It never had seen Joe
Rooker so excited before.

  “Get me a car! Benny, go out to the
sixteenth precinct and camp. . . . Don,
go down and watch that dumbbell at the
station. . . . Phil, you stick on the wire
to the station an’ if they start after
Tony’s mob, go with ’em. . . . I’ll call
back from where I am. ... If they
only git him before deadline—that dumb
Bob O’Leary. . . . Solo—”

 “Wait a minute! Wait a minute!
What’s this all about?”

Joe looked up. It was the city editor.
“Oh—why they got Tony Garotta
cornered this side o’ Willow Beach.
They got him cut off every way an’ are
forcin’ him to the lake!”

“Why the hell didn’t you tell me?”
“Why the hell didn’t you find out?”
Joe was gone. He did not wait for
the freight elevator this time. He almost
slid down the rail of the six flights of
stairs, and reached the bottom.

  He could see the car through the door-
way waiting for him at the curb. But
he stopped. He thought of his wife.
His fat little body heaved tremendously.
He stood for a moment. He wondered
whether he should go back and call his
wife. But he dismissed that; she prob-
ably would be gone. He wondered
whether he should go back and call the
chief again.

  Suddenly he became conscious of the
old elevator operator watching him. He
passed one of his pudgy hands over his
perspiring forehead, squared his shoulders
and stepped through the door to the
sidewalk.

  He started to get into the car. Again
he stopped abruptly, his hand on the
open door of the car. For across the
street he had seen a roadster, its curtains
drawn, its engine running. And the door
of the roadster suddenly had opened.

From it a small, dark man, an automatic
in his hand, stepped to its running board.
He aimed the automatic at Joe.

  “Git goin’!” yelled Joe.

AT THE first shot Joe fell
forward into the automobile.
The second shot, close after,
passed over him as the car
started. The car hurtled around the
corner, its door flopping, Joe lying half
in and half out, his feet resting on the
running board, and the driver pale and
rigid at the wheel. The roadster, with
a parting shot, sped in the opposite
direction.

  And just after the second shot and
just before either car moved, the old
elevator operator clutched his throat
frantically, strove to cry out, could not,
as his blood strangled him, and he fell
back into his car among littered stories
of murder.	*

  They had cornered Tony Garotta, but
they had not cornered his men. And
Tony had put Joe “on the spot”. But
they were gaining on Tony Garotta and
his men, for the assassin’s car did not
go far. A policeman, standing down
the street in the shadow of a building,
watched as Joe fell and as the two cars
started. He waited calmly. He wasted
no words calling to the roadster to halt.
Just before it came abreast of him he
shot. The roadster swerved, its driver
slumped over the wheel. The car crashed
into a steel lamp post. The gunman’s
head smashed through the windshield,
and the doctor did not arrive in time to
save him for trial.

  But Tony had other men.

  The city stumbled into dawn and the
Globe's presses crashed through deadline.
The old men in dented derbies and
drooping clothes awoke and stretched
and bought a final Globe. They read
more about murder, but they did not
read of the capture of Tony Garotta.
They read something else, though.

  But the old men in derbies, the men
and women over their breakfasts, the
steelworkers on their way from nightshift
DEADLINE AT DAWN

93

to dayshift, the drowsy proprietors of
early restaurants, the charwomen who
read as they scrubbed, the porters who
read as they loafed, the motormen and
conductors as they came on and off at
the car barns, and the hundreds of
thousands riding, walking, to daily toil,
who read of murder in the final Globe—
they did not know the half of it. They
could not know; they never would
know . . .

  It began thirty years before when
The Town was not one half its present
size. It was then that there came to
The Town three families: one from
Latvia, one from Ireland, and one from
Italy.

 The Latvian went into the junk
business; the Irishman went into the
saloon business; the Italian went into
the fruit business. The three businesses
were next door to one another, and their
owners lived upstairs; the three families
became friends. Then one August dur-
ing the nineties, the Latvian’s wife gave
birth to a son. In September the Irish-
man’s wife presented him with a boy, and
in October the Italian rushed out of his
fruit store and sputtered excitedly to the
sidewalk that he had produced a man-
child.

  Later when those three boys went to
school, the Latvian boy liked it pretty
well, the Irish boy liked it better,
but the Italian boy liked it not at all.
They went to school together for a while
and then enmity grew among them. The
Italian boy, developing rapidly, bullied
his erstwhile playmates and they came
to hate him—the Irish boy openly, the
Latvian boy with shrewd and terrible,
but prudent, passion. Between the Lat-
vian boy and the Irish boy there came
to be a rivalry in many things. In
athletics the Irish boy always won, except
at swimming—the Irish boy could not
swim at all. In matters of cleverness,
the Latvian boy usually came off first.
The Italian boy bested them both in
athletics, except swimming—he could
swim very little—but they were able to
outwit him.

  They left school early and sold news-
papers.

  And so they grew up, two of them
hating the third, the third hating and
contemptuous of the other two, and two
of them friendly enemies. Until well
into their twenties all three lived with
their families. The Latvian boy grew
fat and all out of shape, the Irish boy
grew long and gaunt, and the Italian
boy grew tall and broad and powerful.
The Latvian boy and the Irish boy
stayed in the newspaper business and
became good newspaper men; the Italian
boy followed many pursuits, and became
the leader of a powerful gang. He ran
rum across the lake from Canada, and
he specialized in payrolls.

  The name of the Latvian boy was
Joseph Rooker; the name of the Irish
boy was Robert O’Leary; the name of
the Italian boy was Anthony Garotta.

  Therefore, the old men with dented
derbies and drooping clothes, and all the
others of the host who dwelt in The
Town and read of murder that rainy
November morning, could not know the
half of it.

THE THREE of them, Joe
Rooker, Bob O’Leary and Tony
Garotta, were now engaged in
the absorbing game of fighting
one another, as they always had done—
Joe and Bob friendly enemies, and Tony
Garotta the deadly enemy.

  For Joe had not been hit by that first
shot.

  When the car, its door flopping against
his back, had lurched around the corner,
its driver pale and rigid at the wheel,
Joe pulled himself into the tonneau,
closed the door and rolled over the
back of the front seat to sit down beside
the dazed driver. The driver turned his
head slowly and jerked the wheel vio-
lently.

  “Stop a minute,” said Joe.

  The driver pulled up at the curb and
stared at Joe. He wiped his brow.

  “Yeah,” said Joe, “that’s right.”

  “Ain’t you hit?”
94

HENRY LaCOSSITT

   “Hell, no.”

  “But you keeled.”

   “Sure, before he shot.”

  “Oh.”

  “Feel like you can go now?”

   “Yeah, I think so.”

   “Then get to the 16th Precinct station.”
The gears ground and the car leaped
forward. The driver appeared to be
exhilarated by Joe’s miraculous escape.
He sped through the deserted city morn-
ing and Joe looked at his watch. It was
two hours and a half now until deadline.
Two. hours and a half until the Globe
began to yield to the Press. Joe had
kittle interest in the other papers. His
eye traveled around the little dial of
his watch to deadline time. He mused,
as the automobile, like a furtive creature
of a forest night, hurtled through the
streets. For him there were several
deadlines.

  “Hey!”

  Joe’s revery vanished and the driver
applied the brakes. From either side of
the street appeared men, guns drawn.
They were bluecoated men.

   “Who—oh, hello, Joe,” said one of the
bluecoated men. “Thought it was some-
body.”

  Joe spoke and the car started again.
A few minutes later it rolled up in front
of the 16th Precinct station. Joe shot
out of the front seat and hurried up the
walk to the steps. He took these, with
rank disregard for his tight, shiny pants,
two at a time. He popped into the
room where a sergeant sat behind a desk
and several men lounged about in chairs.
These were the members of the press.

   Joe noticed them all, but he saw only
two. One of these was Bob O’Leary.
The other was the man Joe had sent
from the Globe.

   “Hello, Joe,” said the sergeant.

   “Hello. . . . Hello, Bob.”

  “Hi.”

  “Joe, there’s hell to pay.” That was
Benny, the man Joe had sent to cover
the 16th.

   “There sure is,” said the sergeant.

  Bob O’Leary grinned maliciously. The

others grunted and shifted in their chairs.

 “What—” began Joe.

 “He got away,” said Benny.

Joe looked at Bob O’Leary. The
grin on Bob’s face was growing wider.

 “Your deadline—” said Bob, and quit.
 That was enough.

 JOE LOOKED at the sergeant.
 The sergeant nodded, as if he
 were delivering an opinion, and
 wrote something on his report.
 Joe wondered, idly, whether he were
 entering the fact that Tony Garotta had
 baffled the police.

 “Yeah,” said Benny, “he slipped
 through. They got the gang with him,
 the five guys mixed up in the murder.
 And they got him cornered again. He’s
 somewhere between Hundred-and-Thir-
 tieth, One Sixty-second, St. Clair, and
 the lake. They’re stopping all cars—
 weren’t you stopped?”

 “Yeh,” said Joe, and leaned against
 the desk. He stuck a cigar in his mouth.

 “He’s hidden somewhere around here.
 The only way he can lam is to get to the
 lake and swim.”

“He can’t swim much,” said Joe
absently, and looked at Bob.

 “How do you know?” said the sergeant.

 Joe looked up.

 “His mother told me.”

 The sergeant looked puzzled, thought
 it was a wisecrack, and went on writing.
 Joe walked to a pay phone and called
 the office.

 “City desk!”

 “Joe Rooker. I’m at the 16th. Tony
 got away. He’s hid out here somewhere.
 They’re combin’ the place. I’ll stick
 around.”

 “All right, Joe. Benny called before.”

 “And say . . .” Joe told the story
 of his escape. The members of the press
 and the sergeant listened intently.

 “Yeah, we got most of it from the cop
 on the corner, Joe. They got old Dad
 with that second shot, though. . . .”

 “Old Dad! . . . Yeah, I’ll stick
 around for a while and see what breaks.
 They might git him in time for makeover,
DEADLINE AT DAWN

95

anyway. Say—” Joe’s fat body shivered
—“heard from that car yet?”

  “What car, Joe?”

  “The car you sent out to my house.”
“N-no, not yet, Joe. You live pretty
far out, you know.”

  “You—you ain’t heard anything else?”
  “No.”

  “All right. Lemme know, will ya?”
Joe hung up. He turned to the sergeant
and tried to be casual.

  “You ain’t heard anything about my
house, have you, Sarge?”

  The sergeant looked up sharply. He
had caught something in Joe’s tone.

  “No, Joe, why?”

  “Oh, nothin’, I guess.”

  Joe called his house.

  “No answer,” said the operator.

 Joe looked at Bob O’Leary. Bob
dropped his eyes.

  The members of the press at the 16th
Precinct, waiting for the capture of a
murderer, or something pertaining there-
to, settled themselves again. It was a
long vigil, but a familiar one. They had
been on others. They dozed fitfully as
the night waned and the Western Union
clock clicked stealthily.

 About them The Town moaned and
slept.

  Joe Rooker slid down to the floor,
leaned against the sergeant’s desk and
pulled his hat over his eyes. He did not
doze immediately. He thought of a num-
ber of things, the least of which was not
his own safety, but the greatest of which
was the safety of his wife and baby.
And he thought of old Dad. Then he,
too, dozed. He had not been to bed
for forty-eight hours.

       THE SERGEANT nodded and
|n| also dozed in the silence of the
ggei murky room there in the head-
trZ.~ ,."i quarters of the 16th. He was
roused, now and then, by the phone, but
the members of the press, after the first
call or two, paid no attention. He an-
swered the phone once more.

 “What!” The sergeant’s voice was
a hoarse whisper. “When? . . . God!”

  He hung up the receiver, his eyes
staring. Slowly he forced them to look
at Joe. He gazed at the fat ball of a
man sleeping there beside his desk, and
put out his hand. Then he drew back,
trembling. Twice he did that, but each
time, as he almost made contact, he
shivered. Once he started to speak. But
he neither touched Joe nor spoke to him.
Finally the sergeant, his face drawn and
pale, sat immobile, staring at the opposite
wall.

  The city stumbled into dawn. It was
a dawn, ashen and cold; a November
dawn, with a fine rain falling.

  The Globe’s presses thundered through
deadline. And still there was no capture
of Tony Garotta. And still the members
of the press dozed there in the murky
room of the 16th. And the sergeant still
stared at the opposite wall.

  Then, from beneath great concrete
shelters trucks rumbled forth carrying
new stories of murder, of how Joe Rooker
knew that Tony Garotta had been on the
High Level when Arnold Fly and Joseph
Stanner had fallen in their own blood,
and of how Tony Garotta had threatened
Joe Rooker and had sent one of his men
to kill Joe Rooker, of the failure of that
attempt, and the success of Tony in
escaping the police net. Also, there was
another story . . .

  A truck rumbled up before the head-
quarters of the 16th and a bundle of
Globes thudded dully on the wet sidewalk.
Inside, the members of the press—in-
cluding Joe Rooker—with that uneasiness
that comes to the fitful sleeper as dawn
approaches, awoke, stretched and rose, to
move cramped muscles. The sergeant
still stared at the opposite wall.

  Joe Rooker laboriously got off the floor,
wheezed mightily and swore as he looked
at the clock, because deadline was gone,
and only by a long chance would he be
able to make a makeover. After that
there was no long chance. The Press
held the field.

  Joe heard the thudding bundle and
started to the door. He stopped a
moment and looked at the telephone,
96

HENRY LaCOSSITT

half turned to go to it, and then went
outside. There lay the compact pile of
Globes. The carrier would be by in a
little while. Joe walked to the sidewalk,
took out his pocketknife and cut the
string that bound the bundle. He pro-
cured several papers and went back into
the station. He handed one to the
sergeant, who took it, looking at Joe with
an expression of pain and fear in his eyes.
Joe stared curiously at the officer and
then threw all but one paper in the
direction of the members of the press, all
of whom had sat down again. Bob
O’Leary caught one.

  Joe looked at the Globe to read the
story he had made.

  The banner was good. The headlines
were good. He noted that the makeup
was striking without being too sensational.
The Globe did not print diagrams with
large white X’s tooled in the plates, the
captions declaring the exact spot of dead
bodies. He noted that the leads were
vivid and clear. He noted all this at first,
without actually reading the contents.
And then, because he was the best news-
paper man in town, he noted everything.

  He started. He staggered as if he had
been struck in the face. His fat body
swayed like a toy balloon in the wind.
His pudgy hands crumpled the paper
where he gripped it and tore it slowly.
Something like a gurgle, a sob of his
soul’s agony, escaped him.

  He wheeled suddenly. His dull eyes
were dead no longer. They were like
brilliant black onyx. He drilled the
sergeant with them and the sergeant
looked away.

  “You knew!”

  The sergeant nodded, slowly, with his
drawn face still averted.

  “Why didn’t you tell me?”

  “I couldn’t, Joe. I just couldn’t.”

  Joe turned to Bob O’Leary. Bob’s
eyes looked out the door into the ashen,
chilly dawn.

  “Did you know?”

  Bob O’Leary shook his head.

  Joe stood then, rocking on his heels,
staring at the front page of the Globe.

Suddenly he crumpled it, thrust it into
his coat pocket and rushed to the phone.
“City desk!”

 “You knew! You knew!”

  Silence.

  “You knew, damn you!” screamed Joe.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”

  “I couldn’t, Joe. I couldn’t.”
  “Yeah—I know.”

  “We’re not sure, Joe—”

  But Joe had hung up. His eyes were
like black onyx no longer. He gazed
dully at the floor. Slowly, like a bewil-
dered duck, he waddled toward the door,
pulling the crumpled Globe from his
pocket. By the murky light in the head-
quarters of the 16th he read once more.

AND THE old men with dent-
ed derbies and drooping clothes
would read too, and suck their
teeth. The people over their
breakfasts would read too, and cluck.
The whole city would read and mutter.

  The deadline was past, and there was
now no makeover.

  For Joe read, as the people would read,
of how his home was bombed and burned,
and of how there was no trace to be
found of his wife and child and the maid.
No trace, perhaps, except some charred
things . . .

  Joe wandered out into the ashen, chilly
dawn to the sidewalk. The rain soaked
his hat and ran down his face where tears
could not run and wet his lips. The cold
wind from the lake fluttered little wisps
of his sparse hair that protruded from
beneath his hat. And again there came
from his small mouth that inarticulate
sob that was like a gurgle.

 He walked a few paces and became
aware of the Globe car standing at the
curb. The driver had, earlier, gone out
of the station to look at something. He
had not returned. He sat, now, behind
the wheel, staring straight ahead of him.
Joe approached mechanically, opened the
door and got in beside the driver. He
had sat there only a moment when some-
thing pressed the back of his head and
he heard a voice. It was a familiar voice—
DEADLINE AT DAWN

97

  “I been waitin’ for you to do that, you
dirty kike.”

  The voice was low and throaty. Joe
did not turn. He did not even start.
It did not matter much now if Tony
Garotta crouched in the back seat of
the Globe's car and held an automatic at
his head. He sat there in the chilly
November dawn, staring straight ahead
of him. He was conscious that Tony
was there, but it left him unperturbed.
Where rain had run before, tears now
trickled their way down his fat cheeks.
But he brushed them away, wearily.
“Have you, Tony?”

  “Yeah, for an hour or so.”

  “How’d you get here, Tony?”

  “That don’t matter none to you, but
I’ll tell ya. I gypped that mob o’ bulls
at One Fifty-third and run between a
couple o’ houses. Then I beat it over
here. They followed the car. The nearer
ya come the less they look. So I sneaked
back o’ the station there. Then I seen
your car. When this bozo here —”
Tony indicated the driver—“come out,
I covered him and got in. That’s all.
Now you listen—”

  “Joe!”

  Some one called from the door of the
16th. Both Joe and Tony looked. In
the gloom they could not see, but they
knew who it was.

  “Answer him!”

  Tony added pressure on the automatic
against Joe’s skull.

  “Yeah, Bob.”

  Bob O’Leary descended the steps.

  “Let him come over.”

  Joe said nothing.

  “Joe,” said Bob as he drew nearer,
“I just saw the Globe. Joe, there ain’t
much to say, but—”

  “Don’t say nothin’!”

  That was Tony Garotta. He rose a
little in his crouch and waved his gun at
Bob. Bob stopped in his tracks a few
paces from the machine and stood, his
jaw sagging.

  “Git in here!”

  Bob still stood, staring at the black
automatic.

  “Tony wants you to get in the car,
Bob,” said Joe.

  “Git in here, damn you—” Tony’s
voice was a cold whisper—“or I’ll blow
you in two!”

  Bob got into the car.

  “Now you,” said Tony to Joe, “git
in back here with me, too.”

  Joe got out of the front seat. He
opened the rear door and started to get
in and, for the first time since the night
before in the reporters’ room at Central
headquarters, he saw Tony Garotta. He
paused a moment on the running board
and looked at Tony Garotta. And once
more his eyes lost their dullness and
became as brilliant black onyx. They
glowed in the chilly dawn. But Tony
did not notice.

  “Hurry! We’re goin’ places. An’ I’ll
sit in the middle.”

  The self-starter whirred; the engine
spat.

  “You guys,” said Tony, “are drivin’
me out o’ this mess. I got a launch out
near Euclid Beach. I can’t get to it
alone, but with you two gennelmen, I
can make it.” The car was moving.
“I’ll just slide down between an’ pull my
hat over my eyes. I’m just a drunk gen-
nelman o’ the press—see? An’ if any bull
or any dick stops this wagon, you boys’ll
tell him just that. If you don’t, I’ll git
arrested, but—” Tony waved the au-
tomatic briskly—“you gennelmen won’t
scoop nobody with the story.”

  Tony slumped down between Joe and
Bob. He pulled his hat low over his
eyes. But he could see well enough.
And his powerful hands were ready. So
was his gun.

  He told the driver where to go. The
car gathered speed, turned east, and
started along the street that lined the
lake shore.

THE DAWN was slowly, very
slowly, breaking into a sullen
morning. Along the street that
lined the lake shore the houses
stood like silent soldiers in the rainy
gloom. And on the porches of these houses
98

HENRY LaCOSSITT

were editions of the morning Globe. The
Globe's car rolled smoothly past them on
the glistening street. Tony Garotta was
taking Joe Rooker and Bob O’Leary for
a ride.

  “Ya see,” said Tony, “they’s some
rummies due from the other side today.
They’re my boys. We’ll git the launch
an’ you gennelmen’ll be glad to come with
me, I know. I’m gonna take ya for a
nice long ride.”

  The car slowed. The spotlights of two
motorcycles caught it, held it and two
policemen rode up on either side.

  “Oh, hello, Joe. Hello, Bob.”
“Hello,” said Joe and Bob together.
“Since when,” said the man at Joe’s
ride, “did you boys get clubby? Who’s
that there?”

  “He’s from the shop,” said Bob. “He
got drunk.”

  “They got you guys steppin’, ain’t
they?” said the man at Bob’s side.
“Where you goin’ now?”

  “We’re runnin’ down somethin’.”
“Well,” laughed the man] at Joe’s side,
“if you run down that tough wop, glom
him, will ya?”

  They rode on. The Globe car rolled
on. Bob O’Leary heaved a great sigh.
Joe Rooker gazed stolidly at the road
ahead. Tony Garotta raised himself and
straightened his hat.

  “That was nice of you gennelmen,” said
Tony. “Got a paper?”

  Bob produced his.

  “Hold it for me,” said Tony.

  Bob held it as Tony slumped down
again. Tony read the front page of the
Globe.

  “Well, well,” said Tony. “So they
heaved a pineapple in your dump, Joe?
An’ the wife an’ kid was there, Joe? I
sent them boys out there, but I hadn’t
heard. An’ now I read it in your paper,
Joe. You treat me right, Joe, don’t ya?
We always been thick though, ain’t we?
Swell story about how you knew I was
on the High Level, Joe—flashlight pic-
ture—walk on the right side o’ my foot—”
Tony laughed.

  Joe turned his head slowly and looked

  down at Tony Garotta. Tony saw the
movement out of the corner of his eye,
and chuckled. Joe’s eyes were deadly
black and they glowed again in the
slowly growing morning. Bob O'Leary
saw them q,nd started.

  “Take it easy, Bob,” said Tony.
“Don’t try nothin’.”

  He suddenly looked up. They were in
the outskirts of The Town now. The
houses were few and far back from the
street, which had become a road.

  “It won’t be long now, gennelmen,”
said Tony. “Turn left next street,
driver.”

  The driver turned left at the next
street and drove toward the lake. Tony
Garotta raised himself to a full sitting
posture and pushed his hat back on his
head. He looked at the men on either
side of him and laughed. Bob O’Leary
looked at him fearfully; Joe stared ahead.

  The car entered a stretch of road not
far from the lake. On either side the
uncut trees of a new subdivision grew
profusely.

  “About a hundred yards farther,
driver,” said Tony, “an’ then we can
git out.”

  The driver followed directions.

  “Right here,” said Tony.

  The driver stopped.

  “Now,” said Tony, “you gennelmen
can git out. An’ you too, driver.”

THEY all got out of the car
then and stood in the fine rain,
waiting. It was full morning
now, but gray and gloomy.
Tony Garotta looked back in the direction
of the main road and then waved them
toward the lake. They began to walk,
Tony behind, his automatic in his hand,
herding them.

  Joe waddled along beside the gaunt
form of Bob O’Leary, his eyes staring
straight before him.

  They reached the top of a low rise
that declined sharply down to the beach.
Fresh water spray from a drumming surf
blew over them, borne on the morning
wind. Fresh water spray rolled down
DEADLINE AT DAWN

99

Joe Rooker’s cheeks and became salty.

  “Why, Joe!” said Tony as he came
abreast the three. “You got the weeps.”
Joe said nothing.

  Up the beach a few yards was a shack
built out over the water. Tony waved
them on. They plodded through the
wet gravelly sand, inclining their heads
against the wind from the lake. They
came to the shack and stopped. Tony
reached in his pocket and pulled out a
key.

  “Here,” he said to the driver, “unlock
that thing.”

  The driver went to the door of the
shack and unlocked a rusty padlock.
He waited.

  “Open it up,” said Tony.

  The driver tugged open the doors.
They creaked in the lake wind. Within
was a long, sleek speedboat of brown
wood, restless on the surging surf that
sloshed and slapped around the enclo-
sure.

  “Now that,” said Tony, “is some scow.
And that’s what’s goin’ to take me an’
you two gennelmen out to them rummies.
And then,” Tony continued, borrowing
his wit from a comic strip current at the
time, “the fun begins.”

  He waved his automatic at Joe and
Bob. Bob watched him, fascinated, but
Joe only stared out at the sullen lake
which writhed under the ashen sky,
wrinkled with the fine rain. The rain
came in gusts, according to the wind.
All of the men were soaked.

  “And you,” said Tony, indicating the
driver, “I don’t know what I’m goin’ to
do with you. I guess—”

  He raised his automatic and pointed
it at the man. The driver put up his
hands as if to ward off the bullet. He
probably meant to scream, but he only
moaned and shrank as he backed away.
“I wouldn’t do that, Tony,” Joe said.
“The hell ya wouldn’t!”

  Tony snarled and whirled. His move-
ment was threatening, as was his voice,
but Joe neither started nor flinched.
“No,” said Joe, “I wouldn’t.”

  “And why?” Tony was sarcastic.

  “Because he ain’t done nothin’ to
you.”

  “Oh, yeh? Well, he,might do somethin’.
I ain’t leavin’ him here to run an’ squeal
soon’s we put out.”

  He turned back to the driver. The
driver still stood with his hands up.
Foolish, puzzled terror twisted his face.

  “You might tie him up.”

  Tony dropped the gun a little.

  “You got lots o’ murders already,
Tony.”

  Tony wheeled again. He stepped for-
ward and smashed Joe across the mouth
with his fist. Joe staggered back. Bob
O’Leary trembled. The driver dropped
his hand and began to sob. The rain,
coming in gusts according to the wind,
diluted the blood that oozed from Joe’s
lips and trickled through the whiskers on
his chin.

  The blood excited Tony.

  “You fat kike! When you get potted
you’ll bleed like a stuck hog. Shut up!”
he screamed at the sobbing driver.

  The driver choked on his sobs and
coughed. They were all silent for a
moment. Joe wiped his mouth with
a dirty handkerchief.

  “Well, what’d I tie him with?”

  “One o’ those lines.” Joe pointed at
the moorings of the boat.

  Tony considered.

  “Well,” he said, finally, “let’s git goin’.”
He waved them into the shack.

  “Just to make sure he won’t holler,”
said Tony.

  He swung. The driver dropped with a
sigh—it might have been of relief—as
the barrel of Tony’s automatic struck
his skull.

  “You guys tie him up.”

 Joe and Bob went to work. Tony
watched them suspiciously. When they
were finished with the driver, he ordered
them to untie the boat. They did.
The driver was thrown on the beach
within the shack; the other mooring line
was dropped into the boat.

  “Bob,” said Tony, “git up front and
I’ll sit with you. Joe’s gonna drive for
his own ride.”
100

HENRY LaCOSSITT

THEY all got in. Tony and
Bob sat forward, facing Joe.
Joe sat behind the wheel. He
turned the engine over. It
was cold, but he primed it and it spat.
Finally it caught and the boat thrashed
from side to side in its slot. Then it
moved slowly out, gathered speed, and
nosed toward Canada.

  Out across the sullen, wrinkled lake,
under the ashen sky, through the fine,
gusty rain, it flew, white wings of spume
attending it.

  And even now the old men in dented
derbies and drooping clothes, the people
in their homes and offices, the hundreds
of thousands walking the streets of The
Town, were reading of how Joe Rooker
knew that Tony Garotta had been on
the High Level when Arnold Fly and
Joseph Stanner had been done to death,
and of how Tony Garotta was on the run,
and of how a man’s home had been
snuffed out with a bomb.

  “Flashlight picture of my feet, eh,
Joe? Hot, ain’t it, Bob? The wife,
Joe? The kid? Move over, Bob.”

  But Joe only went about his business
of driving the speedboat. Now and
then he wiped the oozing blood from his
mouth and flung the rain from his eyes.
He stared past Tony Garotta at the
sullen lake.

  “Hold her straight, Joe, until I tell
you, an’ don’t try no tricks—God, it’s
wet.”

  Tony pulled a bottle from his hip,
drank, and shuddered.

  “Have a drink, Joe?” Joe shook his
head.

  “You, Bob?”

  Bob O’Leary turned away.

  “Might sting your mug, eh, Joe?”

  Tony laughed boisterously.

  The boat leaped across the swells of
the wrinkled lake like a joyous dolphin.
They were pretty far out, now. Away
to the left they could see the buildings
of The Town, great piles of illumination
shining faintly in the gloom. Out ahead
of them a freighter plied west, probably
on its last trip before winter began to

creep down from Superior and strangle
shipping.

  Tony took another drink. He looked
at Joe and then at Bob O’Leary. Bob
stared back at the dreary, wooded shore,
directly behind them. Tony pushed him
in the face.

  “Show a little life. You ain’t got
long. You too, kike.” He swung the
open bottle at Joe. Drops of its fiery
contents hit Joe in the face.

  Joe wiped them away. He said nothing.
He held the boat straight for Canada.
But now and then he turned his eyes
on Tony Garotta, and each time they
glowed with a black brilliancy. Tony
swung his gun idly.

  “How far out are they, Tony?” said
Joe.

  “Not far now, Joe my boy. Not far.”

  Tony turned his head and looked.
Joe watched him.

  “Bear a little to the left, Joe.”

  Joe bore a little to the left. Far out
in the wet gloom beyond the freighter he
could see a dark smudge on the horizon.
He looked at Tony again.

  “That it, Tony?”

  Tony turned his head and looked at
the dark smudge. He tensed a little.
He half rose from his seat. The boat
was flying at forty miles an hour.

  Tony was on his feet now. He rested
the barrel of the automatic on the rail
and raised his hand to shelter his eyes
from the driving rain. He stepped up
on the seat. Bob O’Leary happened to
look at Joe, and gasped.

JOE, with all the strength of his
fat arms, wrenched the wheel
sharply to the right, as far
around as it would go. A
second later his round body bounced out
of the seat straight at Tony Garotta.

  The boat swerved abruptly, like a
frightened dolphin, and dipped sharply
to the left as it turned. Tony Garotta
waved his arms frantically in an effort to
keep his balance, just as Joe’s body hit
him. He screamed a curse, lost his gun as
he threw his arms wildly, and floundered
DEADLINE AT DAWN

101

overboard. Joe fell across the gunwale.
Bob grabbed him by the coat and pulled
him to safety.

  “Thanks, Bob.”

  Joe scurried to the wheel and turned
back toward Tony.

  Tony paddled feebly in the icy water.
The swells lifted him, shook him, and
flooded over him. He gasped and coughed.
He shuddered as the water’s chill bit
him. He strangled as a breaker hit
him in the face. He thrashed as his
clothes grew heavy. He tried to scream,
but he only gurgled. His broad face
was now a mask of terror.

  And around him, like a shark, now,
the speedboat moved in a slow circle.

  Joe had throttled the motor down.
He steered the boat carefully and each
circle was smaller than the last. Dis-
passionately, only with that terrible glow
in his eyes, he watched Tony Garotta
struggle. And Bob O’Leary, sitting
stunned, looked from the floundering
figure in the water to the fat figure at
the wheel and wondered.

  Nearer and nearer came the boat and
more frantic grew the struggles of Tony
Garotta. His lips were blue and his face
livid with fear and exhaustion. His
glassy eyes appealed to Joe as the boat
came closer. Joe reached in the tool
box and brought out a large wrench.
He glided up to Tony Garotta. As the
boat came by him, Tony threw his hands
over the gunwale. But Joe did not
stop. He moved on slowly and smiled
at Tony’s fruitless efforts to climb in.

  He left the wheel and kneeled to look
down into the face of Tony Garotta.
He drew from his pocket the crumpled
sodden copy of the Globe, smoothed it,
and held it before the terror shot eyes
beneath him. He pointed to the story
that told of how a man’s home had been
bombed, of how the lives of a man’s
wife and child had been snuffed out, and
of how there were no traces—only charred
things.

  His battered lips smiled a little. He
suddenly wadded the sodden paper into
a ball, and with a sobbing curse, flung

it into the face beneath him. Then he
lifted the wrench and with two terrible
blows smashed the fingers that clutched
the gunwale.

  Tony let loose with a moaning cry,
and again he thrashed. And again—
although much smaller now—the speed-
boat circled. But Tony could not last
much longer. The efforts of his arms
and broken hands began to subside.

  Joe brought the boat up again and
drew alongside the struggling figure.
Tony threw his hands over the gunwale
and clung with his palms. And once
more Joe left the wheel and knelt above
him. For a moment he glared down
at the man beneath him.

  It had been said that Joe Rooker had
no scruples, no mercy, no religion. He
had little mercy; but he did have scruples.

  He hit Tony Garotta over the head
with the wrench and grabbed him by the
hair as he started to sink.

  “Gimme a lift, Bob.”

  For the first time since Joe had sent
Tony overboard, Bob O’Leary moved.
They dragged Tony Garotta aboard his
own boat.

  “We’ll truss him up,” said Joe.

THEY took a line and tied
Tony’s hands and feet. He
lay in the bottom of the boat
like a sack. Bob went forward
and sat down. Joe went back to the
wheel. They both gazed at the man who
lay between them. Joe’s head drooped a
little. He sighed wearily.

  The boat rose gently on the cold swells
of the wrinkled lake. The motor was
dead. Across the leaden reaches came
the bray of a freighter, and from away
to the left came the faint shriek of
whistles, the city’s hymn of noon.

  Bob O’Leary looked up suddenly.
He started and looked at his watch.

  “Chees!” said Bob. “What a story.
An’ it’s already noon.”

  Joe looked up, then. His eyes met
those of Bob O’Leary across the inert
form of Tony Garotta. He lifted his
round shoulders a little and looked at his
102

HENRY LaCOSSITT

own watch. Then he reached into his
pocket and pulled out a damp cigar.
He bit the end off absently and put the
cigar into his mouth. His eyes made
little nervous twinkles.

  “So it is, Bob.”

  “Well, start this thing, and let’s get
back to town.”

  High noon. No deadlines for Bob
O’Leary now, and Tony Garotta cap-
tured; captured, moreover, in a manner
that would make the most sensational
story in America. Seven hours until the
first Globe deadline and the end of the day
for the Press. Seven long, beautiful hours.

  Joe started the engine. He turned the
boat toward town. He did not, however,
set as rapid a pace as before. The boat
slid along at a fair rate, parallel to the
shore, about two miles out. Bob O’Leary
lost his lethargy. He beat his fist against
his palm. He looked up and grinned.

  “This’ll make a swell yarn for the
final. Just at the rush hour.” His grin
became gloating. “How about deadline
now, Joe?”

  “Looks like you got the breaks, Bob,”
said Joe.

  “This’ll whip that story of yours that
you got last night, won’t it, Joe?”

  “Guess it will.”

  They lapsed again into silence. Joe
steered on a straight line. They rode
for an hour. A fog came down and
blanketed the dull lake. It cut off the
city. The boat went on blindly. Tony
Garotta showed no signs of returning
consciousness.

  “Better head for the Coast Guard,
Joe. I can phone from there.”

  “Yeah.”

  Ahead, now, a whistle blared in the mist,
and a lean, cloudy stream of light suffused
the gloom. That was the Coast Guard light-
house. Bob O’ Leary grew very restless.

ABOUT a quarter of a mile
from the lighthouse, a stone
tower which reared itself at
the end of a long breakwater—
The Town’s artificial harbor—the engine
of the boat suddenly raced, roared vio-

lently, then faded out altogether. Bob
looked up apprehensively. Joe got up
and opened the horizontal doors above
the engine. The boat glided to a stop.
“What the hell!” said Bob.

  “Don’t know. Wait a minute.”

  Joe began to tinker with the engine.
“I’ll have it fixed in a minute, Bob.”
Joe had a wrench. He worked with
it a few minutes. Then he threw some-
thing over the side. There was a tiny
splash. Joe threw his wrench into the
water and walked to the back of the boat.
He took off his overcoat and his jacket
and vest.

  “What the hell you doin’?” said Bob.
  “Gettin’ ready.”

  “For what?”

  “To go swimmin’.”

  Joe lifted the anchor weight and threw
it over. Then he took of his shoes.

  “Are ya plumb nuts?” said Bob.
  “No.”

  “Then what the hell are ya goin’ to
do?”

  “Swim to the Coast Guard.”

  “What! Why—what’s wrong with this
boat?”

  “It won’t run, Bob. I just opened the
distributor and threw the brush into
the lake. This is one time when ya
swim to a story.”

  Joe dived. Bob O’Leary’s curse wa3
drowned as Joe went under. He came
up shivering.

  “I’ll s-s-s-send s-s-s-somebody for ya
around s-s-s-seven o’clock. That's dead-
line.”

  Joe made it.

  He dragged his fat body up the iron
ladder of the Coast Guard’s tower and
sank, a pudgy, shivering mass on the
stone platform. He rested a moment.
Then he crawled to leeward and looked
out. He could see nothing of the speed-
boat through the thickening fog.

  He got up and wobbled around to the
door.

  There were five men in the tower. They
were playing cards. They resembled wax
figures when Joe half fell in the door.
He staggered toward a chair and might
DEADLINE AT DAWN

103

have collapsed, but they snapped out of
it and caught him.

  “Almighty! Joe Rooker!”

  “Hello, Cap’n,” said Joe. “Anything
doin’?”

  “Joe— Say, Joe, I’ve got—”

  “Gimme a drink first, Cap’n.”

  They gave him a drink of whisky taken
from a Canadian rum runner. Joe took
two great gulps. It warmed him. Some
one brought him steaming coffee. They
tore his dripping clothes from him and
wrapped him in blankets. They placed
him before an open fireplace and brought
a pan of hot water for his feet. And
they gave him a cigar.

  “Was on this Tony Garotta thing,
Cap’n—”

  “Joe, I read about your— Say, I’ve
got—”

  “An’ I had a boat. I thought maybe
Tony was tryin’ to lam by the lake. The
boat went dead. I was wetter’n hell any-
way, and I might have been out all night.
I can swim, ya know.”

  “Yeah, I know. Say, Joe, I’ve got a
message for you. The police reporter for
the Globe told us about it when he was
callin’ the rounds this mornin’. We wrote
it down. They didn’t know where you
were, when you left the 16th, and they’ve
been phonin’ all over hell for ya. They
even thought of us.”

  Joe looked at the captain quizzically
and took the message. It was folded
once. He opened it and read it. His
tired, bewhiskered face quivered as he
read, and he turned away. His face re-
laxed, for the first time since all this
business of murder and those who com-
mitted it had claimed him. And as his
face relaxed, tears, unrestrained, rolled
down his fat cheeks. He sobbed silently.

  The men of the Coast Guard stood for
a moment and said nothing.

  “Want to phone, Joe?” asked the
captain.

  “Not now, thanks,” said Joe. “I want
to rest. Don’t tell any reporter I’m here,
will ya?”

  They let him rest. He sat by the fire.
He might have dozed as the afternoon

declined and the gloom outside became
thicker and the lean stream of light
circled slowly and monotonously above.
He might have dozed . . . (“Mrs. Em-
mer called tonight. She’s going to have a
baby.”)

  The Coast Guard’s whistle moaned in
the mist. Other whistles came groaning
across the lake. The rain, still fine, and
still gusty, beat fitfully against the small
panes in the tower. And not far away,
blanketed by the fog, Bob O’Leary, under
Joe’s overcoat, shivered and cursed and
waited, while Tony Garotta still lay, inert
and unconscious . . .

  (“You’ll do it, won’t ya, honey?”)

srtak'T?' ACROSS the harbor the city
groped in the gloom and won-
■PggB dered. The Press came out
i "irST? ancj ^eld (jay ^he 0ther
afternoons, watching it, followed its lead.
The cold nitrogen lamps of composing
rooms revealed clicking mechanisms set-
ting speculations. And The Town read
and muttered in the fine, gusty rain. The
day went down and the city stumbled
into dusk . . .

  They thought Joe dozed. They let
him alone as he sat, huddled, through the
long afternoon. They let him alone, and
perhaps he did doze a little. But most of
the time he looked, through nearly closed
eyes, at the licking flames of the fire, and
thought of many, many deadlines.
“What time is it, Cap’n?”

  “Oh, are you awake, Joe? Why, it’s
6:30.”

  Joe got up and waddled in his blankets
to the nearest phone.

  “City desk!”

  “Joe Rooker—”

 “Where—”

  “Coast Guard lighthouse. Gimme a
rewrite. I got the story of Tony Garotta’s
capture.”

  “Wha— All right, Joe. . . . Say,
Joe, your wife—”

  “I’ve already heard. Gimme the re-
write.”

  “Alrea— All right, Joe.”

  Joe told his story. The men of the
104

HENRY LaCOSSITT

Coast Guardi sat silent and listened.
Joe’s story implied that they had a duty
to do, but they stayed and listened any-
way, and grinned a little. Joe finished
and hung up.

  “Tony’ll sure get a hot seat, Joe. They
got his mob too, you know.”

  “Yeah, I know. I forgot to tell ya
when I come in, Cap’n, that Bob O’Leary
and Tony Garotta are out there about
five hundred yards from here. You’d
better go get ’em now. Bob’s pretty wet,
and I’ll bet he’s sore as hell—” Joe
laughed, and it was ra little hysterical.
“Can I go to bed?”

  “Sure, Joe, there’s cots upstairs. We’ll
give Bob one, too.”

  “An’ you’d better let the cops know
about Tony, now,” said Joe.

  He smiled, as he waddled off in his
blankets, up the circular stairway of the
tower.

  The Globe passed its deadline.

  Under the cold nitrogen lamps the
machines set, not speculations, but an
amazing train of facts, and the Globe's
presses thundered triumphantly. And
then, from beneath great concrete shelters
trucks rumbled forth carrying the story
of Tony Garotta’s capture; carrying also

the preceding events, including the ac-
count of how a man’s home had been
bombed and burned.

  But also the Globe carried the story of
how Joe Rooker’s wife and baby and
maid had left the house before it had been
bombed and burned, and of how the
driver of the Globe's car, wise in the ways
of men and methods, had taken them out
of The Town, to the little city of Elyria,
some miles distant, and had told no one of
where he had taken them, fearing to do
so, because Tony’s mob had been at
large. But after the capture of Tony’s
mob, and the flight of its leader, according
to the Globe, this canny driver had in-
formed the world. And the whole of the
interested world had known—all except
Joe and his two companions in the speed-
boat, and the two companions in the ,
speedboat did not matter much in this.
But Joe had read all that in the newspaper
cod$*message handed to him by the Coast
Guard. His family was now on its way,
safe, from Elyria. Joe could afford to
waddle off up the steps and to bed.

  And the city read, after its tedious and
gloomy day, and marveled—and slept.

  Joe Rooker once more had scooped The
Town.
Pursuit

by ANDREW A.

CAFFREY

A tale of the American “Balloon Strajers”

WHEN
head-
quarters
s e p a -
rated Jack Langdon
from his pursuit
group and sent him
to fly two-seaters,
headquarters came
very close to break-
ing a stout flying
heart. For Langdon,
there was nothing to
do but pack and go;
anything in the way
of protest would
have netted him
nothing, besides
being very bad taste.
Nevertheless, be-
tween high dudgeon
and low spirits, the
boy hovered and
suffered for days.

  Flying chasse—
pursuit—was the
holding of all that
war could give. But
piloting a two-
seater—any two-
seater was just plain
hell. You would not
ask an Oldfield or a
De Palma to drive a
ten ton truck, and
expect him to like it,
would you? Nor
would you detail
Sande to ride a me-
chanical nag. Well,
Langdon was to air
what these others

 are, or were, to track
 and turf; and that,
 thoughtless head-
 quarters should have
 known. But this
 same headquarters—
 Air Service, S.O.S.
 Tours—was no re-
 specter of individu-
 als. If the observa-
 tion outfits were
 short of men, there
 was only one place
 to get them—from
 pursuit.

  Langdon, when
the ax fell, was at
Issoudun’s last in-
struction field—the
combat school—
Field No. 8. An-
other day or two
and he would have
been safe.

   “Now, look here,
 Langdon,” the officer
 in charge of flying at
 No. 8 had said, when
 the boy was called
 upon the carpet and
 assigned to report at
 Romorantin for De
 Haviland training.
 “We don’t want you
 to go out of this field
 tonight feeling rocky
 against us. We’re
 not discriminating.
 Tours called for five.
 There were only five
 of you ready to shove
 off. It’s tough; it’s

105
106

ANDREW A. CAFFREY

rough; it’s rotten. You’ve put every-
thing on the ball. You’re an A-l chasse
flyer, and the best hand with a machine
gun we’ve ever turned out. The game
was made for you, and nobody hates
worse than we do to see you leaving
pursuit.”

  “That’s all right, Captain,” Langdon
had said. “You’ve been white to me
here at No. 8; she’s a bon school. But—
and pin this in your hat—I’m not quitting
pursuit. They can send me to the two-
place hacks, but they can’t make me do
two-place missions.

  “I’m a pursuit man, and no matter
where they sink me, I’ll still be a pursuit
flyer. They can anchor me to an obser-
vation balloon’s cable, or put me on the
business end of a shovel, but as long as I
have life in me, I’ll fight this war a la
chasse—right on the other guy’s tail.”

  Late that night Langdon and his four
fellow travelers detrained at Romorantin.
Romo’, along with its many other things
of air, was the first European home of the
American made De Haviland plane.
Langdon had only seen one of these big
ships before—big to scout flyers. That
was when Lieutenant Rube Williamson
had flown the first DH from Romo’ to
Field 8.

  “Oh, these big crates are all right, I
guess,” Rube had told the gang. “But a
DII is a DH, and can never be a chasse
machine, you know. No matter how you
figure, bunch, a ten ton truck is a ten ton
truck and, if the truth must be known,
that’s how these DH babies handle—like
heavy duty trucks on old rubber. They’ve
got lotsa power, but little pep; and less of
that old maneuverabitity stuff than an
Otis elevator. But let me tell you,
cadets, when the nose of this hack gets
away from you, it’d shame an elevator
with the cables cut. Whew! They’re
planting them every day at Romo’.”

        AT ROMO’ Langdon and his
gma-tes reported for DH in-
struction.

            ..Are these DH.S bad?»

  The instructor was fast on retort.

  “Boy, I’ll say they’re bad! These here
culls just ain’t got no conscience a-tall,
nohow. For my own part, I’m going to
quit air for the Tank Corps. As a rule,
when these crocks hit the sod, nothing’s
above ground but the rudder, waving like
a flag over a hole in the ice. I came here
with ten friends. Four of them are up
there on the hill—boxed.”

  “Ten friends?” Langdon mused, as
though this had something to do with the
business at hand. “Nobody in the
world has ten friends.”

  “That’s how it looks to you,” the in-
structor answered. “Any guys that are
sent up here to fly DH’s sure have no
friends! And that’s why you won’t mind
being bumped off . . . Anyway, let’s see
what you boys can do with these arks.
Who’s who here? Let’s get a look at your
monickers. When I call your name, step
stiffly to the front, stand at rigid at-
tention and answer—‘Here, kind sir.’
Lieutenant John J. Langdon!”

  “On the job, kind sir,” the new arrival
answered. “And I’m a guy as ain’t got
no friends.”

  “Langdon?” the instructor repeated.
“I’ve heard of you, Lieutenant—never
mind the salute. Weren’t you the bird
who flew Major Greene from Mitchel
Field clean to Hazelhurst, upside down,
and told him that you were trying to get
a look at your landing gear—that you
thought you had blown a tire on the take-
off?”

  “The same dizzy guy,” Langdon said.
“And wasn’t it strange? I couldn't get a
look at those wheels; and that was why I
flew the major all the way back to Mitchel
in the same way, upside down. Till I’d
tried it, you couldn’t tell me that a pilot
wouldn’t see the bottom of his plane by
turning the bottom up. Is it not all
strange, kind sir?”

  “It sure is,” the instructor agreed.
“But lend an ear, Lieutenant. We have a
commanding officer here who likes to ride
in DH’s. One of these days I’ll manage
to get you and him in the air in the same
ship. Do you begin to see light ?”

  “That’s one of my worst troubles, kind.
PURSUIT

107

sir. My eyes take in too much light.
The docs have a fancy name for it. But,
anyway, it causes me to see—or think I
see—fun in things that strike others as
being drab. For instance, after that flight
at Mitchel, Major Greene said that it was
his first trip in the air.”

  “And the records,” the instructor
smiled, “prove that it was his last. Now,
ten years later, the record still stands.”
After one turn of the field with Langdon
on the controls, the instructor gave him
an O.K. He simply said, as he stepped
from the plane:

  “You’re jake, Lieutenant, but if I were
you, I wouldn’t land these DH’s out of a
loop like that. Hell, Langdon, life’s
sweet, even at an observation school.
Come on now, go on living. Maybe you’ll
get a shipment back to chasse. Others
have done it, and the war is young. You
know your air, and that’s no small item.
But the good ones, Langdon, are the
ones we pack in large boxes. And the
other kind, damn ’em, we can’t get rid of.
You know, there are observers here,
Langdon, who just won’t qualify.
They’re afraid of the Front and won’t
leave Romo’. And just so long as their
observation work is below grade, we
can’t ship them out. What’s the use?
They wouldn’t be worth a damn to any
squadron . . .

 “Now, just a minute. A mighty
thought strikes me. Langdon, I’m going
to put some of these dumb johns behind
you. Maybe you can show them their
objective. If you’ll fly ’em the way you
just flew me, the Front will look like an
old ladies’ home to the most timid of
these goldbricks. Oh, just one more
word before you take off. Don’t fly as
close to other planes as you flew to that
one a little while ago. That was Colonel
Kingsley. He’s from Tours. Man, you
were too near.”

  “That was all right,” Langdon assured
the instructor. “I wasn’t trying to pull
anything fast. I just wanted to learn
something. You see, I’m accustomed to
flying rotary motors with propellers
turning at about 1400 revs. Well, this

Liberty was doing about 1700 revs per
minute and I just wanted to get a peek
at that other bird’s instrument board.
It was all right; his was turning the
same. But 1700 r.p.m. seemed mighty
fast.”

  “Hell!” the instructor said. “I hope
your clock never stops, or you might try
to get a peek at some other pilot’s wrist
watch. But go ahead, take off. See you
later . . .We’re going to like each other,
Langdon.”

WITH a full tank, good for
four hours’ flight, the new DH
pilot went back into the sky.
Off toward Vierzon, at sunset,
he spotted something that made his heart
glad. There, with about twenty thousand
feet under them, was a Nieuport “27”
patrol, from Field 8. He knew that they
were from No. 8 because, coming in close,
all five Nieuports revealed ship numbers
with which he was familiar. All of them
were students; not an instructor’s ship was
among the lot.

  Langdon felt fine. He climbed on the
front man’s tail, broke the formation and
tried to induce the bird to go “round and
round”. The lead man was not looking
for combat with a DH. He went into a
dive and waved Langdon away. But the
merry one followed. Then, with his
power running wild, the retreating Nieu-
port flyer burned out his rotary engine.
Langdon saw the propeller stop. Then he
leveled off and started to climb back to
the rest of the flight. A man with a dead
engine is no man at all.

  One of the remaining four, when
Langdon closed down on their rear again,
deliberately killed his motor and went into
a spin. The other three, somewhat be-
wildered, remained to mill a bit. But
when Langdon’s propeller came near to
biting chips out of one of their rudders,
that Nieuport also called it a day.
Enough is enough. Langdon saw the ma-
chine start down for a landing.

  Jack Langdon had discovered some-
thing. What had started as fun, took on
the magnitude of worthwhile research.
108

ANDREW A. CAFFREY

He had learned that a DH, rightly flown,
could combat—could go round and
round—with a chasse plane.

  The remaining two Field No. 8 ships
had followed their disabled mates to
earth. Jack Langdon hung around to
make sure that five safe landings had been
made; then he laughed, sang a bit and
looked about for new worlds to conquer.

  West of Bourges, he found a Farman
“pusher” from the French school at
Chateauroux. It was drifting along at
eight thousand feet. Langdon came up
from the rear and had his left wingtip
nestled in close to the Frenchman’s out-
riggers, before the Chateauroux flyer
noticed that he was not alone. Then a
badly frightened face under a large crash
helmet stared, wild eyed, across that
short space. Langdon’s heart skipped a
beat with the shock. The face under the
helmet was a boy’s.

  “You damn’ bully,” Jack Langdon said
to himself. “Get t’hell gone from here
before you scare this game little frog to
death.”

  He throttled his power, dropped his
right wing and slipped away from the
Farman. Then he turned back, headed
into the last rays of the sun and cut for
Romo’. There was joy in his heart, and
he was making himself all kinds of fine
promises.

  These DH’s, he decided, were not the
poorest things in the air, and if a young
fellow were to apply his best talents—
Well, chances were, he could manage to
make himself felt.

  “Yes, sir,” he said, talking aloud.
“I’ll talk with the riggers. See what they
think about washing some of the incidence
out of these wings. Bet with the outer
wing bays washed flat, there’d be no drag
and the old crate would swing around on
a dollar. And that will speed her up a
lot, too. No question at all. If we
flatten these surfaces out, we’ll add eight
to ten miles per hour. What can be done,
is going to be done, or I’m a wet bird. In
the meantime, unless they put the screws
on me, I’ll combat everything that flies
in this neck of the tall timber.”

  Early the next day, though, they did
climb Langdon’s frame. They climbed
him twice. Once on account of the com-
plaint that Field No. 8 sent through from
Issoudun; again because of a wail that
came up from Chateauroux.

  “I don’t blame the French kid in the
hayrack Farman,” Langdon told the
officer in charge of flying, upon whose
carpet he was arraigned. “But those
dudes from No. 8 should hang their
heads in shame. The idea of refusing
combat with a DH! Those five birds
should be forced to stand a court-martial,
sir. Why not make this an issue, sir?”

  “By hell, Lieutenant, there’s food for
thought there! But look here, Langdon—
be careful not to climb any of these two-
place Sopwiths that you see fluttering
around here; any Sops, Avros or Cau-
drons. They’re always full of fat majors
and lean colonels, to say nothing of a few
supernumerary generals of sundry ranks.
And if you ride any of them, the war ends
for you. We have one cadet in the guard
house now. He dared to come in with
a dead stick when a major was trying to
take off.”

  “Well, what the hell should he have
done?” Langdon asked. “Stay up there
with a dead motor till the major decided
to take off?”

  “That was the cadet’s problem,” the
officer in charge of flying stated. “And he
didn’t get the right answer. The major
gave his own ship the gun and crashed
into the cadet’s plane. Don’t you work
up any problems here, Langdon, unless
you can see the solution beforehand. A
pilot in the guardhouse is no flyer at
all.”

 “I’m immune, sir. You know how
blacksmiths and guardhouse keepers
laugh at love, or something like that?
Well, I’ve fallen in love with DH’s. That’s
strange, I know; but it’s a fact. Me and
the DH’s are getting together, and we’re
going some place.”

  “I’ll give you a push toward the Front,
Langdon, as soon as I see a chance. Now
get into the air and pile up as many
hours as you can. That’s what counts.
PURSUIT

109

These forty and fifty hour pilots are not
lasting long on the Front.”

  “I’ve had two hundred hours, sir, and
I’m ripe for the bow. All my old bunch
are fighting the Battle of Paris right now,
and here am I poling DH’s for the ever-
lasting glory of the S.O.S. The thing
ain’t right, sir, no matter how you
figure.”

DURING the day he flew dif-
ferent missions with two of the
instructor’s worst goldbricking
observers. Each time Langdon
arrived over the practise objective—
Neung, Orleans, Chinon, Blois—he would
yell back—

  “Do you get it?”

  “Too high,” the student observer
would invariably sing out. And, as a
rule, the approach altitude would be
above fifteen thousand feet. “Too high,
Lieutenant.”

  “Hold everything! We’ll fix that all
right,” Langdon would assure the victim.
Then he would put the rambling DH into
a tight power spin and cut down the
altitude so fast that no rear seat ob-
server would care to be present a second
time. Or, if he did not spin, he would
execute a vertical sideslip that, by rights,
belonged to much smaller and trimmer
craft. At any rate, each man he took up
finished his observation class in one
quick lesson. The unfortunate goldbrick
would come back to Romo’, pea green
and dead eyed.

  “Can he fly?” these boys who had liked
Romo’ so well would say. “Can he!
Oh, hell, give me air.”

  But no more air with Langdon. Within
the week, he had every goldbrick off the
instructor’s hands.

  “But I don’t want you to get too good,
Langdon,” the instructor would warn.
“They’ll keep you right here for dura-
tion if you do. Then you’ll have to pull
something raw to get moved. For in-
stance, stop rolling your wheels across the
shop roofs. You think they don’t see it,
but the headquarters gang have been
watching you. You know how they like

to be entertained. Don’t show ’em any-
thing. But here’s good news:

  “I’ve got you lined up for a mission to
Paris. You’re going to lead a ferrying
group close to the big town and deliver
ten DH’s for Front line squadrons. No,
you don’t get a smell of the Front.
Your mission ends when you deliver the
ferry at Orly. But you’re going to get a
chance to oo-la-la, kid.”

  “Strange, but that leaves me cold,”
Langdon replied. “I don’t want to fight
that Guerre de Paree till after I’ve won
the right to spread my line on the
boulevards. Then I’ll strut. And don’t
think that I don’t want to. Boy, I’m
saving up for the biggest pair of chest
wings that’s ever been worn on a Yank
blouse. And that’s some big. And I’ve
got me a swagger stick, too. It has a
spark plug in the end of it, and a machine
gun cartridge on the tip. You see, I’m a
regulation Yank. All set and a-rarin’ to
go—when the right time comes. Yes, sir,
Paris is going to sit up and rub a pair of
bleary eyes. Yankee Doodle’s going to
ride right into town and on the make,
too.

  “But how about giving me a final
lache and kicking one bon pilote toward
the Promised Land?”

  “No can do right now, Langdon. But
I’ll tell you what might be done. If a
call for DH men comes down the line while
you’re up Orly way, I’ll get a wire to you
there and have your orders sent along.
If you’re traveling light, take your per-
sonal junk by air on the ferry trip.”

  “I’ll do that,” Langdon said. “The
other pair of socks won’t be any kind of a
load for a DH’s observation pit. When
do I head this ferry?”

  “Tomorrow. That is, if the new planes
are all assembled by that time. They’re
all on the floor in final assembly now. In
the meantime, be a good guy, Langdon.
Watch your step. And if you run across
any Issoudun Nieuports, Spads or
Morane Saulniers—well, snub the whole
gang. What’s a bunch of chasse pilots to
a guy who can do his chasse in a DH?
Stick to your class, kid.”
110

ANDREW A. CAFFREY

  “Damn’ tootin’!” Langdon said, and
went out to fly—and snub everything on
wings.

  At 2 p.m, the next day, Langdon stood
in the cockpit of the point DH of a
grounded V of ten such planes. The nine
who were to follow him were, to a man,
of Langdon’s type, eager for anything,
and anxious to get under way on this
cross country hop. Cross country flying,
at that time, rated high among the
glories that went to make the romance of
air. It was all adventure. Impatiently,
the waiting nine goosed their motors and
watched for the second when Langdon’s
hand should fall. At 2:05, the leader slid
into his seat, cracked his throttle, lifted
his tail and took off. Two by two,
in an ever mounting cloud of dust,
the others took up the slack, filled in
on Langdon’s rear and roared into
flight. A turn of the field, and the
shabby V formation went into the north.
All ten did not get to Orly that day.
Langdon watched three of the boys
make safe landings with dead, or dying,
motors, at Neuville, Etampes and
Juvisy.

  “Guess that’s all right by me,” he
mused, after he and the others had
circled about the unfortunate each time.
“Those boys either had motor trouble or
they know chickens in these towns. If
it’s motor trouble, it’s common and un-
avoidable; and if it’s chicken, it’s class
and pour d’honneur d’Air Service d’Ame-
rique. And either way, or both, I’m for
’em. Just three little jobs for Field Ser-
vice; and Field Service must have some-
thing to do.”

  Through benefit of Field Service they
were all at Orly next noon.

  “I’m going to hold you boys here for
a few days,” the commanding officer
said when they reported for return rail-
road transportation. “We expect to have
a flock of ships going back to Romo’ for
repair. And you’re the men to ferry them.
Enjoy yourselves.

  “How’re you boys fixed for francs?”
And the commanding officer, who was
young himself once, smiled.

ON THE second day of their
lay-over, orders for the Front
came through for Langdon and
two of his ferry mates. A
Roman holiday was held, and the three
borrowed scout planes to celebrate.
Langdon flew his through the Arche de
Triomphe at high noon, wearing a high
hat. He got away with it, and nothing
much was said.

  “But,” the Orly flying officer reminded
him, “you’d have rotted in Prison Camp
No. 2 had things been messed up in the
Place de VArche de Triomphe.”

  “Ain’t it the truth, sir?” Langdon had
agreed. “Nowadays failure doesn’t pay.
Yes, sir, a guy’s crazy to slip up.”

  “Tomorrow, Lieutenant Langdon, “the
Orly official went on, “you three transfers,
with you in charge, will ferry three of
these new DH’s up to the Trente-Neuf
squadron’s ’drome. You’ll get their loca-
tion last thing before taking off. It’s an
American group in an American sector—a
sector all bought and paid for. Major
John Mack’s in charge up there. Boy,
you’re in luck—drawing a C.O. like Mack.
He’s one of the gang and actually flies.
Pilots from the front seat too, and without
a second lieutenant hidden away on the
rear controls. Give the major a hello for
me, Lieutenant. Get the numbers on
those three ships and look ’em over. If
you want anything around here, ask for
it—and see if you get it! Or if you want
anything, take it—and see if we care!”
The next day was fine. It was life’s
rosiest for three willing Yanks. Birds
were singing, poppies blowing and the
skies were high and clear.

  “Follow me,” Langdon said.

  The ferry up was without event; and
the Trente-Neuf’s ’drome was where a
blind man could find it. Later, Langdon
and his mates were to learn that German
airmen also located the place without
much trouble.

  “You boys,” Major Mack said, “can
see the highway commissioner and take
out registration papers on those machines
you ferried up. We’ve lost a few men in
the past week—flu, you know—and it
PURSUIT

111

won’t be many hours before you’re out
on your own. The Trente-Neuf welcomes
you. It isn’t much of a name, but the
outfit’s top-notch. Also, remember it’s
your home; and a home’s what you make
it—between drinks. And right now and
here—no drinking, boys, except at mess
and between meals.

  “Look around now. Get to know the
mechanics. Treat ’em right—the me-
chanics—and they’ll treat you right.
Don’t ever forget to remember that air
battles are won on the ground. You
know, they say a celebrity is only a dub
to his valet. That’s the way up here. A
cocky pilot finishes fast and quick on
these strange airways. I know because
I’ve lost several pilots in battle who were
never game enough to get out of the
weeds. Why, to get them, an enemy pilot
would have to use telepathy.

  “Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do,
boys, and report for mess in clothes.
That’s all the orders we have here. If
you salute me, I’ll credit you with a gold
star. If you don’t salute me, I’ll never
hold it against you. This old uniform of
mine is a disgraceful affair and by all
rights does not rate a salaam. Go; come
when you’re in trouble.”

  The three saluted us though it were a
pleasure, and went out.

  “If the Trente-Neuf is like its C.O,”
Langdon said to his flying mates, “this
dump’s going to be a home. Guess we
can work here.”

  For anybody looking for work, the
place could supply the limit. Having
heard that the air branch was the eyes
of the Army, the Artillery, Infantry—and
even the Medical Corps, through force of
bad habit—were incessantly asking for
observations. They did not care much
what was observed, but they liked to
keep the Air Service in hot water. These
old line branches know how easy it is to
loaf when it rains, or the fog gets too
heavy; so they figure that, being the
highest branch of the Service, aviation
should do its stuff while others sleep.
And the young branch, extending itself to
the limit, made those observations; flew

when flying was out of the question, and
sacrificed men when men were scarce.

THAT evening, by low candles
in the Trente-Neuf’s mess,
Langdon and his two mates
met the outfit. Except for one,
it was easy to know. That one, Lieu-
tenant Charles Mudd, F.F.V., A.S.,
U. S. R., was hard for Langdon to meet
because he had met him before.

  F.F.V. Mudd and Langdon had both
been assigned to the 10th Aero Squadron
for shipment overseas. Together, at
Mitchel Field, they had reported in to the
10th’s old top-kick, Sergeant Benton;
and upon reporting, when the lOth’s C.O.
was absent, the Old Man had had them
sign the register. Langdon had signed
first, and in a self-conscious way.

  “Put down your rank, Lieutenant,”
Sergeant Dad Benton had said. “There’s
no misters in this man’s Army. Put down
your ‘Lieutenant, First’, and your ‘A.S.,
U.S.R’. ”

  Next, Lieutenant Mudd signed. But
first he found a resting place for his
swagger stick, and deposited his gold
tipped cigaret on the edge of Dad’s
blotter. And when that baby signed, he
signed—and how!

  “First Lieutenant Charles Surrv Mudd,
F.F.V., A.S., U.S.R.”

  “What the hell’s all this ‘F.F.V.’
stuff?” the old sergeant quizzed.

  “That, suh, is, First Families of
Virginia,” Lieutenant Charles Surry
Mudd answered.

  Of course, his tone of voice was the
tone that should be used when a lieu-
tenant speaks to an enlisted man. And
it went just about as far as the talk of a
lieutenant usually goes with an enlisted
man. The old sergeant, with a stroke of
the broad pen, struck out the F.F.V.

  “There are no F.F.V’s in this man’s
Army, Lieutenant Mudd.”

 Lieutenant Charles Surry Mudd
stepped back. His pale face grew even
paler. The sensitive lips and chin
quivered, and the flesh above his knees
prickled within their well tailored con-
112

ANDREW A. CAFFREY

fines. His breath came hard, his eyes
flooded, then the proud youth fell to
chewing his lower lip. The Army, un-
couth thing that it is, had taken him for
another ride.

  Finally, deciding against mixing with
a lowly sergeant, Lieutenant Mudd re-
trieved his swagger stick and cigaret, and
strode to the door. He hesitated upon
the threshold long enough to say—

   “I’ll report this, Sawgent.”

  “Report and be damned,” the old top-
kick mused, and closed the register.

  More than a quarter of a century in the
service of Uncle Sam had placed Sergeant
Dad Benton in a position where lieu-
tenants, and even higher rankers, were
of no more importance than the most
lowly 10th Aero buck. With the ever ex-
panding bubble that was the war of ’17,
wise heads of Dad’s caliber were only too
few. Newly made captains, suddenly
advanced majors and dizzy colonels came
hurriedly into the old man’s council to
ascertain just what gentlemen of their
rank should do under this, that and the
other condition. And they got their
answers.

  “You’ll find the answer to that,
sir,” the old man would say, after twist-
ing his long mustaches for maybe as much
as ten seconds, “on page so and so,
paragraph this or that in your Blue
Book.”

  And how any man, even in twenty-
seven years, could memorize—page and
paragraph—as large a volume as Army
Regulations, is beyond the understanding
of one who could never remember which
of two was the right foot.

  So you can see, First Lieutenant
Charles Surry Mudd’s report, if made,
caused no ripple on the already troubled
waters of Mitchel Field. And Mudd’s
report, very likely, was turned in be-
cause, in the several weeks of his stay
with the 10th, the lieutenant was hard
to get along with. He wanted salutes
from the enlisted men. Enlisted men,
though, seldom salute those who fail to
command their spontaneous respect; and
Mudd was out of luck.

   Shortly after the lOth’s arrival upon an
active field in France, a plane crew sent
Mudd into the air with an almost empty
gasoline tank, two flying-wire tum-
buckles unsafetied and a landing gear
wheel loosed and ready to fall off. When
the motor died at five thousand feet,
Mudd came down for a landing. When he
hit the ground, the right wheel bounced
through his lower off-side wing and went
places. The small pursuit plane, a
Nieuport 27, with one wheel missing,
somersaulted three times, by the count,
and Mudd came up from the wreckage
like an angry hen from a messed up nest.
Shades of Southern hospitality and
gentility! What a yell went up!

  However, the 10th Aero was a good
outfit. It was also a mighty useful outfit
and had an important top sergeant in its
orderly room.

  “The whole damn’ affair must have
been just an accident,” Dad Benton con-
vinced the benzine board appointed to
smell into Mudd’s rotten charges. “Why
these 10th boys are worked to death,
Sixty-odd pursuit planes in the air for
five periods a day. Of course now
and then something is going to go
wrong.”

  The benzine board made its report.
Headquarters made a move. Mudd was
the pawn. And because the 10th gang
ran with every other gang at Issoudun’s
many fields, headquarters made the
move big enough to put Mudd out of
danger for all time. He, First Lieuten-
ant Charles Surry Mudd, F.F.V., was sent
to observation, away from Issoudun.

NOW, with the Trente-Neuf,
Langdon and Mudd were in the
same outfit once again.

  “How are they breaking,
F.F.V?” Langdon asked. >

  Mudd gazed through Langdon and
went to his place at table. A quiver of
anticipation went through the room.
And that told Langdon that Lieutenant
Mudd had not changed one whit.

  “You’ll remember, Lieutenant Lang-
don,” Mudd said, when he was seated, “my
PURSUIT

113

Army salutation is Lieutenant Mudd.”
“The hell you tell!” Langdon smiled.
“Where at is your F.F.V, Charles?”
Mudd gave his attention to the meal.
The table tried hard to smother its
mirth, and Langdon explained—

  “Lieutenant Mudd and I made our
transport with the same outfit, attached
to the 10th Aero—”

  “The swine!” Mudd snarled.

  “The best damn’ air unit in France,”
Langdon said. “That is, with the ex-
ception of the Trente-Neuf.”

  “That’s the spirit, Lieutenant Lang-
don!” Major Mack cheered from his end
of the long table. “The old outfit is al-
ways good, but the new outfit, to be an
outfit, must always be the outfit . . .
Stand, devils— To the Trente-Neuf!”
“This Trente-Neuf,” a man at Lang-
don’s right said, after the toast, “is a jake
outfit; Langdon. There’s only one thing
wrong with it.”

  He stopped talking and stared at Mudd.
“There was only one thing wrong with
the 10th,” Langdon told the man, “and
it was the same thing. An outfit’s mis-
takes are its own, and the unpardonable
mistake is the mistake made when an
outfit makes the mistake of not rectifying
its mistakes. Am I right?”

  “No mistake,” the other agreed.

  Next morning, Langdon went out on his
first mission behind Mudd. That is, be-
cause of seniority, F.F.V. was in the front
plane of a three ship flight. Now, this
thing of following F.F.V. Mudd was not
the worst medicine on earth, and Langdon
had no kick coming. Mudd was a flying
man, and that seems strange. None,
no matter what his idea of manhood,
could ever deny Mudd his place in air,
and for more than two months now, he
had been taking missions out and, what
was more important, he was bringing
them back. Maybe that was why the
Trente-Neuf had not taken steps to
clean up this one mistake.

  Mudd was one of those conscientious
flight leaders who gave flying orders like
a pedagogue and then expected every
man to do his duty. There was no fun

to be found behind him. The objective
was the objective, and not fun. His unit
took no long chances. If enemy planes
were above, Mudd toured all France on
their four hour DH tanks, then came
back. Came back, got the pictures or
observations, and went hell bent for
home. A pilot might just as well have
been touring France with the “Y”. And
on more than one occasion, he had been
told so; but not by Major Mack. No
matter what the major might have
thought personally, he stood firmly be-
hind Mudd because of results shown.
The business of an observation squadron
is observation. Let the pursuit groups do
the combat stuff.

  This first Front line flight of Langdon’s
was the quietest thing imaginable. Not
an enemy craft crossed their skies. He
wondered where these comebacks from
the Front got all their stuff about dog
fights, painted circuses and German
infested ceilings. And as he followed
Mudd, above territory that should have
been bad, he recalled what Rube William-
son had told them, back at Issoudun.

  “Hun planes! Never saw a single Hun
plane in two weeks’ flying. Maybe
they’re there for some, but they were not
there for me.” And now they were not
there for Langdon.

  At the end of the eastward mission,
Mudd, with the observations on the cuff,
signaled for a turn and back home push.
Then, for about ten minutes, Langdon
kept the other two planes close in where
they belonged and began to look about
to see what he could see. They came
above a road that was jammed with the
properties of Germany’s late summer try.
Without a great deal of thought, Langdon
parted company, dropped down from
Mudd’s six thousand feet elevation and
went to strafing the enemy activities.

IT WAS fun. It was war. It
was more like it. He turned
to his observer—a Lieutenant
Akeley—and winked. Akeley
stood up on his stool, bent over Lang-
don’s shoulder, and yelled:
114

ANDREW A. CAFFREY

  “Go back and give ’em hell! When
you come in above that little burg where
they were eating—where all the smoke
was—sideslip and let me get a crack at
’em with my gun. Hop to it!”

  Langdon looked for his two com-
panion planes. Mudd and the other had
gone ahead. For a moment he might have
hesitated. This thing of pulling a private
strafe while detailed on a mission would
not be considered exactly good. But
being a strong youth, Langdon weakened.
He flew a turn and went back along the
German supply road.

  Where he found the field kitchens
smoking, Langdon climbed to about five
hundred feet. From that altitude, with
the nose of his plane high, he slipped right
and gave Akeley his chance with the rear
gun. At the same time, watching his
slip, he also watched Akeley and cheered
the gunner above the roar of slipping
struts and wires. At a hundred feet or
less, he kicked out of the slip, redressed
his ship, whaled full motor to the craft
and flew across the concentration of
troops—and through a hail of rifle fire
. . . Akeley went back to the Trente-
Neuf a corpse in Langdon’s rear pit.

  At sunset, Jack Langdon sat upon his
heels before a hangar, smoked, and tried
to figure out the whole thing. Within the
hangar at his back, under a tarpaulin, was
the quiet Akeley. A short distance away,
where the sun’s light was yet available,
Trente-Neuf mechanics worked at patch-
ing thirty-seven holes in Langdon’s DH.
The mechanics talked and wondered why
that new bird, Langdon, did not get
bumped too.

  Within his quarters, till the evening’s
dusk gave way to dark, Lieutenant Mudd,
martinet at heart, worked assidously
upon his report. He missed supper in its
completion; then with the several pages
in hand, the conscientious one straight-
ened his blouse, put a rag to his boots,
strapped on his Sam Browne and went
toward Major Mack’s room. On the
way, Lieutenant Charles Surry Mudd
detoured only once, and this detour sent
him past the enlisted men’s quarters

where the longers were forced to snap into
it and deliver the salute.

  “Too bad, Lieutenant Mudd,” Mack
said as he received the report. “Hell, I
liked Akeley. We’ll miss him. The
whole Trente-Neuf will miss his mandolin
of evenings.”

 “It was murder!” Mudd snarled.
“This man Langdon— It was murder,
sir!”

  “But Sergeant Rictor—” the armorer
of the Trente-Neuf—“reported that Bob
had fired several hundred rounds. His
gun was still warm when Lieutenant
Langdon returned,” Major Mack pro-
tested. “And you know Bob Akeley,
Lieutenant. If he had a chance to go out
like that, in action, why, the boy was at a
feast with a fork in each hand.”

  This glorification of personal thrill was
not for Mudd. Wordless, white and
a-tremble, he weaved on the threshold and
tried again and again for words. In the
end, he said:

  “You have my full report, sir. A flight
leader must have unbending discipline,
sir.”

 Major Mack walked toward the
window. Then, because there was noth-
ing else he could do, he walked back.

  “Lieutenant Mudd,” he said. “Send
Lieutenant Langdon to me.”

  Major Mack was still pacing when
Langdon knocked, came in and reported.
The Major eyed the pilot and paced once
more to the east window, then he paced
back and eyed Langdon once more.

  “What have you got to say, Lieu-
tenant?” the superior finally asked.

  “Not a word, sir.” Langdon fought
hard to swallow his grief. “I know I’ve
pulled a star boner. Guess I’ve had my
war—been hired, fed and fired all in a
day, sir.”

  “Whose idea was it, Langdon?”

  “Mine, sir. As yet, I can’t always re-
member that I have another man behind
me. Observers weren’t in my first
schooling, sir.”

  “Even if the thing were excusable,
Lieutenant, you should have asked Akeley
what he thought of the plan.”
PURSUIT

115

  “Yes, sir.”

  “Maybe you did.”

  “No, sir. I just got the idea that I
could do damage on that road, so I
shoved down the nose and went. Then
we got together, Akeley and I. He said—
“ ‘Go back and give ’em hell!’ And we
went.”

  “I thought that was it!” Major Mack
smiled. “Langdon, ever since Bob Akeley
came to this squadron, at least twice a
day he’s been in here trying to talk me
into turning the squadron to pursuit.
Of course we can’t sanction such doings,
Langdon. And for my own part, I
wouldn’t pull such a strafe. No, I’m a
little too old and slow on the controls.
You see, I like to have a little more
space between my wheels and the ground.
But I’m not so old as to be unable to ap-
preciate the finesse of the thing and,
Lieutenant, if we could roll back time,
and circumstance would place Langdon
in Mack’s place, and Mack in Lang-
don’s— Well, that road would have
been strafed today. Maybe not as good,
but after a fashion at least.

“NOW, Lieutenant, I’m
neither going to call out a
firing squad nor mark you on
the ground. Between you and
me, aviation, as the eyes of artillery,
doesn’t carry even the weight of a good
joke. I’m an old artillerist myself,
Langdon, and I know. So if we can wage
any kind of a war of our own, I’m not go-
ing to stand in the way of progress. You
understand, Langdon, I am not author-
izing, sanctioning or legalizing future side
trips; but in your own right, you are in
command of one ship while off the ground.
Orders, the best orders ever made, were
only made to be broken. And so long as
they are broken without going into the
red, when it’s all over, there’s no kick
coming. In other and fewer words—be
sure you’re right, then go ahead and
don’t slip up. The quick are always
right in war, Langdon. But it is far
better that the quick be dead than be
wrong.

  “Now, there’s one observer in the
Trente-Neuf with whom I want you to
become well acquainted. It is Lieutenant
Samter. Samter, during such times as
Bob Akeley wasn’t pestering me, has
spent much wind trying to show me where
and how this outfit might run up a big
record in combat victories. He’s of the
opinion that an observer should only ob-
serve when there’s no fighting to be done.
And he can do things with that rear
machine gun, Langdon. Sergeant Rictor
tells me that Samter has shown him more
trick stuff than he’s ever seen before.
And Sergeant Rictor has been an armorer
for upward of fifteen years. If you and
Samter find that you have much in com-
mon, come to me and we’ll talk it over.
No reason at all why he shouldn’t hold
down your rear stool on all flights . . .
English fags, they are. Take a couple
with you, Lieutenant.”

  Late into that night, Langdon and
Samter talked. And they discovered that
they had just about everything in com-
mon, including a rotten opinion of one
Charles Surry Mudd, F.F.Y. Lieutenant
Samter had been riding behind Mudd a
great deal of late, and the war had lost
its flavor.

  “I’d rather hold on to the rear saddle
of a motorbike with an enlisted stiff
chewing hard on the handlebars,” he told
Langdon. “All of the white haired boy’s
good flying is wasted. And I’ll say old
F.F.V. can pilot. But what’s the use of
being behind him—just going the route,
delivering the milk and coming home?
There’s more thrill working at kitchen
police where you have the ever present
danger of cutting your finger while paring
spuds, eh?”

  “Sure,” Langdon agreed. “The C.O.
gave me these cigs. They’re English.
Ain’t they rotten, what?”

  “I wouldn’t walk a mile,” Samter
answered, “unless it was to get away from
such smokes.”

  The next day it rained and the new
team worked ship. Langdon and the
Trente-Neuf’s head rigger washed out
the outer bays of all four wings. Also
110

ANDREW A. CAFFREY

they took out one of each pair of outside
flying wires.

  “They don’t need all these wires,” the
rigger agreed. “Each one of these cables
has a breaking strength of more than two
thousand pounds. When would you ever
get such a load on a wing? Same way
with the landing gear. You know how to
set these babies down, Lieutenant. I
watched you when you brought Akeley
in yesterday. You wouldn’t have broken
an egg, so we’ll pull out all the extras
and that will help to speed the crate
up too.

  “We’ll do some streamlining on her,
too. I’m glad to get a chance to see
what can be done about pepping up a
DH. I always argued that something
could be done. They ain’t such dead
culls. They’ll maneuver if you’ll help
’em.”

  Samter and Rictor put hour after
hour on the two guns. That DH had
surely fallen into good hands. Toward
the end of day they flushed the water
radiator, drained the old and refilled
with new motor oil, cleaned ignition
heads, and the ship was set. Then
they prayed for a morrow full of flying
weather.

  Next morning, September the twenty-
third, Langdon and Samter mooched
their way into a real melee above the
road from La Harazee, where the 77th
Division was convoying guns through to
the Bois des Hautes Batis. That fight, by
rights, belonged to the pursuit gang. It
was no place for a DH. But when
Langdon and Samter pulled out, they had
done damage enough to justify a bid for
confirmation on two enemy planes. Their
ship had been hit seven times, and
Samter once. But his was just a minor
rap, only a little job for the squadron
doctor.

ON THE day following, the
two wild men accounted for
three of eight German observ a-
tion balloons that had hung
above the main road through the Vesle.
And Langdon and Samter were beginning

 their traditional climb toward lasting air
 fame.

   On October the thirteenth, divisional
 headquarters called for a rock bound veri-
 fication on all observations covering that
 tough stretch of road between Grand Pre
 and St. Juvin. It had been a hard line to
 bend—that German stronghold along
 the northern bank of the Aire; but now,
 one way or the other, it was not only
 going to be bent, but broken—and com-
 pletely.

   Mudd, with four following ships, and
 covered from above by twelve pursuit
 planes, went out to do the job. They
 were nearly above Grand Pre before
 hell broke loose; and they were past
 St. Juvin and making a turnabout before
 the first Hun ship broke the high de-
 fense and took a DH off the Trente-
 Neuf’s rear.

   With his remaining three, stiff lipped
 and obstinate, Mudd flew his turn and
 went down the St. Juvin-Grand Pre line
 for a return whirl. Then a second DH
 fell, and Langdon broke out with combat,
 quit formation, and won another Boche
 ship from the milling group.

   Lieutenant Charles Surry Mudd
 worked long and late upon another re-
 port. Then Major Mack paced late and
 long into the night and tried hard to be a
 good fellow and, at the same time, a good
 soldier. Which is a thing well nigh im-
 possible. In the end, he called all six
 who had returned. All of Mudd’s five
 companions, including Mudd’s own ob-
 server, swore by all that might have been
 holy that Langdon, in quitting forma-
 tion and taking on combat, had only done
 so to cover the successful retreat of the
 camera planes. And Charles Surry,
 F.F.V, went into the night talking to
 himself and kicking stones. That war
 was a war for him.

   Langdon and Samter, listening to the
 guns that were pouring it into Grand Pre
 and the road to the east, waited im-
 patiently for the morrow.

   “This damn’ swagger stick dude of a
 muddy Mudd!” Samter said from his
 shakedown. “If the simple minded, simp-
PURSUIT

117

 ering juvenile does anything more to tear
 down our meat house, Jack, I’ll work
 him over with a prop wrench on my own
 time. Reports for the major! He’ll
 make one more report to the Old Man
 and I’ll land on him so hard that his
 brains, if any, will detonate and blow
 some he-man color into his insipid
 map.

 “F.F.V—Far From Vodka, Finest
Fish Vender, Faint Falsetto Voice—I’ll
F.F.V. the white haired, white livered
rat!”

 “Check — a madman,” Langdon
laughed. “Roll over, Samter, and tear
off some sleep. Charles F.F.V. is the
least of our many worries. And he’s a
good enough gun, One Wing. The only
thing is, you and I are fighting a different
war. On the level, Mudd’s scrap is
gamer than ours. His is an impersonal
guerre; and he doesn’t even keep a
diary.”

  “A good drunk is what Mudd needs,”
Samter decided. “A trip to town, a big
town, a good drunk and—”

  “That’s a two or three motored ship,
and she’s mighty close,” Langdon said,
as they caught the throb and pump of a
night flyer. “Wish we were doing night
missions, too.”

  “Ambitious guy,” Samter said to his
inflated pillow. “When would Mudd
find time to write lengthy reports?”

  “It really doesn’t make much differ-
ence,” Langdon said to his blanket,
“because nobody ever reads them any-
way.”

  During the following days, as the line
pushed up through Champigneulle, St.
Georges, Alliepont and on to Verpel, the
two wild men, for the greater part, went
it alone. Major Mack heard Mudd’s
bleat often, but the major was too busy to
bother himself with such minor dis-
tractions. This war was what men like
Mack had lived a life for. Mudd could
not be expected to see this; and Mack
made no effort toward proselyting F.F.V’s
conversion to the cause of Langdon,
Samter—and, if the truth must be
known, Mack.

THE MAJOR was on the wing
a great deal during those busy
days. With his own eyes, he
saw Langdon knock an enemy
craft out of the skies behind Buzancy,
and follow a second out of sight toward
Stonne and the Meuse.

  “Yes, sir,” Major Mack told Mudd
upon his return to the ’drome. “That
heller of a Langdon went down on a
Fokker. And when the Hun fell into a
spin, after Langdon’s first burst, the kid
sideslipped right with him and Samter
poured his load from the rear gun. They
had the poor devil burning through the
last two thousand feet. The second
plane they picked on was doing obser-
vations near Harricourt.”

  “But it’s not consistent, sir!” Lieu-
tenant Mudd insisted.

  “But hell, Lieutenant,” Mack said,
“it is strictly American, you know. And
when we take this out of the Yank
youth, we’re eternally lost.”

  So Major Mack continued to make
allowances for one of his planes which had
no more right in an observation outfit,
than has a free balloon in a pursuit
squadron.

  On the third of November Langdon
got a German ship which was busily
strafing roads near Authe; and on the
fourth he accounted for a like worker
near Oches.

  “The damn’ gorillas—strafing our
troops!” he said to Samter, as they re-
gassed their ship at ten o’clock that
morning.

  Then, reserviced, the two went di-
rectly into the air and strafed roads as far
back as La Neuville and Raucourt.

  In his own way, Mudd was making
history through the long hours of those
crowded days. Time and again, even
with his overhead defense shot to pieces,
he made requested observations along the
Meuse. He located ambushes near
La Bessage and Le Vivier and dropped
warning notes to the infantry. On a hill
above a graveyard in Raucourt, there was
a machine gun and anti-aircraft nest.
Mudd wiped it out. Twice in four days
118

ANDREW A. CAFFREY

he brought dead observers home in his
rear pit. And on one of those trips he
had landed his burning plane on the long
hillside slope before Champigneulle.

  “But why the hell doesn’t he stay and
fight?” Samter argued. “Every slug hole
in his linen is frayed to the front. Dead
observers are of no use to anybody.
They’re not worth a dollar a thousand
. . . Langdon, if I ever see a slug coming
into the rear of your crate, I’ll spray you
with my own gun just to teach you a
lesson.”

   “And I’ll pile you up surer’n hell if you
do!” Langdon promised.

   There was no freebooting on the seventh.
Artillery and infantry wanted to learn
all there was to be known of the bridges
on, and the terrain adjacent, the Meuse.
Headquarters told the Trente-Neuf to
“go get it”. And, behind Mudd, Langdon
and four other pilots—three of them
green—took off.

  At Villers Devant Mouzon, a detach-
ment of engineers were doing their best
to throw a path across the Meuse. The
German machine gun nests and snipers
were making of the job a nasty detail,
till Mudd’s flight put an end to those
ambushes.

  At Remilly, a like detachment was
having a still harder time. And the
covering aerial defense was no enviable
task. Before the first four hour patrol
had ended, two of Mudd’s new men had
limped back to the ’drome with motor
trouble, and one had been driven down a
few kilometers east of the river by an
enemy pursuit plane. Mudd and Lang-
don, close at hand, had seen that Trente-
Neuf pilot burn his ship before he was
taken prisoner by ground troops. Then,
still behind the lines, the two had turned
back toward the river.

  There was a heavy sky that day,
November 7, and anything in the way of
altitude had been out of the question.
But now, here and there, the blue was
breaking through and showing a higher
ceiling. Suddenly, out of this clearer sky,
a bi-motored enemy craft crossed their line
of flight. Langdon jumped it. After a

few seconds of thought, outclassed by the
faster Yank, the enemy ship turned east.
And the eager Langdon hung on. Mudd,
after a moment, followed. Samter, as
Langdon came down on the big ship’s
tail again, thumped Langdon on the
back and pointed to Mudd.

  “Old F.F.V. himself,” Samter yelled.
“He’s going to pile on with us. Now
there will be a war!”

  But war and a personal battle were not
Mudd’s concerns. Coming east from the
Meuse, he had spotted two Hun pursuit
planes that had seen Langdon and the
bomber.

  Mudd was pretty well off to the
south, and the pair of single-seater
Germans came down on Langdon before
he could work into position. With the
first burst of lead, Samter crumpled, shot
through both legs. He fought to stay,
clinging tenaciously to his machine gun
mount. He pulled a belt from his flying
suit, passed it through and around the gun
scarf and worked his way to a standing
position. Langdon had dived and slipped;
now he zoomed and flew a wing-over.
They came back under the pursuing
planes—and Samter got one as they went

by-

  In a moment Langdon was crowding
down on the bomber and single pursuit
ship again. And just when he came into
position, his gun jammed. The German
seemed to realize his predicament; they
passed the laugh from ship to ship. That
was a mistake on their part; it made
Langdon angry.

THE SPEED of the chase was
the speed of the big ship out
front. The combat plane easily
maintained a position between
the pursuing DH and the huge German,
thus further increasing Langdon’s rage.

  For a few minutes, as they flew in line,
the American thought hard. Then he
gained a little altitude, and with it under
him, he threw full power to his motor,
went into a long dive and closed the
distance between him and the pursuit
plane. Before the German knew what
PURSUIT

119

was up, Langdon had hooked his left
lower wingtip into the right side of the
lighter craft. The latter’s single inter-
wing N-strut came out, and half his
lower wing went with it. That pilot was
finished with the war.

  But Langdon’s ship could not go
through such a high speed collision with-
out damage. He had counted on losing a
few feet of wingtip. If only that much
were wiped off, a pilot could carry the
difference of lateral stability by using full
rudder on the opposite side from the
wing so damaged. Also the use of aileron
would help offset the loss of wing lift.
But he had lost more than was good for
the wing balance of any plane. He was
in a bad situation.

  They had crashed at five thousand feet.
Fighting to hold up the clipped lower left
wing, he flew a flat turn to the right,
covered a great deal of space and started
back for the Meuse. But, even with full
right rudder and his control stick clear
to the side, he was losing altitude. He
had to lose altitude in order to remain
at all level. Two or three times, in the
following five minutes, he came very
close to falling into a spin. Each time,
he dived, gained high speed and fought
the craft out of its wing drag.

  Here and there along the Chiers River,
the anti-aircraft outfits were sending up
feelers for Langdon. Even the machine-
gun crews were putting steel through his
ship as he crossed the highest spots.

  Finally he had Mairy just ahead and
off to the right. It looked as though he
would come to earth and pile up some
place between the town and the Meuse;
and as yet, the east bank of the river was
in enemy hands. The war was just about
over for two willing young men and . . .

  Langdon had been watching Mairy, to
his right. All of a sudden the weight
came off his weak left side. He stared,
full of bewilderment, for Mudd’s right
wings were tucked under his damaged
panels and carrying the load. That, for
Langdon and Samter, was the grandest
moment of life.

  Both motors now roared full on. They

lost no more altitude and the river be-
came more than just a possibility.

  Samter, still hanging on his belt, shook
his head and fainted. Langdon made
sure that it was Lieutenant Charles
F.F.V, shook his head and tended
strictly to his flying. The Meuse came
closer, and Archie came up oftener. The
war was as good as over for the enemy,
but they still had a goodly amount of
ammunition on hand and they were
throwing most of it toward Langdon and
Mudd. But that did not worry Langdon
now. The river was only a matter of
short kilometers. Soon F.F.V. would be
working on his report.

  “And he’s got me with my suspenders
cut,” Langdon found time to reflect.
“Hell, who ever heard of such a dumb
thing as an intentional collision on the
wing! Collisions are strictly for high
rankers and to be made only upon takeoff
and landing.

  “They’ll ground me for this sure. I
might even draw a bobtail. And old kid
Charlie Mudd . . .”

  As suddenly as he had arrived, Mudd
left. A rifle shot from the east bank of
the Meuse had found him. His plane,
with dead hands and feet on the controls,
spun into the river.

OFR0M the dressing station
where Langdon sat, richly
swathed in iodine soaked wrap-
pings, he could watch the en-
gineers fishing for a pilot and observer
where the rudder of a plane waved above
the surface of the Meuse. On a cot, where
a few medical men had been busy for an
hour, Samter was showing the first signs
of returning consciousness. Now and then
the observer had said, in delirium:
“F.F.V. Old F.F.V, himself.”

  “We used to have one of them in this
corps,” a medical private said. “He was
from Norfolk, I think. That F.F.V. stuff
stands for First Families of Virginia.”
“Right you are,” Langdon mused,
from where he sat.

  “Wrong as hell,” Samter mused. “It
stands for Fell Flying Valiantly.”
The Four Horsemen

           By HARRY G. HUSE

     Dry Land Dawson hitches his
     wagon to a star—in Hollywood

WE SPOKE of furrow drills
and two man combines; of
Ed Hyatt’s new pure bred
milking Shorthorn bull, and
of Limpy Bucklin’s boy—the lazy left
handed one that was back from the East,
from St. Joe it was, or perhaps Omaha,
with pointed sideburns and a chiroprac-
tor’s license.

  “Jest wrastles your backbone,” said
Dry Land, “and cures whatever’s the
matter of you, from long standing salt
rheum to fresh carbuncles and bone
felons.”

  In time we came, by way of a recent
wedding—“orange blossoms growed from

a slip,” according to the old homesteader,
whose native delicacy shrank from the
current explanation of the affair—to the
neighborhood’s lighter social activities
and that topic of perennial interest—the
past year’s quota of new school teachers,
their labors and their triumphs in these
fallow Montana fields.

  “Generally, on the occasion of your
visits,” said Dry Land, casting a handful
of sal soda into the dishwater, “I have
been able to mingle a little high toned
romance with my accounts of life as now
lived on these here Western plains.”

  He paused to test the steaming water
with a gnarled and knowing index finger,

120
THE FOUR HORSEMEN

121

then reached for the tin dipper in the
bucket beside him.

  “In times past, as I say,” he continued
mildly, “I have generally been able to en-
liven our conversation by supplying a
ringside, blow by blow account of the
major engagements, from the time the
party-line subscribers hear the new school-
ma’am has just been drove into the yard
and is gitting down out of the county
superintendent’s Ford coup, and has got
a shingle bob and is wearing a mulberry
sport ensembley with shorter skirts and
more rouge than last year’s, down to the
closing exercises in the spring, and the
fancy towel and kitchen tinware showers
that precedes the June nooptials.”

  He broke off to sigh profoundly and
point out the dishtowels on an ingenious
rack behind the kitchen range.

  “This year, however, I am able to pro-
vide only the bare statistics that five
out of a possible eight was success-
ful, and that four former single men
and one sod widower are now having
to scrape their feet at the kitchen door,
and keep their shoes on evenings, and
are otherwise being domestically looked
after.”

  Had he, I asked, strangely lost his
flair for the social contacts of the wheat
benches, or been crippled with rheuma-
tism or something?

  “Absent,” he explained simply. “Roam-
ing far afield, as the feller says. Observ-
ing human nature and its didoes in other
climes. Cutting a few capers my own
self for the amusement and edification of
the masses.”

  “Helena, and the State Legislature,” I
suggested.

  “Worse,” he replied. “California! The
land of everlasting sunshine, cafeterias,
Ford seedans, glass bottomed boats, horse-
shoe pitching matches and State picnics.
Hollywood, California—and the moving
pitchers.”

  He fell silent, engrossed with his shame
and a blackened skillet.

  “A wasted winter,” he mused. “Or, at
any rate, almost wasted. A sacrifice laid
on the altar of old time friendship. A

dreary round, as the feller says, of sophis-
ticated pleasures.”

  He shook his head lugubriously above
the clashing kitchen ware. Only the lift
of his shoulders and the mellow gleam in
his faded blue eyes belied his air of melan-
choly.

  “I have always held strong sentiments,”
began the old homesteader, when we were
tilted back against the whitewashed
cottonwood logs outside, watching night
deepen in the distant Highwoods, “ag’in
the tendency of tired agerculturists to end
their days dry rotting in what is termed
the Golden State.

“IT HAS been my pride since
them doleful days of 1910 when
the open range went the way of
the buffalo and Injun, and
roundups begun to be held in ball parks,
to have been able to stand out ag’in the
lure of sun kissed bungalows, bathing
beauties and new real estate subdivisions,
and to have kept mind and body soople
trying to raise wheat where it still ain’t
any too certain that the Almighty in-
tended wheat should be raised.

  “In them sad days to which I have
referred, when the dry landers was coming
in by trainloads and you couldn’t ride a
mile in any direction without hitting a
new barb’ wire fence, it become necessary
for me to bid farewell to a roan cow horse
and a low fork, rim fire saddle that hadn't
their equal north of the Missouri, and
also to one of the homeliest, hardest
riding, unluckiest poker playing human
friends a man ever had.

  “His name was Gentry—Orville O.
Gentry—and he had sandy red hair and a
snub nose and would have stood about
five foot three in his stocking feet if it
hadn’t been ag’in one of his principles to
wear socks. During the days of his free-
dom, when he was riding range and pass-
ing his earnings freely to one and all
across a pegged out blanket, he was
knowed familiarly as Bobtail—from his
small size and the brand of flushes he gen-
erally held. Then one spring he got
dyspeptic and lonely and sentimental,
122

HARRY G. HUSE

and married the Widow Bannister, that
lie was working for as foreman. After
that he was Orville to the widow, and
Double O to the half dozen other suitors
that had their eyes on her Badger Butte
ranch.

  “With the coming of so many dry
landers, anybody that used his head for
anything besides plumping out the sweat-
band of a Stetson could see the end of the
cattle business. The widow, who’d
always had horse sense, sold out while
there was still a market for her place, and
set to work gentling Orville up to the idea
of pulling out for California. They’d got
enough now and more too, she pointed
out, to keep them comfortable if they
didn’t go into high society which wasn’t
likely, Orville being too fond of chewing
tobacco and having them prejudices ag’in
white collars and socks.

  “Orville put up a good fight, and held
out ag’in the proposition as long as he
was able. Hell, he said, he’d ruther stay
here and herd sheep. He wouldn’t even
be able to do that, the widow showed him.
From now on there wasn’t going to be
nothing herded around here but jack-
rabbit breaking plows; and that kind of
work was going to be hard on a little
sawed off feller with high heeled boots
and bowlegs.

  “He put up a good battle, all things
considered. When it become evident the
widow’d had her mind made up all along
and was jest giving him rope to make
him feel manly and independent, he weak-
ened and said he’d go if I’d go too. The
widow suggested that, being to home with
livestock, the two of us might like to go
into the White Leghorn chicken business.

  “Bobtail pleaded with me something
desperate. I admit I was tempted. Spite
of his having got married, him and me
was still thicker’n a pair of cattle rustlers,
and we didn’t see how we was going to
git along without each other. But I’d
got my dander up listening to all the
croakers saying the ruination of the coun-
try was in sight, and that a cattleman
couldn’t make a go of it wheat farming.
I’d already filed on the best half section in

the county and was reading dry farming
bulletins and taking practise lessons git-
ting around on my own two feet instead
of a horse’s four. It was a sad situation.
There was days of indecision and nights
of anguish, as the song feller says, but in
the end I stuck to Montana, and Bobtail
and me said a sad farewell and our des-
tinies was parted.

  “We corresponded regular during all
the time of our separation, writing on the
average of once a year. Like a couple of
fellers will, we lied to each other purty
heavy. Bobtail’s gone into the real
estate and insurance business in a small
way to keep hisself busy. He makes out
like he’s having a big time sashaying
around amongst the orange groves and
oil wells in a automobile the widow’s
bought, and going to theaters nights,
and looking at the purty girls, and drink-
ing tony liquor. I do considerable brag-
ging about the forty bushel crops I’m
raising and about having become a leader
in the gay social life that springs up
among the new settlers.

  “He keeps threatening to visit me and
I threaten to visit him, but we don’t
neither of us ever git around to it. The
widow’s keeping a firm rein on him, I
guess, and far’s I’m concerned what with
drouth and being hailed out and having
my wheat winter-kill, I got all I can do to
keep one jump ahead of my mortgages.

“IT RUNS on like that until
late last summer. Then I git a
letter from Bobtail that sounds
real low and unhappy. He’s
had about all he can stand, he says. Him
and the widow have made more money
than they’ll ever need in real estate with-
out hardly lifting a finger, and life’s got
to be nothing but sleeping on a coil spring
bed and riding around at twenty miles
an hour on concrete roads where you
couldn’t find a bump in a hunderd miles,
and bragging about the weather and git-
ting dragged to moving pitcher shows
where the stars appear in person and tell
how good they are in voices that sound like
they got their mouths full of hot mush.
THE FOUR HORSEMEN

123

  “He’d like to git away and come see
me', but being a married man he can’t
leave the widow. Anyway, he says he
guesses it would make him feel lower and,
more despondent to see the old range
messed up with farmers, and all the land-
marks covered up with growing wheat.
He hints in his letter he’s so gloomy he
may decide to end all if I don’t value
our old-time friendship enough to come
down and spend the winter with him.

  “His letter strikes me during a moment
of weakness. I’m harvesting a good crop,
and feeling a little jaundiced from eating
too much of my own cooking, and facing
the job of rebanking my house and gitting
new winter underwear if I’m going to
stay here during the cold weather. I give
the matter as careful thought as I’m able,
being warmed up and made sentimental
by the low feeling plea in Bobtail’s letter,
and first thing I know I’ve wrote him
I’ll come and am gitting my old Ford
tinkered up for the long trip.

  “I will pass over lightly the hardships
of my journey. There’s a lot of moun-
tains between here and Hollywood for a
man that’s driving a 1916 Ford and ain’t
never felt to home in it like he would back
of a team of horses. I must have bailed
half the cricks this side of the mountains
dry, keeping water in my radiator climb-
ing up over the Continental Divide; and
I et heavily into the visible supply of
brake bands on the other side going down.
I’d got me a camping outfit and the nights
was cold enough to make a man feel lone-
some and homesick. The season was
late and there wasn’t hardly nobody in
the tourist camps to visit with.

  “It wasn’t until I got over into Utah
that I run into what you might call a
congenial human being. His name was
Fillow—Alonzo B. Fillow—but right away
he asked me to call him Lon, which was
what he’d gone by back in Idaho before
they cut the sagebrush and ruined the
country.

  “He was a long thin feller, kind of bent
in the middle like it was from stooping
down to be able to hear what average size
people was saying. He’d been born and

raised on a Snake River ranch and was a
saddle maker by trade. He’d knowed
lean days when irrigation come in, and
for a while had had to turn his hand, he
said, to bartending. That went back on
him too, when prohibition come in, and
he’d have been on the county sure, he
reckoned, if the movies and the rodeos
and the dude ranches hadn’t opened up a
big new market for his handiwork. As it
was he’d gone back to his trade and made
big money making saddles and chaps and
leather cuffs for the growing army of
part time cowboys.

  “He’s done so well he’s retired and is
now on his way, ag’in his better judgment,
to spend the winter with his daughter in
Los Angeles.

  “Lon’s camping along same as me, with
an outfit he’s got out of a mail order cata-
log, and he complains likewise about the
cold nights. So we team up and bunk
together.

  “It’s a one sided arrangement, there
not being much warmth in one of these
thin fellers, and that bend in his middle
taking up a lot of room in bed no matter
which way it’s pointed. But he’s been
mellowed by life’s trials and tribulations,
as the feller says, and he sure knows how
to visit. We hold the same views on
important subjects like horse liniment for
rheumatism, and sleeping in your under-
wear, and a chew of tobacco in bed before
gitting up in the morning, and time we’re
across the desert and down through Cali-
fornia, seems like we’ve knowed each
other for the last twenty years.

  “We exchange addresses our last night
together, and promise to look each other
up after we git settled, and say goodby
the next morning with many a parting
pang of genuine regret.

  “Well, I found Bobtail a changed and
almost ruined man. If I hadn’t arrived
at his place in an overhet condition from
trying to figger out red and green lights
and watch street signs and being spoke to
rough by other drivers and policemen, I
sure would have been took right off my
feet by the deterioration that’s took place
in Orville. It ain’t so much the things
124

HARRY G. HUSE

that are visible to the naked eye, though
they are plenty, like his being bald all
but a ring of red hair that looks like a
halo busted in half and pushed down
on to his ears, and a little pussy stomach
swelling out his vest, and wearing baggy
boy’s pants with fancy colored checkered
stockings. It’s other things, like a nerv-
ous way he’s got of fussing about trifles,
and a useless kind of a look in his eyes.

“WE AIN’T no more than
shook hands before he starts
worrying about gitting my
Ford in off the street and hid
away in his garage. You couldn’t blame
him much because the Ford was party
dusty, and I had most of the camping
outfit tied on it here and there and a
couple of fenders fastened up with baling
wire. Setting out there on the tidy con-
crete street in front of the widow’s big
house, alongside the green grass and the
palm trees, it does look considerable like
a feller in overalls at a high toned society
party. But I can remember the time
when Bobtail would have stepped up in
his red undershirt to shake hands with
the President of the United States, if
he’d have felt like it.

  “We ain’t no more than got the Ford
tucked away until he starts fidgeting
about my bath. I’d be dirty after my
ride, he says, and probably the first thing
I’d like to do would be to git under the
shower. It’ll refresh me, he says.

  “I ain’t worrying about a bath, and as
for refreshment, the ideas me and Bobtail
once held in common on that subject
hadn’t got nothing to do with water.
But it seemed like I had to take it to
please him, and I near drowned myself
when I lost my footing on the shiny white
floor and cast myself where I caught the
full force of the faucet.

  “We got around after all to a drink for
old time’s sake. But it took Bobtail a
half hour to make it. A man brought up
to tilt his head and dump in his liquor
before it got a chance to raise blisters on
his lips, would have been drunk and
sobered up ag’in by the time he’d poured

and measured and squeezed lemons and
oranges into a silver contraption and ;_>
shook it and poured out small sized sam-
ples in long stemmed glasses. Offering
such a mixture to a traveler that’d come
across a desert to git there seemed noth-
ing short of cruel, and I suggests to Bob-
tail that we go down to the nearest drug
store and git the boy to throw us together
a big wicked sarsapriller for the next one.

  “It ain’t until we’ve had a half dozen
samples out of that shaker, and it begins
to appear the clear stuff Bobtail poured
into it out of a bottle must of been some-
thing besides mineral water, that things
begin to seem natural and old time like.

  “Bobtail looks at me and I look at him,
and he smiles a kind of a sad smile and
waves the hand that ain’t holding his
drink around him in a hopeless, heart-
broke manner.

  “ ‘You see me as I have become,’ he
says. ‘Me that was once hell on horse-
back and poison to outlaw cayuses! Golf
pants and a clean shave every morning.
Oriental rugs on the floor,’ he says, still
gesturing, ‘and lace curtains at all the
windows. A bird in a gilded cage—none
the less sorrerful because it happens to
be a oldish he-bird. Here I am,’ he says.
‘Me that was once a man, plumb ruined,
nothing but a perfect lady’s home com-
panion!

  “ ‘Hell!’ I says, trying to make believe
what he’s said ain’t the horrid truth.
‘Hell!’ I says. ‘You old coyote! You
ain’t ruined. You may be a little pussy
and a little bald and your clothes and
manners ain’t no longer very vy-rile. But
there’s still some fire in your eye. You’re
still a long ways,’ I says, ‘from being
ruined.’

  “He shakes his head and we have an-
other drink.

  “ ‘You don’t know,’ he goes on, ‘the
sum total of my ruination. Here I spent
the last fifteen years gitting refined and
living up to the widow’s ideas of what a
man ought to be. She’s gentled me down
from what I was when I courted and won
her, to what you see me now—a man
that don’t cuss, don’t spit, drinks his
THE FOUR HORSEMEN

125

liquor out of a silver can and even wears
pajamas. By ways only a woman knows
she’s got me down, little by little, to where
I’m fussy as a old maid and tame as a
church and got no more vices than a
canary. Then what does she do ?’ he says.

  “I ain’t able to guess, the widow as I
remember her, being a woman that’s
equal to almost anything. So we have
another drink.

  “ ‘I’ll tell you what she does,’ says
Bobtail, waving the silver shaker which
is now empty. ‘Who says there’s any
reason in women? I’ll tell you what she
does, She turns ag’in me. She gits tired
of her own handiwork, and goes plumb
nutty about a big manly, noble acting
he-man moving pitcher actor!’

  “Before Bobtail can eloocidate any
further on his sorrow or I can offer him
my sympathy, the front door slams and
in comes the widow. She looks much the
same as I’d remembered, only she don’t
seem to have so rhuch boozom and her
hair is bobbed and she’s got on short
6kirts and these here stockings that look
like you ain’t wearing any. She’s jest
come from some feller with a fancy sound-
ing name that means he’s a corn doctor,
and she walks tender footed like a horse
that’s jest been brought in off the grass.
But she gives me a hearty welcome, and
says I’m like a breath of invigorating air
blowed in off the old range, and seems
real glad I’ve come to tone up Bobtail.
Stead of jumping on us for having con-
sorted with liquor, she mixes up a fresh
batch so’s she can h’ist one with us. It
comes as a surprise to me, ’cause I can
remember her having took the jug away
from us many’s the time back there to
Badger Butte, and shut us down in the
cyclone cellar. I set it down to stylish-
ness, and the more liberal attitude toward
liquor that come in with prohibition.

“THE WIDOW ain’t been in
the house a half hour before
we’re setting down to a big
meal of first class vittles. I
think it’s one of these triumphs of the
modern housewife in the modern kitchen

 that you’ll read about in the ladies’
 magazines, and make some gallant re-
 marks to the widow about her speed in
 setting out such toney chuck on such
 short notice. But it turns out she can’t
 take none of the credit except for hustling
 the stuff home while it was still hot from
 a delicatessen store around the corner.

   “All during the supper the widow, she’s
 telling us about the pitcher she’s been to
 see before she went to the corn doctor’s,
 and about the big masculine hero in it
 who lives right there in Hollywood and
 whose name is Desmond Carruthers.
 When she mentions his name and tells
 how strong and manly and vy-rile he is,
 Bobtail lets out a kind of hollow groan.
 But he sets there and takes it like a calf
 being branded.

   “After supper me and Bobtail kind of
 circulate around the premises while the
 widow’s stacking up the dishes for a girl
 to come in the next morning and do.
 This bungalow of the Gentrys’ has got a
 real nice front porch looking out on a
 little patch of green grass and palm trees
 and the houses across the street. I’m
 feeling full and comfortable, and desirous
 s^of fitting*, settled down with our feet up
 on the porch rail and gitting started on
 the visiting we got to do to take up the
 slack in fifteen years, and having Bobtail
 tell me all about the neighbors that are
 watering their lawns with garden hoses and
 setting on their porches and gitting in and
 out of cars that’s drawed up along thecurb.

   “But we ain’t got time for that now.
 They’re going to take me riding and show
 me some sights for a treat. I been riding
 for the last couple of weeks and looking
 at nothing but sights on both sides of a
 couple of mountain ranges. But there
 ain’t nothing to do but watch Bobtail
 herd his car out of the garage and wipe
 the spots of dust off it with a piece of
 chamois leather. It’s a new seedan and
 is bright and shiny and got little fancy
 curtains to the windows. Bobtail don’t
 talk to it nor cuss it none while he’s
 backing out, the way you’ll expect from
 a man that’s been brought up with horses.

   “Once we git off the street where the
126

HARRY G. HUSE

Gentrys live and out on a high toned
street called a boulevard, we’re in a string
of cars like a funeral procession. We
move along slow, breathing burnt gaso-
line, with the widow asking me to pay
attention to the swell homes of the mov-
ing pitcher actors we’re passing, and
pointing out with special pride the elegant
home of this here feller she’s already men-
tioned—this Desmond Carruthers. Bob-
tail, he’ll try to change the subject now
and then by pointing out civic improve-
ments and acting like he’s proud of the
way Hollywood is gitting bigger and
better. But he can’t hold up ag’in the
widow, who’s relating everything there is
to know about the movie stars, from all
the films they ever played in down to
their personal tastes in rouge, dogs, under-
wear and lovers.

  “Well, I don’t take no pleasure in that
evening, nor for that matter, in the three,
four weeks that followed. Bobtail, as I
say, was a changed and almost ruined
man. I have a hard time figgering it all
out. He’d let out such a yelp for com-
pany in that letter he wrote me that I
thought all along he was counting on me
bringing him the breath of the great
plains and jarring him out of his tiresome
tracks. He’d spoke up so free his own
self about what’s wrong with him that
time when we had our first drink to-
gether, that I got the idea he was all
ready to cut loose and stir up some new
excitement. But shucks! He’s so set in
his ways he don’t really want to change.
All he wants is company in his misery.

  “Take the matter of clothes. He points
out real tactful that the mail order suit I
arrived in ain’t hardly suitable for all
occasions, and leads me down to a place
called a toggery and tries to git me into a
pair of them little boy’s pants. He not
only don’t no longer carry and use chew-
ing tobacco, but kind of flinches every
time he sees me looking around for a place
to spit, which is purty often, cuspidors
not having had a place in the Gentry
home for a dozen years and the glass
vases in the seedan being intended for
flowers. He even tries to git me to lay

abed until seven or eight o’clock in the
mornings.

  “The hardest thing of all is the ever-
lasting sightseeing him and the widow
feel they got to do to keep me entertained.
The sights is all right, but everywhere we
go it gits on my nerves seeing so many
other people jest like us doing nothing in
such a fussy, important manner.

“WHEN we stay to home it
ain’t no better. Bobtail’s
plumb forgot how to visit.
Him and the widow have long
ago give up poker playing for this game
called bridge, and they don’t drink no
liquor only before meals. They’re so
took up with the system they got worked
out for killing time that it don’t seem
possible to squeeze in nothing else. The
widow, she keeps busy going to hair
dressers and the corn doctor’s and reading
moving pitcher magazines. Bobtail, he
tinkers with that seedan and keeps it
shined up and frets about its scratches,
and mows and waters his little patch of
lawn, and takes baths and changes his
clothes. Evenings, maybe, we’ll go to a
Christian Science lecture or to the t heatres
where we’ll see actors and actrcsses per-
form like people was never knowed to
perform in real life.

  “It ain’t until I’ve stood a month or so
of this and it’s past New Year’s and I got
used to being dressed up in store clothes
every day all day long and have see so
many sights they don’t no longer mean
nothing to me, that I rebel ag’in the life
we’re leading and feel called upon to talk
to Bobtail real serious and earnest.

  “Hell, I tell him. It’s a great state of
affairs when men like us that once knowed
how to stir up our own adventures have
come to the point where they got to take
their excitement from looking at new
tall buildings and watching steam shovels
work and reading in the newspapers about
divorce cases and murders and the love
affairs of a lady preacher.

  “From being a man, I tell him, he’s got
to the point where all he thinks about is
his insides and the things he owns, and
THE FOUR HORSEMEN

127

 danged if he ain’t gitting me to feeling
 the same way too. Even if it bothers
 him to git dust on his car and miss a bath
 and not water his lawn regular, he owes
 it to hisself to keep his hand in here and
 there and be able to take some pride in
 his own deeds, instead of them of archi-
 tects and street contractors. Lurking
 v around amongst the department stores
 and bungalows and delicatessens and
 churches and moving pitcher palaces,
 therle must still be some chance in these
 parts for fellers that’s proved theirselves
 equal, in times past, to holding their own
 in life’s rough and tumble. My camping
 pardner, Lon, I suggests, is likely a man
 that’s ready for most anything, after hav-
 ing spent several weeks with his daughter.
 Why don’t we look him up which I been
 intending to do all along, and see if there
 ain’t some man size’ entertainment the
 three of us can stir up together.

   “Bobtail seems enthusiastic about it
 for a few minutes, and something like his
 old fire comes back. Danged if I ain’t
 right, he says, and danged if he ain’t
 ready for anything. He sneaks a bottle
 of that pale colored liquor out of the side-
 board, and we git in the car and start for
 the address Lon gave me. It’s over in
 another part of town, but the streets look
 jest like all the others—all neat and clean
 and nice tidy houses.

   “We find Lon out on the front porch
 with his feet set rebellious on the railing,
 trying to kill the bugs on a fancy rose-
 bush by shooting tobacco juice at them.
 There’s a desperate look in his eye, and
 from the stains on the porch rail he must
 have spent most of the time since I last
 saw him at the same occupation.

   “His eyes light up when I tell him
 we’re setting out for an old time taste of
 excitement and adventure, with the sky
 the limit. But the spark dies out right
 away. We won’t find it, he says. He’s
 tried already, he says, and the only real
 excitement he’s had all the time he’s
 been here was to fall down with a tray of
 dishes in a cafeteria. He didn’t even git
 no kick, he says, out of the Idaho State
 picnic. There wasn’t no broncho busting

and there wasn’t no faro layout nor no
liquor. All the people done was eat like
horses and then set around the rest of the
afternoon and talk about how hard they
used to work before they retired and come
here, and how they earned the right to
this pleasant, easy life, and then started
complaining about the things that ailed
them.

  “Still and all, Lon’s willing to go in the
house and git his hat and come along
with us. We sneak around into his
daughter’s garage and all have a pull out
of Bobtail’s bottle. Taken in its natural
state like that, without no cracked ice or
fruit juices, it’s got some body to it and
we all feel better after tilting two three
good swallers into our systems. The
horizon seems to be gitting wider and the
distances mysterious, the way they used
to back in Montana when Bobtail and
me was young fellers in off the range with
three months’ pay in our pockets.

“I’M FEELING real good
when we come out of that
garage and start for the street.
But that shiny seedan with
them fancy curtains at the windows and a
bunch of cloth flowers in the vase inside
and a green vizor over the windshield like
barbers wear—only bigger to keep the
sun out of your eyes—and them tidy
houses and lawns and smooth concrete
streets don’t let it last long.

  “Well, we started cruising around look-
ing for something exciting to do, and the
only thing that happens all morning is
that we git cussed out by a woman that
scraped our fender and that we took to
be a lady until she opened her mouth.
Noon finds us waiting on ourselves in a
cafeteria, with the liquor gone and all
three of us sober.

  “After dinner we start out ag’in hope-
ful. We go by a vacant lot where there’s
been a big tabernacle built and some
revivalist is holding services. There’s
shouting and singing coming out of the
building. It sounds livelier than any-
thing we’ve saw so far, so we git down
and go in.
128

HARRY G. HUSE ,

  “The revivalist is preaching about sin,
and to hear him tell it the town is full of
it. We’re living, he claims, in a dissolute
age, with wine, women and song rampant,
and the Devil laying in wait jest around
the corner. It cheers us up considerable
to hear him, and we put a dollar in the
collection plate when it’s passed, and
start out ag’in more hopeful.

  “Lon and me are for having Bobtail
hunt up the bootlegger where he gits that
liquor of his. But Bobtail don’t know his
address, because the feller just comes to
the house regular like the milkman and
takes orders, and then comes back and
delivers.

  “The preacher’s reference to the parts
of town where the pleasures of the flesh
he’s referred to are the most rampant,
have been kind of vague and general and
we don’t have no luck locating them.
We remember he’s talked considerable
about the actors and actresses being dis-
solute and has hinted at high jinks around
the movie lots. So after a while we circu-
late out in that direction. There ain’t
nothing exciting that we can see. Maybe
something is going on inside the fences,
but we don’t git no further than a little
house by a gate with a sour faced feller in
it keeping folks from going inside unless
they got some business.

  “We’re all set to come away when Lon
happens to read something that’s wrote in
chalk on a big blackboard they got there
by the gate. It’s a list of what they call
extras, that they’re needing for some of
their pitchers, and down among them
there’s a note that they’re going to want
a lot of fellers that are able to ride horse-
back. They ’specially want about a
dozen middle aged or oldish fellers that
are willing to grow whiskers.

  “Well, all three of us can ride horse-
back. That is, we once could ride a horse
or a steer or any critter that was haired
over. We’re middle aged to oldish all
right, and can raise whiskers if we try.
Fact, Lon’s already got the beginning of
his, it being near the end of the week and
him one of these fellers that objects to
shaving any other time except Sunday.

Before we know it, we’ve got by that
feller in the little house and are marching
inside the gate to a second feller, that
looks us over and sizes us up like this was
a county fair and we was fat beef stock.
Seems like he’s satisfied with us, though
his face don’t show it, and we’re engaged
to come back in three weeks for our first
taste of being movie actors.

  “We’re to leave town, the feller says.
The pitcher’s to be took out in the coun-
try where there’s plenty of natural
scenery. We’re to bring our nightshirts,
if any, and a change of socks, and sleep in
tents while practising and gitting the
pitcher shot.

  “On the way home, Bobtail starts
worrying about being able to git away for
that long. He ain’t stayed out so much
as a night for so long he’s all out of the
habit. The widow, he says, is scared to
stay alone. Every day you read about
the burglaries in the papers. I can re-
member the time when the widow run a
drunk halfbreed that was waving a knife
right off her place with no other weapon
but a butter paddle. Lon and me are
lucky, Bobtail says. Me, not having any
women folks to git weak and timid on
me, and Lon’s daughter having a husband
to look after her.

  “Bobtail shakes his head real doleful
all the way home, and it’s plain to be seen
he’s kind of expecting and hoping the
widow’ll set her foot down hard on the
idea of his going out in the hills and riding
a horse around amongst the sagebrush.

  “But he’s misjudged the widow. She’s
been reading in the movie magazines
about this pitcher that’s going to be took,
and already knows something about it.
It ain’t jest a Western cowboy pitcher
like we thought, on account of their want-
ing horsemen. It’s to be a big A-rab
pitcher of the desert and strong men with
Oriental ideas about their women, and
fighting and love making and races across
the hot desert sands, and it’s to be called
‘The Passion Flower’. The star in it is
to be this Desmond Carruthers that the
widow’s so crazy about, and the heroine
is Vivienne LaMonte.
THE FOUR HORSEMEN

129

  “The widow’s all excited and proud
about our having been took* for the
pitcher, and gitting a chance to associate
with a big star. Bobtail’s lost what little
enthusiasm he had when he hears about
this Carruthers, and he’s more than ever
for backing out on the job. But the
widow won’t listen to it. She’s already
planning on coming out to visit us while
the pitcher is being took.

  “We jest sit around the next three
weeks killing time and reading up in the
moving pitcher magazines about our
fellow actors. Lon’ll come over ’most
every day to git away from his daughter,
who ain’t sympathetic about his project
like the widow, and objects steady to his
starting out to grow a face crop of hair
at his time of life.

“WE ALREADY know from
the widow that this Desmond
Carruthers is a big, handsome,
manly man that’s jest full of
cool heroism and vy-rility and personal
charm. It’s claimed that in this new
pitcher he’ll rise to heights of nobility
even greater than any he’s ever reached
before. A lot of the stuff we read is about
the heroine. From her pitchers she’s a
humdinger, and the write-ups all claim
she’s jest a sweet, old fashioned girl that’s
been left simple and unspoiled by the
popularity that has made her one of the
foremost stars. She’s got a innocent,
happy outlook on life and her one big
ambition is to become even bigger and
better for her public, and to make a com-
fortable home for her dear old mother
and a pure bred Roosian wolfhound
that’s always with her in her photographs.

  “Here and there we find some reference
to her first and second husbands, neither
one of who is now current. It seems like
quite a few helpmates for a simple, old
fashioned girl that’s only going on twenty-
four. But Bobtail argues that having a
disposition like it says, and being loving
and trusting, they probably took advan-
tage of her and she got rid of them and
went back to being simple and old fash-
ioned as soon as she was able. The widow

don’t put much faith in what the maga-
zines say about the girl, but she believes
every word about Desmond Carruthers.

  “Well, the morning comes around when
we’re to report at the studio. The widow
takes us all down and leaves us at the
gate with much regret. Inside, they’re
gathering people up and loading them in
busses. They’re a funny looking crowd
of folks—about fifty other assorted fellers
and a bunch of girls and women. The big
actors ain’t to be seen. They don’t herd
with the common run of folks, but will
come out later when the pitcher’s ready
to be took.

  “It ain’t until we’re settled in the
busses that I git a chance to size up the
others. Lon and Bobtail are sharing a
seat together, and alongside me’s a big
young feller that must scale six foot two
when he’s standing up, and is wearing
elegant clothes, and has got blue eyes set
wide apart and one of these big sober
honest faces.

  “Him and me set right to work gitting
acquainted. His name’s Horace Ebbets,
and he was born in the Pendleton coun-
try where his father was a big old time
cattleman. The old man give up cattle
when Horace was a boy, and moved up
into the Palouse country where he got to
be a big wheat rancher. Horace jest
stayed around home and helped his father,
who was old fashioned and didn’t believe
in too much education.

  “The old man kept Horace in close and
worked him hard, and Horace ain’t never
been around much or been able to do
nothing but help run the big ranch. Here
a year back the old man died and Horace,
that ain’t never had no spending money
but what little the old man dealt out to
him, finds himself the owner of land worth
two, three hunderd thousand dollars with
a good steady income that makes him feel
like a millionaire. He come down to Cali-
fornia for the winter, and while he was
loafing around killing time he come on
this chance to see something of the inside
of moving pitchers, and took it.

  ’‘That’s about all I git out of him at the
first setting. I make Horace acquainted
130

HARRY G. HUSE

with Lon and Bobtail, and the four of us
team up together. Horace fits in fine,
being one of these slow thinking, honest,
good hearted fellers that’s short on humor
but steady as a team of workhorses.

  “The place where they dump us out
after a long ride is a big sandy desert.
The sand’s all bare and blowed into hills
like big snow drifts. There’s a bunch of
palm trees stuck up in one place to look
like an oasis, and off in another place a
big structure that looks like the front
side of a fort. A feller in Army pants and
riding boots starts yelling at us through
a megaphone the minute we set foot on
the ground. We could have heard him if
he’d whispered, but he’s so used to talking
into the thing out of the corner of his
mouth I guess he’d have been dumb
without it.

  “He’s telling us what’s expected of us.
Part of us including me and Lon and
Horace and Bobtail are supposed to be
A-rabs. The others is French soldiers.
The horses are picketed to a long cable
stretched between posts. There’s also
some donkeys and a half dozen camels.
Bobtail, who’s been worrying about what
kind of beds we’re going to have to sleep
on, cheers up right away when he sees the
horses. Seems like he’s a new man when
he gits among them cayuses and works
down along the line, looking over their
points and coming across some old, well
knowed brands. The four of us pick us
out the best of the lot and start looking
around for saddles. But at this point,
the feller with the megaphone takes a
hand.

  “He looks us over sharper even than
the feller that hired us, and right away he
picks Lon out and sizes him up alongside
one of the camels. He seems real happy
to see how Lon and the brute kind of go
together, and picks him out on the spot
to ride that ship of the desert. Lon puts
up a big holler. He ain’t never rode one
of the critters, he says, and they smell
bad and are apt to bring back his hay
fever, and anyway he’s got a big general
objection to them, having once been a
bartender. But the feller with the mega-

phone gits around him by making him
think anybody can ride a horse, but it
takes a extra good man to ride a camel.

“ALL THIS time Bobtail’s
been fidgeting around a big,
high withered roan with a wall
eye and a lot of spirit. I can
see the little feller’s shucked off fifteen
years and is jest itching to fork that
cayuse and rake him a little and see what
he’s got in him. But the feller with the
megaphone’s got other ideas. He sizes up
Bobtail ’most as close as he done Lon,
and danged if he don’t pick him out to
be a old patriarch, a-riding one of the
donkeys. Horace, he gits the roan and I
draw a hammer headed sorrel.

  “Maybe you seen this picture—‘The
Passion Flower’—and know the story.
It’s high toned, and full of action and ele-
gant sentiments. It starts with a tribe of
A-rabs ruled by a big mysterious chief
that’s come from God knows where, and
climbed up to be boss by force of char-
acter. During its spare time this tribe
is fighting the French.

* “One day the chief kidnaps a high class
white girl that’s been visiting friends in
one of the French forts, and got restless
and wandered out in the desert to pick
passion flowers that she’d heard growed
in a certain oasis. She finds the flowers
all right, but before she can pick them
the big chief comes along and jerks her
up on the horse behind him, and carries
her off to another oasis where the tribe
is camped.

  “He’s going to treat her jest like any
other good looking woman he found out
loose in the desert hunting passion flowers.
Down underneath it’s kind of hinted she
hopes he will. But when he gits her back
to his tent among the oriental rugs and
soft pillows, this girlish innocence and
purity she’s noted for makes him hold up.
It stirs up a lot of forgotten things in him
that makes him think bitterly of his
present life, and look back to the time
when he was worthy to face so much
maidenly purity.

  “Even though he is passing for an
THE FOUR HORSEMEN

131

A-rab chief he’s really a white man down
underneath his A-rab clothes and his sun-
burn—a French soldier of high birth that
deserted from the army and turned ag’in
his country. Personally, it seems to me
that a purty woman that’s been hunting
passion flowers is ’most as safe in the
hands of an A-rab as she is in the hands
of a Frenchman, or any other kind of ex-
soldier. But it ain’t that way in the film.

  “There’s what starts out to be a big
love scene but ends up by his throwing
the girl back down on the couch in a
panting heap, and rushing out of the tent
to gallop all night over the desert biting
his nails and clenching his fists and other-
wise going through the agonies of a man
that’s trying to git back his lost soul.

  “This experience with the girl raises
the devil with the chief. It’s been pre-
viously planned how the tribe is going to
sweep down on the fort next morning and
wipe the French off the map with a sur-
prise attack. But overnight the chief
finds out he is a Frenchman and a white
man and a gentleman after all. There’s
a scene back at his tent jest before dawn,
with all the hot lust he’s felt the night
before turned into a great, self-sacrificing
love. He tells the girl he’s white as she is,
and feels called upon to expose his chest
and thump it for her to see.

  “This sets her panting ag’in, but she
holds herself in. Something noble is
growing up in her too. The French garri-
son must be saved. The only thing to
do is for her to take his swiftest A-rab
stallion and ride back to the fort with
news of the attack while he delays the
tribesmen as much as he can. There’s
strong feelings here. She’s riding out of
his life jest when their great love has
dawned, going back to her kind while he
.must remain the self-sacrificing renegade.

  “It looks tough for the two of them
right here. And the breaks keep going
ag’in them right up almost to the end of
the pitcher. The heroine’s horse falls
and busts a leg. She keeps going on foot.
The attacking party with the big chief
at the head comes up in sight of her when
•she’s ’most to the fort. The chief thinks

all is lost and spurs ahead. He grabs up
the girl and heads for the fort, shooting
back at the rest of the A-rabs that’s in
pursuit. Their horse is shot and they
stand off the others from behind it until
the French can come out from the fort
and take a hand and run the A-rabs off.
There’s a happy ending with the hero
gitting the girl and a pardon from the
French for being so noble.

  “That’s the story. Part of it’s been
already took in the studio back in Holly-
wood, and the rest is what we start re-
hearsing. First off we’re a caravan going
peaceful over the desert. Then we’re
lounging around the oasis, and after that
we stage a big fight with shooting and wild
riding. We go over and over it and git
all messed up, and what with the hot
sun and sand and our not having rode
much lately, Horace and me’re ready to
call it a day when it gits six o’clock and
the feller with the megaphone is through
yelling at us.

“AFTER supper me and Hor-
ace go for a little walk to take
the stiffness out of our legs.
It’s gitting dark and the desert’s
cool and quiet, and after awhile Horace
opens up like a boy that’s in trouble and
tells me some more about himself.

  “Seems like he ain’t never had much
to do with girls nor none of the other
pleasures of life. He’s worked hard like
he was a hired hand, and ain’t had no
chance to circulate around and git ac-
quainted with people. About his only
recreation was slipping into the moving
pitchers now and ag’in when he was in
town on business for his old man.

  “During one of these debauches he’s
seen this heroine, this Vivienne LaMonte,
in a film called ‘All For Love,’ and has
right away fell in love with her. He’s
gone plumb nutty and dreamed about her
nights and read everything he could find
out about her.

  “Naturally his feelings toward the lady
are kind of general and hazy, like a man
feels towards the queens he’ll read about
in history. But when the old man dies,
132

HARRY G. HUSE

Horace suddenly realizes he’s free, and
got property and a steady income, and all
the bars that held him in are down. He’s
like a boy let out of school.

  “There ain’t nothing to hold him back
now from following up his great love and
coming down to Hollywood and gitting
himself swell clothes and moving in high
toned circles and actually meeting the
lady of his dreams.

  “So after the fall work’s finished he’s
left things in charge of a foreman, and
drawed himself plenty of money, and
come to Hollywood and put up at one of
the swell hotels. It’s a couple of weeks
before he’s outfitted and barbered and
cultured up enough to be willing to make
a start at meeting the object of his adora-
tion. First off he writes her letters that
he makes up with the help of a book he’s
bought on the subject. But they don’t
git no answer. He supposes she’s both-
ered to death with fellers writing her
letters, and ain’t got no way to tell which
ones is sincere and which is rascals.

  “He takes to hanging around her house
hoping that something will happen that
he can take advantage of and accidentally
meet her. But he only gits glimpses of
her passing in or out of her car.

  “He has other ideas like gitting a job
as her chauffeur and suddenly revealing
himself as her admirer after she has
learned to trust him. He even considers
the plan of gitting a job cutting the grass
on her lawn or being her butler, but this
don’t come to nothing. Finally he gits to
hanging around the studio, and he sees
this notice of horsemen wanted for the
big pitcher she’s going to star in. That’s
his big chance to meet her out of doors in
the environment he’s used to, and so
here he is.

  “Well, we spend the next day jest doing
some more practising. Vivienne LaMonte
nor Desmond Carruthers nor none of the
real actors are in sight. We go over the
same riding and fighting and shooting,
with the feller yelling at us through the
megaphone and all us riders that was once
horsemen, but have got kind of out of
condition, gitting stiffer and crosser and

more saddle-galled. Bobtail ain’t taking
no physical punishment, being a patriarch
and not supposed to move around much.
But he’s suffering plenty in the spirit,
having to sit around on that long eared
steed of his and watch the rest of us ride
and thinking how he’s going to look in
the eyes of the widow, straddling that
donkey while her big hero, Desmond
Carruthers, cavorts around on the pure
bred Arabian horse they got for him.

  “I’m having frequent recourse to my
bottle of Spavin Cure, and even Horace,
who’s been in better condition, is a little
stiff in the joints from staying on that
big roan. Lon, he’s worse off than any.
That camel of his has got a gait that
ain’t like no other living critter, and it’s
hard to git used to. Lon don’t have no
trouble staying on. The feller that owns
and looks after the camels has told him
how to avoid the shocks by keeping his
body loose and letting it sway with the
motion of the critter. Lon leaves them
lanky, two, three yards of his so loose
his head looks like a corn tassel in a high
wind. It eases up the strain on his back-
bone but it makes him seasick, and he’s*
gitting gaunted up from not being able to
hold no food on his stomach.

  “It’s while we been doing all the prac-
tising that we first notice one of the girls
that’s among the extras. They got about
a dozen women supposed to be setting
around the oasis. Most of them is purty
silly acting and stage struck. They’re
always gitting theirselves into attitudes,
and doing things to attract the attention
of the feller with the megaphone. But
this girl, she’s sensible and good looking
and quiet. She’s purtier in her own right
than the other ones that’s got theirselves
all tricked up, some with wavy tresses
that hang down on their shoulders, and
some with their hair made into little spit
curls on their foreheads, and some with
sweet winning expressions and others with
haughty dignity.

  “Among all these posing females, this
girl stands out like a sore thumb and the
second evening, me and Bobtail and Lon,
we git acquainted with her. We're setting
THE FOUR HORSEMEN

133

in front of our tent when she passes by
and hears us talking about Lon’s boy-
hood home—the Snake River country.
She stops and smiles at us like we was old
friends and asks if she can sit down and
visit with us.

“SEEMS like she’s from up in
that part of the country herself
and she’s lonesome to hear
about it. Her father’s been a
storekeeper in one of the small Idaho
towns. His health failed after her mother
died and she’s brought him down to Cali-
fornia. I gather they ain’t any too well
off, and between times of taking care of
her old man she looks up anything she
can to earn a little extra money.

  “She ain’t never had nothing to do with
the moving pitchers before, and ain’t got
no silly notions about them. She’s jest
come out here to earn a few extra dollars.
She’s used to ranch life and has been
around outdoor men a lot and knows how
to git along with them. We have a real
pleasant visit. I’m wishing Horace might
be with us too. It’d do him good to see
and talk to a real girl. But he’s in the
eating tent sweating over a letter he’s
hoping to be able to slip to Vivienne
LaMonte when she shows up the next
day, and he don’t git back in time to be
interduced to this girl whose name is
plain Smith, Alice Smith, both of them
spelled with an ‘i’ the way they was
intended. She’s the kind of a girl that’d
have kept me from being a bachelor if
I’d have met her at Horace’s age. But
he’s so full of this Vivienne LaMonte that
even if he had met Alice she might jest
as well have been bowlegged like Bobtail,
or lean and hungry and bent in the middle
like good old Lon, or haired over with
brindle whiskers like yours truly.

  “Well, the actors come the next morn-
ing. Horace, he’s found out when they’re
going to git here and he’s right in the
middle of the crowd of stage struck girls
that’s giggling and watching Desmond
Carruthers git down out of his car.
Vivienne’s in the seat beside him, laying
back languid ag’in the cushions, paying

no attention to common folks. She acts
more like she was Cleopatra than the
simple, sweet little girl that’s making her
life work the care of her dear old mother
and the Roosian wolfhound. But Horace
is so excited jest seeing her close that way
that I guess he don’t pay no notice.

  “I don’t git more than a glimpse of her
because I been busy gitting into my
A-rab costume. But I hear her a plenty
five, ten minutes later. Her and Des-
mond Carruthers have gone into the tent
of the feller with the megaphone, and the
choicest line of cuss words I ever listen
to in my life is coming out through the
canvas. Vivienne’s damning the di-
rector’s eyes and everything else she can
think of because he’s drug her out here
today when she had an appointment with
her hairdresser. From the conversation
it seems like her and Carruthers are en-
gaged, and when he puts in an oar she
cuts loose and damns him too.

  “I run to git Lon and Bobtail, not
being willing for them to miss a elegant
treat the like of which I ain’t never heard
even in the palmiest days of the roundup.
I’m going to git Horace too, and git some
of them fool worshiping ideas of his out
of his head. But he’s killed so much
time standing there waiting for Vivienne
and watching her git down out of the car
that he ain’t dressed yet, and he’s all in a
sweat gitting into his baggy A-rab pants
and smearing on his sunburned com-
plexion.

  “Before we’re ready to start with the
pitcher there’s a complication comes up.
Vivienne, it seems, won’t go near a horse,
let alone ride one. They’ve brought out
a girl that looks some like her to do the
riding. But this girl’s been took sick on
the way out, and now she ain’t able to
hold up her head.

  “The director feller, he’s had his eye
on this friend of ours, this Alice Smith I
mentioned. She can ride like she was
born in a saddle, and though she don’t
look none like Vivienne in the face, she’s
got the same figger and the same color
hair. The director fixes it up with her
to do Vivienne’s riding. Vivienne’s ag’in
134

HARRY G. HUSE

it. She claims no common extra girl that
don’t know nothing about how her tem-
perament reacts to emotions can double
for her, even in the riding and kidnaping
parts where there ain’t no need to show
her face. There’s the beginning of an-
other cussing match, and Vivienne’d had
her way and gone back to town if Car-
ruthers, who’s been eying Alice, hadn’t
sided with the director and helped to
smooth her down. Carruthers, he’s been
taking riding lessons in a park back in
Hollywood and don’t need no double, the
kind of clothes he wears in the pitcher
being long and flowing and hiding the
half foot of blue sky and white desert
you’d ordinarily see between him and the
saddle every time the horse sets down a
couple of feet.

   “Well, after a lot of false starts we git
under way. Horace, he’s missed all the
fussing. When he conies out of the dress-
ing tent everything’s been fixed up and
he don’t know nothing about the arrange-
ment of somebody else doing Vivienne’s
•riding. We go at the thing hindside fore-
most and first we stage the stand-off in
front of the fort. Everything goes along
purty well except for Lon gitting seasick
on his camel right in front of the camera
and that part having to be took over
again. Horace and me ’most rides our-
selves to death and when we git through
that part, Horace’s lost his turban and
got his head all full of sand and I got a
hole in my pants where a French soldier’s
shot me with a blank. Bobtail, he’s jest
been patriarching around on his donkey
amongst the women and girls and ain’t
had no hand in the fight.

“WE BEEN expecting the
widow to show up almost any
time like she threatened, but
we worry along through two,
three other parts and she ain’t nowhere
to be seen.

  “We git around finally to the scene
where the chief first captures the heroine.
Lon and me, we’re riding guard at the far
side of the oasis. Horace, he’s one of the
A-rabs lounging in front of the tent.

Bobtail, he’s setting his donkey in among
the girls and women. The big hero,
Carruthers, and Alice Smith, are standing
alone a little ways off alongside his horse
waiting for the camera to come and take
the pitcher of the abduction. Poor old
Horace is all eyes for Alice Smith, who he
thinks at that distance is Vivienne La-
Monte. I can see him fumbling with the
letter he’s got wrote to give her.

  “There’s a hitch somewheres. While
we’re waiting I see the noble feller, Car-
ruthers, commencing to git fresh with
Alice. He’s so used to women falling for
•him I guess he thinks Alice has fell too.
He’s kind of pawing at her in a sneaking
way. She’s disgusted and pulling away
from him. He keeps it up and Lon and
me, we’re gitting restless when we see
Alice slap him. He goes plumb mad at
that and grabs her. Lon lets out a
whoop and larrups his camel. I throw
the spurs into my cayuse. But while
we’re gitting under way we hear a roar
like a bull and see Horace charging.
Right behind him, lickety split, with the
sand flying, comes Bobtail on his little
donkey. He’s been a-smoldering and
a-smoldering there all day and has finally
took fire.

  “Carruthers hears all the ruckus coming
and lets go Alice. He swings round with
the scared, nasty look of the natural bom
coward on his face. He’s got a revolver
but there ain’t nothing but blanks in it.
But he’s wearing a long curved scabbard
at his belt that holds a real sword. He
takes one look at all us A-rabs thundering
down on him and pulls out the sword and
swings it awkward up- into the air like a
boy that’s playing soldier with a stick.
Horace don’t even appear to see it. He
jest charges right under it and before
Carruthers can do more’n take a nick
out of his ear, Horace lays the big chief
out flatter’n if he’d been kicked by a mule.

  “There wouldn’t have been nothing for
Lon and Bobtail and me to do ’cept lift
up the fallen hero if it hadn’t been for
Vivienne LaMonte. She’s seen the fracas
from back in the director’s tent and here
she comes like a spitting wildcat to take a
THE FOUR HORSEMEN

135

hand. Horace is standing there batting
his eyes at Alice and trying to figger out
how she comes to look so different, when
the sweet simple Vivienne who he’s
thought he was rescuing, sails into him
from behind. She fetches him a claw
down the side of the face that leaves four
red tracks, in the meantime blistering
him with the worst language I ever heard.
There’s gitting to be a lot of confusion as
folks have started running up. Over my
•shoulder I see the man with the mega-
phone coming and behind him a shiny
seedan with its front wheels wobbling in
the sand.

  “Carruthers has got to his feet by now.
With so many folks around him I guess he
feels like he ought to be brave. Vivienne’s
keeping Horace good and busy, so Car-
ruthers picks on the smallest feller he can
find, which is Bobtail. Ag’in he makes a
big mistake. Bobtail lets out a old joyous
whoop I ain’t heard in fifteen years and
jest swarms all over the big hero. He’s
got the noble feller down and is kind of
marching back and forth on him when
Vivienne quits Horace sudden and takes a
hand. She makes a pass with them claws
of hers, and Bobtail’s bald head suffers.
She’s starting a second pass when a
capable figger steps out of the crowd.
It’s the widow, that’s got there too late
for the pitcher, but in time to see her
husband clean up on her moving pitcher
idol, and now being raked by Vivienne
LaMonte. Before we know what’s up,
the widow’s grabbed the heroine and is
setting down strong and determined in
the sand, with Vivienne bent handy and
receptive across her lap.

  “Well, that simple sweet old fashioned
spanking the widow delivers busts up the
fracas. Desmond and Vivienne are
bruised and temperamental wrecks. The
director, who don’t seem as much put out
as you might expect, ships them off home
in their automobile. Being an ingenious

feller, he makes up Horace as Carruthers
and takes the big kidnaping scene, with
him snatching up Alice and galloping off
on his horse with her behind him. They
look real elegant together.

  “Lon and me, we ride back lonesome in
the bus that night. The widow and Bob-
tail, they take Horace and Alice Smith.
They make out there’s plenty of room for
us too. But what with Horace all excited
to find out Alice squares up jest about
perfect with the pitcher of Vivienne
LaMonte he’s had in his mind, and the
widow commencing to look ag’in at Bob-
tail with the admiration she used to feel
when he was performing back on the
range, it ain’t the proper atmosphere for
a couple of old coyotes that’s put the
thoughts of domestic joys behind them
and are jest kind of killing time until
they can git back to open country where
they belong.”

  The old homesteader paused to sigh
profoundly.

  “Lon and me,” he resumed, “had a nice
time camping together on our way home
soon as it come spring. He wasn’t overly
choice as a bedfellow, as I already ex-
plained. But he liked to visit. We had
Horace and Alice’s wedding to talk over,
and Bobtail’s smashing up the shiny
seedan ag’in a telephone post, and fight-
ing a policeman, and busting up a Chris-
tian Science meeting, and gitting throwed
out of the first performance of ‘The Pas-
sion Flower’ for horse laughing at all the
noble parts, and finally gitting so free
spirited Lon and me didn’t no longer dast
go out with him, and the widow deciding
they’d better move up on a wheat
ranch alongside Horace and Alice in the
Palouse.”

  He sighed again, and tilting forward in
his chair, fumbled for fine-cut.

  “Largely, as I said in the beginning,”
he said, “a wasted winter. Or at any
rate, almost wasted.”
  cyL Story of Morocco by george e. holt

Al Lateef the Clever One

the mourners, came the son for whom he
had let his heart be cut in twain. But
though the one heart was painless now,
the other throbbed with agony; the fatal
knife now twisted its bitter edge in the
son’s own bosom.

  “La illaha ilia allah,” chanted Al
Lateef. There is no God but Allah; and
in the name of this only god would he
punish his father’s murderers. Two must
pay the price of that knife thrust in the
dark—in the darkness where the elder
man had waited to warn his son against
the very fate that had come upon him-
self. The blow struck, they had gone
happily away, certain of the identity of
their victim, for had not they themselves
lured him there? Sooner or later, both
must pay.

136

jL L LATEEF, the Clever One, chant-
/ % ing “La illaha ilia Allah,”
J % walked with heavy feet and
-*■ bowed head behind the board
upon which lay his father, his heart
gashed open.

  “La illaha ilia allah,” chanted the
mourners ahead of the bier. “La illaha
ilia allah,” chanted those behind, like a
prolonged echo.

  “There is no God but Allah,” they pro-
claimed to the dead and to the living.
The living answered likewise; the dead
was silent with secret wisdom.

  Upon the rough wooden bier, carried on
the robed shoulders of four men, the
father of Sid Hassan Sanhajji, the Clever
One, rode to burial as an ancient baron
upon his shield. Behind him, last among
AL LATEEF THE CLEVER ONE

137

  “La illaha.” There was no God but
Allah—but that which Allah permitted
was sometimes bitter on the soul’s lips.
To find him lying there—price of his son’s
safety. Aiwa, they should pay for every
drop of that brave blood which had
flowed gladly that a son might live.

  Chanting, he marched on. Detection?
A1 Lateef was unafraid. No one would
look for his face beneath the grime of the
charcoal seller shuffling along at the rear
of the mourners—as though a hired chan-
ter. He had had time to disguise himself
very well indeed. Rheumy eyelids in a
carbon smudged face; ashy hair instead
of the glossy black; a nose distorted by a
wad thrust up one nostril. But there was
yet a better reason to be unafraid; all
Tangier knew that A1 Lateef, the Clever
One, had been outwitted at last, had met
summary death—and that this was his
funeral. And so all Tangier watched it go
by, a few with satisfaction, but most with
regret for Sidi Hassan Sanhajji, the
Clever One.

  No more than three people knew that
he who rode the wood was indeed San-
hajji, but Sanhajji the father, not the son.
And those two who had done the vicious
deed rejoiced in their ignorance that
Vengeance in a ragged brown robe
walked behind the bier, avowing that
there was no God but Allah.

  Not only rejoiced—watched that very
Vengeance stride past before the noses of
their horses, as they sat saddle in the
great sok. Their handiwork, and it was
orange water in their nostrils.

  Two striking figures, these assassins;
elegantly portly figures, swathed in the
dignity of cream tinted k’sa’s, their horses
decked with embroidered saddles and
head gear. His Excellency, the Khalifa
of Tetwan; Kaid Wazzani, aide to the
vizier of war. Two notables, from whom
the crowded democracy of the market-
place kept respectful distance. A1 Lateef
observed them briefly from beneath the
hood of his wretched djellaba: truly those
who supposed they strode in broad paths
of safety actually walked that narrow
bridge which spans the flames of hell. To-

morrow . . . The next day . . . Father
Sanhajji’s heart would be healed with the
balm of vengeance. La illaha ilia la . . .

  The city gate was passed, the burying
ground reached, the child returned to its
mother, Earth. And then A1 Lateef
turned from the grave and strode swiftly
away towards those events which, in the
name of Allah the Just, he had vowed
should come to pass.

WEAKNESS against strength;
cunning against power; mind
against force. For A1 Lateef
was a hunted man, a price upon
his dark head. Not for a crime that he
had done but, as he now perceived, for a
crime he had not done. When he had
risen to power he should have turned
upon his foes and slain them, thus se-
curing safety for himself. But he had
aided them, let them live and plot and at
last overthrow him. Yes, his crime was
one of omission: a dead enemy makes
three friends. And having overthrown
him, deprived him of office, of home, of a
safe stone whereon to lay his head, they
now hunted him, had hunted him, as one
hunts the wild boar in the green mesas
back of Tetwan. The bitter thought
came to him that had he not committed
the crime of omission, the hands that had
struck down his father might have been
impotent for harm. Too late for that.
But not too late to mete out punishment.

  Nor was vengeance the only motive
which now impelled A1 Lateef. True, in
comparison, it was infinitely weaker.
Yet it added, if that were possible, to the
deadly rage which made his heart throb
as though he had been running. He must
deal out that justice upon which revenge
is based, but he must also regain his own
—property which had been stolen from
him by his father’s murderer. And that
property was a woman.

  A1 Lateef’s secondary motive must in
no wise be confused with that milk-and-
water abstraction of the Occident—love.
A "woman had been stolen from him, but
he had no thought, as the West would
have, for her personal safety, her own
138

GEORGE E. HOLT

emotions, either of fear or grief or pain:
she was only a woman. Nevertheless,
she was A1 Lateef’s property, and al-
though he would not have gone across the
street because of an impulse of affection for
any female, he would walk through flames
to regain that which had been stolen from
him. Besides, he had never seen her.

  A1 Lateef did not fail to perceive that
the death of his father had been one of the
results of a plot, of which another result
had been intended.

  Marnia she was called; daughter of old
Sid Abdeslam of Tangier, to whom A1
Lateef had paid the purchase money just
before he had been forced to fly for his
life. The bargain had been closed, prop-
erty purchased. The fact that his flight
had prevented the marriage ceremony,
whereby she would have been brought to
the door of his house in a silken covered
box on a donkey, did not invalidate the
purchase in the least. Nevertheless, Sid
Abdeslam had resold La Mamia to the
basha, for his hareem. And thereafter
supposedly had killed her rightful owner.

  Now, A1 Lateef knew many things
about this entire matter. Included in his
knowledge was the fact that La Marnia
had not yet journeyed, donkeyback, into
the basha’s hareem; that the night of the
present day she was to make the journey.
He saw the procession, even as he shuffled
along behind the corpse of his father.
There would be first, a score of musicians,,
lantern bearers and friends to lead the
march. The musicians would produce a
ceaseless shrieking of monotonous sounds
upon the ghaitahs, which were much like
the American clarinet upon which he
sometimes played—only much louder and
of more limited range. There would be
three or four drummers, tum-tumming
with their fingers upon the skin stretched
across the openings of earthen jugs. Per-
haps two or three gimbris, of gourd or
turtle shell, like diminutive banjos with
three strings. The lantern bearers would
swing backward and forward, in unison
with the music, the tin lanterns with
colored glass panels, in which burned
candles.

  The making of lanterns, reflected A1
Lateef, accounted for the quantity of
Standard Oil used in the country: the five
gallon cans were used by the tinsmiths.
He wondered what became of the oil.
And the guests would chant highly sug-
gestive, or positively indecent, interpre-
tations of the Thousand Nights and a
Night.

  After them would ride the bride, in a
box on the back of a donkey. A box the
size of a packing case, with a peaked top,
and covered with silken hangings. Not
only for decorative effect, but to conceal
the bride-to-be within. It would roll, as
a ship in a heavy sea, upon the little
donkey’s back; would be kept from slip-
ping by a man walking on either side.
And after the bride would follow more
musicians, more lantern bearers, more
friends singing or shouting or just walk-
ing along for the sake of being there. The
procession would pass through the narrow
streets, perhaps no more than five or six
feet wide in places, like a whirlpool of
light and noise. The candles in the lan-
terns would be extinguished by sudden
movement; confusion whenever any other
pedestrians or riders were encountered.
All alike, processions, whether the march-
ers chanted before and behind the wood,
or before and behind the bridal box . . .
The procession of life and death . . .

  Funeral procession to the chant of La
Illaha. Wedding procession to the notes
of the blithe ghaitah.

  There had been the first. Yes, there
should still be the second. So resolved A!
Lateef grimly, and sought discreet but
astonished friends in the marketplace,
and later, in more secluded precincts.

AL LATEEF’S vision of a
wedding procession came
doubly true, for even as |La
Marnia, in the box upon the
donkey’s back, set forth with true femi-
nine placidity and submission to the will
of Allah, for the house of her lord, the
basha, the bats flying over the house-
tops could have seen another wedding
party noisily advancing along a street
AL LATEEF THE CLEVER ONE

139

which ran parallel to that followed by the
other. Almost parallel, that is; for the
two canon-like thoroughfares came to-
gether in a certain point, blended into
one, dark and dismal. Precisely at the
same moment the two processions en-
countered each other, crashed into each
other, became inextricably confused. The
two donkeys bearing the wedding boxes
snorted and jumped as though struck
by the devil’s horns; the boxes upon their
backs rolled dangerously, and new hands
supported them. Lights were dropped or
knocked out of fingers and darkness en-
gulfed the melee.

  Lights came on again; the tumult died
down; order came out of chaos. The pro-
cession destined for the basha’s house
proceeded on its way; the other turned
off very shortly into a side street. Two
men, injured in the conflict, were left be-
hind. These two had held upright one of
the bridal boxes.

  The basha stood in the doorway of his
house—or, more precisely, at the outer
door of a certain room in his house, where
he had decided to receive the latest ad-
dition to his hareem. He heard the music
approach and rubbed his fat hands
greasily. The procession entered the
grounds with a blast of sound which was
an outrage to the ear, swept up to the
open door. Two men lifted the wooden
box from the donkey’s back, set it down
upon the ground at the basha’s feet, then
the entire party passed on, bringing their
backs to bear upon the basha’s private
business, sought entrance to that portion
of the house where food and drink were
offered to one and all.

  “Enter, La Marnia,” grunted the
basha, stepping back a little.

  He was an impressive figure, in his
house clothing of crimson velvet, heavily
embroidered with silken designs—baggy
velvet breeches, stockings of whitest
wool, new golden slippers, and three-
quarter length coat which was almost a
kimono, encircled by a glowing silken
belt of many colors.

  The curtains of the box bulged, spread,
and a white figure lunged forth—passed

through the doorway. The basha re-
treated another step. He swung the door
closed with a hasty hand, and reached
for the woolen haik which was wrapped
about the figure which stood before him,
covering all except the eyes.

  But as he made the motion, the haik
was thrown aside. The man whom he had
killed stood revealed, the menace of
eternity in his cold eyes.

  The fat hand which the basha extended,
as though to disprove the existence of the
ghasty vision, trembled with sudden
palsy; it drew back, afraid, to stifle the
groan upon his parted lip—a groan which
bore the name of Al Lateef like the
scraping of slipper sole upon gravel.

  But as swiftly as it had enwrapped him
in its paralyzing ice, the mantle of fear
fell at his feet. His sight flashed from
the face of Al Lateef to the closed door,
back to the knife handle in the belt of Al
Lateef. Unreal. Impossible. Al Lateef
was dead. Al Lateef had ridden the wood,
to the chant of La Illaha ilia Allah. This
very day.

  Those of the Faith who die in protecting
the Faith—against either false prophets
or emissaries of Shaitan, the Evil One—
gain Paradise and the smiles of the One
Prophet.

  “Allah!” rasped the basha. “I have
killed Al Lateef once, now I must kill his
apparition. Back!” His hand fled to the
knife at his silken belt. “Back to El
Hotama whence . . .”

  But ere the knife was clear of its sheath
Al Lateef’s hand moved with all the speed
which anger can give to human muscles—
a speed far greater than fear can generate.
His hand seemed for a moment to press
against the basha’s crimson velveted
breast; and then to press him downward
—slowly—slowly to the tiled floor.

  Al Lateef left the knife in its new
sheath, threw the haik about himself,
and stepped into the wedding box, which
was immediately lifted to the donkey’s
back by two men, and the party then set
off, singing, at a swift pace.

  And this swift pace took them very
shortly to the Bab-el-Fahs, the gate in
140

ARTHUR WOODWARD

the city wall which gives on the road to
Fez. All gates are closed at sundown,
and so was the Bab-el-Fahs now. Guards
were on duty to see that it remained
closed to those whose business in coming
or going could not be satisfactorily ex-
plained. Even as A1 Lateef, in the bridal
box, rode up to the gate, another wed-
ding party descended upon it from an-
other direction.

  “Y’Allah!” exclaimed the head guard.

A Ram m

By ARTHUR

NO BODY of United States troops
ever had so strange a name as did
the Mormon battalion which was
recruited from the immigrant camps of
the Latter Day Saints, for service in
California during the Mexican War,
1846-47.

  In those days the Mormons were hav-
ing a turbulent time among their neigh-
bors in Missouri and Illinois. They had
appealed to the United States Govern-
ment for aid, but the Washington poli-
ticians had turned a deaf ear to them.

  Then came the Mexican War.

  The Mormons were already on the
move by the time the war started. They
were seeking a haven of security in the
promised land of the Far West, preferably
California.

  When the war broke out, the Mormon
leaders proffered men to aid in the sub-
jugation of California in return for certain
concessions of rights of settlement.

  Eventually the offer was accepted, and
Captain James Allen, of the Regular Army,
went into the Mormon camps scattered

“Is all Tangier getting married, then?”
But he was a good soul, and had just
taken his own second woman. So he
was inclined to be indulgent. At his word
his subordinates threw open the gate.

  “Go with Allah!” he called, waving the
two parties forward.

  Thus La Marnia, in one bridal box,
passed through the city gate into the
security of the Anjera, while A1 Lateef,
her rightful owner, followed in another.

the Thicket

WOODWARD

all the way from Nauvoo, Illinois, to
Council Bluffs on the Missouri, to recruit
soldiers.

  Somehow the word was spread about
that the United States was going to re-
cruit the finest of the Mormon men, and
these men were to be sacrificed on the
battlefield to cut down the strength of the
Saints.

  Hence the Mormon battalion of five
hundred men that was eventually as-
sembled at Council Bluffs, was looked
upon by many of the embittered Mor-
mons as a ram in the thicket, like
the sacrifice in the ancient Biblical story.

  However, strictly speaking, the story
was not true, and Brigham Young and
the other Mormon leaders looked upon
the opportunity to serve the United
States, and at the same time establish
the vanguard of Mormon immigrants in
California, then the Promised Land, as an
intervention of Providence.

  On July 20th, 1846, the battalion took
up the march from Council Bluffs to Fort
Leavenworth. To save money, they
A RAM IN THE THICKET

141

agreed to turn back to their families the
year’s clothing allowance advanced them.
This amounted to $42* each per year.
This fund was used to purchase supplies
for the families left behind, who were
allowed to take up quarters on Grand
Island in the Platte River. Hence the
battalion marched off on its two thousand
mile hike clad in civilian garments. By
the time the detachment reached Cali-
fornia many were wearing breech cloths,
their shoes were gone, and they wore
sandals, or wrapped tattered rags about
their feet.

  From Leavenworth the outfit marched
to Santa Fe via the Cimmeron Route. At
Santa Fe, Colonel Philip St. George
Cooke assumed command of the bat-
talion. He was a crusty, Regular Army
officer who had graduated from West
Point in 1827, and had seen service in the
Black Hawk War and on the Plains.

  It must have galled his Regular Army
heart to handle his battalion of undis-
ciplined, undrilled, poorly equipped and
ill clad Mormons, the majority of whom
were smarting under the hardships en-
dured for their faith in Illinois and
Missouri.

  Yet both men and colonel came to
understand each other before that gruel-
ling hike was done.

  The men unused to Army discipline
were prone to talk back to the colonel.

  It is related that one infantryman,
ordered to swim a river on a mule to seek
a ford for the remainder of the outfit,
tested the strength of the current, and
finding it too deep and swift, told the
colonel he’d see him in hell before he’d
drown himself and the mule. Apparently
all the rebuke he received was a comment
on the colonel’s part that the infantryman
was a saucy fellow.

  The only battle the battalion had en-
roll te was with a herd of wild bulls, which
occurred near the San Pedro River in
December. There were many wild cattle
ranging that portion of the country and
a herd of bulls, either from curiosity or
natural ferocity, charged the column,
goring pack animals and the mounts of

the officers. The soldiers opened fire and
killed between sixty and eighty of the
brutes before the animals would leave
them alone.

  The country through which the bat-
talion marched was dry, desert land. The
wagons often became stuck in the sand
and at such times, twenty men tailed
on to the ropes to drag the vehicles
through the soft places. Their clothes
began to fall from them. Sickness at-
tacked them and all the medicine they
received was calomel and arsenic.

  Yet in spite of the hardships they
pressed on. California, the Promised
Land, was ahead of them.

  They crossed the Colorado and for five
days struggled with the hellish desert
wastes of what is now the Imperial Valley.
This was the hardest portion of the entire
journey. Finally after many had dropped
exhausted by the wayside, the command
reached the alkaline waters of Carrizo
Creek. The worst of the desert trip was
over.

  Thence by easy stages they marched
by way of the San Felipe Valley, hewing
a wagon route through solid rock to
Warner’s ranch, and finally out upon the
Pacific by way of the San Luis Rey
Valley.

  The horrible march was done.

  The battalion never fought in any of
the engagements of the war. They did
garrison duty at San Diego, at Mission
San Luis Rey, and at Los Angeles. When
the men were mustered out of service,
many went to Salt Lake. Others settled
in California. Mormon picks and shovels
dug the mill race in which James Marshall
discovered the lumps of gold that set the
world on fire. Incidentally it is the entry
in the diary of Henry W. Bigler, a mem-
ber of the battalion, who was working
at Sutter’s mill, that gives the true date
of the discovery, January 24, 1848.

  At the present time it is believed that
there is not a single member of the
battalion alive, but the memory of a ram
in the thicket is very dear to the hearts
of the Mormon people, for they were the
pioneers.
An unusually poignant
story of men in war

A Valor Ruined Man

By NORMAN REILLY RAINE

STRETCHED out on his chicken
wire bunk with a haversack under
his head, Starling, commander
of C Company, looked up sharply
from his reading as a mud plastered run-
ner from battalion headquarters pushed
aside the gas curtain and entered the
dugout. He handed Starling a message
and stood rigidly at attention, blinking
in the candle light after the gloom of the
trench. Starling flipped open the enve-
lope, read the message, initialed his
acknowledgement, and when the runner
had departed, warmed with rum, he read
it again—slowly. Then his eyes dropped

to a passage in his book; a tattered copy
of “Moby Dick,” a breath of the free,
open sea, that somehow had found its
way into the winter trenches.

  That immaculate manliness we feel within our-
  selves, so far within us that it remains intact,
  though all the outer character seems gone,
  bleeds with keenest anguish at the undraped
  spectacle of a valor ruined man. Nor can
  piety itself, at such a shameful sight, com-
  pletely stifle her upbraidings against the per-
  mitting stars.

Starling’s fine eyes puckered; lost them-
selves in the damp shadows of his cave.
After a space he summoned his orderly.
“My compliments to Mr. Blake of the

142
A VALOR RUINED MAN

143

11th Platoon. Ask him to report here
at once.”

   Blake came, his pinched faced red with
cold, stamping and slapping the fresh
-snow from his boots and trench coat. He
straightened in the candle light and
essayed a smile, but his heart thumped
with trepidation. Starling spoke with
calculated, matter of fact cheeriness.

  “Battalion has given C Company a
job—daybreak patrol to go out this
morning. You’re next on the slate,
Blake, so you’ll take it. Jerry’s got a
machine gun in that ruined red house at
C-ll-A-2-9. Take eight men and a
Lewis gun and shift him. You’ll go with
them, of course.”

  The younger man’s head was bent.
He did not look up, but the blood rushed
to his face, then ebbed swiftly, leaving it
pasty white. His stomach trembled with
dread. He lied, miserably, knowing that
Starling knew he was lying, yet powerless
to control himself. His shaking fingers
plucked at his lips.

  “I— Could you—could you detail
some one else, sir? I’m not feeling just—
A touch of trench fever.” Shame over-
came him.

  “God, Starling, I can’t! Don’t you
see? It’s not fair to the men.”

   Men of Starling’s caste do not recog-
nize cowardice as such—they acknowl-
edge only degrees of courage. Blake had
been a good soldier in the early days at
Loos, and after. And he was only
twenty-two. Starling’s gaze buoyed him
up, returned to him a shred of his self
respect. He said, casually:

  “I’ll have to send Johns, then. He
likes patrols. Sorry you’re not feeling fit,
Blake. This is the second time, and I
don’t want the company talking. Keep
your heart in it, lad. Send the sergeant-
major down when you go up.”

   Blake returned to his platoon.

  At dawn the patrol under Johns went
out, shadowy figures crouching through
the mist. An hour later they tumbled
back in the fire trench, jubilant, with two
casualties and five prisoners, their job
well done.

  At the end of its tour the battalion
was withdrawn and billeted near Poper-
inghe, and Starling did what he could in
his quiet unobtrusive way to buttress
Blake’s courage. The other’s cracking
nerves found strength and comfort in his
company commander’s steadfastness and
understanding. His spirit revived in the
safety of the present, and Starling began
to have hope.

        C COMPANY officers messed
together in the kitchen of an
abandoned farmhouse, and
after the drab monotony of the
trenches they made their brief holiday a
merry one. On the last day out of the
line they sat about the dinner table,
Starling at the head, lean and bronzed,
his deep, kindly eyes reflecting the smile
under his thin mustache. Beside him was
Blake, his mind at peace in spite of the
fact that they were moving up into the
trenches the following night. The others
were Smith and Patterson, subalterns of
the 9th and 10th platoons, Hyde-Bennett,
who was a guest from A Company, and
No. 12 platoon commander, Johns. Johns
was a hearty, red faced bulk of a man,
whom a bullet through the vocal cords
had endowed with a feminine voice. He
was a formidable and ruthless fighter, and
was worshiped by his men, who called him
Bloody Mary.

  Hyde-Bennett,a genial Irishman, spilled
whisky into his glass.

  “Nice bag of prisoners you fellows got
in your raid the other morning,” he said.
“I was on leave last time in, but I heard
about it.”

  Bloody Mary chuckled.

  “It wasn’t a raid, Major. It was a
blasted patrol. Sorry we didn’t get their
officer too. Let me tell you. It’s rather
funny. We went out at daybreak and
down the sunken road that runs through
our wire to the railway embankment.
We hadn’t gone a hundred yards when
my sergeant heard something. We
flopped and lay still, then I crawled up
the bank and had a dekko on the other
side. There was an enemy patrol, by gad,
144

NORMAN REILLY RAINE

resting. They were cramming them-
selves with wurst, or some such muck,
before working up to have a peep at us.

I	sent the Lewis gun up the bank, then the
rest of us skulked through the culvert and
said good morning. You’d have laughed.
They put up a scrap of course, and it was
rather sordid for a minute or two. Then
their officer—only a kid he was—gave a
squawk and legged it off up the road.
Left his men flat, by cripes. You’re a hell
of an officer, thought I, and up the road
after him. Well, I caught him.”

  Starling, who happened to glance at
Blake, cut in swiftly.

  “Shut your trap, Mary, and pass the
whisky.”

  Johns waived the interruption with a
grin.

  “I caught him—right in the angle of the
red house: his Liiger might have been
cheese for all the use he tried to make of
it. He backed into the wall, his eyes
bugged out with fright, and when he saw
me so close he shrieked like a bloody
guinea pig. They heard him clear back
at the culvert. I let him squeak for a
second or two. Then my bullet got
him—” Bloody Mary indicated a point
under his left jaw—“just there. It blew
a hole in his coconut you could—”

  Starling’s voice rapped out again, un-
mistakable in its sharp command.

  “Shut up, Johns!”

  Bloody Mary’s eyes opened wide.

  “What for?” he demanded, aggrieved.
“The little stinker deserved it, didn’t he?
Letting his men down! God, how I hate a
quitter!”

  Blake jumped to his feet, his face chalk
white. He murmured something and his
chair tumbled backward as he made for
the door.

 “Hullo! What’s wrong with old
Blake?” Patterson asked.

  “He’s been under the weather a bit,
lately,” Starling said. “Never mind him.
He’ll be all right presently.”

  “Bit of red flannel next his belly’s what
he needs,” Johns sympathized. “Fine
thing, red flannel. I remember one time
near Mons . .

  Starling found Blake in his bunk, weak
with nausea.

  “It’s no good, sir,” he moaned. “I’m
done in. This trip in the line will finish
me.”

  He buried his face in his hands.
Starling sat with him until dawn, but
Blake had spoken truth.

THE NEXT day blew in on

the wings of an icy gale, snow
laden. An hour after a hot
midday dinner the battalion
moved up. It was dusky, and shrapnel
crashed over the Grand Place as the long
column wound through the pitted streets,
past the stark uplifted finger of the Cloth
Hall, and out along the Menin Road to
the death haunted bog of the Ypres
salient. The wind had dropped, but
snow fell steadily in large wet flakes.
Each plodding infantryman moved under
a little blurred canopy of white. The
savage thunder of gunfire was softened,
the trend of the heavily burdened fighting
men cushioned by the fall. The delicate
beauty of ruined eaves vignetted in the
half light, drew comments in voices
husky with false cynicism.

  Starling fell out by the side of the pave
and watched his beloved troglodytes
stumble past, laden with fighting equip-
ment, firewood, water, wire, and odds and
ends of comforts and necessities for the
winter trenches. He passed an encourag-
ing word or two, then fell in with Blake
as his platoon came past.

  “How is it going, Don?” he asked
casually.

  Blake turned a white face in the gloom,
shook his head, said nothing.

  Starling wrapped his fingers with sane,
even pressure around the other’s arm, and
squeezed.

  “Hang on, boy,” he said gently.
“Take hold of yourself. We go on
divisional rest after this trip in, and that
means three weeks out of the line.”

  There was an undercurrent of thrill in
his voice.

  A hidden battery slammed from a
nearby copse, and Blake jumped.
A VALOR RUINED MAN

145

  “Steady, man!” Starling warned.
“It’s our own guns. Keep your teeth into
it. Don’t let your men down. You’ll be
all right.”

  With a last friendly grip the company
commander regained his place in the
column.

  The battalion turned off to the right
some distance beyond the ramparts,
through a portal of twisted iron and shell
riven poplars, and out over the white open
fields toward the railway dugouts and
Zillebeke Lake. Men strung out into
indistinct, heaving files.

  “Shell hole on the left . . . wire under-
foot . . . wire overhead . . . shell hole.”

  The litany of guarded warning traveled
continuously back along the column.
Ghostly flares wavered skyward from the
front line at Hill 60 and Santuary Wood
and Hooge.

  Scattered shells began to drop in the
fields behind, and just ahead where the
communication trench began. The shell-
ing grew heavier. Casualties occurred in
the leading company. An orderly came
back, to take cover in the nearby dugouts
until the hostile fire slackened. Starling
made his way along his company, passing
the word. When he came to No. 11
platoon, a question jumped to his lips,
only to be stifled. Blake was not with
his platoon.

  Starling summoned his second in com-
mand.

  “Take over, and get the company under
cover,” he directed. “I have a little job
to do. I’ll be back presently.”

  He watched them get under way, his
mind casting about for a line of action.
Panic tugged, but he stamped it down.
Then as by inspiration he remembered
that a half mile back along their track
was an abandoned gun emplacement.
Swiftly he calculated the time it would
take to reach it. It was not likely that
the battalion would move for another
half hour, and in any case it could be over-
taken in the communication trench.
Starling plunged back along the battalion
track.

  It was quite dark, but the falling snow

seemed to shed a soft aura of its own. He
had a feeling of intense isolation. The
waves of gunfire receded to a sonorous
murmur, rimming the silent fields, and old
trenches and straggling wire seemed to
creep toward him, reaching with ghostly
fingers as though in search of the re-
assuring presence of life.

  From somewhere close by a battery of
heavy howitzers coughed, and immedi-
ately upon the reports came the quick
scream and burst of an enemy shell.
Starling flung himself down and dirt
showered over him. It hardly had settled
when another landed, and another—wide,
this time, searching for the battery.
Starling hurried past the danger spot.
Again the rush of displaced air warned
him and he dropped.

  In the act of getting to his feet he
checked himself suddenly, regardless of
another warning scream. The concussion
knocked him headlong, but he scrambled
upright and raced toward a faint glimmer
of light that he had seen issuing from
beneath the ground. A light in these old
gun pits, deserted by all but scavenging
rats, meant one thing only.

  He fell heavily into the remnant of
trench and ran along it, looking for an en-
try. He found it by tumbling down a short
flight of broken steps into a low vaulted
cellar with part of the roof blown away.

BLAKE was sitting on an am-
munition box in the flickering
light of a candle stump, his
equipment strewn on the
ground about him. His eyes, black pools
of utter defeat, stared with grim and
awful purpose down the barrel of his
service pistol.

  Wordlessly Starling hurled himself for-
ward and clapped his left hand over the
muzzle. The weapon roared. A thin
curtain of acrid smoke arose between them
and Starling raised his red, shattered
hand. Blake swayed stupidly to his feet,
reeled backward, then jerked upright, his
face a mask of horror in the candle light.

  “Oh, God, what have I done?” he
gasped.
146

NORMAN REILLY RAINE

  Starling set his jaws against the agony
and fumbled for his field dressing. He
managed words.

  “Don’t waste time! Get your equip-
ment on and get back to your platoon.
It’s at the railway dugouts. Move, man!”

  Frantically, inadequately, he pulled at
his tunic. Where was that damned
bandage?

  Blake stumbled toward him, half
crying.

  “Here—let me do it,” he mumbled.
Half-way he stopped and his head
jerked up.

  “Get down, Starling!” he screamed and
bore him to the floor.

  Dimly, Starling was aware of his
weight. The gun pit dissolved in a moil
of stone dust and flame.

THE PRESIDENT of the
court had read the charge.

  “The accused, Captain John
Anthony Starling, second bat-
talion, the Royal Murkshires, is charged
with misbehavior before the enemy in
such manner as to show cowardice, in that
he, at Ypres, when his battalion was pro-
ceeding for duty in the trenches, did
absent himself without leave.

  “Two: That he did, subsequent upon
the above occurrence, commit upon him-
self a self-inflicted wound, with intent to
evade duty with his battalion.”

  The room was still. A hard, driving
rain, freezing as it fell, assailed the tall
windows of the chateau. The poplars in
the courtyard creaked and swayed before
the late winter gale. Like surf against
iron cliffs, the sullen diapason of gunfire
penetrated the room, punctuated by
nearer thuddings. The embers in the
grate settled with a little rustle, the flame
leaping rosily over the heavy furniture.
Then it subsided.

  Starling wrenched his mind from
futilities, from the throbbing flesh under
his bandage, from the utter impossibility
of defense against this monstrous charge.
His eyes rested in turn upon the president
of the court, an impassive face, not un-
kind; the j udge-advocate, toying with a

  ruler, small and dark, conveying despite
his atmosphere of Inns of Court, a certain
pawky humor; members of the court, all
of a type—service worn khaki, incisive
lips, clear, health flushed skins, their eyes
crowfooted from days and nights of
bloody vigil in the trenches. Men of
Starling’s own kind.

   His eyes came to rest on the prosecutor.

  Captain Neylan was an oldish man—a
combatant officer lately promoted to
staff. The war had interrupted his bril-
liant career as a prosecuting lawyer whose
fetish was facts. And when he had piled
up sufficient facts of the right sort, the
culprit inevitably was imprisoned or
hanged. In Neylan’s life sentiment did
not exist. One was guilty or one was not
—facts do not lie. Besides separating
him from his career the war had told
upon his temper. There was a trace of
acid in his thin, infrequent smile; and as
he definitely disapproved of a certain
laxity permissible in court-martials, favor-
ing the prisoner, he made his tolerance of
such well meant blunderings obvious.
But this fellow Starling was so patently
guilty that even he, the accused, had re-
fused to accept any palliation of the facts,
and had resisted every effort of the court
to help him. Thus thought the man upon
whom Starling’s eyes were fixed.

  The president’s voice dropped like a
pebble into the pool of silence.

   “Guilty, or not guilty?”

   “Not guilty, sir.”

   Even as he said it, Starling realized its
uselessness. If only he could meet these
men in the easy atmosphere of a regi-
mental mess. How quickly he could make
them see. Here, they were emotionally
suspended, gripped in the impersonal
functioning of a military-legal machine.
He had to admit facts. And facts were
damning. The prosecutor was elaborat-
ing the charge.

  “While under fire on the way to the
trenches the accused disappeared. He
reappeared later at the regimental aid
post with a pistol bullet through his left
hand. Mark that, gentlemen; a pistol
bullet far behind the front line. Prisoner
A VALOR RUINED MAN

147

  states that it was not self - inflicted.
Medical evidence says that the wound was
received when the hand was less than one
inch from the muzzle of the weapon. We
have the evidence of Captain Starling’s
subalterns and second in command as to
his absence. It was reluctantly given, but
it is there. One alone did not testify—an
unfortunate young officer named Blake
who is presumed to have been totally de-
stroyed by a shell while the regiment was
moving up. We must not ignore the
character evidence by the prisoner’s
battalion commander—Captain Starling
was a competent and courageous officer—
even though the witness displayed rather
more warmth in rendering his evidence
than was justified by later facts. Un-
doubtedly Captain Starling was a keen
soldier; still there are the facts which the
prisoner himself does not deny. There
were no actual witnesses of the deed, of
course, but when circumstantial evidence
is so strong guilt must be presumed.”
The president leaned forward.

  “Have you anything to say, Captain
Starling?”

  Starling thought deeply. He thought
of his battalion, and somewhat of himself.
But mostly he thought of Blake, who, not
too late, had redeemed himself.

  “I can only say, sir, that I did not try
to evade duty with my battalion, and I
did not shoot myself.”

  “That is all of the defense you offer?”
  “That is all.”

  The prosecutor sensed the feeling of the
court. Starling’s manner had told. He
shot forward his jaw.

 “Why were you absent from your
battalion at such a time?”

  “I was on a self-imposed mission in-
volving the honor of my battalion.”

  The prosecutor permitted himself a
smile in the direction of the president;
but that old connoisseur of men was in-
tent upon the prisoner.

  The prosecutor continued—

  “What was that mission?”

  “I decline to answer.”

  “I insist.”

  The president of the court turned from

  his contemplation of Starling’s pale, firm
lips.

  “Captain Starling has told us that it
involves a question of honor,” he said,
very quietly.

 The prosecutor flushed deeply. He
returned to the attack.

  “Your wound was not self-inflicted?”

 “No.”

  “Was it accidental?”

  “Yes.”

  “Was it done by human agency?”

  “Yes.”

  “Who did it?”

  “I decline to say.”

 “You mean, although knowing your
very life may depend upon giving the
court that information, you still decline?”

  Starling breathed deeply. His knuckles
whitened.

  “Yes. I decline.”

 The windows shook in their frames
under the distant drumfire. Somewhere
a tiny clock tinkled the hour.

  “That will do, Captain Neylan,” the
president said.

SENTENCE for cowardice in
wartime is not always death.
Much is left to the discretion of
the court, and much is taken
into account. And a recommendation for
mercy invariably brings results. Men
have escaped with imprisonment for life,
or for shorter terms, and upon occasion,
have been set free, to return to the con-
tempt of their fellows.

  Starling was cashiered. And being the
type of man he was, he immediately en-
listed as a private in a line regiment,
under his own name. When he returned
to France he was a corporal. Among the
slag heaps and shell craters of Loos,
Sergeant Starling led the remnant of his
platoon in bloody assault against a strong
point, carried it, and held it against cruel
counter attacks for sixteen rather heroic
hours. Then promotion’s bony finger
moved, and John Anthony Starling was
again an officer and—quaint thought—a
gentleman.

  It was shortly after that he once more
148

NORMAN REILLY RAINE

met the Prosecutor, who was then Staff
Major of a neighboring brigade. There
was nothing much to the meeting, really.
Neylan was a visitor to Starling’s bat-
talion mess and was discussing a point of
training with his host when Starling
entered the room.

  “To my mind,” the host was saying,
over a glass of whisky and soda, “the
Lewis gun has been of great value in
teaching the men—hello! Here’s Star-
ling. Come here, John. I want you to
meet—”

  “Yes,” interrupted Neylan thought-
fully, gazing through Starling into in-
finity, “the Lewis gun is a useful weapon.
So, for that matter, is the service pistol—
in the proper hands. You can’t get away
from that fact.”

  That is all there was to it, but Starling,
being the dull, obstinate fellow he was,
applied for and was granted a transfer to
a battalion in Neylan’s brigade, just in
time to take punishment in the epic fight
for Passchenstrafel Ridge.

  Ponderous howitzers squatted in the
mud and roared endlessly. One lone
planked road stretched over the morass,
bracketed by bursting shells. Shell holes,
filled to the brim with stinking water, the
only homes the weary fighters knew, were
churned by high explosives into a revolt-
ing bog that stretched into the dusk as far
as eye could see. The ridge, gray and
brooding in the rain and the murk, stood,
a grim barrier against further progress.
At its feet glistened the viscid pools where
men had died in thousands in a fruitless
morning attack. Enemy wire, cunningly
laid under mud and water in a swamp at
the foot of the slope, had entangled the
infantrymen as they rushed forward to
the assault. Small hope for human life
under the murderous fire from the crest,
and the rolling barrage that immedi-
ately dropped on them and smashed
them in their helplessness until hope was
not, and terror was numb. Those of the
attackers who were not shot to bits had
drowned in the mud. And now it was
night, and brigade headquarters was
frantic.	,

  The situation at the front was obscure,
enemy shellfire methodically destroying
communication lines and roads as fast as
they were laid. And until definite infor-
mation was forthcoming, it was im-
possible to plan another attack. There
were rumors that part of a battalion had
got through the swamp and was cut off,
fighting desperately on the ridge all day
and until long after nightfall. Neylan,
who had gone forward to glean what in-
formation he could, found himself at two
o’clock in the morning in an improvised
dugout of the signal corps—a reeking hole
in the mud—with a battalion commander
of the Aberdeens. The place was being
pounded by high explosives. The tele-
phone buzzed madly, and the signaler ap-
peared to be in difficulty.

  “What the devil’s the matter?” Neylan
snapped. “Who’s trying to get through?”
The man turned a perplexed face.
“You’d better take it, sir. I can’t make
out what they’re driving at.”

 Neylan snatched the headpiece,
listened, questioned briefly. Then he
jumped up, and turned to the infantry
commander.

  “It’s a forward observation post, re-
porting signals from the face of the ridge
with an electric torch, sir. Some lunatic
is defending a pillbox he captured this
morning against continual attacks. How
he got his men through that ghastly
swamp God knows. Let’s go up and see
what its all about.”

IN A LULL between bursts
they got to the top. There was
rain, and icy darkness, but the
road gave them direction, and
twenty minutes brought them to the front
line—a series of sheilholes—thinly held
by machine gunners, huddled, soaked and
shivering, but alert, under inadequate
tarpaulins. One of their officers, a young
man, who seemed to see like a cat in the
dark, pointed into the gloom ahead.

  “It was from directly in front and near
the top of the ridge, I judge, that the
signal came,” he told them as they
splashed about in the uncertain foothold.
A VALOR RUINED MAN

149

  “I think— There it is again!”

  Out of the dark and the rain, from the
sinister loom of the great ridge, came a
series of flashes—pinpoint dashes and
dots of light.

            _ »

 “It’s Morse—S.O.S.!” the machine
gunner said.

  Desperately the little garrison in the
beleaguered pillbox sent their message
into the night:

  HOLDING PILLBOX NEAR CHEST 100 YDS WEST
  OP ROAD STOP THIRTEEN ALL RANKS STOP
  AMMUNITION LOW STOP BELIEVE ENEMY
  STRENGTH LIGHT STOP CAN GUIDE SUPPORTS
  UNDER COVER DARKNESS THROUGH SWAMP FOR
  DAWN ATTACK AND SMASH HIS DEFENSE STOP
  I WILL MEET SUPPORTS CRATER PILLBOX YOUR
  EDGE OF SWAMP AT FIVE OCLOCK A M STOP
  GOD SAKE COME STOP

  The light flashed once or twice again,
evidently the beginning of a signature,
but faded to a tiny, indecipherable glow,
then died.

  “Battery gone,” the Aberdeen colonel
grunted. “By God, he’s a soldier, who-
ever he is. I heard that nearly a company
had got cut off up there. Only thirteen
left. What can we do?”

  Representing brigade, the decision was
Neylan’s. He thought rapidly.

  “We’ll use your battalion, sir,” he said.
“They’re fresh, comparatively, and they
Ere close at hand. It may be only a trick,
of course, but we’ll have to chance that.
If we can get a battalion through that
swamp and into a jumping off place on the
slope, we should take the ridge an hour
after dawn. Lord, what a chance, after
that awful mess of yesterday.”

  “You’ll find us ready,” the Highlander
replied curtly.

  “I’ll have brigade take steps to follow
us up, then. The Aberdeens had better
move into position on the left of the plank
road, about five hundred yards in rear of
Crater Pillbox. Then you and I will
move up and meet this fellow and make
sure of things before we commit our-
selves.”

  An hour and a half later the kilted

Aberdeens, heads bent beneath the pelt-
ing downpour, plodded through mud and
darkness toward the ridge. No talking,
no smoking, was the order, and the
hardened, dour fighting men moved in
purposeful silence. At their head Neylan
and their battalion commander stumbled
and splashed, keeping direction with
utmost difficulty. Incessant flashes of
gunfire played like sheet lightning through
the dripping night, and occasionally the
column was halted by bursts of heavy but
sporadic shellfire ahead. They arrived in
position, and company by company, the
battalion disposed itself in shellholes.

  “If you are ready, sir,” Neylan said,
“we’ll take a couple of runners svith as and
carry on to Crater Pillbox. This brush
track runs right past it. There will be
plenty of time to send word back to the
battalion if it is to move up.”

  Two battalion scouts were detailed to
accompany them and the little party
plowed on. After a time one of the
scouts reported a deeper smudge in the
blackness—Crater Pillbox. And as they
swung slightly to the right and made for
it, they saw it suddenly ringed by dull
glowing spots of bursting flame.

AN EXPRESS train hurtled
overhead and dropped. A
shower of mud and debris
pelted them. Three more. A
full salvo in all. Up to their necks in
waterlogged shellholes they took cover.
Crump! Crump! Crump! Crump! A
barrage fell on them. The tortured earth
spouted fountains of mud and steel and
flame. The din was colossal. Between
the bursts Neylan heard the deep groans
of some one badly hit. He shouted and
his mouth was stopped by flying mud.
Desperately he floundered out of his shell-
hole, reckless of the whistling death all
about, and groped blindly through the
uproar searching for his companions.
They were gone. He alone was left. He
staggered blindly forward in the direction
of the concrete pillbox, felt the cobbles of
a road beneath his floundering boots.
With red fury destruction rained from the
150

NORMAN REILLY RAINE

sky, and by a hundred miracles he escaped
'•it. Where was that cursed pillbox? It
was cover. He had to find cover. His
whole instinct of self-preservation was
bent upon it; yet it could not drive com-
pletely from his mind a thought of that
desperate leader of a forlorn hope waiting
for his support.

   Out of the screaming blackness a shell
 burst showed him a glimpse of a dugout
 entrance in a pulverized trench. He
 dived headlong into it and scrambled
 down the rubbish littered shaft. He knew
 it for one of the jumping off places of
 yesterday’s attack. Here for a time he
 would find safe harbor, if a direct hit did
 not land on the exit and bury him alive.
 When the storm had cleared he would
 carry on. Bruised and terribly shaken he
 scooped the streaming muck from his
 eyes and face. The earth above and
 around him trembled and rocked under
 the impact of huge projectiles. He
 fumbled for a match to see his watch, and
 unheeding cut his finger on the broken
 crystal and twisted metal guard. Well, he
 could guess the time, and that fellow
 would have to wait. Nothing could live
 in the hurricane of steel above. He
 crouched with thumping heart as part of
 the wail fell in and the stout roof timbers
 cracked under the burst of a shell. God,
 that was close! So was that! Another of
 those and he’d be done for, beneath thirty
 feet of earth.

   He listened and presently his trained
 ears told him of the gradual slackening
 of the barrage. It was just a routine
 strafe, probably, put down on the chance
 of catching troops moving up to attack.
 How narrowly the Aberdeens had missed
 it. And their colonel . . .

   Better get out of this and on with his
 job. It must be after five. He wondered
 if the other man had lived through it. In
 the sound shelter of the pillbox probably
 he had. Outside was comparatively
 quiet now. Painfully he clawed his way
 up over the loose rubbish and more
 noisome waste of the battered shaft. He
 had almost gained the top when the con-
 cussion of a shell burst in the trench out-

 side blew him back and cracked his skull
 against a beam. He rolled over and lay
 motionless half way down the shaft.

THE WATERY light of early
morning was pouring through
the narrow entrance when
Neylan’s swimming brain
fought its way back to consciousness.
He staggered to his feet and crept by
agonized degrees toward the open, one
thought only dinning through his con-
fused mind—a thought that somehow
took him in the pit of the stomach like a
blow. It was full day, almost, and what
of the attack?

  Outside, he straightened with difficulty
and looked about him. Behind was a vast
churned sea of earth, thousands of shell
holes reflecting the steel gray sky. Dazed,
incredulous, he saw horses and ammuni-
tion limbers, guns and infantrymen, mov-
ing forward, a host of them, crawling
across the mud. He turned to the ridge.
Its crest was a feather of spouting flame,
but on the near slope tiny khaki blobs
worked upward in battle formation.
Stunned, he watched them as they dis-
appeared in small groups into the smoke
of the crest, supported by the thundering
fire of a thousand guns. And as his hag-
gard unbelieving eyes swept the fore-
ground to the grim bulk of Crater Pillbox,
he saw coming toward him over the
pitted road five scarecrow figures, moving
with the shambling, limp armed gait of
utter weariness.

  They were caked in blood and slime,
and their blackened faces were those of
men who had dwelled long in the Valley
of the Shadow. At their head marched
one, helmetless, taller, and more ragged
than the rest, whose uncertain feet were
kept to the road only by force of an in-
domitable will, and whose eyes, red holes
in a mask of clay, burned with un-
quenchable light. Neylan did not need to
be .told. They were the lone survivors of
the ridge, and their leader was Starling.

  The former prosecutor sickened with
the terrible realization of his own position.
His duty had been to keep the rendezvous
t

A VALOR RUINED MAN

151

at all cost. He had failed. While these
men and their mates had been fighting
and dying like gods, depending on him for
rescue, he had been safe under cover.
And Starling, whom he had once nailed to
the cross with facts, had caught him
creeping out of a dugout hours after the
danger had passed.

  When Starling halted, his men dropped
their rifles and sprawled on the muddy
road to rest. Their commander stood
upright, swaying gently on widely planted
legs. Neylan felt his eyes upon him, and
the hot color surged to his face and neck.
What could he say? How could he
plead? Urgently he felt the need of
pleading.

  But when he raised his head Starling’s
look was not upon him. It was turned to
the battle torn heights beyond. And
when their gaze did meet the ragged
soldier’s eyes were washed clean of all but
a transcendental happiness.

 “Look, Neylan! God, man, look!
We’ve taken the ridge!”

  A gusty sight that came from his inner-
most heart blew through the cracked lips.

  “Its a miracle. Last night that bar-
rage— I knew you couldn’t get through
it. But my chaps were waiting for me

back on the ridge, so I dodged through
and by amazing luck stumbled over the
colonel of the Aberdeens. He was badly
cracked up and thought you were killed,
but he told me where his battalion was.
I found ’em, and after the fire lifted we
moved up. I had blasted a way through
the swamp with bombs, and it served.
The Aberdeens got into position with the
rest of the brigade to back ’em—thanks
to your work, I’m told. And after we’d
seen the attack get under way— Well,
here we are. We’ve dwindled a bit, but
we’re all more or less sound. What hap-
pened to you, though? Knocked out? I
thought you had been. Damned tough,
missing the fun, eh? By the way—do
you happen to have a tot of rum in your
bottle? My fellows here . . .”

  The staff man cried out.

  “Good God, you don’t understand,
man! While you were doing my job and
your own too, I was deep in a bloody
dugout. Safe. Never mind the reason.
You caught me coming out. I’ve got to
face facts, especially after the way I
hounded you.”

  “Facts? To hell with facts,” said Star-
ling, wearily. “I asked you if you had
any rum.”
Bevinninv T T

rlANDICAPS

       A Serial of the Kentucky
       Racetracks and a Dare-
       Devil Flying Circus

By THOMSON BURTlS

CHAPTER I

THE PRICE OF THE RACKET

THE EVEN roar of the hundred
and eighty horsepower motor
was broken, briefly, by a sort of
cough. George Groody leaned
forward tensely. His eyes darted from
gage to gage on the instrument board
ahead of him. His heart seemed to jump
and then it started pumping away like
mad.

  The next instant the even rhythm of
the eight cylinders had been resumed.
The flyer leaned back. A sense of great
relief swept over him.

  “Just a bump messing up the carbu-
reter,” he told himself. “I might figure
that, over a city.”

  Suddenly he was reviling himself sav-
agely. Why was it that lately it seemed

that every hour in the air was an ordeal?
His nerves were shot, but he hated to
admit it, even to himself. When Cincin-
nati had come in sight, sprawling hugely
in the Ohio sunshine, he had been con-
scious of a feeling of relaxation. It meant
that his objective was very near. The
trip had been but an hour and a half.
There was no reason for him to feel as if
he had been put through a wringer. No
reason, that is, except the one for which
he hated himself.

  As if to escape from his thoughts, he
thrust his helmeted head over the side of
the cockpit and surveyed the scene below.
He was over the Ohio River, now. Coving-
ton, like a continuation of Cincinnati, ran
southward from the bank of the river. Its
fringe touched the Latonia racetrack, all
green and white in the sun.

  “Sure is a pretty track,” Groody

 152
thought to himself. And for the moment,
he forgot the burdens, mental and physi-
cal, which had been oppressing him.

  It was Sunday morning, but the big
racing plant showed many signs of life.
Dozens of men were walking around the
barns, and others were at work on the
track, which gleamed whitely. The in-
field was a checkered oval. Hedges,
ponds, tiny hills and valleys—it was
like an enlarged edition of a glorious
garden.

  Groody’s reckless face relaxed into a
lopsided grin. He looked around and met
the eyes of Bob Corrigan, also an ex-Army
flyer; what was more, also a former mem-
ber of the Border Patrol. Groody mo-
tioned in the direction of the track. Cor-
rigan nodded, and his rugged, handsome
face lighted amazingly as he smiled.

  “Maybe if I take a few afternoons at

153

the races, I’ll feel better,” Groody re-
flected. “And if Slim Evans is right about
that pal of his, maybe we can make
enough dough on the ponies to lay oil'
flying awhile.”

  His lean, hawk-like face became taut
again. Unconsciously he had admitted
that he did not feel so well. And he hated
that feeling. He despised himself for it.
Nine months of aerial fighting in France,
two years in the Mexican Border Patrol
of the Army Air Service, assorted flying
of all kinds before and since—and never
before had he been jumpy and nervous
and sleepless.

  “I’m worse than an old woman with
indigestion, lumbago and the pip,” he
jeered at himself. “Snap out of it, boy;
snap out of it!”

  He found himself gazing around for
emergency landing fields. That was right
154

THOMSON BURTIS

and proper. But why be so wrought up
about it?

  He peered ahead, toward the low rolling
hills which finally melted into the higher
slopes of the far famed Kentucky moun-
tains. Somewhere back there was the
field he was to use. Tom Service had
wired him that it was ten miles or so
south of the track . . .

  There it was. And the second ship of
the Groody Flying Circus was dis-
cernible, gleaming in the sunshine. They
had the small canvas hangar set up,
too.

  “I forgot to look for the fair grounds,”
Groody soliloquized. “I don’t suppose
they can be far away, though. Sure is
better for us to have our field away from
’em. There won’t be ten thousand fool
onlookers and seven million sappy ques-
tions a day.”

  He throttled the motor to a thousand
revolutions, and started a gradual dive.
The green and gold ship—a trim little
two-seater with a low landing speed and
a two mile a minute air speed when the
motor was wide open—hummed its way
earthward. After years of flying behind
bellowing Liberties, the roar of the eight
cylinder Wright motor was almost a
lullaby. Painted on the lower wings and
on the sides of the fuselage, were the
words—“Groody Flyers”.

  When the ship was down to a thousand
feet, Groody could see a dozen people and
two or three cars on the large, level
pasture lot.

  “If an airplane landed in the middle of
the Sahara Desert, a village would spring
up around it overnight,” he thought to
himself.

HE FELT a hand gripping his
arm, and turned around. His
eyes followed Corrigan’s point-
ing finger. Three miles or so
southward, on a field alongside the muddy
Ohio River, were three airplanes, drawn
up before a big canvas hangar. Groody
nodded. From his side pocket he took a
very long and very thin cigar, and in-
serted it between his teeth, unlighted.

Then he paid attention to the business of
landing.

  It was not complicated, but he felt
relieved when it was over. He landed
with one bounce, cursed his awkwardness,
and taxied up alongside the other plane,
an exact duplicate of his own. Tom
Service, who, in addition to being manager
of the Groody Flyers, was Groody’s oldest
and closest friend, came out to meet him.
There was a letter in his hand, the pilot
noticed.

  “Well, how’s everything?” Groody in-
quired, as he alighted from the cockpit.
“Pretty nice field, eh? These hills make
it a little tough, and they’ll be tougher if
a motor conks, but she’s sure smooth.”
Service nodded. He was short and very
stocky. His round face was adorned by
a huge pair of horn rimmed glasses, and
his round blue eyes peered through them
with an effect of unintelligent innocence.
His blond hair was cut in a short brush
pompadour which emphasized the fleshy
emptiness of his face.

  But Tom Service was a very deceiving
young man. He looked fat; actually his
body was as hard as a rock. He looked
stupid and boyish, both of which appear-
ances were very far from the truth.

  “Everything s-set,” he said mildly.
“F-first morning flight tomorrow, and
first night exhibition tomorrow n-night.
No afternoon flying.”

  “That helps,” Corrigan remarked. “We
can take in the races then. Who’s the
letter for?”

  “George. Came by special messenger.”
The three men looked curiously at one
another as Groody took it. Corrigan,
big and wide shouldered, took off his
helmet slowly. His shock of coarse black
hair sprang upright. He was a shaggy
bear of a man, but his square jawed face,
lighted by turbulent looking brown eyes,
was not only forceful, but most attractive.

  “May be another little anonymous love
letter, eh?” barked Groody. “Let’s see.”
A short, slim dark man, with a thin,
keen looking face, emerged from the small
canvas shelter and Sparrow Cantoni,
pilot of the Groody flying circus, hastened
HANDICAPS

155

to join the group as his chief opened the
letter.

 There was a moment of silence as
Groody’s eyes swept over the note. He
was standing with slightly bent knees, his
lanky body at ease as was customary with
him. The unlighted cigar was clamped in
one corner of his slightly twisted mouth.
His eyes were narrow, and sloped down-
ward from his thin, high bridged nose.
Framed in the close fitting helmet, there
was something mocking, almost Mephisto-
phelian, about his aquiline countenance.

  Little Sparrow Cantoni said not a word.
He merely watched Groody’s face.

  “No luck,” Groody said with a relieved
grin. “That is, as far as our unknown
friend with the poison pen is concerned.
Listen:

  “Dear Lieutenant Groody:

    “Our mutual friend. Lieutenant Slim Evans,
  wrote me that he had written to you, and that
  we must get together. I presume you know
  that Slim and I own a racehorse between us.

    “In addition, something has come up since I
  last wrote to Slim, which makes it very important
  that I see you. It will be a pleasure, anyhow—
  Slim used to talk a lot about you and the old
  Border Patrol days. Of course you know he’s
  back at McMullen now, and I’m handling our.
  colt, as per usual.

    “We aren’t quartered at the track. I’m point-
  ing Prince Regent for one race—the Special.

  I am at the Bluegrass Farm, less than ten miles
  south of your field. Could you come over this
  afternoon? If you want to fly, there’s space
  enough inside the practise track here for you
  to land. This is a big breeding farm—you
  might enjoy seeing it.

                        Very truly yours,

                      -BUDDY REDFIELD.

 “Now what could that mean?” queried
Groody. “Looks like they needed help
some way.”

  “What the hell could we do to help ’em
push a nag in first under the wire?”
inquired Sparrow Cantoni.

, HE SPOKE in the argot of the
slum streets which had been
the background of (his boyhood.
His eyes were black as night
in his bony face, and there was a world
of sophistication and intelligence glinting
in them. His nose was straight and sharp,

and he usually talked out of the right
corner of his thin mouth. In puttees,
boots, and oil grimed shirt, he looked more
like a jockey than a flyer. His black hair,
highly polished, was parted neatly and
slicked back from his olive face. It was
easy to visualize him, in different clothes,
a sheik of Little Italy.

  Groody removed his helmet and lighted
his cigar leisurely. He felt better, some
way. He realized now that he had been
afraid of what that letter might contain.
Corrigan and Service had drawn sighs of
relief, too. Groody, however, felt almost
as if he had secured a reprieve from some
menacing fate.

  He sat down on the grass. The dozen
or so people started to get into their cars,
group by group.

  “What we could do to help ’em out, I
don’t know,” Groody said, smoothing his
close cropped brown hair. “But it must
be something.”

  “Who is this Slim Evans?” Sparrow
demanded.

  He had joined the Groody Flyers but
recently, and was not a full fledged mem-
ber of the circle formed by Service, Corri-
gan and Groody. He and Reilly, the
mechanic, were still outsiders.

  “Slim’s still in the Army Air Service,
on the Border,” Groody informed him.
“He’s an old friend of Bob’s and mine,
and Tom here knows him slightly, too.
All I know is that when he was stationed
up here at Cook Field, he met an old
friend of his—this Redfield, an ex-jockey.
Together they bought a race horse named
Prince Regent. Turned out a great horse,
too; seems this Redfield’s a wizard as a
trainer. In spite of a bunch of tough
luck, they won some big races with him.
Looks as though this Prince Regent was
poison to any owner. They got him cheap
for some reason, and then went through
hell, as near as I can understand it, to
get the colt a fair break in races. Seems as
though the world ganged up on ’em. May-
be they’re in the same fix now, and I
pinch hit for Slim—”

  “Hello—looks like we’re having com-
pany,” Corrigan interrupted.
156

THOMSON BURTIS

   “One of those ships we saw, I imagine,”
Groody remarked.

  A mangy looking Jenny—low powered
wartime training ship—had scudded into
view, flying low over the rolling hills which
hemmed in the field. It landed easily, and
taxied up to the circus flyers. A burly
figure in breeches, puttees and flannel
shirt got out of the cockpit. He was
flying without a helmet, and had his
goggles pushed up against his mouse
colored, spike-like pompadour.

   Groody’s eyes narrowed until they were
mere lines )f light below his quizzically
arched eyebrows.

•	“For some reason,” he opined, “that
bozo looks familiar to me.”

   The approaching pilot was a giant of a
man—as tall as Groody, and almost as
big bodied as Corrigan. His shirt was
open at the neck, disclosing a bull-like
neck which supported a square, somewhat
battered face. His nose looked almost
like a prizefighter’s, and his jaw was
square and prominent. Two deep wrin-
kles between his brows lent an air of
sullenness to the ensemble, but it was
dissipated by an engaging smile.

   “Hello, George Groody,” he said, while
'he was still fifteen feet away. “I’ll bet
you don’t remember me from Adam.” He
had a high tenor voice which seemed
almost ludicrous as it issued from his
bulldog face.

GROODY uncoiled and got to
his feet. His long legged body
seemed as lean and tough as
rawhide. He was as lithe and
as strong as an uncoiling whip.

   “You’re familiar to me some way,” he
admitted. “But I’ll be damned if I know
from where, or why.”

   “Well, you put me through final combat
training at Issoudun. Then I was with
your squadron at the Front for two
days, before I got mine. Name’s De-
laney . .

  “Oh, sure. Glad to see you again.
Meet the bunch.”

   Delaney’s hazel eyes smiled, as did his
wide, thick lipped mouth, as he shook

hands all around. Tom Service, expert in
appraising human nature, set him down as
a rough diamond. His clothing and face
were grimed with oil and his hands none
too clean, but he had a nice smile. He
and his ship both had a certain run-down-
at-the-heel look.

  Delaney unexpectedly got rid of a chew
of tobacco which he had hidden in one
capacious cheek.

  “In case you boys don’t know it,” he
remarked largely, “this boy, Groody,
besides getting thirteen Germans officially,
was chief combat instructor at Issoudun
for a while. Used to go up in a little
Nieuport for dog fights with us poor birds,
with a cigar just like he’s got now in his
mouth. In about two seconds he’d be on
our tails, and five minutes later, after
we’d looped and dived and spun and
turned until we were so dizzy we were
popping our cakes, we’d look around and
there’d be Groody, squatting on our tail
like some grinning devil.”

  “I heard he was pretty good,” Service
grinned.

  As he looked at his friend, his eyes were
suddenly very soft behind the shielding
glasses.

  “I’m not in the business of spreading
soft soap,” Delaney declared, as he
lighted a cigaret, “but it was the general
opinion in France that there wasn’t any
better in the world.”

  Groody grunted sardonically.

  “That’s taking in a hell of a lot of
territory,” he said. “If true, it wouldn’t
mean anything. All the combat expe-
rience I had ought to have shown for
something. I noticed I got mine from
some German in the end . .

 “After you’d knocked down two
of his friends,” Delaney reminded him,
and then went on. “What the hell are
you doing in the flying circus business,
Groody?”

  “What are you doing galloping around
in a civilian Jenny?” countered Groody.

  “I’m with a three ship passenger carry-
ing outfit—Thompson’s. Just gypsy fly-
ing for a while to pass the time away.
We’re here for the racing crowds. I saw
HANDICAPS

157

you billed all over town as booked for the
Anniversary Exposition, and I nearly
dropped dead. Some classy outfit.
Hawks, huh? Great ships. Wish we
had ’em.”

  He gazed at the planes for a moment.
The spectators had all left. Reilly, a
squat, bowlegged, round faced Irishman,
was emerging from the tent, struggling
under a load of rope and cable and
a pair of parachutes. He threw them
on the ground, preparatory to inspec-
tion.

  “Mechanic, too, huh?” inquired De-
laney. “And four flyers and only two
ships . . .”

  “Tom Service, here, isn’t a flyer,”
Groody informed him. “He’s manager.
He goes on ahead most of the time.
Sparrow Cantoni, we took on recently.
He flies, and if necessary, can double for
most of the circus stunts.”

DELANEY flopped to the
ground, and every one but
Service followed his example.
That chunky gentleman was
arrayed as the lilies of the field, from wing
collar and bow tie, tc polished oxfords.
He did not care to risk staining his blue
serge.

  “You haven’t told me yet how you
happened to be in this circus business,”
Delaney reminded Groody. “That is, if
I ain’t too curious. Wish I’d known it—
I’d struck you for a job.”

  “It’s a long story. When I got out of
the Army a couple of years ago, Tom
Service and I joined up again. He’s an
old friend. He was a major in the Army
Intelligence Service during the war, and
then a Federal secret agent after it. When
I got out of the Army, he had sort of a
private job on, getting the dope on some
crooks with a big carnival. He planted
me with it as a flying attraction. Then
we went down to Texas to see if we
couldn’t get into oil, and met Bob Cor-
rigan down there. Knew him in the
Army, too, and he joined up with us.
Well, we made a lot of dough by accident,
but we put it all into new acreage that

looked, and is still looking, great. But it
needed a hell of a lot of capital to develop
it, see?

  “We came North to get it, and found
out that the only money available was at
such high interest that we might as well
give the skinflints the acreage and let it
go at that. Then Tom and I dug up a
flying circus job with a big ground circus.
Combination of talents. They needed
some detective work done and a business
stimulator besides, and they paid us
money enough to keep the works greased
in Texas. I don’t mind the wing walking
stuff and all that, so we fell for it and got
Bob here to come up from Texas to help
out.

  “After we got through with the show,
we couldn’t figure any other way to raise
enough money. That is, without paying
about thirty per cent, interest and that
stuff. We’ll all be rich out of that tract.
We didn’t want to sell acreage, either.
Wanted to prove it all up, then sell out
to a big company, lock, stock and barrel.
And this circus racket is worth fifteen
hundred a day. So we got a booking here,
and if our stuff is satisfactory, we get a
string of State fairs and what have you—
and can send the required thousand or so
a day down South to keep the wheels
turning.

  “So there you are. A secret service man
managing a flying circus, two Army flyers
and a civilian pilot working in it, and the
whole bunch of us, except Sparrow, damn’
near millionaires on paper, if we can hold
out. Great racket, eh?”

  Those last words were savagely humor-
ous. Sometimes the strain of swinging
that proposition in Texas seemed unbear-
able . . .

  “So that’s the lay,” said Delaney.
“Doing pretty well for yourself, I should
say. Wish I was in your boots—”

  “Say,” interrupted Groody harshly.
“When I can paint those five foot letters
off the side of those ships, and throw that
tackle into the river, and burn the last
damn’ poster that talks about me as
though I was some fat headed actor, and
stay out of the air forever—”
158

THOMSON BURTIS

    He stopped abruptly. Corrigan’s great
 brown eyes were probing into his, and
 Tom Service’s had become so keen that
 they seemed to be stabbing him. Groody
 threw away his cigar with a wide sweep of
 his arm.

   “Don’t mind my raving,” he grinned.
 “I get a lot of fun out of it. I—”

   “Lieutenant!”

    It was Reilly. He never failed to call
 Corrigan and Groody by their Army
 titles.

   “Yeah? What?”

   Groody glanced up at the mechanic.
 He felt taut.

   The roly-poly Irishman seemed to be
 controlling himself with a mighty effort.
 His blue eyes were blazing and he was
 shaking. His voice choked slightly as he
 said—

    “C’mon an’ look at that ladder!”

    The circus flyers looked at one another
 wordlessly. Even Delaney said nothing
 as they walked the few steps to the spot
 where the ladder was strung out along the
 ground. Groody, walking with his cus-
 tomary bent kneed stride, felt that his
 mind was not registering. He had no

•	thoughts—for the moment—only a numb
 expectancy.

    “Look here, sor!”

   The ladder was a narrow one, made of
 heavy wire cable. Its rungs were also
 of cable, but covered with one inch
 pipe.

   Reilly knelt down and grasped the
 length of pipe which covered the bottom
 rung. He pushed it to the left as far as it
 would go. Groody leaned over to see
 better.

    Half an inch from the right end of the
 cross cable, just far enough in to be
 covered by the shielding pipe when it was
 in normal position, the heavy cable had
 been all but filed through. A lesser strain
 than a man’s weight would snap it.

   “Why—why, what the hell?” De-
 laney stammered. “What’s the mean-
 ing . . .”

    “It means,” Groody found himself say-
 ing slowly, “that those letter writers
 meant what they said!”

CHAPTER II

SOMETHING TO THINK ABOUT

FOR a moment no one but Sparrow
Cantoni said anything. He was
cursing steadily and terribly. De-
laney, his mouth open, was looking from
face to face, trying to make sure that it
was all really happening. Groody, cigar
in hand, was looking down at the ladder,
but he scarcely saw it. Instead, he saw
himself crouched on the upper wing of a
ship, leaning against the airstream. That
ladder, trailing from another plane, was
coming toward him. He saw himself
grasp that bottom rung with both hands,
and then swing free from his precarious
perch.

  He shook his head as he felt his heart
bound queerly. It was the feeling a
person had at the climax of a bad dream.
And it was an unaccustomed one for him.

  “We might as well have a council of
war,” he found himself saying.

  With one accord the men dropped to
the ground. Delaney found his tongue.

  “What do you mean—letter writers? Is
this stuff an old story? Lord, Groody,
you’d have been dead as a doornail . . .”

  “Or deader,” agreed Groody. “Tom,
how’s the old secret service working?”

  Service removed his glasses and polished
them absently. His round eyes were like
twin lights, now, and when he spoke there
was a crisp finality about each word which
was entirely foreign to his ordinary almost
lisping speech. Groody always felt a
curious sense of confidence when Tom was
around in an emergency. The chunky
adventurer now looked and acted like the
person he was; a brilliant man who could
speak five languages fluently and had a
mind like a well oiled machine. His body
itself seemed larger—capable of the things
Groody knew it could perform. Service
was the most efficient rough and tumble
fighter the airman had ever seen, and he
had seen a few.

  “By letter writing,” Service said crisply,
“we mean that in the last two weeks
we’ve had two anonymous letters, one
mailed from Chicago and the other from
HANDICAPS

159

New York, warning Groody that it
wouldn’t be good for him to keep on this
circus stuff. Threatened him if he con-
tinued. It was the consensus of opinion
that they were the work of an unbalanced
mind, and meant little. Some crazy chap
who resented Groody for some reason. It
upset us a little, but not importantly. Now
it’s a cinch that somebody who’s keen and
clever and a murderer is at work.”

  “Reilly, did you leave this tent last
night?”

  “No, sor.”

  “Was anybody hanging around at all?”
“No, sor. Sparrow was out here until
around midnight, but thot wuz all. And
I shlept inside the tent on me cot.”

  “When was the last time you inspected
this ladder?” Groody asked.

  “Not since the last toim we used it,
sor—a week ago.” •

  Service nodded.

  “We’ve guarded things pretty closely,
but there’s no use kidding ourselves. It
might have been done sometime in the
past week—that is, there probably have
been short spaces of time when a man
could have slipped in and done it. We’ll
check back on that in a minute. The
question is—who would want to do such
a thing, and why?”

  That was what Groody was wondering.
With his lean length stretched out on the
ground and his long eyes mere slits in his
mahogany face, he looked like a brooding
eagle. He was conscious of jumping
nerves. Strange, bright sunshine, a great
city only a few miles away—and he was
feeling like a condemned man. Nerves . . .

  “Say, George!” Delaney put in excit-
edly. “You aren’t hep to any other flying
outfit that’s got a grudge against you, or
that was after this fifteen hundred a day
contract, are you? Somebody that might
think if they put you out of the way their
own outfit would get it—”

  “No,” Service said crisply. “Not a one
of us is acquainted with any other circus
flying outfit, and so far as we know, there’s
none in this section. I’ll check up with
the exposition committee, though, and
find out whether anybody’s been after them

to get our job, either before or after we got
on the scene. The police can tend to that.”
“If it ain’t that, what could it be?” said
Sparrow Cantoni.

  “Might be any one of two things,”
Service said incisively. Groody was just
listening. He did not want to talk, some-
how. “In the first place, Groody and I,
over the past twelve years, have individu-
ally and collectively been in places, had
experiences, and been in businesses which
have made us a lot of enemies. Some
of ’em—”

  “Would be capable of anything,” Cor-
rigan nodded.

  “Exactly. In the second place, it might
be just a nut, but that doesn’t seem
probable.”

  “Bringing it down to the work of an
enemy—some criminal or other—getting
revenge. If his object was to murder
Groody, why would he have written warn-
ing letters? Giving Groody a chance to
quit before he was killed?”

  “Keep him from makin’ the jack!” sug-
gested Cantoni.

  The little flyer’s fingers were twisting
together, and his foot was tapping cease-
lessly.

  “The only reason I could think of, too.
However, Groody doesn’t quit, so the
unknown goes to murder—which doesn’t
hang together. Before trying murder,
why wouldn’t the man do something mild
like set fire to the ships, if keeping Groody
from working was his only motive?”

  “Or, taking the rival flying circus
theory,” Corrigan pointed out. “Why
wouldn’t they do the same thing, before
going to murder? You don’t have to kill
an acrobat to keep the act from going on.”
Groody sat up. He must snap out of it.
Suddenly the old jeering smile was on his
face, and his eyes were gleaming with
something of the old fire.

        “TOM, just what the hell do
you think is the most logical
explanation?” he demanded.
“Something that’ll account for
those letters, and this thing here?”

  The flyer felt as though he could see
160

THOMSON BURTIS

Service’s mind racing along underneath
his blond pompadour.

  “I believe that there is behind it a dis-
arranged mind of the same type as most
poison pen writers, kidnappers, and the
like. I believe that he would undoubtedly
murder if it became necessary. Whether
he is an enemy of yours or not, from the
past, we can’t say, but I’m inclined to
think that a tenable theory. I believe
that the letters can be explained by the
very premise I mentioned—a disarranged
or unbalanced mind. There’ve been a
million cases of a similar type of intellect
which writes letters, leaves a certain mark
after each crime, takes a high sounding
name for himself . . . You know.”

  “Well, we’d better see the police,” Cor-
rigan stated, “and pronto. This stuff has
got to be guarded to a fare-thee-well, of
course.”

  The big fellow glanced over at Groody.
Groody felt his gaze and met it fairly. He
found Tom looking at him, too. Why,
the whole bunch were staring at him.

  “What’s the matter? Am I raising a
wart?” he demanded.

  “Listen, George,” Service said crisply.
“Why don’t the whole bunch of us take
a layoff and throw up this damn’ con-
tract?”

  “What do you mean?” Groody asked
him, taking out another cigar.

  “We mean,” Corrigan said bluntly,
“how’s your nerve?”

  “I guess it’s in good health.”

  “The hell it is! You’d be inhuman if it
was, and you know it.”

  That was Bob Corrigan, Groody re-
flected. Never had he known a man with
such hatred for hypocrisy or lying. The
shaggy headed giant stripped any proposi-
tion or problem to its bare essentials,
showed it naked to the world, and then
drove home the truth. No consideration
of politeness, civility, or soft heartedness
ever kept Corrigan from laying his cards
on the table.

  “Listen here,” Corrigan went on.
“What’s the use of kidding ourselves,
Tom? George here, for the past six
months, has been doing this damn’ aerial

daredevil stuff. It’s getting him, and it
ought to get him. George, you’re as
nervous as a witch, and it’s a wonder to
me you’re not cuckoo.”

  “You’re doing it for that oil acreage in
Texas. Tom and I aren’t doing a damn’
thing. I was worried about it before all
this happened. Now, by God, I say to
hell with the damn’ oil, and take a rest!
Why kid yourself, George? You were just
one jump ahead of having no nerves at all,
even before that wreck came along, and—”

  “Have a bad crash?” Delaney inter-
rupted quickly.

  “I’ll say he did,” Corrigan replied.

  “Circus stuff?”

  “No—that was the hell of it,” Groody
said slowly. How he wished he could
forget it . . .

  “He was taking a friend of his—an
ex-flyer named Harwell, in Columbus—
for a joyride a couple of weeks ago,” Cor-
rigan explained. “Forced landing, rough
field, ship did a somersault and squashed
down upside down. When we pulled ’em
out Groody was knocked out and Harwell
was dead.”

  “And his bride had been watching the
flight,” put in Groody quietly.

  “Lord,” Delaney breathed, and there
was honest sympathy in his eyes as they
rested on Groody.

  “You’ll be stark, staring mad if you
don’t lay off this stunt flying for a while,”
Corrigan said flatly. “Give yourself a
chance, George.”

  Groody chewed on his cigar, his mouth
stretched into a bleak grin.

  “Bob’s right, old-timer,” Service said
gently.

  “The hell he is,” Groody stated. “If I
was losing my nerve the only way to get
it back would be to carry on, anyhow—”

  “That’s the bunk,” Corrigan inter-
rupted harshly.

  “Sure it is,” Delaney put in. He had
been listening with absorbed attention.
“You’ve got to be yourself when you’re
playing around on wings and ladders,
George.”

  “Listen, boys and girls,” Groody said
slowly.
HANDICAPS

161

  He had been formulating his thoughts.
He would like to lay off. He dreaded the
next day. Formerly there had been in his
hazardous tasks a temporary satisfaction
of some ferocious hunger in him which he
could not quite label accurately himself.
Something like the savage delight a man
took in a good knockdown fight. Sure of
himself, his nerve, and his physical
strength and coordination, any fear he
might have had had been half pleasant
excitement.

  “This seems to be an experience meet-
ing,” he went on mockingly. “And we
might as well lay our cards on the table.
I am fed up, but I’m no cripple. In
another two months we make or break in
Texas. We need dough bad. And I, for
one, am going to have some for the first
time in my life. A few nut letters and
this sabotage stuff aren’t going to turn
me back, either. We can inspect before
we go up, can’t we? Have police protec-
tion and all, can’t we?

  “Listen, Tom. You, too, Corrigan.
The three of us have been batting around
all over the known world for years. Tom
and I have never had a dime since we
started. I’m getting to the point where I
want a few nickels in my sock in case I
feel like joining another revolution or
something. Plenty of nickels. And, by
Harry, a little old woman stuff inside me,
and the rest of it, isn’t going to turn me
back!”

FROM Reilly to Delaney, they
argued with him. He remained
adamant. In the back of his
head he was thinking and won-
dering. All his life he had sought for
some elusive thing which he had never
been able to find. It was always just
around the corner. What he wanted now
was bound up, some way, with his present
condition. Money, power in the oilfields,
adventure . . .

  “Listen, the three of you,” he said
finally. “Don’t you get the point? Here
we are, over thirty, the bunch of us. In
the past we may have all been big. Now
we’re gypsy flyers—taking a shot at the

moon. And it’s time the bunch of us got
hold of some of the cheese, too. Hell,
Tom, we’ll never have another such
chance. We make or break, in a big way,
in the next two months. Forty thousand
more and we’re set. And you think I’ll
lay off?”

  “O.K, big boy,” Service said crisply.
The entire group relaxed, and the
strain was over.

  “Sparrow, hike for Covington, tell the
police the yarn, and tell ’em that we’ll
be here when they send cops out. Inquire
about having at least one cop on guard
all the time. I’ll tend to the Cincinnati
police myself.”

  “Right. I don’t know what good them
flat feet’ll be anyhow,” remarked Spar-
row, whose contempt for all police was
sublime.

  He hopped into the hired flivver which
was a feature of the camp equipment, and
departed.

  “Delaney, would you mind strolling a
little distance away for a second?”
Service asked him. “There’s a little matter
which it wouldn’t be fair to mention in
front of you.”

  “Sure. I hope it’s something that’ll
persuade George here to lay off, though.
I ain’t seen you for a long time, George,
but I’ll be damned if I’d enjoy meeting
you dead!”

  He strode over to the ships, well out
of earshot, and started to inspect them.

  “Seems like a good egg,” Reilly re-
marked. “Them passenger carryin’ ships
are sure a fleabitten outfit, though. No
wonder they ain’t doin’ much.”

  “Listen, Reilly,” Service said, his eyes
boring into the mechanic’s. “In the light
of this ladder here, have you ever noticed
anything suspicious about the actions of
Sparrow Cantoni?”

  “Huh?” gaped the startled Irishman.
He removed his battered cap and gazed
at Service in stunned surprise. He
scratched his bald head, and his pug nose
wrinkled with emotion. Groody’s eyes
were on Service. Tom’s eyes were gleam-
ing through his horn rimmed spectacles
Jike an owl’s at night. When Tom was
162

THOMSON BURTIS^

on a trail every fiber of him became
vitalized, always. His mind would not
leave the problem for so much as a waking
minute until it was solved.

  “Ever seen him fooling with the rigging
or anything? Was he spending much
time in the tent alone last night?” Service
went on.

  “I’ll be damned,” Groody breathed to
himself.

  “Why—why, yes, sor,” Reilly stam-
mered finally. “Come t’ think of it, Oi
did see him foolin’ with the ladder. And he
was inside, whistlin’ away fur some toime.
But honest, sor, Sparrow wouldn’t—”

  “Never mind. I don’t think he would
either. Three quarters of the criminals in
the world, except the habitual ones, you
wouldn’t figure to have the possibilities
they do.”

  “What’s on your mind?” demanded
Corrigan.

  “Just this. It seems to me that this
might more logically be an inside job—
this ladder business. You and I and
Groody are out of it. So is Reilly. Lucky
it was you who found the break in the
ladder, Reilly, or we’d be following your
trail. That leaves Sparrow.

 “What do we know about him? A
mechanic with a good record in the Air
Service, in spite of a few court martials.
A whale of a good flyer. He came up to
us for a job; we needed a pilot, tried him
out, gave it to him, and he’s been a good
and faithful pilot.

  “What else do we know? That he was
born in the Little Italy of New York, that
he is familiar with every gangster, racket
and dive in the city, and that he’s as tough
and hardboiled a little wop as ever roamed
the streets of a big city.”

  “But listen, sor!” pleaded Reilly,
anguish in his blue eyes. “I been around
a lot with Sparrow—you know that.
W e’ve got to be pals. Honest, sor, he
worships the ground Lieutenant Groody
walks on. He’s told me a thousand
stories about what he heard about the
lieutenant in France, and he Aggers him
as the best flyer and best guy in the world.
Honest, sor—”

  “Sparrow Cantoni worshipping any-
body, least of all, me, is applesauce,”
Groody said.

  “It isn’t,” Corrigan said flatly. “I’ve
noticed the same thing myself. When
you kid the little egg in that hardboiled
way of yours he gets a look like a petted
dog.”

  “That’s a comedy knockout in itself.
That little sucker has a piece of rock for
a heart!”

  “Maybe so,” Corrigan said doggedly.
“But a guy like him has his heroes,
whether they’re the heavyweight champ
or the best gunman, or Mussolini, and I
believe Reilly’s right when he says that
the little rat looks up to you. Maybe his
admiration isn’t great enough to stand in
the way of his making a piece of change—”

  “Exactly,” Service cut in crisply. “In
any event, we would be fools to overlook
the possibility. And there are two possible
motives.”

HE WAS driving ahead with
the effect of inevitability which
Groody always felt in him. It
seemed to him that no barrier
of deception could withstand the ceaseless
battering of Service’s mind.

  “The first is that some enemies of
Groody’s, or mine, are willing to pay big
money to have a job done to us, and hired
Sparrow for the purpose. Better to bump
us off flying than take the slightest chance
on a bullet. Sparrow may be a pro-
fessional gunman for all we know. As far
as enemies go, between my Government
work, Groody’s work on the Border
Patrol, and our combined services with
that circus mess and other things, we’ve
accounted for enough powerful criminals
to make it far from an impossibility that
big money might be spent to get rid of us.
A man stews in jail for a while, and he’s
pretty apt to come out with murder in
his heart. That’s item one.”

  He took off his glasses, polishing them
absently.

  “The second one would be him as an
individual. He’s crazy to do the same
stuff that Groody’s doing.”
HANDICAPS

163

  “Exactly,” snapped Groody
He sat up tensely. He was feeling
better. As a vague menace changed
slowly to a very possible reality before his
eyes, a part of the shadow over his spirit
lightened. A definite thing to fight made
life more attractive.

  “I hate to be steaming in a fog,” he
went on. “Maybe we’re doing Sparrow
an injustice—I like the little geezer, as a
matter of fact—but then, again, maybe
we’re not.”

  “What do you mean about his wanting
to do the stuff Groody does?” Corrigan
asked.

  “Just that. You know it. He wants
to wingwalk and all that stuff,” Groody
replied. “Always begging'to.”

  “And we can’t let him, because we
guarantee to show ’em a man with thirteen
German planes to his credit,” Service put
in. “If something should happen to
Groody, Sparrow would be the man—at
commensurate pay. He knows we’re
gambling for fortunes in Texas. Is there
anything to keep him from sitting down
and figuring a way to cut in on our gold
mine?”

  Corrigan shook his head. Reilly was
staring miserably at the ground.

  “And far be it from anybody here to
say that Sparrow’s absolutely incapable of
going to the length of framing Groody—”
“But fur murder, sor!” Reilly inter-
rupted heatedly. “Maybe fur injury or
somethin’; but the man thot done this
was up t’ murder!”

  “I know. Let’s not get off our base,”
Tom said tersely. “This is a fact. We
must suspect Sparrow, innocent or guilty,
and act accordingly. He very possibly
is in the pay of the enemy, or shooting
for a fortune on his own.”

  There was a moment of silence. Reilly’s
face reflected resentful sorrow as he stared
at the ground. Groody slowly removed
the cigar from his lips. One corner of his
mouth drooped.

  “For a minute I felt as though I had
my teeth in something, and I felt better,”
he remarked. “But I just thought of
something. A detail, as it were.

  “If Sparrow was out to get me, for his
own or other people’s purposes, he doesn’t
need to do much sneaking around on the
ground.”

  “Meaning?” snapped Tom.

   “A little accident in the air . . .”
Groody’s voice trailed off as his eyes
met the three pairs which were staring at
him. Corrigan got to his feet as though
he had made a decision.

  “That settles it!” he said harshly. “Of
course you’re right. You’re making a
ship to ship change by a ladder, we’ll say.
Just a little dip of the plane, a supposed
bump—anything—and you’re sunk. Boys,
we call off everything, or else we get
another pilot.”

  “Wait a minute, big boy,” Groody
advised him. He, too, got to his feet and
stalked up and down.

  “Listen,” he said finally. “We’ve got
to go through this, one way or another,
for the dough and the future contracts.
In the second place, if Sparrow’s our man,
the only way to catch him is to lay a trap,
and watch. It’ll be a little inconvenient
for me, but it can be done.

  “If I’m on guard, he can’t hurt me.
Take that ship-to-ship change. Instead
of me being on the wing of Sparrow’s
ship, and you flying the ladder, Bob, wo
just reverse, see? Let him fly the ladder.
Then I don’t leave your ship until I have
a damn’ good hold on that ladder. He
can’t hurt me then, unless he started
stunting or something and committed
murder in front of forty thousand people’s
eyes!”

  “Hell, Groody,” Corrigan exploded
hotly. “I won’t let you do it, under-
stand? Why, damn it . . .”

  “Sure you will,” Groody told him,
tight lipped. “It won’t be so pleasant,
maybe, but there shouldn’t be too much
danger. And that’s the way to get the
dope, I tell you.”

  Corrigan gazed at the ground sullenly.
Service’s eyes were boring into Groody’s.
George felt as though Tom knew exactly
the way he felt. He was nervous and
jumpy, stale and next door to being
yellow. If it was not for something funda-
164

THOMSON BURTIS

mental—a prize which seemed infinitely
desirable at the end of the road—he would
be so happy to quit for a while that right
then the mere thought seemed like a vista
of paradise.

  “Figure you’re up to it, George?” Tom
asked quietly.

  “Sure.”

  “Then it’s the best known method to
catch Sparrow, if he can be caught,”
Service said. “He’ll fly right into the net,
one way or another, if we leave him free
enough. So I vote, if George is O.K., to
let things go along, taking every pre-
caution.

   “It may be a tough strain for a flight or
two—but it may save us weeks of worry.
A man’s got to go to a dentist if he wants
to save himself weeks of pain. I wish to
Heaven I was the nerve that was going
to be bored at, and so do you, Bob, but
Groody’s got the job.”

  Suddenly the stocky adventurer’s round
face became bleak and cruel. His mouth
was like a cut across his face, and he bit
off his words as he said:

  “But if and when we catch the man.
Sparrow or no Sparrow, he may not have
a chance to be a free boarder at some jail.
Not if I get ten minutes alone with him!”

CHAPTER III

THOROUGHBREDS

EN MINUTES later Delaney came
wandering back.

  “I didn’t notice that before,” he
remarked, gesturing toward the ships.
“You got those ships all wired for little
electric lights around the edges of the
wings, ain’t you?”

  “Uh, huh.” Groody nodded. “That’s
for night exhibitions. Takes Reilly here
a couple of hours to get ’em fixed.

   “Well, boys and girls, we’re all set, eh?
Tom, you’re going to town? I guess I’d
better go over and see this Redfield guy.
Gosh, it’d be hard to take if we cleaned
up enough on a horserace to throw this
damn’ circus business into the ash can,
wouldn’t it? Want to go along, Bob?”

   “I’d better stay here.”

  “Certainly,” agreed Service. “I’ll see
the police, talk to the fair people, and see
what can be found out and what can be
done about it all. The exposition birds
won’t want anything to happen to us—I
guess we’ll be able to get cooperation all
right.”

  “Where you going?” Delaney asked in
his high voice.

   “Over to see the owner of a horse that’s
going to race Saturday,” Groody ex-
plained. “Friend of mine owns half the
colt, and this bird Redfield, his trainer,
the other half.”

  “Figuring on a killing?” Delaney asked
eagerly.

  “Don’t know, yet.”

   “Say, George, let me go along, will you?
I’d love to get in on a good thing.”

  Those last words were said so sincerely
that the lanky flyer had trouble repressing
a grin. For a second Delaney stared at
the ground, his bulldog face dark and
brooding.

  “Probably he and his outfit are dead
broke,” Groody thought.

  For a moment he hesitated. Delaney
was certainly moving in, he reflected. He
was already calling Groody, George, and
the fact that he took a good deal of satis-
faction in being intimate with the circus
flyers, particularly Groody himself, was as
evident as the fact that he was shabby
and probably penniless.

  “Sure,” Groody said finally. “Come
along. Crank up No. 1, Reilly, and warm
her, will you?”

  Five minutes later Groody, another
unlighted cigar in his mouth, was easing
the Hawk off the ground. He was tense
and uncomfortable until the hills had been
cleared and he had turned back into a
position to land on the field if the motor
cut out. Flying of any kind was an
ordeal for him, and there was not one
iota of pleasure in it.

  He hurtled along above the low rolling
slopes which merged into real mountains
a few miles southward. The eight cylinder
Wright roared along smoothly, and at
fifteen hundred revolutions it carried the
HANDICAPS

165

sturdy Hawk through the air at close to a
hundred and thirty miles an hour. It was
a good ship, Groody reflected. Landing
speed scarcely more than forty-eight miles
an hour, and built so sturdily that no
amount of stunting could hurt it.

  He was sweeping the half wooded, half
cleared terrain with narrowed eyes. How
would he know the breeding farm if there
was more than one? They should be
close to it now.

  There it was. As they swept across
the ridge of sizable hills, it lay beneath
them—snowy barns, a half mile oval
track and a dozen pastures in which mares
with their foals were grazing peacefully.
Around the barns negroes were moving
languidly, and here and there a horse was
being worked on.

  As the ship, motor cut, circled down-
ward, a good many of the high strung
horses used it as an excuse to kick up their
heels and get a bit of exercise. As Groody
dropped the Hawk across the low white
fence around the track, he saw a con-
certed movement of galvanized negroes
from the stables. They poured over the
fence in a black wave, and by the time the
ship had come to a stop they were sur-
rounding it like flies.

  Groody cut off the gas and vaulted to
the ground. A short man, so stocky that
he might be called portly, pushed his way
through the chuckling, somewhat awed
darkies.

  “George Groody?” he asked in a slow
drawl. “I’m Buddy Redfield.”

  As Groody shook hands and introduced
Delaney, he was appraising the former
jockey who, Slim had said, could be
trusted to the limit. Redfield’s face was
as round as a full moon, and almost
lineless. He was very brown, and when
he smiled he looked positively cherubic.
Warm brown eyes smiled with his mouth.

  “Maybe he was little once, but he out-
weighs me now,” Groody reflected. “Those
jockey shoulders and arms, though, tell
the tale.”

  And they did. Redfield’s shoulders
were thick and strong, and his forearms
were positively huge. He was dressed in

riding breeches, a white shirt with rolled
sleeves and collar open at the neck, and a
leghorn hat with the brim turned down
all the way around, shading his curiously
boyish face. If the exigencies of making
weight had ever weazened his face and
stunted his body back in the old riding
days, there were no signs of them now.

  “I’m sure glad to see you,” Redfield
was saying smilingly. “Slim and I’ve had
a lot of correspondence about you. It’s
cost more for telegrams in the last three
days than it has to feed Prince Regent.”
“Well, what’s the lay?” Groody de-
manded. “Wait a minute. Get one of
these boys that’s reliable to guard this
ship, will you? I don’t want these babies
to swarm all over her.”

  “Two Spot! If you let one of these boys
touch the plant I’m sure going to tan you
till you’re white!”

  “Har! Har! Har!” came a hilarious
chuckle, and a bandylegged little negro
waddled out of the mass.

  “That’s our stable jockey,” grinned
Redfield. “The only rider on earth that
can make Prince Regent run. All Two
Spot’s done, in spite of the white boys, is
win the International Match Race, the
Belleview Handicap, the Latonia Special
last year, and a few other odd stakes.”

        “HE MUST be king of the
Kentucky colored kingdom,”
Kgjjllfig Groody remarked, and Red-
field chuckled his assent.

  “And how he loves it.”

  As they drifted away from the ship, it was
easy to see that Two Spot was a diminu-
tive black monarch, as befitted a jockey
whose name had adorned the headlines
of the sporting world on three separate
occasions.

  “Your letter was received and contents
noted,” said Groody. “My ears are waving
in the breeze to catch what you say.”
Redfield grinned, his eyes flickering
toward Delaney with an unasked ques-
tion in them. Groody turned to the burly
pilot.

  “Don’t get sore, but Redfield and I
have some private business. I won’t hold
166

THOMSON BURTIS

out on you if there’s dough to be
made . .

  “Sure. I understand. I’ll sit on the
fence down here a piece.”

  He was so eager to please that it was
almost pitiful. He took a seat on the
fence rail out of earshot of Groody and
Redfield.

  “Well,” Redfield began in his soft
drawl. “How much do you know about
Slim and me as owners of a one horse
stable?”

  “Nothing. Wait till I set fire to this
cigar, and shoot the works.”

  “It’s like this,” Redfield resumed, push-
ing his hat down over his eyes. “Three
years ago I ran into our horse. He was
then an outlaw—nobody could handle
him. He’d been ill treated, I guess, until
he was scared of men. That was Prince
Regent, not worth a dime on a racetrack,
just coming three years old, and he was
by Rex out of the Dowager, by Re-
demption.”

  As he gave that pedigree it seemed that
he was speaking in respectful awe of
royalty.

  “What am I supposed to do—stand in
silent prayer?” demanded Groody with a
grin.

  Redfield chuckled.

  “No. But anyhow, that’s bred to the
purple of horseflesh. Bred for speed and
stamina and heart. Anyway, I found out
that Prince Regent trusted me. I could
buy him for a song. So I hunted for boys
that the Prince wouldn’t rear back at,
snorting and sweating, and try to kill out
of sheer fear. And I found little Two Spot
Jackson, just a stable boy.

  “I had a little money. Slim and I were
friends. He had some. We bought the
Prince on a gamble. To make a long story
short, in the next two years we won three
of the greatest stakes on the American
track, with me training him and little
Two Spot bringing him home. We had
to fight crooked gamblers twice, and there
were a lot of heartbreaks, but we came
through. First year it was my wife’s
uncle by marriage—a crooked horseman
named Kin Beaseley who hated me from

my jockey days when I refused to ‘puli’
a horse for him. Another was a big New
York ring. We were meat for ’em, be-
cause Prince Regent was a horse to be got
rid of. When he’s right, there isn’t, and
hasn’t been since Man 0’ War, a colt that
could beat him at any distance from six
furlongs to two miles.”

  “That’s taking in plenty of territory,”
Groody grunted.

  “It’s the simple truth,” Redfield said
quietly, but there was unutterable pride
in his voice.

  “Slim and I,” he resumed, “had around
seventy-five thousand apiece, net, at the
end of last season. Then we put Prince
Regent in the Young Handicap at Empire
City for a last race. He was odds on
favorite. We bet a large and luscious
chunk on him, all over the country.

  “He went bad in the race, finished third
on three legs. We went almost broke, and
nobody figured that he’d ever be able to
race again. We’ve had him here a year,
me putting in full time on him. Had him
at stud a little, which brought in some
dough.

  “Anyhow, as far as I can see, or any-
body else, he’s O.K. again, and training
soundly. But you never can tell when a
horse’s legs go bad. I believe he’s sound
as a dollar. His gallops look great every
morning. But Slim and I, between us,
haven’t got five thousand dollars to our
names. I’ve got a house in Lexington,
but Slim—”

  “Hell, he probably hasn’t got an extra
uniform,” Groody stated.

  Redfield grinned.

  “If he has, it’s an accident,” he ad-
mitted. “His spending makes a Broad-
way butter and egg man look like a
miser from Kankakee. Anyway, that’s
the situation today. Follow racing at
all?”

  “I used to be a nut on it, but lately
I haven’t had a chance to follow it at all.
I know horses, but I don’t know the names
of the stake winners since three or four
years ago. Why?”

  “Read anything about the Latonia
Special next Saturday?”
HANDICAPS

167

  “Seems to me I’ve seen some newspaper
headlines or something.”

  “You probably have. From now until
next Saturday you’ll see plenty on the
sporting pages, and on Saturday you’ll
see it all over the front pages. Anyhow,
Colonel Winfield, head of the Jockey
Club, is staging another one of his Spe-
cials—bringing the leading horses from
all over the country together for a $50,000
purse. Champs of the East, the winter
tracks, and Tia Juana are here, or will be,
for that race. And that’s the race I’m
figuring on for Prince Regent’s come-
back.”

  “And the general idea is for me to put
up a lot of dough to bet, eh?”

  Redfield nodded. For a moment his
candid brown eyes searched the narrow
gray ones which were glinting down at
him. Groody, again, was appraising
Buddy Redfield with attempted cynicism
which, somehow, would not come off.

“SLIM and I figured, if you
were making a lot of money, we
might make an arrangement,”
Buddy said quietly. “I’ll know
the day of the race whether Prince Regent
is right or not. Right, the bet is a lead
pipe cinch, unless his leg goes bad again.
If there’s the slightest doubt, we don’t bet.
He’ll be at good odds, in spite of the fact
that he’s been national champion two
years. Everybody knows he hasn’t raced
for a year, which is bad for a horse’s form
on the first few races. Everybody knows
his leg went wrong once, and may very
possibly go wrong again. In the third
place, seventy-five per cent, of the horses
in the race will have backers, anyhow.
They’re champs. Kentucky’ll go down
hook, line and sinker on the Braden
horses. Those Eastern betters’ll pile in
so much coin on the Whitney entry and
Go Way, the' Saratoga Cup winner, that
it’ll be a shame. And the dope I get is
that a bunch of California sports—motion
picture stars and that bunch—are sending
two hundred thousand East to bet on
Juniper June, Barney Hutchinson’s filly.
Others’ll have backers, because they’re all

good. I can’t see less than four to one on
Prince Regent in the mutuals.”

  For a moment Groody was silent. That
would be forty thousand dollars on a ten
thousand dollar bet—and he could kiss
the flying circus business goodby.

  “What was your idea of the sharing
terms?” he enquired.

  “It isn’t just that,” Redfield told him.
“I figured it would be better if you bought
an interest in Prince Regent. We use
that money to bet with. If the horse
wins, you and I and Slim divide equally.
Purse and winnings. That is, if you’ve
got the money to buy one third interest.”
“How much do you figure he’s worth?”
“Before he went bad, we turned down
a hundred thousand dollars. Figured him
worth a hundred and fifty. If he never
wins another race, his breeding and record
make him good for a stud fee of fifteen
hundred, at the very least. Man O’ War
gets two and a half grand.”

  “But it would take years to get the
money back,” Groody ruminated. “On
the other hand, if he wins, it’s seventeen
thousand from the purse, and enough to
take an overnight profit on the whole deal
from bets. If he wins . .

  “On that proposition,” Redfield said
quietly, “there’s something else to figure.
Any horseman—in fact, every newspaper
you read from now to the day of the race—
will admit that Prince Regent was the
best horse in the world. The question is,
what is he now?”

  “Which is a large inquiry,” Groody said.
“I’ll know when he comes to the pad-
dock what he is. I’ve decided, this
morning, that he needs a tightener for the
big race. So I’m sticking him in an over-
night handicap at the track on Wednes-
day. There’ll be several candidates for
the Special getting a prep for the big race.
Prince Regent won’t win, probably, be-
cause I’m not going to have Two Spot
ride him, and he never would run for
another rider. Gets scared and nervous
and mean.”

  “Why not Two Spot?”

  “Because I won’t take a chance on
anything happening to him. White boys
168

THOMSON BURTIS

gang up on a darkie. Anything might
happen. And if Two Spot shouldn’t be
able to ride Special, we might just as well
be without Prince Regent.

  “Anyhow, between that race and the
end of the week, I’ll know. If the Prince’s
legs stand up in that race, he’s O.K.
probably. His form I can’t be fooled on,
because he’s honest and no morning
glory.”

  “I buy the share in the horse the day
of the race if you say the word, is that
it?”

  “Right.”

  “Was that what—the only thing, I
mean—that you referred to in your letter
to me?”

  “No. This whole scheme was figured
out by Slim and myself as a means for us
all to make a lot of money, before you got
here. The letter was about that same
Kin Beaseley that I mentioned before.”
“Huh?” grunted the surprised Groody.
“Hell, where do I come in?”

  “I don’t know,” admitted Redfield. “I
guess I just want moral support or some-
thing. I’m scared of him. Slim and I
beat him once—and had him ruled off the
track for life. He can’t get into a race
track, even, to say nothing of running
horses. He’s my wife’s uncle by marriage,
as I said.”

  “Funny situation,” Groody remarked.
“Hell, what can he do to you if he can’t
get into a track?”

  “Nothing, probably,” Redfield said.
“But two or three days ago I got a letter
from Mary, my wife, saying she’d seen
the old crook, that he was pitifully down
and out, and asking me to forgive him and
help him make a little dough. He’s com-
ing here to see me some day this week.

  “He raced horses just to make crooked
money. He used batteries, framed races,
doped ’em, sponged the other horses,
bribed jocks—everything a crooked gam-
bler could think of.

  “The point is this. He gives this sob
story to my wife. He wants to see me.
And I get a rumor—just a rumor—from a
friend of mine, that he’s secretly interested
in two little stables racing around—one

called the Wildflower and the other the
string trained by One Eyed Farbell.”

  “It’s just a rumor, you say?”

        “UH HUH. But I got curious
about old Kin. I hate him,
^»|Ti| but still and all I wouldn’t want
even Mary’s uncle by marriage
to starve to death if I could help him
along a little. Kin used to own a gambling
house in Louisville. When Slim and I
spoiled a crooked racetrack coup in
Louisville a couple of years ago, we just
about cleaned him for his wad, I knew.
It was said then that he’d sold the house
because he didn’t have and couldn’t get
capital enough for the house bankroll. It
was one of those lay-’em-or-take-’em crap
layouts. Anyhow, I got a letter yesterday
from a friend of mine in Louisville, saying
that it was no cinch that Kin didn’t still
own that house, although he might have
taken in partners.”

  “All of which,” Groody ruminated,
“means that you’re not sure that Bease-
ley’s sob story isn’t just a lot of apple-
sauce.”

  “Exactly,” nodded the little horseman
quietly. “Then, in this morning’s paper,
I see an item which has got me all haired
up.”

  “Such as?”

  “That the Wildflower Stable, with Slim
Casey, trainer, and One Eyed Farbell
have each entered a horse in the Special.”
“Oho!” grunted Groody. “But still,
what of it? Even if Beaseley does own
a share . . .”

  “Well, one thing about it that might
strike your eye,” Redfield drawled with a
sudden sunny smile, “is that the horses
they’ve entered are two of the worst
pieces of crowbait that were ever fed
heroin to get a stable feed money in a dog
race!”

  “And they’re entered against the class
of the country.”

  “At a fee of a hundred to enter, and
four hundred more to start.”

  Groody drew in on his cigar.

  “Neither horse has a chance?”

  “Not a chance, except for a miracle.
HANDICAPS

169

The Wildflower Stable entered Peggy B,
a little sprinting filly that folds up after
,six furlongs and couldn’t beat 1:18 if she
was chased by a lion. One Eye’s got
Champ in there. Champ was one of the
best two year olds that ever ran, but then
he went bad, proved to be a quitter at the
long distances, and for the last two years
has won about two selling plater races a
year when they can get him off in front,
and whip him all the way around. If
another horse looks him in the eye he’s
beat. If Champ was in his best form, up
to his two year old promise, he might
have a chance to finish third if all the
other horses in the Special fell down or
jumped the fence.”

   “You’re figuring on just which?”
 Buddy smiled, as though half ashamed
 of himself.

  “Knowing Kin as I do, and likewise
those two stables, I got to thinking some-
thing like this. Suppose Kin did have
some money, and owned a share in those
stables. Suppose he figured on putting
something over in the Special. His own
horses haven’t got a chance. But they
might do him some good in knocking the
favorite out of the purse by bumping or
something. What he’d have in his mind,
though, I couldn’t say for sure. Anyway,
though, he knows Prince Regent. He
knows if the Prince is right he’ll win. So
Kin pulls his sob stuff to get in my good
graces, get information about the
Prince ...”

   “Well, that seems not so unusual. I
can’t blame him.”

  “Sure. But I know Kin, of course,
hates me like hell. I feel he’s up to some-
thing. And that something isn’t just a
bet on Prince Regent if I tell him the
Prince is right. It’s a crooked manipula-
tion that he’ll make a lot of dough on . . .

   “Speak of the devil . . . There’s the
 old buzzard now!”

   Down near the barns a stocky figure
had emerged through the gate to the
track. Groody’s eyes dwelt on it with a
lot of interest.

  Beaseley walked with slow, short
strides. He was short, and so bulky that

his body seemed square. Groody noticed

his clothes, first.

  “He don’t look very prosperous,” he
remarked.

  “He’d wear overalls if he was a mil-
lionaire,” Redfield told him.

  Beaseley was arrayed in baggy, spotted
blue pants, a shabby vest of a different
color from his suit, and a dirty standup
collar, a size too large for him. His
battered felt hat was pushed back from
a square face which might have been
hewn out of granite, and then damaged
by the elements.

  As he came closer, Groody’s dislike for
him grew. The man’s light gray eyes,
shielded partially by heavily drooping
lids, were basilisk-like. They protruded
from his face, with no more expression in
them than the eyes of an idol. The face
was like a harsh mask.

  “ ’Lo, Buddy, ’’Beaseley said calmly. “I
don’t suppose you’re glad t’ see me.”

  “No, I’m not, Kin.”

  Groody gazed at Redfield curiously.
The serene little horseman, who had
fairly radiated warmth and geniality, now
seemed to have chilled. That round
boyish face showed lines as the mouth
thinned and the jaw came forward, and
the brown eyes were not glowing and
twinkling, but turbulent.

  “Heard from Mary?” Beaseley asked.

  His eyes turned slowly toward Groody
under their drooping lids.

  “This is Lieutenant Groody,” Redfield
told him. “He’s bought a share in Prince
Regent.”

  Groody, realizing that Redfield had a
purpose in this announcement, said
nothing.

  “Yeah?” Beaseley said in his deep bass.
“The Prince must be lookin’ good then,
eh?”

  He leaned against the fence as Groody
thought swiftly:

  “Redfield made a mistake there! If he
wants to keep the horse’s condition a
secret, that is—”

  “Hell, no,” Redfield said casually. “We
don’t even know yet ourselves. Slim
Evans and I were broke, so Groody put
170

THOMSON BURTIS

up some money. Make it up in the stud,
anyway.”

  Groody’s mouth drooped sardonically.
Redfield was an artistic liar, at that.

  “If we’d figure the Prince to win the
Special, we’d have hung on without selling
a share,” the ex-jockey continued.

  Beaseley whittled a stick with slow,
heavy motions.

  “You say you heard from Mary?” he
said.

  “Uh-huh. She said you were in tough
luck.”

  “I am, Buddy. You sure put me on
the chutes that time in Louisville. Not
that I blame you. I done wrong.”

  “What do you want from me, Kin? A
loan?”

  “No. I ain’t broke. I got a few hun-
dred left—and nothin’ else. I’d like a
chance to bet what I got where it’d do the
most good, Buddy. There ain’t nothin’
in that race that kin beat the Prince if
he’s right. And he’ll be big odds. You
know I know the hoss about as well as
you do, on account o’ all them days when
you was breakin’ him in.”

  “I see,” Buddy said. “Well, Kin, I’ll
tell you. Don’t get me wrong. But I’ve
got no use for you, and you know it. I’m
no angel, and I don’t say that there
aren’t a lot of thieves and crooked
gamblers in this world that I couldn’t
like, and maybe they are better men than
I am. But I’ll be damned if I’d spit on a
man that would stick a sponge up a
horse’s nose and let the poor brute be
whipped around a racetrack with his
breath cut off, like you did, if he was
afire!”

BEASELEY’S heavy lids raised
slowly, like curtains. His
snake eyes reflected no emo-
tion, but as they rested on
Buddy’s taut face Groody, somehow, felt
chill.

 “However,” Buddy went on, “on
account of Mary, I’ll tell you what I’ll
do. On the day of the race you give me
what money you want to bet. If I bet
on the Prince myself, I’ll bet yours. If I

don’t figure it a cinch, I won’t. If we
win you do. How’s that?”

  “That ain’t it, exactly,” Beaseley mum-
bled, his head bent over his whittling.
Suddenly he looked up. “Friend o’
yours?” he enquired.

  Delaney was rejoining the party in a
tentative, questioning way. The burly
flyer approached like an uncertain dog
wagging his tail in the hope that he was
welcome.

  “This is Mr. Delaney,” Groody told
him. “It’s all right.”

  “Thought it might not be a private
party any more,” Delaney grinned.

  “It’s like this, Buddy,” Beaseley went
on. “You know me. I been a horseman
all my life. I know ’em. When I got all
the dope, I can judge a race as good as
any man.”

  “Or better,” Buddy said. “If you
weren’t a crook, Kin, you could have
made a fortune on the track.”

  “I guess so. But the favor I’m askin’
you is this, Buddy. I ain’t sayin’ that
you ain’t a good judge. But I had more
experience. If the Prince don’t run or
ain’t right, there ain’t another bet in the
race. Too evenly matched, a bunch of
’em. If the Prince is right, he’s a stand-
out. Let me hang around with you,
Buddy, will you? This four hundred I
got—if she goes, I’m flat broke. Not
enough t’ pay my board bill. If I bet it,
I want to be sure. Lemme watch the
Prince’s works, look him over and get all
the dope.”

  “Look up here, Kin Beaseley!”

  It was Redfield’s voice, a peculiar
tremor in it that suddenly made Groody’s
spine tingle. Slowly the trainer’s big head
raised, and those basilisk eyes were staring
into Buddy’s.

  “Pretty smart, Kin, pretty smart!”
Buddy snarled. “Want to hang around,
do you, and get all the dope? Not satis-
fied to let me bet for you! Know why you
want to hang around? You wouldn’t bet
a dime on the Prince. If you think he’ll
win you’ll see to it that he don’t, damn
you, so you can cash in on some scheme
of your own!”
HANDICAPS

171

  So far as Groody could see, Beaseley
had not even winked. His stare was
almost hypnotic. Buddy, somehow, was
like a nervous dove in front of a snake.

  “Redfield’s sure scared of him,” Groody
was thinking. “There must have been
some dirty pool played in the past.”
“Furthermore,” Redfield rushed on,
“you’d rather see me lose this race than
win money for yourself!”

  His words fairly crackled.

  “Don’t try to kid me, Kin Beaseley!
I’ve known you too long and too well.
You’ve hated me ever since I wouldn’t
fall for your crooked stuff when I was
a jockey. Remember your tortured ‘bat-
tery’ horses? Remember your crooked
jockey coming up the stretch beating
Prince Regent and little Two Spot with
his whip? Remember the Prince stag-
gering around the track with a sponge up
his nose? And you expect me to kiss you
and let you hang around my horse!”
Groody’s eyes were so narrow they were
mere slits in his face. He found himself
leaning tautly forward, dead cigar in his
fingers. Redfield’s placid shell had cracked
wide open, and there was abysmal hatred
and hot contempt in every line of his
face and every word that he spoke.

  Beaseley’s pose, leaning against the
fence, did not change. His eyes never
left Redfield’s. Unwinking and cold, they
merely stared.

  But as Redfield concluded, they did
change. It seemed to Groody that blood
fairly rushed into them. They seemed to
roll, momentarily, like those of a mad-
dened horse.

  Beaseley made one swift motion. He
threw the stick he had been whittling to
the ground. His knife, unheeded, went
with it. For just a second, the harsh
faced horseman was the epitome of fury.

  Then, as quickly as the storm had
risen, it seemed to calm. His lids dropped
over his eyes, like a frog’s. He bent to
pick up his knife.

  “All right, if that’s the way you feel,”
he said slowly.

i “Furthermore, you’re not to come
within a mile of Prince Regent, under-

stand? And no other stranger will,
either,” Buddy warned him. He had
better hold of himself, now. “I’m moving
into the track tomorrow, Kin. I’ll be
living at Ma Foster’s. You know the
address and the phone number. My offer
still stands. You can shoot your four
hundred on Prince Regent, and you’ll
know all I know about the horse. But if
you come anywhere near him, I’ll chase
you out with a horsewhip!”

CHAPTER IV

“that’s WHAT I CALL WORKING UNDER
A HANDICAP”

THEY watched the horseman wander
down the track. No one said a
word. Redfield, breathing hard,
was trying to calm himself. Finally De-
laney said—

  “I don’t know what it was all about,
but it’s plain you and him ain’t brothers.”
“Not exactly,” grinned Groody. “Well,
you called his hand, Redfield, and I’m
damned if I don’t believe you had the boy
right. Your offer of giving him full
information was all a man could ask, and
that other stuff didn’t hold water for me.”
“Sure I had him right,” Buddy nodded.
“Don’t ever forget three items with Kin.
He’s a natural born confidence man, for
one thing. He’d rather make a crooked,
‘smart’ dollar than a straight one. Second
thing is that I’m sure now he’s got some
scheme to make more dough than he could
betting on the Prince. Third is that for
ten years he’s hated me—and he’d pay
money to get even for all I’ve done to
him. If he can combine all three—what
could be sweeter?”

  “Practically nothing,” admitted
Groody. “You and I apparently are in
the same fix, eh, Buddy?”

  “You’re sure a persecuted pair,” De-
laney chuckled.

  It was infectious, being a high pitched
giggle that issued from his stalwart body
like a mouse’s squeak from a lion.

  “What do you mean?” Redfield en-
quired.
172

THOMSON BURTIS

  “I’ll tell you later. Say, how about
getting a look at this horse?”

  “Sure. Come along, Delaney.”

  “Say, old top, not that I want to be
curious,” Groody said, as he stalked along,
“but isn’t there any control over Ken-
tucky racing? The way you bandy
around crooked races, and figure Beaseley
can get away with anything—”

  “Sure there is,” Redfield returned
promptly. “A damn’ sight better control
than in New York or Maryland, or the
winter tracks, either. But all they can
do is weed out crooks as fast as they find
’em, and it’s tough. There are too many
ways to pull a horse that can’t be found
out. Horses’ll run just for the exercise,
when they’re not ready. And if one horse
and jock deliberately bump another, and
knock him out of winning, all they can do
is disqualify and maybe suspend the jock
and the horse—and that don’t get the
race for the bumped horse if he came in
third, does it?

  “It’s a lot better than it used to be,
but it’s foolish to say that a smart bunch
can’t get away with a crooked race or
two in spite of all the veterinaries,
stewards, patrol judges and starters in the
world.”

  They were approaching the bams,
which impelled Groody to ask—

  “Why have you stayed out here with
him so long?”

  “Better for him, for one thing. Weren’t
sure he was right, for another. In the
third place, keeps everybody from know-
ing just what condition he’s in.”

  “Thereby knocking down the odds
when he runs, eh?”

  “Sure. If Slim and I spent twenty
thousand bucks in a year, and work and
labor over the horse night and day, we
got a right to cash in a little on our invest-
ment, haven’t we?”

  “I’ll say!” piped Delaney. “Say,
George, you’re gonna let me in on this,
ain’t you?”

“Sure, when and if ripe,” Groody told
him. “Hell, you know most of it now.”
He laughed at himself inwardly. De-
laney had certainly succeeded in casually

becoming a party to a number of personal
problems and activities of one George
Groody.

   “I’ll go in and get him,” Redfield said,
as they walked down the wide space
between two rows of barns. Royal equine
heads protruded from the open top doors
of many of the box stalls.

  “Brood mares, studs, some two year
olds and horses needing a little vacation
and fixing up,” Buddy explained. “Stay
here, and don’t come very close.”

  He walked toward a stall, the top door
of which swung open. As he approached
he started talking, low and soothingly.

  When he had practically reached the
door, a regal black head appeared, and
Prince Regent whinnied his pleasure. A
moment later Buddy was leading him out
into the flooding autumn sunshine.

   The tall flyer stood motionless, one leg
partially bent. He did not speak nor
draw in his breath as Delaney did. But
something seemed to turn over inside
him, and he felt that he was doomed,
financially, from that moment.

  Neck arched over as the short Redfield
held him close under his lower jaw, Prince
Regent pranced forth. As black as a
cloudy midnight and as sleek as condition
and care could make him, he was as royal
as his name.

  Delaney moved.

  “Good Lord, what a horse!” he ex-
ploded.

PRINCE REGENT’S head
snapped up, almost swinging
Redfield from his feet. The
thoroughbred half reared, his
great black eyes rolling slightly as he
snorted his fear and mistrust of the
strangers.

  It was one of those momentary visions
which, curiously enough, are destined
never to be forgotten. In that high flung
head and tense black body, gleaming in
the sunshine, there was as beautiful a
picture as Groody had ever seen. Some-
thing in the majestic black held a siren’s
line, and to own even a share of that horse
meant much to him then.
HANDICAPS

173

  For a second he could scarcely fathom
his feeling. In just an instant the horse
became a combination of ail things desir-
able. Now he could understand the feel-
ings of Buddy and Slim. What men
thought of their home, their dog, their
favorite car and prize rifle, plus something
deeper and more personal, were the emo-
tions he felt as his eyes caressed the
perfect thoroughbred dancing before him.

  “Well, I’ll be damned,” he remarked,
trying to laugh himself out of it. “Down
in Texas and out through the West,
they’ve got a thousand yarns about old-
timers going cuckoo chasing wonderful
wild stallions that they’ve got a worse
yen to own than they ever got over a
woman. I used to sit and laugh at the
stories about the Pacing White Stallion,
but damned if I don’t understand them
now!”

  The Prince was restless, but Buddy had
been crooning softly to him. The horse-
man smiled.

 “Wonder why we valued him at a
hundred and fifty thousand?” he inquired,
“and then didn’t sell him?”

  “Hell, no.”

  “And wait till you see him run. He—”

  Tearing around the corner of the barns,
yelping ecstatically, came the most dis-
reputable dog Groody had ever seen. The
Prince whinnied.

  “This is Hooch, his stable companion,”
grinned Buddy. “Hooch and Two Spot—
they’re the Prince’s sidekicks. Everybody
else but me, he’s scared of.”

  The flop eared, scraggly tailed, non-
descript pup made a flying leap at Prince
Regent’s nose. The stallion belted him
playfully, and knocked him sprawling.
Hooch got up, tongue out, and they
grinned at each other.

  Groody knew something about horses.
Now that the first shock of the Prince’s
appearance was over, he could look him
over without being affected too much by
an equine personality.

  Long barreled, trim legged, mighty
chested, he was all that a horse should be,
plus sturdy haunches which seemed formed
for the special purpose of hurling that

body through the air in bounds a bit
longer than any other horse could cover.

  “He’s just a shade high in flesh,” Red-
field told him. “But if he trains soundly
this week, has a race under his belt on
Wednesday, he ought to go to the post
Saturday in the pink.”

  “In which case,” Groody said, “he’ll
be a cinch to win, you think?”

  “I do,” Redfield replied, unhesitatingly.
“Listen, Groody, tomorrow morning early
we’re going to run him a mile over a dirt
road a little ways from here. It’s a
straightaway and we can get a line on his
speed. Why don’t you come over to-
morrow morning at dawn and watch him
work? If he does that mile the way Two
Spot will handle him in 1:40 or under, and
doesn’t pull up lame, it’ll mean some-
thing.”

  “O.K.” Groody nodded. “Now let me
see if I’ve got this straight? We can buy
a third share in Prince Regent for thirty-
three thousand dollars.

  “Uh-huh.”

  “That share goes for everything,”
Groody went on. “That is, I get one
third of the purse, if he wins, and one
third of the winnings on a thirty-three
thousand dollar bet which the stable will
make with my money.”

  “Exactly. Have you got that much
money, Groody?”

  “No,” Groody told him. “We have
about ten thousand in the bank to handle
the circus with, but we send most of the
heavy dough that we’ve been making
down to Texas, to keep an oil proposition,
that we’re in on, going without borrowing
money. We could get twenty thousand
or so from Texas for a few days, but this
gamble would be an awfully big one for
us. If we lost it, we’d have to borrow
money at a terrifically high rate of inter-
est, or else sell out a share in what we
think is a sure thing, for much less than
it’s worth.”

  “You’re in about the same situation,”
Redfield smiled, “as Slim and I are on the
horse.”

“Just about,” Groody admitted. “Well,
as far as I’m concerned, if Prince Regent’s
174

THOMSON BURTIS

in good shape Saturday, I believe I’d take
a chance. Of course, I’ll have to talk it
over with the other boys. It’s their
money as much as mine. I’ll see them
about it tonight, and I’ll see you in the
morning, eh?”

  “Right,” said Redfield.

  “Gosh,” Delaney broke in. “Talk about
shooting at the moon!”

  “Sounds like it, doesn’t it?” Groody
remarked. “But if it should go through,
don’t forget that I wouldn’t have to be
climbing around airplanes any more.”
“You were going to tell me something,”
Redfield reminded him. “Something
about being persecuted.”

  “Oh, yes,” Groody replied. “We’re
having a little tough luck of our own.”

  He went on to describe briefly the
menace which was hanging over the
Groody Flyers. Redfield listened without
a word, his round face very serious and
his level eyes never leaving Groody’s for
a moment. When the lanky flyer had
finished, the little horseman drew in his
breath.

  “That’s what I call working under a
handicap,” he said slowly. “Of course,
you can take every precaution to guard
your equipment from now on—”

  “Yes,” Groody interrupted, “but it’s a
hell of a feeling to wonder what’s going to
happen to you at any given moment. In
fact, it’s such a hell of a feeling that the
more I think of shooting a wad on Prince
Regent, the more it appeals to me. I’ll be
here in the morning, and don’t be sur-
prised if the deal is on.”

CHAPTER IV

JOE PAINTERFIELD

IT HAD not been light more than
fifteen minutes the next morning when
Groody and Redfield were standing
beside a narrow, soft dirt road which ran
past the boundary fence of the stock farm.
It was as straight as an arrow, and three
quarters of a mile away, Prince Regent,
with Two Spot on his back, was plainly
visible. The rider was cantering his horse

down toward the starting line of the
measured mile. The road cut through a
wooded area, and Redfield pointed out:
“Don’t forget that this clay will make
it at least four or five seconds slower to
the mile than a regular track. Two Spot
is going to let him out, and if he does it in
1:45 under wraps and pulls up sound,
it’ll mean plenty.”

  “Well,” Groody remarked, “this little
gallop’s quite a gamble in itself, then.
Now that the boys have made up their
minds to shoot the wad on your say-so,
I’m damned if I’m not all worried for the
colt myself.”

  Redfield glanced down the road and put
his field glasses to his eyes.

  “They’re about there,” he said. “Is
your stop watch ready?”

  “All set,” returned Groody. “Just give
me the word.”

  They were entirely alone. Redfield had
forbidden any of the farm laborers to
come anywhere near. He did not want
any news of Prince Regent’s racing condi-
tion to reach the outside world. He held
the field glasses to his eyes steadily,
focused on a groom who held a white
handkerchief in his hand at the starting
point. Prince Regent was cavorting
about, fairly crying to run.

  “He’s got the handkerchief in the air,”
Buddy said. “Get ready—he’s off!”

  Both men clicked their stop watches
that second. Groody strained his eyes
toward the small moving speck which was
hurtling down the road toward him. As
it grew larger, Redfield, the glasses to his
eyes, started talking evenly.

  “He’s running like a dream,” he said,
his voice curiously vibrant. “His stride
is just as free as it ever was, as far as I can
see. He’s not favoring that leg at all.
Two Spot’s holding him in, too.”

  “Looks good, does he?” Groody asked
him.

  “As good as he ever did, so help me!
Look at him come! He’s running like a
house afire. Good Lord!”

  “What happened?” barked Groody.
“Fell off, didn’t he?”

  A quarter of a mile down the track the
HANDICAPS

175

figure of the jockey leaning close over his
horse’s neck, had suddenly disappeared.
As Groody strained his eyes to see he
thought that the jockey’s body had again
become visible.

  “No, he didn’t fall off,” Buddy told
him tensely. “But he came damn’ near
it. Looked as though he was knocked
right off the horse’s back. Threw the
Prince off his stride, too.”

  They were silent for a few seconds as
the great black thundered toward the
finishing line. Redfield had the glasses
trained on Two Spot—it seemed that he
had forgotten about the horse. Two
hundred yards from the finishing line an
oath dropped from his lips.

  “Two Spot’s shirt is covered with
blood!” he exclaimed, and suddenly his
boyish face was haggard.

  “Hell’s bells,” Groody cried. “What—”
“As sure as God made little apples,”
Redfield interrupted, “they were shot at
from those woods!”

  The next second the stallion rushed
past the finishing line. The grave faced
little darkey on his back tried to pull him
up, but it was plain that there was little
strength in those powerful arms and
shoulders of his. The left side of his blue
shirt was wet with blood.

  “If that’s what happened,” Groody
said slowly, “I’ll chase whoever did it with
the plane.”

  Both men were running at top speed
after Prince Regent. Jackson finally suc-
ceeded in bringing him to a halt, but
before they had reached him, the boy had
almost fallen off the horse’s back.

  “What happened?” Redfield gasped,
breathing hard.

  “Don’t know, suh,” stammered the
little jockey. “But I think I was shot.”
Groody was removing the blouse. In
a moment what had happened was plain
to them. A bullet had plowed its way
across Two Spot’s right shoulder, making
a deep flesh wound.

  For just an instant his eyes and Red-
field’s met. It was Redfield who spoke
first, and his words were very slow.

  “There was somebody out in those

woods, and I don’t know who they were
after, but it was probably the horse,” he
said. “It’s somebody that doesn’t want
Prince Regent to run, and they tried to
kill him.”

  “Kin Beaseley?”

  “Ten to one it’s him or one of his men.”
The little horseman’s eyes were full of
the same demoniacal rage which Groody
had seen in him the day before.

  “Well, that means that I get into
action,” Groody said swiftly. “I’ll get
into the air right now and if there’s any-
thing stirring in this vicinity, I’ll follow
it. You get the police under way and tell
them to follow my plane when they get
here. I can stay in the air for three hours
on the gas I’ve got if I find anything, and
they can bet their bottom dollar that
there’ll be something to chase underneath
my plane.”

  He ran toward the fence with long
strides that ate up the distance, vaulted
it, and a minute later was starting the
engine. Redfield had remained behind to
cool off the stallion.

GROODY warmed up the eight
cylinder Wright briefly.

  “There’s no wild rush at
that,” he soliloquized. “Who-
ever it was can’t get far from here before
I get into the air.”

  Suddenly he remembered his stop
watch. He had clicked it automatically
when Prince Regent had crossed the line.
He took it out of his pocket and stared at
the figures.

  “1:46,” he reflected, “and the horse was
thrown off his stride, had a wounded
jockey, and was running on that road.
He is a horse!”

  He put away the watch and read the
instrument board quickly. Oil pressure,
air pressure, temperature, the charging
rate of the battery—all were satisfactory.
He shoved at the throttle and sent the
sturdy plane flashing across the level
infield. He circled the field but once,
climbing as steeply as the motor would
allow. Flying automatically, his mind
was centered on two things. One was the
176

THOMSON BURTIS

picture of Prince Regent eating up the
distance with gigantic strides as he bore
down upon the finishing line. The feeling
which he had had the day before when he
had first seen the black stallion, had been
deepened and strengthened by the sight
of the horse in action. The thought of
some thug in the woods seeking to
destroy that beautiful animal was for the
moment almost as revolting as the
attempted murder of a human being
would have been. It was a tight lipped,
hard eyed pilot who sent his ship skim-
ming over the trees, in search of its prey.

  Groody had his head over the side of
the cockpit, searching the ground with his
eyes. When he got over the section of
woods alongside the spot where Two Spot
had reeled from the saddle, he brought the
Hawk down until its under carriage was
almost sweeping the trees. The bullet
had come from Two Spot’s left, and the
woods extended for about five hundred
yards from the road. At the edge of the
trees there was another road which led
back into the mountains.

  “Ten to one he had an automobile
planted here,” Groody thought to himself.
“He isn’t in those woods, I think. And he
couldn’t have figured on an airplane chase. ”

  He sent his plane higher to get a view
of as much of the road as possible. It
curved around the foothills, and as he
reached a thousand feet, he could see that
it wove its tortuous way straight back
into the mountains. Groody could not
decide whether the chances were that the
fugitive would have made for the moun-
tains or for town. There was no traffic at
this early hour for him to lose himself in,
until he reached the outlying districts of
Covington.

  “Depends on who he is, I suppose,”
Groody reflected. “If he’s a mountaineer,
hired for the job, he’d make back for the
mountains. If he’s some racetrack crook,
probably for the city.”

  The altimeter read twenty-five hundred
feet when a section of the road which
curved around the sides of a sizable hill
came into view for the first time. It was
at least ten miles away, and an automo-

bile, crawling around the edge of the
mountain like a bug, was raising clouds
of dust behind it.

  “Ten to one that’s the bird I’m after,”
Groody thought exultantly, and opened
the Wright wide.

  He sent the ship into a power dive and
held it there until the air speed meter
needle quivered wildly at two hundred
and twenty-five miles an hour. He was
above the car in less than five minutes.

  He spiraled down above it with the
motor half throttled. His eyes left the
car for a moment to search the ground for
a possible emergency landing field. Not
even at a moment like this could he keep
his mind from the possibility of the
motor’s going wrong. He felt a curious
tingle which was caused largely, he real-
ized, by fear of what might lie before him.
Two months ago he would have looked
forward to the emergency ahead with a
sort of fierce enjoyment. He hated him-
self for the foreboding within him, and he
put his plane into a steeper dive, as though
to prove to himself that he was not afraid.
Every nerve was jumping as he realized
that in addition to any peril which might
lurk in the car below him, there was not a
possible landing place within five miles.
Should the motor fail it would mean send-
ing his ship hurtling into the trees at sixty
miles an hour.

  He tried to forget these things as he
concentrated his attention on the auto-
mobile. It was now only four hundred
feet below him and he could see that it
was a battered Ford. It had but one
occupant, the driver, and the man did not
seem to be paying any attention to the
ship above him.

  “He’s making that lizzy do all she can
do,” Groody thought. “If he’s my meat,
the farther back into the mountains he
gets the better from his point of view.”

THE FLYER circled widely
back of the car, getting so low
that his right wing tip was
almost brushing the trees on
the slope. With motor full on he sent the
plane darting along above the road. As
HANDICAPS

177

he overtook the car, he tried to discern a
gun of some kind in it. The unknown
marksman would have used a rifle, he had
decided—a revolver would have necessi-
tated his being too close to the road.

  The driver glanced up at him as he
swept by, and waved his hand.

  “If that’s the boy I’m after, he’s a
nervy cuss,” Groody reflected.

  He banked his plane steeply and a
moment later was sweeping back toward
the car. The ship was not more than
fifteen feet high, and Groody angled
slightly to the right to get an unimpeded
view of the vehicle. Suddenly his eyes
became narrower behind their goggles,
and he felt himself tense. He could not
be sure, but he had thought that he could
see, through the open windshield, the
barrel of a rifle leaning against the rear
seat.

  It was useless, he decided, to attempt
to learn anything from the air. That
rifle barrel might have been his imagina-
tion, but he did not think so. His brain
was working swiftly in an endeavor to
formulate a plan. It was useless, he
realized now, to put any faith in the
arrival of officers. Before they could
possibly arrive, his gas would be prac-
tically gone, and he would have to fly
very high, also, to enable them to see him.
Suddenly he realized that there was but
one thing to do—and that he had been
subconsciously trying to avoid it.

  “Trying to sneak out on the proposi-
tion,” he flayed himself savagely, “be-
cause I’m a jump nerved old woman.”

  In a second his mind was made up. If
that man down there was the stranger
who had shot from the woods, his capture
was of infinite importance. It might mean
the difference between a fortune and
poverty. Groody had never loathed him-
self more than he did then, when he real-
ized that possibly the whole fate of the
Texas oil venture depended on the un-
covering of any plot against Prince
Regent.

  It was an unhappy, bewildered pilot
who sent his ship skimming across the
crests of the hills toward a stretch of road

which he had spotted from the air two
minutes before. There was a valley about
five hundred yards wide, which the road
crossed. There were clearings on each
side of it, and what seemed to be an
abandoned cabin. It had evidently been
a small farm. Groody’s lean face was
drawn, half because of the task before
him, and half because of the misery
within.

  He crossed the valley, banked around,
and jammed on full top rudder. As
though to assuage the self-contempt with-
in him, he sideslipped down the wooded
slope with such speed as almost to blow
his goggles from his eyes. He brought
the ship level, its nose pointed up the
road in the direction from which the car
was coming. There was barely room
between the crumbling fences on each side
of it to allow clearance for the wings, but
he landed safely on the rutted dirt road.
It seemed that now that the die was cast,
he was momentarily the Groody of old.
He forgot his premonitions of disaster as
his mind worked swiftly on a plan of
campaign.

  He taxied the ship to the point where
the level valley merged with a hill. The
hillside was thickly wooded. He cursed
the fact that he was not carrying a gun.
It left but one thing for him to do.

  He cut off the ignition, leaped out of
the plane and in a moment was hidden in
the thick undergrowth alongside the road,
at a point about fifteen feet up the hill
from the ship.

  Scarcely a moment had passed before
he heard the throbbing engine of the
laboring Ford. It clattered over the crest
of the hill and he heard the brakes squeal
as the surprised driver applied them.
Groody was on one knee in the bushes,
as the Ford coasted slowly down the
slope. He saw the driver as it came to a
stop almost opposite him. The man
reached over into the back seat and
picked up a rifle. His eyes finally left the
airplane and swept the valley quickly as
he climbed out of the car, rifle in hand.

  For a moment the lanky flyer studied
the stranger who, he was now sure, was
178

THOMSON BURTIS

his prey. He was greatly surprised at
what he saw.

  The alert driver who was standing
beside the car was no crude mountaineer,
that was certain. He was dressed neatly,
even fashionably, in riding breeches and
boots, a trim coat, and a soft white shirt.
His necktie was vivid and the Panama hat
which he wore, looked like an expensive
one.

  A minute which was an eternity for
Groody passed. He was sure that he was
invisible to the stranger, for he felt that
if he was visible, by any chance, the
episode would end before it started—as
far as he was concerned. If the man
waited much longer he would be certain
of an ambush. It had been Groody’s
hope that he would start for the plane
before having a chance to think.

THE PLANE blocked the road
and there was no way in which
a car could be driven around it.
Suddenly the stranger’s eyes
focused on the thicket which screened
Groody. It was the first time the flyer
had had a good look at his opponent’s
face.

  It was young and hard, although the
regular features were well cut. Perhaps
it was the eyes which made his whole
countenance look as though it had been
chiseled from gray rock. They were cold
and bright and blue, set a little too closely
together.

  For a few seconds Groody thought that
he had been discovered. Then, as though
the man had comprehended the situation,
he turned toward the car and started to
climb back into it. There could be but
one reason for this—he was going to turn
around and try to flee the scene.

  That instant Groody made his move.
It was but fifteen feet from him to the
car.

  The bushes crackled as he launched his
towering form toward the car. The
stranger whirled like a flash but before he
could raise the rifle, Groody had his right
hand on the barrel and his left fist had
Crashed against the man’s jaw. He stag-

gered back against the car and in a second
Groody had wrested the rifle from him
easily.

  “Sorry, old man,” the flyer said sar-
donically. “And I might be wrong.”

  The man’s hat had fallen off, revealing
curly blond hair, which added to the
youthfulness of his appearance. Groody
had the rifle in his hands loosely, covering
his opponent. For a moment the two
men studied each other. The stranger’s
blue eyes were ablaze and his thin mouth
was twisted in a contemptuous sneer.

  “I know damn’ well you’re wrong,” he
said coolly. He had a strong Southern
accent. “Now, big boy, just tell me what
the hell you mean by all this stuff?”
“Before I tell you that,” Groody coun-
tered, “you might tell me what you mean
by taking a pot shot at a racehorse and
a jockey a few minutes ago.”

  “What’re you talkin’ about?” de-
manded the stranger. “I dare you to
throw away that gun and give me just
one crack at you!”

  Groody’s mouth drooped quizzically.
The man was three or four inches shorter
than he, and slender as well.

  “Feeling a little sore, are you?” Groody
inquired. “Well, if I’m wrong, I don’t
blame you. Where were you going, what
are you doing with this rifle in your car,
and—”

  “None of yore damn’ business!”
“Well,” Groody agreed mockingly,
“maybe it isn’t. Let’s take a look at this
baby.”

  He inspected the rifle quickly. One
cartridge had been fired.

  “Looks pretty bad for you, young
fellow,” Groody informed him. “In fact,
I don’t think the law would consider me
a damn’ fool if I carried you back to
Covington and let them find out what
makes you tick. A horse is shot at;
there’s nobody in the woods when we
get there; there’s just one car in sight and
it’s driven by a man who’s got a rifle which
has shot one cartridge very recently. Got
anything to say?”

  He studied the man’s face with mount-
ing interest as he waited for the reply.
HANDICAPS

179

There were lines there which expressed
experience, and its good looks were of the
sort which cannot camouflage the hard-
ness beneath. The young fellow’s face
was like a mask from which the eyes of a
cunning, merciless soul looked forth.
There was not a trace of warmth or
humaneness discernible in his makeup.

  “I don’t even know what you’re talking
about,” he said finally. “What’s all this
business of shooting a horse and the rest
of it?”

  Groody told him briefly.

  “And so,” he finished, “you’re going
back with me. Now, there’s just one
chance for you to help yourself, young
fellow. If you come clean with me and
tell me who you work for, and what the
idea behind all this is, we might come to
terms. Who are you ?”

  “Wouldn’t you like to know?” sneered
the stranger. He was apparently un-
afraid.

  “That’s the reason I asked you,”
Groody told him affably. “How much did
you get from Kin Beaseley for this little
job?”

FOR a moment the man’s eyes
blazed into Groody’s with hate
and contempt in them, and
Groody was aware of a feeling
of admiration at the indomitable quality
which he sensed in his captive.

  “You’ll have to watch him as long as
there’s a kick left in him,” he thought to
himself.

  Suddenly a remarkable change came
over the stranger’s face. That thin
mouth widened in a smile which exposed
even, white teeth and he threw up his
hand in a gesture of half humorous resig-
nation. As he spoke, Groody thought he
could detect a trace of mountain dialect
in his words. There was a suspicion of
“hyar” when he said “here”, and the
flyer thought to himself—

  “I’ll bet he sprang from these moun-
tains, at that.”

  “I guess you’ve got me,” the man said
smilingly. “There’s no use of Joe Painter-
field’s taking a rap for the boys higher up

if he can get out of it. Maybe we can
make a trade.”

  “That’s a sensible way to talk,” Groody
approved. “But get this straight. The
most I’ll do for you is to see to it that all
of us who would have reason to appear
against you, will pull our punches in
court. The more you tell us that’s
straight, the easier you’re going to get off.
Don’t kid yourself into thinking that
there’s any chance of your bounding off
in that aged flivver of yours.”

  Painterfield was almost jaunty. It was
as though the affair were purely an annoy-
ing incident as he said lightly:

  “That would be too good a break to be
true. I thought maybe I could get away
with it.”

  “Well,” Groody reminded him, “being
that you can’t, we’ll get started. It’s Kin
Beaseley, of course; but what I’m crazy
to know before I load you in that airplane
and give you a free ride, is what’s behind
it. Does he just hate Redfield that much,
or has he got some idea of winning the
Special, Saturday?”

  “You’re off on the wrong foot, pardner,”
Painterfield said gaily.

  His neatly trimmed blond hair was
tossing in the breeze, and when he smiled,
he looked more like an attractive young
collegian than what he was. His words
were marked with the argot of the sport-
ing world—the track particularly.

  “Yes?” returned Groody.

  “A couple of yesses,” nodded Painter-
field. “I don’t know who this Kin Bease-
ley is that you talk about, unless you
mean the bozo that was ruled off the
track a year or two ago. But he wouldn’t
know me from Adam.”

  “You don’t say? Well, who do you
work for?”

  “You’ll be surprised,” Painterfield told
him. “But don’t think that I’m going to
shoot off my mouth up here in the tall
timber with you. I’m going to get credit
for what I’ve got in the dope sheet right
at headquarters. You could doublecross
me too easy, you know. I could give you
the works up here and then when I got
to the jail house, find out that you were
180

THOMSON BURTIS

going to put me over the road for the
limit, regardless. I get my promises from
the bulls and the district attorney before
I wiggle the jaw, see? And what I’ve got
to tell ’em is going to make the past mem-
bers of the Kentucky Jockey Club turn
over in their graves and grunt!”

  “You interest me strangely,” Groody
told him, his mouth widening in a lopsided
grin. “I can hardly wait, so I guess I’ll
just tie up your hands and load you aboard
the ship. Something big in the wind, eh?”
“You don’t think I’d be pulling a racket
like this for chicken feed, do you?”
Painterfield inquired. “All right. Tie
’em up.”

GROODY, watching Painter-
field narrowly, went over to the
ship and got a length of rope
from the tool kit. Then he
directed his captive to stand at one side of
the fuselage and rest his wrists upon it.
Groody, from the other side, bound them
firmly while Painterfield mocked him with
light hearted badinage.

  “You’re not exactly downhearted,”
Groody remarked.

  “Hell, no,” grinned Painterfield.
“There’s going to be many a backer for me
before this race is over. Say, pardner,
there’s men that would hate to have me
talk, who could own a stable of judges if
they wanted to.”

  “Think you may get off without doing
any talking, eh?” Groody suggested.
“Well, I don’t wish you any more hard
luck than you deserve, because that’s
plenty; but if you do get away with this,
you’ll have to go some. Give me a hand
and we’ll pick up the tail here and turn
her around for the takeoff. You can lift
even if your hands are tied.”

  “Oh, I ain’t figuring on getting off
altogether,” Painterfield admitted. “But

I ain’t figuring on having it socked to me,
either.”

  The two men picked up the tail of the
ship and carried it around until the plane
was pointing down the valley.

  “I’m going to put you in the front seat,
Groody told the racetrack man, “so that
I can keep an eye on you. Having had
my own hands tied behind my back at
various times, I know how it feels, so I
gave you a break. The first false move you
make, though, you’re going to have your
head caressed with a monkey wrench, so
don’t try any.”

  He helped Painterfield into the front
cockpit and then started the motor. It
idled along gently while Groody stood,
watching the instrument board. The ship
had controls in each seat, but there was
no instrument board in the rear.

  “By the way,” Painterfield shouted in
his ear, “you’d better get that Ford out
of the road. Drive it to one side, will you ?
I don’t want any one to run into it before
I get a chance to send for it.”

  “Sure,” Groody returned, and walked
toward the Ford. It had no self-starter,
and the cranking shaft was within five
feet of the tail of the plane. Groody tried
repeatedly to start it, but the motor
would not catch.

  “I’m going to push this damn’ thing,”
he decided, “instead of working myself to
death on this crank.”

  Just as he put his weight against the
radiator, the gentle clatter of the idling
airplane motor rose to a frenzied roar. In
a split second the startled Groody had
whirled around.

  “Painterfield’s elbow must have hit the
throttle!” he thought. Then— “By
Harry, he can fly!” He saw the tail of
the ship go up and realized that Painter-
field was pushing the stick forward.

  The plane was under way.

TO BE CONTINUED
 Cfhe Camp-fire

                 A free-to-all meeting
                 place for readers,
                 writers and adventurers

Anyway, He Knew Our Lingo

FROM all parts of the country re-
sponses such as this keep coming.
Every single one seems to state the same
fact—that His Royal Highness was a
regular chap, one who made friends and
admirers wherever he journeyed.

  You had just orter be ashamed of yourself, ruinin’
that feller’s pertater crop down Aripeka way.
Which means that I’ve just read the February 15th
camp-fire, and if you can send me the original of that
“frenzied” letter and if it don’t bear the ear-marks
of one of your clever editorial cubs—why the Vol-
steads are on me, that’s all. Either that, or you
ought to proposition Mr. E. A. O’Neal to correspond
with you “reg’lar”!

  However, what I really started to tell you was that
I can possibly add a bit of further corroboration to
Edgar Young’s theory that his old tramping pal was
Albert of Belgium. Might easily have been (assum-
ing, of course that the Belgic archives don’t alibi
Albert too convincingly!)

  A bit after the war, you may remember, Albert
and the queen and the prince, his son, toured Amer-
ica, including the far-famed Yosemite Valley, near
which I happen to have a country home. What I
saw happened on the royal party’s trip out from
Yosemite, and if you don’t mind the digression,
something that happened before they left is a good

joke on our West where men are men (when they
don’t get mixed up at birth).

  A couple of professional Yosemite guides took the
Prince in tow when he insisted on climbing around
Glacier Point, which happens to be about three
thousand upright feet above the floor of Yosemite. '
It was off season, and off the trails, and it all wasn’t
done, but seeing that the imperious young gentleman
insisted on the jaunt these picked guides were sent*
with him for protection. I don’t know, but there are
earmarks in the incident pointing to a certain
amount of familiarity on the part of the young gen-
tlemen with Alpine climbing. Matterhorn stuff.
Anyhow, all unconsciously he got himself in a hor-
rible pickle on a cliff to wit. The two guides,
scrambling after the prince got themselves wedged
somewhere between the blue vault and the nether
eternity and the young prince was obliged to yank
them up to save their lives. Such a bore! What?

  Albert was of course a hero, acclaimed everywhere
by the population of his latest ally, America.
Naturally he had to step out on the observation
platform at important places, receive the plaudits of
the inhabitants, and bend his tall form in a courteous
bow.

  Merced was the junction city where the little
Yosemite Railroad joins the Southern Pacific,
California’s main iron rail artery. So Albert had it
in his head that when Merced was called out he was
to do his stuff on the back platform. It was late in
the evening, the queen was, eh—retired; and when
Albert heard that word “Merced” he walked back.

181
182

ADVENTURE

It happened, however, to be Merced Falls, a small
station of a saw mill. Some brawny, don’t-give-a-
damn lumberjacks and mill hands were standing
about the train’s end, hands in their jeans. That
was all. And there was the King in his immaculate
clothes looking down upon them amiably. It was a
most embarrassing situation—for the lumberjacks,
particularly who, of course, knew it was the “special”
of the Belgian royal party. Finally a 250 pound log
roller spoke up.

  “By the way, King, did you get that sack of flour
we sent you?”

  “Sure did,” says the King chuckling (exactly that
way). “And thanks a lot!”

-THEO. S. SOLOMONS

Ghost Ship

NO ONE really knows the fate of the
old Lyderhorn, used by Bill Adams in
his story of this issue. Mr. Adams has
given us his own dramatic interpretation;
and we thought it an inspiring tribute to
the heroic breed of men who officered the
old windjammers.

  Glad you liked “The Last of the ’Horns.” I don’t
know just what did happen to the old Lyderhorn.
She was posted missing in 1915, and had been bound
east round the Horn for some European port. One
of her old apprentices has written me a time or
two since I first appeared in Adventure with names
of the company’s ship. I knew the Matterhorn well,
and if I’d a dollar for every time I’ve stowed the
Silberhom's royals I’d have a nice little wad of jack.
Lyderhorn was a big clumsy brute of 2700 tons regis-
ter. But Silberkorn could whip along at better than
fifteen miles an hour. I often think that if those
big later ships had been manned as the clippers were
manned, with large crews, and had carried all the
sail they might have carried, they’d have made some
very fine passages. But they’d just enough men,
and usually barely enough, to handle them as they
were—minus stun’sls and with no fore and afters
above topmast staysails. As it was I’ve seen them
pass the Horn in 52 days from Antwerp and Ham-
burg, etc. SUberhorn s skipper told me that only
one ship ever passed him in the sixteen years he had
her—Muskoka. And I steered her past many and
many a fine ship myself when I was a nipper.

  I don’t know for sure what that four mast barque
was that appeared in the haze while Von Spee was
making his last fight. It was her first sign that war
was on, no doubt. And I can picture the excitement
aboard her.

  I sailed a few days after the Spanish war started
and all I ever knew of it was what we got from the
ship Belvedere, which we met somewhere off the
River Plate. She was almost too far away for signal-
ling. To our question as to whether the war was
still on she replied with one word ‘War’. When we
came in it was all over but the shouting. We did

sight a steamer one dark squally night, and she
altered her course to take a look at us. We doused
our lights, piled on sail, and hid ourselves in a heavy
squall, thinking that she might be a cruiser. Never
saw her again. The squall sent us along at our best
clip, which was very possibly more than she
could do with her engines. It was always good
fun to come up on and sail by a steamer in
those days! But the worst cussing ever I heard
was when we’d sight some infernal kettle and signal
her, asking to be reported, after maybe 100 days at
sea without seeing anything at all in the way of a
ship, and she’d pompously ignore the signals of the
old windjammer. Some stuck-up brass buttoned
bridge ornament who’d never laid hand on a brace
in his life on her bridge, I suppose.—Bill Adams.

For a Gallery in China

 ANYBODY have an autographed pic-
-tV ture of the Bard of Aberystwyth or
of the President of Andorra or of the next
President of the United States for the
clubrooom wall of these bons soldats on the
other side of the earth?

  I am writing you a letter for the men of my com-
pany and making of you a rather peculiar request.

  This company holds the regimental record for
having gone seven and a half months with a clean
health record. When you consider the conditions
under which the soldier derives his recreation, this
record is one to be proud of. He is greeted at every
turn by local cafes and dives, few, if any, respectable
white women for associates, liquor plentiful and
cheap and also drugs are everywhere for the asking.
This record, made by this company is due to their
own personal interest in the company and not due
to my efforts. One of the principal features of the
company is the clubroom. In this clubroom we
have one of the most complete collections of auto-
graphed photographs of prominent people in the
service. It is in connection with this feature I am
writing you to assist us.

  Your magazine reaches places on the globe that no
other magazine reaches; this is indicated by the in-
teresting letters appearing in the Camp-Fire and
elsewhere. Pictures of isolated, unknown spots are
most interesting and also very rare. Could you
make a request of your readers that if they could,
to send to the company photographs of chiefs of
tribes, natives, etc., in distant parts of the world,
with their autographs in native writing. This
autograph to read: “To the men of Co. K, 15th
U. S. Inf.”, with the signature. We are most de-
sirous of securing foreign countries as they will mean
a lot in the collection. As these photographs are all
framed individually, if possible a size about 8 x 10
would be most desirable.

  I can assure you your cooperation in assisting us
in this connection will be appreciated. We have
been subscribers to Advrntnre for several years and
THE CAMP-FIRE

183

the men thoroughly enjoy the interesting stories.
Trusting that you will aid us in the collection, that
we will receive replies from all over the world
through your kindness.—captain f. j. pearson,
15th Inf., Tientsin, China.

Sailors Visit Stamboul Bazar

  In his shrewdest Levant jargon,

  Ali drives an easy bargain:

  “Caviar, a red skullcap,

  Bubble pipe, and parrot trap,
  Ancient blade from old Damascus—
  Buy them all?”

“Yes, sir, why ask us?”

-VICTOR WEYBRIGHT

Old Copies

EXCEPT for the magazine files, we
have no numbers of Adventure older
than 1927. Since every now and then a
request comes for issues previously pub-
lished, I take the liberty of stating that
Mr. Charles F. Pape, 114 East 238th
Street, New York City, wishes to dispose
of a file of Adventure, complete from Vol. 1
to Vol. 45.

Checking Error

COMRADE JESSUP questions a point
made in a recent story by Captain
Frederick Moore. It seems to us that
the author defends himself and his story,
competently.

   A frog-pond sailor, from the outer edge of the fire-
light, arises questing information.

Captain Frederick Moore, in “The Lagoon of the
Secret Pearls,” March 1st number, page 166, says:
Prouse slanted his sextant horizontally at
the after bulkhead, checking the error of the
instrument . . .

   Please tell us what “error” he is checking, and the
manner and method thereof.

   Old Prouse musta been a bear for chasing loga-
rithms ’round the cabin to chase noon sights on a
sixty mile rim between islands with high peaks.
That on Lumbucanan musta been at least 310 feet
high; and we are told of Surago’s “high peaks.” So
one of the islands would have been in sight all the
way, from aloft, except for current, and perhaps
even then.

   But it was a good story, at that.

                              -W. D. JESSUP

Follows Captain Moore’s reply:

Mr. Jessup’s question about how Captain Prowse

checked the error of his sextant in the cabin prob-
ably arises from the fact that Mr. Jessup was misled
into the belief that it was index error. The story
did not say that. Prowse might have been assuring
himself of an error known to exist at times, or he
may have made repairs to his sextant, and by marks
on the bulkhead wall made sure the instrument was
in adjustment, such as homemade cross wires in the
sextant telescope, or that the line of sight was para-
llel to the plane of the instrument, or some other
deviation from normal in certain adjusting screws.
The incident indicated in some degree the fact that
Prowse was rather rough in his navigation, just as
the fact that he counted seconds when he went down
the companionway after an observation gave some
insight into the type of navigator he was. Not all
old-school skippers do things that are good practice,
some have whims, some do things not heard of in
navigation schools, and such things in a story per-
tain to the character and are not intended as a
treatise on navigation. I did not draw Prowse as a
navigator who would be using Bygraves Slide Rule
to solve astronomical triangles with the tables of
Aquino. Many times navigators find fault with
what a skipper does in a story, forgetting the fact
that the man depicted has peculiarities or defects
which are brought out for the very purpose of mak-
ing a point, and to make the skipper different from
the normal run of persons.

  Mr. Jessup’s objection to the fact that Prowse had
to chase noon sights to find his position, is probably
due to the fact that Mr. Jessup believed the schooner
to be on a line of position joining the islands of
Surago and Lumbucanan, with visibility of peaks
from aloft. The story did not put the schooner in
such a position, and in any event, a sailing vessel
cannot always run down a straight course, if the
wind does not serve, or the chart shows shoals or
other dangers, on that line joining a pair of islands.
Also, the skipper was not certain at first that he
wanted to pick up Marson and Sears, but was doubt-
ful about what to do; besides, the story shows the
vessel in a dead calm, and drifting with a current,
with her wake abeam. And Chapter X at the be-
ginning says the schooner for days had been beating
up to the island, after days of calm, and again
headed by winds. He was far from Lumbucanan
and baffled by winds. Didn’t he swear about being
unable to get back to Lumbucanan when he de-
cided to go? He was not between the two islands,
and could not possibly have them in sight from
aloft. It would be advisable for a skipper to chase
noon sights when he does not know his position in
such waters, and I should want to know course and
distance to the landfall I wanted, and about the
best way to get a fix is to take noon sights, even with
a sextant that might make a good rattle to scare
crows out of a cornfield. Prowse was not reporting
the noon position of a battle cruiser to the fleet com-
mander, or he would have better instruments and be
a different type of navigator. He would hardly
waste time with noon sights if he could find island
peaks from the cross-trees.—Frederick moorjd
184

ADVENTURE

Sounds Reasonable!

HERE is a comrade equipped with
everything but a companion. I
suspect that by April twentieth he will be
provided for in that manner as well . . .

  I have never taken advantage of your columns,
but would like to do so at this time. I wish to take
a three weeks’ fishing trip this July, and do not
seem to be able to find any companions. I have
been considering the West but the distance in com-
parison with the time is too great. I have a car
and for those near me it would be a pleasure to take
week end trips near New York for the balance of
the summer. I am not particular whether I camp,
live at a farm house or otherwise. There must be
several people near me in the same boat, and perhaps
through your magazine connections can be made
which will mean an everlasting friendship. Per-
haps some fellows have a sister who likes the out-
doors; and the ladies always break the monotony.
I still don’t believe there is a Santa Claus!

—p. gibbons, 152 East 42nd Street, N. Y. City

Bibliography

FOR THOSE who wish to go deeper
into the uncanny mysteries of Easter
Island.

  In further reference to the inquiry of Mr. Leferink
re Easter Island in the issue of Nov. 1, I note that
Mr. Meagher does not give any literary references
which your inquirer could use if he wished to go
deeper into the matter.

  The Smithsonian Institute published in its Annual
Report for 1888-89, and reprinted separately in 1891,
a very complete report of the expedition to Easter
Island by Wm. J. Thomson, Paymaster, U. S.
Navy.

  Another brief illustrated article on the Island and
its statues was published in the London Magazine of
July, 1910, in support of the theory that the carvers
of these monoliths were of the same people who left
similar remains in Peru. This author says that the
first known discoverer was a notorious South Sea
buccaneer named Davis, in 1687.—n. w. j. haydon,
Toronto, Canada.

                   Hints to the New Hand

Now listen, my lad, if you’d ship as a hand,

           Far out at sea;

There’s several salt customs you’d best understand,

           Far out at sea;

Say “sir” to the Old Man; speak civil to Misters;

Heave over to leeward them socks of your sister’s;

Pipe down, an’ step lively—or stand by for blisters
           Far out at sea!

When sent after gadgets or pails of fresh steam,

           Far out at sea,

Be sure from your eyes to let innocence beam,

           Far out at sea!

When ordered the runnin’-lights lanterns to fill,

Beg green oil for starb’d (as told by Big Bill)

An’ red oil for port—then run with a will!

           Far out at sea!

If missin’ your mess-kid, remember this here,

           Far out at sea:

Don’t borrow what’s known as the Extra Hand’s gear,
          Far out at sea!

Go shares with your bunkie—’tis better to wait,

Though slum may grow cold, than to meddle with Fate;

A colder meal’s near—with the conger an’ skate—

           Far out at sea!
THE CAMP-FIRE

185

Keep clear o’ the hard-fisted hunkies called Finns,

           Far out at sea;

There’s more than just man in their double-spliced skins,

           Far out at sea!

An’ treat like an uncle with gold in his sock
The fat old gazabo that sailors call “Doc”:

It ain’t noways healthy the cookee to mock,

           Far out at sea!

If ever the taffrail begins to grow damp,

           Far out at sea,

An’ surely she’s settlin’, liner or tramp,

           Far out at sea,

As soon as she slides in her last long careen,

Just jump, an’ don’t struggle—Old Ocean is mean!

Breathe deep . . . There’s good shipmates on Fiddler’s Green . . .
           Far out to sea!

                           -HAROLD WILLARD GLEASON

Songs of the Iron Horse

THE FOLLOWING request is entirely
separate from the “Old Songs Men
Have Sung” department of Ask Ad-
venture. Railroaders who wish to cooper-
ate with Mr. Van Sant by contributing to
his collection of railroad songs will kindly
address him in care of his publisher, as
specified.

  Mr. R. S. Van Sant of the Baltimore and Ohio is
preparing an anthology of the songs railroad men
sing or have sung in the past, and would very much
appreciate it if railroad men would send in to him,
in care of his publishers, Greenberg, Inc., 112 East
19th Street, New York, any and all songs of this
kind that they know. If they don’t know all the
words he would like to have them send along the
titles and the particular railroads to which the songs
apply.

       The Strongest Man Alive

1HAVE SEEN vaudeville professionals
galore, but I always suspect them of
hocus-pocus. Near Prairie Du Chien,
Wisconsin, I saw a sturdy farm boy go
into the loft of a barn, attach straps and

ropes to a harnessed jenny below—and
then raise her a foot from the ground! At
Sears, Roebuck’s in Chicago—on the
fifth floor of the printing building—there
used to be a gorilla-like Bohemian laborer.
This chap, for a bet of one dollar, would
lift and carry across the floor, a few yards,
one of these enormous and clumsy rolls of
pulp paper. I am not sure now about the
sort of paper used for catalogues back
then, but awed men claimed each roll
weighed more then 500 pounds!

  I have seen a 150-pound guide carry
one sixteen foot cedar canoe, one pack
of rations and utensils, weighing aboiu
sixty pounds, three rifles, and a pail
which had held minnow bait. This was
after I and another 200-pound man from
New York City had decided that the
swamps of Minnesota were too hard to
navigate, after six hours . . .

  I just wonder if comrades have not
many interesting yarns of this sort to tell?
Camp-Fire space is open to anyone who
actually has seen a strong man do his stuff.
Of course nothing anonymous will be
printed, as usual.—Anthony m. edd
AiKA d

venture

For free information and services
you can’t get elsewhere

Ships

STEERING devices, old and new. Deck
plan and passengers’ quarters of an
old-timer.

  Request:—“Will you please answer the following
questions?

  1. When were vessels first steered with a wheel?
How were they steered before wheels were used?

  H.	Can you give me a general idea of the deck ar-
rangement and the quarters for the passengers and
crew of vessels sailing between Port Glasgow, Scot-
land and the Colonies of Virginia, North and South
Carolina about the year 1730? Was the cabin full
flush deck; that is, did it take the whole afterdeck
from rail to rail? Was it the height of the cabin
above the main deck? What deck houses were
there?”—john andebson, Baltimore, Md.

  Reply, by Captain Dingle:—I am sorry your letter
was unanswered for so long; but I lost my vessel
in the recent hurricane in the Bahamas, and all my
affairs have been like the midshipman’s sea-chest—
everything on top and nothing handy.

  Answering your queries:—

  I.	Wheels were used to steer ships almost as soon as
the size of vessels made tiller steering too heavy for
direct man strength. At no time did all vessels dis-
card the tiller. The tiller is still used on small
coasters in many instances. Before the wheel was
devised the steering gear was simply a tiller with
tackles. The relieving tackle of today is a survival of
them. Before the tiller, a steer-oar was used.

  2. As for deck plan and passengers’ quarters of the
vessels you mention, they varied greatly with the
vessel’s size. In general, the passengers’ cabin was
in a sort of half-poop, like a big trunk cabin of today,
half of its height above the quarterdeck, and leav-
ing a narrow alleyway between the side and the rail.
Quarters for servants, emigrants, indentured per-
sons, etc., were mostly in the ’tweendecks, but some-
times in a house on deck. Besides this large house

there were sometimes a forward house and a galley,
but often the galley was part of either one or other
of the larger houses.

  In smaller ships there might be no deck house ex-
cept the galley, with an open forecastle-head under
which was the forge, the carpenter’s bench and the
bosun’s stores. In large vessels with full poops, as
some of the finer West Indiamen, the passengers’
quarters extended the full width of the stern, and
sometimes were two decks deep. But in none of
these vessels was there full headroom for a tall man
except under a skylight. I think, however, that even
with a full poop, decked from rail to rail, there were
still bulwarks all around the stern, and not open
rails as one sees today.

Horses

^JpHE storied mustang, and others.

  Request:—“Is there such a thing in the West as a
full-blooded mustang, that is, a full-blooded de-
scendant of the horses the Spaniards brought over?

  Many people think that the mongrel scrubs run-
ning wild in the West at present are mustangs.

  I have read articles by Major General Carter and
several other writers in praise of the excellent qual-
ities of the mustang: his superior endurance and
even speed to the thoroughbred and other horses of
the American pioneers. If the mustang was so good
why was he allowed to die out or nearly so? One
writer claims the mustang disappeared from the
plains about 1880.

  Does any one attempt to propagate the breed?
I should think that he is at least as deserving as the
Longhorn which they are trying to save; he played
a much greater part in the history of the West.

Is it true that the mustang was tricky and vicious?

  Could an Indian pony run all day? What is a
Palomino? What does the word Palomino mean?

  What do you consider the best breed or combi-
nation for a cow pony?

186
ASK ADVENTURE

187

  What do you consider the best breed for just
plain riding in hilly and plain country?

  Which do you prefer for riding—stallion, mare or
gelding?

  Do you know if Black Gold was part mustang?

  Can you give me the names of any books written
on the subject of the mustang, not fiction?”

—Hamilton s. hufpman, Buffalo, N. Y.

 Reply, by Mr. Thomas W. Dameron:—General
Carter is an eminent authority on horses. His and
other writings on the mustang’s qualities are true in
every sense of the word, but apply only to the few
developed from many worked on. It was a case of
the survival of the fittest, and only those of strength
and alertness survived the onslaught of their many
natural enemies. Again, they were descendants of
noble strain, some of the best Spanish strains, such
as those bred by the Jennet family.

  Interbreeding soon caused throw-backs to appear,
giving us the pintos, etc. The infusion of thorough-
bred blood by all the stockmen of the seventies and
eighties, has caused them to change completely
rather than disappear. I know of no genuine mus-
tangs now, but it is probable that a few may be
found in the most out-of-the-way places where it
would be impossible to round them up for the soap
factories.

  I have heard of no one trying to propagate the
breed, but agree with you they are far more de-
serving than the Longhorn. Think of what the
feral horse did for the American Indian, and the
early Western settlers and stockmen.

  It is true that the mustang was tricky and vicious,
which traits were instincts bred in him through gen-
erations of self-preservation. Properly broken and
kindly handled, he was as faithful as our Kentucky
thoroughbreds.

  Yes, I believe an Indian pony or any good Western
horse could lope all day, with the few breathing
spells that would naturally come at creeks, etc. Of
course no animal could run at highest speed all day
without stopping to catch a breath.

  Palomino is generally used to describe an animal
with flaxen mane and tail, or generally a cream
colored horse. It comes from the Spanish word
Palomilla, pronounced pal-o-meel-lyah, meaning
backbone of a horse, peak of a pack saddle, or a
horse of milk white color.

  As a matter of personal preference, I would and
have always used, crossed standard bred-thorough-
bred horses for cow-horses, polo ponies, and just
hard plain or hilly riding, my argument being that
the standard bred is bred to go a fast mile, come
back in a few minutes and do three or four more
heats. He has a level head, and, generally, good
manners. The thoroughbred has the life, high head-
edness, and light feet we like, but is bred to run his
mile or fraction and wait a day or two for his next
one. Am I right?

  I have no preference as to sex (most stockmen
will ride nothing but a gelding). A properly broken
stallion is just as trustworthy as a gelding. I will

admit that most of my favorites have been mares.
My favorite now is a sorrel mare from a standard
bred dam and thoroughbred sire. I played her a
season of polo at Broadmoor. She is ten years, and
has never been beaten an eighth to a quarter. She
has won many ribbons in lightweight hunter classes.
She will show in any three gaited class, and will
carry any cowpuncher through his day’s work. She
now has a fine yearling by her side. Could a man
ask any more from one animal?

  To enter the Kentucky Derby, a horse must be
thoroughbred and registered; hence, if any mustang
is in Black Gold it is many generations back.

  As far as I know there are no books on mustangs.
General Carter gave a chapter to them in his book,
“Story of the Horse.”

“Sho-Sho”

FAMOUS, but! apparently found want-
ing in action.

  Request:—“In your capacity as firearms expert for
the Adventure magazine, will you please let me have
some information on the following matters:

  1.	What was the Sho-Sho gun of which one oc-
casionally reads in Leonard H. Nason’s war stories?

  2.	What are the general specifications of the Mon-
dragon automatic rifle? Is it still procurable? If so,
from whom?

  With reference to (1), I have read in Messrs.
Francis Bannerman & Sons’ catalogue that the
French are experimenting with this rifle in a short
form, with a view to arming their forces with it. Can
you inform me whether this short form is procurable
commercially?”—w. h. blyth, Hamilton, New
Zealand.

  Reply, Mr. Donegan Wiggins:—The “sho-sho”
referred to by Comrade Nason was nothing
more nor less than that French Chauchat semi-
automatic rifle, the light machine gun used by In-
fantry, as was our Lewis and yours. Just ask any
returned Anzac what he thought of the Chauchat,
and you’ll learn why the boys swore at them.

  They seem to have been the least reliable arm
used by any of the combatants of either party dur-
ing the War, and I’ve never yet heard a good word
spoken of them by any one.

  I have never heard of the Mondragon being made
commercially, and doubt very much if such will ever
be the case; in fact, I only know of one arm being
made for commercial uses today in any portable
model, that being the Thompson sub-machine gun,
so favored of our bandits and hootch runners. It
is made in .45 caliber, taking the automatic pistol
ammunition, at present, but I believe can be fur-
nished also, on special demand, for the Luger am-
munition in .30 and .36 (7.65 and 9 mm. respectively)
and up to the .851 Winchester self-loading cartridge
in power.

  Personally, I am not taken to any degree with the
Mondragon rifle, and believe our own Browning-
Colt, or your Lewis, to be far superior as a weapon
goes, to anything yet seen.
188

ADVENTURE

  As to the makers of the Mondragon, I can not say,
but suspect that it is being made for the French
army, if at all, by the Government Arsenal at St.
Etienne, France. A letter to them might produce
the information as to manufacture, but I don’t be-
lieve they would state anything as to intent to arm
the troops with the rifle.

Tungsten

ON THE distribution, marketing and
uses of this metal.

  Request:—“I am very much interested in the metal
known as tungsten and would appreciate very much,
information as indicated in the following question-
naire:

  Is it a fact that the only tungsten produced in the
U. S. is mined at Boulder, Colo.?

  Are the mines there substantial and likely to pro-
duce in any quantities for a considerable period?

  Is there an active market for this metal?

  What are the main uses to which this metal is
put?

  Is tungsten production likely to be of major im-
portance in the near future?”—thos. j. given,
Houston, Tex.

  Reply,by Mr. Victor Shaw:—Your first query—“Is
the only tungsten producing mine at Boulder, Colo?”
is answered no, but the Wolf Tongue Co. at Boulder
produces the only tungsten ferberite. The Nevada-
Massachusetts outfit near Mill City, Nevada, pro-
duces tungsten from scheelite; it also comes from
Round Valley near Bishop, Cal. The Homestake Co.,
of South Dakota, mines wolframite; and tungsten
from wolframite comes also from Tip Top, Arizona
and from near Silvermine, Missouri. There is also
a tungsten property mining scheelite at Atolia,
Cal. The U. S. A. formerly imported close to 2000
tons.

  The need for this metal to toughen steel stimu-
lated mining and prospecting during the late war.
There was a big slump from 1919-1922. Lack of
war demand caused the slump and left large stocks
of tungsten ore on hand. Then a high protective
tariff on this metal went into effect on Sept. 22,1922,
which stopped imports and had a stimulating effect
on internal affairs. The stocks on hand were ab-
sorbed slowly, mining was resumed very gradually,
and in 1928 the Tungsten Products Co., operating
the Pine Creek tungsten mine near Bishop, Cal.
produced an average of 4000 tons of ore per month,
with 200 tons per day coming out of the mine when
all was moving properly. (See “Tungsten Deposits
of NW Inyo County”—Bull. 640-L, U. S. Geologi-
cal Survey, Wash., D. C.)

  I was at the Boulder tungsten district in 1923.
The Wolf Tongue people were doing a little spasmod-
ic development, the rest of adjacent properties—
nothing but assessment. No market, and tungsten
property was unsalable. Now, there is quite a bit
of stimulation and many mines are working full

time, while the market is active at $12 for wolfram-
ite, and $13 for scheelite. Price risen from $8-
$9 at close of 1925.

                Bullfrogs
^^N RAISING them for market.

  Request:—“I am writing to you hoping I can get
some information on breeding and raising bull-
frogs.”—ii. d. may, Pleasantville, N. J.

  Reply, by Mr. Clifford II. Pope:—Your letter of
December 14th has just been forwarded to me and
I hasten to reply.

  A booklet on frog raising has been published by
the U. S. Bureau of Fisheries and may be obtained
by writing to Washington, D. C. The author is
A. H. Wright. This booklet is of a practical nature
and I am sure will give you the specific information
that you wish.

Automotive

VARIOUS problems of interest to the
man who drives a car.

  Request:—“I wish to ask information in regard to
cold weather starting. In the first place I wish to
say that I drive a 1925 model 31 Cleveland 6. I
have had this car in various garages and electric
service stations and the starting motor is in as good
condition as it is possible to be made. This car is
equipped with the Bosch system of starting, lighting,
and ignition. Nevertheless it seems that this car
is hard to start in cold weather. I had just had the
battery tested a few days before and it registered
fully charged. I had the ignition system checked
over and in the crankcase was an oil that was
supposed to flow at ten degrees below zero. I say
‘supposed’ because that is what the company
making this oil told me.

   I generally use what is termed as high test gasoline
because I understand that high test vaporizes
quicker. Recently I have been using Sinclair Air-
craft. Are these high test gasolines or aviation
gasolines the same that aviators use? I have an
Alemite Gasolator on the gas line. Does this filter
out any water which may be in the gasoline and
cause it to freeze? Is there any gasoline which will
vaporize in below zero temperatures?

  Is there any oil on the market which will remain
fluid in below zero temperatures? Any that will
allow the starter to turn over freely? Another
thing, about crankcase heaters. I know of the
Coleman Crankcase Heater Co. which heats the oil
when the motor is started. But these heaters heat
the oil after the motor is started. Are there any
crankcase heaters which will heat the oil before the
motor is started? I mean, so a motorist could step
in his car and push a button, pull a lever, or some-
thing of that sort and the oil in the crankcase be-
comes heated for an easy start?
ASK ADVENTURE

189

  Now about the starter. I have had the starter
checked over by experts and they proclaim it O. K.
At present, I have a good U. S. L. thirteen plate
battery in the car. I understand that a thirteen
plate battery is more powerful than an eleven plate
battery. I have heard that the new Oakland is
equipped with a fifteen plate battery. Would that
be more powerful than a thirteen plate battery? If
two batteries were hooked up would that make the
starter twice as powerful? I hope that I have made
this letter clear and explained all that I wish to
know. By the way, I always throw out the clutch
before stepping on the starter in cold weather.”

-ELMER HALKER, Rockford, 111.

  Reply, by Mr. Edmund B. Neil:—It would appear
from the nature of your trouble relative to “hard
starting” of the engine in your car, that basically
the trouble is due to the battery. Although a
thirteen plate battery has a greater capacity than
an eleven plate, it is often the case that the amount
of current required by the starting motor is so large
that the voltage is reduced below that which will
properly operate the ignition system. Ignition sys-
tems as a rule are designed to give a firing spark at
voltages well below the nominal 6 volts constituting
the open circuit voltage of the battery itself, but
even though this is the case, cold weather so reduces
the efficiency of the battery that it sometimes is not
able to maintain a sufficiently high voltage to deliver
a spark through the ignition coil. The remedy for
this condition is the use of a larger battery of fifteen
plates as you suggest, or even larger if you have room
enough to install one of seventeen or more plates.
I have found personally that the larger batteries not
only last much longer in service, thus being worth
the difference in price, but often overcome the
trouble of difficult starting.

  With reference to gasoline, it can be said that the
aircraft fuels vaporize much more rapidly than those
originally used in motor cars, and if the aircraft
gasoline you are now using conforms to or is better
than Government Specifications for aviation gaso-
line, it should be easier to start with this grade than
with the ordinary kinds, ‘provided that' the battery
is delivering sufficient voltage to cause a spark to
jump at the plugs, for obviously, no matter what
type of fuel is used it is impossible to start unless
the plugs are firing. Fuel strainers of the type you
mention do remove water from the gasoline, and if
this is permitted to accumulate in the strainer may
cause stoppage of flow if frozen. However, it re-
quires the presence of quite a little water to block
the flow of fuel with most gasoline strainers.

  While some of the special gasolines vaporize to
some extent at low temperatures, the amount of
vaporization is comparatively small at below zero
temperatures. On the other hand, inability to
vaporize at such low temperatures is greatly offset
by the fact that the engine compression raises the
temperature prior to the time the mixture is fired.
However, I would suggest that you try a mixture of
one-third ethyl ether, sometimes called sulphuric

ether, and two-thirds gasoline injected directly into
the cylinders through the petcocks, (if installed on
your engine), or through a petcock mounted on the
inlet manifold. If a start is not secured with this
mixture you may conclude that the plugs are not
firing, for I know from personal experience that this
ether mixture can be fired at temperatures well below
zero, or in fact under any low temperature con-
ditions.

  With reference to oils, those with low cold test
are much better than those which solidify at fairly
high temperatures. In this connection, you might
try using a winter grade of aviation oil, although
oils of this kind are much more expensive than
ordinary ones, sometimes costing more than twice
as much.

  While it is possible to hook up two batteries, they
should be arranged in parallel in accordance with the
following sketch

and not in series, for if hooked up in series 12 volts
would be delivered, which in turn would probably
injure the starting motor, and possibly the ignition
coil, particularly if 12 volts were permitted to flow
after the engine was warmed up, and to arrange a
series circuit of this kind to eliminate such a difficulty
would result in complication, and at the same time
but little would be gained. The parallel mounting,
although delivering no greater theoretical voltage,
would permit of maintaining a higher actual voltage,
since you would have the equivalent of twice the
number of plates in the battery, which in turn are
responsible for establishing the minimum voltage
drop, caused by the heavy discharge required when
operating the starting motor.

  While crankcase heaters are of value in thinning
the oil, they would not assist you unless you had
one of the electrical type, which could be turned on
prior to the time the engine is started. These heaters
have an electrical resistance unit which heats the
oil before the engine is started. However, I do not
believe such elaborate equipment is necessary if you
use a good grade of oil, and install a larger battery,
or two batteries as arranged in the above sketch.
Your method of releasing the clutch when starting
is of value, since it eliminates the drag of the trans-
mission gears.

  In addition to the above suggestions to use two
batteries, and to try the other gasoline mixture, it is
possible to install an electric choke coil in the igni-
tion system, which will slightly boost the voltage at
190

ADVENTURE

the coil when starting. The use of such a coil is,
however, extremely dangerous, and it must be
thrown out of the circuit immediately after starting,
as it will burn out the ignition coil except at ex-
tremely high engine speeds. At the same time, it
can be used only with a very large battery, so that
until you try this and the other suggestions, I would
rather not give you details about such a device, as
they are not used nor ordinarily recommcndcd by
electrical engineers, due to the danger of destroying
the coil unit and burning of contact points, etc.

Fish

   AIT for small-mouth bass.

  Request:—“I would like to know the different
kinds of bait to use for small-mouth bass, also the
time of season each should be used. We have fresh
water fishing here. Last season I used live minnows
but at times they are hard to get.”

—x. y. z., York, Pa.

  Reply, by Mr. John B. Thompson:—I presume
you refer to artificial baits for small-mouth bass,
since at times you have no success with live min-
nows. Bait casting for them with bassorenos and
kindred wooden plugs brings results most times
during the fishing season, particularly if you watch
when the fish go to the pockets and shallows to feed;
which, in the warm weather, is generally very late
in the evening or early in the morning.

  Spinners, with pork rind and feathered flies at-
tached, are also successfully used. In using a fly
rod, I have great luck casting the cork bodied bass
bugs, and using the standard underwater bass flies
and keeping out of sight of the fish, as much as pos-
sible. You know small-mouth bass like to be near
the rocks, moss and weeds. Many times, they will
not strike if there is no ripple on the water. Let
a breeze come up and immediately they become ac-
tive. I think the reason of this is that they are look-
ing for prey under those conditions and feel both
that they are invisible for some distance to their
prey and, also, the ospreys that often attack them.

Hide

H OW to cure a green one.

  Request:—“I would like any information you
could give me on the subject of the removal of the
hair of a green hide before tanning.

  I have inquired at several book stores for this
information but the best they can do is to refer me
to you.”—b. e. heitzman, San Diego, Calif.

  Reply, by Mr. Seth Bullock:—Clean hide of all fat
and flesh and dry with salt. When thoroughly dry
soak it in clear water for a few days until soft and
pliable. Inspect frequently to see that it is soaking
up the water evenly, using your knife to shave down
thick or hard spots. The skin must be of the same

pliability all over. When completely saturated and
the hard spots shaved down, mix a solution of water
and slaked lime (be sure the lime is slaked or it will
burn and ruin the skin) as follows:

  One pint slaked lime to one gallon water. Mix
enough to cover the skin completely when you im-
merse it.

  Place the hide in this solution and work it around
in it until you are sure that the lime has reached all
parts of the skin. Keep the hide in this solution until
the hair is very loose. When the hair pulls from the
hide almost at a touch the skin should be removed
and not before. Then take the hide from the lime,
tack it up flat with the hair side up and with your
knife or other instrument as a scraper scrape away
all the hair and the grain of the skin. It should come
away with the hair and can be recognized by the
fact that the grain is slightly darker than the skin
underneath.

Navigation
J^OOKS for home study.

  Request:—“I am writing you to find out if you
could advise me of any way I could take up naviga-
tion in my spare time. I have made a few trips to
sea and put six months on a small schooner on the
Chesapeake, but at the present am working ashore.
I will appreciate any information you can give me
and any books you could recommend.”

—norman Morrill, Brooklyn, N. Y.

  Reply, by Mr. Harry E. Rieseberg:—I would
advise you to write to Motor Boat Publishing Co.,
10 East 39th Street, New York, N. Y., and secure
such books as the following:

Elements of Navigation (Henderson).. . .$1.50

 Modern Seamanship (Knight).......... 7.00

 Practical Navigation (Cugle)........... 6.00

 Simplified Navigation (Poor)............75

South

Opportunities in the fishing in-
dustry in the Gulf States.

  Request:—“Would you kindly inform me as to
the possibilities in the fishing industry of the
South?

  I have for some time figured on trying my luck
somewhere along the Gulf of Mexico. However,
have not been able to make up my mind what part
of this vast stretch of coast to drop my hook in.

  What types of boats are used, sail or gas, and
what are the prices?

  When does the red snapper season begin and
how long does it last? Are marketing conditions
favorable, and marketing places frequent along the
Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and Florida coasts?

  Must I obtain a license to engage in general fish-
ing for the market in any or all of the aforemen-
tioned States?
ASK ADVENTURE

191

i

  Is there any market for salted fish?

  Are shrimp caught along the entire Gulf Coast?

  How is the hunting in those States?

  Is there an open season on wild ducks and geese?

  Is shark-fishing a paying proposition and what are
the best markets?

  Is the use of a seine permitted and practical, or axe
only gillnets used?

  Is there any possibility of coastwise trading,
meaning only legal articles?”-—caul c. haas, San
Francisco, Cal.

  Reply, by Mr. Hapsburg Liebe:—Commercial
fishing is not strictly in my line, but I do know a
little about it. Nearly all the commercial fishermen
I know are poor men; those who have made good,
most of them, established fish-houses and had their
own outfits. It is a pretty difficult game, ordi-
narily.

  I am not aware that there is a closed season on
red snapper. This fish is taken on hook and line,
hand-lines, you know, and usually brings a good
price. To catch them one ordinarily goes far out,
taking ice, and stays anywhere from three to ten
days. There are plenty of marketing places; i. e.,
fish-houses.

  Yes, you would need a license for commercial
fishing, but it shouldn’t cost very much. Salted
fish? There must be a market for salted mackerel
and salted mullet, since they are sold at retail in
the markets. As for shrimp, I know only that there
are shrimping outfits working out of Apalachicola,
Pensacola, and Fernandina, Florida.

  With regard to hunting in the States you name,

there is always more or less of quail, with more or
less of bigger game in the farther back sections.
Game is not as plentiful, by any means, as it was
only a few years ago. There has been so much
hunting. Open seasons are tightening up now, and
hunters’ licenses are costing more, especially for
non-residents, and perhaps this will increase the
game supply somewhat.

  There is an open season on wild duck. Don’t
know about geese for the present winter (inci-
dentally, I have seen very few geese in the South).
Game laws differ, not only in States but in counties
in the same State, so much that it is hard to keep
track of them. Write the State Game Warden, at
the capital city of any State you wish to hunt in, and
ask for free pamphlet copy of game laws, to be safe.

  Shark-fishing? There was a company down at
Ft. Myers that tried to make a success of it com-
mercially, but I understand they petered out. I
guess it would be a hard thing to make go.

  I am told that seines are permitted, in salt water,
on open shores, but not in passes, not for stop-
netting, and that they may not be used above
certain points in narrow bays and bayous. The
seine is practical if it is long enough, for fish that
come inshore; a power-boat is necessary to “lay
the spread,” of course.

  As for coastwise trading, I don’t know; it might
work. I am enclosing a newspaper article having
to do with this; perhaps you will find it of interest.

  To get back to snapper-fishing—this is usually
done on a schooner, a sea worthy vessel. Skipper,
mate (when they have one), cook, and the men all
work for “shares.”

Our Experts—They have been chosen by us not only for their knowledge and experience but with an
eye to their integrity and reliability. We have emphatically assured each of them that his advice or infor-
mation is not to be affected in any way by whether a commodity is or is not advertised in this magazine.

They will in all cases answer to the best of their ability, using their own discretion in all matters pertain-
ing to their sections, subject only to our general rules for “Ask Adventure,” but neither they nor the maga-
zine assume any responsibility beyond the moral one of trying to do the best that is possible.

1.	Service—It is free to anybody, provided self-addressed envelop and full postage, not attached, are en-
    closed. Correspondents writing to or from foreign countries will please enclose International Reply
    Coupons, purchasable at any post-office, and exchangeable for stamps of any country in the Interna-
    tional Postal Union. Be sure that the issuing office stamps the coupon in the left-hand circle.

2.	Where to Send—Send each question direct to the expert in charge of the particular section whose
    field covers it. He will reply by mail. Do NOT send questions to this magazine.

3.	Extent of Service—No reply will be made to requests for partners, for financial backing, or for
    chances to join expeditions. “Ask Adventure” covers business and work opportunities, but only if
    they are outdoor activities, and only in the way of general data and advice. It is in no sense an em-
    ployment bureau.

4.	Be Definite—Explain your case sufficiently to guide the expert you question.

A complete list of the "Ask Adventure’’ experts appears in the first issue of each month ,
THE TRAIL AHEAD

The next issue of
ADVENTURE
May ist

Bugles

  By ARTHUR O. FRIEL I

A gripping novelette of a Venezuelan
Robin Hood. When the blast of his bugles
was heard on the llanos, men knew that
the Hawk and his avenging band rode to enforce justice among

them.

Confusion to the Enemy

By BERTRAND W. SINCLAIR

No part of the Southwest was tame in those days—and the Pecos
River country was considered wild! An extraordinarily vivid
novelette of Border life.

f^And— Other Good Stories

Cargoes, a powerful tale of clipper ship days, by Captain Dingle; A Gen-
tleman’s Game, a story of Southern Rhodesia, by Ferdinand Berthoud;
Peculiar Officers, a story of the Air Service, by H. P. S. Greene; Norse
Treasure in Nova Scotia, an article about a mysterious Viking cache in
North America, by Allen Willey; Hornet, when a cattle rustler turns
square, by Oscar E. Jensen; Domain, an adventure in civilization among
the hilbillies, by Fiswoode Tarleton; The Obliterated Buddha, a story
of Shanghai and a fascinating game of Oriental wits, by James W. Bennett
and Soong Kwen-ling; and another fine instalment of Handicaps, a novel
of circus flyers and the Kentucky racetracks, by Thomson Burtis.

192
(You Fellows

 Who 'Want-

BIG

Getinto

$30 A DAY

Dear Mr. Cooke:

I was making $25
a week when I en-
rolled. Now with
my own Electrical
Shop I make as
high as -j8$0 a day.
A. J. Daigneault,
225 Worcester,
Southbridge,
Mass.

                          earn $15 or $20 or $30 a week,
                  v v when in the same six days as an Elec-
                  trical Expert, you can make $70 to $200
                  — and do it easier — not work half so
                  hard. Why, then, remain in a small-pay,
                  no-future job that offers no chance for
                  big promotion — no chance for big in-
                  come? Fit yourself for a real job. Get
                  into Electricity. That’s where the big
                  money is being made, and always will be made.

Electricity — The Big Pay Field

                    Today even_ the ordinary Electrician—the “screw
                    driver” kind—is making money—big money. But it’s the
                    trained man-the Electrical Expert,-who makes the really
                    big money, — $12 to $30 a day — $70 to $200 a week. Be a
                    Big-Pay man, yourself. Get in line, now, for one of these
                    “Big-Pay” Jobs.

I’ll Train You At Home

                      I’ll train you at home, — in your spare time. You work
                      just as you are working now—at your same job. My now
                      famous" Work-Sheet and Job-Ticket”method, guarantees
                      you simplified, practical training along work-shop lines.
                      In a few short months you can stepout of your old job into
                      a new job—into electrical work where you can be a Big-Pay
                      man in this Big-Pay field.

You Earn As You Leant

                      To learn Electricity my way you don’t have to be a Col-
                      lege man, or even a High School graduate. You can read.
                      You can write. That’s enough. With me, you get experi-
                      ence as you go along and make good money while learning.
                      I’ll show you how, — and I’ll give you, without extra cost
                      tools and apparatus to work with—6 Big Outfits in all.

Money Back It Not Satisfied

                      That’s what I agree to do. And back of me in this ag-
                      reement stands the Chicago Engineering Works, a
                      $2,000,000 Illinois Corporation. There’s nothing like
                      “Cooke” Training, anywhere. It’s the Training that
                      big Electrical men are praising; it’s the Training that em-
                      ployers recommend; it’s the Training that one of our
                      greatest Engineering societies, has endorsed 100 percent.
                      It’s the Training for you.

/I~“Y°“’re$7°AWeek

 M	Don’t wait a minute! Find out today why "The Cooke

  ■a	I ■1 Trained man is the Big-Pay Man”, everywhere! Find out

how “Cooke” Training will help you boost your pay! Mail

 ■ M	---coupon right now for my Big FREE Book of Facts. See

J|f ITET TV ^*ie	Working-Outfits I give you without extra

  ^1V(| Jl JTm Ji*9 charge. See the hundreds of pictures, the proofs, the
      ^	Big-Pay letters of other “Cooke” Trained Men. Get

  NO EXTRA this great free Book. Send for it today. Clip, sign, and
                 g mail coupon RIGHT NOW!

L. L. COOKE, Chief Instruction Engineer

L. L. COOKE SCHOOL
OF ELECTRICITY

Dept. 384
*150 Lawrence Ave.

Chicago, Illinois

$1.50 AN HOUR

Dear Mr. Cooke:

I had to work like
a slave for 45c an
hour before I en-
rolled. Now

fl .50 an hour.

G. W. Oprea,
4220 N. Meade Av.
| Chicago, 111.

ewiit

   Hundreds of Men
   I have trained
   are now earning

 70<I00

A WEEK*

 So Can You

 w

(D

•ft

 L. L. COOKE, Chief Instruction Engineer,

 Dept. 384, 2150 Lawrence A?e., Chicago, III.

 Send me FREE and prepaid, your Big Book * ‘Secrets of
 Success in Electricity,’’ with ell details about your
 Home Study Course in Electricity.

Residents of Canada send coupon to R. A, Far-
row, Special Representative,7 Medbury i^ane.
East, Windsor, Ontario, Canada.

The “Cooke’Trained Man is the Big Pay ’’Man
...m more
ipes every

,* A JuuJlAJ

                   PIPE smokers tell us that Granger is the coolest-
                   smoking tobacco they’ve ever found . . .

                   That it keeps their pipes sweeter, cleaner and
                   drier than ever before . . .

                   That it never leaves a soggy “heel,” no matter
                   how steadily they smoke.

      The reason? Granger’s big flakes (Rough
      Cut) burn slowly, evenly and completely to a dry,
      clean ash.

     And “Wellman’s Method”—an old-time
     tobacco secret—mellows this fine old Kentucky
     Burley to rare perfection!

       Packaged in heavy foil (instead of costly tin),
       therefore ten cents.

^Granger

i.TGGETT & Myers Tobacco Co.

    ROUGH CUT