FICTION and LIFE-STORIES
of the Prize Ring by the
World's Best Sport Writers
 WHAT thrill could compare with this
 —what sport could bring- you the
 tingling, breath-taking adventure of this
 fascinating, new occupation—the game
 for men with sporting blood ! See life—
 win applause—thrills—big money—step
 into a field of excitement and daring—
 away from the monotony of tame, nar-
 row humdrum everyday life!

   Think what Aviation offers you. Thrills such
 as you never had before! The praise
 and plaudits of the multitude. And a
 chance to get in on the ground floor
 where rewards may be unlimited !

      Amazing Opportunities

   Aviation is growing so swiftly that
 one can hardly keep track of all
 the astonishing new developments.

 Air mail routes have just been ex-
 tended to form a vast aerial net-
 work over the entire U. S. Airlines
 and airplane factories are springing
 up all over the country. Men like
 Henry Ford are investing millions in
 the future of commercial Aviation in America!
 The possibilities are so tremendous that they
 stagger imagination!

   Everything is set for one of the greatest booms
 in history. Big fortunes came out of the auto-
 mobile industry and out of motion pictures. Big
 fortunes will also come out of Aviation. The
 development of Aviation as an industry is bringing
 with it a call for trained men. Those who qualify
 quickly should find themselves on the road to

unusual earnings—success—popularity—and prom-
inence.

Easy to Get Into Aviation by this Home
Study Method

  Get into this thrilling business at once while the field is
  new and uncrowded. Now—by a unique new plan—you can
  quickly secure at home, during spare time, the preliminary
  training necessary to get a start in the Aviation Industry.
  Experts will teach you the secrets—(jive you the inside facts
  that are essential to your success. And the study of Aviation
  by our method is almost as fascinating as the actual work
  itself. Every lesson is chock-full of interest—and so absorb-
  ing that you actually forget you are studying. But best of
  all are the ultimate rewards you are fitting yourself to gain.

                Send for FREE Book

                 Send the coupon for our now free booklet-—
                 Opportunities in the Air planIndustry. It Is
                 unusually interesting, reads like a romance, anti
                 Kives vital facts about Aviation you probably never
                 even dreamed of. You owe it to yourself to at
                 least read it. We otter you a free copy now. No
                 obligation. Mail the coupon for yours today.

          American School of Aviation

            3601 Michigan Ave.

             Chicago, Illinois Jflj

NOWFREE fapl

 I American School of Aviat'on,	.....

  • Dept. l,-,-A. 3601 Michigan Ave..

 I Without obligation please send me your FREE book. I1
 Opportunities in !hr Airplane Industry. Also information
 | about your Home Study course in I'radical Aviation.	■

| Name.............................. Age..........

| Address ........... .............................. J

| City .......................... State............. |

 Pick Your Job!

   Flying

  Airplane Repairman

   Airplane	Mechanician
   Airplane Inspector

   Airplane	Salesman

   Airplane	Assembler

   Airplane	Builder

   Airplane	Pilot

   Airplane	Instructor

   Airplane	Contractor

   Airplane	Engineer
   Aerial Photography
   Aerial Advertising
ACTION STORIES of the PRIZE RING

Vol. I, No. 1	JUNE, 1928	20c a copy; $2.50 a year

“Shoot That Left!” (Complete Novel)	George Bruce ... 3

    Bmter’s left was the terror of the ring, but there came a night zvhen it hung limp and
                useless while the referee’s count climbed slowly upward-/

The Durable Dane (Life-Story Serial)	Jack Kofoed ... 41

Battling Nelson—who never took a backward step! His attack was his defense.

Battlin’ Beppo (Complete Novelet) . . T. W. Ford ... 54

He took fighting as a joke—until he found the cards stacked against himI

Referee’s Decision.......Arthur J. Burks . . 72

    Gillis had a Leatherneck’s courage, but beyond the ring lay a terror that seared his soul.

Breed of Champions......Jack Byrne ... 80

He was born of a fighting breed—yet his very heritage made him yellowI

Famous Fights I Have Seen .... Old Timer .... 88

When Ketchel met Papke—a drama-packed page of ring history, told by one who saw it.

The Unknown Kid.......E. R. Vadeboncoeur	95

The “wise money” was on the other scrapper—and only the Kid knew why I

Keeping Fit........Jimmy De Forest . . 103

    You’ll be a real he-man if you follow these timely tips by a trainer of many champs!

Framed!.........Bill Britt .... 106

Peter Anson, true to a promise, refused to fight. So they "framed” him—/

Champions of Past and Present . . . Fight Stories Editor . 114

Paste these dope sheets in your hat and win the next argument about scrappers.

The Neutral Corner......Fight Stories Readers 117

Here’s the safest place to air your views, swap yarns or "ask us another!”

Cover design by Abell Sturges.	Story heads by Abell Sturges and Allan Thomas

Published Monthly by FIGHT STORIES, INC., 271 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.

J. W. Glenister, President: J. B. Kelly, Treasurer. Copyrighted, 1928, Fiction House, Inc. Printed in
U. S. A. All Rights Reserved. This magazine is a member of the FICTION HOUSE GROUP. For adver-
tising rates address Rhodes & Leisenring Co., 624 Graybar Building, New York City, or Fisher & Agard, Tnc..
1618 Mailers Bldg., Chicago, 111. Tliis is a magazine of fiction—the characters named and happenings described
are imaginary. Application for Second-Class MatteT pending.

JULY FIGHT STORIES on the stands JUNE 10
All Wool

Guaranteed!

Stylish!
Dressy!

 Think of it! For only $1.00 down you can have
 a suit made to measure from this splendid
 fine weave all wool blue serge suiting. Soft
 and silky in texture, thoroughly preshrunk, the
 finished suit will stand lots of wear and also hold
 its shape. Tailored in first-class style, full lined with
 lustrous wool alpaca. Coat is cut in the new 3-but-
 ton “Executive Model” making an ideal business
 man’s suit. Five button no collar vest. Stylish fit-
 ting trousers with medium fullness, with or without
 cuffs as ordered. You take no risk as we stand
 back of this suit as to the fit, style and quality.

 Just give us your measurements also height and
 weight. Have a tailored suit that you’ll be proud
 to wear. Sizes 35 to 44.

 Order by No. A-45 S. Term*: $1.00 with coapon, then only

      $4.85 a month

   Total Bargain Price only $29.95

6 Months!? Pay!

 suit one can have.
 No C.O.D. to pay.

 Send only $1.00 deposit now. No risk (see coupon).
 Get this suit on approval. Try it on—see the perfect

 fit—compare the value—the style—everything—then if absolutely satis-
 fied take 6 months to pay the special price. Send coupon and $1-00 Now.

Send Coupon and ONLY $1.00 NOW!

Elmer Richards Co.

Dept. m200 W. 35th Street, Chicago

 I enclose $1 deposit. Send All Wool Navy Blue Serge Suit
 No. A-45 S. If I am not perfectly satisfied I can return it and get
 my money back. If I keep it I will pay $4.65 a month until I
 have paid $29.95 in alL

Height________________Weight..._____

Waist...............Jnxeam--------

Nam* __________

 Address

P. O.-------------------------------State

 (Be inre to fill oat airaple Beunreiaati above thin injuring perfect fit.)

.. Chest______________

Trousers With Cuffs □
Without Cuffs □

 Please mention Fiction House Group when answering advertisements
 “Shoot That Left!”

Moan Cassidy had made him. Moan Cassidy, with the ceaseless advice to
“Shoot that left!” had brought him to a battle with the champion. But there
came a time when the frantic cries of a heart-broken Cassidy were not
enough—when the referee’s count climbed slowly upward—and Buster

Martin did not stir!

Complete Fight Novel

“O H00T ’at left> Buster!”

       The booming order came
' from one corner of the roped-
off space, defying the Commission’s or-
der against coaching from the comer.
The mouth that uttered it was the most
prominent part of a rather large, red
face—a red that at the moment threat-
ened apoplexy. The heavy roll-necked
sweater lettered on the back with the
name “Buster Martin” heralded the
pugilistic affiliation of the man who
wore it. He shook his head disgustedly
and looked around at the news-writers
at the press table for sympathy.

  ‘‘Look at that!” he moaned to the
crowd at large. “Look at that! He’s
got that monkey tied up in a knot—he’s

got him ready for the pay-off and he’s
in there playing tag with him instead
of sockin’ him where it’ll do the most
good.”

  He lifted a large checkered cap off
his bald head and mopped a perspir-
ation-beaded forehead vigorously with a
large red handkerchief.

  A moment later his eyes were again
following the two fighters in the ring.
His face was redder and apoplexy was
a stride nearer. He made clutching mo-
tions with his stubby fingers. He
danced around in the limited space about
him and feinted imaginary opponents
into large and free openings; he crossed
his right at the empty air to register a
mental knockout.

3
4

Fight Stories

  Around the corner of the ring the
radio announcer, a smile upon his face,
was telling the listening universe:

  “This is a laugh. ‘Moan’ Cassidy,
the manager of Buster Martin, is over
there in his corner fighting the fight for
him. Cassidy is a fat individual who
has managed the lightweight sensation
in all of his fights and he sure puts his
heart into his work. There! Cassidy,
with a right swing at empty space, has
just succeeding in knocking the empty
air for a loop—yea, boy!—what a swipe!
Cassidy nearly took a nose dive into the
press table—oh, it’s a great life!”
“Shoot 'at left, Buster!” The boom-
ing voice again swept over the ring.

   Inside the ropes, on the resined can-
vas, Buster Martin heard the message.
He straightened up. There was a grin
on his face; no mistaking it—it was a
grin of pleasure. He glanced at his op-
ponent for an instant, looking him over ;
his right arm moved forward—flashed
forward, rather.

  The party of the second part, Kid
McCabe, ducked the right he thought
was about to arrive—and ran his face
smack into the left glove of Buster
Martin. The sharp spat of the blow
could be heard all over the huge build-
ing. A crimson flow started from the
nostrils of McCabe.

  Martin was dancing easily away—the
grin more pronounced. He glanced
toward his corner and saw the same
grin on the face of Moan Cassidy.

  “Yea boy! Stab him goofy, Buster!”
Cassidy was yelping. “Use ’at left!
Whoops—who’s this guy, anyway? We
could lick him every night for a week!”
Back in the ring, McCabe put his
head down and bored in. He was a
dangerous body-puncher. Low-hung,
squat, hard-headed, cauliflower-eared,
bullet-domed, hairy-chested, he looked
more like a heavyweight coal miner
than a lightweight boxer. He was com-
ing in close, his arms working from
his hips like tireless pistons.

  Martin danced away; now and then
that lightning-like left flicked out and

smacked against the almost unprotected
face of McCabe. Each time it landed it
damaged that face. It had one eye
closed and purple. It had McCabe’s nose
battered flat. It had McCabe’s lips raw
and bleeding. But McCabe bored in.

   Still grinning, Martin walked into the
hulking Kid. He measured him care-
fully and let go a left and right to the
head. They went home with a velocity
of a mule’s kick. McCabe settled back
upon his heels and shook his head
rapidly to clear away the effect of the
punches.

   Up in the gallery, in the dark shadows
of the roof, a shrill voice screamed
down: “Oh, what a sock! Oh, what a
sweet baby! Nail him, Buster—slap
the big boob for a row—Yow—did you
see that left? Write him a letter, Bus-
ter, the big hick forgets to duck—■
Whoopee!”

   Buster Martin, in and out, a gliding
phantom with a punch of a Dempsey in
either hand, played with his man. The
whole crowd, including the newspaper
men and the radio announcer, knew that
he was playing with McCabe. He
evaded the slower-moving Kid with
ridiculous ease. He hit him at will. In
the clinches he tied him up in knots.
Usually Buster had one arm free while
McCabe was completely helpless.
Whenever this happened, Martin would
tap him playfully on the back of the
head or pound him in the ribs—merely
to show him what could be done if
Buster decided to do it.

  The radio announcer was telling the
listeners in:

   “He’s a nice boy, this Buster Martin.
Up there in his trunks and gloves he
looks more like a Sunday school kid
than a fighter who has knocked out
every good boy who has faced him.
McCabe hasn’t so much as mussed his
hair up yet and this is almost the end
of the second round.

   “Martin’s skin is white and he’s beau-
tifully formed. His arms and legs have
those flat muscles that are the joy of
a trainer’s heart, and his face is young
“Shoot That Left!”

S

ana fresh—just like a school kid's. If
he’s taken any hard knocks in the ring
game—and he's taken plenty—they don't
show. He hasn't a mark on him any-
where. No flat ears. No flat nose—
bright eyes, and a smile that kind of
makes you want to laugh with him.

  "Every time he looks down here and
grins I have to grin back at him—his
smile is that contagious. He’s been
playing with McCabe all the way
through the fight. Dancing around him
—peppering him with straight left jabs
mixed up with a flock of hooks and
short rights that remind you of Dempsey
at his best. He doesn’t bore in like
Dempsey did—he’s a boxer, not a
fighter—but, folks, he has about the
stiffest punch in either hand that we've
ever observed in a lightweight and he
knows how to use that punch.

  “A couple of seconds ago he almost
flattened McCabe with a one-two to the
jaw. McCabe was hurt—no doubt
about it—and Martin went dancing
away. He’s holding McCabe now—in
a clinch, a big grin on his face, and he
just looked over McCabe’s shoulder—
down here at us—and believe it or not,
he winked at us deliberately. He’s sure
having a lot of fun up there if appear-
ances count for anything and McCabe
doesn't seem to be bothering him at all
— 'Bull’ McCabe, rated as being the
toughest lightweight in the division with
the exception of the champion, Sailor
Madden. It looks as if the Sailor was
due for a stormy night when he meets
this Martin boy for the championship—
which he must do. There’s the bell,
folks—turning the ‘mike’ over to our
friend, Boston Blackie for a few sec-
onds of fun.”

Buster martin jogged to his

corner in a dancing shuffle. He ig-
nored the ready stool for a moment to
look out over the house. Finally, Moan
Cassidy hauled him to a sitting position
on the stool through sheer strength so
that the seconds could work on him.

  “Nix on the towel,” he grinned, wav-

ing away the man in front of him. “I
ain’t got a sweat up yet. I ain't
breathin’ at all.”

  Cassidy’s face was anxious and omi-
nous. “Listen, Buster,” he warned,
speaking rapidly. "Don't play with this
Kid McCabe—<lon’t play with him for
no sucker, either. He’s too good a boy.
Don’t make no mistake like that. You
listen to old Moan Cassidy. You go
back in there and knock his block off
in ten seconds if you can—hear? Don't
monkey. If that bird ever cops you with
his short right to the jaw—well, you re-
member Phil Ross—the kid that was
billed as a coming champ just before
you came up?—well, McCabe ruined
him forever with a right to the heart
and a short right to the jaw. Now Ross
is out—done for. Don’t play—please,
Buster—”

  “Forget it!” advised Buster with his
grin. “I can take him when 1 want to.
What do I want to make a palooka out
of this guy for? He’s o. k. I don’t
have to make a monkey out of him in
front of this gang, do I? Let him ride
—let him go on. Who wants to take
his bread and butter away from him?
I don’t. I’ll get him—but—”

  Cassidy shook his head in exasper-
ation. “Listen, boy!” he half shouted.
“That egg over there will knock you out
from under your hair the first chance
he gets. He ain’t worried over your
bread and butter. He ain’t worried
about nothin’ except a shot at Sailor
Madden for the title. He’d knock you
kickin’ in the first round if he could.
Bull McCabe—that’s him. You paste
him for keeps and contribute to his old
age if you want to, but don’t play with
him in there—get me ?—paste him—
stab him with ’at left and hook him
with the right—put out the lights—right
now! These birds down here are say in’
that you’re givin’ him a ride, that you’re
gettin’ soft hearted. What they say
goes a long way—them guys pull in the
money at the gate—and they got a lot
to say about your gettin’ a title shot.
The guys in the gallery want a socker
6

Fight Stories

and rocker. Show ’em that ol’ punch
and they’ll rave over you—”

  The ten second whistle—then the
gong.

  “Remember,” Cassidy sang after
Buster. “Use ’at left—and make it
curtains for the night!”

CHAPTER II
The Count of Nine

MARTIN shuffled forward into the
center of the ring. McCabe came
out—a blue lump under his jaw where
Martin’s sharpshooting right had caught
him in the previous round. His eye
looked better. His seconds had been
working on him furiously through the
minute rest. His head was down, bob-
bing from side to side, his hands at his
hips, his square jaw set in a snarl. He
was shuffling forward, almost like a
tank over rough ground. His little,
deep-set eyes were fixed 011 Martin’s
face. He meant danger in large letters.

  Martin laughed at him—at the attack.
He stepped in and belted him on the
jaw with a long, looping right. It shook
McCabe but it didn’t stop him. Martin
clinched and tied him up. He looked
toward his own corner in the clinch,
the big grin on his face and his eyelid
drooped in a wink at the worried Cas-
sidy.

  For answer, Cassidy ripped the
checkered cap from off his head, threw
it down on the floor amid the cigar butts
and jumped up and down on the un-
offending headgear.

  Buster Martin laughed outright and,
pushing the lumbering McCabe away
from him, stabbed him with a straight
left to the injured eye. McCabe mut-
tered feelingly and charged like a mad
bull.

  They were in a neutral corner with
Martin close to the ropes. Martin, liked
work at the ropes. He was clever and
fast and usually he could feint a man
into any old position, then duck out into

the open without being hit. This time
he feinted the enraged McCabe into
leading with his left, and, as he did so,
Martin nailed him with a stiff right to
the jaw—and then it happened—but
listen to the radio announcer:

  “Martin is trapped in a neutral cor-
ner. He’s grinning at McCabe. Mc-
Cabe leads a left and Martin crosses
with a right to the jaw—Martin ducks
—ow! McCabe starts a right for the
heart from down around his hips. It
hit Martin under the heart and lifted
him fairly off his feet.

  “Martin’s eyes are glazed and his
mouth is hanging open—he's hurt—
badly! McCabe is all over him, throw-
ing punches at his jaw. Martin is try-
ing to cover up. He’s sagging at one
knee. Ow! McCabe lands a right flush
on Martin’s jaw—flush on the button!

  “Martin is going down, folks—he’s
folding up, kind of. McCabe shoots
another right to the jaw as the boy is
falling—he’s on the floor—Martin—a
knockdown! The timekeeper is count-
ing—McCabe is being waved to the far
corner of the ring The referee is lis-
tening for the timekeeper’s count. He
takes it up at three. He lifts his arm—
listen—you can hear him count—
‘Four!’ Martin is quivering on the floor;
McCabe is over in the neutral corner
glowering like a tiger that has tasted
blood. He looks as if he’d like to kill
the referee for keeping him off the
fallen Martin.

  “It looks as if Martin is out cold—
he’s trying to struggle to his feet—his
limbs are trying to move—the referee
is still counting—‘Seven’—hear him?
The boy’s eyes are clearing. Moan
Cassidy is over there chewing the neck
of his sweater to ribbons—”

  Cassidy was moaning in agony.
“Buster—Buster—get up, boy! Please
—for old Moan—get up, son! Don’t
take it down there! Get up and cover.
That’s the lad, Buster—please—!”

  The radio announcer again:

  “He’s struggling, folks. Martin is
trying to get to his feet. ‘Nine!’ chants
“Shoot That Left!”

7

the referee. He's up—Martin's up,
people!—the first man who ever got up
after McCabe hit him with a short right
to the heart and jaw! He‘s up—he’s
groggy—but he’s covering up and back-
ing away.

  "McCabe is swarming all over him,
shooting punches wildly. They’re most-
ly hitting Martin on the head and shoul-
ders or missing him altogether. He's
down again—down on one knee—taking
another count for a rest—to let his head
clear some more. The round has twen-
ty seconds to go; Martin will use nine
of those precious seconds before he gets
up. He’s up—at nine! His head seems
cleared. He’s tying McCabe up—there
you are!—he’s trying to grin again.
McCabe is trying to tear himself away
—the bell—!”

MARTIN staggered to his comer
and threw himself wearily down
upon the stool. Cassidy was on him in
an instant. The smelling salts were
tinder Buster’s nose. A second was
rubbing his stomach muscles. Moan
Cassidy was whispering in his ear:

  “I told you, lad—I told you if he hit
you it was curtains. Buster, look at
me. Don’t never do that again—it ain’t
in the game! Don’t try to carry this
bird. Look at him over there—glow-
erin’ at you. He’s thinkin’ that he’s
goin’ to take yon next round. You stay
away from him, boy—stay away until
you feel yourself. Play for a draw.
Two knockdowns is bad—”

  Buster Martin’s face was red and his
breathing was almost normal again. A
great red welt showed beneath his heart
where McCabe’s plunging fist had al-
most shocked the heart into stillness. A
robin’s egg was forming on the side of
his jaw. His eyes were blazing. He
seemed a fighter transformed. He
leaned forward eagerly in his chair after
fifteen seconds of the minute’s rest.

  "Draw nothin’!” he breathed in Cas-
sidy’s ear through set teeth. “I’m go-
ing out and punch that guy through the
canvas. I’m goin' to hit him with

everything except the referee. I won’t
play with him this time—you watch!”

  The bell rang.

  Martin leaped half across the ring
before the echo of the gong was still.
He trapped the slower moving McCabe
coming out of his own corner. He set
himself, his fists at a slugging position,
and greeted McCabe with a solid right
to the jaw; then he tore in, working
both hands from underneath. The spat
—spat—spat of gloves on flesh could
be heard above the roar of the crowd.
He was driving jolting bruising, man-
killing body punches from his knees
into McCabe’s mid section. McCabe
tried to back away, to give ground, but
the furious fighting machine that was
Buster Martin smothered him under an
avalanche of blows and drove him to
the ropes, hands working tirelessly,
pumping through McCabe’s weak de-
fense—over-hand rights, short lefts,
left hooks to the jaw, jolting uppercuts.

  He stepped back and looked McCabe
over coolly. There was no grin on his
face now. It was drawn up into grim
lines—the lines of a fighter—and his
eyes were gleaming like the eyes of a
wild-cat. His right flashed out. The
sock, as it landed, jarred the newspaper
men below the ring. They were for-
getting all about typewriters and news-
papers for the minute. They were
watching Martin—speech forgotten,
cigarets forgotten—the sight of a “nice”
body transformed into a demon of
scientific destruction.

  Cassidy's voice was heard again—
despite the rule against coaching! “Use
’at left, Buster. Use ’at left!"

  As if Cassidy’s voice was the signal,
Martin’s left flashed out. It tilted Mc-
Cabe’s bullet head backward a trifle;
there was an almost imperceptible pause,
then Martin’s right lashed out.

  It did not travel more than eight
inches. It went in, shoulder high, land-
ing squarely on the jaw, and the thud
shook even Martin’s body. McCabe
stiffened on his feet while Martin
stepped back. The boy did not so much
8

Fight Stories

as look back at his handiwork. He de-
liberately walked away to a neutral cor-
ner and McCabe plunged f'ace down-
ward into the resined canvass.

NO one was interested in the count.
The referee might have counted
to a hundred and ten. The seats—back
in the darkness away from the bril-
liantly-lit ring—were rocking, scream-
ing, yelling, bellowing. The men around
the press tables were standing on their
chairs, gazing at McCabe on the floor
—for the first time in his life.

  In the neutral corner, Martin waited
until he saw the referee’s hand rise and
fall with the tenth count, then he walked
straight to his corner, donned his black
and gold bathrobe and climbed through
the ropes.

  The Arena was in an uproar! They
were shrieking his name to the high
heavens. His face had lost the grim
look of concentration. The grin was
also absent. He looked like a serious-
faced boy who had beerVnear to danger.

  A surging mob of fans grabbed him
as he came down the steps from the
ring. They lifted him high and danced
away with him in the direction of ,the
dressing rooms. A police squad bat-
tered its way into the mob and rescued
him. There was a look of pain on the
boy's face. Cassidy was raving and
tearing at the shoulders of the gang that
barred him from his precious boy. They
merely laughed at him.

  In the dressing room with the door
barred, Cassidy went over the lad with
minute care. He shook his head as his
hand pressed down on a soft spot be-
neath the heart that was still red from
McCabe’s terrific body punch. There
was a peculiar softness there. “A
broken rib, or I’m a bum guesser,” mut-
tered Cassidy.

  “Hurts like the dickens,” informed
Buster, trying to grin. “That bozo has
a punch like a battering ram. Believe
me, 1 heard the little birdies singing
when he hit me with that right to the
heart and pounded me on the jaw. I

felt like Niagara Falls on a big day—
going down—could hear you yellin’ at
me to get up—but I couldn’t. Don't
press so hard on that rib!”

  The house doctor confirmed Cassidy’s
diagnosis; Buster had a fractured rib.
They bound him tightly about the
middle with adhesive tape before he left
the dressing room. Outside, the fans
howled the louder when they learned
that Buster had staged his great rally
with a fractured rib.

  Cassidy was telling him things again.
“Don’t never do nothin’ like that again,
Buster,” he was begging. “When you
was on the floor I nearly swallowed me
teeth. If he had nailed you for keeps
—well, there’d have been two of us out.
Now it’s nothing but this Madden bird
—and we’re the champs. A little lay off
until that rib heals and a little light work
after that—and you’ll wake up one of
these mornings to see your name in the
papers in big type—“Buster Martin,
Lightweight Champion of the World.!'
and old Moan Cassidy will be the hap-
piest man this side of Canarsie.”

  Buster patted the old man on the
back affectionately. “Don’t you worry
about me, Pop,” he said happily. “From
now, on, when you yell ‘Shoot ’at left!’
—I’m Shoot in’ it!”

  They left the Arena by a back en-
trance. The street out in front was
filled with a wild mob of rabid fans
who wanted a look at the newest and
brightest star in the constellation of
Caulifloweria.

CHAPTER III

Newsboy to Contender

MOAN CASSIDY was a wise man-
ager. Moan knew all the tricks
of the trade and was still honest. He
never cut a boy more than thirty-three
and a third and he always gave him a
square shot. He never sold a leather-
pusher out in his life—merely for the
jack he could collect from the other
“Shoot That Left!”

9

camp—and as a consequence his bank
roll was not so fat as it might have
been.

  The newswriters had a habit of kid-
ding old Moan Cassidy whenever he
breezed into town with a new ‘‘pros-
pect” under one wing. Moan was al-
ways about to break forth with a cham-
pion of the universe. Up to now Moan
had never watched the announcer raise
the mitt of one of his boys as “the new
champion of his class and of the world”
and Moan’s fiercest and greatest ambi-
tion was to manage a champion some
day.

  Moan was getting old, up around the
sixty mark; still no champion. Then
he had happened upon Buster Martin.
It was a street fight. Buster was em-
ployed in giving another newsboy a
tasty beating—a very tasty beating from
the standpoint of ringcraft. He was
using that famous left hand with telling
effect—and exactly one minute and
twenty seconds, by Moan’s watch, after
Moan’s approach he flattened his bigger
and stronger opponent with a right cross
to the jaw. It was then that Moan had
stepped in.

  “Who’s trainin’ you. lad?” asked
Moan. ,

  “Trainin’ who for what?” demanded
the newsboy of the laughing blue eyes.

  “Trainin’ you to handle your mitts
like that?” repeated Cassidy. “Where
are you fightin’ when you ain’t sellin’
papers ?”

  “Nobody’s trainin' me,” responded
Buster proudly. “When I hit ’em they
stay hit—at least, they always have.”

  Moan departed from the corner
thinking deeply. Next day he was
around again and the next day and for
many days after.

  Finally he startled the kid by offering
to get him a fight—a preliminary at one
of the clubs. Buster looked his amaze-
ment. But it took him just as long to
accept as it did to say ‘Yes/ And Bus-
ter Martin had been launched on the
route to fame and fortune.

  That first fight of Buster’s had been

a joke. Buster had walked into the
ring, looked at the bird in the opposite
corner, grinned at Cassidy, moulded his
gloves over his knuckles, and when the
bell rang—it was a four-round affair—
he leaped across the ring, speared the
other boy with a straight left which
pushed his chin up in the air and
slammed home a right hook. Moan
went out front and collected sixty
bucks while Buster was tying his shoe-
laces in the dressing room.

  Neat boy, Buster; clean and fast; no
bad habits. A little too friendly and not
quite ready to finish his man until he
was hurt. Cassidy didn’t like that very
well. He tried to break Buster of the
habit of carrying a man along—but
Buster, filled with the joy of life and
with compassion stamped all over him,
never did like putting his man away
unless he had to or unless the other
fellow stung him badly and aroused that
flaming fury that was pent up within
him.

  Cassidy brought the boy along in
rapid strides. There was very little
Moan could teach him about the fight
game—that is the fighting itself. Bus-
ter seemed to have everything a fighter
needed—instinct. He hit, blocked,
ducked and thought like a veteran of a
hundred ring battles. Cassidy merely
taught him the tricks that dirty fighters
employed in the ring to cripple an op-
ponent and then showed him how to
protect himself from such tactics.

  For the most part, Buster fought on
the West Coast during those early days.
It was not until the press of the coun-
try boomed him as the coming cham-
pion that Cassidy brought him to New
York and the really big time. By that
time, however, Martin had decisions
over Shocky Grady, Young Hogan, Kid
(Twin) Green and Billy Edwards—
most of the good boys in his class. He
was bowling them over, one after an-
other, with no trouble at all and with
a startling ease.

  It was no wonder that Sailor Madden
looked over the sport pages with a new
10

Fight Stories

interest and followed the ring doings
of Buster Martin with a keen eye.
Sailor Madden was the lightweight
champion of the world—and didn’t care
much about such contenders as Buster
Martin. Life was too soft and money
too easy. Hard fights were things to
be shunned.

  When Madden was challenged the
first time, he told Cassidy to get a repu-
tation for his man—to have him beat
some one good. Cassidy sputtered and
mentioned Edwards and Hogan and
Grady, but Spike O'Toole, Madden’s
manager, sneered.

  “Get a man,” he advised. “Go push
over the ‘Bull/ Push over Kid Mc-
Cabe. After that we’ll talk business.”

  So Cassidy got the match with Mc-
Cabe and Martin had knocked out the
boy Madden’s manager had termed “a
man.”

CASSIDY was happy, happy for
the boy and for himself. He was
happier when the New York State Box-
ing Commission ordered Madden to de-
fend his title against Buster Martin
within the next three months or to for-
feit the lightweight belt. Cassidy
knew that he was about to become the
manager of a champion at last, because
he honestly believed that Buster could
take Madden. The newspapers were
whooping things up and Martin’s name
was the chief item on the sport pages.

  Buster Martin was happy. He was
a kid, twenty, full of fire and life. He
still liked to chase after fire engines and
go to the movies. Up to this point
Martin had never known a single girl.

  Cassidy had shielded him from such
temptations with practised hand. Al-
ways he used to tell Buster, “Lay off
the dames, Buster; they’re bad medi-
cine for a fighter. Like counting the
house before you have your man put
away. Plenty of time for them things
when you’re the champ. Forget the
frails until then and you’ll make the
grade. Right now anything can happen.
Lay off—get me?”

  And Buster would grin and sink a
glove-padded fist into Cassidy’s side as
a playful gesture, and for a minute the
gym would be a madhouse of flying fists
and grunts and slapping blows—until
Cassidy’s wind was gone and then he’d
heave a medicine ball at the grinning
Buster and stamp away down the stairs,
inwardly grinning but outwardly shak-
ing his bald head. Cassidy had been
able to go some himself when he was
young—but this Buster Boy—well, he
was a regular flash—a rapier—a super-
fighter.

  Cassidy’s happiness was marred a
trifle by a visit from Spike O'Toole.
Cassidy knew Spike of old. He knew
that Spike was a bad actor, a tough
customer and a plain crook. He knew
that he had other activities on the side
beside the management of Sailor Mad-
den. It had worried him plenty—to
have to buck such a combination as the
O’Toole-Madden outfit could put in the
field.

  He knew several stories; he knew
that Sailor Madden was the champion
because Spike O’Toole had fixed the
fight that brought him the champion-
ship. He knew that an innocent kid
had been sold out by his manager to
make a Roman holiday for Spike
O’Toole and Sailor Madden. He knew
that fight had taken place in another
state, where it was safe from the inves-
tigations of a regular commission—and
that while Sailor Madden was a hard-
hitting. ugly customer in the ring he
hadn’t won the title on the up-and-up.
It was quite probable that he was ready
to defend it in the same way.

  O’Toole sauntered into the lobby of
Moan Cassidy’s hotel, and offered him
a big black cigar. After a minute he
led him to one of the easy chairs in
the lobby and lowered his voice.

  “Listen, Moan,” he began. “There
ain’t no use of two old friends quarrel-
ing over this coming scrap. No need
for it. Let’s fix things so that no mat-
ter what happens or who loses, we win.”

  Cassidy said nothing. Inside he was
“Shoot That Left!”

U

boiling, but prudence demanded that he
listen to the proposition.

  "You see,” went on O’Toole with
what was meant to be a friendly smile,
“this thing is too good for one show.
Let's have the boys meet, put on an in-
teresting scrap—looks good to the
suckers—and have it a draw, and then
rematch them. The Sailor wants to
keep his title for another year. After
that he’ll blow it to your boy, but be-
fore that they can fight one or two good
exhibitions for the dough—get me?—
and we’re sittin’ pretty.”

   Inwardly he was gloating. If Moan
Cassidy would send his boy in there be-
lieving that Sailor Madden was not go-
ing to try for anything but a draw—and
if Cassidy would swallow the bait—
well, Madden knew his oats. Buster
Martin would not be a contender after
that night. He watched Cassidy’s face
eagerly.

   Cassidy was red faced. lie was on
his feet looking down at O’Toole.
Spike leaped up in alarm; Cassidy’s
hands were clenched.

   “Listen, you snake,” hissed Cassidy.
“You take that talk to some of your
crooked friends; don’t bring it here to
me. I don’t play that way and you
know it. So the Sailor wants to keep
his title for a year—eh? Well, listen,
my crooked friend; Buster Martin will
knock him from under that title exactly
two months from today—understand?
—two months from today he’ll be cham-
pion—and by a knockout! Take that
back to your bootlegging gang. You
never were a manager, anyhow—and
your fighter never was a fighter—he
was a crook like yourself. The two
of you are too rotten to be in the fight
game which is made up for the most
part of clean boys fighting clean fights
—but your days are numbered, me
laddybuck—and Buster Martin, is the
boy that has ’em counted. Go back to
the dive on 14th Street and tell the
Sailor that he better come loaded for
bear. There won’t he any second fight
—not for his title!”

  And Moan Cassidy walked away,
leaving Spike O’Toole standing in the
lobby staring after him—his cigar out
—and his derby hat tilted on one side
of his head.

CHAPTER IV
Throwing the Boomerang

SAILOR MADDEN'S training quar-
ters were a haze of tobacco smoke;
it hung in the air like a foul cloud and
with a reek of something stronger than
water. In one corner of the room sat
the Sailor himself, and close to him,
her ear an inch from Madden’s mouth,
sat a blonde girl with lips a more vio-
lent red than Nature had intended any
lips to be. From her attitude one knew
that she was very much interested in
Sailor Madden. From the Sailor’s at-
titude it w'as very evident that he was
aware of the fact and regarded it as
nothing to be puffed up about.

  Spike O’Toole was making one of
six at the poker table which held down
the middle of the floor. His black
cigar was oozing smoke as he gripped
it with his teeth, bringing half a dozen
yellow-gold teeth into prominence. A
brilliant diamond glittered on the third
finger of his left hand and another
nestled in the exact center of a red
necktie. A checked suit, much like one
observed at race tracks, adorned his
person but not quite hiding the splen-
dors of a pink silk shirt. He was study-
ing the cards in his hand. A pile of
chips were in front of him.

  “Pass,” he declared, throwing his
hand. “I was just telling the Sailor
here that it’s time he was tunin’ up for
the go with this guy Martin if we ever
intend gettin’ in shape. I’m try in’ to
get the Sailor to do a little road work—
see?—but he’s busy wit’ other things.”
He nodded largely toward the other end
of the room where the Sailor sat talk-
ing to the blonde girl.

  The surly voice of the champion cut
12

Fight Stories

through the tobacco smoke. “You cut
your end and let me do the fightin’,” he
suggested with heavy sarcasm. “You
‘we boys’ give me a pain in the neck.
‘We’ do the trainin’—‘we’ do the fightin’
—‘we’ can lick 'em—“come on, get up;
we ain’t hurt”—Blah! The only thing
that tires you out is countin’ the dough
I'm gatherin’ for you. I sock and you
collect. I'll start trainin’ when I’m good
and ready.”

  Spike laughed uproariously. “Now
that’s what I been tellin’ them news-
paper boys. I’m tellin’ them that the
Sailor, he don’t need no conditionin’.
He’s in shape right now. ‘How do you
know?’ they asks me. ‘Listen,’ I tell
’em. ‘I been around that boloney for
the past four years. When he gets
nasty he’s on tap—get me ?’ Well, ain’t
he nasty now?” He glanced around
the circle for the laugh that was sure
to come. He got it.

  “Nasty,” laughed one of the hangers-
on—“Ho, ho! That’s hot—he's always
nasty!”

  One of the players, familiarly known
to the fraternity that frequented the
quarters of Sailor Madden and Spike
O’Toole as “Frankie the Gyp,” didn’t
laugh. Instead, he shocked everyone
present by raising a rasping voice.
“Yeah! He’s nasty, o. k. He better
be more than nasty or he’ll never have
another chance to be after that guy
Martin gets started. Babeee! What a
sock! I could feel that right to the
jaw he clouted McCabe with clean up
to where I was sittin’.”

  Sailor Madden frowned deeply and
pushed the girl away from him. The
Sailor could not bear to hear of the
fistic prowess of a rival. It got under
his skin. He walked across the floor
to the poker table and “put the eye”
on Frankie.

  “Listen, you,” he said to the pasty-
faced youth who had remarked on
Buster Martin’s punching ability. “If
you think this palooka is so good, why
don’t you go over and hang around
where he hangs out and not mop up

the space around here? Huh, why
don’t cha—”

  “Well, I was only sayin’ that this
Martin bird had some sock,” defended
Frankie weakly, shrinking away from
the rage in Madden’s eyes. “No of-
fense, Champ—just a little friendly
tip.”

  “I don’t want no friendly tips,’*
snarled Madden, “and I’m sick of see-
in’ your ugly mug around here. Get
out—and stay out. G’wan, clear the
door. Lemme see space between your
feet and the floor. Outside, bum—and
next time you want to come in call me
up—and if I want you around I’ll
whistle.”

  Spike O’Toole nudged the boy
Frankie with his elbow. “Better beat
it,” he advised in a low tone. “Better
take the air, Frankie. Get out until the
Sailor is himself again. You ought to
know better than to yap about that bozo
bein’ good at this stage of the game.
G’wan, take the air. I’ll tip you off
when the storm blows over.”

  Frankie the Gyp climbed to his feet.
His hands were twitching.

  “I’m tired of bein’ the fall guy for
that cheese champion,” he declared in
a loud voice. “I’m tired of bein*
Frankie this and that one minute, when
I’m needed, and a bum the next. I’m
tired of doin’ all the dirty work around
this camp—like that job on Ray Mitchell
—that rotten fight—and standin’ around
to get the rap if anything goes wrong,
and then gettin’ no thanks from the
guys I’m the sucker for. I’m through!
The next time—”

  Sailor Madden had stepped up behind
Frankie. He was standing close, very
close, and his eyes were filled with a
swirling rage. He whipped his right
hand from the floor and it landed be-
hind the unknowing Frankie’s ear with
the crack of a pistol shot. Frankie, cut
off in his spech, fell forward on his
face, down like a pole-axed ox, down
among the cigar and cigaret stubs and
lay quiet.

  Spike O’Toole leaped to his feet in
“Shoot That Left!”

13

wild alarm but he was too late to pre-
vent the blow. He charged angrily
down upon the raging Sailor.

  “How do you get that way?” he de-
manded. “What do you mean by hit-
tin’ that guy in the back of the head
like that, you big bum?” His voice was
shrieking. “What you tryin’ to do, bust
a fin or somethin’ so you can run out
of this Martin fight and leave me hold-
in’ the bag? Hittin’ a guy on the head
with your bare hand—why, you ain’t
got the'sense of a louse!”

  He whirled, facing the group at the
poker table. “Get that guy out of here!
Put him on the back steps—anywhere.
I’ll take care of him later.” He con-
tinued to glare his indignation at the
Sailor. He cleared the whole room so
that the Sailor and he were alone.

  “Nice thing,” he continued when they
were all out, “if the Commission would
find out that you had a busted hand.
Nice thing, with that stack of jack from
the Martin fight lookin’ us in the face—”
“Ah. get down to your weight,”
scoffed the Sailor. “I could win that
fight with two broken arms. Ain't it
in the bag?” -

  Spike O’Toole’s eyes were narrow’
slits. For a moment he seemed about
to explode with wrath. “It may be in
the bag, Big Boy,” he snarled, “but if
it is, Frankie and me told you how to
put it in the bag. Unnerstand? I'm
not saying anything for Frankie; he
ought to have more sense. But I’m not
goin’ to kiss my dough goodbye—not
the biggest take we’ll make while you’re
champion. I told you how to frame
this Martin guy—you’re doin’ it. I got
the brains and you drink all the rum
and do all the girl chasin’. Listen, bozo,
if anything happens to gum this fight
I’m off you for life—see? I’m through!”
“Well, there’s plenty of other guys
lookin’ for a soft livin’,” hinted the
Sailor. “I don’t need to worry much
about losin’ no manager.”

  “You’ll worry if you lose me,” warned
O’Toole. “You’ll be champ as long as
I’m with you and not a week longer.

I made you and I can break you—and
don’t you forget it!” His tone was
pregnant with meaning.

  “Oh. forget it,” offered the Sailor
with his crooked-mouthed smile. “We’ll
be the champs till the cows come home.
Come over and hear the report I’ve got
for you on the strict q.t. It’s a hum-
mer.”

TOGETHER they crossed the
room. Sailor Madden piloted to a
far corner and they stood conversing
in whispers. “Don’t let Stella hear
this,” he warned, with a nod of his head
in the direction of the blonde girl. “She
thinks I wouldn’t look at another frail
—but this Molly kid, the one that thinks
I’m a little hero—you know, the one I
met at that society jaunt that night and
gave the stall that I was a home boy
and only in the fight racket because I
had to make some rapid dough to send
to the old folks at home—Molly O’Con-
nor—well, that’s the kid I’ve sicked on
Buster Martin. Molly is nuts about
me. Tryin’ to reform me and all that
boloney. And sister—she’s gettin’ in
the work with Martin in a way that
would knock your eye out. She had
Buster himself down among the white
lights until the milk wagons drove home
this morning. She’s one fast-working
kid.”

  “Listen,” warned Spike. “Tell me
I’m throwin’ cold water again—but when
I gave you that plant I didn’t know
nothin’ about this Molly girl, that she
was goin’ to have anything to do with
the works. I thought you’d send Stella.
You lay off this Molly, unnerstand?
You’ll be sorry if you don’t. She’s out
of your class entirely. She’s a good
girl. She thinks you’re somethin’ you
ain't—and when she finds out you been
givin’ her a stall—well, boy, you better
duck. I don’t mind you bangin’ out
with some of the fancy janes you pick
on for company—like Stella, for in-
stance—but this Molly kid—well, you
lay off her!”

  “Too late now—she’s on the racket,”
14

Fight Stories

announced the Sailor. “She’s working
on Martin now and she's the only one
who could do it. It ain’t my fault she’s
nuts over me. I met her that time and
I been meetin’ her ever since. Course,
I gave her a line. Told her how much
I hated flightin' and how I was tryin’
to get enough jack together to lift the
mortgage on the old home. That's a
laugh, ain’t it? If I wanted to lift a
mortgage on me old man’s home I’d
have to buy out a couple of speakeasies
down 011 14th Street. She thinks I’m
in the game because I need the dough.
Honest, every Sunday she cuts want
ads out of the paper and brings 'em
around to me—guys wantin’ to hire
salesmen for this and that. Can you
imagine me ever being a salesman ? Hot
dog—that’s the limit!” The Sailor
laughed uproariously.

  Spike shook his head dubiously.
“She’s a good girl,” he said slowly. “I
don’t like to see no good girl taken for
a ride. I’ve got a sister of me own.”
“Ah, act your age!” said Madden,
with a slap on the back. “I couldn’t
drive that Molly woman aw7ay from me
with a bull whip. She thinks I’m nuts
over her.”

  “She don’t know nothin’ about this
Stella woman, I’ll tell the cock-eyed
world, or she wouldn’t think so.”

  “No,” admitted Madden, “she don’t
know nothin’ about nothin’! Just a nice
high school kid that I smiled at. Say,
listen, when I take her out I remember
grammar and everything; she’s uptown
o.k. I put the works on for fair—no
wise cracks or nothin’ like that. Fancy
language—and the movies. Not like
Stella there”

  “Well, what’s the lay? What’s she
put across?”

  “Boy, she fixes everything o.k., I’ll
tell the world,” gloated Madden. “I tell
her to stick around the athletic club
where Martin is doing his road work.
Does she? Listen, she gets a tennis bat
and she rigs out and goes over there.
Seems like her brother or father or
somebody is a member of the joint, and

she hangs around until she gets intro-
duced to the Buster.

  “After that it’s coffee and doughnuts
—easy pickin’s. She has him dated up
for every night in the week and the
Buster is losin’ more sleep than any three
hounds on the White Alley. Funny
thing—he keeps working days just the
same. He’s burnin’ himself out—fast
—won’t be anything but a shell a month
from now when the fight comes off.
Why, I could be punk that night and
still gallop around him fast enough to
make him fall over his own feet. The
scrap’s in the bag. This’ Molly girl
has put in the works.”

  Spike shook his head again dubiously.
“Well, I hope she has—we need this
fight to keep up our reputation. The
fans didn’t like that Murray go at all;
it was cold.”

  “Well, can I help it if the palooka
gets the signals mixed and takes a dive
w-hen I sock him on the elbow. I don’t
blame the boys for gettin’ sore. A guy
like that don’t belong in the ring. He
could give ’em their money’s worth by
lettin’ me hit him a decent punch—to
make it look like a k.o.—but he does
his dive from a punch on the elbow—
fooey!”

  The Sailor strutted back across the
room to w'here the blonde girl with the
red lips was waiting. “What you say,
kid, if you and the Champ step out of
here for a breath of fresh air?” he sug-
gested. “Let’s ankle down to the
Dutchman’s for a pail of the real old-
fashioned. These hay-burners around
here have this place smelling like a
cabbage factory.”

  Spike O’Toole watched them go.
There was a queer expression on his
face.

  Outside, Frankie the Gyp picked him-
self up and rubbed his swollen ear. His
ears were still ringing from the dirty
punch from behind. His hands were
shaking. He wobbled slightly as he
stuck close to the wall and made painful
progress down the avenue. In his
whirling brain he was thinking of how
“Shoot That Left!”

ne could even the score with Sailor
Madden.

CHAPTER V
The Contender Skids

MOAN CASSIDY watched the lithe
form of Buster Martin as Buster
danced about the gym punishing the
light bag. He shook his head. There
was a light of dismay in his eyes. Buster
was down too fine. He looked drawn,
white, stretched-out. He was laboring
at his training and Buster had never
labored over his training before. Buster
was the sort of lad who could work at
an easy gait for hours at a time—
three minutes after three minutes—and
never blow hard nor show signs of
fatigue.

  These days Buster Martin was not
working like that. Buster was making
training a labor. His chest heaved, his
muscles were becoming hard, and they
were not retaining that flexible round-
ness. His punch seemed to have lost
its old sharpshooting snap and certainty.
His cheeks had lost much of their color.
His eyes were dull and lacked the old
spirited fire of a few months past.

  Then, too, Buster was becoming si-
lent, almost morose. He had little to
say. He was not the Buster who
bubbled over with animal spirits and
went about the gym taking sly pokes
at any one with a turned back.

  He was training perfunctorily—as a
duty—and, above all. when he looked
at old Moan Cassidy he had'a guilty
look; his eyes would drop and study the
floor. Moan watched him throwing
punches at the heavy sandbag. It seemed
an effort for the boy to throw his arms.
Moan called him aside.

  Buster came over to him a look of
half-defiance in his eyes. His gloved
hands were hanging at his sides. He was
breathing heavily. Moan went straight to
the point. He was not one to beat about
the bush over anything. He placed his

hands on Martin's shoulders and looked
him full in the eyes.

  “Buster Boy,” he said in a low voice,
“are you goin’ to throw old Moan down
at this stage of the game? You intend
making me see you get a beating that
will finish us both?”

  Martin glanced up in surprise.
“What’s eatin’ you, Old Timer? Where
do you get that line?” he asked. But
as he spoke he shifted his eyes from
Moan’s face to the floor and stood with
his head bowed.

  “Listen, boy,” begged Cassidy.
“We’ve been through too many things
together, you and I, to split up now.
Howsomever I’m going to take a chance.
I’m going to tell them newspaper boys
that I won’t stand for you goin’ into
the ring with Sailor Madden.”

  “You what?” exploded Martin.

  “Just that,” assured Cassidy. “I can’t
stand to see you take a beating like
you’ll get from that bird. I’ve always
got my heart riding in there with you
every minute. I’m not goin’ to be a
party to sendin’ you in to a guy that
hits like trip-hammers and see you
pounded to a bloody mass, just be-
cause you’re out of condition and can’t
get into condition in time for the
fight.”

  “Who’s not in condition?” demanded
Martin guiltily. “I’m feeling great
right now. I could knock Madden’s
block off at this minute.”

  “Talk,” said Cassidy disgustedly,
“Just wind! You know as well as I do
that you’re not in condition. You puff
around here like a steam-engine with
asthma. You've lost the snap to your
punches. Your timing is rotten. You
couldn’t knock over a feather pillow.
Just yesterday afternoon that young
kid of Farrel’s made a monkey out of
you when you were in there sparrin’
with him, because you didn’t have the
legs to go after him and land him.
How many miles did you do this morn-
ing?”

  “Three,” replied Martin.

  “Three!” mocked Cassidy. “And you
16

Fight Stories

promised me to do six at least—and you
trainin' to fight the champion!”

  “Oh, that guy,” scoffed Martin.
“Yeah, that guy,” answered Moan
hotly. “Listen, he may be a crook and
lie may fight dirty and he may make
everybody believe that he’s not training
—but Sailor Madden can hit and he
can fight like a wild cat, don’t forget it.
He can fight—and he will.”

  “Well. I was tired when I got up,”
defended Martin.

  Cassidy snorted indignantly. “What
time did you get to bed?” he demanded.
“Twelve o’clock,” lied Martin.

  “Don't tell me that, Buster, don’t lie
to old Moan,” begged Cassidy. “That’s
always the beginning of the end—when
a fellow starts to lie to his best pal. If
you want to quit scrappin’, I’m with
you. But don’t lie to me. You’re kiddin’
yourself—not me. Don’t lie just to
make me like it—and then go in there
and take a shellacking from the Sailor
that’s liable to finish you. That egg hits
—Oh, boy, how he hits!”

  “Well, a fellow has to have a little
fun some time,” growled Buster. “I’ve
been a Sunday school boy for years—
and now that the folks want to see me
1 have to give the fans a run for their
money. They’ll think I’m another false
alarm if I don’t go out some.”

  “Don’t kid yourself,” laughed Cas-
sidy bitterly. “I know them fans; I’ve
been around ’em all my life. They’re
strong for you now because you knocked
McCabe kickin’. The minute somebody
does the same to you they’ll be off you
and on him. They want action. That’s
what they lay their good dough down
on the line for—action. If you want
to give ’em a run for their money, let
them see you in the ring stoppin’ Sailor
Madden in two rounds.

  “Fightin’s your game, not giving
night clubs a dizzy whirl. I looked for
you last night. I do etery night. Kind
of a habit, I guess, to see that you’re in
bed o.k. and covered up so the damp
don’t get at you. I looked in your bed
every half hour. I waited up—I’m an

old fool, I guess—but you didn't come
in. Four a.m., Buster Boy—four a.m.
when you rolled in and you’re trying to
work out today—trying to kid old Moan.
Better quit on the spot—you’re only
kiddin’ yourself.”

  “I'm tired of having you run me
around like a grandma,” announced
Martin. “Jt’s Buster this and Buster
that—and don’t do this and that’ll hurt
you—and hey! you mustn’t eat that—
hey; put ,down that ice cream cone.
What fun do I get out of life, anyway?
A guy ought to have some fun.”

  There was a hurt look in Moan
Cassidy’s eyes. “Lad,” he quavered, “I
never put you on a wrong steer in my
life, did 1 ? I never did nothin’ that
wasn’t for your own good, did I? I
never told you a lie or held out a penny
on you or sold you out or stacked you
up against a boy that was too good for
you, did I? I’m not money greedy, am
I ? I never would take a chance on
your gettin’ hurt bad when you didn’t
have no ring experience, would I ?

  “1 kind of thought that we meant
more to one another than just a fighter
and his manager. Never had nobody
much of my own—been alone all my
life. You’re kind o’ like the kid I would
like for my own lad if I had one. Kinda
loved you, I guess. That's why I sneak
in at night to see that you’re covered up
—and—I'm a hard old guy—but. boy—
I kinda thought we was different—
specially them times when you used to
feel good and call me ‘Pop’. I like
that. I always wished you was—most
times I think of you as ‘son’—darn ol’
fool—always was—but, anyway, that’s
me.

  “Howsomever, if you think somebody
else can do you more good, why, you're
free, Buster, free as air. Ol’ Pop’ll step
right out of the picture wishin’ you all
the luck in the world, contract or not.
I couldn’t hold you to no contract; I
tore it up long ago. I ain’t had no con-
tract for over two years now, so you’re
free if .you think I’m doin’ you wrong.
You know best—”
“Shoot That Left!”

17

THERE was a furtive tear in Buster
Martin’s eye. He dashed his glove
angrily across his eyes and sniffed sus-
piciously. He punched Moan playfully
on the nose, then threw his arms around
him. “Listen, Pop,” he begged. “I
know I’m slippin’—you don’t have to
tell me—but Pop, she’s a wonderful girl
—one in a million—and she likes me and
I like her and she likes to go out with
me. I ain't never met nobody like her,
Pop. She’s too good for me.”

  Moan Cassidy snorted. "There ain’t
no girl too good for a young clean-livin’
and thinkin’ square-shootin’ boy like
you.” he said hotly. “A girl would
know that even if you didn’t.”

  “Well, she likes me,” went on Martin.
“We get along swell together. She’s
teachin’ me to dance and wear a Tux
and everything. I feel like an awful
boob alongside of her.”

  “Does she know anything about
straight lefts and a right cross? Does
she know how to stagger up off a floor
like you did against Kid McCabe—and
then go on to win ? Can she—"

  “She don’t know anything about
fightin’,” said Buster earnestly. “She
thinks it’s all wet as a dough-getter.
She says T ought to make a good bond
salesman because I’ve got a good per-
sonality. She wants to help me find a
job—”

  “She what!” shrieked Cassidy. “A
job? Say, what does she think you’re
makin’ now. Does she know that you
pulled down twenty thousand for four
rounds against McCabe and that you’ve
got enough salted away to buy a few
fancy bonds yourself ?”

  “No, I didn’t tell her anything about
money,” admitted Buster, “but she
thinks it’s a bum racket. She wants me
to quit after this fight.”

  “Wiell, she should want you to quit
before it.” stated Cassidy. “She don’t
know that you’ll have to quit.”

  “What do you mean ?” demanded
Martin.

  “I mean that when Sailor Madden
gets through hammering them soft ribs

  F.—June—2

of yours—well, you won’t never fight
no more.”

  “I'll beat him — easy,” predicted
Martin with a swipe of his glove. “He'll
be duck soup.”

  “What’s this girl look like?” de-
manded Moan.

  “Say, who do you think I am—Gari-
baldi, or whoever that wop is that writes
all that poetry? Well, she’s about up
to my shoulder, and has black hair and
eyes, and the funniest tilted-up nose you
ever saw, and her face is as white as
your shirt—and—Oh, boy, can she
dance?”

  “What’s her name?” asked Cassidy.
“Her name is Molly—Molly O’Con-
nor.”

  “Well, there’s some hope—she’s Irish,”
sighed Cassidy. “Get your shower and
let's get out of here.”

  Martin bounded away with some of
his old-time pep to run the stinging
water over his naked flesh.

      CHAPTER VI
      The Stool-Pigeon

IT was then that Frankie the Gyp ap-
proached Cassidy. He sidled up to
him and coughed slightly to attract
Moan’s attention.

  “You’re Cassidy, ain’t you ?” he asked
when Cassidy looked around. “Moan
Cassidy what handles Buster Martin?”
Cassidy surveyed the sharp features
of Frankie for a long minute. “I am,”
he announced, “what’s it to you?” '
“You don’t know me,” went on
Frankie, “except maybe by reputation—
I got a bad one—and I got it from
kickin’ around in the same stable with
guys like Sailor Madden and Spike
O’Toole. They call me Frankie the
Gyp down 011 the street. It’s a good
moniker. I guess I earned it framin’
other guys, but right now at this min-
ute I’m on the level. See this mark
on my jaw? Well, the Sailor hit me
there from behind when I wasn't lookin’
18

Fight Stories

and dropped me on the floor like a sack
of flour because I told him he better do
some trainin’ for this fight.

  “Threw me out, they did; out on the
back steps to lay like a dog—me,
Frankie, that’s been doin’ their dirty
work for three years—and they did it
for nothin*. Now I’m through—get me?
-—out—done. Listen, Cassidy. I don’t
know you and I don’t know this Mar-
tin kid, but from what I’ve seen of him
in the ring he’s a real guy and a clean
boy. I know you’re a square shooter.
You take a tip from Frankie; keep your
lamps skinned for a dame by the name
of O’Connor, and if you see her around
here run her off with a shotgun—
see?”

  Cassidy looked at the Gyp through
narrowed eyes. “Whats’ the game?” he
asked. He had no idea but that Frankie
was playing on the level with him at the
minute. The entire attitude of the
gangster was too earnest for anything
else.

  “Listen, Cassidy. They’ve cooked up
a sweet layout for Buster over there at
Spike’s joint—get me? This O’Connor
broad is nuts about the Sailor. Thinks
he’s a little tin god—goin’ to reform
him, and all that bunk, and all the time
he’s givin her a phony play—see? On
the side he’s hanging out with a flock
of other frails, the best of the lot being
a jane that answers when somebody
sings out ‘Stella’—see?

  “Well, this Stella is the Sailor’s skirt,
ya unnerstand? But-this Molly O’Con-
nor thinks the office is in for her—so she
falls easy for the rackets. They back
her into a neutral corner one day when
the Sailor comes in from the road work,
and he’s groanin’ like he was killed. He
hadn’t been near no road; he’d been out
shootin’ Kelly pool with the gang and
this is a stall they’re handin’ Molly—
see? He’s holding his ribs and groanin’
like he’s dying on the spot, and she’s all
nervous and anxious and asks him
what’s the trouble. He tells her that he
fell and busted a rib—fell on a big rock
while he’s runnin’ in the park—and now

he’s sure to get a bad beatin’ from this
Buster Martin guy. He tells her that
this Martin is one tough egg and
wouldn’t think nuthin’ of takin’ advan-
tage of a busted rib.

  “She hates bloodshed and fightin' and
seein’ guys get hurt worse than poison,
and right away she’s all sympathy for
the Sailor. She asks him why he don’t
call off the fight, and he strikes one of
them movie poses—you know—‘The
Curfew Shall Not Ring Tonight’—
‘Sign the Papers or Drink the Ink,’ and
tells her that he can’t call off the fight
on account of his ‘honor’ bein’ involved
and the fight public would be off him
for life and he’d never lift the mort-
gage on the old homestead. Can you
imagine any one falling for a lie like
that from Sailor Madden? But this
kid is an uptown people—and she don’t
savvy the Double-X—see? She falls,
hook, line and sinker.

  “Well, after a lot of skull work that
was thought up by me and Spike O’Toole
—oh, I’m not lettin’ myself out!—the
Sailor tells her that if she thinks any-
thing of him or wants to see him get
ahead, she’ll help him out of the mess
he’s in by trying to keep Martin from
murderin’ him.

  “He tells her that if she can meet
Martin and make dates with him and
keep him out at night so he’ll be just
a little bit tired and won’t train so hard,
why, everything will be jake and the
Sailor won’t get hurt so bad. The up-
shot is that the dame Molly agrees to
help the Sailor and promises to meet
Martin and to take him for a few turns
on the merry-go-round—to keep him
out of top condition. Then the Sailor
goes to work in earnest for the fight.
He’s working out like he never worked
for no fight in his life. But he’s work-
in’ early in the mornin—from daylight
—so that nobody will know that he’s
trainin’. They're keepin’ it a dark
secret.

  “Ya understand? On the form of
the Sailor the last time out and on the
form of Buster Martin against McCabe,
“Shoot That Left!”

19

the odds is a million to one that Martin
will knock the Sailor kickin’ if he gets
a decent break. If the Sailor don’t train
none, why, it’ll be Martin in a breeze
and name your own ticket. So the
Sailor is laying around Spike’s joint all
afternoon makin’ his friends believe
that he ain’t gettin’ in any work and
don’t intend to—and Spike and him are
fixin’ things to make a killin’ on the bets
—ya get me? They think that not even
their friends can tip the lay—and that
nobody will know that Buster is not in
condition—sweet little layout, eh? Well,
the Sailor is workin’ hard, hidin’ out in
a gym up on 125th Street, and he’s
roundin' into shape fast. I saw him
work. I know form when I see it.
That Sailor guy is punchin’ that
sandbag groggy. It’s one sweet little
plant.”

  Cassidy was looking out the window.
A deep frown creased his forehead. His
hands were clenched in his pockets. Sud-
denly he whirled on the Gyp and shook
him like a terrier shakes a rat. "You
sure this is on the level, this line you're
handin’ me?” he hissed through set
teeth. “If I thought you was a spy for
that gang over there cornin’ here to
pump me for what I know, I’d knock
your brains out.”

  “It’s clean,” gasped Frankie. “It’s
on the up-and-up. That guy has
hit me for the last time. I'm
through!”

  Cassidy dug down in his pocket and
fished a twenty off his roll. “Here, take
this for the trouble,” he growled. “It
better be straight.”

  Frankie the Gyp shrugged his shoul-
ders. “I don’t want no dough,” he pro-
tested. “I’m just over here givin’ you
the office because I don’t want to see no
dirt done that boy Buster. I’m in deep
enough now. I’ve pulled many a wise
one, but this is the first white one I’ve
pulled in a long time—kinda balancin’
things a little. I don’t want no dough
for tellin’ the truth. Just ask Buster to
smack that Sailor guy once in the kisser
few me and we’ll be square.”

FRANKIE sidled out of the Gym.
It seemed to be his natural gait—a
shuffling, half-side step.

  Across the street a furtive-faced
gangster stopped in passing and ducked
around a show window. He watched
through the window while Cassidy and
the Gyp were talking; he saw the earn-
est look on Frankie’s face and the
thoughtful frown on Moan Cassidy.
He hurried around the corner just as
Frankie emerged from the doorway.

  Five minutes later he was pouring the
tale of Frankie’s indiscretion into the
stunned ear of Spike O’Toole over the
telephone.

  At the other end of the wire, O’Toole
was muttering to himself. “The dirty,
double-crossing rat! The dirty stool-
pigeon !” He hung up the receiver with
a bang when the spy had finished his
report. He was silent for a long min-
ute. In his mind was the thought that
he could never trust the Gyp again—
not in any of the various shady enter-
prises that flourished under the direc-
tion of Spike O’Toole.

  He lifted the receiver and called a
number; when an answering voice
sounded over the wire in his ear he
spoke cautiously.

  “Hey, Dominick, is that you ?”

  “Yea, this is me,” came from the
other end in a foreign voice.

  “Well, listen close. Frankie the Gyp
has just turned stool-pigeon and gave
a certain party a line of talk about some-
thin’ that shouldn’t be mentioned. See?
He’s dangerous—he’s turned rat. I
want you and the boys to ‘take him for
a ride tonight—understand?”

  “Sure. O.k. I understand,” came
the thick voice.

  “K.o.” grunted Spike. “There’s a
grand here for a split in the morning—
don’t mess up the job.”

  The receiver clicked.

  That night a curtained automobile
swept dowm Fourteenth Street, slacken-
ing speed as it approached Second
Avenue. Frankie the Gyp was standing
on the corner of Second Avenue, e,
20

Fight Stories

cigaret between his Ups—his back
turned to the curb.

  The curtained car, its license number
obscured by a thick layer of grease and
dust, lurched in toward the curb. An
automatic—several of them in fact,
barked viciously and Frankie was mak-
ing a frantic attempt to reach his own
hip-pocket even as he slithered down
on the curb and rolled off into the
gutter. He twitched for a minute and
became quiet.

  The darkened car roared down Four-
teenth Street to lose itself in the traffic.

  Frankie the Gyp had been taken for
a ride. . . .

CHAPTER VII

Buster Discovers Broadway

THE music at Stern’s Paradise was
intoxicating. Saxophones crooned
weird harmonies. The rhythmic tap of
drums and cymbals beat a nerve-tingling
tempo. At the piano, Charlie Johnson
was giving his educated fingers plenty
of exercise. Dim lights, discreet booths;
“tea” in tea-cups; constant laughter;
swaying dancers; white tableclothes;
glowing table lamps, pink and blue and
cherry; sheen of dull silver; white shirt
fronts; glowing jewels on fair ladies;
blondes, titians. brunettes—everything
that men preferred.

  Part of New York’s night life! Two
in the morning and blaring like a circus
side-show ! Tipsy old men, bright-eyed
girls; ermine wraps and jeweled coro-
nets; haze of cigaret smoke; stamp of
black-bottom dan*ers; smell of a hun-
dred perfumes. Here a movie celeb-
rity, there a stage star, over here a
champion gate-crasher, over there a
flat-nosed “pug,” one eye still black,
spending last night’s “takings,” escorted
by a hilarious group of “backers” and
several too-painted women who looked
more at home on Fourteenth Street
than on the White Way.

Back from the dance floor in a little

booth for two, sat Buster Martin and
Molly O’Connor. Buster’s eyes were
ringed with black shadows. He looked
weary. His shoulders slumped. He
was puffing on a cigaret. His face was
a glaring white in the shadow light.
Still, he was drinking in the false gayety
of the night club. It was all new to him,
this kid up from the corner newsstands
—up through hard work under the
Spartan guidance of Moan Cassidy.

  There was a fascination in the music
and the crowds—free spenders who
threw it away with a flourish and a
laugh. Men you knew only through the
columns of the newspapers; orchestras
you heard only over the radio; dances
you saw only on the stage; hectic gayety
—fatal for a leather-pusher.

  Molly O’Connor, looking as fresh as
a rose in a florist’s window, watched the
white face of the boy sitting across the
table from her. There was a frown of
perplexity upon her face—almost the
look of a mother as she hovers over the
bed of a sick child. Molly found her-
self liking this quiet, good-looking,
broad-shouldered chap. who wore eve-
ning clothes as if he were moulded to
them.

  There was a doubt being born in her
heart. She felt a guilty something with-
in her every time she looked at the
dark circles under his eyes, and knew
that she was responsible for them being
there—and that she held the future of
Buster Martin in her hands.

  These stories Sailor Madden had told
her could not be true. Buster was not
a man-killing, blood-thirsty fighter who
cared nothing for the hurts of others.
He could not be a cruel, heartless
mauler wrho would take advantage of a
serious hurt in his opponent and use
that hurt as a pathway to victory. It
could not be true. Molly O’Connor
knew human nature; her woman’s in-
stinct told her that Buster Martin was
clean all the way through and a gentle-
man, in spite of his lapses in English.

  He could not be heartless. Two nights
before she h?d paused with him on a
“Shoot That Left!”

21

street corner where a frail, emaciated-
looking newsboy was selling papers and
fighting the chill of a March wind.
Buster had stopped and looked at the
kid for a long minute; then he took the
kid’s papers and sold them all tor him
-—sold them to men who worshipped
him as a fighter, standing there on the
corner with the papers under his arm
until they were all gone. After that
he took the kid across the street and
bought him a warm overcoat and a pair
of shoes and slipped him a bill. Buster
Martin could not be a heartless fighting
machine if he could do a thing like that.
It had made her wonder.

  He glanced toward the floor. “Want
to dance. Molly?” he asked, half shyly.
He always spoke to her that way, as if
he was afraid that she was only a mirage
that would vanish forever if he lifted
his voice above a low tone. She almost
loved him for it. The look in his eyes
when he spoke to her! The gentleness
of his hand as he helped her in or out
of a taxi!

  She gulped down a sob of remorse—
she was double-crossing him—leading
him to ruin—

  She shook her head and tried to smile.
“No, I’d rather sit here and talk with
you. Talk to me, Marty,” she begged.
“Say something to me. You sit so si-
lent—watching everything. What • are
you thinking about ?”

  “I was thinking about all this,” he
told her. He was making painful efforts
to improve his speech, since the first
night he had escorted her about New
York. “I was thinking how much I
missed when I was a kid. How lucky
these guys are that have nothing to do
but sleep days and play nights. It
must be a great racket—”

  “Don’t you sleep days?” she asked,
knowing the answer in advance.

  He looked at her for a long moment,
“No, I don’t sleep much days. You
see, I have to work like the deuce for
this fight with Sailor Madden. It means
a lot to me, and I don’t dare sleep—not
with Pop Cassidy riding me and telling

me how rotten I am.” There was a
rueful grin on his face.

   “Does he tell you that you are rotten ?”
she asked with interest.

  “Does he?” he grinned. “He can tell
me that in seven languages. And the
funny part, is that he’s telling the truth;
I can feel it. I’m not much interested
in this scrap, yet it is my chance—my
chance to get to the top. I know I can
take this Madden bird like Grant took
Richmond.”

  There was a panic in Molly’s heart.
She was hearing the result of her care-
fully planned campaign, from the lips
of the man she was ruining. For an
instant the face of Sailor Madden was
far away and only the white face of
Buster Martin filled her mind.

  “Am I the cause for that?” she asked
softly.

  He was silent for an instant, looking
deeply into her eyes. The tingle he had
known for the first time on meeting her
was alive again, he wanted to leap
across the table and to crush her in his
arms. Instead, he shook his head and
toyed with the knives and forks on the
table.

   “No,” he said slowly, “it’s me, I guess.
Pop don’t seem to understand that I’ve
been starving for this sort of thing all
my life. He don’t seem to understand
that I love music, and laughs, and lights,
and more music. No, Molly, it’s that
little newsboy kid out on the corner,
looking in through the window of some
swell restaurant, wishing he could be
inside with his feet parked under the
table, stowin’ away the good grub he
never tasted. That’s me . . .

  “You see, I wasn’t nobody much—just
a newsboy—until Moan Cassidy got hold
of me and pushed me to the top. He’s
done everything for me, Moan has. He
tucks me in bed at night. He worries
like a grandaunt when I’m not in the
hay when he thinks I should be in. But
Molly, it’s different somehow, now that
I have you here with me—a lot dif-
ferent. I used to think that nothing
in the world existed, except the smack
22

Fight Stories

of gloves, and the gym, and trainin’
trunks, and soft shoes, and old Pop tell-
ing me to use at left, Buster.’

  ‘'It's different now. Gee, everything
is gone. I can't think of nothing any
more except you, you are in my mind
all the time . . . Funny, ain’t it?”

THERE was a tear in Molly O’Con-
nors’ eye. More, it trickled down
over her nose. Within her was a feel-
ing that she was a rotter, that somehow
she had been tricked. At first she had
accepted Madden’s game to destroy
Buster's chance of victory just as she
would have accepted a commission to
blot out something hideous from the
face of the earth. She had steeled her-
self to endure an uncouth bully who
had to be gentled down to a point where
he would no longer be a man killer.
Now she felt that something was wrong.
Not with Buster Martin, but with Billy
Madden—Sailor Madden—the man she
believed she loved.

  “Mr. Cassidy must have been won-
derful to you,” she ventured in a trem-
bling voice.

  “Gosh, wonderful don’t cover it by a
long shot,” said Buster earnestly. “He
watches every mouthful I eat. He tests
the water I drink. He makes my bed
and shines my shoes, and combs my
hair. Tonight when I came out he fixed
the studs in my shirt—I ain’t used to
them movable buttons yet—and he just
said ‘goodbye’. And 1 know he was
broken-hearted because I was going out
when I should have been in the hay . . .

  “But he don’t understand, Molly; he
don’t understand how a wonderful girl
like you can change everything. Gee,
Molly, if I only had you and Pop Cas-
sidy all the time, I could lick the world.
Just to have you somewhere near me,
where I could look at you once in a
while—see you smile . . . Molly, dear,
do you think you could ever learn to
like a mutt like me who makes his livin’
pushin’ other guys in the mush?”

  She lowered her head so that he could
not see her trembling lips and tear-filled

eyes. She seemed suffocated. For she
knew now that she cared . . . How
could she repay the wrong? How could
she make things right so that he would
not hate her—curse her?

  “I do like you, awfully,” she half-
whispered, “even if you do make your
living pushing other guys in the mush.
I feel that perhaps I have done you a
great wrong—that I’ve been tearing you
down instead of building you up. I’ve
been keeping you out of bed and all
that—”

  He reached out his hand and covered
her own tiny, white hand. “Shucks,
Molly, that ain’t nothin’—excuse me—■
that isn’t anything. I could lick this
Madden guy with one hand if I thought
you were for me. I could just get one
night’s sleep, and go in there as fresh
as a daisy—if you were sitting in my
corner. How about it.”

  “Take me home,” she said in a
hushed tone. “Take me home, Buster,
I can’t talk to you any more. I must
think. I have made a big mistake. I
have committed a great wrong. Please
take me home”

  He was standing beside her in an in-
stant. “What?” he demanded. “If
anything or anybody has done anything
to you I’ll wipe the street up with ’em.
What is it, Molly?”

  She tried to smile. It was a wan
attempt. “Nothing that you can do
anything about—now,” she told him.
“It’s only me. Before I can talk with
you any more I have to think things
over, find things out that are buried in
my own heart. Please, Buster, take me
home.”

  Buster Martin said good night to
Molly at her door and ordered the taxi
driver to take him to his hotel. For
an hour he sat on the edge of his bed,
dreaming of the girl and her voice and
the touch of her hand, until Pop Cas-
sidy, old Moan, came in from the next
room and helped him to undress.

  Cassidy’s eyes were troubled. The
conversation with Frankie the Gyp was
fresh in his mind, but he held his peace.
“Shoot That Left!”

23

It was too late to interfere now, with
the fight only four days away. It was
too late for anything—but to pray, and
let Fate decide.

  That night Frankie the Gyp lay in the
gutter, his frail, sinsodden body riddled
.with 45 slugs. “Taken for a ride” for
the first white thing he had attempted
in years.

CHAPTER VIII
Molly Learns the Truth

Molly o’connor was going

to be sure. She was going to
charge Billy Madden with lying to her;
with sending her out to lure an innocent
boy to destruction, merely because Sailor
Madden feared to meet him in a fair
fight. She knew now, that she did not
love Madden. She wondered how' it
had been possible for her to ever be-
lieve she had loved him. She thought
of his queer eyes and the hard metallic
ring of his laughter; of his companions
—all of them looking like so many
gangsters and thugs.

  Yes, she was going to have a show-
down with Sailor Madden and tell him
that she was through trying to put
Buster Martin in such a condition that
his climbing through the ropes, in any
ring, would be a farce.

  She got out of the taxicab in front
of Spike O’Toole’s office. As she
alighted she stood across the street and
watched a group of foreign looking
thugs come down the stairs and out of
Spike’s “office’*. They were laughing
loudly among themselves and one w^as
counting a roll of bills. She did not
know that Spike had just finished 'split-
ting the grand’ he had promised for the
ride given Frankie the Gyp.

  She passed along the hallway and
into the little room at the corner of the
hall, where Spike ran a poker game and
took his “clients” for private conversa-
tions. She beckoned to a sweater-clad,
evil-faced, shifty-eyed youth, and asked

him to tell Sailor Madden that she
wished to speak with him for a moment.

  The budding gangster looked her up
and down in open admiration and
winked one eye suggestively. “I got-
cha’ kid,” he grinned, showing a row
of yellow teeth. “I'll get him out of
the front for you.”

  He ambled along the hall, puffing
upon a cigarette which dangled from
one corner of his mouth. Knocking
discreetly on the door to Spike’s office,
he stuck his head through and motioned
with an eloquent thumb toward the rear
of the hall.

  “That swell frail is lack there and
wants to whisper in yer ear,” he grinned
at Sailor Madden.

  Madden started in surprise and
glanced at O’Toole. “It’s that Molly
broad,’’ he announced in a stage whis-
per. “You see?. I told you that I
couldn't keep her away from me with a
baseball bat.”

  “Listen, guy,” answered Spike in the
same hoarse whisper; “you take a fool’s
advice and tie the can on that dame, get
me? I feel wrong about her, see?
She’s not in your class, you’re going to
trip yourself up!”

  “Baloney!” grinned the Sailor with
his crooked mouth. “I’ve got her tied
down and counted out. She thinks the
sun rises and goes down in my back
yard. Look at the play she’s been givin’
this Martin guy! He ain’t done a lick
of training and ain’t been in bed one
night since I sicked her on him. What
do you think of them bananas?”

  Some of the gloom on Spike O’Toole’s
brow lifted. “Well, I admit she did
a clever piece of wjork there, but re-
member, she did it in the dark. She
wasn’t tipped off on the up and up.
You never can tell with a jane like that,
best thing to give her the air.”

. “You let this jane to me,” boasted
Madden expansively. “I know how
to handle girls. I got a way with
’em.”

  “Blah!” grunted Spike in disgust.
“Blah! You talk like you didn’t have
24

Fight Stories

a busted nose and a split lip and two
flat ears. Out of my life!”

  The Sailor took a hitch at the top of
his trousers and lifted his coat off the
back of a chair. He glanced into a
cracked mirror hung on the wall,
straightened his hair and with a mock-
ing wave of his hand, strutted out into
the hall.

  The page boy—the coming gangster
—watched him go, admiration shining in
his eyes. He heaved a deep sigh as the
Sailor disappeared through the door.

  “What a lad!” he sighed. “And what
a line he hands them wimmin.”

  Spike snorted. “What a false alarm,
and what a sap he is for them wimmin!”
he mimicked in the same tone.

IN the back room Molly was waiting
impatiently. Sailor Madden entered,
an anxious look upon his face. He
was clever, this leather pusher—a great
actor. He managed the anxious look
to perfection.

  “Molly,5’ he whispered; “Molly, is
there anything wrong?’’

  He placed both hands on her shoul-
ders and bent to kiss her. She suffered
the caress, and he could not sense the
shudder that passed through her as his
face brushed against her cheek.

  “I just wanted to come in and say
hello,” she began. “I haven’t seen much
of you since I went out to entertain Mr.
Buster Martin. I thought maybe you
had forgotten me.”

  “Forget you?” lied Madden. “Why
I think of you every minute. Every
minute I say to myself—‘What a won-
derful little pal she is. What a wonder-
ful girl, to go out and sacrifice her
happiness for three whole weeks just to
save her boy friend from getting hurt
too badly!

  ‘‘Not that I care, Molly; I don’t mind
being hurt. But I don’t want to lay in
a hospital for a couple of months with
a punctured lung or something, after the
office is in at Martin’s camp that I have
a fractured rib. I’ve got too much to
live for now that I have you.” He was

speaking as if from carefully rehearsed
lines.

  She glanced up at his face. In her
heart she knew that he was lying. “Are
you sure?” she asked in a low tone.
“Are you sure you think that much of
me and appreciate what I’m doing for
you ?”

  “Do I ? Why kiddo, I was just sayin’
to Spike, that we owe everything to you
—everything.”

  “Billy,” she always called him Billy,
rather than Sailor—“it is true that you
injured your ribs, isn’t it? It isn't just
a trick to get me to secure an easy
victory for'you over Martin?”

  His eyes glowed dangerously, and he
looked down at her in a cold fury. Then
he remembered his part.

  “True? Of course it’s true,” he lied.
“Even now I can’t bear any pressure on
my left side; under the heart, you know,
right where they hit most. What dou-
ble-crossing stool pigeon has been telling
you that it ain’t so?”

  In his fury he was forgetting to be
“cultured.”

  She didn’t answer the question, but
asked another. “It is true that you
come from a good family, and that
you’re only fighting because it’s the only
way you know to get enough money to
help your parents, isn't it?”

  He did tricks with a poor memory.
He had told so many lies. He took a
chance. “Certainly, it’s true,” he de-
clared solemnly. “Every dime I get
goes home to the folks. I hardly keep
enough to buy decent clothes and to
live on.”

  She appeared satisfied. “You don’t
have any other girls but me, do you?
You aren’t in love with any other girl,
are you?”

  The glare in his eyes was postively
dangerous, as he looked at her. “Listen
kid.” he demanded. “Spit it out. What
stool has been working on you? What
dirty double crossin’ rat has been spillin’
his guts about me? I’ll take that lyin’
buzzard and jerk his tongue out from
the roof of his mouth.”
“Shoot That Left I”

25

  He saw that she was shrinking away
from him.

  ‘‘Don’t be frightened, Molly,” he
begged, fighting to control his rage.
“You know how it is. It makes me
angry to have some one telling lies
about me to the only girl I ever cared
for. All of us big men—all of us
champions—have to stand for that,
though. Guys that don’t like us whis-
per nasty lies behind our backs, and
we only hear them when friends tell us
about the wise-cracks that are going
around. I’ve listened to plenty. They’re
all lies. I can prove it. I can prove it
by Spike O’Toole, that T don't have any
other girl. You'll believe Spike?”

  ‘“’As quickly as I would anybody else
around here,” she said ambiguously. “I
just wanted to know.”

  “Well, I told you,” he said, with a
look out of the corner of his eye to
observe how she was taking it. “I’m a
champion of the world. I’m in the
same class with movie stars and people
like that. The public likes to make up
stories about me ... I can’t stop them,
but I thought you loved me enough not
to believe everything you hear?”

  She smiled. “Oh, let it pass. What
do you think of the fight now?”

  “Well,” he told her with a crestfallen
look, glad to drop the subject, “it won’t
be much of a fight. I can’t work out
at all because I can’t stand the pain in
my side. I can only hope that Martin
isn’t in top shape, and that he won’t
find out about the busted ribs.”

  She smiled again, wanly this time.
“Oh, he won’t be in shape,” she prom-
ised him. “He looks worn out right
now.”

  He could hardly suppress a grin of
glee at the news. “I heard that you
were doing a good job,” he said, patting
her on the shoulder. “After the fight
is over and I’m feeling better, I’ll try to
find a way to repay you for all you've
done for me.”

  She took up her fur and started for
the door. “I hope so,” she half-whis-
pered. “I hope so.” She passed through

the hall, wearily, almost dragging her
feet.

  Madden watched her go, a puzzled
look upon his face. He shook his head
several times. Then he grined. “Be-
lieve me,” he muttered to himself, “I’ll
find a way to muzzle that bozo when the
fireworks is all over.”

  He entered Spike’s office.

      CHAPTER IX
      The Eavesdropper

MOLLY, at the foot of the steps,
halted and glanced quickly up the
street. A blonde girl, with too much
rouge, was hurrying along, evidently
about to turn in at Spike’s doorway.
With a wildly beating heart, Molly
turned and fled back up the steps. She
dashed down the dark hall on tip toes
and slipped into the “private confer-
ence” room. There was a small closet
in the wall opposite the place where
Sailor Madden usually sat. She darted
into the closet just as footsteps entered
the room".

  She heard a feminine voice giving
orders, evidently to the same young
gangster she had asked to go fo Sailor
Madden. After a moment a heavier
footstep sounded, and the Sailor’s voice
broke the stillness.

  “Hello, Stella, old kid,” it said
heartily, “what’s on your mind, if any-
thing, this morning.”

  “You heard the news?” asked Stella,
just loud enough to be heard.

  “What news?” asked the Sailor.

  “Frankie the Gyp was taken for a
ride last night, they fished him out of a
gutter this morning—full of holes.”

  There was a low whistle from the
Sailor.

  “Ah. don’t come that holier-than-
thou-stuff on me, Sailor,” sneered
Stella. “You’d like to make me think
that you didn’t know a thing about it—
but I recognize the fine hand of Spike
O’Toole.”
26

Fight Stories

  “Sh!” whispered the Sailor in a panic.
“Not so loud.”

  "That’s a pretty deep game, ain't it?”
demanded Stella. “Murder! What’s
that got to do with fighting? Just be-
cause you swipe him when he isn’t look-
ing and he gets sore and goes to Cas-
sidy and tips the mitt—do you have to
have him bumped ? Where do you
stand in this, you big boob, if they wise
up to the guy that paid off?”

  “I don’t know nothing about it,” de-
fended Madden nervously. “I only
heard it ten minutes ago.”

  ‘‘Well, it don’t bother me none,” an-
nounced Stella. “That’s not what I
came here to talk about.”

  She sniffed at the air for a second
like a hound on a hot scent. “Who was
here—what new jane?”

  Madden didn’t answer at the moment.
“Come on,” she insisted, “spit out the
dirt. It ain't as if I didn’t know that
you'd make a play for a cock-eyed
Chink if you took a fancy to her.
Who’s the new rival?”

  “It wasn’t nobody—only that nut
Molly that we’ve got keepin’ Martin out
of the hay. She was here to report
progress, that’s all.”

  Molly in her closet could hear Stella
snort. “That little frill, eh? Ain’t you
seem’ too much of her lately? Not that
I’m jealous, you understand? I’m not.
But you belong to me—even if the
world isn’t supposed to know it. I’m
just warnin’ you that if you get away,
I know what’ll bring you back. Don’t
forget.”

  “Ah, don’t talk that way, Stell,”
coaxcd the Sailor. “This dame don’t
mean nothin’ to me. I’m usin’ her as a
sap to hook this guy Martin. That’s
all. When I finish with him I’m through
with her—get me? We’ll go off on a
trip to California or someplace and live
on what we can pick up in the sticks.
You know I don’t get funny with no-
body but you—not get funny and mean
it. What d’yo think I married you for
if I didn’t mean it?”

  Stella seemed appeased. “Well, I

don’t mind how far you go in order to
keep the title, but believe me. Big Boy,
don’t mix pleasure with business—that’s
all. How do you feel?”

  “Great.” breathed the Sailor in evi-
dent relief. “Great I work all morning
from sun up—nobody around. I’m
socking the bags crazy and I put away
Jerry the Wop, Andy Bloomer and
Johnny Belton—all in a round each. I
busted Johnny’s jaw. He wanted to
wear a head guard, but I ain’t no sap.
Them things might bust me a knuckle
or somethin’. If they want pay from
me they Can stand up and take their
beatin’s.”

OW about this Martin?” asked
Stella anxiously.

  “Oh, that guy ? Say Kid, when I get
through with him there won’t be any
Martin. I’m goin’ to hammer that bird
until he’s just mush inside. I’m goin’
to work on his body because he’s soft
and can be hurt. I’m not goin’ to
knock him out. I’m goin’ to keep pound-
in on that body with everything I’ve
g°t—just to knock him loose from the
idea of any more fightin’. He’ll never
have a second shot at the lightweight
title—the big sap!”

  “Funny how a girl can bust a good
man up, ain’t it?” mused Stella. “Now
if everything was even, this Buster could
have taken you in his stride. But after
that Molly, or whatever her name is,
finishes with him he can’t lick a postage
stamp. What a sucker!”

  “He’ll be a sucker after I nail him
a few in the ribs and under the heart
with this right,” boasted the Sailor, a
ferocious something in his voice. “I’ll
teach' him to challenge for MY title.
I’ll kill the little ‘umpchay’. I’ve got
him when he’s soft and I’m in shape.
When I get finished, well—he’ll have
whiskers before he can walk around
again.”

  “Well, I’m off,” announced Stella,
“but remember. Don’t get gay with
that Molly skirt. You’ll be sorry.” Her
voice was cold with threat.
“Shoot That Left!”

27

  The Sailor laughed, a nasty laugh.
“Boloney, kid, that dame don't mean a
thing to me—no more than Frankie the
Gyp. She'll get the gate as soon as
she’s through playing the little game
Spike and me cooked up for her.”
Stella slouched along the hallway, one
hand on an enticing hip, red lips smiling
a satisfied smile. Sailor Madden, breath-
ing a sigh of relief went back into Spike
O’Toole's “office.”

  The closet door opened and Molly
O’Connor totered out. The air had
been nearly suffocating in the narrow
confines of the wall closet. Her face
was streaming with perspiration. She
felt weak—giddy. Her head was
whirling. But she had heard Sailor
Madden's voice—everything the two of
them had said. She knew exactly where
she stood and what a fool she had been.
She felt sick, white inside, when she
thought of what she had led Buster
Martin into, and what a rotter Madden
was. She felt sick as she thought of
Martin’s beautiful, young white body,
soft from lack of training, wilting un-
der the savage pounding of Madden’s
brutal fists. A man going into the ring
with the sole thought of forever crip-
pling a clean-living boy who was his
master, except for the dirty work of
Molly O’Connor. All of her girlhood
shrieked a protest. She was weeping
silently. She crept on hands and knees
past the doorway of Spike’s office and
down into the street.

CHAPTER X
Molly Calls on Pop

BUSTER MARTIN did not see his
Molly for the next three days.
Neither did he hear from her. He
haunted the telephone and the hotel
lobby, but no call came from her—no
word. Her silence did not help. He
could not sleep at night. He paced his
room or fell into fitful dozes from which
he awoke with a start, harried by fren-

zied dreams of the girl who had come
to occupy the major portion of all his
moments.

  He was as nervous as a cat. Drawn
to a fine line, haggard, weary, with the
fight one da\- away—one day and one
night, it seemed that he was more fit
for a sanitarium for nervous cases than
a prize ring, and the smack of thudding
gloved fists against his naked body.

  Cassidy, stricken, with new lines run-
ning about his eyes and the corners of
his mouth, said nothing. There was
nothing he could say. Only a miracle
would win Buster Martin this fight.
Only a miracle could keep him on his
feet after the first round. Miracles
were things of the past, and, anyway,
they didn’t belong in the prize ring.
Clean training, judgment, a stiff punch,
the ability to duck and counter, wind,
legs, lungs—but no miracles.

  Buster still insisted upon working out,
even though Cassidy would have pre-
ferred that he rest. No need to bum
up the little remaining stamina. But
Buster whirled around the gym, cutting
viciously at the light bag and socking
into the heavy sand bag as if trying to
vent his disappointment on something
concrete. The pity of it was that after
one or two socks he was breathing like
a porpoise, and his legs trembled as if
shaken with the ague.

  He did not mention Molly. He never
talked about anything. Moan Cassidy
knew that the boy was hurt. He knew
that he had been double-crossed. Yet
he dared not mention the fact. It would
be the last straw—the cutting away of
the last prop that held Buster to a ves-
tige of sanity. He could only hope that
Buster would survive the Madden fight
without serious injury and that he could
rebuild from the wreck; build up a new
Buster with more vision and more gray-
matter.

  Then, on the night before the fight, a
timid knock came on his door. He took
his slippered feet off the dresser, set
down his corncob pipe carefully and bel-
lowed a gruff “Come in.” Pop Cassidy
28

Fight Stories

was not in a mood to talk with any one.

  He struggled to his feet a moment
later and endeavored to hide his embar-
rassment and to appear natural. He
knew the identity of his visitor. He had
heard her description so many times
from Buster that it was impossible for
him to mistake her. His hand was trem-
bling. His brain was hardly clear. He
was face to face with the girl who had
so heartlessly ruined his “boy” and who
had tumbled the dreams of a lifetime
down about his shoulders.

  “I’m Molly O’Connor,” announced
the girl in a dead voice. “I’ve come to
talk with you, if you’ll talk to me. I
had to. I had to talk with some one. It
hurts me—here.” She pressed her hand
over her heart.

  Cassidy gave her the chair and perched
on the edge of the bed. He was not
impressed as yet. He knew that girls
could be good actresses. Frankie the
Gyp had said that Molly was Sailor
Madden’s girl. Maybe she was acting
—maybe not. He waited for her to
speak.

  "I haven’t been near Buster in the
past four days,” she confessed in the
same flat voice. “I guess you know
that. I guess you know what I did to
him. I ruined him.”

  Moan Cassidy nodded and picked up
his corncob pipe. Seemed he could al-
ways think better with that pipe burn-
ing.

  “What can I do to help, now, this
late?” she cried. “You don’t know
what I’ve gone through. You don’t
know what I’ve suffered. I’ve been a
little fool, ‘a sap,’ as Sailor Madden
would say. He told me that he’d be
terribly hurt if Buster was to hit him
on the right side. I fell for the story.
I agreed to help him by keeping Buster
out of condition. I did it. And now I
feel that Madden intends injuring Bus-
ter for life; to hurt him so badly that
he’ll never be able to fight again. And
I’m the person who did it—not any blow
that Madden may strike.”

  “I knew it all the time,” informed Cas-

sidy. “I was tipped off. I knew that
Buster was riding to a fall, but I
thought that he couldn’t be wrong all
the way. I thought maybe you’d rec-
ognize what a good, clean, honest boy
he is, and kind of lay off of him.”

  “You knew and you didn’t tell him?”
she cried.

  Pop Cassidy nodded. “No, I didn’t
tell him. He has a right to be happy,
if he can be happy. If he loved you as
much as he said he did—well, it would
take a pretty bad girl not to like Buster.
I was sure that you weren’t bad, else he
couldn’t love you as much as he does.
He’s broken hearted because you haven’t
had anything to do with him during the
past four days. Moonin’ around the
gym like a dying calf—trying to work.
He can’t work at all; he’s thinkin’ of
you all the time. I can’t do anything
about it, either.”

  Her cheeks were white. “Does he
think that much of me?” she asked
softly.

  Cassidy snorted. “Lady, at this min-
ute that boy would throw away his box-
ing gloves forever if you were to say
the word. He’d go back to sellin’ news-
papers or them bonds you been tellin*
him about, if he thought it would get
a nod from you. He’s licked. I’ve seen
it before.”

SHE was weeping. “Oh, Mr. Cas-
sidy, tell me something I can do to
wipe out this terrible thing? Isn’t there
something ?”

  Cassidy shook his head sadlv. “No,
miss,” he declared. “There ain’t noth-
ing that can be done, I reckon. Buster
will have to take his medicine. Only
thing you can do—and I ask you to do
this because I love the boy like my own
son—is to keep him straight when this
is all over. Don't just feel sorry for
him and leave him go after he goes
through this hell. If you love him, say
so, and help me make a man out of
him, and a champion.

  “I won’t have you foolin’ him no
longer, Miss. I know you’re sorry.
“Shoot That Left I”

29

Nobody by the name of Molly O’Con-
nor would be crooked and like it. If
you love him, close your eyes the night
he meets Sailor Madden. Try to for-
get that a game kid is going in against
a bird that would hit him with a brick
if he thought he could get away with it.
Forget about him staggerin’ around the
ring and tryin’ to hit back. Go out and
help him to get back on his feet—up to
where he belongs. Girl, do you love
my Buster?”

  She looked straight into his eyes.
“Yes, I do,’’ she whispered. Her cheeks
were crimson, but her eyes were flam-
ing with a new glory. “I didn’t know
it until the other evening when I sat
watching him, but I do. I thought I
was just sorry for him, but now I know
that I miss him. There’s a great empty
spot in my heart when he isn’t near me.
I’m hungry for him now—and I love
him. I'll pay him hack with my whole
life for this mistake I’ve made, if he’ll
only give me the chance.”

  There was a wetness in old Moan
Cassidy’s eyes. He patted her kindly
upon the shoulder. “Don’t feel too bad,
Molly,” he comforted, although his own
heart was weighted with grief. “We all
make mistakes. I have. And the
boy’ll need you more now than ever
before. Stick to him, girl, he’s worth
it.’’

  She was weeping softly. Her eyes
were fixed on the opposite wall. She
squared her shoulders as if arriving at
a decision. “Listen to me,” she begged
of Cassidy. “Maybe I can help. May-
be there is something that can be done.
It would be hard, but it would help, and
maybe it might even win him the cham-
pionship. It would mean the end be-
tween Buster and I. But I’ll make the
sacrifice. Maybe I can pay him back.”

  Cassidy was staring at her. “What is
it, girl? What are you talking about?”
he demanded in a tense voice.

  “Well,” she smiled through her tears,
“if Buster could know that he had been
double-crossed, as you call it. and that
Sailor Madden had used me to do the

double-crossing, wouldn’t he think that
I had never been playing square with
him? Wouldn’t he hate me? Wouldn’t
he do his best to get even with Madden
for breaking his heart and his strength.
Wouldn't he go into that ring, for-
getting that he was tired, forgetting
everything excepting that he had
been cheated and hurt? Wouldn’t he
do his best to beat that Madden fel-
low as quickly and as terribly as pos-
sible?”

  Cassidy was studying her face. “Any
fellow with any guts would do that,”
he told her.

  “Well, Pop, listen. The night of the
fight let me call up Madden. I’ll tell
him that I’ll be waiting for him in the
dressing-room of Buster Martin and
that he’s to stop in there and take me
with him to the ringside as he goes
along the corridor. I’ll tell him that
that will be the last straw to batter down
Buster’s nerves. I’ll tell him that if
Buster sees him walking off with the
girl he believes is his, that it will finish
him. I’ll tell Madden that he can tell
Buster how I double-crossed him; that
it will make the boy feel worse. Mad-
den will do it. He’d jump at a chance
to gloat over Buster; to take me out of
the dressing-room in front of Buster’s
eyes; to break his spirit completely.
He’d like to crush him that way as
well as with his fists. Don’t you think
it will work?” She regarded Cassidy
anxiously.

  There was a new light of hope in
Cassidy’s eyes. He stared at her as if
seeing her for the first time. Then he
jumped to his feet and smote his hands
together with a mighty crash.

  “If I know my Buster, and Sailor
Madden will fall for that story, we have
a chance—a chance in a million—but a
chance! If Buster has the strength to
stand up and swing one punch at that
crook’s jaw we have a chance. I hate
crooks. He won the title that way—a
frameup like he rap with you. Molly
girl, if you’re game to go through with
this, maybe we have a chance. I’m not
30

Fight Stories

promising anything. I’m just willing
to lay a bet on Buster's fighting heart,
a heart that goes on fighting after his
nerves and muscles have quit. I’ll take
the chance. Can you do it ?”

  She smiled confidently, trying to
cover her quivering lips. “Yes, I can
do it,” she promised. “I can do any-
thing to pay for the wrong I did Buster.
I’ll do it. I’ll bring Sailor Madden to
Buster’s dressing-room fifteen minutes
before they step into the ring. I’ll do
it or die.”

  When she had gone Cassidy stood
staring up at the electric light set in the
ceiling. Next door he could hear Bus-
ter tramping up and down, haunting the
telephone, still hoping for some word
from "his Molly.”

      CHAPTER XI
      16 to 5 on Martin

DOWN in caverns under the Arena,
Buster Martin was in his dress-
ing-room. His hands were taped, his
trunks were on, his shoes were laced se-
curely. The gloves had been fitted on
before the eyes of a representative of
the Boxing Commission and a personal
representative of the Champion. Buster
Martin was ready for the ring. But
Buster was sound asleep upon the rub-
down table. Cassidy stood over him,
his watch in his hand, keeping an abso-
lute stillness in the room. Over in one
corner the water-bucket and bottles,
along with the smelling salts and the
terrible, searing, collodion that was used
on deep cuts to stop the bleeding, were
waiting to be carried to Buster’s corner
of the ring, when the youngster
mounted the stairs to face his ordeal of
battle.

  In the dressing-room there was no
sound but the deep, even breathing of
the sleeping Buster.

  In Sailor Madden’s dressing-room
was a different scene. The scowling
Sailor was dancing around on his toes,

looking trained to the minute and mak-
ing vicious lunges at imaginary Buster
Martins. Shadow-boxing, flexing his
muscles, waiting for the minute when
the call boy would summon him to the
ring.

  Spike O’Toole was chuckling to a
group of his particular cronies. “Oh,
Boy!” he was saying. “Won’t there be
a yowl tomorrow when the news leaks
out? Listen! The odds are 13 to 5
on Martin. The office is in that the
Sailor hasn’t trained a lick for this bout
and that he’s ready to blow the title—
can’t make the weight. They think he’s
trained on beer and bananas, get me?
I’ve been covering as much of the Mar-
tin dough as I can grab without spiliin’
the mitt. Been takin’ it since last
week, goin’ in hock to raise more dough
when my own ran out. This is the big-
gest shot I’ve ever pulled, and take it
from me, it’s a lulu! Why them ‘wise
boys’ out in front are just beggin’ for
die chance to get money down on Mar-
tin at name-your-own price. I wish I
had a million to bet! This scrap is
strictly in the bag. The Sailor will fin-
ish that lush in about the second round.
Write that down in the book. Look at
him, gents, he’s in the pink and rarin’
to go.”

  Sailor Madden was thinking of other
things. He was thinking of that little
“Frail,” Molly. Molly had called him
up an hour ago and had told him to
stop in Martin’s dressing-room on his
way to the ring to see the result of her
handiwork. She had asked in such a
seductive voice that Madden had
promised.

  The Sailor was easy to influence—
when it came to gloating over a rival.
He wanted to see Buster Martin, pale
and drawn and white, before he met
him in the ring. He wanted to say a
few things, and then he wanted to take
Molly out of there with him. Not that
he cared anything about Molly, but just
to get Martin’s goat. He was impatient
for the word—for the call to the
slaughter.
“Shoot That Left!”

31

BACK in Martin’s dressing-room the
door opened and a white-faced
Molly crept into the room. She looked
questioningly at the table on which
Buster was sleeping soundly.

  “First time he’s been asleep in two
days,” whispered Cassidy hoarsely.
“He’ll wake up with a grouch against
the world, and that little bit of sleep
will do him more good than a shot of
hop. I still have hopes. How about
the Sailor?”

  “I called him up about an hour ago.
He promised he’d stop by and say a few
words to Buster on the way to the ring.”
Cassidy nodded his head in satisfac-
tion. “Well,. I hope it works the way
I want it to. Remember, you must act
the part, though. You got to sit in
Madden’s corner, and every time Buster
looks at you, you have to be yelling for
Madden to smash him.”

  She nodded wearily. “I understand,”
she murmured. “I w'on’t fail. After
tonight it won’t make any difference—
that is for me. I’ll never see Buster
again. He never will want to see me.
He’ll hate me, despise me. I can’t
blame him. I deserve it. But it will
be hard, to have to know that he is
thinking those things.”

  Upstairs the semi-final was moving
fast and furiously. The crowd was
having its appetite for the final bout
whetted by a good old-fashioned slug-
fest and was crying encouragement to
the two fighters slugging in the center
of the ring.

  It was over! One of the boys snaked
a right to the jaw and stood staring
stupidly at the crumpled form of the
man at his feet. The referee had to
wave him away twice, before he would
go to a far corner and let the count pro-
ceed. The electric indicator showed
that it was the eighth round of a ten-
round fight. The referee’s arm rose and
fell on the fatal count of ten. Seconds
leaped into the ring and half supported
the loser to his corner. The winner
shook hands' with himself in front of
the crowd.

  A sudden stillness fell over the im-
mense arena, the lull before the storm.
Then a rising sea of voices—the mur-
mur of twenty thousand mouths talking
at one time.

  In one corner of the ringside seats
some of the “wise boys” were getting
money down on the coming fight,
anxious to bet on Martin at any odds*
Spike O’Toole had trained his wrorkers
well. They listened with assumed re-
luctance and accepted bets in the same
spirit. The “word” had been passed
that Sailor Madden was about to
“blow” his title and that at the end of
fifteen rounds a new champion would
have his hand raised.

  A wheezing band tried to make itself
heard above the clamor of conversation.
Lights were turned on all over the hall.
For the moment the bright Klieg lights
over the ring were turned off. Fireflies
appeared by the thousand—little flames
darting up here and there as cigarets
were lighted in anticipation of the big
battle.

  In the betting corner the odds were
now 16 to 5 against Madden, and Spike
O’Toole was gloating. He’d be worth
a million in the morning.

  In Martin’s dressing-room a tired,
white-faced boy was still sleeping. A
cowering, white-faced girl was slumped
down in a straight-backed chair, and a
red-faced old man was waiting with
anxious eyes and pounding heart—an
old man who wore a roll-necked sweater
on which appeared the words “Buster
Martin.”

CHAPTER XII
The Clang of the Bell

IN the Sailor’s dressing-room the
Sailor started toward the door, es-
corted by Spike O’Toole and a young
army of handlers. .True, the “handlers”
would all creep into positions along the
ring side after the Sailor climbed
through tke ropes. It was part of the
32

Fight Stories

graft, for only three men would be per-
mitted in his corner, but at the moment
they were ‘‘handlers'’ and the police
guard let them through. It was one of
the ways Spike O’Toole and Sailor
Martin rewarded the faithful.

  Sailor Madden swaggered impor-
tantly down the corridor. At the door
to Buster Marlin’s dressing-room he
paused and waved for all to go on ex-
cepting Spike O’Toole. He winked
largely at the surprised O’Toole and
hammered on the door. O’Toole stared
at him. This was a new trick.

   “I’m goin’ to rub it in a little,” an-
nounced the Sailor with a nasty grin.
There was a nasty tone in his voice also,
a grating tone of triumph. “Wait till
you see the fireworks.”

  Moan Cassidy stuck his head out of
the door. Sailor Madden pushed his
hand in Cassidy’s face and forced his
way into the room. The noise disturbed
the sleeping Martin. He roused him-
self and propped his head up on one
arm, staring owlishly at the unshaven
face of Madden. Madden strutted into
the center of the dressing-room and
looked the place over with his sneering
face.

  “Nice little layout,” he commented.
He started as if he had not noticed
Molly before, sitting in her chair in one
corner. He waved at her and showed
his teeth in a grin.

  “Hello. Babe,” he called genially.
“Ready to go?”

  She nodded her head and rose to her
feet.

  Buster Martin looked on. His brain
was clearing. He saw Molly for the
first time.

  “She's been waiting here a half an
hour,” informed Cassidy briefly. He
was studying Buster’s eyes.

  “What’s the idea of the loud conver-
sation?” demanded Buster of Madden.

  “What conversation?” asked Madden
innocently. “Ain’t a guy got the right
to talk to his best girl?”

  Buster glanced toward Molly. She
•was walking over to the Sailor.

  “His what?” shrieked Buster.

  “You : eard me, guy,” said Madden
nastily. "1 have half a mind to bust
you one—just to pay myself for lettin’
her be with you for a couple of nights.
She’ll be glad to get back with human
beings again. Won’t you, Babe?”

  “Molly!” Buster’s voice held an
agonized note. His eyes were blinking.
A wet blanket had come down and
smothered his heart. “Molly—you
don’t mean—Molly! Say it ain’t the
truth ! Say you ain’t his girl—you—”

  The girl’s eyes flashed. Her bosom
heaved. She was making her big scene.
Cassidy watched her eagerly.

  “Aw, cut the baby stuff,” she said in
a rough voice, and with a laugh almost
like the nasty laugh of Sailor Madden.
“Cut the baby stuff. I’m tired of hear-
ing it. I’ve stood for it for four weeks
now and I’d like a new line. ‘Molly’
this and Molly’ that. You starin’ at me
like a moon faced calf—and me handin’
you the old salve! What makes you
think I like the cut of your mug, bozo?
What makes you think I could take a
tumble for you when there’s men
around ?”

  She moved closer to the Sailor who
was grinning over her shoulder at the
shaken Martin.

  “Why don’t you get this Cassidy guy
to mother you some more?” she went
on. “You think there's any dough in
it for me, stringin’ with yon? You big
sap, I’m a live guy—not a dead one. I
know where my dough is cornin’ from
before I start takin’ a hand in the game.

  Her pale lips curled in a sneer. “You
with your ‘Molly—it ain’t true!’ Of
course it’s true. Anybody but a dumb-
bell would have tumbled to the racket
long ago! I gave you a good time and
kept you out of bed and away from
trainin’, so my boy friend here, Sailor
Madden, could give you the beating of
your young life. And, believe me kid,
I hope he makes it a good one for the
pain in the neck you’ve been to me dur-
ing this last month. Olive oil, kid, I’ll
see you in the funny papers.”
“Shoot That Left!”

33

  She laughed once more, the hard,
metallic laugh of Sailor Madden, and
minced out of the room without a
glance back. At the door she looked
Cassidy up and down.” “There's your
little boy, all back again safe and sound.
Think about him being the champion,
after you carry him out of the ring,
will you? You big champanzee!”

  The bulk of Sailor Madden hurled
back the assault of Moan Cassidy.
Buster Martin was standing with
clenched fists and blazing eyes. There
were two red spots on his face—one
over each cheek bone. He was staring
at Madden, his jaws working as he
ground his teeth in helpless fury.

  “So it’s a plant, eh?” he spat at
Madden through set teeth. “You dirty,
yellow; cowardly dog—gettin’ a woman
to defend you in the ring.”

  He lost control of his twitching
muscles and leaped forward before
Spike or Cassidy could interfere. His
fist, shooting out in a right swing,
bashed against Madden’s jaw, and
Madden reeled back against the wall.
He came back fighting—to face a rag-
ing animal in the form of Buster Mar-
tin.

MARTIN was clawing at Moan
Cassidy in an attempt to get at
Madden. Spike O’Toole was hauling
the Sailor away.

  “Come on, you idiot,” he was bellow-
ing. “You don't get paid for fighting
down here. You get paid for fighting up
in the ring—if you want to fight—fight
it out upstairs.”

  The door slammed and they were
gone—leaving Buster Martin with sag-
ging shoulders and a lead weight where
his heart had been.

  He raged about the room after a sec-
ond, pounding at the walls with his
gloved fists, kicking at chairs and tables,
glowering at everyone in the room with
burning eyes.

  Cassidy ventured to speak. “Buster
Boy, they’re waiting upstairs for you.
^They’re announcing from the ring now.

    F.—June—3

We have to go. Buster Boy, if you
want action, take it out of his hide.
And remember, the girl will be sittin’
there in his corner, watching him cut
you to ribbons. They mean to do it,
Boy. They mean to hammer you down
for fifteen rounds so that you never
will be in condition to fight again.
Make it short, Buster. Go after him
Boy! Get him in the first round if you
can.”

  Martin was almost calm outwardly.
Inwardly he was raging. “Listen.
Pop,” he said fiercely. “I threw you
down, see? I'm a rotten dog. You
told me what was cornin’, and I laughed
at you. I’ve busted up your whole life
and I’ve made a bum out of you after
you’ve done everything for me. I stood
here and listened to them crooks call
you names—and you the best guy in
the world. But Pop—I ain’t dead yet.
I’m going up to lick him or get killed.
I’m goiiv to lick him or get killed tryin’.
Let’s go—you guys! Let’s go—before
I go crazy!

  He threw open the door and half ran
up the stairs and into the brilliant glare
of the lights. The crowd was waiting
patiently for him. As soon as his head
and shoulders appeared above the sit-
ting crowd as he walked to the ring, a
tremendous ovation greeted him. He
noticed nothing. His face was white
and drawn. His hands were twitching.
The hectic red spots were still over
each cheek bone.

  He was climbing through the ring
ropes. He couldn’t see anything be-
cause of the glare in his eyes. He
didn’t see that the entire crowd was on
it’s feet, cheering him as the new cham-
pion. The word had already gone
around that the Sailor and he had
staged an impromptu battle in Martin’s
dressing room. The word was around
that this was to be a fight for blood—
a fight over a girl—and to the finish.

  Dimly he felt Pop Cassidy pushing
him toward the center of the ring.
Dimly he listened to the referee and
heard nothing. He felt the lights go
34

Fight Stories

out all over the building, leaving the
ring in its stark-naked whiteness, with
two fighters in the center of the
glare.

  A whistle blew. He knew that he
had hold of the top ropes in his cor-
ners and was flexing his muscles as he
always did. He saw Molly’s face for
one second—dimly outlined in the
tricky light below him. And he saw
she was laughing at him! The flame
burned widi a new intensity. He was
aching to feel Sailor Madden’s body
against his gloved fists. A terrible
noise sounded in his ears. He jumped
and whirled around as if on a spring.
It was the gong—the signal for the be-
ginning of the first round!

CHAPTER XIII
Buster Martin vs. Sailor Madden

MADDEN had leaped out of his
corner like a raging beast. Buster
met him in the center of the ring. They
stood toe to toe for a full minute, arms
working with the speed of lightning
bolts. Buster was playing for the face.
Madden was pounding at Buster’s stom-
ach. Madden knew that it would be
a “downstairs” battle. A round’s
pounding in the belly would just about
finish a fighter in the condition of Bus-
ter Martin.

  Buster seemed not to feel the shower
of blows. He was intent upon crashing
his gloved fists into Madden’s face. He
had forgotten science—forgotten how
to tie his man up to prevent body pun-
ishment. He was merely a berserk sav-
age, a street brawler, living only for
the pleasure it gave him to feel the
flesh of Madden’s face under his fists.

  He stepped back. He was panting.
Madden’s last punch had hurt him. His
stomach felt sick. He realized now his
lack of condition. He was shaken all
over. He heard Spike O’Toole yelling
to Madden:

  “That shot got him, Sailor—that shot
spilled his guts. Go in and rip a few

more to the same place! He can’t take
it downstairs.”

  In Martin’s corner, Pop Cassidy was
chewing on his checked cap—chewing it
to tatters. He was suffering each time
one of the Sailor’s pile-driving hooks
thudded into the soft stomach of his
boy. He was praying. Tears were
streaming down his cheeks. He tried
to yell encouragement and only a hoarse
croak resulted. Still Buster did hear
that old cry:

  “Shoot ’at left, Buster—■shoot 'at
left.”

  Martin gave ground and studied the
Sailor. His eyes were red with hate.
Madden was sneering at him. Martin’s
left glove shot out like a whip-lash and
the spat of leather on flesh smashed the
sneer from Madden’s lips. Madden
snarled. There was blood trickling
from the corner of his mouth. He
rushed, and again Martin gave ground,
shooting punches from underneath, up
at the Sailor’s covered head. He felt
them going in—one—two—three! The
Sailor straightened up and Martin
drove a right cross to the temple that
shook Madden to his toes.

  The Sailor was screaming at him,
mouthing vile language. Again the red
tide surged into Martin’s eyes. He
went in to fight it out, toe to toe. A
jolting short right took him under the
heart. His mouthed jarred open and
another terrific left to the same spot
caused him to gasp. The world went
black suddenly. A right hook landed on
his jaw. He felt himself slipping—go-
ing down. He felt the soft surface of
the canvas, was dimly aware that the
shrieking maniacs out in the darkness
were people—men and women. He
knew that he had been knocked down
and that the referee was counting. He
knew that over in the far corner, Mad-
den was standing with his arms thrown
over the ropes and a nasty smirk on
his battered face.

  Pie turned his buzzing head and, his
eyes rested on the form of Pop Cas-
sidy, miles away, chewing on his cap—
“Shoot That Left!”

35

tears in his eyes. His head cleared a
little. He saw the referee’s arm going
up and down. He was saying “eight,”
and the voice sounded a mile off. He
had to go on. He’d thrown Pop down
—treated him like a dog.

  Below him a frantic radio announcer
was telling the world :

  “Martin is' down in his comer, right
over our heads! His eves are glazed
and there is a look of pain on his face.
Those terrific smashes over the heart
literally drove him into the canvas. It
will be a bad night for the boys who bet
against the Champion at odds of 16 to
5. It looks as if Martin is not going to
survive the round. .

  He was up! He threw himself to his
feet as the referee's arm was ascending
for the tenth count. Sailor Madden
was all over him in an instant. Mar-
tin’s reeling brain told him that he must
cover and get away. He couldn't. His
legs were trembling. His arms felt
heavy. He saw the punch coming and
couldn’t duck it. It thudded home on
his jaw. Again he crashed to the can-
vas, and the fatal ten was being
chanted again, and the radio announcer
was saying:

  “It surprised us all when Martin got
to his feet. He was still very groggy
and badly hurt. He’s down again with
a right to the jaw. He’ll stay down
this time or I’m no judge of fighters.
He’s terribly hurt. There is blood
streaming from his mouth and his legs
are like rubber. The Sailor’s punches
must be more terrible than we imagine,
for Martin’s body is quivering from the
impact ... By Glory! He’s up!”

THE thrill-crazed announcer was
right! Martin was staggering to
his feet. For an instant—for an in-
stant only—his fighting heart was telling
him that he must stand up. He tried to
charge Madden, but Madden was back-
ing away, sneering at him. Madden
landed two short lefts to the body and
an overhand right to the top of Buster’s
head. The blows felt like the landing

of a pile driver. And they were only
taps—measuring punches.

  He tried to box, but his arms were
too heavy. He heard a shrill voice—a
girl’s voice. It sounded over the din of
twenty thousand fight mad fans:

  “Kill him, Sailor. Kill the big bum !”
Martin knew that voice. It was
Molly’s. All of the rage of five min-
utes ago surged through him. He felt
himself strong again. His head cleared.
He felt that he was out-boxing the
Sailor—automatically. (Pop Cassidy’s
training).

  He flicked out his left and saw the
blood spatter from the Sailor’s flat nose.
He stepped back, feinted with his left,
and crossed a heavy right to the Sailor’s
jaw. It went home like a lightning bolt.
It shook the Sailor from heels to head.
He heard Spike’s rough voice:

  “Keep away from that right, you
dummy!” Spike was bellowing. “That
guy can hit as long as he is alive!”
Martin was grinning—a wolf grin.
“Hit?" He’d show ’em he could hit!
He waded in close and ripped his right
hand to the Sailor’s heart. Again the
Sailor wilted a trifle and gave ground.
And Martin, the terrible rage burning
him up, followed after him—shooting
short rights and lefts to the jaw and
head of the snarling man before him.
He could sec nothing but the head of
the Sailor and the bloody gleam on two
of his gold teeth. Buster reveled in
the sight; he was counting—making
him feel the weight of his fists.

  He lashed forward and drove an up-
percut to the jaw. At the same mo-
ment, Madden side-stepped and, from
a crouch, drove a body punch at Mar-
tin. It went home with terrible force
—and it was low. Martin groaned
aloud in his agony and started to double
up. As he sank to the floor, the Sailor
shot two rights to the jaw.

  When he wrent down Martin knew
that he was done. He’d felt that pain
before. It was the muscle and heart
paralysing blow—the dirty punch, a
punch the referee couldn’t see. A thou-
36

Fight Stories

sand voices shrieked “Foul!” But the
referee shook his head and began the
count. And Martin sank lower 011 the
floor.

  In the corner, Pop Cassidy stood,
tears streaming down his face, his lips
muttering strange curses. There was a
towel in his hand. He was thinking
that he had to save his Buster from fur-
ther punishment. He had to save him
from terrible injury. He blamed him-
self. Should have called the fight oft'.
In his grief he forgot that the rules will
not permit a fighter’s manager to end
the fight by throwing in the sponge.
The referee must end the fight—or
stop it.

  In Madden’s corner a white-faced
girl, a stricken light in her eyes,
watched the gray face of the man she
loved. The referee’s arm was going up
for the ninth time. The house was a
bedlam, and Martin was still inert upon
the floor of the ring—near to his own
corner.

  A hoarse, fog-horn sound broke
through the din. It was the frenziedly
ringing bell. Martin was saved for an-
other three minutes of torture!

  Madden turned to his corner. His
face was slippery with blood, and two
great welts showed on his flesh where
the gloves of Buster Martin had left
their trade-mark.

  “ *At guy can sure hit,” he gasped to
Spike O’Toole. “I’ll get him next
round.”

  ‘‘You stay away from that right of
his—as long as he’s on his feet!” snarled
O’Toole.

  Madden grinned.

  With the sound of the bell, Cassidy
had leaped into the ring and by main
strength dragged the almost uncon-
scious Buster to his corner. He knew
it to be a hopeless gesture. He knew
that Buster would never answer the bell
for the second round. Cassidy had seen
them go down like that before. He was
working on the boy mechanically—from
long practice. Buster lifted his head
and looked up with dull eyes.

  “What round is it?” he demanded of
Pop Cassidy. “What round is it?”
“The end of the first,” answered Cas-
sidv truthfully, “and you’re out on your
feet.”

CHAPTER XIV
The Boomerang Returns

A TREMOR shook Martin. *Tn»
out when I’m out,” he growled.
“I’ll paste that big gorilla yet. I had
him goin’ and he got yellow and fouled
me when the ref’ couldn’t see the shot.
Listen: If you’ve got any idea of
throwin’ in the sponge for me—just be-
cause I’m on the floor—you forget it.
So help me, if you heave in that sponge,
I’m off you for life. Promise me, Pop
—no sponge! I’ll take it if I have to
get it, but let me go down fightin’—
please!

  Cassidy looked down at him. There
was a light in his eyes that only a father
could correctly interpret. “I promise,
kid,” he said huskily. He glanced up.
“That Molly girl is over there in the
Sailor’s corner havin’ a regular circus,”
he reported.

  Martin’s body went tense and rigid,
“Oh yeah!” he said through his split
lips. “Yeah! Well, I’ll send her little
boy friend home next round o. k. My
gosh, Pop. but I’m tired! I can hardly
stand up.”

  The buzzer buzzed. Ten seconds to
go!

  “That left, Buster,” begged Cassidy.
“That left to tilt up his head. He’s a
mark for it. Then let him have the
right.” He pushed him off the stool
toward the center of the ring.

  The radio announcer was talking
again to his unseen audience:

  “Cassidy has been saying things to
his man during the rest. Believe it or
not, but except for the battered look
you would never know that Buster Mar-
tin was on the floor three times during
that last round and had to be carried
“Shoot That Left!”

37

to his corner after the bell. The fire
is back in his eyes and he’s glaring at
the Sailor as if he intended to eat him
lip. This Buster Martin is one sweet
boy for anyone’s money. He’s shown
more sheer guts here tonight than we've
seen in the Arena in a blue moon. He’s
leaping oft his stool. He’s jumping
across the ring. It’s his old trick, folks!
He’s trapped the Sailor coming out of
his corner.”

  With the gong Martin had leaped out
as the Sailor rose slowly to his feet.
He trapped him in the Sailor’s own cor-
ner, close to the ropes. He was bobbing
and ducking in front of Madden, and
his hands were flashing in and out, tie-
ing up the Sailor without touching him.
There was a grim look on Buster’s face.
He was thinking of what Pop had said:
“That Molly girl is over there in the
Sailor’s corner having a circus.” Yeah?

  Spat! Without him knowing it, his
right flashed out and jarred the Sailor’s
head back. He sank his left up to the
glove wrist in Madden’s middle and,
stepping back, crashed another right to
the jaw. The Sailor closed and held.
In the clinches Madden heeled him
under the chin with the back of his
glove and the laces cut a deep gash in
Buster’s upper lip. He could hear the
shrill voice of Molly. She was scream-
ing at the top of her voice:

  “Kill the big boob, Sailor. Sock him
one for me—”

  The sound gave new strength to
his weary arms. He lashed out with a
straight right, and the Sailor slipped to
one knee. The referee waved Martin
away and the house was filled with so
many gibbering lunatics. He stepped
back, panting and eager. He felt his
legs trembling and his arms were
powerless. The Sailor was up and com-
ing in.

  As he lunged in, Martin jabbed him
to the sore nose with three rapid lefts
and laughed aloud as he saw the blood
spurt anew. The Sailor was again
mouthing expletives. He was slamming
away at Martin’s body, each blow hurt-

ing and each blow taking some of the
little stamina left in the battered body
of Buster Martin. He knew that he
was at the end of his rope. The
thought drove him mad. In another
round he would not have enough
strength left to drive home a finishing
punch, even if Madden gave him the
opening.

  He stepped in desperately and swung.
Madden crashed through his guard with
a pounding left to the jaw. Again the
world rocked and swayed, and a shrill
laugh came to him—Molly’s laugh. He
bobbed his head and threw a right hook
at the Sailor’s body. He heard Madden
grunt. He lashed out with an over-
hand left and knew that it had found
the Sailor’s jaw. Then the Sailor
reached him with another of those pile-
driving rights to the heart.

   In condition and hard as nails, Buster
would have laughed off such a punch.
Tonight they landed with a crushing
force. His knees sagged and his hands
dropped to his sides. Quick as a flash
Madden leaped in, sensing the moment.
His left and right thudded against Bus-
ter’s jaw—even while Buster was
crumbling from the body blow. The
world spun and the blinding lights were
sickening. Like a ship at sea, rocking
in the storm, he could hear Cassidy’s
voice pleading with him:

  “Get up, Buster! Get up! Get up, or
I’ll throw in the sponge.”

  Martin stirred his pain racked body
at “Four.” It was a quiver of punch
drunk muscles and nerves to the ring
siders. To Buster it was a titan effort
to stand erect. His legs refused to
work. His brain was dead.. He was
sobbing. His lungs were like furnaces,
burning him cruelly with each indrawn
breath. He knew that he was licked—
for the first time in his life. Out!
Beaten! The referee was saying
",Seven!”

  He was on his side in Madden’s cor-
ner. Dimly he saw'the snarling face
of Spike O’Toole grinning at him. And
then he saw Molly O’Connor, and he?
38

Fight Stories

eyes were glowing and her fists doubled.

  “Get up, you mama’s boy!” She was
screaming full in his face—not ten feet
distant. “Get up, you bum sport. Get
up and take your medicine from a bet-
ter man. Stop dogging it, you quitter!
Oh you yellow dog!’’

  He was on his feet without looking
around. He didn't even know where the
Sailor was standing. He couldn’t see.
The lights were still reeling. He felt
the strength of ten giants. His heart
was aflame. “Bum sport, eh?—yellow
dog?” He groped about with his two
hands. A thudding blow landed behind
his ear and he whirled. Punches had
lost the power to hurt him. A crashing
left landed on his jaw and he shook it
off, waded in. He had found Madden.
His gloves were touching him.

  His head was clearing a little. He
could hear, hear the shouts and growls
and cries from the house; hear the bed-
lam of noise as Madden broke ground
under his attack and retreated across the
ring. Madden had a puzzled look on
his face. He couldn’t understand how
this boy could keep getting up. Spike
O'Toole was chewing his cigar and
swallowing the raw leaf. Cassidy was
shrieking, his face purple:

  “Shoot ’at left. Buster! Shoot ’at left I
The left, Boy—the left!"

CHAPTER XV
Molly Wins a Decision

FAINTLY Buster heard Pop’s voice.
What? The left? Oh yes—the left
—the old trick Pop had taught him in
the beginning. Prop ’em up with a left
jab and drop ’em with the right. He
was fighting like an automaton. But
he was fighting with fury, driving the
Sailor across the ring, beating at his face
and body with a never-ending storm of
short rights and lefts. In the center of
the ring he stopped short and gave the
Sailor time to open up. Then he stepped
in and measured him._ His left flicked

out, a short snappy left jab, just as it
always flicked out. And before it landed
on its target the right was on its way,
following it up.

  The left tilted the Sailor’s head up so
that his jaw was exposed for the frac-
tion of a second, and then the crashing
right drove home—the good old right
hand that knew when hay was to be
made. The hard bone of the Sailor’s
jaw under his glove sent a wave of
exultation over Martin. He closed in—
but he stumbled over something on the
floor. He was still fighting, slashing out
with his hands, but the Sailor wasn’t
there. And the knock-down timekeeper
was counting, “Two.’’ The referee was
pushing Buster to his corner so he could
go on with the count.

  As it was, Madden got a longer count
than he was entitled to due to Martin’s
numbed brain. But he didn’t stir, and a
stunned Spike O’Toole pulled him
bodily to his corner when the fight was
over—when the referee had counted the
final, “Ten—and out!”

  A raging mob descended upon the
ring to carry Martin to the dressing
room. On the way in he passed out
completely. The police had to carry
him the rest of the way and place him
on the rub-down table, so Pop Cassidy,
“Moan” Cassidy in all truth on this
occasion, could go to work on him.

  Outside the frenzied mob pounded on
the door and demanded entrance to the
idol’s dressing room, but Pop ignored
the clamor. He was ministering with the
tender hands of a woman to the battered
body of “his Boy.”

IT was not until the next morning that
Buster was really able to listen to
anything. It was not until he awoke
from a pain-racked sleep in which he
continued the fight of the night before,
that he knew that he was “Buster Mar-
tin, Lightweight Champion of the
World”; a Champion the newspapers
heralded as “the greatest of them all,
a boy that hasn’t sense enough to know
when he’s knocked out—and goes on
“Shoot That Left!”

39

fighting with his heart.” He read the
papers, all of them, as any boy would
do the morning after he happened to
become the lightweight champion of the
world.

  “I heard you yell, ‘use ’at left, Bus-
ter.’ and I did it just like you showed
me a million times,” he told Cassidy.
“And then I found myself wonderin’
why I couldn’t hit him any more. He
wasn't there.”

  Pop Cassidy grinned happily. “He
was on the floor, and I was the Manager
of a World’s Champion.”

  “Pop, I’m awful glad for your sake,”
said the happy kid. “I’m more glad
than I am for myself. It’s your chance
to laugh at the guys that laughed at you
for so many years.”

  Cassidy was serious and silent for a
long moment. He patted Buster on the
back. “Listen, Boy, there’s another
friend of yours out here that would like
to shake your hand and wish you luck.
Don’t be too hard. And everything that
she did yesterday and last night I knew
about in advance and told her to do it—
to help you lick Madden.”

  “Who is it?” demanded Buster sus-
piciously.

  “Never mind who it is,” answered

Cassidy. “Just remember what I’m tell-
in’ you. I knew about the whole thing,
and I planned it all with her help to save
you from yourself. It was the only
chance you had to win. I had Molly
O’Connor trap Sailor Madden into
steppin’ into your dressin’ room before
the fight to give you the razzle-dazzle.
I wanted you to think you had been
double-crossed. It was a hard job for
Molly—but she handled it like a thor-
oughbred. After all, she won the fight
for you; not you or me. I want you to
see her—and whatever you do or say to
her—I’m for her, all the way! She’s a
girl in a million.”

  Cassidy stepped out of the room. His
eyes were wet. Too much happiness in
one day!

  In the next room, where Molly was
waiting, he lifted up her face and kissed
her on the forehead. “You can go in,
Molly girl,” he told her. “I guess it
will be O.K.”

  His eyes flashed for a minute and he
grinned his old grin. “And you tell that
bird that even if he is the Champion of
the World, if he don’t kiss you the first
minute you’re in there, I’ll come in and
lick him myself.”

  And Molly went in.

THE END

FRIENDSHIP THROUGH DEFEAT

BEFORE Tom Sharkey’s first fight with Jeffries, he was absolutely confident
that he would become heavyweight champion of the world. The tremendously
powerful young sailor fairly bubbled over with strength and vitality and cock-
sureness.

    For weeks after the decision was given against him he was actually heart-
broken. He moped around, brooding. He hated Jeffries with a consuming bitter-
ness. When he signed to meet the big boilermaker for the second time that bout
could have been billed in all honesty as a “grudge” fight.

    It was as hard fought as the first. Sharkey came out of it with three broken
ribs, but he came out with the “grudge” missing. He was a fighting man first, last
and all the time, and he appreciated a fighter more than anything else in the world.

    Tom found Jim Jeffries a great fighting man, a man who took the worst he
had to give, and came back for more, and his hatred was swallowed up in admira-
tion. He found it impossible to dislike a man who fought as well as Big Jim did,
and they became fast friends.
CLANG!

HANDLERS disappear in the void of
surrounding darkness — water-pails
are whipped from resined floors—a
flood of light beats down on the stripped
bodies of two gladiators!

                        To that setting the hearts of men have
                    ever thrilled.

   For stark drama it has never been equalled.

   In a roped ring two men, armed only with Nature’s gifts of cour-
age, muscle and nerve, poise for action—for the blood-tingling
charge that heralds a battle for supremacy!

   It has been the soul-food of a race of men who have carried
civilization to the world’s last outpost—the breed that has borne
the white man’s burden without whimper or retreat, who has built
cities, spanned bridges and crimsoned a thousand battlefields with
the last measure of courageous devotion.

  FIGHT STORIES will be the story magazine of that sport
and for those men. Its pages will be bright with the courage of
he-men in a he-man’s game. Here you will find a rallying place for
men of your kidney. Here the best sport writers of your day will
spin their yarns of romance and action and adventure of the prize
ring. Youth and experience will blend to give you in FIGHT
STORIES a CLEAN, PACKED-WITH-ACTION, ENTER-
TAINING magazine!

   You’re the referee I

40

             THE EDITOR
  The Durable Dane

By JACK KOFOED

Battling Nelson—a fighter who made the fans break up their chairs! His
attack was his defense; he never took a backward step in the ring! Begin
the amazing life-story of this fighting flame here—Part 1.

THE sun shone hotly from the
blue sky on a wooden arena in
Colma, where two nearly naked
men were fighting.

  One was deep-chested and handsome.
The lines of his body were well
rounded. He was beautiful as an athlete
is beautiful, clear-eyed, graceful. The
other looked smaller. His face was
weazened, his neck thin. The wiry
bristles of his almost colorless hair
stuck out at all angles.

  They were the actors in one of the
most dramatic battles the history of the
ring has ever recorded.

 The handsome man was Jimmy
Britt; the drawn and scrubby one Bat-
tling Nelson. Nelson moved forward,
always forward. He had no defense to

speak of. Britt hit him at will. Nelson
continued to move forward. No matter
how hard or how often Britt punched
he bored in just the same. Jimmy kept
backing away, smashing him cruel
blows, and always he kept advancing.

  Once inside Britt’s arms. Nelson
went to work. Punch, punch, punch,
right and left, to stomach and kidney,
and short, hard uppercuts to the jaw.
In the clinches Nelson did all the fight-
ing, while Britt strove to protect him-
self. Jimmy wanted to box at long
range. The Battler would have none of
it. He started to fight his way inside
the moment the referee forced them
apart.

  Britt landed six blows to Nelson's
one. They were hard blows, for the

41
42

Fight Stories

pride of the Pacific Coast had a left
hand like a foil and a right with the
hint of dynamite in it.

   At times Nelson’s expressionless face
was a crimson jelly under the thud of
Britt's sodden gloves; there were times
when even his Greek body seemed to
be stung through and through by the
merciless flogging. But he never
stopped going forward. The roughest,
toughest lightweight champion that ever
lived was working at his trade. He took
no account of the rounds. There was
no need of accounting, for it was a fight
to a finish.

   Through all of it Britt paid no heed
to his seconds. Wildly they urged him
to caution in the earlier rounds, but
Jimmy sought to stop his opponent by
main strength. He boxed, but it was
not the cautious, defensive boxing he
had shown in other fights. He was wag-
ing his own war. Win or lose, the credit
would be his.

  In the sixth Nelson punched Britt
groggy. The gong saved him. Another
minute and he would have been done.

  The rest did wonders for him. He
recuperated amazingly. Nelson needed
no recuperation. He had neither tired
nor wilted under the constant punching.
He was as strong and almost as fresh
as when he started.

   In the succeeding rounds Britt could
do nothing with Nelson. He hit him a
thousand blows. In the matter of points
he was far ahead, but points meant
nothing. Jimmy was not hurting the
Battler, not slowing him down in the
least, and that meant he was losing—
grimly and gamely, but losing just the
same.

  So the fight went. The crowd was
all for him. It cheered every move he
made. Even the newspaper men in the
press row were praying for him. for
Jimmy Britt was the idol of the Coast,
and Nelson was almost an unknown.
He was soon to be known throughout
the world, however.

  In the fourteenth Britt went groggy
again. He forgot to box. He forgot

everything but the necessity of slaying
the tight-lipped man who was continu-
ally crowding up against him, of clos-
ing the terrible blue eyes that flamed
into his. He fought like a madman.
He fought himself out in a hopeless
rally.

  In the fifteenth Britt resumed his
boxing. He tried to stall, to rest, but
the inhuman fighting machine before
him would not let him rest. Jimmy
would throw all his weight back of a
punch. It would land squarely on the
Dane’s chin, but the head, coming for-
ward in advance of the body, met the
blow rigidly. It never snapped back.
Nothing Britt could do seemed capable
of snapping it back.

  So, through the next three rounds.
His friends gave up hope. His father,
standing in that crowded arena, like a
mourner at a funeral, had long since re-
signed himself to the inevitable.

  In the eighteenth came the high
climax of that bitter fight. Nelson, fol-
lowing the one plan he knew, waded
into the showering blows—the blows
that had weakened and softened with
the passing of the rounds. The body!
The body! That was the target. That
was always the place to hit.

  A couple of lefts to the stomach
brought Britt’s head forwaru. As it
came in Nelson showered clubby rights
and lefts to the jaw. Another left to
the body, a right to the jaw—the body
again—

  Jimmy sank to the floor, and rolled
over. His tongue protruded. He
grasped the ropes, and tried to rise, but
there was no more strength left in his
arms and legs. Nelson, a smile on his
battered face, looked down at him.

  He did not hear the gloating roar
from the fifteen thousand in the Colma
arena. They hailed him—Battling Nel-
son. Cushions from the hard seats
rained through the air. The ring filled
with jubilant men, who swept him up
on their shoulders. Nelson hardly
seemed to notice it.

  He had a strange sort of concentra-
The Durable Dane

43

tion. Though not much more than a
boy in years—he was twenty-five—he
had been fighting his way toward this
moment for ten of them. Ten years is
a long time, when they are filled with
hard knocks. Nelson had always faced
hard knocks in the same manner that he
had faced the flying fists of Jimmy
Britt.

  It was the biggest moment of his life,
bigger even than that happy day he fin-
ished the Old Master, Joe Gans. The
Battler had a high contempt for Britt,
the boxer rather than the fighter. It
brought him the keenest personal joy to
win.

FOR fighting was Nelson’s trade, and
there was never another just like
him. The greatest lightweight the ring
ever saw was this little man, with his
straw-colored hair, and the strangest
blue eyes in all the world. He was slim
and not very rugged in appearance, with
the biceps of a dry goods clerk who
had taken up physical culture.

  Yet Battling Nelson was the rough-
est, toughest old wolf of them all. He
wasn’t pretty to watch. For all his
slimness he was awkward as a great
Dane puppy. He wasn’t clever or par-
ticularly fast.

  He tore in, whaling away with both
hands. Smashes to the head and body.
Here, there, everywhere. Nelson had
no defense. He pushed in against the
punches. Hooked and swung so fast
and often that only a small proportion
of his blows were necessary to wear the
other fellow down.

  His left arm had been injured, so
he couldn’t bend the elbow for block-
ing. So he would keep turning his
head, to stop the blows with his neck
and ears. It turned those ears into
grotesque deformities, but while he was
in the ring he didn’t mind that.

  The Battler was rough. He always
came into action with a two- or three-
day growth of whiskers on his jowls—
a trick that Jack Dempsey emulated
years later. In the clinches he would

  scrape those bristly whiskers against
his opponent’s neck and chest, time after
time, in every clinch. After a bit, blood
would seep through the scratched skin.
His dry, wiry hair would get in the
other fellow’s eyes. And all the time
he would be hammering away with both
hands.

  Rough. Tough. Never stopping.
No one could hiyt him, no matter how
they cut and slashed his face and body
into shreds. And his eyes!

  Jimmy Britt said of them—and
Jimmy should know, having fought
Nelson four times—“They were un-
canny, expressionless. They looked
through you instead of at you. They
were so expressionless that they might
have been the eyes of a dead man. An-
other thing: They never blinked. When
you stab a left into a fellow’s nose or
cross a right to his chin he can’t help
blinking. Nelson never did. No mat-
ter how fast the punches were coming
his eyes were wide open and staring.
It began to get you after a while. You
began to believe that the guy wasn’t
human. Say, for days after a fight
with Nelson I couldn’t see anything but
his eyes.”

  It’s a lot to say of any man that he
is the best that ever came along at his
particular game. There was not a
lightweight champion in the whole pack
who didn’t know more about boxing
than Battling Nelson. There probably
wasn’t one who could not make a fool
of him in six rounds, outpoint him in
ten, have none the worse of it in fifteen.

  But, if you tossed any of them into
the ring with the Durable Dane in a
fight to a finish, one man would be car-
ried out and one would walk—and the
walker would be Battling Nelson.

Kid Lavigne was just as game as
Nelson, a harder hitter and faster on
his feet. He was a rugged soul, too.
Joe Walcott fairly murdered him in the
early rounds of their historic fight at
Maspeth. Lavigne’s left ear was hang-
ing by a shred. He was scarcely recog-
nizable, but he fought a stern, uphill
44

Fight Stories

battle and beat the Barbadoes Demon.
That indicated plenty of ability to take
punishment, but the Saginaw Kid didn’t
fight nearly as much as Nelson, nor did
he last as long.

  Frank Erne would have given him a
good fight, but the Battler would have
worn him down. Joe Gans was not
far from his best when he traveled
those forty-two hot rounds in the Ne-
vada desert, yet he was on the floor at
the finish—knocked out >f a man ever
was, even though the referee did give
him the decision on a foul.

  Wolgast was of the same type as Nel-
son and JLavigne, but he crumbled fast
once the break came. Great ringman
though Benny Leonard was, it isn’t
likely that he could have licked the
Battler where harder hitters failed, and
certainly he was not cut out for the
finish fights that were once popular.

  As for Goodrich, Kansas and Man-
dell, we can dismiss them as we have
the others. They were not built to
travel the “derby route.”

  Nelson was as honest as the day.
There was never the faintest hint of
suspicion against him in the years he
waged wars in rings from New York
to 'Frisco. Before the first fight with
Gans at Goldfield a gambler offered him
a large sum to quit. If he would ‘‘lay
down” he would be independent for life.

  Nelson rose up in the wildest wrath
and kicked that gambler down the steps.
He had no education in the accepted
sense of the term, but possessed sound
native intelligence. He owned a mining
company, ran a town, and wrote a book
in addition to winning the lightweight
championship of the world, a record
that many a more pretentious man
might envy.

  Yes, Battling Nelson was a diamond
in the rough—the roughest on record.

  This two-fisted slugger was, and is
—you get in the habit of past tensing
a fighter when he has been out of the
racket very long—a generous fellow.
When the San Francisco earthquake
came along he sent a check for $1,000

  to the relief fund, which was a lot
more than some professional philan-
thropists did. He once traveled clear
across the continent to box in a bene-
fit for the newsboys of New York.

  No one ever won a fistic champion-
ship without passing through a lot of
bitter travail, hard work and disappoint-
ment. Nelson came from nowhere to
the pinnacle of athletic fame. Twenty
years ago he was known as the richest
fighter on record. Though his quarter
of a million would not be so highly
rated now, it represented a greater
achievement to get it together than it
was for Gene Tunney to earn his mil-
lion in these days of high finance.

  It isn’t my job to paint Bat Nelson
as an angel, He was anything but that.
He didn’t drink or smoke, but no man
who has gone on the road as a kid,
fought his way along as a meat-cutter,
waiter, prize-fighter and what-not can be
a little Lord Fauntleroy. But he was
game and honest, and never whimpered.
If he was an egoist he was also a doer.

  And he was the greatest fighting
lightweight champion we ever had.

  It seems to me that there can be no
dispute on this point. He fought ihe
longest championship fights in modern
history. He beat the greatest men of
his time—Gans, McGovern, Britt, Cor-
bett, Herrera, Canole, Hanlon. He
took more punishment than any other
champion who ever lived, and yet his
unbelievable ruggedness carried him
through twenty years of competition.

  He was one of the most picturesque
of all champions; a man who never
backed up, who never believed any chap
of his weight could whip him. Jack
London called him “the abysmal brute.”
By this he meant that Battling Nelson
was soaked with that basic thing that
is the very center of life—movement.
No matter what comes, the abysmal
brute will move.

  No one who saw Nelson in his last
great effort against Wolgast can doubt
that London was right. Blinded, beaten
to a pulp, hopeless, almost helpless,
The Durable Dane

45

Nelson, following the one plan he knew, waded into the showering blows—the
blows that had weakened with the passing of the rounds.

 he continued to move against his foe.
 The Durable Dane!

 The man who coined that nickname
 knew what he was talking about.

 There’s a line of Kipling’s that runs
 through my mind—a line describing
 Bendigo, a champion of England back
 in the bare-knuckle days:

 Bendy’s short for Bendigo, you
    should see him peel,

 Half of him was whalebone and
    half of him was steel.

 Steel and whalebone. That was

Battling Nelson. Rough and tough.
Ruthless and burning with ambition.

The greatest fighting lightweight
champion we’ve ever had!

CHAPTER II
One Dollar to the Winner

THAT Oscar Matthew Battling Nel-
son was born in Copenhagen, Den-
mark, on June 5, 1882, may or may not
46

Fight Stories

have had something to do with starting
him on a fighting career. That his fam-
ily took him to Illinois when he was
only a year old and eventually settled in
Hegewisch certainly had much to do
with it.

  Hegewisch was a fighting town.
Meat packing and ice-cutting were the
principal industries, and that sort of
work makes for strong muscles. When
you get a lot of husky youngsters to-
gether there is bound to be fighting.

  Bat quit the Henry Clay public school
when he was thirteen to drive the horses
used for hauling ice. He was paid
ninety cents a week, which looked like
a small fortune to him. His employer,
John Daline, recognizing the kid’s en-
ergy and trustworthiness, increased his
wage until he was getting one dollar a
day by the time he quit to enter the em-
ploy of the G. H. Hammond Company.
For this employer Nelson became suc-
cessively driver, cutter, timekeeper and
assistant foreman.

  The Scandinavians are a conscien-
tious, hard-working breed. Bat never
looked for any the best of it, and the
hard work in the outdoors helped mould
him into a much stronger youngster
than his slim build indicated.

  It was in September, 1896 that
Wallace’s circus made a one-day stand
at Hammond, which is just around the
corner from Hegewisch, in a manner of
speaking. Practically every boy in
Hegewisch walked to Hammond to see
that show. Because of the hot weather
the meat-cutters—of which brigade
young Nelson was one—were working
only three days a week. So Bat hied
himself over with the gang, marched in
the street parade with a banner, and
afterward carried water for the ele-
phants. For this each youngster was
rewarded with passes to the show.

  Wallace’s circus was no dazzling af-
fair, or wouldn’t have been to metro-
politan eyes. The costumes were shabby
and the elephants wore a moth-eaten
look, but to Battling Nelson’s eager
gaze it was a carnival of grandeur. Yet

an even bigger attraction than the circus
itself was a supposedly world renowned
pugilist, who was traveling with the
show.

  No one knew who this fellow was,
but the circus billed him as “Wallace’s
Unknown.” He was a tough-looking
chap, compactly built and as hard as
Kid Broad. I guess he was the first
real prize-fighter Nelson had ever seen.
At any rate, the boy was thrilled to his
bones at the thought of watching him in
action. Though only fourteen years
old, Bat was the cock o’ the walk in his
home town, and already thoughts of a
ring career were flickering and buzzing
around in his head.

  In these days they talk a lot about
Gene Tunney’s supreme confidence.
The present heavyweight champion of
the world is sure of himself, but he was
never as complete an egoist as Battling
Nelson, even when that young man was
at the immature age of fourteen:

  Quite casually he offered to fight the
great unknown for the dollar given any
one who lasted three rounds. Imagine
the supreme gall of the youngster. So
far as Nelson knew, this fellow might
have been a world’s champion, amusing
himself by a tour incognitio. His ex-
perience was limited and he didn’t know
that world’s champions are the last peo-
ple in the world to do such a thing. His
ignorance made the exploit doubly
daring.

  Wearing a frayed red sweater and
rubber-soled shoes, little Bat walked out
into the sawdust arena to face the
“killer.” The tent was packed, and to
the accompaniment of roaring lions, a
band that struggled through “Down
Went McGinty,” and the yelps of the
crowd, the greatest lightweight of them
all made his fighting start.

  Of course, the Unknown was not
afraid of this youngster. He rushed,
grimacing fiercely, intent on getting the
job over and done with. Nelson met
that rush squarely, his left hand held
out in the approved manner. Back
went the Unknown’s head, his nose
The Durable Dane

47

streaming blood. Nelson was on top
of him instantly, with a cracking right
under the heart that had the profes-
sional gasping and floundering. He was
game, though, and came back, but Bat
again jabbed with his left, and coun-
tered with a right to the stomach. Down
went the Unknown, completely out.

  Old Man Wallace paid over the
promised dollar, but there wras little
profit in that. WThile Bat was making
his first step toward the championship
of the world one of the circus hands
stole his coat, which contained his
week’s salary of $5.40 and a Water-
bury watch.

THE circus owner wanted Bat to
play the role of the “Great Un-
known” for the balance of the tour. He
even offered fifty dollars a week and
expenses—an unparalleled offer for a
fourteen-year-old in the fading days of
the nineteenth century—-but old Nels
Nelson wouldn’t listen to it. His boy
was too young for such foolishness. He
must stay at home.

  Well, that was all right with Bat. He
was having a good time in Hegewisch
and the call of the road had not yet
taken hold of him.

  His victor^' over Wallace’s prize-
fighter started a great interest in box-
ing around his neighborhood. The
White House Club, an athletic organi-
zation, was started, with Nelson as the
prize boxer.

  The population of the town was about
equally divided between Danes and
Swedes. There never has been much
love lost between these peoples, and the
latter rallied around a rough young
fellow named Ole Olson to counteract
the ballyhoo the Danes were making
over Nelson.

  So a match was made for a purse of
three dollars, and one Sunday afternoon
the entire male population of Hegewisch
turned out to see the fight. Olson had
height, weight and reach on his rival,
which about balanced the reputation
Nelson had made by knocking out the

unknown. Pay envelopes were rifled
for betting money, and the excitement
was so great that men were taking pot-
shots at each other all over town.

  Olson knew no more about the sci-
ence of boxing than Nelson did. He
tore in, and Bat met him flat-footed.
For two rounds Ole swarmed all over
the kid. They battered away at each
other like a couple of wild men. But
in the third Nelson beat the Swede
down with a flurry of short arm
punches to the body.

  That precipitated* a riot. The spec-
tators, nervously excited about the fight
and keyed to a higher pitch by the short
and desperate struggle, began a battle
royal among themselves. Nelson went
into the forefront of that, and led the
Danes to victor}- over the Swedes.

  Rough and tough. Tireless. A boy
who really loved to fight!

  There was too much fight talk around
the Nelson household. Those hard-
working and conscientious folk had no
time for the ring. They saw' no glory
or money or advancement of any sort
in it for their son. They thought he
would get hurt.

  Bat kept on talking, though. His
two victories had brought him only four
dollars, but money wasn’t everything.
By this time he was working as a black-
smith's helper in one of the Hegewisch
shops, and the stir of adventure was
whipping up his blood. You can’t ex-
plain that sort of thing to your mother
—not so she’ll understand, anyway.

  One day a fly-- g iron fragment from
a broken machine struck Bat in the face,
laying it open. He was taken more
dead than alive to the Mercy Hospital,
where he lay unconscious for forty-
eight hours. He came out a couple of
weeks later, through with that sort of
work. Fie wanted to fight.

  Wrhen Mrs. Nelson protested he said,
“Aw, ma! Look at the risks I ran in the
shop. Boxing can’t be as dangerous as
that.”

  Somehow or other the argument
didn’t convince her, and a few days
48

Fight Stories

after his fifteenth birthday Battling
Nelson ran away from home.

  He beat his way by slow stages to
Huron, South Dakota. Most of the
romance had gone out of the road for
him by that time. There was no fight-
ing to do in that part of the country,
except the street corner kind that al-
ways crops up when hot-blooded youth
gets together.

  So Bat went to work as a helper in
a butcher shop at fifteen dollars a
month. That was his occupation until
Christmas, when, his demand for five
dollars a month more being refused, he
tossed up the job and went to work as a
cowboy on a nearby ranch.

  The war with Spain came down like
a thunderclap on the country. Every-
one was in a fervor of patriotic excite-
ment. A volunteer company was formed
in Huron. They weren’t finicky about
a person’s age, so Bat Nelson slipped in,
and became a soldier overnight. The
warriors traveled down to Sioux Falls,
where, for some reason or other, the
captain was rejected, and his men, who
had agreed to follow him to the finish,
returned home with him.

  That visit to Sioux Falls gave Nel-
son an idea. There was a boxing club
there, and Bat had by no means decided
to give up the game. He finished up
the winter months as a waiter in the
Vanderbilt Hotel in Miller, but when
spring began to tint the world with
green he went to Sioux Falls.

  At that time a shifty, raw-boned,
long-armed fellow named Freddy Green
was the particular pet and idol of the
fans. He was called “the champion of
the Dakotas.” Nelson had never heard
of him until he wandered into the Falls.
It wouldn’t have made any difference if
he had. The idea never entered his
shaggy head that he need be afraid of
any one. His blue eyes would not have
wavered had he been tossed in with Kid
Lavigne, then lightweight champion of
the world.

  The manager of the club was glad to
match Bat with Freddy Green, since

there were not so many fighters around
who wanted to risk themselves with that
young man.

  “All right, kid,” he said, “I’ll take a
chance with you. If you make good I’ll
let you fight Soldier Williams next day
at our annual picnic.”

  No more ragged red sweaters and
baggy trousers as a fighting costume for
Battling -Nelson. He bought himself
regulation ring shoes and a pair of green
trunks.

  Sixteen! In that short span of time
a boxer, cowboy, soldier, casual worker
—Yes, Nelson took life by the throat in
his tenderest years.

  Now, against the champion of the
Dakotas, he was to make his debut in a
real ring, in real fighting togs—quite
sure that he had taken the first step
toward the goal that beckoned him on
since he stood watching Wallace’s Un-
known writhe and squirm in the saw-
dust of the “big top.”

CHAPTER III
The Lure of the Game

GREEN was a boxer. He danced
around the awkward youngster,
poking him with a left jab, then slipping
away. It was all new stuff to Nelson.
The Unknown and Olson had rushed
at him as eagerly as he went at them.
This was a different sort of game.

  Bat kept chasing, and Freddy kept
sprinting and outboxing him. In the
fourth round the blood spurted from
Nelson’s nose under the continuous
thumping. It made him wild with rage,
for it was the first time such an indig-
nity had been visited upon him. But
only in the clinches could he do any
effective work. The rest of the time
he was missing too frequently.

  Then Nelson proved that he had ring
instinct as well as courage. He was
beginning to get a little weary. So he
laid back, and Green, under the im-
pression that the kid was all in, hast-
The Durable Dane

49

ened to the slaughter. He stopped box-
ing and started to trade punches. That
was where he made his mistake.

  The Dane met him with a volley of
body blows that struck Freddy with
panic and forced him to hang on. The
bell saved him further punishment.

  The seventh round saw the finish.
Green came out a pretty weak and tired
lad. He tried to back-pedal, but Nelson
was at him like a catamount, whanging
away with both hands.

  A left hook to the jaw finally turned
the trick, and the champion of the Da-
kotas went down for the long count.

  The manager collected $7.50 by pass-
ing the hat among the spectators, and
asked Bat if he was willing to fight
Soldier Williams at the picnic next day.
He offered to raise the ante to ten dol-
lars.

  In these days careful athletic com-
missions will not permit boxers to go
into the ring without several days rest,
and many a fighter thinks one bout a
month pretty strenuous campaigning.
Not this rough young fellow from
Hegewisch, Though stiff and a little
tired from the hard scrap of the night
before, Nelson rose early, and hied him-
self to the picnic grounds. His victory
over Green was a tonic that lifted him
to the heights.

  Williams knew no more about boxing
than Nelson did. He came out of his
corner, both hands swinging. The
Battler met him with a grin of pure
joy. That sort of stuff was right down
his alley. He doted on it.

  But Williams was strong as a bull
and much the more experienced man.
Up to the sixth round he had a bit the
better of it. He was weakening,
though. The pace was faster than he
was used to. On the other hand, Nel-
son had no tire in him and kept coming
faster and faster.

  In the seventh Bat landed a sharp
right to the stomach, then stepped back
to see if the Soldier would follow him.
Instead, the puffing warrior retreated.

  “Ah, ha,” said Nelson to himself,
  r.—Jone—«

“You’re a quitter, are you?” He came
rushing back once, with a whirl of
hooks, crosses and uppercuts to face and
body. Williams wilted under it, tried
to run, and was saved by the bell as
Green had been the night before.

  The respite was only temporary. The
eighth round was not a minute old be-
fore the referee counted him out, and
Battling Nelson had scored his fourth
straight knockout.

ABOUT that time the kid began to
get a bit homesick. He was only
sixteen, after all, and he wanted to see
his folks and chum around with the
boys. So he rode the freights back to
Hegewisch. where he was given the
time honored welcome of the prodigal
son.

  Even the earth-worn Nels Nelson
must have realized that his son was a
youngster with the sort of determina-
tion that brooked no stopping. Bat
wanted to be a fighter. Neither his
father’s anger nor his mother’s tears
could stop him. If they thought he
was following a dreary track to the rain-
bow’s end. the boy had a different idea.
So verbal opposition was dropped and
Nelson made a fistic reappearance be-
fore the home folks.

  He boxed a six-round draw with
Eddie Herman in Hegewisch. and the
draw decision was nothing in the way
of a break for him. Eddie, a smart
boxer, made a fool of Bat for the first
three rounds. After that the Dane bat-
tered him from pillar to post, and at
the finish Herman was a gory sight.
Had the bout been scheduled for ten
rounds Nelson would undoubtedly have
scored another knockout.

  So far he had given no thought to
the big cities. Confident as he was of
his own ability, he knew that outside
his own bailiwick and up in Dakota,
he was not a drawing card. But now
he turned those blue eyes of his on
Chicago.

  Hegewisch is one of the many small
towns that snuggle around the south-
50

Fight Stories

era outposts of that city. It isn’t so
much of a trip into the Loop, and at
the moment Nelson had no desire for
long and tiresome trips.

  Eddie Penny had been cleaning up
most of the second-rate lightweights in
Chicago. He didn’t feel any call to be
afraid of the tow-headed kid from
Hegewisch, and when a match was of-
fered he willingly agreed. They met on
the South Side and Bat’s victory was
quite as decisive as the first one over
Wallace’s Unknown.

  Nelson walked right into Penny, bat-
tered him with both hands and finished
him off in less than a round. In the
following month he stopped Bull Win-
ters in even a shorter time, and topped
off his Chicago debut by knocking out
a fellow named John Smith in the sec-
ond >

  These three victories netted him ex-
actly fifteen dollars, the method of pay-
ing a fighter at that time being to pass
the hat. Since all of Bat’s victims
were favorites of the crowd, the folks
assembled were not in a mood to give
him much reward.

  Nelson wasn't discouraged. Nothing
could discourage him. Though the re-
wards of the moment were meagre, in-
deed, he knew that ringmen did earn
large sums of money. If other men
had done that, he could, too, the boy
reasoned. He felt that destiny had
pointed him out.	^

  But for more than a year no fights
came his way. He stayed home and
worked, trained at the old White House
Club, and took one gorgeous hunting
trip in the Northwest. The outdoor life
and hard physical work and consistent
training were building him up. He was
only eighteen and had plenty of time
ahead of him.

THE year of 1900 marked the end
of Nelson's sporadic ring efforts.
He began to fight regularly. He started
on the first step of the ladder.

  He agreed to fight a negro named
Feathers Vernon at Dalton, Illinois.

Six rounds for ten dollars. It wasn’t
much of a fight, for Feathers ran and
ducked and clinched throughout. Bat
was given the decision. Just as the
president of the club was about to hand
him the ten dollars a fight started. The
money was knocked out of his hand.
Nelson managed to retrieve a dollar and
a half, but the bill was so badly tom
that he was not able to pass it.

  Though his financial reward for that
bout was only fifty cents, it was not en-
tirely a wasted day. In the free-for-all
Nelson went to work and whipped half
a dozen men for the sheer pleasure of
it.

  Then, glory of glories, the manager
of the Star Theater in Chicago offered
him fifteen dollars for a windup match
with Charley Dougherty! It was like
a gift of the gods. Nelson accepted
with avidity, and knocked Dougherty
out in a round.

  They brought him back for a bout
with Joe Hedmark.

  The fight with Hedmark was the first
bit of tragedy to come into Nelson’s
career. Afterward he said that Joe was
a combination of Terry McGovern and
Dal Hawkins. An exaggeration, cer-
tainly, but he must have seemed some-
thing like that to the inexperienced
country boy.

  At any rate Hedmark was strong,
fast, and a good puncher. He was tal-
ler, stronger, and had been in the game
much longer. Nelson fought harder
than he had done in any of his other
battles, but was doomed to defeat from
the start.

  As usual, Bat came out swinging, and
Hedmark let go a right uppercut with
every ounce of his strength behind it.
Down went Battling Nelson for the first
time in his life. It was a greater indig-
nity than the blood Freddy Green had
drawn from his nose. He came up,
clawing like a wildcat, mad clean
through.

  Nelson kept going forward all the
time, but he couldn’t reach his target,
and Joe pelted away with both hands at
The Durable Dane

51

his face and ribs. They finished the
last round fighting like madmen in the
center of the ring, but there was no
dissenting voice when the referee raised
Hedmark’s hand. He had won with
plenty to spare, and even Battling Nel-
son admitted it.

  In the matter of knockdowns it prob-
ably set a record. Hedmark dropped
the Dane seventeen times in six rounds,
and in turn was floored on five occa-
sions. Twenty-two visits to the canvas
in a six-round bout ought to be a rec-
ord, if it isn’t one.

  Nelson was paid fifteen dollars—or
about eightv-eight cents a knockdown.
You can hardly buy that sort of thing
today at any price.

  Just a week later Bat went on with
Harry Griffin in the same ring and
dropped his opponent thirteen times
without being able to put him away.
When you consider there were thirty-
five knockdowns in twelve rounds of
fighting it’s easy to understand w’hy
Nelson was becoming popular with the
Chicago crowds.

  His remaining fights in 1900 were
successful enough from an artistic but
not a financial standpoint. Young Bay,
one of the best lightweights in the
Middle West; Clarence Class, Ed Bur-
ley, Danny McMahon, Black Griffo and
Jack Martin caused him no particular
trouble. Pete Boyle, when on the verge
of being stopped, was awarded the fight
on a foul by Referee George Siler.

  The day he lost to Boyle, Nelson, for
the only time in his life, fought two
battles in one day. As soon as he had
been disqualified, he changed into his
street clothes, hopped a trolley car, and
went to the Hibernian Club, where he
fought four rounds with McMahon.

  For these fights Nelson was paid ten
dollars. That wasn’t cake and coffee
money even in those days.

  The Battler was beginning to find out
one thing. He wasn’t cut out for the
six-round game. He needed distance
in which his superb vitality would give
him a chance to come from behind. The

clever men could outbox him over the
short route. Even the frailer ones
would not tire much in six rounds.

  Fifteen rounds. Twenty. Finish
fights. That was the dream lurking in
his tousled head even then, but in his
section of the country six rounds w’as
the standard. Had it been the standard
everywhere Battling Nelson would never
have risen to fame. He would have
been just another strong, rough medi-
ocrity. They couldn’t possibly know
that in a finish fight he was the greatest
lightweight of them all.

CHAPTER IV
The Fight at Rheinlander

NOBODY knew that, of course.
The promoters knew it least of
all, apparently, for up to this time the
largest sum he had been paid for a fight
was thirty-five dollars. Then, quite un-
expectedly, Nelson went up into the
three-figure class.

  He fought a tough young Irishman
named Mickey Riley in Milwaukee for
a guarantee of thirty-five dollars.
Mickey was pretty smart and kept out
of reach for the six rounds. The ref-
eree gave him the decision, and it was
a most unpopular one. Following the
storm of hoots and boos came a rain of
silver and small bills. The Battler
netted $98.31, which was approximately
the value of the United States treasury,
in his eyes.

  Lurking in his simple heart was the
desire to be a Beau Brummel. After
the fight he togged himself out in a
seven-dollar suit, a derby and a new pair
of shoes, and trod the boulevards to
give the natives a treat

  You must understand that even so
rugged a soul as Battling Nelson could
not possibly have lived on his ring earn-
ings at that time, even with such occa-
sional windfalls. He was working for
the Hawley Down Draft Furnace Com-
pany on the North Side of Chicago,
52

Fight Stories

swinging a sledge for eight hours a day.
That was all the training he got. Gym-
nasiums and road work and balanced
diets were beyond his range. On the
afternoon of fight night he would get
off early for a bath and haircut, and was
ready to go any distance. When he
traveled to Milwaukee he took the whole
day off.

  His brother Johnny and Charley
Peterson used to come up from Hege-
wisch to second him, so there was no
money wasted on handlers. There
couldn’t be, for Bat made it a rule to
send half his purses to his mother.

  After the victories there was little
margin for celebration, either, except
for a meal at Flynn Brothers’ restaurant
on State Street. The Flynns were big-
hearted Irishmen, and they liked the
tow-headed kid from Hegewisch. If
he had money he could pay. If he didn’t
they “wrote it on the ice.”

  Early in May, 1901, Nelson went to
Omro, a little Wisconsin town, to fight
Harry Fails. It was only a six-round
no-decision affair, but it was so-bitterly
contested that the fans demanded an
encore.

  That was satisfactory to all parties
save the sheriff of the county. The
sheriff, himself, was not particularly op-
posed to a little setto, but he had been
given orders to stop it. If he didn’t, off
would come his official head. He also
informed the fighters that if they went
through with the bout he would per-
sonally see that they served a little time
in the penitentiary.

  That scared both the boys. They
were eager to fight, but didn’t want to
get in trouble over it. The fellows pro-
moting the affair decided that they could
all go over to Rheinlander, just across
the county line, and then the sheriff
could not interfere.

  All the horsedrawn vehicles in Omro
were hired, and they started out. In
the excitement no provision was made
to transport the fighters. All the rigs
were full. Nobody offered them a seat.
Some of the bigger-hearted bumpkins

said they could ride on the laps of the
passengers if they had a mind to. Both
Harry and Bat decided to walk. They
thought it would be good training.

  Suddenly it began to snow, hard. It
came down so thick and fast that they
could hardly see fifty feet ahead of
them. An icy wind was whipping down
from the North, and there was four or
five miles to go.

  Bat had never seen snow in May be-
fore. He had no overcoat, and the
seven-dollar suit was no great protec-
tion against the elements. By the time
the boys reached the barn where they
were to fight they were so stiff with the
cold that they could hardly move. The
barn itself was a pretty chilly place, no
spot for a man in nothing but trunks
and shoes to stand around.

  Every one of the spectators had a bet
down, and the gangling fellow who
owned the place was appointed referee.
The crowd howled through the ten
rounds. Bat and Harry were stirred
by the excitement, but more by their
rivalry and the need to keep warm.
They fought like a couple of bob-cats.
At the finish they were both strong and
fit.

  The referee raised both their right
hands, exclaiming, “Even up, boys—
hang fiddle if she wasn’t!”

  No purse had been arranged for.
Fighters in those days weren’t very
good business men, you know. But the
Wisconsin fans were sports, and real-
ized that they had been treated to a
great scrap. They began to toss money
into the ring, and the erstwhile enemies,
turning from blows to finance, began
scrambling over the floor to pick it up.
There were a lot of cracks, and some
of the coins rolled into them.

  The money had been too hard-earned
to let it escape so easily. They bor-
rowed a hammer and pinch-bar, and
pried up the boards, so that not a penny
would be missed. When it was all piled
up and divided they each had $150. It
was the biggest purse so far, and one
that Nelson was not to better for nearl/
The Durable Dane

53

two years. That’s how slow progress
was for the greatest lightweight of them
all.

BAT did practically no fighting again
until the fall of that year, when
he started campaigning in Milwaukee
again, first with the Italian, Joe Per-
cente, then with that cagy veteran, Ed-
die Santry. Santry, incidentally, later
became Bat's sparring partner, when the
Durable Dane rose high enough in fistic
ranks to have such luxuries.

  The fight was held at the Pyramid
Athletic Club, and Nelson battered the
veteran around from start to finish.
He took every round, and in the sixth
knocked Eddie down. As a matter of
fact Santry was on the floor when the
last bell sounded, and the referee had
to help him to his feet before lifting his
right glove in the sign of victory.

  Astounded, Bat rushed over and
grasped the official by the arm. “What’s
the idea?” he yelled. “I won. didn’t I?”
“Why, Nelson,” the referee said,
"Santry told me that everything was
fixed up; that he was to get the decision
whatever happened.”

  That was the Durable Dane’s first
meeting with anything shady in the
ring. All his fights were on the level.
No suggestions one way or another had
been made to him. lie later found that
there are plenty of pitfalls dug for un-

wary feet, that there are sharks in every
line of business. But it was a stagger-
ing jolt to him then.

  Nelson finished off the year’s cam-
paigning by knocking out a middle-
weight named Mike Walsh, and losing
a point decision to Charley Berry.
The last fight came just before
Christmas.

  The holiday spirit stirred him. Bat
was always sentimental about Christ-
mas. Even when he became champion
of the world he never failed, to get home
for the holidays or to hang up his stock-
ing so that his old mother could fill it
with presents.

  Well, here he was back home. There
were six years of sporadic fighting be-
hind him. He was twenty years old,
and getting a little battered. He had no
money to speak of, the fifty dollars he
carried in his pocket representing the
sum total of his wealth. He had no
trade. He seemed to be getting no-
where. In his heart Bat felt as sure of
success as ever, but so far there was no
outward signs of it.

  On Christmas morning Dad Nelson
called his boy into the little parlor, and
said, “Now, listen. Bat, I want that you
should stop dis fighting. Mother und
me ve talk it over. You had your
chance und make nothin’ of it. Now,
before you leaf home again you must
promise. No more fightin’!”

  That Christmas Day conversation almost deprived the ring of its greatest
lightweight champion. The next installment tells how an argument between
two men he didn’t even know kept Battling Nelson at his trade. It tells, /oo,
of his one-second knockout over Billy Rosser; of the one man Nelson
never could beat; of the rawest deal he ever got; of his discovery of the
left-half scissors' hook, and his debut on the “big time” against Canole,
Hanlon, Herrera, Corbett and Jimmy Britt.
 BATTLIN’ BEPPO

By T. W. FORD

Fighting was his middle name, but there was one thing wrong with Battling
Beppo. He couldn’t get mad. Then, one night, with the cards stacked

 against him—/

 Complete Fight Novelet

DEMPSEY was a pork-and-
beaner and Gene Tunney should
have been between a pair of
sandwich boards. Believe it or not. At
least, that was accordin’ to a certain
prize palooka I handled a few years
back. He went under the moniker of
Beppo an’ he had the chief attributes
of a heavyweight—the weight an’ the
dumbness. But, mister, it was a differ-
ent kind of dumbness. A big, deep,
dense kind. He was dumb enough to
think he was a world-beater—an’ too
dumb to see why he wasn’t. Say, mis-
ter, put me up against any ordinary
brand of that product, an’ you can give
odds 011 me. But this guy’s kind, it had
me beat from the opening gong.

  It was this way. Me, I’m Harry
Higgins, manager. You all heard of
me. Sure. Some wise folks call me
“Lighthead Harry” but I never see no
connection. My hair’s always been
black an’ I never thought of dyein’ it.
54

Yeah, maybe they’re jealous. Well, as
I was sayin’, right about this time I’m
handlin’ a stable of leather-pushers at
Clancy’s Gym—no near champs or any-
thing, but jus’ good, hard-workin’ boys
what was mcal-tickets at more’n one
Harlem fight club.

  Well, one mornin’ a couple of the
pugs was takin’ exercise on each other’s
mugs, when I glims a big, tow-headed
bozo takin’ in the show from the side
door. Now I wasn’t at the point where
I could rake in any of that easy graft
by chargin’ admission for the show my
boys put on in trainin’. So I pays no
more attention to the gent.

  I had lunch with Jakie McCoy that
day. I remember, because he wanted
me to throw a fight to his boy up at
the Half Moon A. C. that week. I
wouldn’t. He wasn’t offerin’ enough.
Anyway, when I gets back from
chow, the tow-head was still doin’
duty. I walks up to him, feelin’ pretty
Battlin’ Beppo

55

good with the cigar I grafted from
Jakie.

  “Lookin’ for a job, kid?” I asks.

  He shifts his carcass around gentle
an’ looks me over like I’m the janitor.
“No,” he comes back short. “No,
thanks. I’m a fighter.”

  Right away I spots him as one of
them big, blue-eyed, corn-fed babies
from somewhere in Indiana or water-
tanks west. “Oh,” I says, openin’ my
eyes wide an’ innocent. “A fighter.
Well—well! A fighter.” I takes a
draw on Jakie’s cigar. “Want to step
a few rounds?”

  “Yes,” says he an’ settles back against
the wall again to watch those sons of
Maul swap punches. “But not with
them undertaker’s dummies.”

  I looks him over with my professional
eye. One of them hard-cut, juttin’
heads like a gunboat cleavin’ the waves.
Nice pair of shoulders, sort of stooped
like they’d followed a plough. He
tapers right down to the hips, even in
them baggy clothes he was wearin’.
An’, though he was leanin’ against the
wall, he seems to stand light an’ poised
easy on his dogs. Well, he had the
ear-marks.

  I was all set to open up an’ get some
of the dope from him when I hears a
yell from across the gym an’ looks up.
Shocker Coffee, one of the cornin’
heavies I had, had jus’ kissed the can-
vas. Not out or anything, jus’ down
hard. The Shocker had fought a tough
go with the Savannah Tar Baby couple
of nights ago an’ he was still some shook
up. He waves to Iron Jaw McCabe—
he was sparrin’ with him—he’s had
enough an’ climbs through the ropes for
the showers.

  I throws a word the Shocker’s way
as he passes an’ turns back to find this
tow-head gent laughin’. He points at
the Shocker’s back, an’ I notices the
size of his mitts. Big an’ square.

  “Them kind of babies ought to be
peddlin’ shoelaces,” he cracks, laughin’
some more.

  Jus’ then Iron Jaw comes up. He

overhears the remark an’ looks this baby
up an’ down. Iron Jaw was as square
as they come and the Shocker’s buddy.
Every Saturday night he lays twenty
cold on the Shocker an’ never squawks
a groan when he shells out. Well, he
looks at this guy an’ speaks up.

  “That’s right, buddy, an’ you'll never
sell none here.”

  “What’s that?” the tow-head yells,
flushin’ in the neck.

  Iron Jaw squares around, shovin’ out
his under lip which not more’n twenty
ham-an’-eggers has thickened for him.
Iron Jaw always lasts the full route, so
you can figure that lip is pretty good.
“Say, don’t they speak English where
you hang your hat?” he inquires.

  “Mebbe,” the tow-head comes back.
An’ I notice he ain’t leanin’ against the
wall no more.

  “Well,” an’ Iron Jaw walks up close
to him, “I said get out!”

  The tow-head don’t get excited none.
Instead, he jus’ looks over the Iron Jaw
like he was something marked “$1.98—
Cheap” in one of them second-hand
clothes dens on Eighth Avenue. Then
he turns to me, smiling. It was
easy to see he ain’t mad, or even
sore.

  “Punch drunk, eh. Sends a lot of
’em nuts.”

  Ordinarily, Iron Jaw’s jus’ like any
other fighting man. He don't pick
scraps. When he fights, he wants to get
paid for it. But that one caught him
low. It was less than a month since he
buys some oil stock. An’ it turns out
that what was behind that stock was
good for drinking maybe, but not much
for lubricating. Right then some of the
boys had begun to remark as how Iron
Jaw had been stoppin’ a pile of punches
with his head. Iron Jaw has heard
some of them cracks. So this one don’t
help none at all.

  It was like walkin’ into a bull’s bou-
doir in red underwear. It's Iron Jaw’s
turn to get hot now. An’ he does. He
stalks back to the ring, proud an’ snar-
lin’ low through that hole where some
56

Fight Stories

teeth were missin’. Pie climbs through
the ropes, sheds his robe, an’ turns to
the tow head.

  “You want to step this way, mister,”
he bawls out, “an’ I’ll drink a few of
them punches of vours.”

  The kid grins at me an’ says: “Worse
than I thought.”

  Iron Jaw gets that one, too, right on
the button. He comes back for more
with the only wise-crack I ever heard
him pull.

  “Most hicks are green,” he sings out
at this guy. “You’re different. You
look yella to me.”

  Well, that’s enough to start a pretty
good war any place. The tow-head
grins some more at me, an’ then begins
strippin’ off his coat. “Ain’t had a
work-out today an’ I might jus’ as well,”
he explains.

  One of the boys digs him up a pair
of trunks an’ it ain’t long before he’s
in the ring with Iron Jaw. Now get
me right. Iron Jaw may be old. An’
he’s seen better days. But there’s more
sore hands come from tryin’ to crack
his jaw than from the rock pile at Sing
Sing. Also, despite the fact that he
sops up punishment like a thirsty
sponge, he carries a right-hand punch
that reminds the boys of Cain handlin’
Abel the works, when it lands.

WELL, they’re in there. This tow-
head bozo ain’t worried none,
an’ he don’t seem mad. Somebody
cracks the gong one, an’ they're at it.
Iron Jaw comes wadin’ in like a truck
horse with fallen arches, that round-
house right cocked for the fall of Rome.
The tow-head—an’ I didn’t make no
mistake about his build; it’s pretty—
starts prancin’ around, shootin' light
lefts at iron Jaw’s head. Might jus’
as well waste time tick'in’ a battleship
under a port hole. Iron Jaw unleashes
the right swing a couple of times. But
the kid steps away from it like it was
bad news. Jus’ once he fools Iron
Jaw an’ rolls under it, cornin’ up to poke
one in the bread basket that’d help 110

man’s indigestion. That was the first
round.

  Iron Jaw goes into the second mad-
der’n ever. An’ the tow-head ain’t sore
atall. Jus’ prances around grinnin’ an’
pokin’ a neat left into Iron Jaw’s eye.
I’m gettin’ a good line on the kid. I
sees he’s flashy, with plenty of speed
an’ good footwork. He back-pedals
like a champ an’ he counters plenty.
But they’re all light. What that bozo
needs is a punch. Every once in a
while he steps in an’ shoots one hard.
But he’s firin’ from long distance an’
when his glove lands, it’s at the end
of his reach. No sting in them kind.

  They clinch an’ I sees the tow-head’s
mouth movin’. I don’t know jus’ what
he says, but it was mean. For Iron
Jaw backs off mad. Like the time the
ump gave him a raw decision up in
Yonkers an* they called out the dicks.

. . . He plows in, primed for man-
slaughter, an’ nails the kid in a corner.

  Right then’s where I learn this kid
can take it. Iron Jaw hits him with
everything in the book, takin’ turns at
his head an’ his tummy. But instead
of pullin’ his chin into his shoulder an’
coverin’ up hard, the tow-head tries to
box. He picks some of them off in the
air an’ blocks a few more. But Iron
Jaw’s landin’ hard an’ plenty an’ there
ain’t no room to back pedal. Easy to
see the kid hasn’t done much fightin’.

  I was thinkin’ of stoppin’ the
slaughter before the kid goes down
when 1 notices it’s Iron Jaw who’s
breathin’ hard an’ wobblin’. He’s hit
the kid so many times he’s groggy
from throwin’ punches. He breaks
ground to the middle of the ring an’
the tow-head comes out. Does he tear
in an’ put the K. O. on the founderin’
Iron Jaw ? Does he rush him around
an’ hand him the works before he gets
set again?" Oh, no. This baby’s a
boxer an’ out to show the world he is.
The big dumb-bell stands there sparrin’
with a occasional light left to the head.
Then I glims that sick grin on his face
again—an’ he makes me mad. Conceit’s
Battlin’ Beppo

5 7

written all over him. This mangy, cor-
respondence-school shadow boxer!

  I was standin’ near the light switch
an’ right then I gives Iron Jaw the
high sign. He was so groggy I had to
flash it four times before he catches it.
He finally does an’ nods. Right away
he begins backin’ up again. I see him
cock the old right like a coffin nail an’
I presses the button.

  When the lights goes on again, the
boys was throwing water into the tow-
head’s mug an’ stickin’ the smellin’ salts
under his bugle. Iron Jaw had con-
nected perfect with that right swing in
the dark. The kid’s eyes finally rolls
back an' opens, light blue an’ inno-
cent.

  “Somebody turned off the lights,” he
croaks.

  “Oh, no,” I comes right back. “That
was the punch. Turned off your lights,
maybe. Ha—ha, that’s a good one
boys,” I laughs.

  Well, mister, that hick’s so dumb, he
falls for it. Jus’ sits there an’ rubs his
jaw. Iron Jaw’s wrorked all the sore-
ness outa his system an’ steps over to
me.

  “That baby ain’t bad,” he says.

  Coinin’ from Iron Jaw, that’s a lot.
Any baby he puts down is rotten, in his
opinion. I steps up to Mister Tow-
Head an’ tells the boys to quit drownin’
him.

  “Where you fought before, Kid?” I
asks him.

  Right then he puffs out his chest an1
straightens up. “Oh, I done a lot of
fightin’, he says important. “I fought
Knockout Hogan in Kankakee.
Knocked him out. Got a decision with
Young Johnson at Rice’s Corners. Took
Louie Solomon at Rochester in the pre-
lim. Got a draw with Jack Milligan at
Hammondston. Over at Cortlandt, I
licked Dynamite Lynch. Also Joe Cor-
res, an’ Sailor Cook an’—”

  1 cuts him off. Right away, I had
this bird’s number. He was a small-
town pug what had tipped over a few
nobodies in places you never heard of.

He thought he was good an’ classy.
Any sluggin’ bean-eater with a few
tricks could take him. But he didn’t
know it. Yet, he had a lot of speed,
seems like he was naturally shifty, an'
bad a pretty set-up.

  “Say,” I says, “my name’s Higgins.
You heard of me, probably. I handled
Porky Nelson, who was almost welter
champ back in ’15. If it hadn’t been
for the war—Now I know this game,
backwards an’ forwards. You ain’t
good—but you ain’t bad. Maybe—with
a little luck—I could make a fighter
outa you. What do y’ say?”

   “Well,” he says serious, “I been tryin’
to 9ee Mr. Rickard for the last few
days. I’d kinda like to talk to him—”
“Oh, Tex,” I cuts in. “Yeah, well I
guess I can get you to see him any
time. Me an’ Tex,” an’ I crosses my
fingers.

  I got him in the office an’ begin to
make out the contract. “Fifty-fifty,” I
says, “an’ what’s the name?”

  “Albon W'ittleton Beppo,” he says
proud-like.

  “The deuce it is,” I fires back.
“Battlin’ Beppo,” I writes.

  Well, he looks over the papers a bit,
holdin’ them right-side up, provin* he
could read. “All right,” he says slow,
“but there ain’t no mention made of
a championship bout. You know—
with Tunney—or Dempsey or some
one.”

  “Yeah, I know,” I 3avs.

       CHAPTER II
       Ten and Out

I’LL tell you right now, I wasn’t doin’
no weepin’ or gnashin’ of teeth for
signing Battlin’ Beppo into my stable.
No sir, mister. He had a pair of them
flat, straight legs like Dempsey’s. An’
when the Manassa Mauler was at the
top. he sure had a pretty pair of pins.
Then there was them wide, slopin’
shoulders with power behind ’em, an’
58

Fight Stories

the kid’s natural ability. Well, I was
feelin’ good for the next two weeks an’
even dreamin’ about how good I’d pho-
tograph standin’ next to the challenger
for the title.

  You see, it didn’t take me more’n a
day to find out the kid had no use for
booze. Seems his old man had hit it
pretty hard or something. . . As for the
dames, his only regret was he never had
a chance to get the original Eve—by
the throat. One look at them clean,
straight eyes an’ that open face would
show you he wasn’t lyin’.

  For almost a month, I works on him,
showin’ him how to put some pepper in
that jab, how to stand in an’ hammer
them punches so they connects with
steam. I takes him down off his toes
a bit. He was up so far, dancin’ around
on them, he never could get set for a
swat. For three days steady, I ties
his left to his side an’ makes him hit
with that right duke. He's beginnin’
to get the trick now.

  Footwork I couldn’t show him
nothin’ about. He could sidestep 'em
an’ back pedal an’ dance pretty. His
feet were fast an’ always set to get
away. An' he could pick off punches
in the air like a no-hit champ. In a
week he knew how to tie up a guy in
the clinches. Yeah, he learned fast an’
seemed to like it.

  Iron Jaw was workin’ with him every
day, regular. They’d gotten over their
grudge now an’ pals around like
brothers. Iron Jaw works him hard,
shows him how to gouge a man’s eye,
how to warm up the kidneys in a
clinch, how to stick an elbow in a fel-
la’s arm, an’ a pile of other helpful
tricks. An’ it was Iron Jaw who put
me wise to him.

  “Say,” Iron Taw says to me one day
as he was workin' in his false teeth,
“this guy won’t hook no more. He says
Dempsey hooked an’ look where it got
him.”

  “Yeah,” I ponders. “What’s he
wanta do?”

  “Jab an’ straight punch,” Iron Jaw

explains. “Says that beats a hook seven
days a week.”

  I corners Beppo a little later an’
asks him about it. “Now listen here,”
I tells him in a fatherly way, “you never
see no gents kissin’the rosin from jabs
or offa straight punches. They’re all
right in their way. Dempsey hooked an’
what was the matter with him?”

  “Oh, he was pretty good,” the kid
admits, serious. “Pretty good.”
“Yeah,” I leads him on.

  “But he was jus’ one of the blind
hitters. No science. No skill. Now
some day I’ll get up against a guy like
that an’ I’ll tie him up an’ run him dizzy
with sheer boxin’ superiority.”

  “Yeah,” I encourages.

  “Sure,” he runs on, “jus1 slip inside
them hooks or pick ’em off on the arms.
Easy. Now when I meet one of them
champs—”

JUST one month after I signed the
kid up, he was listed for a four-
round prelim at the Atlas Sporting Club.
I was plannin’ to send him up against
Fireman Jack Jones, a slow pork-and-
beaner not much better than a set-up,
when Jakie McCoy collars me one night.
Jakie had a kid on his string, jus’ a
slow palooka, so he says. So we paired
’em up.

  The kid was awful nervous in the
locker room but when the announcer
knocked him down to the crowd, he
warms up fast an’ gets enthusiastic.
They gave him a good hand an’ that
seems to put steam in him. I’ll admit
he looked pretty under them pale purple
lights with his short black trunks an’
that body cut like a clean wedge.

  Battlin’ Beppo against Babe Luke! I
take a shot at this Luke guy of Jakie’s
an’ smell a rat. If that so-called green
palooka ain’t seen the inside of a hun-
dred rings, I don’t know the difference
between a one-two to the body an’ a
bottle of liniment. Besides, Jakie’s
lookin’ too pleased over in his corner.

  W'ell, I don’t worry much. My boy
looks good, is good, an’ acts good. I
Battlin’ Beppo

59

shoot a few last words in his ear before
they give ’em the gong. “Box him the
first two. Then step in an’ catch him
cornin’. Don’t hurry an’ keep your chin
in. Take your time, if you go down.”

  “Sure,” he comes back. “I’ll jus’ play
with him.”

  Well, as I was sayin’, Battlin’ Beppo
looks great in the ring. That is, while
he was there. 'They meet in the center
an’ jus’ feel around for a minute. This
Luke guy’s a hard-lookin’ sinner an’ he
carries his right cocked low. His left’s
slow—too slow to be true. That’s how
I figure.

  Still, I ain’t sweatin’ none. My boy’s
prancin’ around easy, an’ stickin’ that
jab in plenty, with every once an’ a
while a hook. His big white shoulders
gleam an’ he’s carryin’ his blond head
confident. There’s an openin’ an’ he
digs a straight left to the tummy. The
old trick, though. He don’t get close
enough. There wasn’t enough on that
one to shake a rabbit.

  But this Luke baby drops his guard
an’ wraps his mitts around his groin,
below the belt. His head drops an’ he
groans something that sounds like
“foul.” Right then’s where Battlin’
Beppo lives up to his rep—or m?.ybe
lays the foundation stone for it.

  He drops his hands an’ sticks out his
head, dumblike. He half turns to me,
not knowing what to do. Any one
could see that Luke gent wasn’t hurt
none, any one but Mister Battlin’
Beppo. He turns back jus’ in time.

  Yeah, jus’ in time to stop a round-
house right that started from the floor.
A left comes off the shoelaces 5fter it
an’ the massacre is complete. Battlin’
Beppo hits the floor in a very peaceful
position. An’ Jakie McCoy trots
around to collect that friendly little
“ten” we lays on the bout.

  Down in the locker room, I tells Bep-
po all about it, from beginnin’ to finish.
He don’t do nothin’; he wasn’t even
mad.

  “Well,” he says when I finish the
story, “hard luck, but that wasn’t a im-

portant fight, anyway. An’ a champ
would never pull that stuff.”

  “Let ’em pull another like that on
you,” I snaps back, mad, “an’ you’ll
never get far enough to find what a
champ does do.”

IF risin’ above discouragement makes
a great scrapper, this Beppo gent
would ’a been John L. Sullivan, Jack
Johnson an’ Mister Dempsey rolled in
one. What I didn’t tell that kid durin’
the next week about how bum he was,
wasn’t worth mentionin’. I went on
the warpath bad. I had Iron Jaw work-
in’ on him an’ what he didn’t finish in
the mornin’ session, he completes in the
afternoon go. He showed every dirty
trick of the game to the kid by pullin’
it on him. An’ he unlimbered the heavy
artillery right more times than he ever
had in his life. Then I give the kid
a two-day layoff an’ match him with
Gashouse Gans.

  This Gashouse gent is the steppin’
stone for every pug in town. Pie ain’t
got nothin’ but a glass jaw an’ some
flashv-lookin’ stunts like bouncin’ off
the ropes. Well, Battlin’ Beppo takes
him, by decision, an’ the fans were
yellin’ for rain checks after it was over.
Every round but the sixth the kid had
him on the edge of a knockout an’
hangin’ on for life. But he don’t put
over the K. O. In the sixth Gashouse
is so surprised at still bein’ there, he
steps in an’ swings an’ almost hangs one
on the kid.

  If I wasn’t so soft-hearted, I’d ’a
dropped this Beppo gent right then an’
there, without ever givin’ him his car-
tare downtown. Still, if looks meant
anything, he had the makings of a good
fighter. I got him in a corner an’ asks
what was the matter.

  “Well, Higgins, it was this way,” he
says. “I could ’a dropped him—easy.
But I wanted to show the boys I could
go the route.”

  Mister, can you beat that one? Any-
way, gettin’ desperate, I signs him on
with one Joe Flynn, a tough, wild-
60

Fight Stories

swingin’ bird who always carries the
fight. I figures maybe a tough match
will rouse Beppo into doin’ something.
An’ I gets the kid primed for action an’
tells him to step it from the first bell.

  He does. Fine. Even surprises me.
He’s steppin’ in pretty an’ shootin’ them
punches across snappy. Iron Jaw’s
taught him a fast cross an’ he gets it
over twice in the first. The second’s
the same way. He bores right in,
feintin’ an openin’ an’ sockin’. He’s
lettin’ Flynn hit wild an’ steppin’ around
him. He goes out smilin’ for the third
an’ bowin’ to the crowd an’ starts
boxin’. I leap up an’ yell for him to
get out an’ fight. He does.

  Then Flynn closes his eyes an’ shoots
one. It catches the kid on the button
an’ I can see his knees sag. Still, I
wasn’t scared. He could clinch an’
hang on till he's out of it. Does he?
No! That brainless, one-track-minded
palooka keeps on walkin’ in an’ hittin’.

  The rest don’t need to be told. Flynn
sees he’s groggy an’ his punches weak.
He leaves himself wide open, uncoils a
haymaker from his heel. Well, after
the ref finishes countin’ up to ten, an’
I’m holdin’ the smellin’ salts under this
kid’s nose an’ thinkin’ what a waste of
time it is, he opens his eyes an’ starts
to explain.

  “—an’ you told me to carry it to
him,” he ends up.

  “Yeah, an’ I ought to tell you to jump
off Brooklyn Bridge. Listen. What
do you think a guy like Tunney would
do in there? Cover up, you half-wit,
cover up! Plenty.”

  “Oh, Tunney,” he yawns, gettin’ into
his bathrobe. “Well, now, Higgins, he
ain’t so good. He—”

CHAPTER III
Easy Mark!

I DON’T know whether I got a soft
spot some place in my head or
maybe I’m jus’ plain stubborn an’ hate

to leave go of anything. Anyway, I
kept Battlin’ Beppo on. An’ in the
gym, he looked like a champ. Speed,
punch, an’ confidence. Yeah, confi-
dence. He always had an alibi. He
was too dumb to know it.

  One day he comes up to me readin’
the account of last night’s bout at the
Garden. “Look here, Higgins,” he
chirps up. “Them two babies last night
pulls down one quarter of the gate re-
ceipts apiece. An’ it was a hundred-
thousand-dollar house. Twenty-five
thousand smackers! Gee!”

  “Yeah,” I counters, “an’ what does
that mean to you?”

  “Oh,” he says, “some day I’ll be
pullin’ a good house down there.”

  Well, I puts him against Lefty Lo-
gardo up at the Weston A. C., headin’
the bill. He takes the decision with a
knockout starin’ him in the face. I
throws tough old Gene Parker in the
ring with him over in Newark. Battlin’
Beppo turns in a first round that’d done
credit to the Manassa Mauler-himself.
In the second, he catches Gene in his
own corner an’ shoots three hard lefts
to the head with a right cross. He
steps back against the ropes to shoot
the K. O. an’ Parker hunches over an’
beckons to him with his glove.

  "Come out an’ fight,” he squawks,
an’ has the kid fooled for the rest of
the fight.

  Beppo meets Georgia Lush an' Tom
Dominick an’ One—Round Hooker in
short order. An’ it’s the same story,
gents. He's got these boys licked an’
he never come out with better than a
decision. Some bonehead play every
time. I was ready to throw up my
hands.

  If the kid wasn’t such a likeable
fella, I don’t think I’d a kept him on.
Easy goin’ an’ good-natured, you
couldn't help warmin’ up to him. He
tried hard, too. Wasn't a man in my
string that took his work as seriously.
An’ he never breaks trainin’. But it got
so, that every time I sees that tow head
under the lights, an’ the crowd yellin’
Battlin’ Beppo

61

I prepares for the worst. That boy was
bad news from the first gong—for me.

  Right about when I was gettin’ total-
ly discouraged, Jimmy Doheny comes
down from Chi to eliminate the only
other real challenger for the heavy title
in the field. I handled Jimmy when he
fought in the welter division, an’ he
always comes over to Clancy’s to see me
when he’s in town. Well, he drops in
an’ 1 ask him to cock an eye on this
Battlin’ Beppo. The kid’s workin’ out
with the Shocker.

  Doheny watches him for about five
minutes, an’ don’t say nothin’. Then
he turns around to me, serious.
“Harry,” he tells me, “If I’m ever
champ, I’ll make no bones about it. I
dodge that baby. He’s got the goods
from the heels up. Where you been
hidin' him.”

  “I ain’t,” I avers. Then I tells him
the sad tale.

  “Well, Lighthead,” he breaks in,
“there’s only so many dumb ones he
can pull. He looks like a sure money
nag to me.”

  Mister, that puts some hope back in
my system. I keep on workin’ with
the kid an’ prayin’. Then a piece of
luck drops like a bombshell into the
camp. Big Les Brown, Pacific Coast
heavy, is in town an’ lookin' for action
before he takes on the latest South
American hope. None of the boys
wants to step it with him because this
Brown mauler’s got a rep for damagin’
a gent. I runs right down to his man-
ager an’ dickers till I get a bout for
Battlin’ Beppo.

  After what Jimmy Doheny tells me,
I know I’m right. The kid’s got the
goods, if he can only bring ’em out.
For two weeks I works on gettin’ Beppo
fightin’ mad. I cook up a couple of rough
stories about what this Les Brown
thinks of the kid. But it don't do no
good. He jus’ smiles that slow grin.

THE night of the fight comes.

1 got the kid all primed up on
what this fight means. Maybe a shot

among the real heavies. Maybe a
chance at the title. Anything to make
him fight. Jus’ before we start for the
ring, I have a note sent in supposed to
be from Les Brown. That note ain’t
very sweet. Beppo reads it, an’ looks
up sort of puzzled. I called him about
everything in the book in a few lines
in that note.

  “Maybe,” he chuckles, “this fella’s
tryin’ to scare me.” But he wasn’t even
sore.

  I was lookin’ for the worst, after that.
But the kid opens my eyes for four of
the fastest, toughest rounds I ever hope
to see. Big Les Brown was out to get
it over with as quick as possible. He
was big an’ fast an’ crafty. He shot
over a couple of swings in the first min-
ute with “finish” written all over ’em.
Did they bother Beppo? Not one bit.
He’s fightin’.

  Mister, I almost lost my tonsils them
first four rounds. The kid had every-
thing an’ he was usin’ it. Even the
newspaper men were hurrahin’ an’
scribblin’ oft copy fast. He was step-
pin’ it like a champ. The kid carried
the battle right through the first. I fig-
ured he was all shot, but it was Brown
what was gaspin’ after it was over.

  The second canto was Battlin’ Beppo’s
easy. He chopped Brown back an’
forth, an’ laced his body till it was pink.
If he’d only got fightin’ mad in there,
he could have finished it right then an’
there. But all the time, while he was
fightin’ good, he seems to lack that little
spark. You know—the thing that sent
Ruby Fitz in with that double shift, the
thing Jim Jeffries used to pull outa the
bag to drop his man, the thing Dempsey
used to uncork in the famous fourth.

  The third was great. Beppo had the
boy from the Coast lookin’ like a big
sandbag an’ breakin’ ground till he was
dizzy. The kid shot in a barrage of
jabs and hooks that would ’a run a
champ ragged. Then, Les Brown takes
a grip an’ slides under a hook, a short,
hard jolt to Beppo’s midriff. He for-
gets all about the hook from then on*
62

Fight Stories

Even at that, he’s crossin’ Brown with
pretty rights an' stickin’ that snaky left
in his eye. Brown’s viewin’ the world
from one side an’ his torso looks like
it’s been painted red.

  Before the fourth, I tells the kid to
uncork the hooks again. He looks
around at me, shakin' his head.

  “Naw, Higgins, you’re all wrong.
They’re no good. Jus’ because that pa-
looka Dempsey had some luck with ’em.
That pork-an’-beaner—” An’ the gong
rings.

  I didn’t get over that crack until the
Kid wades in an' rattles two rights over
Brown’s heart. The house is screamin’
for a knockout as they tie up in a clinch.
They clinch again—an’ again. I’m
howlin' to the Kid to stand free
an’ hit. They lock again an' the Kid
don’t seem in any great hurry to
break.

  Well, the story comes out after it's
over. It was this way. so Beppo tells
me, In them clinches, Brown hands
him a sweet sob story. His little wife
is down at the ringside. He don't want
her to see him knocked out. Jus’ hold
oft till this round is over. Then he’ll
have her sent out. Do T need to tell
you that big hick fell for it?

  The way he began pullin’ his punches
was a crime. He don’t rush Brown
hard now an’ he has him twice on the
ropes an’ let’s him away. I’m tearin’
my hair an’ wonderin’ what’s wrong.
Ten seconds to go. 1 see Brown’s glove
come up an’ wave to some one down at
the ringside.

  His wife, the Kid figured. He stole
jus’ a glance. Brown was set. He took
jus’ one shot, with that dynamite left.
Curtains! Battlin’ Beppo never saw
Mister Brown’s wife, an’ Les was grin-
nin’ in the center of the ring with his
hand up when the kid wakes.

  “Yeah, he fooled me,’’ the Kid ad-
mits after the battle, with that slow
grin. "But Tunney won’t.”

  “No.” I groans.

  "No,” he assents. ‘‘That ham I
mixed it with tonight ain’t any good.

He pulled a nifty. Now them guys at
the top ain’t much better—”

      CHAPTER IV
      The Frame-up

THEY say a rollin’ stone gathers no
moss. But I always figured that the
gent that wrote that nifty must ’a’ lived
in a country where grass didn't grow on
a hillside. Anyway, along about that
time, the pickings were gettin’ pretty
thin in the big burg. All the boys in my
stable had strutted their stuff in every
fight club around an’ they couldn’t draw
no more laughs from the fans.

  Iron Jaw was gettin’ so he jus’ stood
an’ swung. The Shocker was hittin
the cabarets hard an’ I figures maybe a
change of scene will help him. As for
Battlin’ Beppo, the fight boys had his
number. They didn’t want to see him
any more, if they had to pay. So I let
the other has-beens out an’ hit the road
with these three.

  First stop was Fhillv an’ we was
swingin’ west from there. The Kid
steps ten with Pete Dono an’ gets a draw
after havin’ the fight tied up in the fifth.
From then on, he elects to slug with this
baby hippo outweighin’ him forty
pounds. It didn’t do him no good. In
Buffalo he meets the local favorite an’
tries to jab his way to victory against a
guv who specialized in imitatin’ a
shadow. On the train out of Buffalo,
he explains this.

  "Sure, Higgins,” he broke out in the
smoker. ‘‘I can't help wantin’ to jab.
I got a good one. Pretty an’ fast, ain't
she? Jus’like a champion. Yeah, when
it comes to the jab, it's me an’ Tunney.M

  “Yeah,” I submits, lightin' a cigar.

  "He’d be good, if he was a little
faster,” the Kid admits.

  In a backwoods town called Carlton
in the sticks of Illinois. I tries a new
one. I figures if I could get the Kid
blind mad, he’d be too crazy to make
Battlin’ Beppo

63

any bonehead plays. For the last six
months, I been tryin’ to get him seein’
red, an’ it ain’t worked. He’s too good-
natured. But at Carlton, I digs up some
of the local applejack.

  I knew the Kid would raise a howl
about drinkin’, so I feed jus’ enough to
him before the bout, callin’ it “iron
tonic.” It hits him plenty, an’ he’s even
rollin' a bad eye at me when we starts
for the ring.

  It works fine. He lays the other boy
out with a one-two an' looks around for
more worlds to conquer. His glazed
eyes light on the ref an’ he uncorks a
hook with ‘‘morgue” tagged all over it.
The ref forgets to duck an’ we leaves
that burg with our coat-tails stiff in the
wind.

  From then on it’s a losin’ game. I
work everything I can think of or ever
heard of on the Kid. Nothin’ takes.
He’s good-natured an’ he's dumb. An’
that’s enough. In Chi, I tell him to make
a runnin’ fight of it with Slug Herberts,
a South Side pug. The Kid backpedals
for eight innings, shootin’ a straight
right an’ hookin' heavy with his left.
He’s got the guy dizzy an' fought out
in the seventh. A couple of stiff kidney
punches sets the stage for the fade-out
in the eighth an’ Battlin’ Beppo still
breaks ground. I give up.

  In Detroit, I don’t sign him on with
anybody. He sits on the sidelines an’
tells me how the war should have been
run when it’s over.

  “Now if Iron Jaw had let that baby
carry the fight in the seventh he’d a’
had something left for the last,” he con-
fides in me, innocent-like. “The champs
all do that.”

  “Sure,” I says. “Iron Jaw’s won
more scraps than you lost.” I adds.

  “Oh, yes. But you’ll have to admit
that bozo’s never go’n’ to make a cham-
pion,” he comes back, blue eyes serious.

  “Lotta guys I know ain’t,” I guess.

  “That’s right,” he nods. “Now this
Slug Herberts I took on in Chi. That
fella was lousy. You could hit him witli
anything. He was wide open an’—”

  “Well,” I breaks in, “why didn’t you
hit him? He got the decision.”

  He shrugs his big shoulders. “Why
should I take a chance against that punk
pug? I got everything to lose an’ noth-
in’ to gain.”

  That had me stopped. We blew intot
St. Louis an’ met a load of hard-luck.
Rain an’ a bad house. Iron Jaw slips
under the ropes an’ breaks a leg. The
Shocker meets up with a couple of molls
he knew in New York an’ goes out on
one party he never comes back from.
There I was, Harry Higgins, the slick-
est fight manager in the game, with a
no-good, hit-an’-miss pug on my hands.

  Well, I signs Battlin’ Beppo on for a
fifteen-round slug-fest with some black-
smith down in a burg people forgot.
We blew in an’ the fight blew up. The
local peanut promotors got cold feet.
Me an’ the Battler climbed onto a train
an’ got run off two stations up the line
because we had no more tare. I’m get-
tin’ a little stiff in the limbs an' ain’t got
no desire to ride the rails. I takes a look
at the Kid an’ he’s grinnin’,

  “Why?” I asks.

  “Some day,” he chuckles, “I’ll get a
big kick outa rememberin’ this—when
I’m at the top of the pile.”

  Right then an’ there I could have
socked that bimbo. When I comes to
check back, it seems like all my hard
luck began when I signed on the Kid.
An’ he hasn’t helped any. Well, we
dogs it down the main street of this
joint an’ pull§ in at the local hotel. Our
baggage gets us in, but the dinin’ room
is separate an’ run on a cash basis. Looks
like we don't eat an’ I’m plannin’ work-
in’ the Battler out as a farm hand over
my last cigaret.

RIGHT then is where ol’ Lady Luck
takes a tumble an’ unbends. I’m
tryin’ to prolong the last drag as much
as I can when a smooth, quiet voice
right above me breaks in:

  “Got a match, Lighthead?”

  I looks up an’ it’s Spud Jordan. Spud
an’ me never has been what’s known as
Fight Stories

close friends, not since he ran that phony
on me over in Newark. But he looked
like Santa Gaus in person now. I jumps
up an’ gives him the glad hand.

  “What you doin' in this dump. Light-
head?” he inquires without excitement.
I tell him. “Got a fighter with you, eh ?”
he drawls. “That ain’t bad news. Bat-
tlin’ Beppo. That big boloney you had
at the Atlas Club? Well, he looked
good.”

  Spud eases himself into a chair an’
tilts his panama back on his head. Wrhen
Spud does that, there’s something in the
air. I waits.

  “I got a hunch.. Lighthead.” he begins.
“You know I’m handlin' Tiger Palmer
now, don’t you? A good boy, the Tiger,
a good boy. Some day, Lighthead.’' he
draws on, “you might sign up with a
boy like the Tiger, if you keep your
eyes closed long enough.”

  He chuckles a while over his humor,
which I don’t appreciate very much. If
Spud hadn’t V picked up one of my
has-beens an’ made a welter threat outa
him with a streak of luck, he’d still be
snipin’ bills for the Atlas Club today.
Well, he goes on. gettin’ confident now
as he moves closer.

  “Here’s the dope, Lighthead. The
Tiger’s up a tree. So’m I. It’s this way.”

  Jus’ at that moment, the Battler
ambles up. “Makin’ a bout, Higgins?”
he grins. “Put the bee on ’em for cash
in advance. An’ the champ ain’t too
good.” With that sweet one, he ambles
on. That bird really figured he’d be
champ some day.

  Spud laughs that one off an’ goes on.
“The Tiger's been chasm’ Reilly, the
Coast champ, all over the country for a
bout. We got a promoter in Chi who’s
ready to back the brawl. But the champ
won’t sign. The Tiger’s taken them all
out around Frisco. But he’s got to keep
fightin’ to keep the public hot. Now,
Lighthead, follow’ close. If I can get
one good fight with the earmarks of a
murder for the Tiger—which he wins,
of course—we’ll have the champ cor-
nered. Here’s the play.”

  He brings out a pair of cigars an’ we
lights up.

  “The Battler ain’t no good—but he's
flashy. I saw him one night when he
looked like a second edition of Jim Cor-
bett, himself. O. K. Now . . . We
swing him in with the Tiger for a bout
right in this dump. Give out the news
that it’s a grudge fight an’ then lay low
about the pedigree of your man. The
mystery stuff. The newsboys out here
don’t know the Battler from King Tut.
We’ll bake up a pedigree for him that'll
make John L. look like a flop. . . .
Fifteen rounds to a finish—by knock-
out. The Tiger. . . . Get that? . . .
They'll fall hard for it. The Tiger
forces the champ’s hand an’ you’re in a
thousand apiece. Like it?”

  Like it? Did I? I never even dick-
ered. I grabs Spud’s mit an’ lets by-
gones be bygones — after gettin’ five
hundred in advance. Then I rounds up
the Battler an’ steers him into the dinin’
room. As we stow away the chow, I
begins to give him the dope.

  “I got you a fight,” I opens up.

  “Good, Harry. Good.” He grins
that slow easy grin that reminds me how
hopeless he is. “One of these small
town palookas, eh?” I starts in to tell
him the rest, but he’s got more to say.
“Don’t worry, I trust you. You know.”
he gets confidential as his stomach
fills, “you done right by me, Harry.
Don’t think I don’t know it. An’
when I begin to crash the big money,
Harry, you’re goin’ to be right with
me.

  To tell the truth, that don’t give me
any vision of riches. “Now, big boy,”
I begin again, about this scrap, “I feel
I’m goin’ to have a hard time gettin’
him to sign for a fixed go, but I aim to
convince him. The guy you’re meetin*
is—”

  “That’s all right, Harry.” he assures
me. “Anything you say. I was readin*
the other day about Jack Dempsey an’
the faith he usta have in Kearns. Me,
I’m the same way about you.” an’ he
pulls that big grin again that makes me
Battlin1 Beppo

65

feel like a criminal. Sometimes it makes
me wonder how I could dislike a fella
like him, because he's one of the squarest
blokes I ever met. An’ easy to get along
with. If he only wasn’t a leather pusher.

  “Well, now,55 I begins again as we
reach the pie, “this fella Ti—”

  “An’ there’s one thing more, Harry,”
he breaks in again. “I ain't been doin’
so good all the time." That “all the
time" was a hot one. “But it’s been a
lot of hard luck. Things can’t always be
breakin’ against me. Some day I’ll be
in the top row.’’ That guy’s faith in
himself made my eyes water, sometimes.
“An' there’s another thing. When I’m
signin' for one of the big boys—
don't forget our share of the movie
rights. . .

  Well, mister, I almost caves in on
that one. This lowdown palooka worry-
in’ about the movie rights of a big bout.
Sort of like that Noah gent figurin’ on
gettin’ the trans-Atlantic trade. I order
another helpin’ of that pie, an’ jump off
again.

  “Battler, this cornin’ bout’s a funny
one. You’re mixin’ it with—”

  “Another thing, Harry,” he jabs, tak-
in’ the toothpick outa his mouth, “any-
thing you say goes with me. But when
we sign for the champ—or one of them
big bouts—make ’em come across. I
notice as how the champ usually takes
the big end. Well, I figure it takes two
to make a scrap.” His big, honest eyes
fix me. Two. An’ these gents like
Tunney an’ Dempsey got to have some
one to fight to make the coin. So when
we hitch in, call ’em for a fifty-fifty
break.”

  Cornin’ from any one else, I’d ’a’
laughed right out loud an’ saved my
sleeve. But this ham kid was so dumb,
he meant it. Yes. sir. Then, that tips
me off an' I closes up like a trap. Fifty-
fifty, eh? Supposin’ he knows he’s
ftghtin’ the Tiger. Fifty-fifty, eh? I
thinks fast. A cigar helps.

  “What do you know about the boy
were takin' on here, Harry?” he asks.

  I think faster. “Oh, jus’ a hick pug.”

 F.—5

I comes back snappy. “Name of Micky
Morris an’ not much.”

  He sighs. “Some day, of course, we’ll
be signin' with a gent like this here
Tiger Palmer an’ hit the big game,” he
says slowly.

  “Micky Morris this shot, kid.”

      CHAPTER V
      Under Cover

GENTS, I don’t claim I’ll ever die
of a attack of brainstorm. But I
sure pulls some fast thinkin' in that
dinin’-room. An I follows it up with a
pretty piece of back-pedaling. Next day
at sunrise. I jerks Battlin’ Beppo outa
town an’ rents a shack in the hills for
his trainin’ quarters. Then I drew a
comfortable breath.

  It’s this way. There’s the kid jus’
pullin' that fifty-fifty gag. Suppose he
should learn we’re takin’ on the Tiger.
Right away, he’ll be demandin’ fifty-
fifty an’ a clause in the contract callin’
for the winner to face the Coast champ.
We’re lucky to get this scrap, an' luckier
still to draw a thousand apiece. But I
never could ’a’ convinced that big inno-
cent dumb-bell of that. So I decides
he’ll never know who we're takin’ on.

  I goes into town to dig up a cook an’
to cock an eye at the mornin’ papers.
Spud sure had worked fast. The local
sheet has it big. Tiger Palmer signs far
Grudge Bout. Tiger to Meet Old Man-
killing Rival. Tollervxlle Gets Battle
Banned Elsewhere. Mister, that Spud
boy sure spread it thick. The Chi an’
St. Louis papers has it covercd on their
sport sheets. Tiger In Feud Bout. Coast
Challenger to Meet Mystery Riz>al.
Sounded great. Spud w^as clever.

  Well, I hotfooted it back to camp,
thankin’ my stars the Battler ain’t read
a sport sheet since some Manhattan edi-
tor panned him as the “big fizz and flop
man from the wide West.” It got him
sore; then he figured these babies were
dumb; so he never bothers no more
66

Fight Stories

about them. I gets back jus’ in time to
save the beans. Three newspaper men
from the local sheets were waitin’ for
an interview.

  The Battler’s jus’ gettin’ dressed after
his road-work an’ ready to give ’em a
spiel. I saves him the trouble. Yes,
it’s true, I tells ’em, the Battler meets
the Tiger. The Battler’s record. Well,
I’d rather not say. We felt we were
lucky catchin’ Spud Jordan an’ his man
an’ we didn’t want to scare ’em out of
the fight. Yes, it’s true they banned the
fight in several states. No, they couldn’t
see the Battler work out. Not for sev-
eral days, anyway.

  I gets rid of them gents an’ dashes
off to Avire Porky Howard who was
walkin’ the streets in Chi when we went
through. He’s a old-time ham-an’-egg
pug on his heels. But he can make the
Battler step an’ keep up the appearances
of a real trainin’ camp. Porky arrives
on the afternoon train an’, over a meal,
I give him the lowdown. I’ve staked
Porky more’n once an’ he sticks by me.
Then he puts the Kid through a few
rounds.

  Things were sorta quiet for the next
few days. Spud comes over an’ O. K.’s
the layout. The Battler takes his trainin’
as serious as ever an’ shapes up good
in the eyes of the local sport writin’
gentry who watch him from a distance.
This mystery stuff about the Battler’s
past has got them an’ the Post comes out
with a yarn hintin’ the Kid’s put some
guy to sleep for keeps down South an'
jus’ slipped out of a prison term. That
suits me fine; Spud. too.

  Spud’s a smooth talker an’ he lines
up some backin’ from the local big guns
for the fight. They got a race track
grandstand an’ the town throws up tem-
porary seats around the green free in re-
turn for the publicity. Things are goin’
smooth, with the Kid believin’ he’s fight-
ing some hick called Micky Morris.

  1 burn all the papers when I’m
through with 'em. Porky never opens
his chops. Then two newspaper gents
drop in from Chi. The next day they

play the bout off as some sort of secret
grudge feud that's tryin’ to dodge the
authorities. Couple of days later an-
other drops in an’ I spot him as Jacobs,
the expert dopester of the bunch. He
goes home an’ tells how he thinks he
recognizes the Battler as a gent he saw
in a bout at the Weepah goldfields last
year. He then presents us with a rec-
ord that sounds like wholesale murder.

  Everything seems to be breakin’ right.
I don’t tell Spud I ain’t put the Kid
wise. That guy plays ’em awful safe an’
might get hard about it. He ain’t aimin’
to take no chances on his man. But I
don’t dare let the Kid in on the game.
An’ I figure it’s safe anyway. The Bat-
tler’s sure to drop the fight some place.
He ain't never failed yet. I’ll send him
in with orders to back-pedal an’ box like
a fool. That guy, nor no other, can buck
the fates, an’ previous records prove
they got his name on the wrong side of
the book.

  The Kid’s talkin’ all the time now
about the big fights. It gets under my
skin sometimes. He's so serious. One
day he springs this one:

  “Porky tells me the champ ain’t had
a fight this year. An’ lie’s puttin’ on
weight. Believe me, Harry, you’ll never
catch me doin’ that.” Or, “You notice,
Harry, I ain’t on my toes so much now.
None of the big boys does that in train-
in’.” Somehow, that makes me mad.

WELL, things runs along so good I
can’t believe I’m alive. Spud lines
up a referee from among the Tiger's
handlers. That’s good insurance against
a break. The mayor’s tickled silly when
Spud offers to let him be official an-
nouncer. The local Board of Commerce
puts up the ring an’ rigs a good lightin’
plant over it. Everythin’s smooth.

  That is. it is until the day I slip over
to the Tiger’s camp for an hour. Spud
wants to fix the details. Porky promises
to herd off the newsmen! they’re pretty
thick around there now. While I'm
talkin’ with Spud. I happen to look over
the Tiger. He ain’t been takin’ his
Battlin’ Beppo

67

trainin' seriously, anyway, an’ he looks
shabby, an’ slow an' sort of careless. I
notices he misses a punch occasional an’
his boys are handlin’ him light. I don't
say nothin’ to Spud but, when I get
home, I watch the Kid closer'n ever.

  Mister, I’ll admit the Kid always
looked good in the gym. But this out-
door stuff seems to have done some-
thing to him. He admits he came from
a burg like this, anyway. Maybe it’s
that home feelin’. Anyway, he’s plain
mean an’ vicious, steppin’ around with
the fast-movin’ Porky. That little boy
can hit some himself an' I almost keels
over when I see the Kid drop his guard
an’ let Porky tear in wild.

  J think this over. The Battler always
looked good. But he looks better now.
An' when he moves sometimes, he re-
minds you of the way a scared fish darts
in the water. Fast an’ easy. Also—I
see a snarl breakin’ out every once an’
awhile. That ain’t good. If he gets
fightin’ mad—where’ll I be? He. might
do anything.

  1 always thought that, anyway. May-
be that’s why I held on to him so long.
The way those clean-cut, straight limbs
snap about puts a chill in my heart.
Also, the Kid’s gettin’ bigger. He seems
to have spread some an’ put on weight
in the barrel. Not fat, either. No. that
kind of beef that' ripples like coils of
burnished copper—mean an' wicked.

  I don’t sleep well on it, either. But
the next day, relief sails into port. The
news crowd, standin' back of a rope I
rigged up about twenty yards from the
ring, is jabberin’ an’ lookin’. Then one
of ’em catches my eye an’ I spots him
as Charley Forbes, the old heavy who
used to knock ’em galley-west at Shar-
key's Club. I go down an’ give him the
glad hand, stung with a bright idea.

  He’s coverin’ it for some sport sheet
in Detroit. I asks him how he’d like to
have a real story about how the Battler
felt to him. He don’t get me at first.
I explains: I mean for him to climb in
an’ mix it with the Kid. Now Charley
ain't never quite got that fever for the

feel of a punch outa his system. Some
of ’em never do; that's why they keep
coinin’ back till they lock ’em up in a
padded cell. An! he’s one of them guys
that always keeps in training. Also, he’s
written “detour” on more up-an’-comers
than any other leather-pusher in the
game.

  He falls for the idea. It don’t take
no time to slip him into a pair of trunks
an’ introduce him to the Kid. We run
off the rest of the news gang an’ they
go at it.

  Three rounds an’ fast. Charley's step-
pin’ to knock him, if he can. The Kid
looks good, awful good. Then Charley
paws him in the eye—shoots a couple of
rabbit punches in the clinches—cracks
him with a backhand shot. He even
snarls at the Kid. The Battler steps fast,
but he don't get mad; jus' keeps a-grin-
nin’ an’ inovin’. Three times he has an
openin’. Charley leaves ’em a-purpose.
But something seems to tie the Kid up
an’ he can’t drop him.

  Charley tells me the lowdown while
he’s gettin’ back into his clothes. He’s
good, but he lacks the knockout wallop.
Don’t seem to have the fire. No, he'd
never trouble a real champ.

  That makes me feel good. After
Charley leaves, I ponder it some.
Strange. Maybe it’s the excitement or
the tenseness of a real bout that ties him
up, makes him do the wrong thing, holds
him from flashin’ over when the time’s
right.

  Well, I been workin’ on that problem
over a year now, an’ I know it's useless.
I aim to give the kid the gate after this
bout, anyway. Why worry?

CHAPTER VI
Fightin’ Wild

GENTS. I don’t need to tell you
about the crowd there that Sat-
urday night. It even surprised Spud.
More’n five thousand with a special
train from Chi. All the folks from miles
68

Fight Stories

around had rode in. They were set for
a big fight—ready to see their first fight.
At the last minute, they rigs up a thou-
sand more benches. An’ even then, when
the local palookas had messed through
the prelims, they were standin’ all over
an’ even parkin’ their cars an’ buggies
back of the seats.

  Everything was set. In the tent we’d
rigged up at the end of the park, the
Battler was nervous. An’ he never was
that way before. I asks him what's the
matter.

  Them big blue eyes set on me an’ I
notice they’re kinda pale tonight. His
hands quivers at his sides, an’ he can’t
lay still. When he speaks, he’s husky
an’ hoarse.

  “Gee, Harry,” he blurts out, “this is
different. This seems like a real big
ffght. An’ I got to make good tonight.
Them’s my kind of people out there.
They—”

  Somebody sticks their head in the tent
flap an’ veils: “Good luck against the
Tiger, Kid!’’

  The Kid looks quick at me. He's sort
of strained around the jaws.

  “Tiger — ha — ha — ha!” I laughs.
“That’s a good one. They got a new
name for Mickey, eh?” That was close!

  Well, the time comes to go down. It
was hot an’ the Battler’s hide glistens
like oil when he climbs into the ring.
Standin’ there under the lights, he gets
a big hand from the crowd. His tow-
head waves an’ bobs an’ suddenly the
enthusiasm seems to run away with him.

  Mitts above his head, shakin’ hands
with ’em, he yells out: “Tiger Palmer
next. Then the champ!” It brought an-
other'cheer an’ a laugh, The Kid didn't
know the joke.

  But it brought a groan from me. Hon-
est, that Kid was so serious an’ dumb
standin’ there, the poor pug, with that
crazy dream of bein’ a champ. Mister,
do worms ever get to be alligators? An-
swer me that.

  The Tiger comes in then, hard-faced
an’ arrogant. You know. He steps over
to the Kid an’ shakes hands like he was

bad to touch. Then he goes around
bobbin’ to the crowd. The mayor does
his stuff. An’ when he points to the
Tiger's corner, mister, I began talkin’
fast in the Kid’s ear, so he wouldn't get
the name.

  “—an’ in this comer, Battlin’ Beppo,
the terror of the Pacific Coast. One
hundred an’ ninety-four pounds.”

  “Go careful, Kid. This guy ain’t no
set-up. He’s three kinds of wildcat in
close. Back-pedal plenty an’ stay away
from him. Don’t risk a shot. Keep
backin’ an’ sparrin’. Don’t forget you’re
a boxer.”

  “All right, Harry.” Honest, man. that
made me feel bad. That Kid was so
trustin’!

  Bang! The gong!

  There they go! The Battler slips out
easy an’ starts snakin’ that left right off.
The Tiger begins stalkin’ him. feints him
open, an’ slides his glove high on his
head. It sounded like a crownin’ wal-
lop an’ the crowd went mad. But the
Tiger was playin’ his game. Twice more
he connects in the midriff, but light, all
of 'em pulled. The Kid chops his face.

  Mister, the Battler was beautiful that
round, like a big, oiled piston. Sleek an’
slippery. Movin’ fast an' easy. He was
all bronze from the sun an’, under them
yellow lights, I begins to notice the
shoulder muscles. When he moves, they
flow like soft steel slippin’ under a veil.
He crosses a hard right to the Tiger’s
ear as he comes in. The Tiger grunts
an' frowns. That was a heavy shot.

  The round’s over. The Kid comes
back, light an’ fine. I was almost wish-
in’ he was fightin’ a real fight that night.
I'd ‘a’ sent him in hard. He grins up at
me an’ says the other guy’s good but
hittin’ light. I have to turn my face
away. Them blue eyes of his. . . .

THERE goes the buzzer. Ten sec-
onds more. Hold him off. Back
water. Spar. Kid. That’s what I told
him. Then he went in, believin’ me an*
playin’ the Tiger pretty. Round they
go, workin’ like a pair of swordsmen.
Battlin’ Beppo

69

That’s it. Swords. The Tiger leaps an’
throws a couple of punches, figurin’ he’s
safe because it’s fixed, anyway. He’s
open! Wide!

  The Battler slides under, bendin’,
straightenin'. An’ when he comes up.
he cuts loose with a pretty double hook
into the Tiger's ribs. Then he breaks
ground again, smilin’ at the Tiger. He’s
some sore; they were heavy, too. He
tries to work in to tell the Kid to lay
off. The Kid, takin’ my advice, won’t
let him get close.

  The Tiger keeps cornin', the Battler
backin'. He don't lead hard, an’ hardly
counters, an’ the Tiger gets rash. He
plunges once—an’ misses. He plunges
again. An’ the Kid ain’t there. The
Tiger hits the ropes. The Kid’s waitin’
for him. Three times to the heart. Hard
an’ straight. Nasty! Makes you think of
a snake whippin’ in.

  The Tiger covers up quick an' stalls.
The Battler seems to be flat-footed an'
waitin’. Sudden-like, that left whips
out. A cut’s opened over the Tiger's
eye. The round’s over.

  The Kid comes in, confident. Feelin'
great, he tells me. Wants to tear in an’
eat the Tiger up. Careful, I warns. Stay
away. Keep him cornin’. Gee, I’m ner-
vous. Spud’s givin’ me the sign from
his corner, thumbs down to make the
Kid lay off. I’m tryin’ to think of some-
thing to tell him when the gong clangs.

  The Tiger’s still got the red welt over
his heart as he walks out. An’ the Kid
fools him again. Instead of cornin’
cautious an’ waitin' for the Tiger to
lead, he slips one into the Tiger’s face.
The Tiger grunts an' covers. Another,
an’ another. I screams at the Battler
an’ he backs off. The Tiger tries to cor-
ner him but it's like cornerin’ smoke. No
chance. The Kid's footwork is perfect.

  Ever)- minute I was regrettin’ the deal
I’d gone through. The boy was pretty
tonight. Still, he’d always looked good.
Around the ring they go. The Tiger un-
hooks one from the floor an’ throws it a
mile wide. It looks great to the crowd
an’ he knows the Kid won’t cut him

down. But the Kid does. Three chop-
pin’ hooks to the sore eye. A smash
straight on the button. The crowd’s
wild, crazy, yellin’!

  The Tiger drops into a clinch. He
holds the Kid an’ I can see he’s talkin’
in his ear. I see the Kid’s tow head,
gleamin' in the light, snap back. His
mug’s twisted in anger an’ he breaks,
throwin’ the Tiger halfway across the
ring.

  Gents, from then on she’s a fight.
The prize palooka of the second-third
rate fight clubs against the outstandin’
fighter of the Pacific Coast. An' mister,
what a battle! I never see the Kid that
way before. He steps in an’ he’s plenty
close when he lets go with a pair of
drives to shake a gunboat. They hit an’
sink when they connect. He steps back,
leadin’ the maddened Tiger to step in.
An’ when he does. . . .

  Bam! You could hear splittin’ flesh
then. Flesh an’ bone. The Tiger went
down in a heap. He rolled an' writhed
an’ the Kid was against the ropes—ready
to swoop out. The ref, the guy from
the Tiger's camp, takes about five sec-
onds gettin' over to the man before he
starts the count.

  “One—two—three—get up, Tiger!—
four-r-r—hurry, Tige!—f-f-five—come
out of it, Tiger !—six—s-s-seven—are
you gettin’ up, Tige?—come on, Tige!
—e-e-e-e-ight!—come on, Tige. . . .”

  Spud saved the day. Sneakin’ around
the corner of the ring, he jerks the bell
string, with twenty seconds to go. They
drag the Tiger to his corner. The
crowd’s tearin' the place apart. I can’t
hardly make myself heard in the Kid’s
ear an’ I don’t know what to say. Gee,
how 1 want to send him in to win! I
mumble something about back-pedalin’
but I can see he ain’t listenin’.

  I take a quick look at him an’ his eyes
are like little splinters of ice—like cold,
blue steel. His lips is two white lines
across his teeth. His fine, clean-cut head
is still an’ tense. I read the signs. Crazy-
mad. I can't figure it. Back-pedal,
Kid. •: r#; ac
70

Fight Stories

  Spud Jordan, purple-faced, rips me
away. “Double crossin’, eh? Dirty
work! You lousy—”

  I cuts him short an’ begins explainin’.
The rest period is already ten seconds
over time. They’re bracin' Tiger fast in
his corner. I tell Spud the truth. There
ain’t nothin’ else to do. Porky leaps
down an’ backs me up. Spud sees it’s
true, because he knows the Kid never
fought like that. He shakes me around
an’ bawls me out for a dumb-bell.

 “Do something for him. Keep him
under. You gotta!” he yells, shakin’ a
fist in my face.

  I’m desperate. I slosh enough of
water over the Kid to drown him, chillin’
them muscles. It don’t seem right, but
I can’t double-cross Spud. It’s a acci-
dent, the Battler fightin’ like this. He’s
against a near champ an’ he’s showin’
him up, lickin’ him.

AT last the gong goes, jus’ as the
mob gets suspicious. They’re out,
the Tiger ready now, an’ set to fight—-
real. They clash in the dead center of
the ring, a writhin’, sweepin’ turmoil of
bronze arms an’ the smack-smack of
leather. An’ it’s the Tiger who reels
back. His head’s rollin’.

  An’ the Kid don’t play his part. No
missteps, no errors now. No, he feints
three times like a veteran. Then he
whips a trio of hooks to the Tiger’s
tummy, hard ones that land with a cruel
smack. He steps back an’ the Tiger
lunges to clinch. He misses an’ falls.
The Battler surprises me again. He’s
in an’ hurls a brace of swats to the
Tiger’s face. The Tiger hits the canvas
an’ don’t move.

  Spud saves the day again, jumpin’
into the ring an’ bawlin’: “Foul!
Foul!”

  The ref can’t do nothin’. No long
count’d save the Tiger now. The whole
place is in a frenzy. The din’s awful.
It takes a couple of minutes before the
Tiger’s manager’s out of the ring an’
they’re bringin’ the Tiger around. The
ret' rules for the to continue.

  Spud’s at my side, shoutin’ in my ear
I’ll never get the rest of that two grand.
Suddenly, I don’t care. My kid’s fight-
in’, fightin’ like he never fought before.
The Tiger’s roused now. His big torso
twists an’ snakes around as he works in.
The Kid waits, an’ suddenly breaks
ground again.

  The Tiger leaps for him an’ catches
him jus’ as the Battler’s glidin’ off the
ropes. They clinch. It’s awful! Red-
stained gloves thuddin’ like dull guns.
Two lean, tan bodies writhin’ under that
canopy of light. A screamin’, insane
crowd.

  They both reel back an’ the Kid’s
face is battered and bleedin’. The Tiger
lurches in. The Kid beats him to it.
He’s coinin’ in faster, like a knife findin’
a hole.

  Both his mitts drop. The Tiger swings
for his head. The Kid takes it. Is he
goin’ nuts? The Tiger recoils an' lets
fly again. The Kid takes it. The Tiger
laughs silent an’ draws back for the
knockout. Then that mad Kid comes to
life.

  Those two mitts shoot up like two
pistons. They find the Tiger’s face.
Hard Something snaps, like bone. The
Tiger wilts on his feet. The Kid hits
again—and again—and again! The Tiger
swings into a clinch, cuttin’ loose a low
one.

  Did that Kid cover up an’ tie up those
arms? Naw. I'm yellin’ like a maniac.
The Kid’s hittin’ with him, short, jar-
rin’, man-breakin’ jolts like a Demp-
sey. The Tiger drops back stiff, in
agony.

  The Battler poises on his toes, meas-
ures him with the left. Smack! She
goes in, that right, five times ... an’
one awful thunderbolt outa the left.
The Tiger’s down flat. The noise rolls
like a poundin’ ocean on your ears. The
Tiger never quivers.

Spud nails the bell again—with thirty
seconds to go. The fans shout murder.
The rest period is extended to two min-
utes. The Tiger's still a limp, stained
a his chair. The mayor, who was
Battlin1 Beppo

71

announcin’, leaps in an’ puts Battlin'
Beppo’s right duke in the air. Then
there was noise!

WELL, gents, out in the tent, I kept
smacking the Battler on the back
an' askin’ him how come. He’s grinnin
sheepish again with that slow smile, an’
his blue eyes is as dumb as ever. “How
come?” I was demandin'.

  “Well," he says, slow-like, “the big
palooka grabs a-hold of me in the third
an' tells me to lay off the heavy stuff—
the fight's fixed. Gee, Harry. I can’t
stand anybody accusin’ me of fixin' a

fight—of fightin’ crooked.” He smiles
again. “I got mad.”

  I jus’ stands there lookin', too struck
to open my mug. A half-dozen news-
paper guys rush in, collarin’ the Kid
before I could get between ’em.

  The Kid don’t say nothin’. “Well,”
they cries, “what do y’ think of Tiger
Palmer ?”

  “Him?” an’ the Kid sniffs haughty-
like when he pulls that slow grin. “He’s
jus’ like Dempsey an’ Tunney an’ them
other palookas. I could take ’em. Now
this guy I mixes with tonight—Micky
Morris—there’s a real scrapper !”

THE END

HONEST TOM, THE BLACKSMITH

OUT of a rather colorless series of so-called “eliminations” Tom Heeney has
emerged to be decorated with the crown of Logical Contendership. And in
spite of the booming razzberries of many boxing fans, it must be said that Heeney’s
selection was the only just one to make. It’s true that Heeney didn’t display any
knockout punch. It’s also true that he isn’t blooming with that elusive box-office
“It” called “color.” But he is willing to fight, and he fights hard—which is more
than can be said of some of the other logicals.

  Heeney stepped in with all of ’em. His record against Paulino, the Basque
Axe-Expert, is better than it reads in the records; he earned just decisions against
Delaney and Risko and Sharkey by sheer aggressiveness and willingness to mix it.
He didn’t wipe up the canvas with them—but he won.

  The experts, of course, concede him little chance against Mr. Tunney. They
say his aggressive style is built for Gene; that Tunney will slaughter any one who
forever comes piling in and swinging free. They also say that he hasn’t punch
enough to hurt the champion when he connects—if any.

  Tunney figures to outbox Heeney—but so did Sharkey. And it would be well to
recall that the same people who scoff at Heeney against the champion were equally
scoffish when Joseph Eugene Tunney donned the cesti for the first time against
Dempsey in the rain at Philadelphia.

  Tom Heeney is making no boasts. In his quiet way he is going about his training
with one idea in mind: “I’ll make him—and the folks who see it—know he’s been
in a fight.”

  The idea is typical of Heeney. And when Honest Tom sets out to let a fellow
know he’s been in a scrap he is apt to do it. At least he’ll be in there trying.
  Referee’s Decision

By ARTHUR J. BURKS

He had a Leatherneck's fighting heart and a wallop like dynamite, but
beyond the ropes was terror that seared his soul!

THE lightweight championship of
the Fleet was at stake. Lieutenant
Gillis, Marine Corps, realized this.
He hadn’t wanted to be the third man in
the ring, but he had been detailed, be-
cause some wise jazzbo who had known
him in the old days had told the Old
Man he was good at it.

  Scarcely conscious of what he was
saying, he spoke to the two brown pan-
thers in the center of the ring. One
was Frederico Calles, present holder of
the title, a Filipino. The other was
Young Dave Burdett, the challenger,
whose skin was like that of a baby, hair
combed back like that of a drugstore
cowboy.

  “Hit with one arm free! No holding!
Rabbit punch barred! Break when I
tell you to.”

  Neither paid Gillis much heed, appar-
ently, though Gillis wondered if Bur-
dett remembered. It had been five years
before—bum job that time. Burdett
had gone to the hospital with three bro-
ken ribs, because Gillis hadn’t stopped
72

the fight in time. But he didn’t seem to
remember.

  The fighters turned away, going to
their corners. Just as they turned Bur«
dett snarled at the officer over his
shoulder:

  “Hope you’re not as entirely rotten
as the last time I saw you doing your
stuff, Gillis!”

  Then the bell started the fight. But
Burdett had planted the old seed again.
Only Gillis knew how far back beyond
that other fight his memory went to con-
found him, back to long before Marine
Corps days, when Gillis had been a ware-
house man, two-fisted, square-jawed, the
born fighter—and one of the world’s
most sensitive men. He’d mixed it with
a lot of chaps in his time, until that
fatal evening when, an amateur after
all, he was inveigled into a battle with
a professional mauler.

  Just a kid, then, a kid who was known
by his first name to every man who saw
the scrap. They knew him for a comer.
He wasn’t trained for this fight, hada’t
Referee’s Decision

73

expected it Last-minute substitution,
be had been, for a scrapper who had
suddenly caught cold, some folks said
in the feet. Anyway, Gillis had gone in.

  And the professional fighter, grin-
ning a grin that glistened w'ith gold, his
broad nostrils working like pulses,
knocked him out in the first round. But
he didn’t let Gillis drop. He kept him
on his feet, fooled the crowd through-
out, and battered and mauled him for
five additional rounds. His hands had
been too heavy to lift. He couldn’t fight
back. The pro didn’t hurt him. He
was too numb. But his ears caught the
shouts of the crowd.

  “Yellow! Yellow! Stand up and
fight him, Gillis! Don’t lay down like a
whipped cur!”

  They never knew, for Gillis never told
them, that he had been knocked out in
the first, and then had been scientifically
carried through five rounds of ungodly
drubbing.

  And since that day he had never
fought in the ring. The blasted crowds
did it. Wasn't yellow, either, he told
himself. It was the crowds and their
yelling, their heartlessness. He’d re-
fused to scrap a champion in Quantico,
whither his record had followed him,
and because he gave no reason his
friends said he was yellow. Even the
man he had been asked to fight thought
so. He taunted Giilis with fear, and
Gillis took him out in the woods, with
only a few friends looking on, and gave
him a trouncing he would never forget.

  "Watch this baby, Gillis! He’s hit-
ting low.”

  That was Burdett, snarling as usual,
complaining as usual. Hard egg, Bur-
dett. Always ready to take three to
land one, and one was usually enough.
But in the Filipino he was up against
class. Callcs was like a jungle cat, un-
smiling, shooting in damaging blows
from every angle.

  The crowd was at it again.

  “Where’d you get that referee? Yank
'em apart! Don’t let ’em stall!”

  Yank ’em apart he did. How he

dreaded the end of the fight! Referee’s
decision, and folks who knew said he
hadn’t given a right decision in ten
years of taking third place in the ring.
He knew better himself. The Old Man
had called him in.

  “Burdett is our pride, Gillis,” he had
said. “Fancy the boys have got up a
lot of dough on him.”

  “1 always call ’em the way I see ’em
sir,” Gillis had said, “whether the deci-
sion pleases the crowd, the fighters, or
the newspapermen!”

  “That, of course, is what is expected
of you.”

AND now they were at it, Calles the
champion, Burdett the challenger.
Calles was all over the ring, and all over
Burdett. But Burdett was a cagy
scrapper. He sank his fist into the
stomach of the Filipino, and the Filipino
went back on his heels, hands dropping
to his stomach. Burdett flew at him.
and was knocked flat on his back by a
couple which came so fast even Gillis
almost missed ’em.

  Burdett bounced up without a count,
and blood dripped from his lips to dye
his chin. He punched the Filipino off
balance, shot a right cross to the jaw.
Calles dropped, rolled halfway across
the ring, staggered to his feet as Gillis
followed him, plunged against the ropes,
whirled, facing Burdett, who, his face
set in a mask of determination, pre-
pared for the finishing blow.

  Off the ropes bounced Calles, tearing
at Burdett like a wildcat. Across the
ring he drove him, into the ropes, rock-
ing his head with rights and lefts, not
deigning to protect himself, keeping
Burdett so busy Burdett couldn't fight
back. He rocked his head from side to
side, lowered his own head, and fairlv
lifted Burdett to his toes with savage
uppercuts to the short-ribs. Burdett
went through the ropes, doubled up like
a jack-knife, hanging by his knees.
Calles came back and Burdett was
through, inside the ring again, before
Gillis could count.
74

Fight Stories

  “Make 'em fight! Make ’em fight!
Burdett! Burdett!”

  This was a Burdett crowd. Burdett
was away behind. He’d been out-
smarted by the older, more skilful Fili-
pino, but Gillis knew the crowd didn’t
think so. Burdett had apparently
smothered the Filipino in a flurry of
blows, time after time; but Gillis had
seen that every one of ’em landed on a
protecting glove or elbow, or missed en-
tirely by almost nothing. Burdett ap-
parently landed two for one on the Fili-
pino. Yet Calles was ahead on points.
Gillis knew it.

  But if he gave the decision to Bur-
dett it would be wrong. If he gave it
to Calles the crowd would go wild. Al-
ways the crowd. The crowd had no
mercy. He knew crowds. Every man
in it, apparently, knew more about fight-
ing than the referee. And they’d got
his name from the printed program.

  “Get busy, Gillis! Can’t you see
Calles is hitting low? Part ’em, you
saphead!”

  So easy to call names when a fellow
couldn’t tell who was calling them.

  Probably not one of those yelling ma-
niacs out there had ever officiated as
third man in a ring, or done battle with
the gloves, either. Crowds were merci-
less. Through the yelling now of those
who thought he wasn't doing his stuff
came, from down the dim corridors of
memory, the voice of another crowd that
shouted at him:

  “Stand up and fight him, Gillis!
You’re yellow! Yellow!”

  And the other crowd hadn’t been able
to see that he was out, his arms like
lead, that he didn’t drop simply because
the professional mauler wouldn’t let
him.

  And the same kind of crowd yelling
now:

  “Watch the Filipino, Gillis! He’s
hitting low! Get on the job, you
dumbbell!”

  Mad with bloodlust, the crowd was
fighting the fight themselves, vicariously,
as crowds did; fickle, without mercy,

flicking in the raw those sensitive ones
who happened to be in the limelight—
that light which, from above the arena,
showered a circle of silver light upon the
glistening, blood-spattered torsos of
Calles and Burdett.

  It was the fourth round. Calles and
Burdett stood toe to toe in the center
of the ring, going at it hammer and
tongs. Their arms moved so rapidly
one .could scarcely see them. Certainly
none beyond the newspapermen at ring-
side could check up on those blows.

  But Gillis—Gillis saw them all, and
noted that Calles landed two where Bur-
dett landed one. Burdett made more
noise as his gloves slapped home, hit
oftener, was more spectacular, but as
always his blows were practically harm-
less, because the gloves, elbows and
shoulders of Calles flicked them aside.

  Calles heard the shouting of the
crowd, and grinned slightly at Gillis.

  “Get him, Burdett! Knock the brown
boy for a loop! Sock him! Batter
him down! He’s only a cheese cham-
pion !”

  Gillis understood the grin of Calles.
Calles knew crowds, and Calles knew
that Burdett was a whipped fighter. So
did Gillis. So did Burdett himself.
But the crowd did not know. Bur-
dett's eyes were glassy, his knees trem-
bling. But he had guts, lots of ’em,
and he stood toe to toe with Calles, ex-
changing damaging blows. A crowd-
pleaser, that was it, a crowd-pleaser.
Yet Burdett was whipped, with two
rounds yet to go.

  Calles knew it, Burdett knew it, Gil-
lis knew it, and the newspapermen knew
it. But the newspapermen had one ad-
vantage over a referee. The referee had
to decide after the last bell who had won,
while the newspapermen could discover
the reaction of the crowd to the decision
—and write stories that would please
the greatest number.

THE sixth and last round. Both
men came from their corners, ap-
parently as fresh as when the fight had
Referee’s Decision

75

started. They touched gloves in the
center of the ring, darted apart. Then
Calles bored in. He went in like a bat-
tering ram. Burdett swung at him.
Calles blocked the blow with his glove.
He slipped in a small wet place, dropped
to his knees, and Burdett was all over
him. An accident, nothing more.

  But the crowd yelled for Burdett. To
the crowd it had been a knockdown, and
Burdett was miles ahead.

  “Finish him, Burdett! Finish him!
You've got him, you’ve got him!”

  Then they wrere at it again, circling,
feinting, but feinting little, as each bat-
tler goaded himself to the utmost to
make a showing in the last round, to do
his best to influence crowd and referee
to his standard. Calles was covered
with blood, but most of it came from
the nose of Burdett, who had hung on
time after time, until Gillis had pulled
him away and warned him for holding.
Calles looked like a beefsteak, but it was
Burdett’s blood.

  The crowd didn't know that.

  Their breath coming in agonized
gasps, the fighters stood toe to toe at the
bell, heads down, all science flung to the
winds, striving for that last-minute
knockout, battering, battering, slugging.
The crowd was on its feet, yelling like
mad—

  “Clang!”

  Without a moment of hesitation,
Gillis crossed to Calles and held up his
hand. Burdett was tight behind the
referee.

  “Couldn’t give a chap a break, Gillis,
could you ?” he snarled. “Just as rot-
ten as always!”

  Burdett strode to Calles, shook his
hand, and Gillis heard him snarl.
“You’re a dirty fighter, Calles, you—”
Calles only grinned, then flung aside
the hand of Burdett.

  To the crowd this was an indication
of Burdett’s wonderful sportsmanship.
The crowd went wild. Unobtrusively
several privates, wearing sidearms,
slipped into the ring. It was an ugly
crowd. Gillis had given a rotten deci-

sion. His face was white as he strode
to the reporters’ bench.

  “How do you chaps stand?” he asked.
A veteran of typewriter and prize-
fights replied:

  “I agree with you all the way through,
kid, and I’ll write her up that way.”
But he didn’t. Next morning his
paper carried a story which bitterly be-
rated Gillis, called him a blind referee,
and gave four rounds to Burdett, with
the other two even.

  The Old Man sent for Gillis.

  “Rotten decision, Gillis,” he said
coldly. “Were you blind last night?
The men lost thousands of dollars on
your decision.”

  “It was the correct one, sir,” replied
Gillis. “I’d give the same decision
again in like circumstances. Rematch
those two for ten rounds and Calles
will knock Burdett out!”

  “If they are rematched, Gillis,” re-
plied the Old Man, “we’ll have a man
in the ring who knows something about
the game.”

  But when the rematch came every-
body had forgotten about Gillis’ deci-
sion, and not one newspaper mentioned
it, though Calles, furiously intent upon
proving that the newspapers had been
wrong before, knocked Burdett out in
the sixth round.

  But everybody had forgotten, except
Gillis, who now knew what he should
have known all along. He was yellow,
in a way. He feared no man, would
fight any one his weight—outside the
ring—but he couldn’t stand the merci-
less ranting of a crowd.

THE test came two years later, in
Shanghai. Gillis went over with
the Fourth Regiment of Marines and
went through the hectic early days of the
trouble around Shanghai. Everybody,
except the close followers of the fight
game, had forgotten the past perform-
ances of Gillis in the ring. But Gillis
didn’t forget. He never would. The
yells of the crowds rang in his ears
always.
76

Fight Stories

  Somewhere, some time, somehow, he
promised himself, he would conquer his
fear of crowds.

  The chance came sooner than he ex-
pected.

  It was after things quieted down in
Shanghai, and the authorities were look-
ing around for entertainment for their
men and for the foreign population. As
usual they settled upon a smoker, this
time an international affair, as the best
bet. Fighters from all the various units
were to participate.

  Two men were eagerly sought for as
the details of the scheme were being
worked out: A man to officiate as third
man in the ring, and a match for
“Mauler” Benson, light-heavy cham-
pion of the Asiatic Fleet.

  People in the know came to Gillis.
But Gillis shook his head.

  “I’ll never referee another bout,” he
told them.

  And he stuck to his guns. He’d help
out in the corners, he told them, help
handle Marine Corps battlers, do all he
could to get the gyrene scrappers into
shape.

  They grabbed him as a drowning man
grabs at a straw. They begged him to
groom some light-heavy who wouldn’t
look too much like a dub against Mauler
Benson. He agreed to try.

  “We’ll go have a look at this Benson’s
workouts, first,” he told the committee.

  Well, the world is small, after all.
Gillis had often heard the statement.
But he’d never thought much about it
until now.

  He took one good look at Mauler
Benson. He was older, more expe-
rienced. There was more gold in his
golden smile. He was rugged, fit, an
animal whose forte was the squared
circle—a born fighter, cruel, merciless—
cruel and merciless as any crowd that
ever booed a losing champion or a
referee.

  Gillis thought it over for a moment,
his heart pounding.

  “I’ve got a man for Benson,” he said
at last.

  But he wouldn’t tell them who it was.
He gave a name, the first one that came
into his head, and pretended that he was
keeping his fighter under cover, which
he was. There was a lot of excitement
as the time for the fight drew near.
Friends and enemies alike begged for a
look at the dark horse who was to face
Mauler Benson. But Gillis only grinned
and shook his head.

  There was a stirring movement
through all the crowd when Gillis’ man
stepped into the ring, preceding Benson,
for the last bout of the evening. Then
they recognized the man.

  “Gillis! Lieutenant Gillis!”

  The shout went up, rolling like a tidal
wave through all the crowd. The crowd
seemed to be for him. It always was
for the under dog, up to a certain point.
Gillis waited quietly for Benson to ap-
pear. He waited patiently, unbothered
by the uneasiness which possessed the
crowd.

  Then the Mauler came down the aisle,
and a second tidal wave, larger, more
mountainous, swept in a vast crescendo
of sound through the tight-packed
crowd. Benson crawled through the
ropes, strode to Gillis, felt of his taped
hands. Then he looked into Gillis’ face,
grinning, showing his mouthful of gold.
His grin faded slowly, a puzzled frown
creased his low brow.

  “Seen you before somewhere, haven’t
I, fella?” he asked. “Have we
ever stepped through together be-
fore?”

  “We did, Benson,” replied Gillis
quietly. “You knocked me out in the
first round. You wouldn't let me drop.
You fairly slaughtered me for five more
rounds! I’m going to pay you up to-
night !”

  Benson grinned.

  “More power to you, kid! Sorry to
disappoint you. I’ll carry you to the
fifth, though.”

“It won’t last that long, Benson, un-
less I hold you up, like you did me.”
The crowd yelled for action. Benson
went to his corner. He was still grin-
Referee’s Decision

77

ning, but bis face was thoughtful,
puzzled.

  The crowd began its old chant.

  “Knock the shave-tail for a goal,
Benson! Hit him with everything but
the stool!”

  The old fear came to Gillis again as
he listened to the voice of the mob. He
put his gloved hands over his ears.
Then, feeling sheepish, he took them
down again, strove to shut his ears to
the shouts and cat-calls. But his mind
went back to the time when he had faced
this killer before.

  “Stand up and fight him, Gillis!
You’re laying down, you yellow pup!”

  The bell clanged.

BENSON came from his corner like
a cyclone. Gillis met him in the
center of the ring. The fight that is
still talked of in Shanghai had begun.
Benson drove both hands to Gillis’
stomach, like twin sledge-hammers. Gil-
lis gasped, started to lower his hands to
his mid-section, saw Benson’s right start
the deadly drive at his jaw, crouched,
covering, then uncorked both hands in a
series, fast and furious, of rights and
lefts that carried all the pent-up steam
of years of fearing the crowd—fear
which he owed to the man before him,
the man with the golden smile.

  Benson’s head rocked back, snapped
forward, as a left flicked into his face,
as a right smashed to his heart. Benson
grinned. He could take it. He'd al-
ready taken the best Gillis could send.

  He snarled, bored in. He rocked Gillis
to his heels with a one-two that Gillis
could neither duck nor block. Gillis
tried to clinch. Benson smashed his
nose, filled the evening with dancing
stars, pounded Gillis to his knees with
murderous rights and lefts.

  Gillis staggered into a clinch. Ben-
son snarled in his ears.

  “Still yellow,” he said. “Still hang-
ing on rather than fight! I remember
you, now. Guess I’ll carry you through,
after all, and mark you so you’ll re-
member me some more!”

  “I’m not a kid now,’" wheezed Gillis,
gasping. “I’m going to break you to-
night, Benson. You’re dirty. I’m go-
ing to break you.”

  It was Benson’s turn to gasp as Gillis
fought his way out of the clinch, bent
down to a fighting crouch, his stomach
shrinking back against his spine, dis-
appearing almost as a target for flying
fists, sank his neck into his shoulders and
bored in. He made little attempt to
cover now, nor did Benson. Both were
blood-spattered, fighting furies as the
bell signaled the end of the first rouncL
They circled warily for a few sec-
onds to begin the second.

  “Get him, Gillis! Don’t let him get
you down!”

  The crowd again. Thought he was
afraid. Maybe he was, but he’d con-
quer his fear if it was the last thing on
earth he did. He charged like a bull,
went back to his heels, swaying like a
tree, as Benson pounded relentlessly at
his heart.

  Gillis dropped to one knee for no
count, dived in from low down, raised
as he closed in, and punished Benson
fearfully with half a dozen to the face
and head. Benson grinned. A born
fighter, loving the ring, was Benson—
but dirty, playing the game to his own
standards.

  He knocked Gillis flat on his back
with a haymaker that nothing could
block. Gillis rose groggily at the count
of seven, staggering in, arms wide, un-
protected. Benson stepped inside, bat-
tered him about the head and neck.

  Gillis chopped at Benson’s face, bat-
tered, pounded, danced here and there,
in and out, fists working like pistons,
licking out like serpents’ tongues.

  Benson drove Gillis to the ropes, drove
him through them with a right to his
suddenly relaxed stomach. Gillis was
back at the count of nine, doggedly slug-
ging with this arch-slugger of the Asi-
atic Fleet.

  A wall of fists—a circular wall, clos-
ing on Gillis! He could see the
blows coming. They landed, sapped
78

Fight Stories

his strength. His arms sagged, sank
to his side. Benson mauled him un-
mercifully.

  The crowd was in an uproar, bellow-
ing for the kill. Gillis dropped, rolled
to his back, rolled to his stomach, to his
hands and knees, tried to pull his hands
loose from the floor—flopped down!
The referee was counting. The count
seemed fast.

  Gillis was saved by the bell.

  He came out for the third, staggering.
He came out slowly, hesitantly. The
crowd yelled.

  "Don't turn yellow, Gillis! Stand up
to him! You’re doing fine! Jar him
loose from his feet, Benson!”

  The call of the pack once more, the
blood-lusting screams of men who like
the sight of blood.

  The old fight of long ago came back.
Benson, younger then, grinning, beating
him to a pulp, making him seem to
clinch, holding him up, carrying him
through. Yellow!

  Benson straightened Gillis with a blow
to the chin, a blow that rocked Gillis,
made him sway like a limb in the wind,
and snapped his head back. His head,
miraculously, cleared. The blow whirled
him around. He saw his seconds sig-
naling, making mad motions with their
hands, saw their lips moving, knew they
shouted encouragement. Then he saw
the towel in the hands of one.

  He whirled, drove Benson against the
ropes, close to his seconds.

  “If you birds throw in that towel,” he
snapped at them, “I’ll beat the heads
off both of you! I’m going to win this
scrap!”

  The man who held it folded the towel,
sat upon it, grinning. Benson snarled
in Gillis’ ear.

  “You think you’re going to win!
Watch me, if you still can see!”

  Gillis started bicycling as Benson
drove him unmercifully, battering un-
resisted at his face, head and body. He
drove Gillis into a corner. Gillis doubled
up, covering his stomach and head with
hands and forearms. Benson stepped

back, measuring his man. Gillis un-
corked like a jack-knife, came out of his
corner like a projectile from a catapult,
both arms moving in and out like
rapiers.

  Benson’s grin faded as Gillis came in
and would not be denied.

  Gillis grinned now, taunting Benson.
He slugged Benson in the stomach. In
spite of years of training, Benson low-
ered his guard. Gillis, aiming at the
button, knocked out some of Benson’s
gold teeth, spoiling any grin Benson
might have started.

  Fourth round. Like the other three,
Benson leading a mile on points. Both
men arm-weary and punch-drunk.

  Fifth round. Toe to toe in the center
of the ring, neither asking quarter nor
giving it, Gillis and Benson slugged,
sobbed with the pain of their own blows,
became primitive men as they sought to
destroy each other.

  "Take it back, Gillis.” mumbled Ben-
son. “You’re not yellow! But take
the count and I’ll slip you a hundred.
I've got everything up on this fight.”

  “That fixes it, Mauler Benson,"
gritted Gillis. “Here goes!”

THERE was no stopping Gillis now.
Yellow he might be, crooked never.
He forgot the crowd in the one minute
left him, as he should always have for-
gotten the crowd. He drove Benson to
the ropes, rocked him, doubled him up,
punched him off balance.

  The crowd was roaring, but Gillis
could hear not one word. He could only
see the face of Benson, sick with pain,
eyes glassy, but Ups set in a snarl. Gillis
drew back for the finisher.

  A house seemed to fall on Gillis’
head. He wras down, his head weaving
from side to side. The referee was
counting. His second had grabbed the
towel again.

  The referee's hand had started down
on the fatal count, when Gillis, ro
swiftly that the eye could scarccly fol-
low the movement, charged Benson, al-
most from a X->rone position. Against
Referee’s Decision

79

the ropes he drove him again, one-twoed
him, mad with fury—and fear of his
own fear. Benson’s face was beseech-
ing now.

  “One hundred dollars, Gillis!”

  Gillis drove to the man’s heart with
everything he had, and Benson went
through the ropes. He went through as
if hurled from a catapult. He was
horizontal as he passed through. He
fell in the laps of three of his
friends, who lifted him, tossed him back
into the ring, where he lay as one
dead.

  Gillis staggered to a neutral corner.

  There was little need to count. Ben-
son "dm out!

  The referee stepped to the ropes,
grasped them in his right hand.

  ‘■'Lieutenant Gillis, gentlemen, the
new light-heavyweight champion of the
Asiatic Fleet!”

  He had already lifted the right hand
of the winner.

  Gillis faced the crowd, looked all
around the ring, raised his hand for si-
lence. It made no difference that the
British general was at the ringside, no
difference that his own colonel, who had
probably won a couple of hundred on
the fight, was there, nor that his battal-
ion commander was there. He could ex-
plain to them later.

  Silence fell, and from the mashed lips
of Gillis, like a cry of rejoicing, came
words whose import only those in the
know could comprehend:

  “Go—-to—hell!”

  Then he turned, while the stunned
silence held for all of a minute, and
helped to lift the limp body of Benson,
who still was in dreamland, to the chair
his seconds had contemptuously tossed
into the ring.

SOME LEADING SLUGGERS

THERE have been many sluggers in the history of Fistiana. Many have been
capable of putting away a rival with a single blow. On the basis of total
knockouts the following twenty men can be rated as the best hitters the game has
ever seen:

 Knockouts

                                 Knockouts

George Chaney ........................................101

Jimmy Finlay..........................................S8

Frank Moody ..........................................87

Peter Maher ............................................8Q

Sam Langford ........................................74

Young Slribling ......................................72

Bill Brennan ............................................67

Benny Leonard ........................................64

Joe Gans....................................................63

Jimmy Wilde............................................63

Fred Fulton ..............................................64

Kid Williams............................................59

Mike MeTigue ........................................56

Ted Lewis..................................................56

Eddie Burnbrook ....................................55

Jack Dillon ..............................................55

Tommy Ryan ..........................................55

Harry Greb ..............................................52

Spike Sullivan..........................................52

Georges Carpenticr ................................51

  In this rating, of course, many famous sluggers—such as Dempsey and Jeffries
for instance—are eliminated due to the fact that they engaged in comparatively few
ring contests.
Breed of Champions

By JACK BYRNE

He was born of a fighting breed—yet his very heritage made him yellow!
A story of the amateur ring—of our champions of tomorrow whose only

prize is glory.

THE hardest blow Joe Dunn ever
felt was struck by his own right
hand. It was an uppercut, a
short one, with not much punch behind
it and its force padded by heavy train-
ing gloves. It landed just beneath the
ear of Joe Dunn’s son.

  Joe Dunn grinned, and side-stepped
lithely to avoid the swift counter he ex-
pected. And then his grin was wiped
away and a tiny startled cry was forced
from his lips as he leaped in with both
gloves open.

  For the kid was going down!

  He was on one knee when Joe Dunn’s
hands reached him, held him. “Kid
. . .” Toe Dunn whispered. “Kid—I
didn’t mean—”

  And then suddenly his words stopped.
Gloved hands tightened on the boy’s
arm; Joe Dunn, down on his knees now,
stared stupidly, unbelievingly, into the
face of his son. Except for his eyes
and the faint tremor of his lips it was as
if a great sponge had wiped all expres-

80

sion from the face of Joe Dunn ; made
it blank—ghastly.

  “Kid—” his lips barely moved. Then,
all at once, his body stiffened and he
raised himself slowly to his feet, leav-
ing the boy still kneeling there. Wearily
Joe Dunn drew the back of his glove
across his eyes; almost mechanically he
bent down to tug at the glove-strings
with his teeth.

  “That will be all for today,” Toe
Dunn muttered.

  His head was bowed and his eyes
clouded as he bent down under the ropes
and moved slowly away. The kid '•till
knelt there silently.

IN the days before the war when Joe
Dunn was known as “The Killer.”
men used to say that he’d take three
punches to land one. Many a fighter
had dropped Joe Dunn but none had
made him back up. In his scrap book at
home was a treasured clipping that New
York’s greatest sporting writer had
Breed of Champions

81

signed; it said that the shrapnel at
Belleau Wood which had torn into Joe
Dunn’s leg had robbed the ring of its
greatest fighting heart since the days of
Ketchel and the Dane.

  Perhaps that is why it hurt Joe Dunn
so much to see that his son was yellow.

  He knew that the blow hadn’t been a
heavy one; he was surprised to see the
kid drop under it. Yet he thought that
it might have reached the button, and he
knelt beside the boy penitent. He was
only seventeen, the kid was, and Joe was
afraid he’d put on more steam than he
intended. It was then he saw the look
in the kid’s eyes.

  Joe Dunn had seen that look before,
had seen it in the faces of whipped men.
It wasn't the dull, glassy stare that came
when a man was punch-drunk. It
wasn’t the dogged glare of a man who
is weakening and knows it. No, it was
something else again—a whimpering
sort of look, a thing of sheer fear.
Many a time Joe Dunn had sneered at
it; many a man he'd taunted for it.

  And there it was, shining in the kid’s
eyes. Yellow!

  Never once did Joe Dunn look back
toward the ring as he moved stiffly
toward the little room he called his
office. He didn’t hear the shouts of the
other kids who were punching the heavy
bag and shadow-boxing at the other end
of the little gym. For Joe Dunn was
sort of stunned; couldn’t yet believe that
his kid was yellow.

  He sank into a chair and stared
blindly straight ahead. It was a long
moment before he was aware of the
other man in the room. He looked up.
. . . Captain Parsons.

  “You look hurt, Joe,” Parsons said.
“What’s the matter? The leg again?”

  “Worse ’n that, Captain,” Joe Dunn
answered. “Worse ’n that.”

  Parsons had commanded Joe Dunn's
company in France. It was he who had
given Toe his chance as boxing instruc-
tor in the service, who had fixed up this
job for him at the little club where he
could teach the neighborhood kids to

  F.—June—6

handle the gloves. There wasn’t much
money in it—just a living—but it had
given Joe Dunn something to do when
he came back. And he’d sort of enjoyed
teaching the lads; enjoyed watching
Young Bob, his son . . . until now.

  “It’s the kid—Bob,” he said. “Yel-
low ...” Dully, he told Parsons what
had happened.

  There was a bond of understanding
between Joe Dunn and this man who
had been his captain. Some men might
have laughed or tried to find excuses
for the kid, but Parsons knew Joe Dunn,
knew how he felt. He nodded.

  “Wrhich means—?” he asked.

  “Which means,” Joe Dunn finished,
“that the kid doesn’t fight tonight. I’m
sendin’ Morgan in.”

  “And that means,” Parsons said
slowly, “that the Shamrocks take four
out of seven bouts—”

  Joe Dunn shrugged wordlessly.

  “—and that Marty Ford, who coaches
them, will get a nice job at the City
A. C.—a job that Joe Dunn deserves;
that he can have if his boys win four
out of seven.”

  Joe Dunn’s eyes answered him. “He’s
yellow,” Joe said softly; “I saw it.”
And that was that. Wade Parsons,
late captain A. E. F., rose without an-
other word and walked to the window.
For a long time both were silent.

  At length Parsons turned to the door.
“I think,” he spoke softly, “I’ll hunt
up the kid—huh ? Maybe . .

  “Ask one of the boys to send Morgan
in,” Joe Dunn said. “Want to have a
talk with him.”

YOUNG BOB-was tying his street
shoes when Wade Parsons found
him. The boy looked up nervously and
his pale face flushed a sudden red. His
eyes fell and fingers fumbled with laces
that were already tight. Parsons put a
hand on his shoulder.

  “What’s wrong, son?” he asked
quietly.

 Young Bob didn’t look up. He
squirmed his shoulder from Parson’s
82

Fight Stories

grasp. “Pm all right.” he said huskily.
“Lemme alone.”

  But Parsons was sitting beside him
now. “Listen here, kid,” he was say-
ing, “I can’t handle that line. Snap out
of it! Act your age! Young Uncle
Hector wants to know just what hap-
pened—and why.”

  Young Bob didn’t change expression,
didn’t raise his head; but slowly his lips
began to move. “He hit me,’’ the boy
said, “and I—I stayed down. I—he—
well, I guess he’s off of me.”

  “Why did you stay down?’' asked
Parsons softly.

  “1—” the boy’s voice was husky—“I
don’t know. Maybe . . . maybe I’m
yellow.”

  Wade Parsons laughed then and his
big hands went out to grasp the boy’s
shoulder. Roughly he twisted the kid
around until their eyes met.

  “That’s a lie,” he growled, “and both
of us know it. Now let’s get the up-
and-up on this. What’s the matter?”
Young Bob swallowed hard. “I don’t
know. Captain,” he said. “Honest, I
don’t. We were just sparring, see. and
he swung a quick one that caught me off
balance. And then I saw his face—
and I remembered. . . . And I stayed
down.”

  “Remembered ?”

  The kid nodded. “Yeah. His face
was like it used to be when they took me
to watch him fight. I—I guess I was
just scared. Guess I’ve always been
scared of him. So I stayed down.”
Parsons’ big hands clenched hard on
the kid’s shoulders. He understood, for
he recalled the scenes of other days then
. . . Joe Dunn—Killer Joe—in his cor-
ner. . . . His manager holding up Joe’s
motherless boy to shake hands and wish

him luck.....The white face of

the kid, and his scared eyes suffering as
Joe Dunn bored through a rain of blows
with that fighting snarl set on his face.
A moment of terror. . . .

  Why, the kid was only six then—no
wonder the memory brought him fear.
And Joe Dunn himself was responsible

for it. He had made the boy afraid of
his own father!

  Yes, Wade Parsons understood. But
would Joe Dunn see it?

  Parsons slid an arm across young
Bob’s shoulders, and pulled the boy
close. “I get you, kid,’’ he said. “Let’s
go see Joe.”

  But the boy held back. “Aw, no,
Captain,” he pleaded; “I can’t. It’s like
squawkin’ or something. I—”

  With the palm of his free hand Wade
Parsons tilted the boy’s nose. -“You
shut up,” he growled in mock anger,
“and listen to the doctor. We’re going
to see that stubborn old man of yours
and I’m going to give him Wade Par-
sons’ famous Lecture 33A to rebellious
sergeants. If he doesn’t cock an atten-
tive ear I’ll put him on K. P. for the
duration of hostilities.”

  Bob Dunn managed a wry grin.
“O. K., Cap,” he said. “I’m game if
you are.”

  They found Joe in his little office
talking to two of his boys. One was
Morgan, second-string 160-pounder ; the
other was Snell, Joe’s best light-heavy-
weight. Bob’s father glanced up as they
came in and his eyes narrowed. He
went on talking:

  “It’s up to you two,” he was saying.
“We stand an even chance in the lighter
classes, and if you come through we’ll
win. You, Morgan, have got to try for
a K. O. This boy you’re meeting is
plenty fast and he figures to out-box
you; all you can do is keep rushing him
—keep talcin’ it an’ try for a haymaker.”
He lifted his eyes for just a moment
and they flashed toward his son. “I
know you can take it, Morgan. Just
stick in there an’ keep cornin’.”

  Wade Parsons cleared his throat
elaborately. “Got a minute, Joe?” he
asked.

  Joe Dunn didn’t raise his head. “I’m
busy,” he said. Then, to Snell: “I can’t
tell you a thing, lad. This boy you’re
meeting is new to me. Never seen him
work. But I got the office he’s plenty
tough, and you'll have to be good. . s .
Breed of Champions

83

Now go on and get cleaned up. Sleep
an hour or so if you can. Report here
to me at seven.”

  Then Wade Parsons was leaning
over his desk. “Listen, Joe,” he said.
“I wajat to talk to you. Now wipe that
dirty look oft your face and get this.
I’ve been talking to the kid, and I know
what’s—”

  “Wait!” Joe Dunn almost snarled it.
He was half way from his chair and
his face was hard. “Just what are you
going to talk about?” he asked throatily.

  “Why — ’’Parsons was startled —
“about this afternoon. About the kid—”
Joe Dunn’s fist crashed on the table
and Joe Dunn’s face was an angry mask.
“Lissen. Cap,” he growled, “you ain’t
talkin’ to me, see? I don’t want to hear
about it—don’t want to think about it.
I’ll—”

  They stared at each other in tense
silence while young Bob stood, white-
faced, behind them. And the Captain’s
eyes were first to drop, for he knew
how Joe Dunn figured things: he under-
stood.

  “All right, Joe,” he said quietly, “we'll
say no more about it. But I’m telling
you now. Joe Dunn, we’re going to do
something about it.”

  He turned to Bob. “C’mon, kid. I
sort of got a hunch. ...”

  They left Joe Dunn still standing
there, his face white and drawn, and in
his eyes a brooding anger.

YELLOW light flooding the ring—
pad, pad of swift feet on canvas—
the smack of leather against bare flesh!
Two white bodies weaving in and out;
dodging, parrying, striking. A hum of
voices from the watchers. Here and
there a shout. Again the slither of feet
and the thud of blows. A mighty roar
from the crowd—“He’s down!”

  The arena was filled. Men and
women—mothers and fathers and sweet-
hearts—people from every walk in life
were jammed close. High up, the
Shamrock rooters gathered in a body
and filled the place with din each time

their man struck. The friends of Joe
Dunn’s Third Avenue boys replied to
each sally with rattles and whistles and
cheers. At the ringside a sprinkling of
white shirts stood out against the black
of evening clothes. Close to the ring two
or three sports writers made lazy notes.

  For it was well known that these
bouts were a sort of grudge fight be-
tween the Shamrocks and the Third
Avenue A. C. Also,, they knew it was a
test between Joe Dunn and Marty Ford
who coached the Shamrocks. There
was a fat salary attached to the instruc-
tor’s job at the City A. C., and the di-
rectors of that big club had been waver-
ing between Marty and Joe. It was
common gossip that they would offer
the position to the coach whose boys
made the better showing.

  The fifth bout was on. Each club
had taken two in the lighter classes.
Joe Dunn was at the ringside, crouched
down, chewing nervously on a splinter.
Each time a blow started he shifted his
head; each time one landed he seemed
to wince in sympathy. ... Go easy,
kid—box him! . . . That’s the way.
. . . Now—now the right—bring it
up. The left. . . . Again—one—two!

  Clang! It’s over..

  They’re back in their corners waiting
for the decision. Joe Dunn is wiping
his fighter’s face—telling him he made
a nice fight and it looked like he’d get
the duke.

  Then the bell clangs for silence. The
announcer raises his hand, waves the
judges’ votes.

  “Winnah. . . . Lutz!”

  The Third Avenue crowd howls.
They’re clapping at the ringside. The
Shamrock fighter comes over to shake
hands and grin and say it was a good
fight. And now two more are in the
ring and the bell is clanging again for
silence.

  “In this cornah, Fred Davidson of the
Shamrock S. C. . . . His opponent—
Dan Morgan. . . . Weights: Davidson,
one-fifty-nine; Morgan, one-fifty-six,
three-quarters.”
84

Fight Stories

  His opponent—Dan Morgan! The
echoes were singing in Joe Dunn’s
mind as he whispered in Morgan’s ear.
Dan Morgan—and it should have been
Bob Dunn! He shifted nervously while
the referee was giving his usual instruc-
ts ns in the center. Back in the corner
again he took the boy’s robe and whis-
pered to him in a voice that sounded
strange.

  “Make him mix it. Keep borin’ in
there and throwin’ ’em at him. Don’t
let him box an’ don’t let him tie you
up. . . .

  The ten-second buzzer . . . the gong!
Morgan went out of his corner fast and
Davidson met him quarter way. They
seemed to hesitate as they came to-
gether; seemed to be only a whirl of
flailing arms. Davidson gave ground
and Morgan drove him against the
ropes. Morgan’s right and left flashed
out—seemed to have him pinned there.
And then it happened.

  Even Joe Dunn didn’t see the blow
start, but he caught a glimpse of
Davidson’s right flashing up as the
Shamrock boy bounced off the ropes
and Morgan came plunging in with both
hands swinging. And Joe Dunn shud-
dered as that right went home. Mor-
gan seemed to stop suddenly as it
struck, then to wilt as his opponent’s
left sank below his heart. He sagged—
fell—and even as he went down his
right was set to swing again. But Mor-
gan’s right would swing no more that
night.

  They finally brought him around,
though, and he was able to muster a
grin when Davidson came to his corner.
“You won’t do that on me again,” Mor-
gan said. “I’ll get you next time.”

  Davidson laughed as their gloves met,
but somehow Joe Dunn couldn't. He
was thinking of Bob; wishing his kid
could take it like Morgan did. . . . Well,
that made it three all. Now it was up
to Snell.	■ •

  The Shamrock crowd was still yell-
ing. still making the Arena echo with
their joy at the quick knockout. The

beli was clanging vainly for silence but
they wouldn’t stop to hear the an-
nouncer tell them that the winner was
Davidson; time, one minute, seven sec-
onds of the first round.

  The Shamrock handlers were leading
another man in now, and Joe wondered
vaguely why Snell didn’t come. He
cast a hasty glance toward the aisle that
led to the dressing-rooms. The Sham-
rock man was in the ring; was sitting
down while his handlers kneaded his
muscles. Tough looking baby, Joe
thought to himself ; pretty cool and con-
fident for an amateur, and pretty old-
looking, too. Nice legs and well-mus-
cled arms. His beard was sprouting
out blue-black and his confident smile
was gold-toothed. Looked bad for
Snell. . . .

  Snell ? Where was Snell ? Joe Dunn
growled a hoarse order to one of the
seconds and the man scurried toward
the dressing-rooms. Joe bit nervously on
his splinter as the crowd began to shout
impatiently and clap mocking hands.
Snell should know better than to be
late. . . .

  Then some one was clutching his arm.
“You Dunn?" the man asked excitedly.

  “Yeah—hey, what’s wrong?”

  The stranger was pulling down the
aisle toward the exits. “Quick!” he was
panting. “Snell—hurt—wants to see
you. . . Quick!”

  They were running down the aisle
while the crowd stared in wonder.
Now they were downstairs and the
stranger was pointing to the little rub-
bing-room near the showers.

  “In there!” he gasped, and he fell
back as Joe Dunn darted in before him.

  “Snell!” Joe Dunn shouted, “Snell!
Where—” And he suddenly realized
that the little room was vacant. He
twisted about wildly and leaped for the
door just as the click sounded that
locked it.

  Joe Dunn was bewildered—mad. He
was shouting wild things as he hurled
his shoulder against the locked door.
Again and again he dashed against it,
Breed of Champions

85

bruising himself without feeling it, and
each time the wood hurled him back.
He picked up a wooden stool and beat
wildly against the panels, shouting as
he felt the door crack. Again he struck
and a white gash leaped up in the door.
Again . . . and again. And now the
panel splintered and he tore at the open-
ing with hands that didn't mind jagged
wounds. He jerked with all his
strength; almost fell backward as a
loose slab came free. Then his hand
snaked through and he turned the key.
He was running back to the ringside,
furious with silent rage.

  He burst into the Arena like a mad-
man ; had made three tremendous steps
down the aisle before he was conscious
of the roar that filled the place. Wildly
he stared around—up toward the yellow
glow which marked out the white can-
vas and the ropes in a square of gleam-
ing white. And Joe Dunn paused sud-
denly as if a mighty blow had struck
him. He gasped.

  For in that square of light two fig-
ures moved—and one of them was a
tall, yellow-haired boy with a very white
face. Young Bob! His son whom he’d
branded yellow!

THE stranger had no sooner led Toe
Dunn below than the cat-calls of
the impatient crowd were silenced.
From the opposite dressing-rooms
Wade Parsons came, and behind him
was a tall, white-faced boy with an old
robe draped across his shoulders. They
hurried to the ring, and Parsons whis-
pered with the referee. The judges
talked a moment. Then the gong sang
and the announcer was in the center.

  “In this cornah, Mike Grosso of the
Shamrocks. . . . His opponent—Bob
Dunn, who is substituting for Kid
Snell. Weights: Grosso, one-seventy-
five, one-half ; Dunn, one-sixty.”

  A buzzing whisper spread through the
crowd. Fifteen pounds difference—
Dunn was fighting out of his class!
Just a kid, too, and he looked whipped
already as he stood in the center listen-

ing to the referee. Then the buzz grew
to a deep hum as the ten-second horn
groaned; it grew to a roar as the gong
rang.

  They slid out to the center cautiously
and stalked each other for a moment
without attempting a blow. Grosso
feinted with a left and Bob Dunn
stepped back. Grosso snarled a laugh
and gestured him to come in and fight.
Another moment of sparring, with
both moving closer; then a sudden
shout from the crowd as they traded
rights to the body.

  They were in close now, their arms
moving like pistons. Glove thudded
against flesh. Grosso, head down,
stood toe to toe with the white-faced
kid and neither gave a step. Bob sank
a long left below Grosso’s heart and
stiffened his muscles to take the return
blow. But suddenly—out of nowhere,
it seemed—Grosso’s right swept up in
a fierce arc that ended with the kid’s
jaw. And as Bob dropped forward the
left crashed into his side.

  It was then—just as he sank to the
canvas—that Joe Dunn burst upon the
ringside like a whirlwind. He was
shouting but the sound was lost in the
maelstrom of the crowd. He clutched
at Wade Parsons, tried to tear his way
to the ring, but Parsons hauled him back
and scrcamed at him in return. It may
have been something that Joe Dunn saw
in Parsons’ eyes for a photographic sec-
ond—or maybe he suddenly knew—but
all at once they were quiet and their
eyes were fixed on the drama that was
out there on the white canvas.

  Five—the referee’s arm picked up
the timer’s count—six . . . seven—

  And the kid was up! He was on his
feet and Grosso was coming in with his
right drawn back for the kill. But be-
fore he could strike, Bob Dunn had
smothered him in a flurry of blows—
was driving him back to the ropes with
left and right, left and right, in a mad
barrage against chest and jaw and ribs.
Twice—three times Grosso drove his
right but the kid didn't seem to feel it.
86

Fight Stories

He was driving him back . . . back. . . .

  Joe Dunn didn’t understand; didn’t
care about understanding right then.
For he had seen the kid get up and take
it. He was in the ring automatically,
was working frantically on the boy try-
ing to tell him with his eyes that he was
sorry. And while he worked Wade
Parsons was shouting the kid's story in
his ear. Joe Dunn didn’t hear it all,
but gradually the idea began to dawn.

  He said, “Kid—”

  And then Parsons was pulling him
outside the ropes. The gong!

  Bob Dunn was out with a rush. He
smothered Grosso’s lead and tied him
up in the neutral corner. For Bob
Dunn had seen in his father’s eyes that
it was all right again. He knew in his
heart the words his father would have
spoken back there when the gong rang.
He tried with a short uppercut and
Grosso’s left flicked his face. Close!
Have to watch that.

  He weaved in again; took two jolting
shots to the body as he missed a long
one for the jaw. They hurt. He’d have
to catch that left before it landed. The
left . . . Uh!

  Seemed funny to Bob Dunn that he
was down. That one hadn’t hurt much ;
just knocked the breath out of him.
He’d get up without a count. . . . What
were they howling for? Couldn’t they
sec he was all right?

  There, he was up. . . . Something was
beating at his face and his stomach was
numb, but he had to keep swinging. He
had to show the Old Man that he could
take it. Left, right . . . keep ’em going!
Keep pilin’ in—don’t back up!

  He didn’t hear the bell; was only con-
scious that those gloves were no longer
whipping at him, and that he must cross
to his corner. He tried to grin at Par-
sons and his father, and now they were
working on him. Water felt good . . ,
their hands felt good. , , . Only one
round to go!

  Who is that guy talking to the Old
Man ? What’s that he’s sayin’ about
Grosso? He’s not an amateur, huh?

This newspaper guy has seen him work
on the Coast . . . tells the Old Man to
stop the fight. . . .

  Stop the fight I The words leaped in
Bob Dunn’s brain and seemed miracu-
lously to clear it. He drew an arm
across his eyes, shook his head. His
father was waving an arm at the ref-
eree to call him over when Bob reached
up a gloved hand to knock the arm
down. He turned on Wad Parsons and
his father and the newspaper guy, half-
arose from the stool, his eyes blazing.

  “Stop the fight?’’ he sobbed. “You'll
stop the fight? You will like the deuce
—I’ll stop it!”

  The three stared at him.

  “Kid—” his father began.

  “Gosh!” said the newspaper guy.

  And Parsons sort of gulped and
grinned and jabbed an elbow into Joe
Dunn’s ribs. “He’ll stop the fight!”
said Captain Wade Parsons.

  The gong rang before they could
snatch the stool from Bob Dunn’s cor-
ner.

  The kid wasn’t quite conscious of
what he was doing in that third and last
round. He only knew that there was a
man out there who must go down, who
must hit the canvas and stay there. He
was out of the corner and met Grosso
half-way with a right that he lifted from
the waist.

  Grosso countered swiftly, sidled back,
but Bob Dunn kept tearing in on him.
He forgot to box. forgot all the tricks
his father had drilled in him day after
day. Just punch, punch, punch! Just
punch and take it until something gave.
He felt blows but they seemed to come
from far oft". He knew he was tired
and it was becoming more difficult to
breathe, but it didn’t matter. Get in
there and take it!

  Now he was down. . . .No, he was
up again and his arms were swinging.
Sometimes he couldn’t see Grosso,
sometimes he couldn’t even see the light.
. . . Funny, but it didn’t matter. All
he had to do was keep swinging ’em.
Keep his gloves going. . , .
Breed of Champions

87

  Then the haze cleared and they were
close together. Grosso was snarling at
him—or was he laughing at him ? Grosso
was hitting him in the face and he was
piling glove upon glove against the face
of Grosso.

  Hit—hit—hit that face! Knock that
smile off of there. . . . Hit!

  And all at once the face disappeared
and Bob Dunn had stumbled and was
clinging to the ropes. Funny. . . . He
couldn’t get up.

BOB DUNN was all right, though,
when they got him down to the
dressing room. They were still roaring
upstairs; the sting of collodion was on
his lips and the burn of smelling-salts in
his nostrils. He was all right, though.

  His father and Wade Parsons and
the newspaper guy were there. They
told him how he’d knocked Grosso cold
with only twenty seconds to go—and
they said a lot of other things that made
Bob Dunn’s face red and made him say,
"Aw-ww!” But he didn't really feel
good until Kid Snell came in with the
rest of the gang.

   Joe spotted Kid Snell right off. “And

  what in the blue blazes happened to
you?” he wanted to know. “Where
were you in all the excitement?”

  Kid Snell looked a little scared. “I
was here all the time,” he said.

  “Here?”

  “Yeah,” said Kid Snell, pointing to
one of the lockers; “in there. ... I
was just gettin’ ready to go up, see,
when these two bozos—” he gestured
toward Parsons and Bob Dunn—“come
down an* said Bob was to fight my
fight.

  “I said, ‘Sure you are!—like so much
applesauce', an’ when Bob reaches over
to get my robe I swung on him. So we
got into it—an’ somethin’ must of hap-
pened—an’ when I come to I was done
up in towels an’ stuck over there like the
wet wash.”

  Joe Dunn tried hard to smother his
grin. He shook his head reprovingly
at Bob and Wade Parsons.

  But Wade Parsons wasn’t trying to
smother his grin.

  “I warned you, sergeant,” he chuckled,
“that Bob and I would do something
about it—and it looks to me like we
did!”

WHEN DEMPSEY TOOK THE COUNT

   One legitimate knockout was scored against Jack Dempsey, though it
is not in the record books. When Jack was training for the Bill Brennan
bout he engaged Jamaica Kid as a sparring partner. The Kid was big and
strong and could hit hard.

   They were mixing it up in the gymnasium when Jamaica let go a wild
right-hander that started from his heels. It landed flush on the button and
Dempsey went down and out. He was unconscious for ten minutes and
Jack Kearns was scared to death.

   When Dempsey was working out for Sharkey he had Tilly Kid Herman,
a veteran middleweight, in his entourage. Tilly made the same sort of a
faux pas, but his punch only rocked Dempsey to his heels. It wasn’t strong
enough to keel him over. Herman was promptly discharged by Leo Flynn,
wrho was handling the camp.

   This may or may not be a warning to sparring partners. You are never
supposed to hit the boss too hard. There is another angle to it, however,
and that is that a man in training must protect himself as completely as
possible against injuries which might lead to a postponement of his match,
or even endanger his career. He must, in brief, get all the work-out possible
without running too much of a risk. That is one of the many worries of
fight managers.
Famous Fights I Have

Seen

Ketchel and Papke

By OLD-TIMER

Ketchel was a fighter for you—a grim man with the tiger instinct; the savage,
slashing mauler with fury in his heart! Drama packed his life, as tragedy
ended it—and the ring has never seen his counterpart.

ONE of the most vivid pictures
the ring will ever show was
painted one October day in Col-
ma, California, when Stanley Ketchel
stood looking down at the writhing
ebony body of Jack Johnson.

  There was the greatest heavyweight
in the world, a wonderful boxer, a
clean, sharp hitter, a physical giant
whose more than six feet of perfectly
muscled bulk weighed two hundred and
ten pounds, struck down by a boy who
weighed fifty pounds less and was four
inches smaller!

  The fighting game has many black
spots against it—meanness, treachery
and greed, but it has its big moments,
too.

  And, to my mind, it will never have
a bigger one than came that afternoon
when Stanley Ketchel s smashing blows
88

dropped Jack Johnson to the canvas.

  The Michigan Assassin fought sixty-
two battles before a bullet ended his
career, at the peak of its glory. Fifty
of them he won by knockouts.

  Twice he was stopped. Once when
untrained and in wretched condition, by
a man whom he defeated on three other
occasions. And once by the huge negro,
who outweighed him by fifty pounds—
the man who became heavyweight cham-
pion of the world.

  There are several types of fighting
men.

  The one is the business man; the
clever, speedy boxer, who goes through
his entire career with an eye only on
financial reward. He is usually a dap-
per fellow like Benny Leonard, or
Leach Cross, who, when he retires, has
a fortune. The game is a business to
Famous Fights I Have Seen

89

him, with little of romance or adven-
ture in it.

  Then there is the rugged shock-
absorber, like Battling Nelson or Ad
Wolgast or Joe Grim—steel-ribbed,
hard-chinned young men, willing to
take a dozen punches to land one. They
aren’t craftsmen, or inspiring to watch;
simply bulldogs with unquenchable
tenacity and unbelievable vitality.

  And then there is the killer!

  He is the man with the tiger instinct;
the savage, slashing fighter, with the
lust of fury in his heart. There is no
fear lurking in it. He comes to kill or
be killed. And he has the power to slay,
the knockout punch that is deadly even
when he is battered and reeling and
blind.

  Do you remember Kid Lavigne in his
battle with Joe Walcott, the ape-man
from the Barbadoes? The Kid was lit-
erally slashed to ribbons. One ear was
hanging by a shred. He was bathed in
blood from head to heels. Yet he
stopped the fiery Walcott.

  Do you remember Terry McGovern,
with the senses knocked out of him by
that terrible hitter, Oscar Gardner, ris-
ing blindly at the count of nine to tear
in, utterly unconscious of what he was
doing, and lay Gardner in the resin at
his feet?

  Do you remember the classic battle
between Jack Dempsey and Firpo, the
Wild Bull of the Pampas, when Demp-
sey crawled back into the ring, stunned
by the frightful blow that had hurled
him out of it. and went raging into ac-
tion, knocking Firpo down time and
again until he had literally beaten the
resistance out of the huge bulk that
towered before him?

THE real killer is a comparative
rarity in the ring. In him must be
combined not only the will to do and a
merciless heart, but the sheer power to
accomplish his design.

  And not in all the long history of
the prize ring has there ever been a
more ideal man of this type than Stan-

ley Ketchel, the Michigan Assassin.

  They didn’t call him the ‘‘Assassin”
in merry jest.

  His real name was Stanislaus Kiecal.
He was a Pole; one of that rugged
Northern race, the hardships of whose
ancestors bred strength of bone and
muscle; high courage and ferocity in
battle.

  When he tore at an opponent you
might visualize that foe as a Don Cos-
sack who had participated in a pogrom
that laced the snows of Poland with
blood. It was as though the one thought
in Ketchel’s mind was to revenge the
woes of Poland on any man who en-
tered the ring with him.

  There is no “thrown” battle in the
Assassin’s record. He was a fighter,
not an actor, and he would not have
known how to fake a fight successfully.

  He was fifteen when he ran away
from his home in Grand Rapids, and
went out where the West begins. Fif-
teen—but a strong young fellow with
what the man in the street calls “guts.”

  For a while Stanley worked on a
ranch, punched cattle, but the monotony
bored him. Your killer of the ring lives
on excitement and action. He must be
moving.

  In 1903 he drifted into Butte, which
was wide open and humming. A tough
prize fighter named Kid Tracey had
won some measure of fame thereabouts.
Boxing bouts were popular, but Tracey
found some difficulty in getting any one
to meet him. He was too good for the
sort of opposition that could be fur-
nished in Butte.

YOUNG KIECAL was jobless and
hungry. Though only sixteen then,
he had been through more than his
share of informal fistic encounters. He
was unknown and inexperienced, but
the killer instinct was in his heart. So
he offered to fight Kid Tracey.

  The great man scoffed. He wasn’t in
the habit of murdering kids, he said.
But the price of beans in Butte was
high, and Tracey had to fight to live, so
90

Fight Stories

he condescendingly agreed to fight “that
Polack kid from Michigan.”

  It wasn’t a fight in the real sense of
the word. Stanley Ketchel, as the an-
nouncer presented him to the crowd—
being unable to master Stanislaus Kie-
cal—flew at Tracey like an unleashed
wildcat. Over swished his left hand,
the hand that was to become so famous
in American fistic history, down, down
went the pride of Butte, his nose on the
canvas.

  Thus began the career of one of the
most wonderful fighters that ever lived.
From then until the memorable Fourth
of July, 1907, only three men lasted the
limit with him, cagy old veterans who
clinched and clawed and did their best
to keep out of the way.

  And it was on that Fourth of July
that the fame of Stanley Ketchel really
began. His name was a byword in
Butte and Gregson Springs and Miles
City and Helena, but beyond that he
was unknown.

  The purses he earned were small, and
he liked fun. So when a dollar came
he spent it as recklessly as he fought in
the ring.

  It happened at that time that Joe
Thomas was booked to fight in Marys-
ville. Thomas had won the welter-
weight championship by knocking out
“Honey Bill” Mellody, and no one was
conceded a chance in the same ring with
him. The local men declined to meddle
with his game, so Jim Coffroth brought
the black-haired youngster as a sacrifice
on the altar of Thomas’ record.

  Sacrifice?

  Ketchel lacked then the knowledge
that was to come to him later, but he
was a killer then as always. Joe
Thomas' speed and ring-craft enabled
him to keep on his feet until the end of
the twenty-round battle, but he was
hacked and beaten and dizzy when the
last gong clanged, while Ketchel was
still fresh and able to go at top speed.

  No local favorite ever lost a decision
in Marysville, however, so the referee
called the slaughter a draw.

IT was Stanley’s introduction to the
tricky side of the ring, but it brought
him fame. No one in the East had ever
heard of him, but every follower of the
game knew Joe Thomas.

  So column after column in the sports
pages of the metropolitan dailies were
filled with stories and conjectures about
this unknown.

  Just eleven months later Ketchel
gave Billy Papke—who had scored sev-
enteen knockouts in twenty-four fights,
and had never been beaten—a frightful
lacing before an enormous crowd in
Milwaukee.

  When Referee Jack McGuigan held
up Stanley’s soggy glove at the end
of that ferocious battle, the latter’s
name was whipping over the wires to
every corner of the United States.

  This boy, who a year before had been
fighting before small-town audiences
for enough to give him a scanty living,
stood on the threshold of a fortune he
had never dreamed of.

  Stanley Ketchel was the man of the
hour—the greatest middleweight since
the days of Jack Dempsey, the Non-
pareil !

  No man of his weight—no champion
—has appeared since who compares
with him more favorably than a Mexi-
can diamond would with the Kohinoor.
He possessed the vital spark, the killing
instinct, the punch that marked him
then as a wonder. It developed with the
passing year.

  Had the bullet of a murderer not cut
short his career he would have been a
champion indefinitely. Certainly there
was 110 one on the fistic horizon when
he passed into the Valhalla of fighting
men who had a chance with him.

  I first intimately heard of Stanley
Ketchel from Jim Coffroth, who staged
the greatest fights in the history of the
West, and whose Mission Street Arena
was the real “Fives Court of America.”

  Coffroth had come to New York
from Milwaukee, where he sat at the
ringside during the first Ketchel-Papke
fight.
Famous Fights I Have Seen

91

  “No other man of his weight could
have beaten Papke but Ketchel,” said
Jim, “for he really is a wonderful fel-
low. Nobody but Battling Nelson
could have faced the licking Bill did
without flinching, and let me tell you
that this Ketchel is a merciless tiger in
the ring.

  “They told Billy to watch the kid’s
left. Everybody knew how powerful
it was. Papke rushed from his corner,
carefully guarding for that left—and
pop! quick as you could wink, the right
went over, and down he went. It hurt
him so that he wasn’t himself through
the rest of the fight.

  “Ketchell isn’t left-handed, you
know. I mean to say that he isn’t en-
tirely dependent on his left as Frankie
Neil was. He is a hitter from either
side, and an awful punisher, too. Why,
the first time I saw him I was on fo
that.

  “He was playing handball, and ordi-
narily a man plays strongly with either
his right or his left. Ketchel was there
with both, and T figured right away that
he was a dangerous man to box with.
Wrhy, they laughed at me when I
brought him down from Marysville to
fight Joe Thomas. They thought he
was a ‘job.’

  “Guess I figured hinvto a nicety, eh?
He’s an awfully decent fellow, too.
Not red-headed, as some of the papers
have it. His hair is black as a Spaniard’s
and he has dark eyes, too. Quiet, un-
assuming chap with few words to say.
No braggart, and never wants any the
best of it.

««TTE doesn’t need any the best of it.

  A A He’s the best drawing card in
the country today. There’s only one
who has a real chance with him. That’s
Jack O’Brien. 1 figure him the greatest
of all the fighters except Ketchel.

  “I was in Los Angeles when Tommy
Burns and O’Brien agreed to fake their
go. Jack didn’t train a lick. Burns was
working in a big pavilion, and the
crowds there every day forced him to

go at top speed, but O’Brien stalled,
knowing that the go was to be framed.

  “Three days before the fight we
drank four quarts of wine together.
Now you know as well as I do that any
man who is going to fight on the square
never drinks. Billy Nolan was to take
O’Brien, Battling Nelson and Abe At-
tell across the pond, and Jack was to
fake with Burns before leaving for
England.

  “At the very last moment bets were
declared off, and O’Brien fell back in
his corner like a dead man. He had
agreed to give Tommy all the money
and part of the betting. When he knew
that it was all off he had to fight on the
square and out of condition, and he put
up the finest fight you’d ever want to
see.

  “How was that for nerve?”

  Jack O’Brien was the master boxer
of his division then, a cool, crafty,
courageous man, who knew every trick
of ring strategy. Though he had been
in the ring for fourteen years he was
then only a shade over thirty, still in
the prime of his strength. He had
twice beaten Tommy Burns before that
“framed” bout in the West, and Burns
later became heavyweight champion of
the world.

  He was—as Coffroth had hoped—to
pit his marvelous skill against the killer
instinct and terrific punch of the
young tiger from out of the West.
And no fight in all the history of the
ring had a more dramatic ending than
the one that came with their first meet-
ing.

  They were matched for ten rounds in
New York.

  The East knew Jack O’Brien. They
had seen him in two hundred fights.
They had seen him beat sluggers like
Bob Fitzsimmons and Joe Choynski
and Joe Walcott. They had seen him
outspeed ring masters like Kid McCoy
and Jack Blackburn.

  What if this young Galahad was the
greatest fighter they liad seen on the
gold coast in years?
92

Fight Stories

  He wouldn't lay the weight of his
glove on Jack O’Brien!

  That was the verdict of the Eastern
experts.

  When the bell sounded for the finish
of that fight it interrupted the count of
the referee.

  A man lay stretched flat on his back,
battered into unconsciousness.

  Another stood in his corner, looking
down at his fallen foe.

  The man on the floor was Jack
O’Brien. The man on his feet was
Stanley Ketchel.

  If you look in the record book you'll
see the mystic symbol “no dec”—mean-
ing “no decision”—next to that bout, but
no cleaner knockout was ever scored.
Had the round lasted two seconds
longer the bout would have gone down
in Ketchel’s record as a knockout.

  For ten rounds O’Brien matched his
speed and cleverness against the fiery
assault of the western killer. But no
left jab could keep him away; no speed
could evade the headlong assault of
Stanley Ketchel.

  In that last round he caught O’Brien,
literally herded him to his doom,
smashing away with both hands until
the pride of Philadelphia went down
and out.

  Three months later Ketchel again
stopped him, this time in three flying
rounds in which O'Brien was continu-
ally on the defensive, beaten from pil-
lar to post and back again, frantically
and hopelessly bringing into play every
trick and stratagem that he knew.

  Let it be said to the honor of the
dark-haired boy that no other man, save
that mighty black, Sam Langford, ever
nailed Jack O’Brien. Langford did it
in Jack’s last fight after he had been
softened by sixteen years in the hardest
of all games.

  Don’t gather the impression from
what I have said that Stanley Ketchel
was merely a slugger, with courage and
the killing instinct of a tiger. With
those attributes alone he would never
have accomplished what he did. He had

instinctive ring knowledge and speed
and shiftiness, and no man of his
Aveight, unless it was that physical
freak, Bob Fitzsimmons, could strike a
harder blow.

  There was so much drama crowded
into Stanley Ketchel’s life that it is
hard to pick out the bouts that were
most crimson with the flare of it.

  The finest, perhaps, were his fights
with the “Illinois Thunderbolt,” Billy
Papke, his first meeting with "Philadel-
phia Jack” O’Brien, and his match
with Jack Johnson for the heavyweight
championship of the world.

  There were others just a shade less
so. Four times he fought Joe Thomas.
The first was the “Native Son draw”
already alluded to. Then three times he
beat the veteran, knocking him out in
thirty-two rounds, taking a twenty-
round decision, and then erasing him
altogether by stopping him in two
rough cantos.

  He knocked out the welterweight
champion, Mike Twin Sullivan, in two
minutes at Colma. Then Jack Twin,
Mike’s brother and buddy, took the
quarrel upon himself. Jack had been
recognized as the middleweight title-
holder, but Ketchel toppled him over
in twenty rounds.

  Yes, there was color and excitement,
indeed, to these bouts, but Papke,
O’Brien and Johnson were his foils in
battles that will go down as epics in
ring history.

  They were of entirely different types,
yet Ketchel fought his swirling type of
battle against them all. Each was at his
feet one time or another. Twice he
rocked Papke into dreamland, and
twice O’Brien was unconscious when
the last bell tolled. The giant Johnson,
too, was smashed to the floor by the
Ketchel punch backed by the Ketchel
ferocity.

  Neither Papke’s savagery of attack
nor O'Brien’s consummate ring gen-
eralship nor the vast bulk and clever-
ness of Johnson were entirely proof
against the killer.
Famous Fights I Have Seen

93

  Before his second fight with Billy
Papke, Ketchel became the victim of his
fair-weather friends. Then, a good deal
more so than now. the winner of a fight
was supposed to go out with the boys;
to ‘‘cut into the grape to show that he
was a good fellow.”

MANY a great ringman sang his
swan song to the popping of
corks, and the Michigan Assassin came
close to being one of them. He was
young, and liked life and gaiety and
laughter. He bad never known what it
was to have money before. Now his
hands were overflowing with it.

  And remember that, though he was
known as one of the greatest fighting
men in history, he hadn’t reached his
twenty-first birthday!

  He was only a boy, with a boy’s out-
look. The future was a vague, misty
thing, and he simply did not bother
about it.

  His training for the Papke bout was
a farce. He put no more intensive ef-
fort into it than Jack O’Brien had done
for the “framed” bout w'ith Tommy
Burns.

  When he climbed into the ring be-
fore that vast crowd in Los Angeles he
wasn’t brown and hard as he always
had been before. There was a sallow
tinge to his skin, a slight roll of fat at
his waistline.

  And he was facing a man who,
though not as great a killer as himself,
was a frightful puncher and the sec-
ond best middleweight in the world.

  When they stripped off their bath-
robes and stood in the center of the
ring listening to the referee's instruc-
tions, Stanley Ketchel looked at Bill
Papke, and for the first time really un-
derstood the task that lay before him.

  The Illinois Thunderbolt was as
“fine” as a man could be. The muscles
over his stomach stood out in straight,
hard ridges. Under his skin the huge
muscles crawled like living things. His
mouth was set like a trap. Stanley
Ketchel was the only man who had ever

beaten him, and he was determined to
die before the ignominy should be re-
peated.

  It wasn’t in the Assassin’s heart to
be afraid of anyone. Since their first
meeting in Milwaukee he had known
what sort of a man he had to face, but
the blandishments of his fair-weather
friends had convinced him that the task
would be easier the second time. It had
been so with Joe Thomas—why
shouldn’t it be with Papke?

  Standing there, waiting for the
brazen voice of the gong to send them
into action, Ketchel knew that he had
been wrong—that, in the poorest shape
of his life, he was meeting his most ter-
rible rival.

  They went at each other like a couple
of bulldogs. The Assassin and the
Thunderbolt came together in the cen-
ter of the ring, bending forward to
the attack. It was Papke’s right against
Ketchel’s left, and there w^as the thun-
der of Thor in each. Neither backed
up an inch.

  They smashed and hooked and ham-
mered. Each was shooting in his
punches straight and hard. Neither was
trying to block. Each was intending to
stop the other or be stopped himself.
Boxing was flung to the winds.

  And the crowd stood up and howled.

  The battle lasted twelve rounds, and
every round was a martyrdom for Stan-
ley Ketchel. Yet, battered, panting,
tired to the verge of exhaustion, he
hung to his guns with fanatic fury.

  He saw the Kewaunee man through
a red haze, but he kept shooting
punches from every angle. Few men
had ever lasted the limit with him, and
even now he didn’t believe that Papke
could.

  After every round the crowd dropped
back in their seats gasping. It seemed
impossible that the men could continue
at that clip, but continue they did—the
perfectly conditioned Papke and the
burned-out Ketchel.

  In the last, desperate twelfth round
the mob stood, the blood crv choked in
94

Fight Stories

its throats—tense, white as they saw
the greatest killer of the age go to his
doom.

   Thunderbolt Billy, a killer himself,
put everything he had behind his right
hand smash in that round. It caught
Ketchel squarely on the point, and he
went down, dazed, and bewildered. He
was beaten then—bloody, sick, but un-
daunted.

   He dragged himself to his feet, slack-
chinned, arms dangling, the blood
drooling from his battered face to meet
his inevitable doom.

  The crowd was howling now. It was
in at the death.

AND great as Stanley Ketchel had
been in his hours of victory; as
tireless on the triumph trail, he was
greater now than he had ever been.

  No towel was thrown in as a white
token of surrender for him. To his
mind there was only one way that a
champion could be beaten, and that was
by a knockout.

  And Papke, cool and merciless, ad-
ministered the coup dc grace with his
thundering right hand.

  Ketchel went down again. This time
exhausted nature refused to respond to
the spurring of his great spirit. The
referee counted ten over his prostrate
body, and his seconds carried him
mournfully to his corner.

  He had lost the middleweight cham-
pionship of the world!

  Yet it was destined that his con-
queror was to hold that championship
for the shortest time on record—until
poor little, war-torn Eugene Criqui
came on the scene to take the feather-
weight championship from Johnny Kil-
bane and lose it to Johnny Dundee
within two months’ time.

  The Illinois Thunderbolt won the
title from the Michigan Assassin on
September 7. On November 26 he
again sat in the corner opposite his
greatest rival.

   But he faced another man altogether.

  Ketchel had turned his back on the

white lights and gay companions. He
had gone off into the open, breathing
the clear air of the plains; purging his
system of the poison that had dulled it
before.

   His eyes were bright, his color high.
Once again he was the deadly tiger who
had strewn fistiana with the bodies of
fighters who stood between him and his
ultimate ambition.

  There are dullards who say that a
man never comes back.

   Stanley Ketchel proved that saying a
fallacy, indeed.

   This fight was as bruising and savage
and bitter as the other one had been.
But this time it was Papke who was the
victim. He was game and a terrible
hitter, and no man of his time, unless it
was Battling Nelson, could stand up
more staunchly under a frightful beat-
ing.

   But no man of living flesh and blood
could have assimilated the unleashed
fury of Stanley Ketchel that night. He
was a better man than Billy Papke. He
knew it, and he was there to prove it to
the mob that had howled joyfully at his
downfall two short months before, and
he proved it in eleven rounds.

   But luck refused to stay in the saddle
for Stanley Ketchel. A madly jealous
man shot him down without warning at
Conway, Mo., on Octobcr 15, 1910, ex-
actly a year after his epic battle with
Jack Johnson.

   He was then only twenty-three years
old, in the prime of his health and
power. There were no men in sight
who had the remotest chance of beating
him. His mind and heart were set on
another meeting with Johnson, whom
he was thoroughly confident he could
defeat despite the disparity in size.

   He might have.

   For to the killer like Stanley Ketchel
nothing was impossible. The tiger
doesn’t hesitate to do battle with any
foe—and no tiger was ever more dan-
gerous than the Michigan Assassin
when he crawled through the ropes
with the gloves on his mighty fists.
The
UNKNOWN
KID

By
E. R.
VADEBONCOEUR

They touted him as the coming champ,
but the “wise money” was on the other
fighter—and only the Kid knew why.

IF the Unknown Kid had had his
choice he would never have alighted
from the train where and how he
did. But a brakeman made the choice
for him, so he “unloaded” abruptly on
the right-of-way, just outside a tiny,
somnolent, country town, ploughing up
a generous furrow of cinders in the
process.

  The whole-souled jolting stirred
afresh, rather than diminished, his appe-
tite and when he pulled himself to his
feet the tall, gangling redhead steered
a course for the nearest farmhouse. He
ambled ludicrously along with his sham-
bling gait, his abnormally long arms
dangling nearly to his knees, his ham-
like fists swinging beside him, perpetu-
ally clenched and, apparently, grown
that way.

  The Unknown Kid didn’t know that

the farmhouse he picked for his break-
fast was the country training camp
maintained by Jim Maxon for his string
of boxers. Neither did he know that the
dapper, tricky little manager with the
drooping left eyelid was in one of his
jesting moods. So, when he volun-
teered to “do anything*’ for a hand-out
and followed Maxon down the lane to a
barn, he stepped into trouble up to his
ears.

  Before he realized it, the Kid was in
the cool, smelly half-gloom of an im-
provised gymnasium and Maxon’s
trainer, Spike Dugan, short, snub-nosed
and as redheaded as the bewildered Kid,
had taken him in charge and was tying
a pair of 12-ounce gloves on his huge
hands.

  Maxon beckoned a swarthy athlete
away from his bag-punching and led

95
96

Fight Stories

him over to the redhead.

  “Bo,” said he to the Kid, “this is
‘Battling’ Rivers. You’re going to take
him on. You look as though you had a
few laughs in you. If you make good,
you eat; if you flop, you don't. Go
to it!”

  The Kid’s knees sagged. Battling
Rivers! He made a break for the door,
but Maxon caught his arm and swung
him back, laughing harshly. Spike Du-
gan looked up into the redhead’s terror-
stricken face and what he saw there
areused his sympathy.

  “Aw, say, boss, I don’t think—” he
began.

  “Of course you don’t think. Dugan,”
Maxon interrupted him angrily. “You’re
just a sap. Come on, bo. Do your
stuff.” Maxon spun the Kid around,
placed a hand in the small of his back
and propelled him out on the floor. The
next thing the redhead knew something
thudded lightly on his mouth and his
lips went numb.

  The Kid was worse than frightened.
He was downright scared. His fear was
so obvious that Rivers had little taste
for his work and danced around lightly,
jabbing away with his left until the red
thatch bobbed like a cork, but pulling
his punches steadily until Maxon let out
a roar:

  “Get in there, Rivers!” he yelled.
“This is a fight, not a fox-trot. Quit
dancing and sock. Make him take it!”

  So Rivers opened up. He slipped
both hands to the Kid’s lean stomach in
a lightning succession of trip-hammer
punches and, as the redhead, mouth open
and gasping, doubled over with both
hands across his midriff, Rivers hooked
a vicious right, swinging his whole body
behind it. There was a sodden thud as
the leathern knuckles smote the Un-
known Kid fairly on the jaw and he
went down in a heap, dizzy, puzzled and
trying to figure out in his punch-addled
brain just what had happened.

  For an instant he sprawled there.
Then something stirred under his fiery
mop. A blind, unreasoning wave of

hot anger swept over him. He leaped
to his feet, forgetting fear, forgetting
pain, intent only on annihilating that
dark, scowling figure of torment before
him.

  What followed was highly unortho-
dox and, therefore, doubly amazing.
Rivers, smiling coolly, stepped in to meet
the Kid, but his smile vanished in a
breath. He found himself entangled
with a brick-topped cyclone, fighting as
no self-respecting boxer would fight.

  The Kid’s head was hunched, turtle-
like. between upraised shoulders. The
enormous hands on the ends of those
long arms were flying like thrown
sledges. And they were not swinging.
They were shooting straight ahead like
twin pistons in lunging, irresistible
drives.

  The redhead was upon his quarry be-
fore Rivers could sidestep or duck. The
Battler threw up a guarding left, but it
was brushed aside like a straw and the
huge fist, catching him high on the fore-
head, threw him off balance. As he
wavered another crashed through and
he staggered back, feeling as if his chest
wall were crumpled. Then he was en-
veloped in a rain of blows and went
down, badly hurt, his eyes slightly
glazed, his breath coming in labored
sobs.

  He dragged himself to his knees to
find the redhead looming over him, still
in his queer, turtle-like posture, his blue
eyes aflame, his mop of red hair bris-
tling. He heard Maxon's shouts:

  “Get up there, Rivers! Box with
him. Stand him off and cut him to
pieces. Flatten him for that!”

  Still kneeling, Rivers shook his head
to banish the mists. He inhaled deeply
and in a moment his eyes were clear and
he was on his feet, dancing away from
the redhead, who broke'into pursuit.

BUT this time there was a different
story. Rivers beat the Kid to the
punch and the old fear welled up in the
redhead’s breast. He retreated, but the
leaping, bobbing form appeared every-
The Unknown Kid

97

where and leaden, merciless punches
caught him at every turn. Twice he
fell, blinded, helpless, and when he
dragged himself to his feet for the sec-
ond time he was begging abjectly.

  “Don’t, don't," he moaned, covering
his face. Rivers stared, then dropped
his hands and, with a muttered “Yella!”
stalked across the floor, pulling off his
gloves. In an instant Spike was at the
Unknown Kid’s side, leading him to a
water pail, dousing his battered and
bleeding face and murmuring crude con-
dolences in his ear.

  And watching the gasping, blubbering
redhead through eyes that were mere
slits. Jim Maxon was hatching a colos-
sal take. The thing had been born in his
crooked brain as the Kid launched his
furious offensive. For a flash the scene
had been blotted out and Maxon was
back at another ringside, under a broil-
ing sun, with 30,000 screaming, shout-
ing fans in a delirious uproar as a red-
headed. freckle-faced giant battered and
crushed down a heavyweight champion
to enthrone himself as the most beloved
idol in ring history.

  Well did Maxon remember the little
procession that always wended its way
to the ringside when Red Bob fought.
There was Mrs. Bob, wearing her trim
blue jersey, and so small she could have
stepped under her big husband’s arm.
Always Mrs. Bob walked to the ring,
hand in hand with Red Bob. And on
Red Bob’s shoulder rode a tiny carbon
copy of the fighter. Little Bob was
four years old when his father became
champion and for two years he had rid-
den to the ringside for every fight. The
tiny mite had been born with a birth-
mark—a clean-cut boxing glove of red
in the palm of his little hand.

  Little Bob and his mark became a by-
word among fight fans and his father
and mother were completely wrapped
up in him.

  The day after the big fight the blow
fell. Little Bob disappeared. There
was talk of kidnaping, but no trace was
ever found. Red Bob hung up his

  P.—June—9

gloves. He never wore them again.
Somewhere out West the broken-
hearted champion and his wife bought
a ranch and retired to it. Their friends
saw them no more.

  That was the story that flashed
through Maxon's mind as the Kid ripped
and battered Rivers for one inspired in-
stant. It was in just that fashion that
Red Bob had waded through the tough-
est field of heavyweights in the world’s
history. Xo one had ever fought that
way before or since.

  And now this tramp, for just a flash,
had duplicated the old master's famous
crouching, lunging, furious attack. Al-
ready the scheme was taking shape in
Maxon's fertile brain.

  In half a dozen strides Maxon was
across the floor and at the side of the
Kid, lying sprawled out. his breath com-
ing in jerks, while Spike rubbed his
heaving stomach.

  “Rip off that right glove, Dugan,”
Maxon commanded, and, as Spike
obeyed, Maxon bent over, caught the
huge, naturally-doubled list, pried open
the ringers and examined the palm.

  “No callouses there,” he grunted.
“Typical tramp. I’ll bet he never
worked a day in his life. ‘Doc’ ought
to be able to fix that up in short order.”
Then, to Spike:

  “Fix him up and put him to bed in
one of the bunks, Dugan. Then come
into the house; I want to talk to you.”

  The scheme which Maxon unfolded to
the little trainer made him gasp, but his
protests only angered his chief.

  “Never mind the ‘buts’,” Maxon
snapped. “I don’t need any sap to ad-
vise me. You’ve got your job; now
do it.”

  And so, when Maxon left for town
that night, the Unknown Kid had a
home—temporarily, at least—for the
first time in his life.

  Once decided, Maxon wasted no time.
The next day a shifty-eyed, bald-headed
man arrived at the farm with a kit of
needles and a collection of pigments
and chemicals. For two agonizing hours
98

Fight Stories

the stranger pricked away at the tender
skin on the Kid's right palm. When he
had finished, the Kid’s huge paw was
sore as a boil and swathed in white
gauze, but under the bandage lay the
nearly-perfect outline of a boxing glove
in vivid red.

  In the next month, Spike worked a
near-miracle with the Unknown Kid.
Sawing, chopping and digging of deep
and useless holes hardened and dulled
the palm with its doctored birthmark.
Daily tilts in the gymnasium gave the
Kid a smattering of boxing fundamen-
tals and a superficial finish sufficient to
deceive a casual observer.

  The diminutive trainer gave his gan-
gling pupil much, but he couldn’t give
him heart. He convinced himself of
that reluctantly, for a real friendship
was developing between the oddly as-
sorted pair.

  And then Jim Maxon returned. He
summoned the redhead into the farm-
house, uncurled the clenched fingers of
the ham-like right hand, grunted satis-
faction and waved him out without a
dozen words.

  “It’s all set,” he confided to Spike
later. “Rivers is boxing Babe Barry at
the Arena a week from tonight. The
winner gets a crack at Williams for the
title and the place will be jammed to
the rafters. Every sports writer in
New York will be there and I’ve slipped
this bum in for a ten-round semi-
final.

  “I’m fighting him under the name of
The Unknown Kid. That’ll get them
wondering and when he stops old Joe
Levin he’ll have them talking their
heads off.”

  “But look here, boss,” Spike objected.
“Levin can still fight, even if he is get-
tin’ old. He’s a good main-bout draw
for any club and he’s never been knocked
out.”

  Maxon tossed his head impatiently.
“I’ll do all the figuring that’s necessary.
Levin and 1 understand each other, see ?
All you’ve got to do is follow orders and
here they are, so listen.”

THERE was a buzz of expectancy
as the big redhead strode down the
aisle to the ring, followed by Spike and
Maxon. The crafty manager had re-
fused to tell who the Unknown Kid
was. He had refused to discuss him
at all. No one had seen him; 110 one
could find out anything. Rumors flew
through the crowd.

  If there was a buzz when the Kid
entered the ring, when he left there was
pandemonium. Behind him Levin was
“cold” in his corner, spraddled across
the stool where his handlers had dumped
him after that spectacular second round.
He had cleverly worked the redhead
into one of his furious fits of temper,
then let one of the Kid’s punches land.
And the punch had dropped him like a
sack of grain—knocked out for the first
time in his long ring career.

  Maxon, with Spike, was through the
ropes even as the referee finished his
count and raised the redhead’s hand
aloft. They whisked a towel over his
shoulders, a sweater over that, a bath-
robe over all and before any one real-
ized what was happening the Kid, still
in his trunks, was in a car with Spike
and was hurried away from the club.

  The next day saw the beginning of a
smoke-up that was a monument to the
cunning of Maxon. With boxing
writers talking of the reincarnation of
old Red Bob and fight circles agog,
Maxon became suddenly inaccessible to
the scribes he usually sought out him-
self. For two days they speculated.
They re-hashed the story of Red Bob
and Little Bob, they told of the kidnap-
ping and the champion’s retirement.
Then Maxon allowed himself to be
cornered.

  “What, that bum? Nothing to it.
You guys must be crazy.” He coun-
tered their questions with just the right
shade of insincerity. “He’s just a tramp
1 picked up. Go out and talk to him
yourselves.”

  They did. They descended upon the
training camp and found Spike as un-
communicative as Maxon. From the
The Unknown Kid

99

redhead they drew little more. He in-
sisted he didn’t know his name. He
didn't even remember having any
parents.

  Finally they applied the acid test.
They pulled off his training glove, un-
damped the huge fingers and found,
cuddled in the saucer of his palm, the
boxing-glove birthmark.

  From that time on the build-up needed

110	nursing. The discovery of Little
Bob, given up for dead, unwittingly fol-
lowing in his father's footsteps, attained
instant fame as the greatest of all sport
romances. Photographers invaded the
camp. Old pictures of Red Bob were
raked from dusty files and, if they
failed to show sufficient resemblance,
enthusiastically wielded air brushes sup-
plied the deficiency.

  Overnight the Unknown Kid stumbled
blinkingly into the limelight. Jim
Maxon grinned knowingly but said
nothing.

  ‘‘Read the papers. They seem to -
know more about him than I do,” was
his stock retort.

  If you don’t think your hard-boiled
fight fan is foolishly sentimental, con-
sider the eases of Georges Carpentier
and Luis Firpo. Consider what they
accomplished on a capital that was nine-
tenths “color” and one-tenth ability. It
was on this generous gullibility that
Maxon played and things came his way
rapidly.

  Offers flooded him, but he scanned
all proposed opponents warily. Every
one with a real punch was turned down
without hesitation.

  At last the chance he had been seek-
ing came and the Unknown Kid—still
billed as such—climbed into the ring
against Lefty Moore in his second fight.
Moore, the logical contender for the
heavyweight championship, was a phe-
nomenally cievcr boxer, but a woefully
weak hitter and not too robust in ab-
sorbing punishment. His skill had put
him above the ruck and kept him there.

  Maxon reasoned that the Kid’s first
flurry of rage would brush aside Moore’s

powder-puff punches and crush him
down before the boxer had a chance to
get started. If Moore weathered the
first storm and slipped over a smart cuff
or two, the Kid would fold up. Maxon
knew all this and he staked the success
of his whole scheme on the fight.

  Pie won in the first round.

  Again the Unknown Kid was rushed
from the ring, his fatal weakness still
hidden, while a frantic crowd swarmed
the aisles, shouting and cheering for
Little Bob and fighting to grasp his hand
or pat him on the back.

  And so the stage was set for Maxon’s
big coup. Instantly lie accepted the
first offer of a tilt with Marty Johnson,
the title-holder. He knew it was to be
the end of the little comedy. He knew
the clumsy, timid Unknown Kid had not
the slightest chance of lasting more than
a round or two. He knew the redhead
would quit—if not actually knocked out
—the first time Johnson connected with
one of those pole-axing rights, but he
had nothing to fear for himself, no
matter how miserably the Kid might
perform.

  Never once had Maxon mentioned
the Unknown Kid except to deride him.
If people chose to think that he, Jim
Maxon, was lying, that was their own
hard luck. And his bets—those juicy,
sure-thing bets on Johnson—would be
deep under cover. He’d see to that.

  In the red barn preparations for the
big fight went forward busily. Like a
Trojan Spike worked with his protege,
prepping him for the slaughter, and al-
ways hoping that he might show that
vital spark of gameness that would en-
able him to go down in a fighting finish.

  His hopes were fruitless and when he
piloted the Unknown Kid through the
huge Coliseum to the ring he knew he
was bringing out a rank quitter.

  He grinned as he and Maxon fussed
over their man while the throng cheered
deafeningly, but his heart was sick. His
hand, resting lightly on the redhead’s
shoulder, detected a telltale quivering
as a new roar of cheers heralded the
100

Fight Stories

appearance of Johnson. He felt a dis-
tinct flinch and noticed that the Kid’s
lips were trembling as the champion
hopped lightly through the ropes and
dropped coolly to his stool.

  Spike steered his sacrificial offering
through the formalities. Then he and
Maxon slipped from the ring. He caught
a flashing glimpse of the Unknown Kid’s
white face as he went and he could have
strangled Maxon, who crouched beside
him. wearing his professional mask of
indifference.

THEN the bell! The “fight” was
on and it was a pitiful spectacle to
Spike, who knew what was happening
up there in the white light that bathed
the ring. Mechanically the Kid went
through the motions Spike had taught
him. This time there was no stinging
attack to lash the redhead into fury.
Johnson, sparring carefully, was feel-
ing his man out. A look of bewilder-
ment spread over his face. He ccased to
frown. He boxed carefully a moment
longer, then he smiled.

  Deliberately and with perfect timing
the champion feinted with his left, then
hooked his right at this ridiculous, shuf-
fling figure. The Kid staggered back on
his heels, then backed off. Like a sure-
footed tiger Johnson flew after him and
unleased a terrific, leaping right smash.
In his flying onslaught he misjudged
his distance and the punch glanced harm-
lessly off the top of the thick red
poll.

  Then a howl went up that rocked the
roof. The Unknown Kid was down.
He had slipped to the floor almost be-
fore the glancing blow landed and was
lying there, still and quiet.

   It was all so pitifully obvious that the
crowd was up on the seats, booing and
screaming, ‘'Quitter!” The referee bent
over as he swung his arm in the count
and barked sharply at the recumbent
figure. Under his verbal prodding the
Kid dragged himself reluctantly erect
at the count of eight. A vicious upper-
cut ripped through his half-hearted

guard and again he slumped to the floor,
just as the bell ended the round.

  Hauled to his corner, the redhead
pleaded for mercy. “I'm done,” he
wailed. “ 'At guy’ll kill me if I go out
there again. Lemme go. please. He’ll
kill me, I tell ya. He’ll kill me!”

  Now, it was no part of Jim Maxon’s
scheme to have the Kid quit in his cor-
ner. Things like that cause held-up
purses, gossip, investigations and other
unpleasant things. So Maxon talked
“Dutch” to the Kid.

  “Listen to me, you big stiff!” he
grated into the redhead’s ear, at the
same time raising the Kid’s water-
bottle significantly into view. “Do you
see this bottle? Well, I’m going to
cave your yellow skull in with it if you
don’t go out there when the bell rings
and take your medicine. Stick out your
chin and stop one. rhe sooner the better.
But you can’t dog it in your corner.
Snap into it!”

  The Unknown Kid did as he was bid-
den. Slowly, uncertainly, he advanced
from his corner for the second round to
be met by the dark-browed champion,
leaping across the ring to end the farce.
Contemptuously the title-holder jabbed
a rapier left in half a dozen lightning
stabs to the mouth and blood spurted
from the Kid’s lips to trickle down his
chin. He was looking for his chance to
drop and as a looping punch thudded
over his heart he folded his knees clum-
sily and went down on his face, quit-
ting cold.

  It was just at this point when, ac-
cording to Maxon’s scenario, the farce
should have ended, that two new actors
stepped in. Unnoticed in the din, a
huge old man, stoop-shouldered but
powerfully built, had upreared his bulk
from an isle seat and started for the
ring.

  A broad-brimmed black hat was
jammed down on his head and his right
hand clutched an umbrella by the middle
until the knuckles showed white through
the skin.

   His left hand was closed over the tiny
The Unknown Kid

101

hand of a sweet-faced little old lady who
walked beside him, so tiny she
could have stepped under his out-
stretched arm without ducking her
bonneted head.

  The couple reached the ringside just
as the Unknown Kid took his final
“flop,1'' just as the referee started his
toll. For an instant the big man’s eyes
swept over the ring, then he reached up
and out with the handle of his umbrella
and tapped smartly and steadily on the
ring floor.

  In one buzzing ear of the redhead,
flattened down against the mat, came
that imperative rapping, strumming hol-
lowly on the raised planking like a
pounded drum.

  “—three—four—five—” droned the
referee.

  Slowly the Kid rolled over and his
half-closed eye fell upon the leonine
head and shoulders of the tapper, rising
above the edge of the ring. The big
man’s blue eyes were pinpoints of glint-
ing steel. His face wore an angry flush.
And he spoke in a booming, big voice
that carried clearly to the redhead.

  “Boy,” he thundered, leveling his um-
brella at the Kid, “get up!”

  1 ‘—seven—eigh t—n i ne—”

  The Unknown Kid came up from the
floor. Why he did it he didn’t know,
but he scrambled to his feet in the nick
of time and swung apprehensively
around to meet the next assault. It
came in a leaping, bobbing, slashing at-
tack and the redhead began to wilt.

 From somewhere behind him he
heard that booming voice again:

  “Fight, boy, fight!”

  A nasty left hook, barely falling
short, scraped agonizingly across his
face. From deep down in the breast a
hot tide surged up, engulfing him in an
insane fury. With a perceptible jerk
his head dropped down, turtle-fashion,
bis shoulders hunched up into a protec-
tive cradle, his body swayed forward
and launched out.

  For just a breath that eternally
booming voice goaded him on, then it

was drowned in a vast roar, for the
crowd sensed the drama taking place
there at the ring. The supposed Little
Bob was fighting agaii. and old Red Bob,
miraculously appearing out of thin air,
was tongue-lashing him into a brick-
topped hurricane.

  And like a hurricane the Unknown
Kid went after the champion, driving
those crushing, piston punches. The
first caught Johnson on the right shoul-
der and spun him like a top. The second
thudded solidly, checking the title-holder
in midspin and sending him headlong
across the ring to slide to a stop with
his head hanging over the edge of the
platform.

  This time it was Johnson who was
saved by the end of the round. Gasping
through his wide-opened mouth, the
champion caught at the ropes, hauied
himself to a swaying, upright position,
then staggered to his corner as the bell
pealed a life-saving clang.

  Behind him the referee and a yelling,
joyous Spike grabbed the raging red-
head by the arms and dragged him,
kicking and struggling to his corner.

  And now Maxon, his face livid, came
leaping into the ring, elbowed Spike
aside and, pulling a bottle of smelling
salts from his hip pocket, swung it
briskly upward, ostensibly to give the
Kid an inhalation.

  Like a flash, Spike acted. His hand
lashed out, struck Maxon’s wrist and
the bottle, instead of discharging its
fiery liquid “accidentally” into the red-
head’s eyes, went sailing over the ropes.

  Came that great voice again:

  “Thanks, Spike!”

  Old Red Bob was in the ring.

  A big hand closed around Maxon’s
arm and propelled him from the corner.
Red Bob stooped over the panting Kid,
now half dazed and gazing dreamily off
into space.

  “Come out of it, boy,” he admonished
and slapped the flat of his big palm
smackingly across the redhead’s jowl.
The Unknown Kid came out of it with a
start to find himself staring at a wag-
102

Fight Stories

ging finger and listening to amazing
words.

  “Your old man’s talking to you now,
son,” the big voice was saying, “and I
mean business. 1 didn’t come two thou-
sand miles to find my son a coward. I:
you don’t march out there and flatten
that fellow, I’m going to take you home
and thrash you to within an inch of
your life!”

 Vaguely the Unknown Kid became
aware of a tugging on his dangling
glove. He leaned over and stared down
into what he thought was the sweetest
face in the world. Tears streamed
down the upturned cheeks of Mrs. Bob
as she stood on tiptoe to reach that
huge hand with both her tiny ones.

  “Bobby-bcy,” she pleaded, “don’t
make your daddy and me ashamed of
you. Don't be—yellow!”

  What happened in the third round is
ring history. The Unknown Kid new
from his corner, an irresistible savage,
when the bell rang. He met Johnson
in mid-ring and for just an instant the
two traded thumping, killing punches.

  Then the champion broke ground, the
redhead after him. A terrible right,
straight from the shoulder, crashed full
into Johnson’s face and he was cata-
pulted stiffly against the ropes. The taut
strands tossed him back in a rebound
to meet a pile-driving left squarely on
the point of the chin and, like a limp,
cloth figure, he collapsed in a heap.
There was no need for a count. . . .

MAXON went up the stairs two at
a time. He had confirmed the
bad news. His commissioners had placed
every cent he had given them and it was
lost, irretrievably. It was not in the
nature of the man to take his loss si-

lently. He was out to square accounts.

  Bursting into the crowded dressing-
room, he pushed and shoved his way to
the chair where the Unknown Kid sat
grinning happily. Red Bob stood by,
smiling proudly at the new champion,
while Mrs. Bob fussed busily over a
deep cut in the Kid’s cheek, and Spike,
chattering deliriously, pulled oft' the
soaking gloves.

  “Just one minute,” Maxon shouted,
confronting the big old man. “You’re
Red Bob; I remember you. Don’t let
this bum gyp you. He’s a faker and I
I can prove it. Look here!”

  Maxon snatched at the Unknown
Kid’s right hand, hauled it up into view,
uncurled the fingers and pointed accus-
ingly at the “birthmark.”

  “He took me in, too,” Maxon yelped.
“That mark was put there by a tattoo
sharp not six months ago. I can
prove it!”

  Before any one in the stunned group
could speak. Spike had crossed the floor
in a bound. His face flaming, he faced
Maxon determinedly for the first time
in his life, thrust his jaw forward and
spoke

  “Wrong again, you big stiff. That’s
the second time tonight. Now I'm
gonna tell you somethin’. When you
framed this deal you made one big mis-
take. You looked at the wrong fist!
Hold out your left hand, Kid!”

  The Kid held it out and there, redly
dim and dull but unmistakable, lay the
irregular outline of a boxing glove.

  “Ya see that, Maxon ?” Spike’s words
cracked as though they were flipped
from the end of a buggy whip. “I knew
that six months ago, but I didn’t tell
ya. ’Cause why? ’Cause yer just a big
sap!”

  Clenched fists and courage—the weapons of the he-man breed since the
world was young! You'll find action stories of these fighting men every
month in FIGHT STORIES. On the stands the 10th.
Iff JP*	©

Kcepinq

By JIMMY De FOREST

           Trainer of Champions

  Jmtny De Forest knows every phase of the fight
game. In his career extending over a period of
more than thirty years he has served as a match-
maker for various clubs, as manager of fighters and
as a trainer and conditioner. In this latter work he
is world-famous, having trained champions in every
class, including Jim Jeffries, Jack Dempsey, and
many others. Perhaps his most notable work was
his preparation of Jack Dempsey for the Willard

CONDITION is a word that has
many meanings, but when it’s
used by a physical trainer, it
means the state of health of the human
body. The study of condition and how
to obtain it is not only interesting, but
it is of the utmost importance, yet it is
surprising how few people begin this
study until they have lost their health.

  A few years ago I conducted a col-
umn of questions and answers for one
of the big metropolitan dailies, and be-
fore the column was a week old I was
receiving on an average of five hundred
letters a day. The surprising thing to
me was that I got these letters from
men and women of varying ages be-
tween eighteen and sixty years. Now,
I was prepared for queries from per-
sons in the forties, for that is about the
time of life when one begins to fail
physically. I mean that is the time when
persons begin to realize that they are
failing.

  But most of the questions had to do
with weight-reducing or building up. I

fisht, when Dempsey won the championship. In this
department in Fight Stories he will give you the
benefit ot his extensive knowledge on matters of
physical fitness. He will answer your questions, ad-
vi. you of correct training methods, exercises, diets,
etc. Young men who pride themselves on a clean,
healthy body, high school and college athletes, men
in all walks of life, in fact, may turn to him tn
these columns for help.

received so many of these that I finally
wrote an article on “girth control” in
which I told in detail a method of build-
ing up to normal weight, and a method
of reducing to normal. I was sorry
afterward that I did this, for it kept me
busy for a long time with a clientele of
correspondents who evidently believed I
had nothing else to do but prescribe
diets for invalid relatives and under-
nourished babies.

  It is not my intention in this article
to take up the matter of girth control.
I will go into that thoroughly in a future
article. I am merely concerned at pres-
ent in telling how good physical condi-
tion may be attained.

  The two things most essential to a
healthy condition, of course, are diet
and exercise. One must eat properly
to nourish the body and its glands and
organs, and one must exercise in order
to prevent stagnation. Sunshine and
fresh air are concomitants. You could
diet and exercise all you want, but if
you were encased in a compartment

103
104

Fight Stories

filled with foul air and without sun-
shine, you’d die very quickly.

  So far as diet is concerned, that is a
problem that must be worked out by
the individual. If you happen to be
overweight you must cut down on the
amount of food that you take every day.
I do not advocate the cutting out of
sugar, fat, starch or any essential food
entirely, for it is necessary for a person
to maintain a balanced diet, whether re-
ducing or building up, but to reduce you
must curtail the amount that is taken
into the body. I always have maintained
that it is better to under-eat—that is,
for an adult to under-eat—than it is to
over-eat.

  Recently I received the following let-
ter which is typical of many that I have
received. Perhaps it may fit the case
of some of the readers of this article:

Dear Jimmy:

   I am forty-one years of age; of late I have
been going through a set of exercises every
morning, which was advised by my doctor.
But I find that the slightest exertion tires
me. When [ was in college I was one of
the star athletes, having rowed on the crew
and played on the football team. I also took
part in track athletics, doing the quarter in
pretty fair time for those days. The doctor
told me I had been leading too sedentary a
life, and that I needed exercise. He pre-
scribed ten minutes a day. But I'm all in
long before I have exercised five minutes.
Do you think the exercise is too strenuous,
or what? Will appreciate your advice.

                       Sincerely,

William B. Walsh.

  If I had received a letter like this
ten or fifteen years ago, I would have
hesitated to answer it, because I never
liked to step into the picture when a
physician was on the job. But about
five years ago, one of the official medi-
cal journals took an editorial rap at my
writings when I published a series of
articles on diet, exercise and health for
one of the big news syndicates, saying
that it was a fine state of affairs when
great newspapers would publish such a
series by a “trainer of prize-fighters”
instead of getting a reputable physician
for the job, or something to that effect.

  I spoke to a friend of mine, one of
the most prominent medical doctors in
this country, and he laughed. “That
shows what that writer knows about it,”
said my friend. “You are doing a good
work, Jimmy. Far from taking the
bread out of the mouths of the doctors,
as this editorial veiledly accuses, you are
a help, for you bring people to a real-
ization that they should watch their
health.”

  I wrote a “sharp note” to the edito-
rial writer, and received an apology.
And now to get back to Mr. Walsh.

THE doctor is perfectly right, sir,
in ordering exercise in your case,
but he evidently counted on your co-
operation. There is a grave likelihood
that your heart may be slightly enlarged,
as a result of your early strenuous ath-
letic activities. From yqur letter I
guess that you must have ceased to ex-
ercise long ago. else the doctor would
not have ordered exercise for you, and
you wouldn’t tire so quickly.

  Now, all you have to do is grade the
vigor of your exercise. Don’t go at it
right from the start as if you were try-
ing to set a record. Exercise at only
half speed, and exercise only until you
begin to feel tired, then stop. Also,
alternate your exercises with a deep-
breathing exercise. That is, stop every
minute and take a few deep breaths,
enough to make you feel comfortable.

  In this way you will find that in a
few days you have gotten so that you
can go through the allotted ten minutes
of exercise without tiring:.

  Some years ago I formulated a rule
which I called the “heart exercise creed,”
as follows: “Rest completely as soon
as the exercise causes shortness of
breath, heart-racing, oppressed feeling
in the chest, or fatigue.”

   That I have found to be die best rule
for regulating exercise for any individ-
ual, regardless of age, sex or physical
condition. You can see that by follow-
ing this rule, even Mr. Walsh can easily
get in his ten minutes’ exercise a day.
Keeping Fit

105

His doctor told him to exercise ten min-
utes a day. But I am sure he didn't
mean for him to pile it all in ten con-
secutive minutes. My advice to you,
sir. is to follow your doctor’s orders to
the letter—exercise three minutes in the
morning, four minutes in the afternoon,
and three minutes in the evening. That
will make up the ten minutes, your doc-
tor will be satisfied, and you will be
greatly benefited.

  That advice applies only to Mr. Walsh,
but remember, a great many more hearts
are hurt by insufficient exercise than are
hurt by excessive exercise. The busi-
ness man of today is apt to pen himself
up in his office for months at a time,
neglecting to take regular daily exer-
cise. It is the exercise of today that
counts, not the exercise you took on
your vacation last year.

  Here’s a letter from a young man
whom I judge to be about twenty-five
or twenty-six years of age:

Dear Mr. De Forest:

  The other day T played a game of hand-
ball with a friend from the office in a down-
town gymnasium. I won, but it was a close
game, and right after it I collapsed completely.
I became deathly sick and had to go home,
being unable to return to the office that day.
I am young, and have been an athlete since
I was a kid. Only last summer I played on
a basketball team for two weeks, and you
know that’s as strenuous exercise as a fellow
can take. This collapse has me a bit fright-
ened. Can you advise me. please?

Sincerely,

William J. Bulger.

  P. S.—I have been working very hard for
the last three or four months. Do you think
I am being overworked? W. J. B.

  Now this young man has told his
whole story in that postscript to his
letter. He has been “working very
hard” and therefore has had no time
to take any physical exercise. After a
lay-off of several months he goes into
a strenuous competition, in which he
carries along after his heart has warned
him to stop. The game was close, and
because he is young he was able to force
himself out to the limit, only to have
the old heart chastise him when it was
all over for disobeying its warning.

THE only trouble was, Mr. Bulger,
that you piled too much ot a load
on to the heart; you drove it along at
top speed just a mite further than it
was prepared to go. Perhaps it was
not so very long after your luncheon
that you went into the game, and the
heart had not gotten a sufficient amount
of rest after going through the rather
arduous task of helping in the process
of digestion.

  At any rate, if you would apply the
heart exercise creed that I have out-
lined above you would avoid any such
unpleasantness. If you had merely
called time when you felt tired, and
taken a minute or two of rest, you
would have been able to go through
with the game without serious conse-
quences.

  But even so, after a long lay-off from
exercise, it is imperative that you do
not begin to exercise with a spurt. No
man should begin violent exercise of any
kind without some preparation for it.

  In conclusion, I want to say that I am
not advocating laziness in exercise.
Merely going through the motions does
not constitute real exercise. I regard
ordinary walking as no exercise at all,
any more than I regard ordinary breath-
ing as exercise. Why, eating a meal is
more exercise than either of these two
things, unless they are done with a bit
more vim and vigor than the ordinary
routine walking and breathing.

  If a person will step out briskly,
swinging the arms and stretching the
legs, exercising the call muscles and the
ankles and the toes, then walking is a
great exercise. But if one merely rolls
or lolls easily along, strolling listlessly,
you can see for yourself that there is a
slight motion at the ankle, a very slight
motion at the knee, and a slight motion
at the hips. The upper part of the body
remains almost stationary.

  So much for how to exercise. In my
next article I will take up the matter
of reducing to a normal weight in sci-
entific, healthful manner.

(Copyright. 192S. by .Timmy De Foroet)
FRAMED!

Champion at last! Fame and wealth within his grasp! Yet Peter Anson,
remembering a promise, turned down his first big battle. So they

framed him—I

THOUGH Peter Anson won the
heavyweight championship of the
world by stopping Tommy Cripps
in eight rounds, he continued to live in
a single room of a Flatbush boarding-
house. In this he was unique. Scan
the list of champions from Broughton
downward. You cannot name another
one than Anson who failed to make a
splurge following his ascension to the
purple.

  The new title holder did not stay in
Flatbush from choice. A cramped
room, with an outlook over backyards
festooned with clotheslines, was not an
ideal setting for one who loved the
open. Nor do meals served by board-
ing mistresses compare with the ambro-
sial concoctions of Scotti at the Ritz.
However, not having money, Anson
could not spend it. All he earned prior
to his title-winning tilt had gone to pay
the debts piled up by his father’s failure
and death. His end of the purse for
beating Tommy Cripps had been scarcely
large enough to cover training expenses.
106

  One golden spring evening, after
supper, Anson went up to his room,
pulled a chair over to the open window,
lit his pipe, and solemnly regarded the
landscape. It consisted of a variegated
collection of undergarments, drying on
lines, a brigade of discontented cats and
a colorful slice of sky. To the heavy-
weight champion of the world it was
more than that, for Marigold Havens’
window fronted his own across the
width of two yards—and Marigold was
the girl he loved.

  He was not thinking of his stringent
finances, for with “World's Champion”
tacked on to his name, that difficulty
would soon solve itself. He was puz-
zling over a most unusual promise that
he had given Marigold.

  Some one knocked on the door with
an energetic fist that disregarded the
thinness of the panels. At Peter’s invi-
tation to enter, a breezy man in a check
suit and fedora hat came in, apparently
suqDrised to find the champion in such
poor quarters.

By BILL BRITT
F ramed

107

  “Hello, Ted,” said Anson, recogniz-
ing the boxing promoter.

  In his characteristically brisk way
Ted Richards returned the salutation,
drew up a chair, and plunged at once
into the object that brought him there.
He offered Anson a fabulous sum to
fight Gunner Brown, the English heavy-
weight champion, and the only man in
the world conceded an even chance with
the big American.

  Peler listened quietly, and then de-
clined. The promoter was plainly
astounded.

  “But—but you can’t refuse,” he pro-
tested. “Two hundred thousand for
your end, and—why, I’ll even strain a
point, and make it a cool quarter of a
million.”

  “I couldn’t do it if you gave me one
side of Broadway from Forty-second
Street north.”

  “You’re not signed with some one
else?”

  “No.”

  Richards shook his head helplessly.
“Then I’m blessed if I see how you
can afford to turn me down. You
need money, and I know that you’re
not afraid of the Britisher. Come,
Peter, use a little judgment. Get yours
while the getting is good.”

  Anson wanted to. A purse of that
size would enable him to quit the game
—clean up the balance of his father’s
debt—marry—but he could not accept it.

  “Why won’t you?” demanded Rich-
ards.

  Peter said quietly, “I’m engaged to
Gunner Brown's stepsister. She asked
me not to fight him, and I promised.
And you can’t buy my word, you know.”

  Ted looked in the champion’s steady
eyes, and understood that argument was
useless. So he shook hands rather awk-
wardly, and went away.

  Peter leaned back in his chair, dead
pipe dangling in his fingers, and con-
jured up in the sunset a vision of Mari-
gold, with her thunderous copper hair
and blue eyes. Perhaps she might re-
lease him from his promise, but he did

not intend asking her to. He sat there
for several hours, thinking.

  A shrill treble piped through the key-
hole. “Hey, youse, in dere, wake up!
Here’s a telegram for y’.”

  “Bring it in.” called Anson, and an
impudent mite popped into the room like
a blue-clad jack-in-the-box.

  The wire was from Leslie Gribble,
President of Immortal Players, Inc.

    Will you accept two thousand
  dollars weekly on ten weeks’ con-
  tract to appear in photoplay to be
  produced by this company? If
  agreeable, wire acceptance to Film
  City office of this company. On
  your way IVest stop at our Chicago
  office, and sign contract with Mr.
  Mayer there. He has been in-
  structed to advance you whatever
  sum you desire. Report to our Di-
  rector, John Hallahan, in Film City.

                   L. L. Gribble.

  Anson creased the yellow slip in his
fingers, and smiled that slow, inscrut-
able smile of his. He scribbled an ac-
ceptance, and gave it to the boy with a
half-dollar.

IT was seven o’clock of a Southern
California morning, so perfect that it
thrilled even the hearts of Native Son
press-agents. At that hour stars of the
flickering film roll about beneath silken
sheets and curse the industry that makes
them rise with the chickens; dynamic
directors tear through breakfast with
one eye on the clock and the other on
atmospheric conditions; and “extra”
people, after inking frayed edges of
trouser or skirt, start off to haunt the
"lot.”

  Peter Anson, being none of these,
neither growled nor hurried. He
strolled out the Santa Ricoro Boule-
vard, wondering just what paces Di-
rector Johnny Hallahan would put him
through. More than one person who
did not know the champion turned to
admire the acme of physical perfection
108

Fight Stories

he represented. The sunburned tone of
his skin was darkened in comparison
with his blond hair; his shoulders were
broad, but not bulky enough to detract
from the tiger-like iitheness of his body.

   Early as it was, and peaceful as were
his inclinations, the champion had al-
ready engaged in one altercation that
morning—a sordid little affair with a
chap who lived with his brother, at the
boarding-house. Coming down from
his room, Anson found this fellow shak-
ing a girl. Peter seized him by his
beefy shoulders, and sent him spinning
away. The man flung out his arms in
a wild effort to retain his equilibrium,
then went down heavily. Anson looked
at the girl. The sleeve of her dress was
ripped sufficiently to disclose a purple
bruise on the skin.

   “Please go,” she whispered. So Peter
left them.

   lie thought of the affair now, as he
strolled out of Film City. Occasional
roadsters of violent color rushed by,
spurting up clouds of dust. They
were manned by ambitious directors,
chafing at the limitations of time.

  By this time Peter had passed the
pretentious rows of residences that
line Santa Ricoro Boulevard a mile be-
yond Film City’s limits. Their scramble
of architecture had merged into frankly
utilitarian buildings — the hangar-like
factories of canned drama. As a future
worker in this environment the cham-
pion looked about with interest. A sign
on one of the buildings informed him
that it was the business office of Immor-
tal Players, Inc.

  A moving-picture cow-puncher ar-
rayed in the conspicuous habiliments of
his calling lounged on the steps, rolling
a brown-paper cigarette with the fingers
of his left hand. He looked up—recog-
nized Anson from the pictures he had
seen in the papers—and nodded, not
abashed, as some fight fans are by the
proixmity of greatness.

   “Hello, Peter.” he grunted.

  “Hello. Can you tell me if Mr. Hal-
lahan is here yet?”

  “Yeah, Johnny’s in the office, chewin’
the fat with old Gribble. They’re most
probable framin’ up some pretty tough
stunts for you—the slave-drivers.”
“Gribble?” said Anson, hesitating,
with his hand on the doorknob. “Oh,
yes, he’s the president of the company,
isn't he? What sort of a chap is he?”
“You don’t know him?”

  “No. I have never had the pleasure
of meeting Mr. Gribble.”

  The cow-puncher blew a smoke ling
into the air, and watched it shred out
in the sunshine.

  “Gee, but you’re lucky!” he said.

JOHNNY H ALLAH AN, director-
in-chief of Immortal Players, Inc.,
shoved the advertising section of the
Film City Gazette across his desk into
the damp, pudgy hands of President
Leslie Gribble. The latter adjusted his
glasses to the bridge of his fleshy nose,
and read the item his editor pointed out:

  “Wanted: An Englishman, six foot tall,
over one hundred and eighty pounds. Must
be skilful boxer. Apply to John Hallahan,
Immortal Players Studio, Santa Ricoro Boule-
vard, City.'’

  “There, Leslie,” said Hallahan, “is
what you ordered—and look at the re-
sult. The waiting-room out there is
filled with ten tons of pork-and-bean
fighters, whose only knowledge of Eng-
land is that it’s the place where Joe
Beckett gets licked. Yet every one of
them will try to convince me that he is
still seasick from the trip over. It isn’t
such a bad idea to stage a picture with
the world’s champion as a star—but why
an Englishman for his opponent? Why
not a Siberian tennis champion or a For-
mosan crochet star ? I suppose you think
I’ve nothing else to do but pick out
slack-chinned Johnnies with buck teeth
and yellow hair.”

  If Hallahan’s asbestos hide could
have been withered by a look, Gribble’s
would have accomplished it.

  “You’re a good director, my boy,” he
said, “but you don’t know everything.
This is the first step in taking Mr. An-
Framed

109

son’s championship away from him.”
  “What do you mean?”

  “Just this: Gunner Brown is the
only man in the world with an even
chance of beating Anson—and Peter
won’t fight him. I don't know why,
hut Ted Richards called me on the long
distance and told me, and Ted doesn’t
speak until he is sure of what he’s say-
ing. Well, I’ve got the Gunner here in
Film City, all ready to go on with
Anson.”

  “You said Peter wouldn’t fight.”
“That’s where the idea comes in. I’m
going to send Anson out into the Santa
Catalina hills on location for a couple
of weeks. He hasn't a manager or any
friends to keep him posted about what’s
going on. You can see to it that he
isn’t in good shape when he comes
back.”

  “What then ?”

  “I’ll put up an arena, announce a
fight between Anson and Brown.
Peter'll go into the ring thinking that
it is part of the picture. And then the
Gunner can knock him for a goal while
we clean up on the betting.”

  The director scoffed. “There’s a
million reasons why you can’t pull off
anything like that, and I’ll tell you fifty
or sixty of them. In the first place,
Anson wouldn’t fall for it. In the sec-
ond, even if he was trimmed nobody
would take it seriously, because it w-as
in the movies—”

  “You’ll understand in a minute,” ex-
plained Gribble tolerantly. “I have
Peter’s signature on a contract to fight
Brown. Impossible? Not at all.
Mayer, in Chicago, arranged that while
Anson was signing for this picture.
The old substitution trick, you know.
As for the champion getting wise—not
a chance. This advertisement here will
forestall that. Brown will come in an-
swer to it, see? We'll hire him in front
of Anson—who never saw the Gunner
in his life. Do you think he would be
suspicious of a tramp extra-man ? What
if he does find out after he gets in the
ring? It will be too late then.”

  “By George, that's good!” said Hal-
lahan suddenly.

  "Of course it is. The stage is all set
now. Brown is waiting out there now
with the rest of the pork-and-beaners.
Here's his picture, Johnny. The Gun-
ner’s brother, who is incidentally his
manager—sent it to me. I’ve never met
them, you know. Richards and Mayer
have done all the work so far. Sweet-
looking baby, isn’t he?”

  A taffy-haired stenographer opened
the door. “Mr. Anson is here,” she in-
formed the duo.

  They went out into the waiting-room,
Gribble still clutching the newspaper.
There were a score of men, chiefly
prominent for bulging jaws and disfig-
ured features, sitting about. The ex-
ecutives ignored them, and rushed to the
door where Peter stood. Their greet-
ing was rather stickily effusive.

  Hallahan explained why the men were
waiting, and intimated that he waited
on the champion’s approval before pick-
ing one of them out. Gribble's eyes
were roving about the waiting-room,
and settled on a big, red-faced chap
with rather prominent teeth . . . Gun-
ner Brown, he knew.

  “You!” he said sharply. “What’s
your name?”

  “Curran, sir.”

  “You’re a fighter?”

  “Yes, sir.”

  “Weight?”

  “One hundred and ninety-five.”
“Good enough. What do you think
of him, Anson?”

  The champion looked at him sharply.
There was something familiar about
him. . . . Why, yes, he was the brother
of that chap who had been abusing the
girl at the boarding-house. However,
there was no use holding that against
him. The fellow probably needed the
job.

  “Oh. I guess he’ll do,” said Peter.
“He looks to be in top-notch physical
shape. Do you want to work with me,
Curran ?”

  The Englishman gave him an evil
110

Fight Stories

glance, then dropped his eyes. “Yes,
sir,” he said sullenly.

TWO hours later a number of big
touring cars hummed swiftly out the
foothill road. They contained the ac-
tors who were to participate in the pic-
ture, for Johnny Hallahan did not intend
that the time should be wasted. Anson
thought it peculiar that they were going
on location for so long a time, but, ad-
mitting his ignorance of the devious
ways of directors, said nothing.

  Their headquarters were half a dozen
cabins deep in the Santa Catalina hills.
The motors took them as far as pos-
sible ; then they continued 011 horseback.
It was far enough from human habita-
tion and pernicious newspapers to satisfy
even Leslie Gribble. There were to be
no messengers between Film City and
the location on which they were work-
ing in order to prevent the slightest in-
formation from getting to Anson’s ears.

  Then Johnny went to work. He had
mapped out a stunt picture that kept
them on their toes—hair-raising runs
through the brush and over boulders;
struggles on the very lip of the canyon;
rescues from the icy waters of the
stream.

  Peter Anson thoroughly enjoyed
every moment of it. He had expected
to spend a lot of time in the studio,
working under the glare of the Cooper-
Hewitt lights. Life in the open—the
exhilaration of strength-building effort
—and the spice of danger, added a
piquant zest to existence. Time flew,
and almost before he knew it the two
weeks were over.

  The exhausting work had tired out
many of the stunt actors, but it had not
injured Anson in the least. That both-
ered Johnny Hallahan. He decided to
stage an affair that would send the
champion into the ring in no condition
to fight.

  There was a steep path down the face
of the nearby canyon. Below it a swift
mountain stream hurdled over its rocky
bed, swirling in deep pools, and racing

over pebbly narrows. Only the soft
murmur of it came up, mingled with the
thresh of willows and the elfin music of
insects. The day before they returned
to Film City Johnny took the company
out there.

  “Were going to try a run down the
face of the canyon,” he said. “Peter,
here, will be in the lead, fanning old
Thunderbolt between the ears with the
butt of his gun. You want an oblique
angle,” he added to the camera-man,
“and shoot low. I don’t want much
above his head. When you get to that
point”—indicating a rock marked with
chalk midway down the steep declivity—
"Pedro’ll rope old Thunderbolt, and
bring him to a stop. Foi heaven’s
sake, get a little life into it! We don’t
want any make-overs.”

  Peter Anson climbed into the saddle,
his heart beating not a fraction faster
in spite of the narrow and frightfully
steep trail that faced him.

  “Ready! Action! Go!” snapped the
director. Anson touched Thunderbolt
W’ith his spurs, and the stunt-pony
started lickety-split down the trail, with
the posse pounding behind, yelling and
firing. . Pedro, the little Mexican va~
quero, was in the lead, circling his lariat
above Iiis head. When Peter came
abreast of the marked stone the coil of
braided hair snaked out and dropped
around his shoulders. It seemed to the
champion as though a mighty hand
reached out of nowhere, lifted him from
the saddle and dashed him to the ground.
Sprawling 011 his back in the whirlwind
of dust ne saw the other actors sweep
by; then pull up, and ride back as
Johnny yelled “Cut!”

  Peter Anson was bruised from neck
to heels, and his left wrist was begin-
ning to swell ominously. In his brief
experience in filmland he had learned to
“take a fall” as trick riders do, but this
had been so unexpected that he came
to the ground all bunched up. Thun-
derbolt—not he—was to have been las-
soed. He rose dizzily, spitting out a
mouthful of sand and blood.
Framed

111

  The doctor with the outfit examined
him, and found a sprained wrist, in ad-
dition to a score of bruises. Johnny
Hallahan was raving mad—or pretended
most admirably that he was.

  “The dumb greaser!” he shouted.
‘‘I’d like to feed him to the squirrels.
A dozen times I told him that it was
Thunderbolt he was to rope, and every
time he opened that silly mouth of his
and said, 'Si, senor.’ Then he lays you
out. Fortunately, we’re just about fin-
ished here, anyway.”

  “It is fortunate that I haven’t any
fights scheduled in the near future,”
said Peter grimly. “If I had I would
be an ex-champion sure as shooting—
and I can’t afford to lose the title yet a
while."

  The director averted his eyes. “Yes,

it is lucky,” he said.

WHILE Peter Anson was in the
Santa Catalina hills on location,
Gribble carried out every detail of his
plan. An arena that seated some ten
thousand people was built on the “lot”
of Immortal Players, Inc., and on the
day of the fight it was packed with
sweating, enthusiastic fight fans. Anson
was the favorite, of course, but the
flood of cash that appeared to back
Gunner Brown sliced the odds from two
to one to even money. That, in itself,
aroused hectic interest. Something was
in the wind.

  Gribble prowled around, uneasy as a
wet cat. His fat face had lost its
wonted color, and there were moments
when his hands trembled with nervous-
ness. He felt morally certain of the
outcome, but it was his spineless nature
to worry over every chance he took. On
the other hand, Hallahan was as cool
and debonair as if only a trifle hinged
on the result.

  “You're sure everything is all right,
Johnny?” Gribble asked for the twen-
tieth time. “If anything goes wrong
I’ll be wiped out.”

  The director puffed calmly at his
cigarette. “So will I—but nothing can

go wrong. Gunner Brown is a fighter
who can give Anson the battle of his
life, even if Peter was in pcrfect shape.
Just now our champion is in better con-
dition for the hospital than the ring.
You’ve seen Brown training. Besides,
he has a grudge against Anson. Peter
and the Gunner’s brother had a scrap
the morning we left for the hills, and
the Englishman had all the worst
of it—broke his arm, I believe, when
Peter knocked him down. So the
Gunner wants to clean Peter for
purely personal reasons. Nothing can
go wrong.”

  Anson drove up to the arena in
Gribble’s limousine. His wrist was
heavily bandaged and taped, and his
badiy bruised left arm was wrapped in
cloth. He had suggested that the box-
ing scene be held up for a day or two.
Ilallahan countered with the plea of
financial necessity. The company was
laboring under difficulties, and it would
strain them to keep the enormous mob
of extra people any longer than was
absolutely necessary. He pointed out
that the boxing scene would be no more
than a mild workout, anyway. So
Peter, always good natured, agreed.

  Now he paused outside the arena.
The immensity of it, the enthusiasm of
the mob puzzled him, and then, in an
instant, he understood that he had been
framed. Inside the stadium an op-
ponent was waiting for him ... a
good one, 110 doubt . . . Gunner
Brown ?

  Peter Anson’s lips tightened. He
had promised not to fight that fellow.
It would take the biggest sort of moral
courage to stand by his word in the face
of that crowd—but if Gunner Brown
was his opponent he would not fight.
Marigold held his promise. Only she
could release him from it, and she was
three thousand miles away.

  Johnny Hallahan came to the doo:* of
the limousine, but he did not look di-
rectly at the champion.

  “Who is this fellow I am to fight?”
asked Peter.
112

Fight Stories

  “You picked him out yourself. Some
tramp scrapper.”

  “I want to know, Hallahan. Do you
think that I am a blind fool? I can see
that this isn’t a moving-picture but the
stage setting for a real fight.”

  So, feeling absolutely confident of the
outcome, and knowing that it was only
a few minutes until Peter would find
out the truth, anyway, the director told
him everything that had happened.

  ‘‘You’re going to box Gunner
Brown,” he finished, “Gribble has your
signed contract, and if you welsh now
you’ll never fight again. There is a big
enough purse to make it worth while,
anyway.”

  “Not to make it worth my while,”
said Anson quietly. “I promised not
to fight Gunner Brown—and I’m not
going to/”

  Such a contingency had never oc-
curred to Johnny Hallahan. He threat-
ened. He pointed out that Anson would
be. irrevocably ruined if he refused.
Peter realized the truth of the assertion,
but his promise to Marigold was a bar-
rier that he refused to hurdle.

  At that intensely interesting mo-
ment the moving-picture cow-puncher
whom Anson had first seen on the steps
of Johnny Hallahan’s office, rushed up,
sweating profusely and out of breath.

  “I’ve been chasm’ you around like a
locoed cay use,” he panted. “Here’s a
telegram marked urgent, important,
rush an' all the rest of it.”

   Peter tore it open.

  “If you get the opportunity to fight
Gunner Brown do it. I release you
from your promise—more, am anxious
for you to get that bout. Dearest love.

M arigold."

  "How do I know that this isn’t part
of the frame-up?” asked Peter in his
quiet voice.

  The puncher grinned feebly. “I may
be dumber than a long-horned bull, but

I	know some things. I listened around,
and heard about this frame-up—an’ two
or three other things—so I took the

liberty o' sending a telegram to Miss
Havens. You can trim this Gunner-
pcrson. Go in and do it.”

  Peter Anson went into the ring, his
lips thinned into a hard line. He had
been tricked into .fighting for his title
when he was in better condition for a
doctor than a crucial battle. If he went
down to the canvas for ten seconds it
meant the end of his happy dreams. He
wasn’t going to lose if brawn and cour-
age could beat this mighty champion of
England.

  When the bell rang for the first round
Peter advanced to the center of the
ring. He had mapped out his plan of
combat. Battered as he was, it was im-
possible for him to sustain a long battle.
He must end it quickly if at all.

  His opponent circled around him, left
fist pumping in and out. Anson hurled
himself forward, and ripped into Brown
like a madman. The Englishman cov-
ered up, and retreated. The mob
howled, for Peter was the favorite, and
the super-cautious tactics of the in-
vader delighted them.

  Though able to hit only with his right
hand, Anson made that fist count. He
herded the Gunner into a corner, and
belted away like a madman. The title
was forgotten. He was fighting for his
future—for Marigold’s happiness.

  The Gunner huddled up his shoul-
ders, wrapped his arms about his body
and jaw, and sought to weather the
storm. As a championship fight it was
a farce—not the farce that Gribble and
Hallahan had expected—but exactly the
reverse. The crowd howled its execra-
tions on the vaunted fighting machine
from England.

  The end came twenty seconds from
the end of the round. Brown sought
to slip out of the corner and essay a
little footwork. Peter nailed him with
a savage hook to the jaw that threw the
Gunner back on his heels. The Briton’s
eves glazed; one arm jerked up in a
futile gesture of defense, then Peter
caught him with a savage blow that sent
him quivering to the floor.
Framed

113

  There was no need for the referee’s
count. Had each second been a min-
ute long Gunner Brown would have
been unable to drag himself to his feet.

TEN minutes later the moving-pic-
ture cowboy accompanied Peter
Anson into the latter’s dressing-
room.

  “I can’t understand it,” mused the
champion, caressing his sprained wrist.
“The Gunner should have been able to
trim me under these conditions.”

  The cowboy chuckled. “He might
have—but, you see, it wasn’t Gunner
Brown you fought.”

  “What!”

  “Listen. I got this story right. Re-
member the guy you licked at your,
boardin’ house the mornin’ you re-
ported to Hallahan? That was Gun-
ner Brown himself, who had followed
you there to keep a line on you. He

busted his wrist when he fell, an’ so
far as he was concerned the scrap was
off. But Brother Nat saw a chance to
clean up without hurtin’ the Gunner’s
fighting reputation. He took the Eng-
lish champ’s place himself. Easy enough,
wasn’t it? Nobody knew ’em, and the
fight was staged too quick for any
European sportsmen to get over. Nat
collected the money—gave the story
clearin’ his brother to the newspapers—•
an’ hiked for a train East. You’re all
set now, Peter-boy. I wired from the
ringside for Miss Havens to come out
here right away. After you’re married
she can tell you that she is sorry for
tryin’ to keep her stepb-other from
gettin’ trimmed. For that matter, you
can take him on when your wrist is
better—an’ eat up Ted Richards’ quar-
ter of a million. Everything’s fine,
ain’t it?”

  Peter admitted that everything was.

THE OLD MAN IN CLEVELAND

KID BROAD had a rich and exciting career. The Kid wasn't handsome and he
wasn’t clever, but he could put up a rattling good fight any time. He was
matched with a hard hitter one night—oh, an awfully hard hitter.

 “He belts me one on the jaw in the second round, see?” said the Kid. “Down I
 went, scratching canvas. I rolled over, an’ said to meself, ‘Get up, Kid, the old
 man in Cleveland ’11 read about this in the paper to-morrow.’ An’ I got up.

   “In the third he lands another one, and while I’m listenin’ to the referee, I said,
 ‘Don’t forget the old man in Cleveland. He’ll read about this.’

 “Durin’ the next couple o’ rounds I’m down half a dozen times, an’ each time I
 says, ‘You don’t wTant the old man in Cleveland to find out that you was stopped.’
 “Then in the sixth this bozo lets one go from his heels, and I didn’t know nothin’
 until I heard ‘eight,’ and found meself on me back. Everything was dark and
 wobbly. The old jaw felt like a mule had been beatin’ tattoo on it wit’ his hoofs.

   “So, I just rolled over, and said, ‘I don’t care what the old man reads. He takes
 too many papers, anyway.

   “An I stayed down.”

    F.—J«oe- -8
OF THE

Present Champions

Heavyweight

Gene Tunney

Weight 192 lbs.; height 6 ft., Vi inch; born
May 25, 1898, New York City

Light Heavyweight

Tommy Loughran

Weight 175 lbs.; height 5 ft.. 11 £4 ia.; bom
Nov. 29, 1902, Philadelphia, Pa.

Middleweight

Mickey Walker

Weight 160 lbs.; height 5 ft., 7 in.; bom July
13, 1901, Elizabeth, N. J.

Welterweight

Toe Dundee (Samuel Lazzaro)

Weight 147 lbs.; height 5 ft., 7 in.; born 1902,

Baltimore, Md.

Lightweight

Sammy Mandell (Samuel
Mandello)

Weight 135 lbs.; height 5 ft., 5Vi in.; born
Feb. 5, 1904, Rockfield, I1L

Junior Lightweight

Tod Morgan (Bert Pilkington)

Weight 130 lbs.; height 5 ft., 0 in.; born Dec.
24, 1904, Seattle, Wash.

Featherweight

Tony Canzoneri

Weight 126 lbs.; height 5 ft., 5 in.; born Nov.
6, 1905, New Orleans, La.

Bantamweight

Title has been iu dispute since Charley Rosenberg
outgrew class

Flyweight

Izzy Schwartz

Weight 112 lbs.; height 5 ft., 4 in.; bom 1904,
New York, N. Y.

ONS

PRESENT

Chronology

HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPIONS

1889	John L. Sullivan defeated Jake Kilrain
        in 75 rounds at Ricliburg, Miss.

1892	Jim Corbett knocked out Sullivan in
       21 rounds at New Orleans.

1897	Bob Fitzsimmons stopped Corbett in

        14	rounds at Carson City, Nebr.

1899	James J. Jeffries knocked out Fitzsim-
        mons in 11 rounds at Coney Island.
        N. Y.

1905	Jeffries retired, and presented the title

        to Marvin Hart.

1906	Tommy Burns beat Hart in 20 rounds

        at Los Angeles, Calif.

1908 Jack Johnson stopped Burns in 14 rounds
at Sydney, N. S. W., Australia.

1915	Jess Willard knocked out Johnson in
       26 rounds at Havana, Cuba.

1919	Jack Dempsey knocked out Willard in

        3 rounds at Toledo, Ohio.

1926 Gene Tunney beat Dempsey in 10
rounds at Philadelphia, Penna.

LIGHT-HEAVY WEIGHT
CHAMPIONS

1917	Battling Levinsky assumed title.

1920	Georges Carpentier knocked out Lev-

        insky in 3 rounds at New York, N. Y.

1922	Battling Siki knocked out Carpentier

        in 6 rounds at Paris, France.

1923	Mike McTigue beat Siki in 20 rounds

        at Dublin, Ireland.

1925	Paul Berlenbach beat McTigue in 15

       rounds at New York, N. Y.

1926	Jack Delaney beat Berlenbach in 15

       rounds at New York, N. Y.

1927	Delaney retired and McTigue was rec-

        ognized as champion.

1927 Tommy Loughran beat Mike McTigue
       in 15 rounds at New York, N. Y.

MIDDLEWEIGHT CHAMPIONS

1884	Jack Dempsey (the Nonpareil) knocked
       out George Fuljames in 22 rounds.

1891	Bob Fitzsimmons stopped Dempsey in

13	rounds at New Orleans, La.

1896	Fitzsimmons relinquished title. Claimed
        by Kid McCoy and Tommy Rvan.
        The title really lapsed until 1907,
        when Stanley Ketchel was recognized
        after beating Jack Sullivan in 20
        rounds.

1908 Billy Papke knocked out Ketchel iu
12 rounds at Los Angeles, Calif.

114
Champions of Past and Present	115

1908 Ketchel stopped Papke in 12 rounds at
        Los Angeles, Calif.

1910	Ketchel was killed and Papke again

          claimed the title.

1911	Cyclone Johnny Thompson beat Papke

       in 20 rounds at Sydney, N. S. W.,
       Australia.

1914	Thompson outgrew the class and Jimmy

         Clabby claimed the title.

1915	Les Darcy defeated Clabby in 20 rounds

        at Sydney, N. S. W., Australia.

1917 Darcy died'. George Chip was recog-
       nized as champion.

1917	A1 McCoy knocked out Chip in 1 round.

1918	Mike O’Dowd knocked out McCoy in

        6 rounds.

1920	Johnny Wilson beat O’Dowd in 12
       rounds at New York, N. Y.

1923	Harry Greb outpointed Wilson in 15
       rounds at New' York, N. Y.

1926 Tiger Flowers defeated^ Greb in 15
       rounds at New York, N. Y.

1926 Mickey Walker defeated Flowers in
       10 rounds at Chicago, 111.

  WELTERWEIGHT CHAMPIONS

1892	Billy Smith defeated Danny Needham

        in 14 rounds at San Francisco, Calif.
1894 Tommy Ryan beat Smith in 20 rounds
at Minneapolis. Minn.

1896	Kid McCoy knocked out Ryan in 15

        rounds at Maspeth, L. I., N. Y.

1897	McCoy entered the middleweight class

        and Smith again claimed the title.
1900 Rube Ferns won on a foul from Smith
in 21 rounds at Buffalo, N. Y.

1900	Matty Matthews beat Rube Ferns in

        15 rounds at Buffalo, N. Y.

1901	Ferns stopped Matthews in 10 rounds

        at Toronto, Canada.

1901	Joe Walcott knocked out Ferns in 5
       rounds at Fort Erie, Canada.

1906	Honey Mellody beat Walcott in 15

        rounds at Chelsea, Mass.

1907	Mike Sullivan defeated Mellody in 20

        rounds at Los Angeles, Calif.

1910 Sullivan outgrew the class and the
       title was claimed by Jimmy Clabby.
       . After Clabby in turn grew too heavy
       there was no recognized champion.

1915	Mike O’Dowd claimed championship,

         hut also outgrew it.

1916	Jack Britton claimed championship.

1917	Ted (“Kid”) Lewis beat Britton in

       12 rounds at New York, N. Y.

1919	Jack Britton knocked out Ted (“Kid”)

       Lewis in 9 rounds at New York,
       N. Y.

1922	Mickey Walker beat Jack Britton in
       15 rounds at New York, N. Y.

1926	Pete Latzo outpointed Walker in 10

        rounds at Scranton, Penna.

1927	Joe Dundee defeated Latzo in 15

       rounds at New York, N. Y.

LIGHTWEIGHT CHAMPIONS

1885	Jack McAuliffe recognized as champion.

1893	McAuliffe retired undefeated, and Kid

         Lavigne claimed the title.

1899	Frank Erne defeated Lavigne in 20
       rounds at Buffalo, N. Y.

1902	Joe Gans knocked out Erne in 1 round
        at Fort Erie, Canada.

1908	Battling Nelson stopped Gans in 21
       rounds at Colma, Calif.

1910 Ad Wolgast won over Nelson in 40
       rounds at Port Richmond, Calif.

1912 Willie Ritchie won on a foul from
       Wolgast in 16 rounds at Daly City,
       Calif.

1914 Freddy W'elsh outpointed Richie in 20
        rounds at London, England.

1917	Benny Leonard knocked out Welsh in

9	rounds at New York. N. Y.

1924	Leonard retired, and Jimmy Goodrich

won an elimination tournament.

1925	Rocky Kansas defeated Goodrich in

15	rounds at Buffalo, N. Y.

1926	Sammy Mandell defeated Kansas in 10

         rounds at Chicago, 111.

JUNIOR LIGHTWEIGHT
CHAMPIONS

1922	Johnny Dundee recognized as cham-

        pion. Tex Rickard created the class
        at this time.

1923	Jack Bernstein beat Dundee in 15

       rounds at New York, N. Y.

1923	Dundee beat Bernstein in 15 rounds.

1924	Kid Sullivan beat Dundee 12 rounds at

        Brooklyn, N. Y.

1924	Mike Ballerino beat Sullivan in 10

        rounds at Philadelphia, Penna.

1925	Tod Morgan knocked out Ballerino in

        10	rounds at Los Angeles, Calif.

FEATHERWEIGHT CHAMPIONS

1887 Harry Gilmore claimed the champion-
       ship, but outgrew.

1889	Ike Weir was recognized as the best

         featherweight.

1890	Billy Murphy stopped Ike Weir in 14

        rounds at San Francisco, Calif.

1891	George Dixon recognized as champion.

1897	Solly Smith defeated Dixon in 20

        rounds at San Francisco, Calif.

1898	Dave Sullivan stopped Smith in 5

       rounds at New York, N. Y.

1898	Dixon won on a foul from Sullivan in

       10	rounds at New York, N. Y.

1898	Ben Jordan beat Dixon in 25 rounds at

       New York, N. Y.
i 899 Eddie Santry knocked out Jordan in

       16	rounds at New York, N. Y.

1899	Dixon defeated Santry in 20 rounds

        at New York, N. Y.

1900	Terry McGovern knocked out Dixon

       in 8 rounds at New York. N. Y.

1901	Young Corbett stopped Terry McGov-

        ern in 2 rounds at Hartford, Conn.
1904 Corbett entered the lightweight class
and the title was claimed by Abe
Attell.

1912	Johnny Kilbane beat Attell in 20 rounds
        at Los Angeles, Calif.

1923	Eugene Criqui knocked out Kilbane in
        6 rounds at New York, N. Y.
115

Fight Stories

1923	Johnny Dundee beat Criqui in 15 rounds
        at New York, N. Y.

1925	Dundee retired from the featherweight
        class and Low (“Kid”) Kaplan won
        elimination tournament.

1927	Kaplan outgrew the class and Tony
       Canzoneri was recognized as cham-
       pion after beating Benny Bass in 15
       rounds at New York, N. Y.

 BANTAMWEIGHT CHAMPIONS

1890	George Dixon beat Nunc Wallace in
18 rounds at London, England.
Dixon entered the featherweight class
and Jimmy Barry was recognized as
champion after knocking out Caspar
Leon in 28 rounds at Lamon, 111.
Barry retired undefeated and Terry
McGovern claimed the title. He
knocked out Pedlar Palmer, the Eng-
lish champion in 1 round at Tucka-
hoe, N. Y.

McGovern entered the featherweight
  class and Harry Forbes claimed the
  title.

Frankie Neil stopped Forbes in 2 rounds
   at San Francisco, Calif.

1904 Joe Bowker defeated Neil in 20 rounds
  in London, England.

Bowker retired.

Johnny Coulon wras recognized as cham-
        pion.

1894

1899

1901

1903

1909

1910

1914 Kid Williams knocked out Coulon in 3
       rounds at Vernon, Calif.

1916	Pete Herman beat Kid Williams in 20
       rounds at New Orleans, La.

1920	Joe Lynch beat Herman in 15 rounds

       at New York, N. Y.

1921	Herman regained the title from Lynch

        in 15 rounds at New York, N. Y.

1921	Johnny Buff beat Pete Herman in 15

       rounds at New York, N. Y.

1922	Joe Lynch knocked out Johnny Buff in

       14	rounds at New York, N. Y.

1924	Abe Goldstein beat Joe Lynch in 15

       rounds at New York, N. Y.

1924	Cannonball Martin beat Abe Goldstein

        in 15 rounds at New York, N. Y.

1925	Charley Rosenberg beat Cannonball

       Martin in 15 rounds at New York,
       N. Y.

1926	Rosenberg outgrew class; title in dis-

         pute.

     FLYWEIGHT CHAMPIONS

1919	Jimmy Wilde recognized as champion.

1923	Pancho Villa knocked out Wilde in 7

       rounds at New York, N. Y.

1923	Frankie Genaro beat Pancho Villa in

       15	rounds at New York, N. Y.

1925	Fidel La Barba beat Frankie Genaro

        in 10 rounds at Los Angeles, Calif.
        Fidel La Barba retired.

1927	Izzy Schwartz recognized as champion.

A ROCK-’EM AND SOCK-’EM FIGHTER

BOBBY BARRETT has been knocked out fourteen times, but even up to
the day he quit the ring was a great drawing card. On the strength
of victories over Johnny Mealey and Oakland Jimmy Duffy, he was rushed
along too fast for his strength and experience—an error committed all too
frequently in the fight game. When just a raw kid he fought Lew Tendler,
Charley White and other leaders in their difficult profession.

   Barrett was a caddie-master at the Aronomink Golf Club in Philadelphia
before taking seriously to the ring. His brick red hair was a familiar sight
to the club members, and later became a flaming beacon to the fans who
loved a rock-’em and sock-’em, sure-enough fighter. For ten years he stuck
to the fighting game, meeting with more reverses than successes, but always
packing ’em in when he fought.

   There never was a better illustration of the power of the punch tuar? this
same Bobby Barrett. He never learned to box, never acquired the skill
which might have put him on the top of the heap, but the crowds came
just the same because they knew the odds were all in favor of a knockout
one way or the other. They knew Barrett would tear in with all he had.
They knew' he would fight furiously and dramatically to get over one of his
famous round-house punches, and they knew that if one of those punches
landed, his opponent would take the count.

   Even though the odds were against its landing, the possibility was there,
and that possibility alone tinged young Bobby Barrett with a glamor and
color that made him the box-office attraction he was.
  The Neutral Corner is the meeting place for all
fcght fans, boxers, promoters, readers, authors and
others interested in the red-blooded sport of the ring.
It is the department of Fight Stories wherein you

may air your views, ask questions, indulge in some
timely gossip of scrappers and spin a yam or two
put of your own experience. the Neutral Corner
is your corner 1 Make yourself at home in it.

A GREAT roar ascends as down
the aisle toward the ring come
the fighters and their handlers.
Men and women alike stand on chairs
in their eagerness to glimpse these
modern gladiators and acclaim them.
Up the steps into the roped arena they
go. A staccato banging on the bell. The
roar subsides. Introduction. Instruc-
tions. Again the bell—a single, sharp
stroke—and the fight is on!

  Struggle! Punch! Conquest! All
the drama of strength and skill packed
into thrilling three-minute rounds for-
ever provides an indefinable, unescap-
able. lure to countless thousands of fight
fans—those at the ringside, those at the
radio . . .

  Fight Stories will endeavor to cap-
ture the essence of this great sport, with
all its sidelights of drama and comedy,
all its manifold phases of human inter-
est, and put the result before you in the
shape of bang-up, gripping action
stories of the ring.

  The ring symbolizes struggle.
Struggle symbolizes life. Life, then, is
our field, with the ring its point of
focus—and what a whale of an interest-
ing point of focus it is, whether pitched

in a stadium, in a college gym, in army
camps, or aboard ship.

  So here you have before you the first
issue of Fight Stories. We hope you’ll
like it. Whatever your reaction, drop
us a line. Tell us what you like, what
you don’t like, what you want—start an
argument or two if you wish—for these
columns are yours.

 Advance information concerning
Fight Stories was sent to some famous
figures of the fistic world, and letters
and telegrams have been pouring in ever
since. We couldn’t get them all into
this issue, but here are a number from
men whose names you will readily
recognize:

  I believe there is a great field for the kind
of a mag-azine you are about to publish.
There are thousands of youngsters and elders
waiting for just such a publication. I am
looking forward with great pleasure to read-
ing the first issue. Good luck!

                   Gene Tunney,
   (Heavyweight Champion of the World)

  Your magazine called Fight Stories is a
corking idea. It will do the game lots of
good and will be of great benefit to the com-
ing young men. The game needs something
like this. Success is assured. Congratula-
tions.

                    James J. Jeffries,

(Ex-Heavyweight Champion of the World)

.117
118	Fight

CHAIRMAN FARLEY OFFERS
CONGRATULATIONS

  Heartiest congratulations on your new
magazine. I am sure the stories you will
present will be extremely popular with the
large public interested in that character of
narrative. I wish you every success and feel
that Fight Stories will be successful from
every point of view.

                  James A. Farley,
(Chairman N, Y. State Athletic Commission)

  Please accept my congratulations and best
wishes for success with your new magazine,
Fight Stories. A periodical of this type should
do much to elevate the boxing profession and
bring to the fore those boxers worthy of
public recognition. There is enough real ro-
mance and adventure surrounding the lives
of boxers who have risen from obscurity to
fame to make interesting reading not only
for fight fans but for all interested in the
phenomenal rise of any man.

              Humbert J. Fugazy,
              (Famous Fight Promoter)

WILL ELEVATE BOXING

  Your magazine can do much to elevate
boxing and bring the true facts as well as
the romance of the game before the public.
Boxing is a clean and manly art if properly
conducted and deserves a high place in the
sporting world. I wish you a world of suc-
cess in your new venture, and you can count
on me to co-operate at all times.

                    Paul Prehn,
     (Chairman of the Illinois Athletic
     Commission)

  You’ve a great field for Fight Stories. The
public never has been more keenly interested
in boxing than at present. I know you’ll
score a K. O.

               Tommy Loughran.,

(Light-Heavyweight Champion of the World)

A WORD FROM THE LIGHTWEIGHT
CHAMPION

  I think that a magazine of this kind is a
great thing for the fight game. It encour-
ages boys to take up boxing as a business,
and gives them the right slant and the high
courage to carry on. It also proves instruc-
tive to that part of the public who may have
the wrong idea as to the boxing game. I am
for it, and wish you all kinds of success in
Fight Stories.

                Sammy Mandell,
   (Lightweight Champion of the World)

       •

  I was pleased to learn of the plans for
your new magazine, Fight Stories. It's a
knockout of an idea. Best wishes and good
luck.

                    Izzy Schwartz,
     (Flyweight Champion of the World)

Stories

“SHOOT THAT LEFT!”

  George Bruce, author of “Shoot That
Left!” the novel in this issue of Fight
Stories, has an interesting background
on which to draw for his yarns 01 the
prize ring. He says:

  “Shoot That Left!” is the result of my
experience as newspaper man covering sport-
ing events for one of the largest newspaper
syndicates in the country. Sitting ringside
night after night at “star” bouts, soaking up
the atmosphere of the ring, knowing the
fighters, the heart-breaking unending toil that
is the lot of every pugilist seems to give one
a different slant on the whole game from the
slant it brings to the “fan”—the man who
pays his money at the gate and takes his
choice.

  I’ve learned how much a punch can hurt,
how much heart it takes to stand up under
the fire of a superior man and keep boring
in for more. I know what hanging arms and
heaving chest mean to a pugilist in the way of
agony—and many times, as I have sat in a
wooden chair looking up at a game stand
by a bo3r who refuses to “dog it,” I’ve thanked
my lucky stars that my part of the program
was to rap a typewriter for the edification of
the general public rather than take a chance
of getting my own jaw rapped by being one
of the parties to the rough house inside the
ropes.

  It's plenty easy for a sporting writer to
come out the next day and knock one of the
contestants. Had the same sporting writer
been in the ring and taken a few of the
“knocks” himself, his viewpoint would have
undergone a serious change.

  “Shoot That Left!” is a story of the ring.
It is a story that lives in the mind and heart
and memory of every boxer. It is his at-
mosphere and his world. The incidents are
all actual facts—insofar as the attempt of
Spike O'Toole and Sailor Madden to “frame”
Buster Martin through the mediumship of a
girl. It’s done—often! Still, “the best laid
plans of mice and men—”

  I hope all you resin rubbers will like this
yarn. If it strikes home I’d like to know
about it—it means that more will follow.

George Bruce.

JACK BYRNE WRITES—

JACK BYRNE, who wrote “Breed
of Champions,” that rattling good
yarn of amateur boxing in the current
issue, relates below a little incident that
provided the theme for his story:

  “Breed of Champions” is based on some-
thing that happened to me and is still very
real in my memory. It is based on the first
The Neutral Corner

119

time that I admitted to myself that I was
afraid.

  My kid idols were two uncles of mine. One
was heavyweight champion at his college, the
other was champion on his fleet. I thought
they were super-men, invinciblc, and I was
mighty proud to be able to say they were re-
lated to me.

  Then, one summer, one of them came up
to spend a couple of weeks with us. He
brought footballs and baseballs and all sorts
of sporting equipment with him, and he used
to spend most of his time playing around
with the kids in the neighborhood. One day
he produced his gloves and decided we’d have
some boxing lessons.

  What happened is much the same as the
story. He socked me one while we were
sparring and I took a quick dive. And I
knew that he knew I was afraid to take it.
So next day I did the only thing possible to
show him I wasn’t a quitter.

  I managed to get some of the other kids
.sparring, and then I boldly offered to scrap
a I’ttle with a chap who was plenty bigger.
Well, I look quite a beating but when my
uncle stopped it I was still piling in there
and asking for it. And I would have taken
a couple more beatings just to hear him tell
me again that he understood.

  I have always been interested in amateur
boxing because to my notion it is the finest
part of the fight game. It’s clean and whole-
some and it builds men. If you want to see
a real scrap with nothing in the bag just hie
yourself to the next series of amateur bouts
that hit town. You’ll find action and thrills
—and maybe laughs—that you can’t get any-
where else.

                       Jack Byrne.

COMING UP!

THERE’S a smashing assortment of
yarns in coming issues of Fight
Stories, to say nothing of the fact fea-
tures which include further instalments
of Battling Nelson’s life-story, another
article by Old-Timer under the title of
“Famous Fights I Have Seen” and that
helpful department of Jimmy De For-
est’s. ‘'Keeping Fit.”

  In “The Durable Dane.’’ Jack Kofoed
takes you through the mazes of Nelson’s
early career. You ride the brake-beams
with him from Hegewisch to Hot
Springs. You hope and sweat and battle
with him through a score of fights—
fights with Christy Williams, Adam
Ryan, Mickey Riley, Clarence English,
Spider Welsh, Martin Canole, Aurelia

Herrera, Young Corbett, and his first
engagement with Jimmy Britt. The
drama of his career unfolds before you
with the interest and reality of a motion
picture.

  As for any one who is interested in
conditioning—and who among red-
blooded Americans is not ?—there is
Jimmy De Forest’s own department.
De Forest is in every respect “a trainer
of champions.” His wealth of experi-
ence in putting fighters into superb
physical condition, from Jim Jeffries
down to Jack Dempsey, with countless
lesser luminaries in between, is now at
the disposal of readers of Fight Stories.

  Whether you are interested in box-
ing, or in maintaining a strong, healthy
body to withstand the rigors of our
American life, or in protecting or re-
gaining your health, De Forest stands
ready to help you with sound counsel.

EX-SERVICE AUTHORS

 Eugene Cunningham, the famous
fictionist who won several boxing titles
during his career in the U. S. Navy,
offers Fight Stories readers a unique
tale of the ring with a cow-country lo-
cale. He calls it “Unlucky Tiger.”

  Arthur J. Burks, whose “Referee’s
Decision” wras a feature of this issue,
comes through with another one of bat-
tling Marines in Haiti in a wow of a
story called “The Fight Before Christ-
mas.” You’ll like it.

  “Fist Proof” is the title of another
dramatic short story by Theodore Ros-
coe, whose name is well known to you.

  Jack Conway has a rollicking tale of
the theater and prize ring, while M. H.
Wallace rings the bell with a yarn called
“Right On the Button” and T. W.
Ford brings you right up out of your
seat with a novelet which is a sequel to
“Battlin’ Beppo,” the novelet in this
issue.
120

Fight Stories

THE BUSIEST FIGHTERS

WHO among the great array of
fighters from time immemorial
has fought the most battles, win, lose
or draw? Perhaps our readers have
some little-known information on this
subject. If so. send it in. It is gener-
ally known that Abe the Newsboy
claimed to have engaged in more than
a thousand combats, but Abe wrestled
as much as he fought, and there are no
conclusive records at hand to prove his
contention.

 Kid Beebe, who fought for many
years, and met some of the best feather-
weights in the game, seems to have been
among the world’s busiest fistmen.

  Here is a list of stars who Engaged
in more than two hundred fights each:

                                      Fights

Kid Beebe ........................612

 Johnny Dundee ................... 327

 Jack Britton ...................... 293

 Ted Kid Lewis ...................286

Young Erne ......................282

Harry Greb.......................258

 Sam Langford ....................243

 Young Stribling ................... 212

 George Chaney ....................201

 Benny Leonard ...................200

GAMENESS

  They say the difference between a
game man and a quitter shows when
they are knocked down. The game man
gets up. The quitter stays on the floor.

  This is not entirely true. Sometimes
it is a question of ability to assimilate
a punch rather than of courage. Bom-
badier Wells, the Englishman, was as
game as any one, but he could be
knocked out easily. He just didn't have
the resistance. Joe Choynski. with a
heart like a lion, felt a strong punch so
much in his legs that he could not con-
trol them.

 Both Wells and Choynski were as
game as Joe Grim and Joe Jeannette.
Yet Grim was knocked down thirteen
times in a six-round bout with Bob
Fitzsimmons and rose every time. Jean-

ette was dropped thirty-two times in a
finish fight with Sam McVey, but came
along to win out.

  No one could question the courage of
these men. But it must be remembered
that they had abnormal strength and
vitality, which Wells and Choynski did
not have. So the next time you see a
man go down on the floor and stay
there, don’t jump to conclusions and
question his gameness. He may want to
get up and be unable to do so.

LEVINSKY COMES BACK

THE comeback of Battling Levinsky
is one of the most interesting and
dramatic features of the past year’s ring
history. Levinsky, a smart, young man,
some time ago revived the light-heavy-
weight title and took it for his own.
He lost it to Georges Carpentier before
the Frenchman met Jack Dempsey, and
after losing a fifteen-round decision to
Gene Tunney in 1922 he retired from
the game.

  About a year ago Levinsky became
convinced that he could outpoint most
of the'rugged sluggers he saw in the
ring. He started out again and has been
surprisingly successful. Levinsky is
forty years old, but clean living and
proper training have kept his body in
perfect condition.

  He defeated Matt Adgie, a youth
who was known and feared for his
punch, and then went ten fast rounds
with Billy Stribling ; and though Strib-
ling had run up a string of knockouts,
he was unable even to knock the ancient
mariner down. Another of Levinsky’s
surprises was in fighting a draw with
Tiny Roebuck, a young giant twenty
years his junior and fifty-seven pounds
heavier.

  It just goes to show that the man who
takes care of himself intelligently can
retain his vitality and skill past the time
when athletic ability is supposed to fade.
The Neutral Corner

121

SAM’S WALLOP

SOME of the old-timers’ opinions of
other old-timers make interesting
reading. For example, Gunboat Smith,
whose “occipital” punch nearly ruined
jack Dempsey in the early stages of the
Mauler’s career, believes that Sam
Langford was one of the most devastat-
ing hitters of all time.

  “Sam was the greatest puncher I ever
saw,” says Smith. “For a week after
my first bout with him I could hang
my hat on the side of my head, there
were so many lumps. I didn’t need a
collar button, either, for Langford
raised one on the back of my neck.

  “He hit me on the top of the head
so hard that he knocked my tights clear
up to my chin, no kiddin'. If he was
around today and as good as he was then
they wouldn’t have to look for any logi-
cal contender. He’d be it.”

 WHIMS OF FIGHTING MEN

  Eddie Burnbrook, who won the Army
welterweight championship some years
ago and became known as one of the
hardest punching men of his weight
when he turned professional, is a curi-
ous soul.

  Eddie has scored more knockouts
than almost any other man in the game.
He hasn’t the hardest chin in the world,
and has been beaten more than once
himself, but no one ever questioned his
courage.

  His favorite pastime is crocheting.
No kidding! This slugging prize-
fighter would rather crochet something
like a bed-spread than do anything else
in his spare time. His home is full of
doilies and centerpieces and what-nots
that he made himself.

  No one can call him a sissy, though.
He’s far too hard-boiled for that. But
he is as amazingly skilful with the
needle as a painter with his brushes,
and is rather proud of his deftness.

THE UNLUCKIEST FIGHTERS

 T"VlD all you statisticians know that
 Spencer Gardner has lost more
 decisions than any other fighter in the
 game ? He had 42 verdicts charged
 against him, though in this he is but
 little ahead of the English feather-
 weight, Freddy Jacks, who lost 39 ref-
 eree's decisions.

The following table, showing some
interesting comparative figures in the
matter of lost decisions, does not in-
clude knockout defeats.

Lost

Spencer Gardner ......................................42

Freddy Jacks ............................................39

Bill Bey non ..............................................38

Young Joe Brooks ..................................37

Dick Lee ....................................................33

Curly Walker ..........................................32

Tommy Robson ........................................32

Arthur Hayes ..........................................32

Terry Martin ............................................32

Louis Ruddick ..........................................31

George Dixon ............................................29

Bobby Garcia ............................................29

Johnny Dundee ........................................25

Tony Marullo ..........................................25

ASK US ANOTHER

THIS department will undertake to
answer to the best of its ability such
questions concerning boxing and the
history of fistiana generally as may be
put before it by its readers. Just send
in your letters and watch these columns
for the answer. In addition, we hope
to make this phase of our work an open
forum in which everyone will feel free
tc partake. Just take your pen in hand
and let er go. We’re here waiting for
you—on the receiving end.

 All of which, fistically speaking, con-
 cludes our first round of editorial effort.
 We now retire, as gracefully as pos-
 sible, to our corner to await the bell
 announcing round two.
122	Fight Stories

FICTION TREATS FROM FICTION HOUSE

“QHIP me somewheres east of Suez!” Kipling wrote the slogan for every
O lover of adventure and the Out-Trails when he penned those pictur-
esque words in his “Mandalay.” But not all of us can gratify that yearning
to roam to the far places of the world, so we have to do our globe-trotting
and fight our battles in the pages of our favorite magazines. And even the
most adventurous-minded can get enough thrills from the June issues of
the Fiction House magazines—chuck-full of yarns of cowcamp and moun-
tains and Western ranges, of tropic seas and the frozen Northland, of
Africa's jungles and China’s mysterious depths, of cloud-high flyers in peace
and war. “It’s a FICTION HOUSE magazine”—the sterling-silver hall-
mark of action-adventure fiction.

  ACTION STORIES for June leads off
•with Yellow Guns, Jack Byrne’s rousing
Western adventure novel of three strange
partners who banded together in the cow-
town of Vigilante to buck the lawless six-
gun spread of Honest Dan Morgan. Albert
Richard Wetjen contributes another of his
famous Shark Gotch series, The Shark Shoots
It Out, a complete novel of the South Seas
in which the indomitable Gotch sets out to
tame Anea, the island that God forgot.
Walt Coburn, tophand cowboy-author, comes
through with Lights of Despair, the human-
interest yarn of a youth who returned from
No Man’s Land to Arizona, to get the men
who had made him an outcast. Other stories
by Arthur J. Burks, George Bruce, Theodore
Roscoe and C. A. Freeman, rounding out an-
other all-star line-up of action-adventure
authors! Action Stories out the first of the
month.

 LARIAT STORY MAGAZINE for June
presents an all-star, all-fiction line-up that
would be hard to beat. Eli Colter’s Hard-
Boiled Haig, a complete cowboy novel, leads
the spread. It’s the sort of fast-moving, ac-
tion-crammed yarn that makes mighty fine
reading. In it you’ll hear the grim bark
of rustler guns and listen to the glib tongues
of yarning punchers through bunkhouse nights.
Trouble on the Hoof is another of those
gripping, colorful little yarns of the cattle
range that Frederick C. Davis can write so
well. Two Bucks for Courage, by the Lariat
favorite, Jack Smalley, is the story of a
banty-leggcd little puncher who does his stuff
on the hurricane deck of a sun fishing bronc.
And these are only a few stories in a line-
up that includes such authors as Eugene Cun-
ingham, George Cory Franklin, Francis James,
Carson W. Mowre and Walt Coburn! Lariat
on the stands the fifteenth.

 AIR STORIES for June! A corking
bookfull of adventures of the sky-trails, led
off by George Bruce’s Ride 'Em, Airboy! a
stirring novelet of mile-high competition for
glory in a flying circus. Hazvk of the Sky-
Patrol, a gripping saga of the Northlands
and a flyer of the Patrols, by Francis James,
is the complete novel in the June issue. An-
other Gales-McGill yarn, by Frederick L.
Nebel, Birdnwn of Passage, appears in the

line-up. Ghost Control, a whip-stalling tale
of a flightless air officer, by Andrew A. Caf-
frey ; part one of a new serial by Thomson
Burtis, Phantom Wings; Sitting Pretty, by
Theodore Roscoe. Ending out the flight in a
new department, True Stories of American
War-Birds! Each month a true story from
the activities of an American flyer during the
war. Air Stories on the stands the first of
the month.

  WINGS for June carries a line-up of
real air stories, written by real airmen! The
Ghost Ship, a complete novel by George Bruce,
introduces the Scandinavian Air Hound and
Stubby Jenks, aerial detectives, who solve a
mystery which baifled the greatest city in
the world! Raoul Dexter, a new Wings
author, brings Wings of the Storm, a futur-
istic yarn of combat above the high seas. The
second of the Red and Doug series, Silver
Eagle, by Carson W. Mowre, appears in this
issue. No Man’s Skies, a tale of a woman
who fights men with their own weapons, by
Slim Hawkins; Flying Twins, by Frederick
C. Davis; Air Insurance, by Theodore Ros-
coe; and another Hangar Yarn, Lady Luck’s
Ace, by Bob Travers. Another true tale of
an American war-bird will appear in the
new department, True Stories of American
War-Birds. Watch for it! Wings on the
stands the fifteenth of every month.

 NORTH.WEST STORIES features in
the first June issue a big, complete West-
ern novel by W. C. Tuttle—Masked Men,
a smashing yarn of loot-trails and a road-
agent who wanted to go straight. In the same
issue there’s another story of Ananias Jones,
and Sheriff Bill Morton rides the Bitter Creek
range again in The Mark of Sheriff Bill;
other outdoor stories, too, by Miles Overholt,
DeHerries Smith, Tom J. Hopkins, and E. S.
Pladvvell. In the second June NorlhmWest
Frederick L. Nebel’s complete Northern novel,
The Red Coat of Tradition, leads the way.
Howard J. Perry tells another high-climbing
yarn of the tall timber; Miles Overholt, J.
Frank Davis, Kenneth Gilbert and Owen Fin-
bar are represented by their usual colorful
yams of the Snow Frontier and the Sand
Frontier. NortlfWest Stories on the stands
the 8th and 22nd.
IF YOU WERE DYING TO-NIGHT

and I offered something that would give you ten years more to live,
would you tako It? You’d grab It. Well, fellow*. I’ve got it. but
don't wait till you’re dying or It won’t do you a bit of good. It
will then be loo late. Right now Is the time. Tomorrow, or any
day, some disease will get you and If you havo not equippod your-
self to fight It off. you’re gone. I don’t claim to cure disease. 1
am not a medical doctor, but I'll put you In luch condition that the
doctor will starve to death waiting for you to take sick. Can you
Imagine a mosquito trying to bite a brick wall? A fine chance.

A Re-BulK Mm

  I like to get the weak ones. I delight in getting hold of m man
who has been turned down as hopeless by others. It's easy enough
to finish a task that's more than half done. But give me the weak,
sickly cliap and watch him grow stronger. That’s what I like. It’»
fun to me because I know 1 can do it- and I like to give the other
fellow the laugh. I don’t simply give you a veneer of muscle that
looks good to others. I work on you both inside and out. I not
only put big, massive arms and legs on you, but I build up those
inner muscles that surround your vttal organs. The kind that give
you real pep and energy, the kind that fire you with ambition and
the courage to tackle anything set before you.

All I Ack la Ninety Days

  Who says it takes years to get in shape- Show me the man who
makes any such claims and I’H make him eit Ills words. I’ll put
one full Inch on your arm in just 36 days. Yes, and two full
Inches on your chest in the same length of time. Meanwhile, I’m
putting liro and pep into your old back-bono. And from then on.
Just watch 'em grow. At the end of thirty days you won’t know
yourself. Your whole body will take on an entirely different appear-
ance. But you’re only started. Now come the real works. I've
only built my foundation. I want just 60 days more (90 in all)
and you'll make those friends of yours, who think they’re strong,
look like something the cat dragged in.

A Real Man

  When I'm through with you. you’re a real man. The kind that
can prove it. You will be able to do things you had thought Im-
possible. And the beauty of it Is you keep on going. Your deep,
full chest breathes in rich, pure air. stimulating your blood and
making you just bubble over with vim and vitality. Your huge
square shoulders nml your massive muscular arms have that craving
for exercise of a regular he-man. You have the flash to vour eve
and the pep to your step that will make you admired and sought
after, both In business and social worlds.

   Tills Is no Idle prattle, follows. If you doubt me, make me prove
It. Go ahead, I like it. I have already done this for thousands of
others and my records aro unchallenged. What I hav» done for
them, I will do for you. Come, then, for time flies and every day
couuts. Let this very day be the beginning of new life to you.

Send for My New 64 Page Book

“Muscular Development”—It Is Free

It contains over four dozen full-size photorroptas of	and xomt of tho

many prtze-winntnR: pupils I have trained. Some of thdao came to me aa pltlfol
weaklings, imploring me to help them. l,ook thorn over novr and you will marr«|
at thoir preaent nhyBiquca. It will thrill yon through and through. Por the sake
or your nature 'iI’n nnd happiness do not pat it off. Send today—rlebt now be-
fore yoD turn thin psk*.

Earle E. Uoderman. Dept. 4706	305 Broadway, New York Citj

De*r Sir: Please send me, free Rod without any obligation oo my part wh»t«T»rj
a copy of your latest book, "Muscular Development."

Name .........................................................

Street ..........................................................

City .................................. State..................

(PUomb writ* or print plainly.)

“I’m going to raise
his salary”

      *Tvb had my eye on him for some
      time and I know he can handle big-
      ger work.

      “He studies those I.C.S. text-
      books every chance he gets, and I
      want to tell you it has made him a
      valuable man for this business.

       “I’m going to raise his salary and
       give him that new job we were talk-
       ing about. I wish we had more men
       like him/* ■

       How do you gtand when your employer check*
  up his men for promotion? Does he pass you by as
  just s routine worker, or does he think of you as
  a man who is ambitious to get ahead? Won’t yoa
  be far more likely to get the promotion if he knows
  you are studying at home ana are really preparing
  yourself to handle bigger work?

        Think it over. Then act. It takes only a moment
  to mark and mail the coupon and find what the
  International Correspondence Schools can do for yotij
  yet that one simple little step may be the means ol
  changing your whole life. “Do it now.”

Mail Coupon for Free Booklet
—» — i ■■ — — _— — 11 ■—.

      INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

"The Universal University”

Box 4178, Seranton, Penna.

  Without coat or obligation, ploaee Bead me a copy of your book-
  let, ‘‘Who Win* and Why,” and full particulars about the subjeo*
  before which 1 have marked X In the liat below:

BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES

  □	industrial Management	□ Advertising

  □	Personnel Management	□ Business Correspondence

  □	Traffic Management	□ Show Card and Sign Letterinf

  □	Accounting and C. P. A,	□ Stenography and Typing

 Coaching	□ English

 0	Cost Accounting	□ Civil Service

 □	Bookkeeping	Q Hallway Mall Clerk

 □	Secretarial Work	□ Common School Subject*

 □	Spanish □ Frew!*	0 High Sehool Subjects

 □	Salesmanship	O Illustrating □ Cartooning

      TECHNICAL AMO INDUSTRIAL COURSES
 J Electrical Engineering	0Arehitect

  1 Electric Lighting	□Architects' Blueprint*

  1 Mechanical Enginoer	OCentractor and Builder

  {Mechanical Draftsman	0Architectural Draftsman

  j Machine Shop Practice	0 Concrete Builder

  I Railroad Positions	0 Structural Engineer

 I Gag Engine Operating	0 Chemistry □ Pharmacy

 I Civil Engineer	0 Automobile Work

  I Surveying and Mapping	Q Airplane Engines

  1 Metallurgy and Mining	□ Agriculture □ Navlgatlen

 1 Steam Engineering	UMathematics	□ Kadlo

Same...................................................................................

Street Address......................................................................

City................................................................State...................

Occupation............................................................................................

Persons residing in Canada should send this coupon to the Interna-
tional Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal, Canada

June

Please mention Fiction House Gkoup when answering advertisements

123
abaetnHabit

BMW

■ Let Us Help You

I

I

      No craving for tobacco in any
   form after you begin taking Tobacco ^
   Redeemer. Don’t try to quit the tobacco

     habit unaided. It's often a losing: fight against heavy
     odds and may mean a serious shock to the nervous
     •yitera. Let us help the tobacco habit to quit YOU.
     It will quit you, if you will just take Tobacco Re-
     deemer according to directions. It is marvelously
     quick and thoroughly reliable.

   Not a Substitute

Tobacco Redeemer contains no habit-forming
drugs of any kind. It is in no sense a substitute
for tobacco. After finishing the treatment you
have absolutely no desire to use tobacco again or
to continue the use of the remedy. It makes not

•	particle of difference how long yoa have been
□sing tobacco, how much you use or in what form
you use it—whether you smoke cigars, cigarettes,
pips, chew plug or fine cut or use snuff. Tobacco
Redeemer will positively remove all craving for
tobacco in any form in a few days. This we abso-
lutely guarantee in every case or money refunded.

        Write today for our free booklet showing the
    deadly effect of tobacco upon the human system
    and positive proof that Tobacco Redeemer will
    aaickly free you of the habit.

     Newell Pharmacal Company,

   Oept. 850 Clayton Station St. Louis, Mo.

I

I

I

I

I

I

PILES

    Soothed, healed
        without operation

      Unguentine Pile Cones soothe
      the pain, stop itching, bleeding.
      Approved by physicians. Same
      healing powers as Unguentine,
      standard dressing for burns.
      At your druggist’s, 75c. Or send
      for trial FREE. Write today!
      The Norwich Pharma-
      cal Co., Norwich, N.Y.

FREE

Let Us Help You
QUIT TOBACCO

      We give free information how to
      conquer the tobacco habit easily.
      Permanent results guaranteed.

And-Tobacco League, ooJha.^ab.

ORRECT
your NOSE

to perfect shape while you sleep.
Anita Nose Adjuster guarantees
SAFE, rapid, permanent results.
Age no obstacle. Painless. 60,000
doctors and users praise it. Gold
Medal Winner. Write for FREE
__ Booklet which tells how.

FREE V- 4« ANITA COMPANY .
TRIAL	IB ®20 Anita Building. Newark, N.J.

  A Baby in Your Home

   Doctor's Prescription Sent Free

Hundreds of married
women, childless for
years, suddenly And*
themselves In a state of
the most blissful antici-
pation due to the in-
fl u e n c e of a
doctor’s most
wonderful pro-
scription that
overcomes ste-
rility due to
functional
weakneas. Mrs.
A. G. Smith,
1712 Kentucky
St., Lawrence,
Kans., say8: "I
now have the
sweetest little baby girl and am sure
It was Dr. Elders' prescription that
made It possible. I didn’t think I’d ever
have a baby.” Every married couple
who really want children should write
at once enclosing: 10 cents for packing
and postage for this prescription to-
gether with an invaluable book ol
Instruction. Address In confidence

Dr. H. W. Elders.

    T8»B Ballinger Bids:. at. Joseph. Ms,

TOBACCO

Or Snuff Habit Cured Or No Pay

      Superb# Tobacco Remedy destroy* *U craving for Cigarette*.
Cifian. Pipe. Chewing or Snuff. Original »nd only remedy of
to Vted by oyer 500,000 Men and Women. Perfectly
Full treatment cent oo trial. Costa *1.50 11 it can*.
Costa nothing U it iaik. Write today tot comp^rte treatment.
IA CO. DMt. N-ffi	BALTlMi

 SUPERBA

 Dept. N-flS

LTIMORE. HO.

ilH

   SUBSTANTIAL ADVANCE ROYALTIES
   ARB PAID upon publishable work. ANY*

    ONE having original ideas for Songs may
    submit poems for examination and advice.—*
    WALTER NEWCOMER. 1674 B’way, N. Y,

■ ■ AMADor DRUG HABIT

III	Cured Forever* No Pay

           K T P Fiill treatment sent on trial
    9	Can be given secretly in privacy

LI *3 of home- Guaranteed to banish forever
all desire for whiskey, gin, wine, home brew,
moonshine, opium, morphine, beroin, paregoric, and
laudanum. Costs $5.00 if cures, nothing if fails. Save him
from poiion. STANDARD LABORATORIES, Sts. *-53. Baltimore. IM.

GREATEST BARGAIN

Regular *12 00 ralue Newest -
dainticat. faahioonbla Ladioa*
Watch Wfaite *oK) finish. Gen.
nine Imported ieweied mov*.
meat. Guaranteed Accurate

JENKINS, 621 B^adway

New York, N.Y. Dept. 97-E-8

MAKE EXTRA MONEY

in your spare time. Learn the secrets of successful agents
and salesmen and increase your income. Learn how. My
big, illustrated book, published new every month, tells you
bow. Send only 10 cents for next 3 issues containing over
500 best money-making ideas and rare opportunities.

E. BERNARD, 1201 Jackson St., Cincinnati, Ohio

124

Please mention Fiction House Group when answering advertisements

June
   By BERNARD BERNARD, Sc. D. (Phys.)M. P. C., Editor “Health and Life”

     IGNORANCE of tbe facts of life is to blame for the	majority of human tragedies. This is now acknowledged
     to be true by all sincere people. Sex and all the problems surrounding it have been shrouded in the darkness
     of superstition and mystery. In “A Complete Book of Sex Knowledge” there is not a siugle side of the sex

      problem, and its application to every stage of human	life that has not been fully treated. You cannot afford

      to be without this book, and no description of it can	possibly convey to you its extraordinary value. It tell3
      in non-technical language those things that worry people most.

PRINCIPAL CONTENTS

    CHAPTER I—FROM BIRTH TO PUBERTY	Irritations.—The Supreme Object of Marriage.—The

     The Technique of Healthy Conception.—The Sex	Peculiarities of Women.—How to Insure the Wife’s

     Acts of Little Children.—Babies’ Habits That Must	Satisfaction.

    Be Corrected.—The Seeds of Masturbation.—Parents'	CHAPTER VI—THE MARRIED WOMAN

     Habits to Avoid.—The Dangers of Secret Habits.	Surprising Ignorance of Women of the Meaning

            CHAPTER II_ADOLESCENCE	of Marriage.—Caution in the Acceptancc of a Hus-

     Undesirable Sex Habits of Adolescence.—The Facts	band.—The Story of an Ignorant Bride.—Bad Habits,

     of Reproduction.—The Connection of the Genital With	—Forewarning.—'The Eradication of Erotic Habits.—

     the Urinary System.—Sexual Anatomy and Physi-	Sex Weaknesses and Abnormalities.-—Lnion. The

     ology.—The Actual Birth of an Offspring.—Horrible	Highest Condition of Human Bliss.—Unnatural Con-

     Sex Perversions Preceded by Masturbation.—The	duct.—The Part of the Wife in Intercourse.—How

     Precious Vital Fluid.—How a Mother Can Explain	to Maintain a Husband s Love and Affection.—

    Things to Her Daughter.—How Diseases May Be	Helping a Husband in Control.—Female Sexua

     ‘‘Picked Up” Without Intercourse.—Correcting Ir-	Anatomy.—Woman Guilty of Excesses.—The Sexual

     regularities.—Superstitions Regarding Menstruation.	Nerves.—Adaptation to Peculiarities in Men.—Secur-

         pjr a ptft? tit_TP"F YOUNG MAN	I?* thc Hafmonic Reaction.—Choosing the Right

         CHAPTER III THE YOUNG MAN	Time and Place for Conception.—Pregnancy.—Ster-

     Should the Young Man Be Given Birth Control	ility and Its Causes.—The Correction of Sterility.

    Information ?—The Results of Masturbation.—Meth-	mx a-ptttt? vtt tttp n apWttt nn

    ods of Self-Disinfection Against Venereal Diseases.—	CHAPTER VII—THE BACHELOR

     Prrmer Pnnrlurt_Sex WfaknMi!_Tlir \rature	" !'y There Are Bacholors.— Promiscuous Bachelors.—

    /T i.t ti, v;t , f rl L Ailc	Pathology la Bachelorhood.—Physiological Dispositions.—

     of Syphilis. I he Nature ot lionorrhea. H°w Mas-	phyjicai Treatment Which Kemedie3 Sexual Abnormall-

     turbation Leaves Spermatorrhea.—Sympathy tor Vic-	tics.—Diverting Sex Energies.—Disorders Aggravating Sax

     tims of Ignorance and Vicious Heredity.—Flirting.—	Weaknesses.—Spermatorrhea.—What Happens to the Sexual

     Platonic Friendships.—Falling in Love.—IIow to	Secretions.—Seiual Neurasthenia.—Sex Weaknesses.

    Choose a Wife.—The First Love Callings.—The Spirit	CHAPTER VIII—THE 8PIN8TER

    of Romance.—Subconscious Sex Emotions.—Why	Should Women Propose?— Never Too Late to Wed.—

    There Are Unhappy Marriages.	Dangerous Stages of Splnsterhood.—Sexual Anomalies.—

                    nm- . -r	The Cause of Molancholi a. —Sexual Aggravations.—What

          CHAPTER IV—THE YOUNG WOMAN	Happens to the Secretions.—Sex Weakness Among Spinsters.

     Shattered Dreams.—The Facts of Reproduction.—	irs«uaj BCnrfcne.—Sex Fears.—Perversions.—Combating

    The World’s Most Beautiful Story.—The Dangers of	^

    Life.—Erotic Feelings.—Sexual Irritation.—The Or-	CHAPTER IX—POST MATURITY IN MAN

     gans of Reproduction.—“Female” Illnesses.—Pain-	Sexual Promptings and Weaknesses That Few Understand,

     ful Menstruation.—Vamps.—Looking for the Best	-Prostatltls.-Hroertrophy of the Sexual Glands.-Ser out

     Weal in Manhood.—A Woman’s Maturation.—Bad	pri^^or^ninesses. How Old Age Can Be the Happiest

     Habits and 1 lieir Serious Consequences.— ihe yuick-	Time In Llfo.—How the Sex Organs Can Be Abnormally

      ening of the Glands.—The Process of Fertilization.	Irritated.—Tho Folly of Frightening Sex Victims with Dam-

     —Special Sexual Cells.—Fertilization and Develop-	nation.—Building Up Depleted Nerve Centers.—The Normal

     ment.—Courtship Part of the Function of Reproduc-	Po5t Ma,uro Sex Life.

    tion.—Immoral Intercourse.—Venereal Diseases in	CHAPTER X—POST MATURITY IN WOMAN

     Women.—The Necessity of Knowing the Facts of	“Change of Life.”—Superstitions Surrounding Menstrua-

     Birth Control.—Sex Perversions Among Women.—	tion.—Right Sex Conduct.—The Cessation of Menstruation.—

     The Best Age for Marriage.—Indiscriminate Love-	Continued Sex Desires.-^.Dangerous Phaw> of the Meno-

    xa ■ • t • i o i __« ■ o..: _	pause.—Tho Legacies of Youth.—Irritable Passions and how

     Making. Initial Sex Weaknesses End in Serious	t0 Thera.—Normal Sex Living.—Maintaining Mar-

    Perversions.—Sexual Health and Efficiency.	rJed Happiness

CHAPTER V-THE MARRIED MAN	Tbls K'J S22T over 18

     The rirst Nuptial Experience.—Normal Indulg*	vpar* of sirn

    ence.—The Influence of Youthful Habits.—Sex Weak- r — _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ —	— >

    ness in Marriage.—Sex a Blessing, Not a Curse,	ITEAI/TH AND LIFE PUBLICATIONS

     When Used Properly.—Why Women Run Away From	I Dent B-505. 508 S. Osborn «wt. Chteigo-. IU.

         vrot, '*■!,» • T r c- „ j,, A	. Pleaae send “A COMPLETE BOOK. OJj SflX

     Some Men. i he Basic Laws of Sex Conduct. Ig	| KNOWLEDGE.'' I enclose $2.75.
     norant Husbands.—The Technique of Love.— Ihe

   Husband's Special Part.—Perversions and Weak-	• Name ...............................................

   nesses.—Abnormal Psychology Left by Masturba-	| Address .............................................

   tion.—Free Expressions of the Feelings.—Complete	......................,

    Unity.—Birth Control.—The Benefits of Proper In-	• „ l\7'v'J VuVVJA.' c»n* inA' A * * t*

           ti, „ c.„„, p,	If you wish tho boon C. O. D., send 50c deposit. It

     tercourse. The Story of a Sex Pervert. -Predispo-	j w:]1 bo majied g q the balance plus a few

     sitions Handed Down by Our Ancestors.—How Sex	cents postage. fash must accompany orders outside

     Weaknesses May Lead to Perversions.—Sexual Nerve	I U. 8. as Post Office will not accept C. O. D._

June	Please mention Fiction House Group when answering advertisements	125
ROYAL

DIAMOND £>
WATCH CO.

i bri

      Elgin or
Waltham
movement,
hand engraved
i 20 year gruar-
V an teed gold
\ filled case.
\ 12.12a
\ month.
\

f ADDRESS DEPT. 23-F, 170 BROADWAY, N.Y 3

to

DAYS

FREE

TRIAL

Stop Using a Truss

Free-Trial P8apao-Fre©

            STUART'S ADHESIF PLAPAO-
            PAOS are surprisingly different
            from the truss—being mcchanico-
            chemico applicators —made self-
            adhesive purposely to keep tho
            muscle-tonic ‘TLAPAO” applied
            continnously tothe affected part b,
            and to minimize painful friction
            and dangerous slipping. Wo.

               ■traps, buckles or spring at-
               tached. Soft as velvet-easy to
               apply—Inexpensive. Foralmosto , „ , A
               quarter of a century satisfied thou- _

                 Bands report succcss withoutdelay Grand Pr>X
  _ .	Process of recovery natural, so no subsequent

 ose for a truss. Awarded Gold Medal and Grand
 Pnx. Tnel of “PLAPAO” will bo sent absolutely
 Write your name on coupon aDd Bend TODAY, g iaLL

 FLAP AO CO., 180 Stuart BIdg., St. Lonit, Mo.

  Address...

 Awarded

 Gold Medal

 Return mail will bring Free Trial PLAPAO.

Are You Afraid
To Love?

 Has true love come into your life—or didn't yourec*
 ognize it when it came? Are you afraid now of the
 baffling, perplexing mysteries of sex relationship?
 Are you discontented with the stupid lies and furtive
 ashamed answers the world gives you in place of
 the naked, fearless truth you desire? Do you want
 some safe, sane, unashamed advice on sex questions?
 Do you hesitate asking your doctor certain ques-
 tions? Clip coupon below, send it today without any
 money and in a few days you will receive the most
 startling surprise of your life.

Life’s Secrets

  At last a book has been published that digs into sex matter*
  without fear or beating around the bush. This startling
  512-page book, “Safe Counsel,” written by Prof. B. G.
  Jefferies, M.D., Ph.D., contains just the information you
  want. You will be amazed at its frankness. Words are not
  minced. “Polite” phrases are forgotten—the right word is
  used in the right place. "Safe Counsel” contains nine
  startling sections: I. The Science of Eugenics; II. Love;
  III. Marriage; IV. Childbirth; V. Family Life; VI. Sexual
  Science; VII. Diseases and Disorders; VIII. Principles of
  Health and Hygiene; IX. The Story of Life. Here are a
  few of the subjects discussed: Love, Secrets of Marriage,
  Anatomy of Reproductive Organs, Mistakes of Bridegroom,
  Advice to Newly Married, Results of Excesses, Spooning,
  Private Words to Maidens, Rejuvenation, The Social Evil,
  Sex Magnetism, Answers to Sex Questions, and scores of
  other intimate subjects. Nothing withheld. Frank and fear-
  less. In all, 512 pages, 104 chapters, 121 illustration*.
  You owe it to yourself, to your health and happiness to
  read this wonderful book.

 Send No Money

—simply mail the coupon

 Don’t send any money now. Just clip and mail the coupon.
 We will send the regular $4.00 Gift Edition of “Safe Coun-
 sel” by return mail. When it arrives, hand the postman
 the Special Introductory Price of only $1.98. plus postage.
 Examine the book. Then if not satisfied, return the book
 within 5 day9 and your money will be refunded. You. take
 do risk. So order Now!

Mail the Coupon NOW I

 FRANKLIN PUBLISHING CO.

         800 N. Clark St., Dept. 8502, Chicago, III.

 Please send me a copy of the 14.00 Gift Edition of "Safe Counsel"
 !n a plain wrapper marked "Personal." 1 wIlK pay the postman
 only $1.98. plus postage, upon arrival. Although I am bonefltlng
 by this special offer. I may return this book within 5 days, If not
 satisfied, and you agree to refund my money.

Name...................................................

 Street

or It. F. D...............................................

City................................State..............,.

         If you may be out when postman calls send 11.98 cub
         with order. You save postage and C.O. P. fees.

          (Prloo outside of U. S.—$2.50 oash with order)

 Doei a petting party stop
 with a kiss or does it go
 further t la apoonino don-
 gerouat At last the Ques-
 tion is answered. See '•Safe
 Counsel” Page 199.

No Joke to be Bald

Grow

Let Me PROVE It To You FREE

 of ago and loss or balr was not cauBed by Duma or scars. Any-
 how, 1 must succeed or you pay nothing. No apparotua—my
 borne treatment is simple, quick and Inexpensive.

 c___1	Jost your name and address and I will mall

 deCu PjO money yon full information with PHOTOGRAPHS,
 NAMES and addressee of men and women who have successfully
 used my treatment for dandruff, falling hair and particularly for
 baldness. Writs Now. A postal will do.

  VREELANP’S, A,Qc0^E^?oHroBld8-

126

Please mention Fiction House Group when answering advertisements

June
Today's Greatest Opportunity

 Wo other field offers the marvelous oppor-
 tunities that are yours in Commercial Avia-
 tion. Think of it—soon riding a plane will
 be almost aa common as riding a train.
 Today you can get Into an Industry where
 there are more highly paid positions than
 trained men to fill them. And don’t think
 that the hi* jobs are limited to pilots.
 Salesmen, traffic managers, designers, con-
 itraction experts, and specialists for more
 thsui forty different branches are needed
 badly. Starting salaries fine—chances for
 lUlcls advancement unlimited.

    Train at Home
Under HINTON
Walter Hinton, famous Trans-Atlantic pilot,
now trains men for Aviation—right at home.
In a remarkable course, he teaches you all
about planes, construction, theory of flight,
instruments, air navigation—EVERYTHING.
In addition, he gives you personal assistance
—even tells you lust how and where to get

 •	Job- His FliHE book, "Rich Rewards In
 Ariation," will open your eyes. Tell us
 where to send your copy TODAY.

 S Aviation Institute of U. IT TT ” ”
 I 1115 Connecticut Avenue, Wash., D. C.

  *	Withcot obligation send yoor FREE book, tell-
  1 AviatiOW traiD m0 ftt bumu for a car©*r.in

 WALTER
 HINTON

  Fir»t to pilot
  apUneaerowi
  the Atlaatio;
  flr •« to fly
  from North to
  bouth Amer-
  lcm; ft rot to
  flytothoh«4
  water, of th,

  Atntior.—linuw nady to (In
  yt.u the crwn of tninj • e«xf’
  •zperUoo* and thnmndi of
  milnot Bight—rljhtmthorn*.
  Get hit book—tb, FACTS—
  QUICK.

 Kame

 j 8treet
 r_l

State

  Silk Hose 5c a Pair

       An astonishing new discovery called
    Duro-Siik now allows any woman to
    make any silk stocking "Run Proof”,

    weartwicoas loneandnever fade. Duro-

    Silk Rives any woman who uses It a pair
    otailk hoaa for Sc. In a recent teat, a
    chiffon silk hose,treated with Duro-Siik,
    was drawn over finger nailaB.678 times

    without a break or run. Th« orlsin«toro want
    ■Santa who can make from *76 to *200 par
    week.and will aaod aarnpla tolntroduce. Writ*

    Curtan Mfg. €o., Depf. 653-H.I54 E. ErieSt., Chicago

 Ride ’Ira Cowboy!—that’s the cry echoing to-
 day over arena and cowland. It’s the spirit of
 LARIAT STORY MAGAZINE—the maga-
 zine of “Real Cowboy Stories by Real Cow-
 boys.” Ask your newsdealer for LARIAT.

AT HOME/

                IP you’re earning a cent Imi
                than $80 a week, send for my
                Free Auto Book. Seo how you oan
                get complete instruction at home,
                covering every branch of Auto
                work. Learn how you can pre-
                pare for the big opportunities—
                Jobs paying up to $5,000 a year.
                Clip coupon for full particular*.

Earn up to $100 a Week

   Whether you’re an experienced
   Auto man, or not—if you're
   had Just common schooling, find
   out about this new. easy, prac-
   tical "Job - Way" Training.

  Leara how my Employment
    Department help* you got the
    flood Job*—Get all the de-
    tails of my offer of a com-
    plete course in Aviation
    Free of Extra charge, and
    my 4 Outfit* offer. Send
    coupon now I

                    B. W. C00KB
 Directing Engineer
 Chitag* Motor Training Corp.
 I9l6 8unny*lde Ava., Degt.A-13. Chi cage

  Sand at ooee. roar FREE Book. Auto
  olara of Job-War” Training, and of
  Wocklnz Outflta Oflar. Mo obligation oo c

 Hame

 Addreil

 MOSES

  WITH Yoa Dead no license orNOPPfmit
  IOO VrnM to own thia
  «.CL*l»tAotonMlc.lJ«a/orHeQlJirM --

  CART- funior selt-defence.keeps away tramps
          Frightens thttvtt, scares away iUin - I
          La real home protector. Fool yoor frianda. I
          Same aa an expenaire automatic in cooatroc-
          ation. Bulan. appoarauca. diimbilitr: antomatio

  «___	maiaaina load in e aod ojoction of cartrldeea.

  instantly and powerful report. Guaranteed absolutely ——

  •ate. Send no money. Pay axprranman *4.99 for automatic w*th 108
  cartridges. JENKINS, 621 Broadway, New Tortt. Dept. 97-J-e

AGENTS

GENUINE GOLD

   500%
   PROFIT

LEAF LETTERS

 guaranteed to never tarnish. Anyone can put them oo
 stores and office window*. Enormous demand, large prof-
 its. Paul Clark says: Smallest day $28.70. B. L. Reel
 made $920 in two months. Write today for free sample
 and liberal offer to general agents.

 METALLIC LETTER CO., 429 N. Clark St., Chleaw

TRAVEL FOR “UNCLE SAM”

RAILWAY
POSTAL

 $158 to $225 Month

Mail Coupon Before You Lose It

| FRANKLIN INSTITUTE, Dept. C1B5. Rechester. N. T.

   #Sirs: Rush to me without charge copy of 32-page book,
   “How to get U. S. Government Jobs,” sample coaching,
   t list of positions obtainable and full particulars telling
   how to get them.

Name.

Steady Work—No Layoffs—Paid Vacations
Tra»elJ—See Vour Country Common Education Usually Sufficient m
MEN-BOYS 18 UP	f

Many Government Jobs Open to Women * Address.

June

Please mention Fiction House Group when answering advertisements

127
■    Oar Superior Proposition win net you             Agent*---*25* Month. Raincoats. All               
■    *100 a week, every week In the year. Equip-      colors. Your choice *2.65. Part time *2 hour.     
■    ment and car furnished. No capital or expert-    Complete line 60 patterns, silks, suedes, tweeds. 
■    ence neoesaary. Immediate profit*. Write to-     Leather-Lyke. Outfit sent tree. Postage pre-      
I day for particulars. American Products Com-         Mid. Write Comer Mfg. Co, Dept. 9-0.              
• pany, 1921 Monmouth. Cincinnati. Ohio.              Dayton, O.                                        
If 1 show you an all Virgin Wool Suit,            
tailored-to-order, valued at *36. that vou        
can sell for *22.50. make *4.00 yourself,         
give you absolutely Free. Complete selling        
outfit, will you give my proposition a trial?     
P. C. King. 2838 South Li 8alle. Chicago 111      
                                                  
Get Free Demonstrating Outfit---Smart -               
■ est Mary Rose Frocks, moet wonderful values.        
• Experience unnecessary. *6 to *10 dally. Hodasl     
_ Co.. 465 Rodasi Bldg.. Cincinnati, Ohio.            
                                                      
I Big Money Daily. We offer large com-                
$14.00 daily selling colored Raincoats and        
Slickers, Red. Blue, Creen. ct«_ *2.95. Hot       
Free. Pay dully. Outlit Free. Elliott Brad-       
loy. 230 8. Wells, Dept. AF-6. Chlcapo.           
                                                  
                                                  
                                                  
Don't worry with smalt profits and un¬            
known articled Backed by tremendous na¬           
tional advertising, hundreds of Nocar salesmen    
1 Hit, Your Owa'Buiiocu. Sell Hansllck                
8 Hand Soap, SobUck Metal Polish---both tested        
_ ---and proved rast sellers, fine repeaters. Good    
I profits. Write today for samples. Solar             
■ Products Co.. 2140 So. Troy. Chicago.               
                                                      
Women Representatives Wanted. New                 
Invention prevents shoulder straps slipping No    
more discomfort. Women adore It. W rite for       
particulars and free offer. Lingerie “V” Com¬     
pany. 96 Oak St, North Windham. Conn.             
■    $3 profit every twenty minutes. Sell             
I guaranteed work clothing for *13.95. that looks     
* Uke *40 and wears like Iron. 8nag Proof. Every      
1 sale means a satisfied, repeat customer. Big        
1 future for producers. Write Plke-Hansen,            
■    1121 N. Franklin, Chicago.                       
Women---Earn *i£ dozen sewing at home             
Experience unnecessary, tteady work. Cut          
materials supplied. Stamped envelope brings       
details Steward Dress. 114a Mercer. NewYork.      
                                                  
Agent*---We start you In business                 
and help you succeed. No capital or ex¬           
perience needed. Spare or full time. You          
can earn *50-*100 weekly. Write Madison           
Products. 666 Broadway. New York. N Y             
                                                  
1 *6 Miles on 1 Gallon. Wonderful New                 Ladles earn tit dozen sewing aprons at            
_ Vapor Humidifier and Gaa Saver. All autos.          home. Easy work No experience or selling          
I Distributors wanted everywhere. 400% Prof-          necessary. Instructions free. Particulars 2c      
■ Its. 1 Free. Critcblow, C-474, Wheaton. 111.        stamp. Renee Garment Co., Dept. X.Gary, Ind       
■    Men! *741 an hour spare time. Bar-               business Success > Complete National              
1 ealD all-wool stylish suits tallored-to-meaaure at  Success Course we offer to you at the amailngly   
■    *18 75- Sell every man! *3.76 advance com-       low price of *1.98. Previously sold for **.00.    
■    mission for you. Write for expensive sample      Every subject on business and personal effici¬    
■    case---It's Free! Canterbury Tailors. Dept. Z-7. ency treated. Pay postman *1 98 plus a few        
- 20 West 22nd 8treet, New York.                      cents postage on delivery Consred Co.. 230        
I $114 week Protecting Friends from Check             
Women---Earn #18 dozen sewing dresses             
at home; experience unnecessary. Everything       
supplied. Steady work. 2c stamp brings par¬       
ticulars. Pearl Garment. 643a B'way.NewYork.      
                                                  
_ New! Little patented machine puts a                 photoplays, poetry, songs, etc. My free book      
■    keen, smooth edge on knives, scissors, tools In  tells how to write and where to send. Richard     
a few seconds, automatically. Banishes whet-          C. Abbott. 22 East 12th Street. Cincinnati.       
■    stones. Agents, write for Free Outfit Offer.     Ohio.                                             
Why not sell us your spare time, $2.09 sn         
hour, *19 70 daily easy full time introduce       
| Agents---New lines lust out. Everything             
_ In hosiery, lingerie and underwear for men.         
1 women, children. Beautiful, irresistible Cata-      
| log and 8amplee now ready. Two new special          
blg-money plans. Cash bonus, service awards.          
9 No capital needed.' Choice territories going.       
■ Write quick. World's 8tar Knitting Company?         
_ 130 Lake St.. Bay City. Michigan.                   
1 Auto Owners Get lit for Old Tires. Free             , XJEARN WHILE TOU BARM                           
big Pay Electrical Jobs open everywhere.          
*60 to *100 a week easy. Learn at home In         
spare time. Start making extra money at once.     
Training endorsed by Engineers Assn.. and         
employers. Working outfit and Job Service         
furnished. Small down payment starts you.         
Money back if not satisfied. 8end no money        
now Investigate first. Write L. L. Cooke.         
Chief Engineer, 2138 Lawrence Ave.. Chicago.      
                                                  
                                                  
Men, get Forest Ranger lob; *I29-*200             
Represent Old Established Firm, selling               
■    AU Wool Tailored to Individual Measure Suits     
■    *23.60---*29.60. Commissions *4.00-*5.00.        
Want U. S. Gov't Position; commence               
*1!5-S260 month? Men-women. 18-55. trained        
at home In three weeks. Write Oxment's In¬        
struction Bureau. 137. St. Louis. Mo.             
Big Pay Jobs open In Automotive field.            
Learn how on real equipment with real shop        
tools in eight weeks. Satisfaction guaran¬        
teed. Write quick for special tuition offer.      
McSwecny Auto Schools. Dept. 21-H. Cleve¬         
land. O. and Cincinnati. O                        
                                                  
                                                  
Men qualify Forest Ranger Position;               
start *126 month: cabin and vocation. Patrol      
the forests, protect the gnme. Write Mokane       
Institute, Dept. M-44, Denver. Colo.              
                                                  
No Dull Tlmee Selling Fopd. People                    Hotels Need Trained Executives. Nation¬           
■    must eat. Federal distributors make              wide demand for trained men and women;            
1 *3.000 yearly up. No capital or experl-             past experience unnecessary. We train             
_ ence needed; guaranteed sales; unsold goods         you by mall and put you Id touch with big         
1 may be returned. We furnish sample case.            opportunities. Write at once for particu¬         
■    license and Free territory. Ask Dow! Federal     lars. Lewis Hotel Training Schools. Suite         
■    Pure Food. W 2311 Archer. Chicago.               AW-W637. Washington. D C, r                       
SQUARE-DEAL
ADVERTISERS OMLY

1/ you do business on Uie basis of "saiUfac-

        Puhlinher* Classified Service,

       9 Ease 46lh_Sc, New York _
 Nowl $5,000 year eagyl Sell Gibraltar
 Shlrtsl Finest quality. Lowest prices Defy
 competition) Liberal dally commissions Send
 today for free outfit containing large assort-
 ment sblrt samples. Gibraltar Sblrt Co.
 Dept. T-7, 22nd btreet. New York
 TUT	-

      ^Knltto. tfct) imazlnilowlle re-knlta
 Bilk hosiery like new. repairing runners per-
 fectly Agents cleaning up. Home shops protlt-
 able. Merchants buy at Right Newest greatest
 money maker i ample furnished workers.
 World Import Co.. Dept PC JO Omaha. Neb.

   Be a Real E«tate Expert. tS.OOO-jTS.fiOO
 yearly. Experience unnecessary I'll teach
 you everything. Connect you with my chain
 of real estate experts. Write for FREE
 booklet. National Real Estate Institute,
 Dept. 500-M, Fort Smith. Ark.

 ’ Bankrupt and Rummage Sale*. Make
 $50 dully weatart you. furnishing everything.
 Permanent business. Free details. Distribu-
 tora. Dept. 270. 42'J W Superior, Chicago.

   Agents earn bTj money taking orders for
 our beautiful Dress Goods. Silks. Wash Fabrics.
 Hosiery, Fancy Goods, 1000 Samples furnished
 The National Importing Co., Dept. F89.
 673 Breadwny. New York City

   Agents—Just Out! *8.88 For Men's
 Suita! Anyone can sell! Commission *3 In
 advanccl Free Bales Kltl Tho 888 Company,
 Dept F-15, Fort Wayne. Ind

          osltloos—Men Interested going
romantic South America write us. Good pay
Expenses paid. South America Service Bu-
reau. 14.600 Alma, Detroit. Mich._

 Women—tsrn $16 dozen sowing aprons.
Experience unnecessary: no selling Easy,
steady work, materials cut Addressed en-
velope brings details. Goshen Drees Co..

pept. 660. Goshen. N. Y	_

 Agents $54# month. brl-Kfean-lt re-
moves dirt, grease, tar. all one operation.
Cleans car for 10c. No soap or water used
Car looks like new. Wonderful seller. Free
sample. American Accessories Company, Desk

435. Cincinnati. Ohio.__

 Agents! Sell finest work pant* ever
offered: one pair. SI .95. two. $3 75 three. *5.50;
big commissions daily. Splendid assortment;
Free Outfit. Longwear Trouser. Dept. L8.
489 Broome Street, New York.

  TTee Outfit With Actual Samples Of Bo*-
tonlan broadcloth gets quick saUs for our
nationally known Bostonian Shirts at three
for $6.95, postage paid Liberal cash com-
mission of *1 50 on each order of three shirts
earns big profits for you Bostonian Mlg.
Co.. Desk f M6. 72 Summer St.. Boston.

Mass.. Fatabllsh' d 1863.__

  iS% of art" Men past middle age, au-
tborlties say. bave prostate Gland disorder
Now a sclcntific treatment Free book. Ad-
dress Thermalaids, Steubenville, Ohio, or 303

Van Nuys Bldg. Los Angeles. Calif._

  Make extra moncy ln your spare time.
Secret of successful agents and salesmen
explained. Send 10c for next three big
Issues of my book containing over 600 best
money-making Ideas and rare oppor-
tunities George Bernard. 22 East 12th

Street. Clnd n natl. Oh I o. _

 Agent, )26i) monthT Bonut besides.
Introduce finest Hoe guaranteed hosiery you
ever saw. 126 styles, colors. New sales plan a
wonder. No experience needed No license to,
pay. Auto furnished Credit given Spare
time satisfactory. Samples furnished. WUknIt
Hosiery Co.. Dept. 1635. Greenfield. Ohio.

  5eiTT5re*» Pants 6ireci. "One pislr, 93.45;
3palrs. $10 00; your commission. 76c. per pair.
Thirty beautiful patterns Flannels, serges,
worsted*, tropicals. I-anre Selling Samples
Free. Write Dept A6. ACiawn Pants, 35 West

22nd St.. New York._ _

  Distributor 108 store route this cocntyj
experience unnecessary ; no selling, dlstribbt?
and oollect: should net $70 weekly. Peri*
Manufacturing Co., Box 173, Florin Pa.

 Give Away Key Insurance. SiteTS
dally. Amaring money-maker Just patented.
Nothing llko it. Write today for Free Offers

Inltlal-lt, Ino., 22 Quincy. Chicago_

 21* Men Wanted. $<0 a day made by
E. Ham (Cal). Others receiving $500 mouth
demonstrating Kriss-Kroes Stropper locally.
We help you start. Our Florida man made
$5,300 last year. Got details Send caupon!
Krlss-Kruss Corp.. DeDt. G-3252, 1418 Pendle-
tou Ave.. St. Louis. Mo.

Nfune..,,.,,,,.,

Address.

Town..... .».vi

128

Please mention Fiction House Group when answering advertisements
 Sensational offer. A special assort-
 ment of up-to-date high-grade new
 electric process 75c records—30 se-
 lections in all, 15 double face rec-
 ords—very latest selections, popu-
 lar songs, dance music, band and
 instrumental pieces. $11.25 worth
 of brand new records included with
 this outfit. And we’ve picked
 out just the kind of reccrds fmWt
 to please you most. Read
 our wonderful of-
 fer below.

UP-TO-DATE

 SELECTIONS

  With this Portable

Phonograph

oo

pO*"

        
IfciiM  
■MM KK  
    H   
    11  
QA nave Trial Yes0rer11 This Portable Phonograph SriSSJSiS'.

vv VWJ w A a. AM A send this	eluding Edison and plays two ten-inch records with one winding.

Puritone portable phonograph outfit, with 30	Weighs only 17 pounds. Comes in waterproof imitation leather case

f. V j i .■___ it- hz.*	with hinged lid, closes up like a small suitcase with snap locks and

high grade selections, 15 double lace /bC	canyingliandle (see illustration.) Measures 14,'Sx7H inches. Records

records to your home on 30 days trial for only $1.00	are placed inside of lid and secured so they will not rattle or break,

with the coupon. Use it as your own and see what a	Holds 15 records. Has quiet spring motor, tone arm and reproducer

wonderful convenience it is to have a phonograph that	with indestructible diaphragm and wide throat for full sound volume,

you can carry from room to room. Use the outnt on	Reproducer is reversible for Edison records. Outfit includes 15 double

30 days trial. If withm 30 days you decide not to keep	face 75c j\jeW ElectricProccss records—30 selections. A complete record

the outfit, send it back and we 11 refund your $1.00 plus	library without buying a single one! Shpg. weight, packed about 25 lbs.

all transportation charges.	^■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■>

$<*60 M ... Tf i,™ rtr,i.t	wflsiiii!0- S Straus & Schram, Dept. A909 Chicago, III.

2- d month l?m ^^onth imtTl von YnlvSl OO ■ Enclosed find *1.00. Ship npwlal advertised Puritone Portabl.

W.MI 3 montrl until you	only )1.UU a Phonograph with 15 Double Faro 75c New Electric Proccu records—

have paid —only $26.85. Think of It, a first-class high	with coupon,	■	30 selections. I am to have 30 days free trial. If 1 keep theoutnt I

grade phonograph, and 15 high grade up-to-date double	$2.60 monthly ■	*&i» soWSSfW IS refund 23

face records—(30 selections) a complete outfit, ready	Total price	j doiiw and egress charges i paid,

to play, only $26.85.	$26.85.	■ ^0?i:^b<!?d^»aA:S26,.58S0ubl#

Send Coupon Nowi^ j ^ -------------

Seize this opportunity on this special sale, while it lasts-	j	°r °* ° ...................... .....

FRFF CAT AT OG Only $1.00 with the coupon ■	fjWina

*	W fumrshings sent with bnngs the compkte outfit on 5	post ...............................................

or without order. See coupon. oU days trial.	■	office.............................State..............

CtVQllC Hr	Dept. A909 ■ c^Singfet.________________orColor_________________

OliaUa a □tlirdllft9 CHICAGO,ill. :	□
Gent's Strap Watch-the^^S
famous Butova with UK rolled
gold plate case; 16 Jewel Bulc

                     Strap Watch for men.

                14K green gold tilled engraved:
                guaranteed IS Jowol movement:
                radium numerala and hands.

                   • $27.50
           $1.00 with order,
           /ir>	$2-65 a month.

  L510

| L5I1U |

Ja;» initial and blue
white diamond on gen-
uine black Onyx in 14K
white gold ring for

L517

L5114

WHAT YOU UO-

SKND ONE DOLLAR with
your name and address, the
number of *he article you
wish to examine ami a brief
note telling us something
about yourself.

Simply Slate: (1) How long at
present address. (2) Age, Co
Married or Single, (4) Name
of employer, (a) Nature of
work and (6) How Ions in
employ.

This information_will be held
strictly coniidential-no direct inquiries
sent to employer.

WHAT WE DO-

Vponw rival of your order, we will open
a Ten Month Charge Aecouiit ami send
your selection lor approval and 15 day
trial. '

Convince yourself of its remarkable
value. If satisfied you pay the balance
in ten equal monthly payments. Other-
wise, return ami your dollar will be
promptly refunded.

Buy Direct from

L. W. SWEET, Inc

                                  9

DIAMOND IMPORTERS

Dept.518L, 1660 Broadway, New York

Our
Qct* Acquainted
Offer

   "Your
  Choice
  gnowis

         In order to acquaint new
         friends with the ease and
         _ siuixdicity of our Charge Sys-
         tem. wi- otter thest*--*pccia)
         values on special terms.
         I'iftjotwo years of direct
         diamond importing makes
         possible these low prices.
         Examine your choice today
         and convince yourself.

TO ANY ADULT interested
in the pur-
chase of a Diamond Watch or article
of -lew, li V I Iu4 l'lln.1.w«-hnnl.l..t; yill
be sent free of charge
and without •>b:i>:u-
tion. Ten months
to pay on every-.

thing.

      iO MOjSTTHS
      TO PAY

A o art ic It's soli I to perso)is uiuhr
JO years of ar/r.

Special Watch Values

                       ^ ’s a
                       JBuIova

$39.50

movement. E« nipped with duat-tits rap
radium numerals aud handa. $29.75

$1.00 -with order,

$2.87 a month._

The Mayflower--beau-
tifully carved in 18K

crk Bow-knot

white gold; AA1 blue
white diamond.

denign for Ladies m
1€K white gold with

AAl blue white diamond
in Ladies 18K white gold
ring; Butterfly design.

white diamond.

$1.00 with order,
$4.90 a month.

1«K white Hold wit!
AA1 Blue white dia
mond.

aien: 18K white *old;
A A) blue White ^uunoud.

$1.00 with order,
$4.40 a month.

$1.00 'with order,
$5.65 a month.

$1.00 with order,
$3.85 a month.

Up to date weddinir ring
1#K white gold carved
with heart* and lover'a

Dinner Ring: leaf and
floral deolgn: 18K white
gold: three blun whitn
diamonds. XQ CO

Ladies ring 18K white
gold: three blue white
diamonds. $37.50.

knots: five AA1 blue
white diamonds.

diamond*. $39.50.

$1.00 with order,
$3.85 a month.

maD- $32.50.
$1.00 with ordert
$3.15 a month.

     $32.50
  $1.00 with order,
  $3.15 a month.

$1.00 with order,
$3.65 a month.

Ladles Wriat .Watch UK a. lid '
white gold cngravod: guaranteed
Jewel movement. $24.50.

$1.00 with order, $2.35 a month.

Engagen cnt and Wcddlni*
ring combination each carv-
ed to match in l*K white
gold. AAi blue white dia-
mond furnished. Price Cum*

nictc $59.50.

   $1.00 with order,
   $5.85 a month.

Our Special Introductory Feature -•

Ladies wrist watch 14K solid white gold; two blue
white diamonds and four blue sapphires; guaranteed
16 Jewel movement; high grade gold filled flexible ex-
pansion bracelet. $42.50.

 $1.00

itk order. $4.15 a month.