MARTIAN NIGHTMARE

   by BRYCE WALTON

 A.N.C.

 TRADE

 MARK

REG.
BP-rSuiE Edition of Famous Manual

MMM'tinDRMIJOB

TRY BOOK FOR A WHOLE WEEK-FREE

Return and Pay Nothing if Not Satisfied!

 HERE it is!—the brand-new, revised, enlarged 1950 edition of
 MoToR’s Auto Repair Manual! Now you can “lick” any auto re-
 pair job on any car built since 1935—including all 1950 models! Just look
 up make, model, and job in quick index—and go to it.

 EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW TO REPAIR ANY CAR!

 750 BIG pages; 2100 “how-to-do-it”
 pictures; 200 "quick-check” specifica-
 tions, charts, and tables; over 200,000
 facts make every operation a “snap”!
 Includes automatic transmissions; new
 GM Rochester carburetor. Beginners
 will find in this giant book
 the most helpful guidance
 on every kind of service
 and repair job imaginable.

 Experts will be amazed by
 the short-cuts they’ll dis-
 cover.

 Win Prestige! Earn
 More Money!

 Factory engineers from
 every auto plant in Amer-
 ica worked out these time-
 saving procedures. Now
 you get all this wealth
 of “know-how” from over
 150 Official Shop Manu-
 als, “boiled down” into
 clear terms in one handy
 book! Now you can tackle
 jobs you wouldn't think of
 trying before. And you’ll

MOTOR'S

AUTO

REPAIR

MANU*!

        COVERS ANY
        CAR BUILT
        SINCE 1935!

    American Cord
 Bantam Croslcy
 Auburn De Soto
 Austin Dodge
 Buick Ford
 Cadillac Frazer
 Chevrolet Graham
 Chrysler Hudson
 Hupmobile
 Kaiser
 Lafavcttc
 La Salle
 Lincoln

    Lincoln Zephyr

    Mercury

    Nash

    Oldsmobile

    Packard

    Pierce Arrow

    Plymouth

    Pontiac

    Reo

    Studebaker

    Tcrraplanc

    Willys

    Right at your fingertips you have every.
 "How-to-do-it” fact you want. Over|
 35,000 essential dimensions on 741 car
 models! Whether you want to make a sim-
 ple carburetor adjustment or completely
 rebuild a transmission, step-by-step in-
 structions show exactly WHAT
 to do, HOW to do it. Used by
 U. S. Army, technical schools,
 thousands of auto service men.

 SEND NO MONEY

   Send no money. Enjoy this
 brand-new book—at our risk—
 for a full week, FREE! Test it
 right in your own garage or
 shop. If book doesn’t more than
 pay for itself in 7 days, simply
 return it and pay nothing. Mail
 coupon NOW to MoToR Book
 Dept., Desk 10N. 250 West
 55th St., New York 19, N. Y.

   Published
   by MoToR,
   The Leading
   Automotive
   Business
   Magazine

 '‘‘a^ove SI'”-’"9

   .£w o» «■»'i.« ’“■•r

 Ho" >•	.""P"

 MAIL COUPON NOW FOR 7-DAY FREE TRIAL

 MoToR BOOK DEPT.

 Desk ION, 250 West 55th St., New York 19, N. Y.

 Rush to me at once (check box opposite book you want):

 -- MoToR’s New AUTO REPAIR MANUAL. If O.K., I will

Same FREE Offer on

MoToR’s TRUCK & TRACTOR MANUAL

                  Brand-new! Covers EVERY job on EVERY pop-
                  ular make gasoline truck and farm tractor built
                  from 1936 thru 1949! 1400 pictures, 961 pages,
                  300,000 facts. All types Gasoline Engines. Fuel
                  Systems, Governors, Lubrication, Ignition,
                  Starters, Clutches, Axles, Brakes, etc., etc.

                    ALSO covers many buses, contractor and road
                    building equipment, stationary power machinery.
                    Check box in coupon.

□

  for 2
  Othe.

  Elce, ;
  1 M.

  J <E

 —	remit SI In 7 days (plus 35c delivery charges), $2 monthly
 for 2 months and a final payment of 95c one month after that.
 Otherwise I will return the book postpaid in 7 days. (Foreign

      remit $S cash with order.)

     MOTOR’S New TRUCK & TRACTOR REPAIR MANUAL.

 —	(Described at left.) If O.K.. I will remit $2 in 7 days, and
 $2 monthly for 3 months, plus 35c delivery charges with final
 payment. Otherwise I will return book postpaid In 7 days.
 (toreign price, remit $10 cash with order.)

Print Name................................*........Age.........

City...................................... State.................

  I I Check box and save 35c delivery charge by enclosing
  I—I WITH coupon entire payment of So.05 for Auto Repair
  Manual (or $8 for Truck & Tractor Repair Manual). Same
  7-day return-rcfund privilege applies.

Au-
VOL. 4, NO. 10 > A FICTION HOUSE MAGAZINE » JAN., 1951
^ PaweJt^al Novel of /Sotcesuf

WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS........A. A. Craig 4

       Guide a black galleon to the lost, fear-haunted Citadel of the Xanthi wizards—
       into the very jaws of Doom? Corun, condemned pirate of Conahur, laughed. Aye,
       he'd do it, and gladly. It would mean a reprieve from the headsman's axe—a few
       more precious moments of life and love . . . though his lover be a witchl

 ► *7wa Space-/ldoe*tit^ia flooeletl

TIGER BY THE TAIL...........Poul Anderson 38

       The haughty, horned aliens from the planet Scotha had very well organized in-
       tentions of conquering the Terran Empire—and Captain Dominic Flanary, Terra's
       ace saboteur, suddenly found himself in a strategic position to louse up the works.

       How? Well, Achilles had a heel . . . and what else could you call a Scothanl?

MARTIAN NIGHTMARE ..........Bryce Walton 80

       Three tough, cynical fighting-men of Earth—Danton, Keith, Van Ness—rose from
       their tomb of forgetfulness ... to find themselves space-wrecked on Mars, the last
       hope of mankind against the evil and immortal Oligarchs. It was weird, incred-
       ible, it was a horrible dream . . . but it was real. Or was it?

^	*1Ivulluuf SUobt Slotted,

TASK TO LUNA............Alfred Coppel 56

      Two rocketships bit into lunar dust. Two men—a Yankee, a Russian—dueled in
      nightmare shadow and glare. What cosmic joke made them drop their weapons
      and die laughing?

POISON PLANET...........William Oberfield 60

       it was only a muffled gun-shot, deep in the rank, fetid jungles of Venus . . . but
       it plunged the crew of the VENUS I into a Hell from which there was no return .. .

GUEST EXPERT.............Allen K. Lang 71

       A problem—a strange and deadly problem—confronted Earth ... but the visitor
       from Mars was very confident that he could solve it. Which he did ... in his
       strange and deadly way . . .

SAFETY MARGIN............J.T. M'lntosh 73

       The Vibro-spacedrive had one bad habit, and a mystery. The habit: It often ex-
       ploded, which McCall already knew. He was to learn the mystery too . . .

 ^ Planet'& P.e<fula>i tyeatute

THE VIZIGRAPH—Letters from Readers..........2

 T. T. SCOTT, President _JEROME BIXBY, Editor_MALCOLM REISS, General Manager

 PLANET STORIES: Published M-monthly by Loto Romances Pub. Co.. Inc., 130 W. 42 St., New Tort 18. N. T. Tha entire eontenlj
 of this magazine are copyrighted. 1050. by Love Romances Publishing Ox. Inc. Reentered as second class matter August 15. 1950, at
 the Post Office at New York, N. Y., under the act of March 3, 1879. All rights reserved. While due care Is always exercised, the
 publishers will not be responsible for the return of unsolicited manuscripts. Price 20tf per copy. For advertising rates address: Adver-
 tising Director, Fiction Houao, Inc., 130 W. 42 St., New York N. Y. Printed in U. S. A.
   A picture is worth a lot of words—more, certainly, than my
 tired, palsied hands could wring from this typewriter at present
 —so I won’t make with the words but will rather ask you to turn
 to the very energetic advertisement on page 79 of this issue...

   There’s not much I can add to what you’ve just read—are your
 eyes back in focus yet?—except that Two Complete SCIENCE-
 ADVENTURE Books is a real pleasure to put out, a 2000% value,
 and a unique and much needed addition to the S-F field. We have
 great plans for it. Your move.

   What’s that? Why am I so tired? Well, that strange sound you’ve:
 been hearing every evening after dinner is your editor grinding a
 hunk of Pyrex against a hunk of glass. Yep ... an 8" f/8 Newtonian
 reflecting telescope is in the works, and brother, that’s works!

   Pic winners are: 1) James Stewart (To repeat: Who’s laugh-
 ing?) ; 2) Ray Ramsay (Stop giving our plots away, blast it!) {
 3) Joe Gibson (That’s life, Joe; want to name your favorite
 charity?)—all choices to be made from the November Ish.

   Now for the letters—good bunch this trip.

Jerome Bixby

TALE OF THE RAT

1943 Marion Dr.

East Meadow, L. I.

Dear Ed:

   Old, old, was the thing that sat on the rusty desert of the dead
 star world, brooding over the ancient issue of PS. As my timobile
 approached it I could hear it muttering, muttering: “Badler, take
 a pic. Hapke, take two, Silverberg, pick third ..

   Gulk!!! I was about to pounce on you (figuratively, of course):
 for your misleading blurbs when I happened to read them. Gad,
 they actually describe the stories! Unforgiveable.

   All the stories were good, but CARRY ME HOME was abso-
 lutely tremendous! More, in fact It was super ultra colossal. In
 truth, 'twas a swell tale (NO WOMEN! Cheer madly). In LAST
 TWO ALIVE (foul title), the virus victims were supposed to be
 Neanderthal men, but Coppel forgot to tell us how they got to
 Earth. Walked, maybe ?

   Yuh know, I think PS has the best letter column of any stf mag.
 The writers are all slightly nuts, which makes for a nice friendly
 atmosphere. The letters usually give me an I-wish-I-had-said-that
 feeling. It seems they just have a lot of fun, and are not trying
 to solve Secrets of the Universe. Your editorial comments are
 quite witty (half, that is) and make for good reading.

   It seems to me that under your editorship PS has improved
 immensely. Already an issue has appeared without a Bradbury
 fiasco in it. Why doesn’t someone tell him there is next to no
 oxygen or water in Mars’ atmosphere, and that on a hot summer
 .day on Mars the temp, wouldn’t be much over 32°F. Get Kuttner,

                                  Madly, (Totally, that is—Ed.)

                               James (The Earth Rat) Lewis
                    (Continued on page 103)
THE AU-AMEfilCA GRIDIRON PREVIEW

co&rr-tocvAt? ii»b«rt • »r«x n*vm . o<*»ox:Vf>M sewft#«»

/JS this grinning pass-slinger the bey man for Army, Notre
** Dame, Michigan, U. S. C., Duke or the stampeding Long-
horns of T. U.? The answer to this question, and everything
else you’ll want to know about 1950 football, is right here in the
current ILLUSTRATED FOOTBALL Annual.

^pTAR players. Top teams. Up-to-the-second prospects of col-
lege teams everywhere. Hundreds of pictures of players and
teams in action—all at your finger-tips in the current ILLUS-
TRATED FOOTBALL Annual, for 21 years the Bible of the
gridiron fraternity.

Look for the Big Red maga-
zine on the newsstands. If
your local news-dealer can't
supply you, send us 30£ and
we will rush you a copy post-
paid. Address: Fiction House
Inc., 130 West 42nd Street,
New York City 18, N. Y.

Football

ANNUAL
• A Novel of Alien Sorcery by A. A. CRAIG

Khroman the conqueror,

Thalassocrat of Achaera, stood
watching his guards bring up the
captured pirates. He was a huge man, his
hair and square-cut beard jet-black despite
middle age, the strength of his warlike
youth still in. his powerful limbs. He wore
a plain white tunic and purple-trimmed
cloak; the only sign of kingship was the
golden chaplet on his head and the signet
ring on one finger. In the gaudy crowd
of slender, chattering courtiers, he stood
out with a brutal contrast.

4

Guide a black galleon to the lost,
fear-haunted Citadel of the Xanthi
wizards—into the very faws of Doom?
Corun, condemned pirate of Cona-
hur, laughed. Aye, he'd do it, and
gladly. It would mean a reprieve from
the headsman's axe—a few more pre-
cious moments of life and love . . .
though his lover be a witchi

WITCH

oj&le demon seas
glSlp

if§$

fe$S£

»«Pii

IlSSltfil

Corun fell under that smashing attack . . .

                                   muscles

fangs gleamed, and elates sank into his
6

PLANET STORIES

  “So they’ve finally captured him,” he
rumbled. “So we’re finally rid_ of Corun
and his sea-going bandits. Maybe now the
land will have some peace.”

  “What will you do with them, sire?”
asked Shorzon the Sorcerer.

  Khroman shrugged heavy shoulders. “I
don’t know. Pirates are usually fed to
the erinyes at the games, I suppose, but
Corun deserves something special.”
“Public torture, perhaps, sire? It could
be stretched over many days.”

  “No, you fool! Corun was the bravest
enemy Achaera ever had. He deserves an
honorable death and a decent tomb. Not
that it matters much, but—”

  Shorzon exchanged a glance with Chry-
seis, then looked back toward the ap-
proaching procession.

THE CITY TAUROS was built
around a semicircular bay, a huge
expanse of clear green water on whose
surface floated ships from halfway round
the world—the greatest harbor for none
knew how many empty sea-leagues, capital
of Achaera which, with its trade and its
empire of entire archipelagoes, was the
mightiest of the thalassocracies. Beyond
the fortified sea walls at the end of the bay,
the ocean swelled mightily to the clouded
horizon, gray and green and amber. With-
in, the hulls and sails of ships were a
bright confusion up to the stone docks.

  The land ran upward from the bay,
and Tauros was built on the hills, a tangle
of streets between houses that ranged
from the clay huts of the poor to the
marble villas of the great. Beyond the
city walls on the landward side, the island
of Achaera lifted still more steeply, a
gaunt rocky country with a few scattered
farms and herds. Her power came all from
the sea.

  A broad straight road lined with sphinx-
es ran straight from the harbor up to
the palace, which stood on the highest hill
in the city. At its end, wide marble stairs
lifted toward the fragrant imperial gardens
in which the court stood.

  Folk swarmed about the street, .mobs
straining to see the soldiers as they led
their captives toward the palace. The word
that Corun of Conahur, the most danger-

ous of the pirates, had finally been taken
had driven merchants to ecstasy and
brought insurance rates tumbling down.
There was laughter in the throng, jeers
for the prisoners, shouts for the king.

    Not entirely so, however. Most of the
  crowd were, of course, Achaerans, a slim
  dark-haired folk clad generally in a light
  tunic and sandals, proud of their ancient
  might and culture. They were loudest in
  shouting at the robbers. But there were
  others who stood silent and glum-faced,
  not daring to voice their thoughts but mak-
  ing them plain enough. Tall, fair men
  from Conahur itself, galled by Achaeran
  rule; fur-clad barbarians from Norriki,
  blue-skinned savages from Umlotu, with a
  high professional regard for their fellow
  pirate; slaves from a hundred islands, who
  had not ceased dreaming of home and re-
  membered that Corun had been in the
  habit of freeing slaves when he captured a
  ship or a town. Others might be neutral,
  coming from too far away to care, for Corun
  had only attacked Achaeran galleys; the
  black men from misty Orzaban, the cop-
  per-colored Chilatzis, the yellow wizards
  from mysterious Hiung-nu.

    The soldiers marched their prisoners
  rapidly up the street. They were mercen-
  aries, blue Umlotuans in the shining cor-
  selets, greaves, and helmets of the Achae-
  ran forces, armed with the short sword
  and square shield of Achaera as well as
  the long halberds which were their special
  weapon. When the mob came too close,
  they swung the butts out with bone-snap-
  ping force.

    The captive pirates were mostly from
  Conahur, though there were a number of
  other lands represented. They stumbled
  wearily along, clad in a few rags, weighted
  down hand and foot by their chains. Only
  one of them, the man in the lead, walked
  erect, but he strode along with the arro-
  gance of a conqueror.

    “That must be Corun himself, there in
  the front of them,” said Chryseis.

    “It is,” nodded Shorzon.

 THEY MOVED FORWARD for a
better look. Imperceptibly, the court
shrank from them. Khroman’s advisor
^y^^kughter were feared in Tauros,
WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS

7

  Shorzon was tall and lean and dry, as
if the Heaven-Fire beyond the eternal
clouds had fallen on him and seared all
moisture out of the gaunt body. He had
the noble features of the old Achaeran
aristocracy, but his eyes were dark and
sunken and smoldering with strange fires.
Even in the warmth of midday, he wore
a black robe falling to his feet, and his
white beard streamed over it. Folk knew
that he had learned sorcery in Hiung-nu,
and it was whispered that for all Khro-
man’s brawling strength it was Shorzon
who really dominated the realm.

  Khroman had married Shorzon’s daugh-
ter—none knew who her mother had been,
though it was thought she was a witch
from Hiung-nu. She had not lived long
after giving birth to Chryseis, whose
grandfather thus came to have much of
her upbringing in his hands. Rumor had
it that she was as much a witch as he a
warlock.

  Certainly she could be cruel and ungov-
ernable. But she had a strange dark beauty
over her that haunted men; there were
more who would die for her than one
could readily count . . . and, it was said,
had died after a night or two.

  She was tall and lithe, with night-black
hair that streamed to her waist when un-
bound. Her eyes were huge and dark in
a face of coldly chiseled loveliness, and
the full red mouth denied the austere, god-
dess-like fineness of her countenance. To-
day she had not affected the heavy gold
and jewels of the court; a white robe
hung in dazzling folds about her—and
there might as well not have been another
woman present.

  The prisoners came through the palace
gates, which clashed shut behind them.
Up the stairs they went and into the fra-
grance of green trees and bushes, bloom-
ing plants, and leaping fountains that was
the garden. There they halted, and the
court buzzed about them like flies around
a dead animal.

  Khroman stepped up to Corun. “Greet-
ing,” he said, and there was no mockery
in his voice.

  “Greeting,” replied the pirate in the
same even tones.

  They measured each other, the

two strong men who understood what they
were about. Corun was as big as Khro-
man, a fair-skinned giant of a man in
chains and rags. Weather-bleached yellow
hair hung to his shoulders from a haugh-
tily lifted head, 'knd his fire-blue eyes
were unwavering1 on the king’s. His face
was lean, long-jawed, curve-nosed, hard-
ened by bitterness and suffering and des-
perate unending battle. A chained erinye
could not have looked more fiercely on
his captors.

  “It’s taken a long time to catch you,
Corun,” said Khroman. “You’ve led us a
merry chase. Once I almost had the plea-
sure of meeting you myself. It was when
you raided Serapolis—remember? I hap-
pened to be there, and gave chase in one
of the war-galleys. But we never did
catch you.”

  “One of the ships did.” Corun’s voice
was strangely soft for so big a man. “It
didn’t come back, as you may recall.”

  “How did they finally catch you ?” asked
Khroman.

ORUN SHRUGGED, and the chains
about his wrists rattled. “You al-
ready know as much as I care to talk
about,” he said wearily. “We sailed into
Iliontis Bay and found a whole fleet wait-
ing for us. Someone must finally have
spied out our stronghold.” Khroman nod-
ded, and Corun shrugged a shoulder:
“They blocked off our retreat, so we just
fought till everyone was dead or cap-
tured. These half-hundred men are all who
live. Unfortunately, I was knocked out
during the battle and woke up to find my-
self a prisoner. Otherwise—” his blue gaze
raked the court with a lashing contempt—
“I could be peacefully feeding fish now,
instead of your witless fish-eyes.”

  “I won’t drag out the business for you,
Corun,” said Khroman. “Your men will
have to be given* to the games, of course,
but you can be decently and privately be-
headed.”

  “Thanks,” said the pirate, “but I’ll stay
with my men.”

Khroman stared at him in puzzlement.
“But why did you ever do it?” he asked
finally. “With your strength and skill and
?ook. -‘'r'cunning, you could have gone far in
8

PLANET STORIES

Achaera. We take mercenaries from con-
quered provinces, you know. You could
have gotten Achaeran citizenship in time.”
“I was a prince of Conahur,”
said Corun slowly. “I saw my
land invaded and my folk taken off as
slaves. I saw my brothers hacked down
at the battle of Lyrr, my sister taken as
concubine by your admiral, my father
hanged, my mother burned alive when
they fired the old castle. They offered me
amnesty because I was young and they
wanted a figurehead. So I swore an oath
of fealty to Achaera, and broke it the first
chance I got. It was the only oath I ever
broke, and still I am proud of it. I sailed
with pirates until I was big enough to
master my own ships. That is enough of
an answer.”

  “It may be,” said Khroman slowly. “You
realize, of course, that the conquest of
Conahur took place before I came to the
throne? And that I certainly couldn’t ne-
gate it, in view of the Thalassocrat’s duty
to his own country, and had to punish its
incessant rebelliousness ?”

  “I don’t hold anything against you your-
self, Khroman,” said Corun with a tired
smile. “But I’d give my soul to the nether
fires for the chance to pull your damned
palace down around your ears!”

  “I’m sorry it has to end this way,”
said the king. “You were a brave man.
I’d like to drain many beakers of wine
with you on the other side of death.”
He signed to the guards. “Take him
away.”

  “One moment, sire,” said Shorzon. “Is
it your intention to lock all these pirates
in the same dungeon cell ?”

  “Why—I suppose so. Why not?”

  “I do not trust their captain. Chained
and imprisoned, he is still a menace. I
think he has certain magical techniques—”
“That’s a lie!” spat Corun. “I never
needed your stinking woman’s tricks to
flatten the likes of Achaera!”

  “I would not leave him with his men,"
advised Shorzon imperturbably. “Best he
be given his own cell, alone. I know a
place.”

  “Well—well, let it be so.” Khroman
waved a hand in dismissal.

  As Shorzon turned to lead the guard#

off, he traded a long glance with Chryseis.
Her eyes remained hooded as she looked
after the departing captives.

II

The cell was no longer

than a man’s height, a dripping cave
hewed out of the rock under the palace
foundations. Corun crouched on the stream-
ing floor in utter darkness. The chains
which they had locked to ringbolts in the
wall clashed when he stirred.

  And this was how it ended, he thought
bitterly. The wild career of the exiled
conqueror, the heave and surge of ships
under the running waves, the laughter of
comrades and the clamor of swords and
the thrum of wind in the rigging, had
come to this—one man hunched in a lone-
liness and darkness like a colder womb,
waiting in timeless murk for the day when
they would drag him out to be torn by
beasts for the amusement of fools.

  They fed him at intervals, a slave bring-
ing a bowl of prison swill while a spear-
armed guard stood well out of reach' and
watched. Otherwise he was alone. He
could not even hear the voices of other
captives; there was only the slow dripping
of water and the harsh tones of iron links.
The cell must lie below even the regular
dungeons, far down in the very bowels of
the island.

  Vague images floated across his mind—
the high cliffs about Iliontis Bay, the
great flowers blooming with sullen fires
in the jungle beyond the beach, the slim
black corsair galleys at anchor. He re-
membered the open sky, the eternally
clouded sky under which blew the long
wet winds, out of which spilled rain and
lightning and grew the eerie blue of dusk.
He had often wondered what lay beyond
those upper clouds.

  Now and then, he remembered, one
could see the vague disc of the Heaven-
Fire, and he had heard of times when
incredibly violent storms opened a brief
rift in the high cloud layers to let through
a shaft of searing brilliance at whose touch
water boiled and the earth burst into
flame. It made him think of the specula-
tions />f Conahur’s philosophers, that the
WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS

9

world was really a globe around which
the Heaven-Fire swung, bringing day and
night. Some had gone so far as to imagine
that it was the world which did the mov-
ing, that the Heaven-Fire was a ball of
flame in the middle of creation about
which all other things revolved.

  But Conahur was in chains now, he re-
membered, its folk bowed to the will of
Achaera’s greedy proconsuls, its art and
philosophy the idle playthings of the con-
querors. The younger generation was
growing up with an idea that it might be
best to yield, to become absorbed into
the thalassocracy and so eventually gain
equal status with the Achaerans.

  But Corun could not forget the great
flames flapping against a wind-torn night
sky, the struggling forms at ropes’ ends
swaying from trees, the long lines of
chained people stumbling hopelessly to the
slave galleys under Achaeran lashes. Per-
haps he had carried the grudge too long
—no, by Breannach Brannor! There had
been a family which was no longer. That
was grudge enough for a lifetime.

  A lifetime, he thought sardonically,
which wouldn’t be very much protracted
now.

HE SIGHED WEARILY in the
stinking gloom of the cell. There
were too many memories crowding in. The
outlaw years had been hard and desperate,
but they’d been good ones too. There had
been song and laughter and comradeship
and gigantic deeds over an endless waste
of waters—the long blue hush of twilight,
the soft black nights, the gray days with
a sea running gray and green and gold
under squalls of rain, the storms roaring
and raging, the eager leap of a ship—
frenzy of battle at the taking of town
or galley, death so close one could almost hear
the beat of black wings, orgy of loot and
vengeance—the pirate town, grass huts
under jungle trees, stuffed with treasure,
full of brawling bawdy life, the scar-faced
swaggering men and the lusty insolent wo-
men, ruddy fire-light hammering back the
night while the stfrf thundered endlessly
along the beach—

  Well, all things came to a close. And
while he would have wished a differ

sort of death for himself, he didn’t have
long to wait in this misery.

  Something stirred, far down the nar-
row corridor, and he caught the flickering
glow of a torch. Scowling, he stood up,
stooped under the low ceiling. Who in
all the hells was this? It was too soon
for feeding, unless his time sense had gone
completely awry, and he didn’t think the
games could have been prepared in the
few days since his arrival.

  They came up to the entrance of the
cell and stood looking in by the guttering
red torchlight. A snarl twisted Corun’s
lips. Shorzon and Chryseis—-“Of all the
scum of Achaera,” he growled, “I had to
be inflicted with you.’'

  “This is no time for insolence,” said
the sorcerer coldly. He lifted the torch
higher. The red light threw his face into
blood-splashed shadow. His eyes were pits
of darkness in which smoldered two em-
bers. His black robe blended with the
surrounding shadow, his face and hands
seemed to float disembodied in the dank
air.

  Corun’s eyes traveled to Chryseis, and
in spite of the hate that burned in him he
had to admit she was perhaps the loveliest
woman he had ever seen. Tall and slim and
lithe, moving with the soundless grace of
a Sanduvian pherax, the dark hair sheen-
ing down past the chill sculptured beauty
of her marble-white face, she returned his
blue stare with eyes of dark flame. She
was dressed as if for action—a brief tunic
that left arms and legs bare, a short black
cloak, and high buskins—but jewels still
blazed at throat and wrists.

  Behind her padded a lean shadow at
sight of which Corun stiffened. He had
heard of Chryseis’ tame erinye. Folk said
the devil-beast had found a harder heart
in the witch’s breast and yielded to her;
some said less mentionable things.

  The slitted green eyes flared at Corun
and the cruel muzzle opened in a fanged
yawn. “Back, Perias,” said Chryseis evenly.

  Her voice was low and sweet, almost a
caress. It seemed strange that such a voice
had spoken the rituals of black sorcery
and ordered the flaying alive of a thousand
helpless Issarian prisoners and counseled
some of the darkest intrigues in Achaera’s
10

PLANET STORIES

bloody history.

  She said to Corun: “This is a fine end
for all your noble thoughts, man of Con-
ahur.”

  “At least,” he answered, “you credit me
with having had them. Which is more
than I’d say for you.”

THE RED LIPS curved in a cynical
smile. “Human purposes have a habit
of ending this way. The mighty warrior,
the scourge of the seas, ends in a foul
prison cell waiting for an unimaginative
death. The old epics lied, didn’t they?
Life isn’t quite the glorious adventure
that fools think it to be.”

  “It could be, if it weren’t for your
sort.” Wearily: “Go away, won’t you?
If you won’t even let me talk with my
old comrades, you can at least spare me
your own company.”

  “We are here with a definite purpose,”
said Shorzon. “We offer you life, free-
dom—and the liberation of Conahur!”
He shook his tawny head. “It isn’t even
funny.”

  “No, no, I mean it,” said Chryseis ear-
nestly. “Shorzon had you put in here alone
not out of malice, but simply to make this
private talk possible. You can help us
with a project so immeasurably greater
than your petty quarrels that anything
you can ask in return will be as nothing.
And you are the one man who can do so.

  “I tell you this so that, realizing you
have some kind of bargaining position, you
will meet as us as equal to equal, not as
prisoner to captor. If you agree to aid us,
you will be released this instant.”

  With a sudden flame within him, Corun
tautened his huge body. O gods—O al-
mighty gods beyond the clouds—if it were
true—!

  His voice shook: “What do you want ?”
“Your help in a desperate venture,’*
said Chryseis. “I tell you frankly that we
may well all die in it. But at least you
will die as a free man—and if we suc-
ceed, all the world may be ours.”

  “What is it?” he asked hoarsely.

  “I cannot tell you everything now,”1
said Shorzon. “But the story has long
been current that you once sailed to the
lairs of the Xanthi, the Sea Demons, and

returned alive. Is it true?”

  “Aye.” Corun stiffened, with sudden
alarm trembling in his nerves. “Aye, by
great good luck I came back. But they
are not a race for humans to traffic with.”
“I think the powers I can summon will
match theirs,” said Shorzon. “We want
you to guide us to their dwellings and
teach us the language on the way, as well
as whatever else you know about them.
When we return, you may go where you
choose. And if we get their help, we will
be able to set Conahur free soon after-
ward.”

  Corun shook his head. “It’s nothing
good that you plan,” he said slowly. “No
one would approach the Xanthi for any
good purpose.”

  “You did, didn’t you?” chuckled the
wizard dryly. “If you want the truth, we
are after their help in seizing the govern-
ment of Achaera, as well as certain knowl-
edge they have.”

  “If you succeeded,” argued Corun stub-
bornly, “why should you then let Cona-
hur go?”

  “Because power over Achaera is only a
step to something too far beyond the petty
goals of empire for you to imagine,” said
Shorzon bleakly. “You must decide now,
man. If you refuse, you die.”

  Chryseis moved one slim hand and the
erinye padded forward on razor-clawed
feet. The leathery wings were folded back
against the long black body, the barbed
tail lashed hungrily and a snarl vibrated
in the lean throat. “If you say no,” came
the woman’s sweet voice, “Perias will rip
your guts out. That will at least afford us
an amusing spectacle for our trouble.”
Then she smiled, the dazzling smile which
had driven men to their doom ere this.
“But if you say yes,” she whispered, “a
destiny waits for you that kings would
envy. You are a strong man, Corun. I
like strong men—”

  The corsair looked into the warm dark
light of her eyes, and back to the icy
glare of the devil-beast. No unarmed man
had ever survived the onslaught of an erin-
ye—and he was chained.

At thought of returning to the dark
home of the Xanthi, he shuddered. But
still wondrous sweet, and—once
WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS

11

free to move about, he might still have
some chance of escape or even of over-
powering them.

  Or—who knew? He wondered, with a
brief giddiness, if the dark witch before
him could be as evil as her enemies said.
Strong and ruthless, yes—but so was he.
When he learned the full truth about
her soaring plans, he might even decide
they were right.

  In any case—to live! To die, if he
must, under the sky!

  “I’ll go,” he said hoarsely. “I’ll go with
you.”

  The low exultant laughter of Chryseis
sang in the flare-lit gloom.

  Shorzon came up and took a key from
his belt. For a bare moment, the thought of
snapping that skinny neck raged through
Corun’s mind.

  The magician smiled grimly. “Don’t try
it,”, he said. “As a small proof of what
we can do—”

  Suddenly he was not there. It was a
monster from the jungles of Umlotu stand-
ing in the cell with Corun, a scaled beast
that hissed at him with grinning jaws
and spewed poison on the floor.

SORCERY! Corun shrank back, a chill
of fear striking even his steely heart.
Shorzon resumed human shape and word-
lessly unlocked the chains. They fell away
and Corun stumbled out into the corridor.

  The erinye snarled and slipped closer.
Chryseis laid a hand on the beast’s head,
checking that gliding rush as if with a
leash. Her smile and the faint sweet scent
of her hair were dizzying.

  “Come,” she said. One hand slipped be-
tween his own fingers and the cool touch
seemed to burn him.

  Shorzon led the way, down a long slop-
ing tunnel where only the streaming torch-
flames had life. Their footsteps echoed
hollowly in the wet black length of it.

  “We go at once,” he said. “When Khro-
man learns of your escape, all Tauros will
be after us. But it will be too late then.
We sail swiftly tonight.”

  Sail—whither ?

  “What of my men?” asked Corun.

  “They’re lost, I’m afraid, unless Khro-
man spares them until we get back,‘'ys"'.'

 Chryseis. “But we saved you. I’m glad
 of that.”

   A faint smell of fresh salty air blew up
 the tunnel. It must open on the sea,
 thought Corun. He wondered how many
 passages riddled the depth under Tauros.

   They came out, finally, on a narrow
 beach under the looming western cliffs.
 The precipices climbed into the utter dark
 of night, reaching into the unseen sky.
 Before them lay open sea, swirling with
 phosphorescence. Corun drew deep lung-
 fulls of air. Salt and seaweed and wet
 wild wind—sand under his feet, sky over-
 head, a woman beside him—by the gods,
 it was good to be alive!

   A galley was moored against a tiny
 pier. By the light of bobbing torches,
 Corun’s mariner’s eye surveyed her. She
 was built along the same lines as his own
 ship, a lean black vessel with one square
 sail; open-decked save at stem and stern,
 rower’s benches lining the sides with a
 catwalk running between. There would
 be quarters for the men under the- poop
 and forecastle decks, supplies in the hold
 beneath. A cabin was erected near the
 waist, apparently for officers, and there

 was a ballista mounted in the bows--

 otherwise no superstructure. A carved sea
 monster reared up for figurehead, and the
 sternpost curved back to make its tail. He
 read the name on the bows: Briseia.
 Strange that that dark vessel should bear
 a girl’s name.

   About a fifty-man capacity, he judged.
 And she would be fast.

   The crew were getting aboard—they
 must have come down the cliffs along
 some narrow trail. They were all Umlo-
 tuan blues, he noticed, a cutthroat gang
 if ever he saw one but silent and well
 disciplined. It was shrewd to take only
 the mercenary warriors along; they had
 no patriotic interest in what happened to
 Achaera, and their reckless courage was
 legendary.

   A burly one-eyed officer came up and
 saluted. “All set, sir,” he reported.

   “Good,” nodded Shorzon. “Captain Im- *
 azu, this is our guide, Captain Corun.”

   “The raider, eh?” Imazu chuckled and
 jshook hands in the manner of the bar-
 barians. “Well, we could hardly have a
12

PJLAJVET STORIES

better one, I’m sure. Glad to know you,
Corun.”

  The pirate murmured polite phrases.
But he decided that Imazu was a likeable
chap, and wondered what had led him to
take service under anyone with Shor-
zon’s reputation.

  They went aboard. “The Sea of Demons
lies due north,” said Shorzon. “Is that
the right way to sail?”

  “For the time being,” nodded Corun.
“When we get closer, I’ll be able to tell
you more exactly.”

  “Then you may as well wash and rest,”'
said Chryseis. “You need both.” Her smile
was soft in the flickering red light.

  Corun entered the cabin. It was divided
into three compartments—apparently Ima-
zu slept with his men, or perhaps on deck
as many men preferred. His own tiny
room was clean, sparsely furnished with
a bunk and a washbowl. He cleaned him-
self eagerly and put on the fresh tunic
laid out for him.

  When he came back on deck the ship
was already under way. A strong south
wind was blowing, filling the dark sail,
and the Briseia surged forward under its
thrust. The phosphorescence shone around
her hull and out on the rolling waters.
Behind, the land faded into the night.

  He’d certainly been given no chance to
escape, he thought. Barring miracles, he
had to go through with it now—at least
until they reached the Sea of Demons,
after which anything might happen.

  He shivered a little, wondering darkly
whether he had done right, wondering
what their mission was and what the
world’s fate was to be as a result of it.

  Chryseis slipped quietly up to stand be-
side him. The erinye crouched down near-
by, his baleful eyes never leaving the
man.

  “Outward bound,” she said, and laugh-
ter was gay in her voice.

  He said nothing, but stared ahead into
the night.

  “You’d better sleep, Corun,” she said.
“You’re tired now, and you’ll need all
your strength later.” She laid a hand on
his arm, and laughed aloud. “It will be
an interesting voyage, to say the least.”

  Rather! he thought with wry humors

It occurred to him that the trip might
even have its pleasant aspects.

  “Goodnight, Corun,” she said, and left
him.

  Presently he went back to his room.
Sleep was long in coming, and uneasy
when it did arrive.

Ill

WHEN HE CAME OUT ON DECK
in the early morning, there was
only a gray emptiness of waters out to
the gray horizon. They must have left
the whole Achaeran archipelago well be-
hind them and be somewhere in the Zurian
Sea now.

  There was a smell of rain in the air,
and the ship ran swiftly before a keening
wind over long white-maned rollers. Cor-
un let the tang of salt and moisture and
kelp, the huge restless vista of bounding
waves, the creak and thrum of the ship
and the thundering surge of the ocean,
swell luxuriously up within him, the sim-
ple animal joy of being at home. The sea
was his home now, he realized vaguely;
he had been on it so long that it was
his natural environment—his, as much as
that of the laridae wheeling on white
wings in the cloud-flying heavens.

  He looked over the watch. It seemed
to be well handled—the sailors knew their
business. There were armored guards at
bow and stern, and the rest—clad in the
plain loincloth of ordinary seamen the
world over—were standing by the sail,
swabbing the decks, making minor repairs
and otherwise occupying themselves. Those
off duty were lounging or sleeping well out
of the watch’s way. The helmsman kept
his eye on the compass and held the tiller
with a practiced hand—good, good.

 Captain Imazu padded up to him on
bare feet. The Umlotuan wore helmet
and corselet, had a sword at his side, and
carried the whip of authority in one
gnarled blue hand. His scarred, one-eyed
face cracked in a smile. “Good morning
to you, Captain Corun,” he said politely.

  The Conahurian nodded with an amia-
bility he had not felt for a long time.
“The ship is well handled,” he said.

^‘/Thanks. I’m about the only Umlotuan
WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS

13

who’s ever skippered anything bigger than
a war-canoe, I suppose, but I was in the
Achaeran fleet for a long time.” Again
the hideous but disarming smile. “I nearly
met you professionally once or twice be-
fore, but you always showed us a clean
pair of L heels. Judging from what hap-
pened to ships that did have the misfor-
tune to overhaul you, I’m just as glad of
it.” He gestured to the tiny galley below
the poop deck. “How about some break-
fast?”

OVER FOOD which was better than
most to be had aboard ship, they
fell into professional talk. Like all cap-
tains, Imazu was profoundly interested in
the old and seemingly insoluble problem
of finding an accurate position. “Dead
reckoning just won’t do,” he complained.
“Men’s estimates always differ, no matter
how good they may be. There isn’t even
a decent map to be had anywhere.”

  Corun mentioned the efforts of theo-
rists in Achaera, Conahur, and other civ-
ilized states to use the Heaven-Fire’s alti-
tude to determine position north and south
of a given line. Imazu was aware of their
work, but regarded it as of little practical
value. “You just don’t see it often enough,”
he objected. “And most of the crew would
consider it the worst sort of impiety to go
aiming an instrument at it That’s one
reason, I suppose, why Shorzon shipped
only Umlotuans. We don’t worship the
Heaven-Fire—our gods all live below the
clouds.” He cut himself a huge quid of
liangzi and stuffed it into his capacious
mouth. “Anyway, it doesn’t give you east
and west position.”

   “The philosophers who think the world
is round say we could solve that problem
by making an accurate timepiece,” said
Corun.

   “I know. But it’s a lot of gas, if you
ask me. A sand-glass or a water-clock can
only tell time so close and no closer, and
those mechanical gadgets they’ve built are
worse yet. I knew an old skipper from
Norriki once who kept a joss in his cabin
and got his position in dreams from it.
Only had one wreck in his life.” Imazu
grinned. “Of course, he drowned then.”

  “Look,” said Corun suddenly, “do yp**

know where the hell we’re going, and
why ?”

  “To the Sea of Demons is all they told
me. No reason given.” Imazu studied
Corun with his sharp black eye. “You
don’t know either, eh? I’ve a notion that
most of us won’t live to find out.”

  “I’m surprised that any crew could be
made to go there without a mutiny.”
“This gang of bully boys is only fright-
ened of Shorzon and his witch grand-
daughter. They—” Imazu shut up. Look-
ing around, Corun saw the two approach-
ing.

  In the morning light, Chryseis did not
seem the luring devil-woman of the night.
She moved with easy grace across the
rolling deck, the wind blowing her tunic
and her long black hair in careless billows,
and there was a girlish joy and eagerness
in her. The pirate’s heart stumbled and
began to race.

  She chattered gaily of nothing while
she and the old man ate. Shorzon re-
mained silent until he was through, then
said curtly to the two men: “Come into
the cabin with us.”

  They filled Corun’s tiny room, sitting
on bunk and floor. Shorzon said slowly,
“We may as well begin now to learn
what you know, Corun. What is the truth
about your voyage to the Xanthi?”

  “It was several seasons ago,” replied
the corsair. “I got the thought you seem
to have had, that possibly I could enlist
their help against my enemies.” He smiled
mirthlessly. “I learned better.”

  “What do we know of them, exactly?”
said Shorzon methodically. He ticked the
points off on his lean fingers. “They are
an amphibious non-human race dwelling
in the Sea of Demons, which is said to
grow grass so that ships become tangled
there and never escape.”

  “Not so,” said Corun. “There’s kelp
on the surface, but you can sail right
through it. I think the Sea is just a dead
region of water around which the great
ocean currents move.”

  “I know,” said Shorzon impatiently,
and resumed his summary: “Generations
ago, the Xanthi, of whose presence men
had only been vaguely aware before, fell
upon all the islands in their sea and slew
14	PLANET

the people living there. They had great
numbers, as well as tamed sea monsters
and unknown powers of sorcery, so that
no one could stand against them. Since
then, they have not gone beyond their
borders, but they ruthlessly destroy all
human vessels venturing inside. King Phi-
dion III of Achaera sent a great fleet to
drive the Xanthi from their stolen terri-
tory. Not one ship returned. Men now
shun the whole region as one accursed.”
Imazu nodded. “There’s a sailor’s le-
gend that the souls of the damned go to
the Xanthi,” he offered.

  Shorzon gave him an exasperated look.
“I’m only interested in facts,” he said
coldly. “What do you know, Corun ?”

  “I know what you just said, as who
doesn’t?” answered the Conahurian. “But
I think they must have limits to their
powers, and be reasonable creatures—but
the limits are far beyond man’s, and
their reason is not as ours.

  “I didn’t try an invasion, of course. I
took one small fast boat manned with
picked volunteers and waited outside the
Sea for a storm that would blow me into
it. When that came, we ran before it—
fast! In the rain and wind and waves, I
figured we could get undetected far into
their borders. So, it seemed, we could,
and in fact we made it almost to the largest
island inside. Then they came at us.

  “They were riding cetaraea, and driving
sea serpents before them. They had spears
and bows and swords, and there were
hundreds of them. Any one of the snakes
could have smashed our boat. We ran for
land and barely made it.

  “We hadn’t come to fight, so we held up
our hands as the Xanthi leaped ashore
and wondered if they’d just hack us down.
But, as I’d hoped, they wanted to know
what we were there for. So they took us
to the black castle on the island.”

Momentarily Corun was cold as

the memory of that wet dark place
of evil shuddered through his mind. “I
can’t tell you much about it. They have
great powers of sorcery, and the place
seemed somehow unreal, never the same
—always wrong, always with something
horrible just beyond vision in the shadows.'*

STORIES

I remember the whole time as if it were
a dream. There were treasures beyond
counting. I saw gold and jewels from the
sea bottom, mixed in with human skulls
and the figureheads of drowned ships.
The light was dim and blue, and there
was always fog, and noises for which
we had no name hooting out in the gloom.
It stank, with the vile fishy smell they
have. And the walls seemed to have a
watery unreality, as I said, shifting and
fading like smoke. You could smell sor-
cery in the very air of that place.

  “They kept us there for many ten-
days. We’d brought rich gifts, of course,
which they accepted ungraciously, and
they housed us in a dungeon under guard.
They didn’t feed us so badly, if you like
a steady fish diet. And they taught us
their language.”

  “How does it sound?” as Chryseis.

  “I can’t make it come out right. No
human throat can. Something like this—”
They stiffened at the chill hissing that
slithered from Corum’s lips. “It has words
for things I never did understand, and it
lacks many of the commonest human
words—fear, joy, hope, adventure—” His
glance slid to Chryseis—"love—”

  "Do they have a word for hate ?” asked
Shorzon.

  “Oh, yes,” Corun grinned without hu-
mor. After a moment he went on: “They
wanted to know more of the outside world.
That was why they spared our lives. When
we knew the language well enough, they
began to question us. How they ques-
tioned us! It got to be torture, those un-
ending days of answering the things that
hissed and gabbled at us in those shadowy
rooms. It was like a nightmare, where
mad happenings go on without ever end-
ing. Politics, science, philosophy, art, geo-
graphy—they wanted to know it all. They
pumped us dry of knowledge. When we
came to something they didn’t understand,
such as—love, say—they went back and
forth over the same ground, over and
over again, until we thought we’d go crazy.

   And at last they’d give up in bafflement.
I think they believe humans to be mad.

  “I made my offer, of course: the loot
of Achaera in exchange for the freedom
gf Conahur. They—I might almost" say
WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS

15

they laughed. Finally they answered in
scorn that they could take whatever they
wanted, the whole world if need be, with-
out my help.”

   Shorzon’s eyes glittered. “Did you find
out anything of their powers?” he asked
eagerly.

  “A little. They put any human magi-
cian to shame, of course. I saw them
charm sea monsters to death ju8t to eat
them. I saw them working on a new build-
ing on the island—they planted a little
package somewhere, and set fire to it, and
great stones leaped into the air with a
bang like thunder. I saw their cetaraea
cavalry, their tamed war-snakes—oh, yes,
they have more powers than I could name.
And their numbers must be immense. They
live on the sea bottom, you know—that
is, their commoners do. The leaders have
strongholds on land as well. They farm
both sea and land, and have great smithies
on the islands.

   “Well, in the end they let us go. They
were going to put us to death for our
trespass, I think, but I did some fast
talking. I told them that we could carry
word of their strength back to humans
and overawe our race with it, so that if
they ever wanted to collect tribute or
something of the sort, they’d never have
to fight for it. Probably that carried less
weight than the fact that we had, after all,
done no harm and been of some use. They
had no logical reason to kill us—so they
didn’t.” Corun smiled grimly. “We were
a pretty tough crew, prepared to take a
few Xanthi to death with us even if we
were disarmed. Their killing-charms seem
to work only on animals. That was another
reason to spare us.

   “One of their wizards was for having me,
at least, slain. He said he’d had a pre-
vision of my return with ruin in my wake.
But the others—laughed?—at him, at the
very thought of a human’s being dangerous
to them. Moreover, they pointed out, if
that was to be the case then there was
nothing they could do about it; they
seem to believe in a fixed destiny. But
the idea amused them so much that it was
still another reason for letting us go.”
Corun shrugged. “So we sailed away.
That’s all. And never till now did I have

any smallest thought of returning.”

   He added bleakly after a moment when
silence had been heavy: “They have all
they want to know from my visit. There
will be no reason for them to spare us
this time.”

“I think there will,” said Chryseis.
“There’d better be,” muttered Imazu.
“You can start teaching us their lan-
guage,” said Shorzon. “It might not be a
bad idea for you to learn too, Imazu. The
more who can talk to them, the better.”
The Umlotuan made a wry face. “An-
other tongue to learn! By the topknot of
Mwanzi, why can’t the world settle on
one and end this babble!”

   “The poor interpreters would starve to
death,” smiled Chryseis.

   She took Corun’s arm. “Come, my buc-
caneer, let’s go up on deck for a while.
There’s always time to learn words.”

THEY FOUND a quiet spot on the
forecastle deck, and sat down against
the rail. The erinye settled his long body
beside Chryseis and watched Corun with
sleepy malevolence, but he was hardly
aware of the devil-beast. It was Chryseis,
Chryseis, dark sweet hair and dark lam-
bent eyes, utter loveliness of face and
form, singing golden voice and light warm
touch and—

  “You are a strange man, Corun,” she
said softly. “What are you thinking now?”
“Oh—nothing.” He smiled crookedly.
“Nothing.” '

   “I don’t believe that. You have too many
memories.”	:

  Almost without knowing it, he found
himself telling her of his life, the long
terrible struggle against overwhelming
power, the bitterness and loneliness, the
death of comrades one by one—and the
laughter and triumphs and wild exultance
of it, the faring into unknown seas and
the dicing with fate and the strong, close
bonds of men against the world. He mused
wistfully about a girl who was gone—but
her bright image was strangely fading in
his heart now, for it was Chryseis who
was beside him. '

   “It has been a hard life,” she said at
the end. “It took a giant of a man to
pndure it.” She smiled, a small closed smile
16

PLANET STORIES

that made her look strangely young. “I
wonder what you must think of this—
sailing with your sworn foes to the end
' of the world on an unknown mission.”
"You’re not my foe!” he blurted.

  “No—never your enemy, Corun!” she
exclaimed. “We have been on opposite
sides before—let it not be thus from this
moment. I tell you that the purpose of
this voyage, which you shall soon know,
is—good. Great and good as the savagery
of man has never known before. You
, know the old legend—that someday the
Heaven-Fire will shine through opening
clouds not as a destroying flame but as
the giver of life—that men will see light
in the sky even at night—that there will
be peace and justice for all mankind? I
think that day may be dawning, Corun.”
He sat dumbly, bewildered. She was
not evil—she was not evil—It was all he
knew, but it sang within him.

  Suddenly she laughed and sprang to
her feet. “Come on!” she cried. “I’ll race
you around the ship!”

IV

Rain and wind came, a

lightning-shot squall in which the
Briseia wallowed and bucked and men
strained at oars and pumps. Toward even-
ing it was over, the sea stilled and the
lower clouds faded so that they saw the
great dull-red disc of the Heaven-Fire
through the upper clouds, sinking into the
western sea. There was almost a flat calm,
the glassy water was ruffled only by a
faint breeze which half filled the sail and
sent the galley sliding slowly and noise-
lessly northward.

   “Man the oars,” directed Shorzon.

  “Give the men a chance to rest to-
night, sir,” begged Imazu. “They’ve all
worked hard today. We can row all the
faster tomorrow if we must.”

   “No time to spare,” snapped the wizard.
 “Yes, there is,” said Corun flatly. “Let
 the men rest, Imazu.”

  Shorzon gave him a baleful glance.
“You forget your position aboard.”

   Corun bristled. “I think I’m just be-
ginning to remember it,” he answered with
metal in his voice.

  Chryseis laid a hand on her grand-
father’s arm. “He’s right,” she said. “So
is Imazu. It would be needless cruelty to
make the sailors work tonight, and they
will be better fitted by a night’s rest.”

  “Very well,” said Shorzon sullenly. He
went into his room and slammed the door.
Presently Chryseis bade the men good-
night and went to her quarters with the
erinye trotting after.

  Corun’s eyes followed her through the
deepening blue dusk. In that mystic light,
the ship was a shadowy half-real back-
ground, a dimness beyond which the sea
swirled in streamers of cold white ra-
diance.

  “She’s a-strange woman,” said Imazu.
“I don’t understand her/’

  “Nor I,” admitted Corun. “But I know
now her enemies have foully lied about
her.”

  “I’m not so sure about that—” As the
Conahurian turned with a dark frown,
Imazu added quickly, “Oh, well, I’m prob-
ably wrong. I never had much sight of
her, you know.”

  They wandered up on the poop deck
in search of a place to sit. It was deserted
save for the helmsman by the dimly glow-
ing binnacle, a deeper shadow in the
thick blue twilight. Sitting back against
the taffrail, they could look forward to
the lean waist of the ship and the vague
outline of the listlessly bellying sail. Be-
yond the hull, the sea was an arabesque
of luminescence, delicate traceries of shift-
ing white light out to the glowing horizon.
The cold fire streamed from the ship’s
bows and whirled in her wake, the hull
dripped liquid flame.

  The night was very quiet. The faint hiss
and smack of cloven water, creak o£
planks and tackle, distant splashing of
waves and invisible sea beasts—otherwise
there was only the enormous silence under
the high clouds. The breeze was cool on
their cheeks.

  “How long till we get to the Sea of
Demons?” asked Imazu. His voice was
oddly hushed in the huge stillness.

  “With ordinary sailing weather, I'd say
about three ten-days—maybe four,” an-
swered Corun indifferenlly.

a strange mission we’re on, aye,
WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS

17

that it is.” Imazu’s head wagged, barely
visible in the dark. “I like it not, Corun.
I have evil feelings about it, and the
omens I took before leaving weren’t good.”
“Why then did you sail? You’re a free
man, aren’t you?”

  “So they say!” Sudden bitterness rose
in the Umlotuan’s voice. “Free as any of
Shorzon’s followers, which is to say less
free than a slave, who can at least run
away.”

  “Why, doesn’t he pay well?”

  “Oh, aye, he is lavish in that regard.
But he has his ways of binding servants
to him so that they must do his bidding
above that of the very gods. He put
his geas on most of these sailors, for in-
stance. They were simple folk, and thought
he was only magicking them a good-luck
charm.”

  “You mean they are bound? He has
their souls?”

• “Aye. He put them to sleep in some
sorcerous way and impressed his command
on them. No matter what happens now,
they must obey him. The geas is stronger
than their own wills.”

  Corun shivered. "Are you—Pardon. It’s
no concern of mine.”

  “No, no, that’s all right. He put no
such binding on me—I knew better than
to accept his offer of a luck-bringing spell.
But he has other ways. He lent me a slave-
girl from Umlotu for my pleasure—but
she is lovely, wonderful, kind, all-that a
woman should be. She has borne me sons,
and made homecoming ever a joy. But you
see, she is still Shorzon’s and he will not
sell her to me or free her—moreover, he
did put his geas on her. If ever I rebelled,
she would suffer for it.” Imazu spat over
the rail. "So I am Shorzon’s creature too.”'
“It must be a strange service.”

   “It is. Mostly all I have to do is captain
his bodyguard. But I’ve seen and helped
in some dark things. He’s a fiend from
the lowest hell, Shorzon is. And his
granddaughter—” Imazu stopped.

  “Yes?” asked Corun roughly. His hand
closed bruisingly on the other’s arm. “Go
on. What of her?”

  “Nothing. Nothing. I really have had
little to do with her.” Imazu’s face was

2—Planet—January

lost in the gloom, but Corun felt the one
eye hard on him. “Only—be careful, pi-
rate. Don’t let her lay her own sort of
geas on you. You’ve been a free man
till now. Don’t become anyone’s blind
slave.”

  “I’ve no such intention,” said Corun
frostily.

  “Then no more need be said.” Imazu
sighed heavily and got up. “I think I’ll
go to bed, then. What of you?”

  “Not yet. I’m not sleepy. Goodnight.”

  “Goodnight.”

CORUN sat back alone. He could
barely discern the helmsman—beyond
lay only glowing darkness and the whis-
pering of the night. He felt loneliness
like a cold hollow within his breast.

  Father and mother, his tall brothers and
his laughing lovely sister, the comrades of
youth, the hard wild stout-hearted pirates
with whom he had sailed for such a long
and bloody time— where were they now ?
Where in all the blowing night were they ?

  Where was he and on what mission,
sailing alone through a pit of darkness
on a ship of strangers? What meaning
and hope in all the cruel insanity of the
world ?

  Suddenly he wanted his mother, he
wanted to lay his head on her lap and
cry in desolation and hear her gentle voice
—no, by the gods, it wasn’t her image
he saw, it was a lithe and dark-haired
witch who was crooning to him and strok-
ing his hair—

  He cursed tonelessly and got up. Best
to go to bed and try to sleep his fancies
away. He was becoming childish.

  He went down the catwalk toward the
cabin. As he neared it, he saw a figure by
the rail darkly etched against a shimmering
patch of phosphorescence. His heart
sprang into his throat.

  She turned as he came near. “Corun,”
she said. “I couldn’t sleep. Come over
here and talk to me. Isn’t the night beau-
tiful?”

  He leaned on the rail, not daring to
look at the haunting face pale-lit by the
swirling sea-fire. “It’s nice,” he said clum-
sily.

  “But it’s lonely,” she whispered, “I
18

PLANET

STORIES

never felt so sad and alone before.”

  “Why—why, that’s how I felt!” he blur-
ted.

  “Corun—”

  She came to him and he took her with
a sudden madness of yearning.

  Perias the erinye snarled as they thrust
him out of her cabin. He padded up and
down the deck for a while. A sailor who
stood watch near the forecastle followed
him with frightened eyes and muttered
prayers to the amulet about his neck.

  Presently the devil-beast curled up be-
fore the cabin. The lids drooped over
his green eyes, but they remained un-
winkingly fixed on the door.

V

UNDER A HOT SULLEN SKY,
the windless sea swelled in long slow
waves that rocked the tangled kelp and
ocean-grass up and down, heavenward and
hellward. To starboard, the dark cliffs of
a small jungled island rose from an angry
muttering surf, but there were no birds
flying above it.

  Corun pointed to the shore. “That’s the
first of the archipelago,” he said. “From
here on, we can look for the Xanthi to
come at any time.”'

  “We should get as far into their terri-
tory as possible, even to the black palace,”
said Shorzon. “I will put a spell of invisi-
bility on the ship.”

  “Their sorcerers can break that,” said
Chryseis.

  “Aye, so. But when they come to know
our powers, I think they will treat with
us.”

  “They’d better!” smiled Imazu grimly.
“Steer on toward the island of the cas-
tle,” said Shorzon to the pirate. “I go
to lay the spell.”

  He went into his cabin. Corun had a
glimpse of its dark interior before the
door was closed—draped in black and
filled with the apparatus of magic.

  “He will have to be in a trance, physi-
cally, to maintain the enchantment,” said
Chryseis. She smiled at Corun, and his
pulses raced. “Come, my dearest, it is
cooler on the afterdeck.”

  The sailors rowed steadily, sweat glis-

tening on their bare blue hides. Imazu
paced up and down the catwalk, flicking
idlers with his whip. Corun stood where
he could keep an eye on the steersman and
see that the right course was followed.

  It had been utter wonder till now, he
thought, unending days when they plowed
through seas of magic, nights of joy such
as he had never known. There had never
been another woman such as Chryseis, he
thought, never in all the world, and he
was the luckiest of men. Though he died
today, he had been more fortunate than
any man ever dared dream.

  Chryseis, Chryseis, loveliest and wisest
and most valiant of women—and she was
his, before all the jealous gods, she loved
him!

  “There has only been one thing wrong,”-
he said. “You are going into danger now.
The world would go dark if aught befell
you.”

  “And I should sit at home while you
were away, and never know what had hap-
pened, never know if you lived or died
—no, no, Corun!”

  He laid a hand on the sword at his
waist. They had given him arms and
armor again after she had come to him.
Logical enough, he thought without re-
sentment—he could be trusted now, as
much as if he were one of Shorzon’s en-
sorcelled warriors.

  But if this were a spell too, the gods
deliver him from ever being freed of it!

  He blinked. There was a sudden breath
of chill on him, and his eyes were blurring
—no, no, it was the ship that wavered,
ship and men fading—He clutched at
Chryseis. She laughed softly and slipped
an arm around his waist.

  “It is only Shorzon’s spell,” she said.
“It affects us too, to some extent. And
it makes the ship invisible to anyone with-
in seeing range.”

  Ghost ship, ghost crew, slipping over
the slowly heaving waters. There was only
the foggiest outline to be seen, shadow
of mast and rigging against the sky, glimp-
ses of water through the gray smoke of
the hull, blobs of darkness that were the
crewmen. Sound was still clear; he heard
the mutter of superstitious awe, the crack
of ^p'Whip, and Imazu’s oaths that sent
WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS

19

the oars creaking and splashing again.
Corun’s hand was a misty blur before his
eyes. Chryseis was a shadow beside him.

  She laughed once more, a low exultant
throb, and pulled his lips down to hers.
He ruffled the streaming fragrant hair
and felt a return of courage. It was only
a spell.

  But what were the spells? he wondered
for the thousandth time. He did not hold
with the simple theory that wizards were
in league with gods or demons. They had
powers, yes, but he was sure that some-
how these powers came only from within
themselves. Chryseis had always evaded
his questions about it. There must be some
simple answer to the problem, some real
process, as real as that of making a fire,
behind the performances of the sorcerers
—but it baffled him to think what it might
be.

  Blast it all, it just wasn’t reasonable
that Shorzon, for instance, should have
been able actually to change himself into
a jungle monster many times his size.
Yet he, Corun, had seen the thing, had
felt its wet scales and smelled its reptile
stink. How?

THE SHIP plowed slowly on. Now
and then Corun looked at the com-
pass, straining his eyes to discern the
blurred needle. Otherwise they could only
wait.

  But waiting with Chryseis was remark-
ably pleasant.

  It was at the end of a timeless time,
perhaps half a day, that he saw the Xan-
thian patrol. “Look,” he pointed. “Therg
they come.”

  Chryseis stared boldly over the sea. The
hand beneath his was steady as her voice:
“So I see. They’re—beautiful, aren’t they?”

  The cetaraea came leaping across the
waves, big graceful beasts with the shapes
of fish, their smooth black hides shining
and the water white behind their threshing
tails. Astride each was a great golden form
bearing a lance. They quartered across
the horizon and were lost to sight.

  The crew mumbled in fear, shaken to
their hardy souls by the terrible unhuman
grace of the Xanthi. Imazu cursed them
back to work. The ship went on.

  Islands slipped by, empty of man-sign.
They had glimpses of Xanthian works,
spires and walls rearing above the jungle.
These were not the white colonnaded build-
ings of Tauros or the timbered halls of
Conahur—of black stone they were, with
pointed towers ^climbing crazily skyward.
Once a great sea serpent reared its head,
spouted water, and writhed away. All
creatures save man could sense the pres-
ence of wizardry and refused to go near
it.

  Night fell, an abyss of night broken
only by faint glimmers of sea-fire under
the carpeting weed. Men stood uneasy
watch in full armor, peering blindly into
the somber immensity. It was hot, hot and
silent.

  Near midnight the lookout shouted from
the masthead: “Xanthi to larboard!”

  “Silence, you fool!” called Imazu.
“Want them to hear us?”

  The patrol was a faint swirl and streak-
ing of phosphorescence, blacker shadows
against the night. It was coming nearer.

  “Have they spotted us?” wondered
Corun.

  “No,” breathed Chryseis. “But they’re
close enough for their mounts—”

  There was a great snorting and splash-
ing out in the murk. The cetaraea were
refusing to go into the circle of Shor-
zon’s spell. Voices lifted, an unhuman
croaking. The erinye, the only animal who
did not seem to mind witchcraft, snarled
in saw-edged tones, eyes a green blaze
against the night.

  Presently the squad turned and slipped
away. “They know something is wrong,
and they’ve gone for help,” said Corun.
“We’ll have a fight on our hands before
long.”

  He stretched his big body, suddenly
eager for action. This waiting was more
than he could stand.

  The ship drove on. Corun and Chryseis
napped on the deck; it was too stiflingly
hot below. The long night wore away.

  In the misty gray of morning, they
saw a dark mass advancing from the west.
Corun’s sword rasped out of the sheath.
It was a long, double-edged blade such
as they used in Conahur, and it was
thirsty.
20
“Kill themI” roared Imazu. “Kill the misbegotten snakesI”

  “Get inside, Chryseis,” he said tightly.

  “Get inside yourself,” she answered.
There was a lilt in her voice like a little
girl’s. He felt her quiver with joyous ex-
pectation.

  The ghostly outlines of the ship wav-
ered, thickened, faded again, flickered back
toward solidity. Suddenly they had sight;
the vessel lay real around them; they saw
each other in helm and corselet, face look-

ing into tautened face.

“They have a wizard along—he broke
Shorzon’s spell,” said the Conahurian.

“We looked for that,” answered Chry-
seis evenly. “But as long as Shorzon keeps
fighting him, there will be a roiling of
magic around us such that none of their
beasts will approach.”

She stood beside him, slim and boyish
in polished cuirass and plumed helmet,

21
22	PLANET

shortsword belted to her waist and a bow
in one hand. Her nostrils quivered, her
eyes shone, and she laughed aloud. “We’ll
drive them off,” she said. “We’ll send
them home like beaten iaganaths.”

  Imazu blew the war-horn, wild brazen
echoes screaming over the sea. His men
drew in the oars, pulled on their armor,
and stood along the rails, waiting.

  “But did we come here to fight them?”
asked Corun.

  “No,” said Chryseis. “But we’ve known
all along that we’d have to give them a
taste of our might before they’d talk to
us.”

  The Xanthian lancers were milling about
half a league away, as if in conference.
Suddenly someone blew a harsh-toned horn
and Corun saw half the troop slide from
the saddle into the water. “So—they’ll
swim at us,” he muttered.

THE ATTACK came from all sides,
converging on the ship in a rush of
foam. As the Xanthi neared, Corun saw
their remembered lineaments and felt the
old clutch of panic. They weren’t human.

  With the fluked tail, one of them had
twice the length of a man. The webbed
hind feet, on which they walked ashore,
were held close to the body; the strangely
human hands carried weapons. They swam
half under water, the dorsal fins rising
over. Their necks were long, with gills
near the blunt-snouted heads; their grin-
ning mouths showed gleaming fangs. The
eyes were big, dark, alive with cold in-
telligence. They bore no armor, but scales
the color of beaten gold covered back
and. sides and tail. They came in at fur-
ious speed, churning the sea behind them.

  Chryseis’ voice rose to a wild shriek.
“Perias! Perias—kill!”

  The erinye howled and unfolded his
leather-webbed wings. Like a hurled spear
he streaked into the air, rushed down on
the nearest Xanthian like a thunderbolt—
claws, teeth, barbed tail, a blinding fury of
blood and death, ripping flesh as if it were
parchment.

  The ship’s ballista chunked and balls of
the ever-burning Achaeran fire were hurled
out to fall blazing among the enemy. Chry-
seis’ bow hummed beside Corun, a Xan-

STORIES

thian went under with an arrow in his
throat—the air' was thick with shafts as
the crew fired.

  Still the Xanthi rushed on, ducking up
and down, near impossible to hit. The
first of them came up to the hull and
sank their clawed fingers into the wood.
The sailors thrust downward with pikes,
howling in fear-maddened rage.

  The man near Corun went down with
a hurled javelin through him. At once
a huge golden form was slithering over
the rail, onto the deck. The sword in his
hand flashed, another Umlotuan’s weapon
was knocked spinning from his hand and
the reptile hewed him down.

  Corun sprang to do battle. The swords
clashed together with a shock that jarred
the man backward. Corun spread his feet
and smote out. His blade whirled down
to strike the shoulder, gash the chest,
and drive the hissing monster back.

  With a rising cold fury, Corun followed
it up. That for the long inquisition—that
for being a horror out of the sea bottom—
that for threatening Chryseis! The Xan-
thian writhed with a belly ripped open.
Still he wouldn’t die-—he flopped and
struck from the deck. Corun evaded the
sweeping tail and cut off the creature’s
head.

  They were pouring onto the ship through
gaps in the line. Chryseis stood on the
foredeck in a line of defending men, her
bow singing death. Battle snarled about
the mast, men against monsters, sword
and halberd and ax belling in cloven bone.

  A giant’s blow bowled Corun off his
feet, the tail of a Xanthian. He rolled over
and thrust upward as the Sea Demon
sprang on him. The sword went through
the heart. Hissing and snapping, his foe
toppled on him. He heaved the struggling
body away and sprang back to his stance.

  “To me!” bellowed Imazu. “To me,
men!”

  _He stood wielding a huge battle ax by
the mast, striking at the beasts that raged
around him, lopping heads and arms and
tails like a woodman. The scattered hu-
mans rallied and began to fight their way
toward him, step by bloody step.

  Perias the erinye was everywhere, a
flying fury, ripping and biting and smash-
WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS

23

ing with wing-blows. Corun loomed huge
over the men who fought beside him, the
sword shrieking and thundering in his
hands. Imazu stood stolidly against the
mast, smashing at all comers. A rush of
Xanthi broke past him and surged against
the foredeck. The defenders beat them
off, Chryseis thrusting as savagely with
her sword as any man, and they reeled
back against the masthead warriors to be
cut down.

   A Xanthian sprang at Corun, wielding a
long-shafted ax that shivered the sword
in his hand. The Conahurian struck back,
his blade darting past the monster’s guard
to stab through the throat. The Xanthian
staggered. Corun wrenched the blade loose
and brought it down again to sing in the
reptile skull.

   Before he could pull it loose, another
was on him. Corun ducked under the
spear he carried and closed his hands
around the slippery sides. The clawed feet
raked his legs. He lifted the thing and
hurled it into another with bone-shattering
force. One of them threshed wildly, neck
broken—the other bounded at Corun. The
man yanked his sword free and it jvhis-
tled against the golden head.

BACK AND FORTH the struggle
swayed, crashing of metal and howl-
ing of warriors. And the Xanthi were
driven to the rails—they could not stand
against the rallying human line in the
narrow confines of the ship.

  “Kill them!” roared Imazu. “Kill the
misbegotten snakes!”

   Suddenly the Xanthi were slipping over-
board, swimming for their mounts beyond
the zone of magic. Perias followed, har-
rying them, pulling them half out of the
water to rip their throats out.

  The ship was wet, streaming with hu-
man red and reptile yellow blood. Dead
and wounded littered the decks. Corun
saw the Xanthi cavalry retreating out of
sight.

  “We’ve won,” he gasped. We’ve won—”

  “No—wait—” Chryseis inclined her
head sharply, seeming to listen, then darted
past him to open a hatch. Light streamed
down into the hold. It was filling—the
bilge was rising. “I thought so,” she said

             w

grimly. “They’re below us, chopping into
the hull.”

  “We’ll see about that,” said Corun, and
unbuckled his cuirass. “All who can swim,
after me!”

  “No—no, they’ll kill you—”

  “Come on!” gapped Imazu, letting his
own breastplate clang to the deck.

  Corun sprang overboard. He was wear-
ing nothing but a kilt now, and had a
spear in one hand and a drink in his teeth.
Fear was gone, washed out by the red
tides of battle. There was only a bleak,
terrible triumph in him. Men had beaten
the Sea Demons!

  Underwater, it was green and dim. He
swam down, down, brushing the hull, pull-
ing himself along the length of the keel.
There were half a dozen shapes clustered
near the waist, working with axes.

  He pushed against the keel and darted
at them, holding the spear like a lance.
The keen point stabbed into the belly of
one monster. The others turned, their eyes
terrible in the gloom. Corun took the dirk
in his hand, got a grip on the next nearest,
and stabbed.

  Claws ripped his flanks and back. His
lungs were bursting, there was a roaring
in his head and darkness before his eyes.
He stabbed blindly, furiously.

  Suddenly the struggling form let go.
Corun broke the surface and gasped in a
lungful of air. A Sea Demon leaped up
beside him. At once the erinye was on
him. The Xanthian screamed as he was
torn apart.

  Corun dove back under water. The
other seamen were down there, fighting for
their lives. They outnumbered the Xanthi,
but the monsters were in their native ele-
ment. Blood streaked the water, blinding
them all. It was a strange, horrible battle
for survival.

  In the end, Corun and Imazu and the
others—except for four—were hauled back
aboard. “We drove them off,” said the
pirate wearily.

  “Oh, my dear — my dearest dear—”
Chryseis, who had laughed in battle, was
sobbing on his breast.

  Shorzon was on deck, looking over the
scene. “We did well,” he said. “We stood
them off, killed about thirty, and only
24	PLANET

lost fifteen men.”

  “At that rate,” said Corun, “it won’t
take them long to clear our decks.”

  “I don’t think they will try again,” said
Shorzon.

  He went over to a captured Xanthian.
The Sea Demon had had a foot chopped
off in the battle and been pinned to the
deck by a pike, but he still lived and rasped
defiance at them. If allowed to live, he
would grow new members—the monsters
were tougher than they had a right to be.

  “Hark, you,” said Shorzon in the Xan-
thian tongue, which he had learned with
astonishing ease. “We come on a mission
of peace, with an offer that your king will
be pleased to hear. You have seen only
a small part of our powers. It is not be-
yond us to sail to your palace and bring
it crumbling to earth.”

  Corun wondered how much was bluff.
The old sorcerer might really be able to
do it. In any case—he had nerve 1

  “What can you things offer us?” asked
the Xanthian.

  “That is only for the king to hear,”
said Shorzon coldly. “He will not thank
you for molesting us. Now we will let you
go to bear word back to your rulers. Tell
them we are coming whether they will or
no, but that we come in friendship if
they will but show it. After all, if they
wish to kill us it can be just as easily
done—if at all—after they have heard us
out. Now go!”

  Imazu pulled the pike loose and the
yellow-bleeding Xanthian writhed over-
board.

  “I do not think we will be bothered
again,” said Shorzon calmly. “Not before
we get to the black palace.”

  “You may be right,” admitted Corun.
“You gave them a good argument by
their standards.”

  “Friends?” muttered Imazu. “Friends
with those things? As soon expect the
erinye to lie down by the bovan, I think.”
“Come,” said Chryseis impatiently. “We
have to repair the leak and clean the
decks and get under way again. It is a
long trip yet to the black palace.”

  She turned to Corun and her eyes were
dark flames. “How you fought!” she whis-
pered. “How you fought, beloved!”

STORIES

          VI

HE CASTLE STOOD ATOP ONE
of the high gray cliffs which walled
in a little bay. Beyond the shore, the island
climbed steeply toward a gaunt mountain
bare of jungle. The sea rolled sullenly
against the rocks under a low gloomy sky
thickening with the approach of night.

  The Briseia rowed slowly into the bay,
twenty men at the oars and the rest stand-
ing nervous guard by the rails.* On either
side, the Xanthi cavalry hemmed them
in, lancers astride the swimming cetaraea
with eyes watchful on the humans, and
behind them three great sea snakes under
direction of their sorcerers followed omin-
ously.

  Imazu shivered. “If they came at us
now,” he muttered, “we wouldn’t last
long.”

  “We’d give them a fight!” said Corun.

  “They will receive us,” declared Shor-
zon.

  The ship grounded on the shallows near
the beach. The sailors hesitated. To pull
her ashore would be to expose themselves
almost helplessly to attack. “Go on, jump
to it!” snapped Imazu, and the men
shipped their oars and sheathed their wea-
pons, waded into the bay and dragged the
vessel up on the strand.

  The chiefs of the Xanthi stood waiting
for them. There were perhaps fifty of the
reptiles, huge golden forms wrapped in
dark flowing robes on which glittered ropes
of jewels. A few wore tall miters and car-
ried hooked staffs of office. Like statues
they stood, waiting, and the sailors shiv-
ered.

  Shorzon, Chryseis, Corun, and Imazu
walked up toward them with all the slow
dignity they could summon. The Cona-
hurian’s eyes sought the huge wrinkled
form of Tsathu, king of the Xanthi. The
monster’s gaze brightened on him and the
fanged mouth opened in a bass croak :

  “So you have returned to us. You may
not leave this time.”

  “Your majesty’s hospitality overwhelms
me,” said Corun ironically.

  A stooped old Xanthian beside the king
plucked his sleeve and hissed rapidly: “I
told^QU, sire, I told you he would come
WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS

25

back with the ruin of worlds in his train.
Cut them all down now, before the fates
strike. Kill them while there is time!”
“There will be time,” said Tsathu.

  His unblinking eyes locked with Shor-
zon’s and suddenly the twilight shimmered
and trembled, the nerves of men shook
and out in the water the sea-beasts snorted
with panic. For a long moment that silent
duel of wizardry quivered in the air, and
then it faded and the unreality receded
into the background of dusk.

  Slowly the Xanthian monarch nodded,
as if satisfied to find an opponent he
could not overcome.

  “I am Shorzon of Achaera,” said the
man, “and I would speak with the chiefs
of the Xanthi.”

  “You may do so,” replied the reptile.
“Come up to the castle and we will quar-
ter your folk.”

  At Imazu’s order, the sailors began un-
loading the gifts that had been brought:
weapons, vessels and ornaments of pre-
cious metals set with jewels, rare tapes-
tries and incenses. Tsathu hardly glanced
at them. “Follow me,” he said curtly. “All
your people.”

  “I’d hoped at least to leave a guard on
the ship,” murmured Imazu to Corun.

  “Would have done little good if they
really wanted to seize her,” whispered the
Conahurian.

  It did not seem as if Tsathu could have
heard them, but he turned and his bass
boom rolled over the mumbling surf: “That
is right. You may as well relax your
petty precautions. They will avail nothing.”

IN A LONG FILE, they went up a
narrow trail toward the black palace.
The Xanthian rulers went first, with de-
liberately paced dignity, thereafter the hu-
man captains, their men, and a silent troop
of armed reptile soldiery. Hemmed in,
thought Corun grimly. If they want to
start shooting—

  Chryseis’ hand clasped his, a warm grip
in the misty gloom. He responded grate-
fully. She came right behind him, her
other hand on the nervous and growling
erinye.

  The castle loomed ahead, blacker than
the night that was gathering, the gigantic

walls climbing sheer toward the sky, the
spear-like towers half lost in the swirl-
ing fog. There was always fog here, Corun
remembered, mist and rain and shadow;
it was never full day on the island. He
sniffed the dank sea-smell that blew from
the gaping portals and bristled in recol-
lection.

  They entered the cavernous doorway
and went down a high narrow corridor
which seemed to stretch on forever. Its
bare stone walls were wet and green-
slimed, tendrils of mist drifted under the
invisibly high ceiling, and he heard the
hooting and muttering of unknown voices
somewhere in the murk. The only light
was a dim bluish radiance from fungoid
balls growing on the walls, a cold un-
healthy shadowless illumination in which
the white humans looked like drowned
corpses. Looking behind, Corun could
barely make out the frightened faces of
the Umlotuans, huddled close together and
gripping their weapons with futile strength.

  The Xanthi glided noiselessly through
the mumbling gloom, tall spectral forms
with faint golden light streaming from
their damp scales. It seemed as if there
were other presences in the castle too,
things flitting just beyond sight, hiding
in lightless corners and fluttering between
the streamers of fog. 'Always, it seemed,
there were watching eyes, watching and
waiting in the dark.

  They came into a cavernous antechamber
whose walls were lost in the dripping twi-
light. Tsathu’s voice boomed hollowly be-
tween the chill immensities of it: “Follow
those who will show you to your quarters.”

  Silent Xanthi slipped between the hu-
man ranks, herding them with spears—
the sailors one way, their chiefs another.
“Where are you taking the men?” asked
Imazu with an anger sharpened by fear.
“Where are you keeping them?” The
echoes flew from wall to wall, jeering
him—keeping them, keeping them, them,
them—

  “They go below the castle,” said a
Xanthian. “You will have more suitable
rooms.”

  Our men down in the old dungeons_

Corun’s hand whitened on the hilt of his
sword. But it was useless to protest, unless
26	PLANET

they wanted to start a battle now.

  The four human leaders were taken
down another whispering, echoing tunnel
of a'corridor, up a long ramp that seemed
to wind inside one of the towers, and
into a circular room in whose walls were
six doors. There the guards left them,
fading back down the impenetrable night
of the ramp.

THE ROOMS were furnished with
grotesque ornateness—huge hideously
carved beds and tables, scaled tapestries
and rugs, shells and jewels set in the mold-
covered walls. Narrow slits of windows
opened on the wet night. Darkness and
mist hid Corun’s view of the ground, but
the faintness of the surf told them they
must be dizzyingly high up.

  “Ill is this," he said. “A few guards on
that ramp can bottle us up here forever.
And they need only lock the dungeon gates
to have our men imprisoned below.”

  “We will treat with them. Before long
they will be our allies,” said Shorzon.
His hooded eyes were on Chryseis. It was
with a sudden shock that Corun remem-
bered. Days and nights of bliss, and then
the violence of battle and the tension of
approach, had driven from his mind the
fact that he had never been told what the
witch-pair was really here for. It was
their voyage, not his, and what real good
could have brought them to this place of
evil?

  He shoved his big body forward, a
tawny giant in the foggy chill of the
central room. “It is near time I was told
something of what you intend,” he said.
“I have guided you and taught you and
battled at your side, and I’ll not be kept
blindfolded any longer.”

  “You will be told what I tell you—no
more,” said Shorzon haughtily. “You have
me to thank for your miserable life—let
that be enough.”

  “You can thank me that you’re not be-
ing eaten by fish at the bottom of the
sea right now,” snapped Corun; “By
Breannach Brannor, I’ve had enough of
this!”

  He stood with his back against the
wall, sweeping them with ice-blue eyes.
Shorzon stood black and ominous, wrath

STORIES

in the smoldering, sunken eyes. Chryseis
shrank back a little from both of them,
but Perias the erinye growled and flat-
tened his belly to the floor and stared
greenly at Corun. Imazu shifted from foot
to foot, his wide blue face twisted with
indecision.

  “I can strike you dead where you stand,”
warned Shorzon. “I can become a monster
that will rip you to rags.’

  “Try it!” snarled Corun. “Just try it!”
Chryseis slipped between them and the
huge dark eyes were bright with tears.
“Are we not in enough danger now, four
humans against a land of walking beasts,
without falling at each other’s throats?
I think it is the witchcraft of Tsagu work-
ing on us, dividing us—fight him!”

  She swayed against the Conahurian.
“Corun,” she breathed. “Corun, my dearest
of all—you shall know, you shall be told
everything as soon as we dare. But don’t
you see—you haven’t the skill to protect
yourself and your knowledge against the
Xanthian magic?”

  Or against your magic, beloved.

  She laughed softly and drew him after
her, into one of the rooms. “Come, Corun.
We are all weary now, it is time to rest.
Come, my dear. Tomorrow—”

VII

Day crept past in a blind-

ness of rain. Twice Xanthians brought
them food, and once Corun and Imazu
ventured down the ramp to find their
way barred by spear-bearing reptiles. For
the rest they were alone.

  It ate at the nerves like an acid. Shor-
zon sat stiff, unmoving on a couch, eyes
clouded with thought; his gaunt body
could have been that of a Khemrian
mummy. Imazu squatted unhappily, carv-
ing one of the intricate trinkets with whose
making sailors pass dreamy hours. Corun
paced like a caged beast, throttled rage
mounting in him. Even Perias grew
restless and took to padding up and
down the antechamber, passing Corun on
the way. The man could not help a half
smile. He was growing almost fond of
the erinye and his honest malevolence, after
the intriguing of humans and Xanthi.
WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS

27

  Only Chryseis remained calm. She lay
curled on her bed like a big beautiful ani-
mal, the long silken hair tumbling darkly
past her shoulders, a veiled smile on her
red lips. And so the day wore on.

  It was toward evening that they heard
slow footfalls and looked out to see a
party of Xanthi coming up the ramp. It
was an awesome sight, the huge golden
forms moving with deliberation and pride
under the shimmering robes that flowed
about them. Some were warriors, with
saw-edged pikes flashing in their hands,
but the one who spoke was plainly a palace
official.

  “Greeting from Tsathu, king of the De-
mon Sea, to Shorzon of Achaera,” the
voice boomed. “You are to feast with
the lords of the Xanthi tonight.”

  “I am honored,” bowed the sorcerer.
“The woman Chryseis will come with me,
for she is equal with me.”

  “That is permitted,” said the Xanthian
gravely.

  “And we, I suppose, wait here,” mut-
tered Corun rebelliously.

  “It won’t be for long,” smiled Chryseis
softly. “After tonight, I think it will be
safe to tell you what you wish to know.”

  She had donned banqueting dress car-
ried up with her from the ship, a clinging
robe of the light-rippling silk of Hiung-nu,
a scarlet cloak that was like a rush of
flame from her slim bare shoulders, bar-
barically massive bracelets and necklaces,
a single fire-ruby burning at her white
throat. Pearls and silver glittered like dew-
drops in her night-black hair. The loveli-
ness of her caught at Corun’s throat. He
could only stare with dumb longing as she
went after Shorzon and the Xanthi.

  She turned to wave at him. Her whis-
per twined around his heart: “Goodnight,
beloved.”

  When they were gone, the erinye pad-
ding after them, Imazu gave Corun a rue-
ful look and said, “So now we are out
of the story.”

  “Not yet,” answered the Conahurian,
still a little dazed.

  “Oh, yes, oh, yes. Surely you do not
think that we plain sailormen will be
asked for our opinions? No, Corun, we
are only pieces on Shorzon’s board. We’ve

done our part, and now he will put us
back in the box.”

  “Chryseis said—”

  Imazu shook his scarred bald head
sadly. “Surely you don’t believe a word
that black witch utters?”

  Corun half drew his sword. “I told you
before that I’d hear no word against Chry-
seis,” he said thinly.

  “As you will. It doesn’t matter, anyway.
But be honest, Corun. Strike me down
if you will, it doesn’t matter now, but try
to think. I’ve known Chryseis longer than
you, and I've never known anyone to
change their habits overnight—for any-
one.”

  “She said—”

  “Oh, I think she likes you, in her own
way. You make as handsome and useful a
pet as that erinye of hers. But whatever
else she is after, it is something for which
she would give more than the world and
not have a second thought about it.”
Corun paced unhappily. “I don’t trust
Shorzon,” he admitted. “I trust him as
I would a mad pherax. And anything Tsa-
thu plans is—evil.” He glared down the
cavernous mouth of the ramp. “If I could
only hear what they say!”

  “What chance of that? We’re under
guard, you know.”

  “Aye, so. But—” Struck with a sudden
thought, Corun went over to the window.
The rain had ceased outside, but a solid
wall of fog and night barred vision. It
was breathlessly hot, and he heard the
low muttering of thunder in the hidden
sky.

THERE WERE VINES growing on
the wall, tendrils as thick as a man’s
leg. The broad leaves hung down over
the sill, wet with rain and fog. “I remem-
ber the layout of the castle,” he said slowly.
“It’s a warren of tunnels and corridors,
but I could find my way to the feasting
hall.”

  “If they caught you, it would be death,”
said Imazu uneasily.

  Corun’s grin was bleak. “It will most
likely be death anyway,” he said. “I think
I’ll try.”

  “I’m not as spry as I once was, but—”
  “No, no, Imazu, you had best wait
28	PLANET STORIES

here. Then if anyone comes prying and
sees you, he’ll think we’re both here—■
maybe.”

  Corun slipped off tunic and sandals,
leaving only his kilt. He hung his sword
across his back, put a knife in his belt,
and turned toward the window.

  “It may be all wrong,” he said. “I
should trust Chryseis—and I do, Imazu,
but they might easily overpower her. And
anything is better than this waiting like
beasts in a trap.”

  “The gods be with you, then,” said
Imazu huskily. He shook a horny fist. “To
hell with Shorzon! I’ve been his thrall too
long. I’m with you, friend.”

  “Thanks.” Corun swung out the win-
dow. “Good luck to both—to all of us,
Imazu.”

  The fog wrapped around his eyes like
a hood. He could barely see the shadowy
wall, and he groped with fingers and toes
for the vines. One slip, one break, and he
would be spattered to red ruin in the court-
yard below.

  Down and down and down—Twigs
clawed at him. The branches were slick
in his hands, buried under a smother of
leaves. His muscles began to ache with
the strain. Several times he slipped -and
saved himself with a desperate clawing
griP-

  Something moaned in the night, under
the deepening growl of thunder.

  He clung to the wall and strained his
eyes down. A breath of wind parted the
fog briefly into ragged streamers through
which winked the savage light of a bolt
of lightning, high in the murky sky. Down
below was the courtyard. He saw the
metallic gleam of scales, guards pacing
between the walls.

  Slowly, he edged his way across the
out jutting tower to the main wall of the
castle. Slantwise, he crept over its surface
until a slit of blackness loomed before
him, another window. He had to squeeze
to get through, the stone scraping his skin.

  For a moment he stood inside, breath-
ing heavily, the drawn sword in his hand.
There was a corridor stretching beyond
this room, on into a darkness lit by the
ghostly blue fungus-glow. He saw and
heard nothing of the Xanthi, but some-

thing scuttled across the floor and crouched
in a shadowed corner, watching him.

  On noiseless bare feet, he ran down
the hall. Fog eddied and curled in the
tenebrous length of it, he heard the drip-
ping of water and once a shuddering
scream ripped the dank air. He thought he
remembered where he was in that laby-
rinth—left here, and there would be an-
other ramp going down—

  A huge golden form loomed around
the comer. Before the jaws could open
to shout, Corun’s sword hissed in a vicious
arc and the Xanthian’s head leaped from
his shoulders. He kicked the flopping body
behind a door and sped on his way, pant-
ing.

  Halfway down the ramp, a narrow en-
trance gaped, one of the tunnels that rid-
dled the building through its massive walls.
Corun slithered down its lightless wet
length. It should open on the great cham-
ber and—

  Black against the dim blue light of the
exit, a motionless form was squatting.
Corun groaned inwardly. They had a guard
against intruders, then. Best to go back
now — no! He snarled soundlessly and
bounded forward, clutching the sword in
one hand and reaching out with the other.

  Fingers rasping across the scaly hide,
he hooked the thing’s neck into the crook
of his elbow and yanked the heavy body
back into the tunnel with one enormous
wrench. Blind in the darkness, he stabbed
into the mouth, driving the point of his
sword through flesh and bone into the
brain.

  The dying monster’s claws raked him
as he crouched over the body. He re-
flected grimly that no matter how bene-
volent the Xanthi might be, he would die
for murder if they ever caught him. But
he had no great fear of their suddenly
becoming tender toward mankind. The
bulk of the reptile race was peaceable,
actually, but their rulers were relentess.

  The tunnel opened on a small balcony
halfway up the rearing chamber wall.
Corun lay on his belly, peering down over
the edge.

THEY SAT at a long table, the lords
of the Demon Sea, and he felt a dim
WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS

29

surprise at seeing that they were almost
through eating. Had his nightmare journey
taken that long? They were talking, and
the sound drifted up to his ears.

  At the head of the table, Tsathu and
his councillors sat on a long ornate couch
ablaze with beaten gold. Shorzon and
Chryseis were reclining nearby, sipping the
bitter yellow wine of the Xanthi. It was
strange to hear the hideous hissing and
croaking of the reptile language coming
from Chryseis’ lovely throat.

  “—interesting, I am sure,” said the
king.

  “More than that—more than that!” It
seemed to Corun that he could almost see
the terrible fire in Shorzon’s eyes. The
wizard leaned forward, shaking with in-
tensity. “You can do it. The Xanthi can
conquer Achaera with ease. Your sea
cavalry and serpents can smash their ships,
your devil-powder can burst their walls
into the air, your legions can overrun their
land, your wizardry blind and craze them.
And the terror you will inspire will force
the people to do our bidding.”

  “Possibly you overrate us,” said Tsathu.
“It is true that we have great numbers
and a strong army, but do not forget that
the Xanthi are actually a more peaceful
race than man. Your kind is hard and
savage, murdering even each other, mak-
ing war simply for loot or glory or no
real reason at all. Until the king-race
arose, the Xanthi dwelt quietly on the sea
bottom and a few small islands, without
wish to harm anyone.

  “They have not even the natural capa-
city for magic possessed, however unde-
veloped, by all humans. As a result they
are much more susceptible to it than men.
Thus, when the king-race was born with
such powers, they were soon able to con-
trol all their people and make themselves
the absolute masters of the Xanthi. But
we, kings and wizards and lords of the
Demon Sea, are all one interbred clan.
Without us, the Xanthi power would col-
lapse; they would go back to what they
were.

  “Even Xanthi science is all of our mak-
ing. We, the king-race, developed the devil-
powder and all that we have ever made
is stored in the dungeons of this very

building—enough to blow it into the sky.”

TSATHU made a grimace which might
have been a sardonic smile. “Do not
read weakness into that admission,” he
said. “Even though all the lords who make
Xanthian might are gathered in this one
room, that power is still immeasurably
greater than you can imagine. To show
you how helpless you are—your men are
locked into the dungeons and your geas
has been lifted from their minds.”
“Impossible!” gasped Shorzon. “A geas
cannot be lifted—”

  “But it can. What is it but a compulsion
implanted in the brain, so deeply as to
supersede all other habits? One mind can-
not erase that imposed pattern, but several
minds working in concert can do so, and
that I and my councillors have done. As of
today, your folk are free in soul, hating
you for what you made them. You are
alone.”

  The great scaled forms edged closer,
menacingly. Corun’s fist clenched about his
sword. If they harmed Chryseis—

  But she said cooly: “It does not matter.
Our men were simply to bring us here,
nothing else. We can dispense with them.
What matters is our plan to impose magic
control over Achaera.”

  “And I cannot yet see what benefit the
Xanthi would get of it,” said Tsathu im-
patiently. “Our powers of darkness are so
much greater than yours already that—”
“Let us not use words meant to im-
press the ignorant among ourselves,” said
Chryseis scornfully. “Every sorcerer knows
there is nothing of heaven or hell about
magic. It is but the imposition of- a pat-
tern on other minds. It creates, by control
of the senses, illusions of lycanthropy or
whatever else is desired, or it binds the
subject by the unbreakable compulsion of
a geas. But it is no. more than that—one
mind reaching through space to create
what impressions it wills on another mind.
Your devil-powder, or an ordinary sword
or ax or fist, is more dangerous—if the
fools only knew.”

  Corun’s breath hissed between his teeth.
If—if that—O gods, if that was the sec-
ret of the magicians—!

  “As you will,” said Tsathu indifferently.
30	PLANET

“What matters is that there are more of
our minds than your two, and thus we
can beat down any attempt you may make
against us. So it comes back to the ques-
tion, why should we help you seize and
hold Achaera? What will we gain?”

  “I should say nothing of its great
wealth,” said Shorzon. “But it is true, as
you say, that many minds working to-
gether are immeasurably more powerful
than one—more powerful, even, than the
sum of all those minds working separately.
I have worked with as many as a dozen
slaves, having them concentrate with me,
so that I could draw their mind-force
through my own brain and use it as my
own, and the results have amazed me.
Now if the entire population of Achaera
were forced to help us, all at one time—”

  The Xanthi’s eyes glittered and a low
murmur rose among them. Shorzon went
on, rapidly: “It would be power over the
world. Nothing could stand before that
massed mental force. With us, skilled sor-
cerers, to direct, and the soldiers of Xan-
thi to compel obedience, we could lay a
geas on whole nations without even hav-
ing to be near them. We could span im-
measurable gulfs of space and contact
minds on those other worlds which phil-
osophers think exist beyond the upper
clouds. We could, by thus heightening our
own mental powers, think out the very
problems of existence, find the deepest
secrets of nature, forces beside which your
devil-powder would be a spark. Drawing
life-energy from other bodies, we would
never grow old, we would live forever.

  “Tsathu—lords of Xanthi—I offer you
a chance to become gods!”

THE STILLNESS was broken only
by the muttering and whispering of
the Xanthi among themselves. Mist drifted
through the raw wet night of the hall.
The walls seemed to waver, shift and blur
like smoke.

  “Why could we not do this in our own
nation ?”asked Tsathu.

  “Because, as you yourself said, the Xan-
thi do not have the latent mental powers
of humans—save for you few who are
the masters. It must be mankind who is
controlled, with the commoners of your

STORIES

race as overseers.”

  "And why could we not kill you and
do this ourselves?”

  “Because you do not understand hu-
mans. The differences are too great. You
could never control human thoughts as
Chryseis or I could.”

  Another Xanthian spoke: “But do you
realize what this will do to the human
race? Your Achaerans will become mind-
less machines under such control. Drained
of life-energy, they will age and die like
animals. I doubt that any will live ten
seasons.”

  “What of that?” shrugged Chryseis.
“There are other nations nearby to draw
on—Conahur, Norriki, Khemri, ultimately
the world. We will have centuries, re-
member—we will never die!”

  “And you do not care for your own
race at all?”

  “It will no longer be our race,” said
Shorzon. “We will be gods, thinking and
living and wielding such powers as they—
as we ourselves right now—could never
dream. Why, do what you will with our
men here, to start. What does it matter?”
“But do not harm the yellow-haired
man from Conahur,” said Chryseis sharply.
“He’s mine—forever.”

  Tsathu sat thinking, like the statue of
a Khemrian beast-god cast in shining gold.
Slowly, at last, he nodded, and an eerie
sigh ran down the long table as the lords
of the Xanthi hissed agreement.

  “It will be done,” said Tsathu.

  Corun stumbled back down the tunnel,
reckless of discovery, blind and deaf with
madness that roared in his skull. Chryseis
—Chryseis—Chryseis—

  It was not the horror of the scheme,
the ruin that it would bring even if it
failed, the revelation of how immeasurably
powerful were the forces leagued against
man. He could have stood that, and braced
himself to fight it as long as there was
breath in his lungs. But Chryseis—

  She had been part of it. She had helped
plan it, had coldly condemned her whole
race to oblivion. She had lied to him,
cheated him, betrayed him, used him, and
now she wanted him for a. toy, an im-
mortal puppet—Witch! Witch! Witch!
Less human than the erinye at her feet,
if
WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS

31

than the Xanthi themselves, mad with
a cold madness such as he had never
thought could be—Chryseis, Chryseis,
Chryseis, I loved you. With all my heart,
I loved you.

  There was no hope in him, no longing
for anything but the fullest revenge he
could take before they hewed him to the
ground. Had the old Xanthian wizard
foretold he would bring death? Aye, by
the mad cruel gods who ruled men’s des-
tinies, he would!

  He reached the corridor and began to
run.

VIII

Down a long curving ramp

that led into a pit of blackness—
the dungeons could not be far, they lay
this way—

 He hugged himself into the shadows
as a troop of guards went by. They
were talking in their hoarse croaking lan-
guage, and did not peer into the corners
of the labyrinth. When they were past,
Corun sped on his way.

 The stone walls became rough damp
tunnels, hewed out of the living rock under
the castle. He groped through a blackness
relieved only by the occasional dull glow
of fungi. The darkness hissed and rustled
with movements; he caught the glimmer
of three red eyes watching, and something
slithered over his bare feet. A far faint
scream quivered down the hollow length
of passages. It had shaken him when he
was here before, but now—

 What mattered? What was important,
save to kill as many of the monsters as
he could before they overwhelmed him?

  The tunnel opened on a great cave whose
floor was a pool of oily black water. As
he skirted its rim along a narrow slippery
ledge, something stirred, a misshapen giant
thing darker than the night. It roared hol-
lowly and swam toward him. A wave of
foul odor came with it, catching Corun’s
throat in a sick dizziness.

  He swayed on the edge of the pool and
the swimmer began to crawl out of it
toward him. Corun saw its teeth gleam
wetly in the vague blue light, but there
were no eyes—it was blind. He retreated

•

along the ledge toward the farther exit.
The ground trembled under the bulk of
the creature.

  Its jaws clashed shut behind him as he
leaped free. Racing down the tunnel, he
heard the bellowing of it like dull thunder
through the reeking gloom. It wouldn’t
follow far, but that way of return would
be barred to him.

  No matter, no matter. He burst out into
another open space. It was lit by a dim
flickering fire over which crouched three
armed Xanthi. Beyond, the red light glim-
mered on an iron-barred doorway, and
behind that there were figures stirring.
Men!

  Corun bounded across the floor, the
sword shrieking in his hand. It whirled
down to crash through the skull-bones of
one guard. Before he could free it, the
other two were on him.

  He ducked a murderous pike thrust and
slipped close to the wielder, stabbing up-
ward with his dagger. The Xanthian
screamed and hugged Corun close to him-
self, fastening his jaws in the man’s shoul-
der. Corun slashed wildly, ripping open
the throat. They tumbled to the ground,
locked in each other’s arms, raging like
beasts. Corun’s knife glanced off the Xan-
thian’s ribs and he felt the steel snap over.
He got both hands into the clamped jaws,
heedless of the fangs, and wrenched. The
jawbone cracked as he forced the reptile’s
mouth open.

  He rolled from beneath the still feebly
struggling creature and glared around for
the third. That one lay in a hacked ruin
against the cell; he had backed up too
close to the bars, and the men inside still
had their weapons.

GASPING, Corun climbed to his feet.
An eager baying of fierce voices
rolled out from the cell; men gripped the
bars and howled in maddened glee.

  “Corun— Captain Corun—get us out
of here—let us out to rip Shorzon’s guts
loose—Aaarrrgh!”

  The Conahurian lurched over to a dead
Xanthian at whose waist hung a bundle
of keys. His hands shook as he tried them
in the lock. When he got the door open,
the men were out in a single tide.
32

PLANET

STORIES

  He leaned heavily on an Umlotuan’s
arm. “What happened to you?” he asked.

  “The devils led us down here and then
closed the door on us,” snarled the blue
man. “Later a group of them in rich
dress came down—and suddenly we saw
what a slavery we’d been in to Shorzon,
suddenly it no longer seemed that obedience
to him was the only possible thing —
Mwanzi, let me at his throat!”

  “You may have that chance,” said the
pirate. He felt strength returning; he
stood erect and faced them in the flicker-
ing firelight. Their eyes gleamed back at
him out of the shadows, fierce as the
metal of their weapons.

  “Listen,” he said. “We might be able
to fight our way out of here, but we’d
never escape across the Demon Sea. But
. I know a way to destroy this whole cursed
house and every being in it. If you’ll fol-
low me—”

   “Aye!” The shout filled the cavern with
savage thunder. They shook their weapons
in the air, gleam of red-lit steel out of
trembling darkness. “Aye!”

  Corun picked up his sword and trotted
down the nearest passageway. He "was
bleeding, he saw vaguely, but he felt little
pain from it—he was beyond that now.
The thing was to find the devil-powder.
Tsathu had said it was somewhere down
here.

  They went along tunnel after winding
tunnel, losing all sense of direction in the
wet hollow dark. Corun had a sudden
nightmare feeling that they might wander
down here forever, blundering from cave
to empty cave while eternity grayed.

  “Where are we going?” asked someone
impatiently. “Where are Xanthi to fight?”
“I don’t know,” snapped Corun.

  They came suddenly into another broad
cavern, beyond which was another barred
door. Four Xanthi stood guard in front
of it. They never had a chance—the air
was suddenly full of hurled weapons, and
they were buried under a pile of edged
steel.

  Corun searched the bodies but found
no keys. In the murk beyond, he could
dimly see boxes and barrels reaching into
fathomless distances, but the door was
held fast. Of course—Tsathu would never

trust his men-at-arms with entrance to
the devil-powder.

  The corsair snarled and grabbed a bar
with both hands. “Pull, men of Umlotu!”
he shouted. “Pull!”

  They swarmed close, thirty-odd big blue
men with the strength of hate in them,
clutching the cell bars, grabbing each
other’s waists, heaving with a force that
shrieked through the iron. “Pull!”

  The lock burst and they staggered back
as the door swung wide. Instantly Corun
was inside, ripping open a box and laugh-
ing aloud to see the black grains that
filled it.

  For a wild moment he thought of plung-
ing a brand into the powder and going
up in flame and thunder with the castle.
Coldness returned — he checked himself
and looked around for fuses. His followers
would not have permitted him to commit
a suicide that involved them. And after
all—the longer he lived, the more enemies
he’d have a chance to cut down person-
ally.

   “I’ve heard talk of this stuff,” said one
of the men nervously. “Is it true that set-
ting fire to it releases a demon ?”

  “Aye.” Corun found the long rope-like
fuses coiled in a box. He knotted several
together and put one end into the powder.
The ignition of one container would
quickly set off the rest—and the cavern
was huge, and filled with many shiploads
of sleeping hell.

  “If we can fight our way to our ship,
and get clear before the fire reaches the
powder—” began the Umlotuan.

  “We can try that, I suppose,” said
Corun.

  He estimated the burning time of his
fuse from memories of the use he’d seen
the Xanthi make of the devil-powder. Yes,
there would be a fair allowance for escape,
though he doubted that they would ever
reach the strand alive.

  He touched a stick from the fire to
the end of the fuse. It began to sputter,
a red spark creeping along it toward the
open box. “Let’s go!” shouted Corun.

  They pounded along the tunnel, heedless
of direction. There should be an upward-
leading ramp somewhere—ah! There it
was!	—
WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS

33

  Up its length they raced, past levels of
the dungeons toward the main floor of
the castle. At the end, there was a brighter
blue light than they had seen below. Up—
up!

  Up—and out!

THE CHAMBER was enormous, a
pillared immensity reaching to a ceil-
ing hidden in sheer height; rugs and tap-
estries of the scaled Xanthian weave were
strewn about, and their heavy, intricately
carved furniture filled it. At- the far end
stood a towering canopied throne, on which
sat a huge golden form. Other shapes stood
around it, and there were pikemen lining
the walls at rigid attention.

  Through the haze of mist and twilight,
Corun saw the black robe of Shorzon and
the flame-colored cloak of Chryseis. He
shrieked an oath and plunged for them.

  A horn screamed and the guards sprang
from the walls to form a line before the
throne. The humans shocked against the
Xanthi with a fury that clamored through
the building.

  Swords and axes began to fly. Corun
hewed at the nearest grinning reptile face,
felt the sword sink in and roared the war-
cry of Conahur. He spitted the monster
on his blade, lifted it, and pitchforked it
into the ranks of the guards.

  Tsathu bellowed and rose to meet him.
Suddenly the Xanthian king was not
there; it was a tentacled thing from the
sea bottom that filled the room, a thing
whose bloated dark body reared to the
ceiling. Someone screamed — fear locked
the battlers into motionlessness.

  “Magic!” It was a sneering rattle in
Corun’s throat. He sprang into the very
body of the sea creature.

  He felt the shock of striking its solid
form, the rasp of its hide against him,
the overwhelming poisonous stench of it.
One tentacle closed around him. He felt
his ribs snapping and the air popping from
his burst lungs.

  It wasn’t real, his mind gasped through
the whirling agony. It wasn’t real! He
plowed grimly ahead, blind in the illusion
that swirled around him, striking, strik-
ing.

3—Planet—January

  Dimly, through the roaring in his nerves,
he felt his blade hit something solid. He
bellowed in savage glee and smote again,
again, and again. The smashing pressure
lifted. He sobbed air into himself and
looked with streaming eyes as the giant
form dissolved into smoke, into mist, into
empty air. It was Tsathu writhing in pain
at his feet, Tsathu with his head nearly
chopped off. It was only another dying
Xanthian.

  Corun leaped up onto the throne and
looked over the room. The guards and
the sailors were still standing in shaken
silence. “Kill them!” roared the pirate.
“Strike them down!”

  Battle closed again with a snarl and a
clang of steel. Corun glared around after
other Xanthi of the sorcerer breed. There
were none in sight; they must prudently
have fled into another part of the castle.
Well—let them!

  But other Xanthi were swarming into
the chamber, battle horns were hooting
and the guttural reptile voices crying a
summons. If the humans were not to be
broken by sheer numbers, they’d have to
fight their way out soon . . .

  And down in the dungeons a single red
spark was eating its way toward a box
of black powder.

  Corun jumped down again to the floor.
His sword leaped sideways, cut a Xanthian
spine across, bit the tail from another.
“To me!” he bawled. “Over here, men of
Umlotu!”

  The blues heard him and rallied, gath-
ering into compact knots that slashed their
way toward where his dripping sword
whined and thundered. He never stopped
striking; he drove the reptiles before him
until they edged away from his advance.

  The men formed into one group and
Corun led it across the floor in a dash
for the looming doorway. A red thought
flashed across his brain: Where were
Shorzon and Chryseis?

  The Xanthi scattered before the des-
perate human rush. The men came out
into a remembered hallway—it led to the
outside, Corun recalled. By Breannach
Brannor, they might escape yet!

  “Corun! Corun, you sea-devil! I knew
it was your doing!”
34

PLANET STORIES

  The Conahurian turned to see Imazu
bounding toward him with a bloody ax
in one hand. Imazu—thank all the gods,
Imazu was free!

  “I heard a noise of fighting, and the
tower guards went off toward it,” gasped
the Umlotuan captain. “So I came too.
On the way I met Shorzon and Chryseis.”

  “What of them?” breathed Corun.

  The blue warrior smiled savagely and
flung a red thing down at Corun’s feet.
“There’s Shorzon’s scheming head. My
woman is free!”

  “Chryseis—”

  Imazu leaned on his ax, panting.

  “She launched her erinye at me. I ducked
into a room and slammed the door in its
face,, then came here through another en-
trance.”

  Chryseis was loose—“We’ve got to get
clear,” said Corun. “The devil-powder is
going to go off any time now.”

  The Xanthi were rallying. They came
at the humans in another rush. Corun and
Imazu and their best men filled the corri-
dor with a haze of steel, backing down
toward the outer portal.

  It was a crazy blur of struggle, hewing
at faces that wavered out of night, slap-
ping down thrusts and reaching for the
life of the enemy. Men fell, and others
took their places in the line. Down the
corridor they retreated, fighting to get
free, and they left a trail of dead.

  The end of the passage loomed ahead.
And the monstrous iron door was swing-
ing shut.

  Chryseis stood in the entrance. A wild
storm-wind outside sent her cloak flapping
about her, red wings beating in the light-
ning-shot darkness about the devil’s rage
of the goddess face.

  “Stay here!” she screamed. “Stay here
and be cut down, you triple traitor!”

  The nearest Umlotuan sprang at her.
The door clashed shut in his face—they
heard the great bolt slam down outside.
They were boxed in the end of the hall,
and the Xanthi need only shoot them down
with arrows.

  Down in the dungeons, the fuse burned
to its end. A sheet of flame sprang up in
the opened box of powder, reaching for
the stacks around it.

IX

THE FIRST EXPLOSION CAME
as a muffled roar. Corun felt the
floor tremble under his feet. Men and
Xanthi stood motionless, looking at each
other with widening eyes in which a com-
mon doom arose.

  So it ended. Shorzon and Tsathu and
their wizard cohorts would be gone, but
Chryseis, mad, lovely Chryseis, was loose,
and the gods knew what hell she could
brew among the leaderless Xanthi.

  The walls groaned as another boom
echoed down their length.

  Well, death came to every man, and
he had not done so badly. Co run began
to realize how weary he was; he was
bleeding from wounds and breath was
raw in his lungs.

  The Umlotuans hammered on the door
in panic. But the twenty or fewer sur-
vivors could never break it down.

  The devil-powder roared. The floor
heaved sickeningly under Corun’s feet. He
heard the crash of collapsing masonry.

  Wait—wait—one chance! One chance,
by the gods!

  “Be ready to run out when the walls
topple,” he shouted. “We’ll have a little
time—”

  The Xanthi were fleeing in terror. The
humans stood alone, waiting while the
explosions rolled and banged around them.
Cracks zigzagged across the walls, dust
choked the dank air.

  Crash !

  Corun saw the nearer wall swaying,
toppling. The floor lifted and buckled and
he fell to the lurching ground. All the
world was an insanity of racket and ruin.

  The lintel caved in, the portal sagged.
Corun leaped for the opening like a pounc-
ing erinye. The men swarmed with it, out
through the widening hole while the roof
came down behind them.

  Someone screamed, a faint lost sound in
the grinding fury of sundering stone.
Rocks were flying—Corun saw one of them
crack a man’s head like a melon. Wildly
he ran as the outer facade came down.

  There was a madness of storm outside,
wind screaming to fill the sky, driving
solid sheets of rain and hail before it.

 n
WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS

35

The incessant blinding lightning glared in
a cold shadowless brilliance, the bawling
thunder drowned the roar of exploding
devil-powder. They fought out through
the courtyard, past the deserted outer gate.

  There came a blast which seemed to
crack the sky. Corun was knocked down
as by a giant’s fist. He lay in the mud
and saw a pillar of flame lift toward the
heavens with the castle fountaining up on
its wings. Thunder roared over the earth,
shouting to the storm that raged in the
heavens.

  Corun picked himself up and leaned diz-
zily against a tree stripped clean by the
blast. Rain slanted across the ground,
churning the mud beneath his feet, the
livid lightning-glare blazing above. Vaguely,
through ringing, deafened ears, he heard
the wild clamor of the sea. Looking down
the cataract which the upward trail had
become, he saw the Briseia rocking in the
wind where she lay on the beach.

  He gestured to Imazu, who staggered
up to join him. His voice was barely aud-
ible over the shouting wind: “Take the
men down there. We can’t sail in this
storm, but make the ship fast, stand guard
over her. If I’m not back when the storm
is done, start for home.”

  “Where are you going ?” cried the Umlo-
tuan.

  “I’ll be back—maybe. Stay with the
ship!”

  Corun turned and slogged across the
ground toward the jungle.

WEARINESS was gone. He was like
a machine running without thought
or pain until it burned out. Chryseis would
have fled toward high ground, he thought
dully.

  Behind him, Imazu started forward,
then checked himself. Something of the
ultimate loneliness that was in Corun must
have come to the Umlotuan. It was not
a mission on which any other man might
go. And they had to save the ship. He
gestured to his few remaining men and
they began the slow climb down to the
beach.

  The castle was a heap of shattered rock,
still moving convulsively as the last few
|>oxes of devil-powder exploded. The rain

                     •

boiled down over it, churning through
the fragments. Lightning flamed in the
berserk heavens.

  Corun pushed through underbrush that
clutched at his feet and clawed at his
skin. The sword was still hanging loosely
in one hand, nicked and blunted with bat-
tle. He went on mechanically, scarcely
noticing the wind-whipped trees that barred
his way.

  It came to him that he was fighting for
Khroman, the thalassocrat of Achaera,
ruler by right of conquest over Conahur.
But there were worse things than foreign
rule, if it was human, and one of the
greater evils had fled toward the moun-
tain.

  Presently he came out on the bare rocks
above the fringe of jungle growth. The
rain hammered at him, driven by a wind
that screamed like a maddened beast.
Thunder boomed and rolled overhead, a
roar of doom answering the thud of his
heart. The water rushed over his ankles,
foaming down toward the sea.

  She stood waiting for him atop a high
bare hill. Her cloak was drawn tightly
about her slender body, but the wind
caught at it, whipped and tore it. Her
rain-wet hair blew wild.

  “Corun,” she called under the gale.
“Corun.”

  “I am coming,” he said, not caring if
she heard him or not. He struggled up
to where she stood limned against the
sheeted fire in heaven. They faced each
other while the storm raged around them.

  “Corun—”

  She read death in his eyes as he lifted
the sword. Pier form blurred, the outlines
of a monster grew to his eyes.

  He laughed bitterly. “I know what your
magic is,” he said. “You saw me kill
Tsathu.”

  She was human again, human and
lovely, a light-footed spirit of the hurri-
cane. Her face was etched white in the
lightning-glare.

  “Perias!” she screamed.

  The erinye crept forth, belly to the
ground, tail lashing. Hell glared out of
the ice-green eyes. Corun braced himself,
sword in hand.

  Perias sprang—not straight at the man,
36

PLANET STORIES

but into the air. His wings caught the
wind, whirling him aloft. Twisting in mid-
flight, he arrowed down. Corun struck at
him. The erinye dodged the blow and
erne buffeting wingtip caught the man’s
wrist. The sword fell from Corun’s hand.
At once the erinye was onJhim.

  Corun fell under that smashing attack.
The erinye’s fangs gleamed ahove his
throat, the claws sank into his muscles. He
flung up an arm and the teeth crunched
on it, grinding at the bone.

  Corun wrapped his legs in a scissor-lock
around the gaunt body, pressing himself
too close for the clawed hind feet to dis-
embowel him. His free hand reached out,
gouging—he felt an eyeball tear loose, and
the erinye opened his mouth in a thin
scream. Corun pulled his tom arm free.
He struck with a balled fist at the devil-
•beast and felt his knuckles break under
the impact. But bone snapped. Perias’ jaw
hung suddenly loose.

  The erinye sprang back and Corun
lurched to hands and knees. Perias edged
closer, stiff-legged. Corun stumbled erect
and Perias charged. One great wing
smashed out, brought the man toppling
back to earth. Perias leaped for his ex-
posed belly.

  Corun lashed out with both feet. The
thud was dull and hollow under the rack-
eting thunder. Perias tumbled back and
Corun sprang on him. The barbed tail
slashed, laying Corun’s thigh open. He fell
atop the struggling beast and got his free
hand on the throat.

  The mighty wings threshed, half lifting
man and erinye. Corun pulled himself
over on the writhing back. He locked legs
around the body, arms around the neck,
and heaved.

  The erinye yowled. His wings clashed
together with skull-cracking force, barely
missing the head of the man who hugged
his back. His tail raked against Corun’s
back, seeking the vitals. Corun gave an-
other yank. He felt the supple spine bend-
ing. Heave!

  Perias lifted a brassy scream. The
strange dry sound of snapping vertebrae
crackled out. Corun rolled away from the
threshing form.

  Perias gasped, lifted his broken head,

and looked with filming green eyes at
Chryseis where she stood unmoving against
the white fire of the sky. Slowly, pain-
fully, he dragged himself toward her.
Breath rattled in and out of his blood-filled
lungs.

  “Perias—” Chryseis bent over to touch
the great head. The erinye sighed. His
rough tongue licked her feet. Then he
shuddered and lay still.

  “Perias.”

  Corun climbed to his feet and stood
shaking. There was no strength left in
him—it was running out through a dozen
yawning wounds. The ground whirled and
tilted crazily about him. He saw her stand-
ing against the sky and slowly, slowly,
he came toward her.

  Chryseis picked up a stone and threw
it. It seemed to take an immense time,
arcing toward him. Some dim corner of
his buckling consciousness realized that it
would knock him out, that she could then
kill him with the sword and escape into
the hills.

  It didn’t matter. Nothing mattered.

  The stone crashed against his skull and
the world exploded into darkness.

X

He woke up, slowly and

painfully, and lay for a long time
in a state of half-awareness, remembering
only confused fragments of battle and
despair.

  When he opened his eyes, he saw that
the storm was dying. Lightning was wan
in the sky, and thunder mumbled farewell.
The wind had fallen, the rain fell slow and
heavy down on him.

  He saw her bending over him. The
long wet hair tumbled past her face to
fall on his breast. He was wrapped in
her cloak, and she had ripped bandages
from her robe for his hurts.

  He tried to move, and could only stir
feebly. She laid a hand on his cheek.
“Don’t,” she whispered. “Just lie there,
Corun.”

  His head was on her lap, he realized
dimly. His eyes questioned her. She
laughed, softly under the falling rain.

  “Don’t you see?” she said. “Didn’t you

  iT
WITCH OF THE DEMON SEAS

37

think of it? Shorzon’s geas was put on
me as a child. I was always under his
will. Even when he was dead, it was strong
enough to drive me along his road.

  “But I love you, Corun. I will always
love you. My love warred with Shorzon’s
will even as I tried to kill you. And when

I	saw you lying there helpless, after such
a fight as no man has ever waged since
the gods walked the earth—

  “I tried to stab you. And I couldn’t.
Shorzon’s geas was broken.”

  Her hands stroked his hair. “You aren’t
too badly hurt, Corun. I’ll get you down
to the ship. With my witch’s powers, we
can win through any Xanthi who try to
stop us—not that I think they will, with
their leaders destroyed. We can get safely
to Achaera.”

  She sighed. "I will see that you escape
my father’s power, Corun. If you will
return to the pirate life, I will follow
you.”

  He shook his head. “No,” he whispered.
“No, I will take service under Khroman,

if he will have me.”

  “He will,” she vowed softly. “He needs
strong men. And someday you can be
thalassocrat of the empire—”

  It wasn’t so bad, thought Corun drow-
sily. Khroman was a good sort. A highly
placed Conahurian could gradually ease
the burdens of his people until they had
full equality with Achaera in a united and
peaceful domain.

  The menace of the Xanthi was ended.
To be on the safe side, Achaera had better
make them tributary; an expedition which
he, Corun, could lead. After that, there
would be enough to keep a man busy.
As well as the loveliest and best of women
for wife.

  He slept. He did not waken when Imazu
led a squad up in search of him. Chryseis
laid a finger on her lips and a flash of
understanding passed between her and
the captain. He nodded, smiling, and clasped
her hand with sudden warmth.

  They bore the sleeping warrior back
through the rain, down to the waiting ship.

•	t6e next C44*te . . .

      ►	A. E. VAN VOGT

      ►	POIJL ANDERSON

     ►	LEIGH BRACKETT

►	RAYMOND Z. GAIXUN

•	0MUHQ. dOOK , , » FREBRIC BROWN, WILLIAM
TOM, JAMES BUSH, H. B. FYFE, MARGARET ST. CLAIR
CAPTAIN FLANDRY OPENED
his eyes and saw a metal ceiling.
Simultaneously, he grew aware of
the thrum and quiver which meant he
was aboard a spaceship running on ultra-
drive.

  He sat up with a violence that sent the
dregs of alcohol swirling through his head.
He’d gone to sleep in a room somewhere
in the stews of Catawrayannis, with no
prospect or intention of leaving the dty
38

The haughty, horned aliens from
the planet Scotha had very well
organized intentions of conquer-
ing the Terran Empire—and Cap-
tain Dominic Flandry, Terra's ace
saboteur, suddenly found himself
in a strategic position to louse up
the works. How? Well, Achilles
had a heel . . . and what else
could you call a Scothani?

40	PLANET

for an indefinite time—let alone the planet!
Now—

  The chilling realization came that he
was not aboard a human ship. Humanoid,
yes, from the size and design of tilings,
but no vessel ever built within the borders
of the Empire, and no foreign make that
he knew of.

  Even from looking at this one small
cabin, he could tell. There were bunks,
into one of which he had fitted pretty
well, but the sheets and blankets weren’t
of plastic weave. They seemed—he looked
more closely—the sheets seemed to be of
some vegetable fiber, the blankets of long
bluish-gray hair. There were a couple of
chairs and a table in the middle of the
room, wooden, and they must have seen
better days for they were elaborately hand-
carved, and in an intricate interwoven de-
sign new to Flandry—and planetary art-
forms were a hobby of his. The way and
manner in which the metal plating had
been laid was another indication, and—

HE SAT DOWN AGAIN, buried his
whirling head in his hands, and tried
to think. There was a thumping in his
head and a vile taste in his mouth which
liquor didn’t ordinarily leave—at least not
the stuff he’d been drinking—and now that
he remembered, he’d gotten sleepy much
earlier than one would have expected when
the girl was so good-looking—

  Drugged—oh, no! Tell me I’m not as
stupid as a stereo film hero! Anything but
that!

  But who’d have thought it, who’d have
looked for it? Certainly the people and
beings on whom he’d been trying to get
a lead would never try anything like that.
Besides, none of them had been around,
lie was sure of it. He’d simply been out
building part of the elaborate structure of
demimonde acquaintances and information
which would eventually, by exceedingly in-
direct routes, lead him to those he was
seeking. He’d simply been out having a
good time—quite a good time, in fact—
and—

  And now someone from outside the
Empire had him. And now what?

   He got up, a little unsteadily, and looked

STORIES

around for his clothes. No sign of them.
And he’d paid three hundred credits for
that outfit, too. He stamped savagely over
to the door. It didn’t have a photocell
attachment;-he jerked it open and found
himself looking down the muzzle of a
blaster.

  It was of different design from any he
knew, but it was quite unmistakable. Cap-
tain Flandry sighed, relaxed his taut mus-
cles, and looked more closely at the guard
who held it.

  He was humanoid to a high degree,
perhaps somewhat stockier than Terres-
trial average—and come to think of it, the
artificial gravity was a little higher than
one gee—and with very white skin, long
tawny hair and beard, and oblique violet
eyes. His ears were pointed and two small
horns grew above his heavy eyebrow rid-
ges, but otherwise he was manlike enough.
With civilized clothes and a hooded cloak
he could easily pass himself off for human.

  Not in the getup he wore, of course,
which consisted of a kilt and tunic, shining
beryllium-copper cuirass and helmet, bus-
kins over bare legs, and a murderous-
looking dirk. As well as a couple of
scalps hanging at his belt.

  He gestured the prisoner back, and
blew a long hollow blast on a horn slung
at his side. The wild echoes chased each
other down the long corridor, hooting
and howling with a primitive clamor that
tingled faintly along Captain Flandry’9
spine.

  He thought slowly, while he waited: No
intercom, apparently not even speaking
tubes laid the whole length of the ship.
And household articles of wood and animal
and vegetable fibres, and that archaic cos-
tume there — They were barbarians, all
right. But no tribe that he knew about.

  That wasn’t too surprising, since the
Terrestrial Empire and the half-dozen other
civilized states in the known Galaxy ruled
over several thousands of intelligent races
and had some contact with nobody knew
how many thousands more. Many of the
others were, of course, still planet-bound,
but quite a few tribes along the Imperial
borders had mastered a lot of human tech-
nology without changing their fundamental
outlook on things. Which is what comes

r
TIGER BY THE TAIL

41

of' hiring barbarian mercenaries.

  The peripheral tribes were still raiders,
menaces to the border planets and merely
nuisances to the Empire as a whole. Per-
iodically they were bought off, or played
off against each other — or the Empire
might even send a punitive expedition out.
But if one day a strong barbarian race
under a strong leader should form a re-
liable coalition—then vae victis!

A PARTY of Flandry’s captors, ap-
parently officers, guardsmen, and a
few slaves, came down the corridor. Their
leader was tall and powerfully built, with
a cold arrogance in his pale-bue eyes that
did not hide a calculating intelligence.
There was a golden coronet about his
head, and the robes that swirled around
his big body were rainbow-gorgeous.
Flandry recognized some items as having
been manufactured within the Empire.
Looted, probably.

  They came to a halt before him and
the leader looked him up and down with
a deliberately insulting gaze. To be thus
surveyed in the nude could have been badly
disconcerting, but Flandry was immune
to embarrassment and his answering stare
was bland.

  The leader spoke at last, in strongly ac-
cented but fluent Anglic: “You may as
well accept the fact that you are a prisoner,
Captain Flandry.”

  They’d have gone through his pockets,
of course. He asked levelly, “Just to
satisfy my own curiosity, was that girl in
your pay?”

  “Of course. I assure you that the Scot-
hani are. not the brainless barbarians of
popular Terrestrial superstition, though—”
a bleak smile—“it is useful to be thought
so.”

  “The Scothani? I don’t believe I’ve had
the pleasure—”

  “You have probably not heard of us,
though we have had some contact with the
Empire. We have found it convenient to
remain in obscurity, as far as Terra is
concerned, until the time is ripe. But—
what do you think caused the Alarri to
invade you, fifteen years ago?”

  Flandry thought back. He had been a
boy then, but he had, of course, avidly

                    *

followed the news accounts of the terrible
fleets that swept in over the marches and
attacked Vega itself. Only the hardest
fighting at the Battle of Mirzan had
broken the Alarri. Yet it turned out that
they’d been fleeing still another tribe, a
wild and mighty race who had invaded
their own system with fire and ruin. It
was a common enough occurrence in the
turbulent barbarian stars; this one incident
had come to the Empire’s notice only be-
cause the refugees had tried to conquer
it in turn. A political upheaval within
the Terrestrial domain had prevented
closer investigation before the matter had
been all but forgotten.

  “So you were driving the Alarri before
you?” asked Flandry with as close an
approximation to the right note of polite
interest as he could manage in his present
condition.

  “Aye. And others. The Scothani have
quite a little empire now, out there in
the wilderness of the Galaxy. But, since
we were never originally contacted by
Terrestrials, we have, as I say, remained
little known to them.”

  So — the Scothani had learned their
technology from some other race, possibly
other barbarians. It was a familiar pat-
tern, Flandry could trace it out in his
mind. Spaceships landed on the primitive
world, the initial awe of the natives gave
way to the realization that the skymen
weren’t so very different after all—they
could be killed like anyone else; traders,
students, laborers, mercenary warriors
visited the more advanced worlds, brought
back knowledge of their science and tech-
nology ; factories were built, machines pro-
duced, and some tribal king used the new
power to impose his rule on all his planet;
and then, to unite his restless subjects,
he had to turn their faces outward, promise
plunder and glory if they followed him
out to the stars—

  Only the Scothani had carried it farther
than most. And lying as far from the
Imperial border as they did, they could
build up a terrible power without the
complacent, politics-ridden Empire being
more than dimly aware of the fact—until
the day when—

  Vae victis!
42	PLANET

II

t«T ET US HAVE A CLEAR UN-
•L' derstanding,” said the barbarian
chief. “You are a prisoner on a warship
already light years from Llynathawr, well
into the Imperial marches and bound for
Scotha itself. You have no chance of
rescue, and mercy depends entirely on your
own conduct. Adjust it accordingly.”
“May I ask why you picked me up?”
Flandry’s tone was mild.

  “You are of noble blood, and a high-
ranking officer in the Imperial intelligence
service. You may be worth something as
a hostage. But primarily we want infor-
mation.”

 “But I—”

  “I know.” The reply was disgusted.
“You’re very typical of your miserable
kind. I’ve studied the Empire and its de-
cadence long enough to know that. You’re
just another worthless younger son, given
a high-paying sinecure so you can wear a
fancy uniform and play soldier. You don’t
amount to anything.”

  Flandry let an angry flush go up his
cheek. “Look here—”

  “It’s perfectly obvious,” said the bar-
barian. “You come to Llynathawr to track
down certain dangerous conspirators. So
you register yourself in the biggest hotel
in Catawrayannis as Captain Dominic
Flandry of the Imperial Intelligence Ser-
vice, you strut around in your expensive
uniform dropping dark hints about your
leads and your activities—and these con-
sist of drinking and gambling and wench-
ing the whole night and sleeping the whole
day!” A cold humor gleamed in the blue
eyes. “Unless it is your intention that the
Empire’s enemies shall laugh themselves to
death at the spectacle.”

  “If that’s so,” began Flandry thinly,
“then why—”

  “You will know something. You can’t
help picking up a lot of miscellaneous in-
formation in your circles, no matter how
hard you try not to. Certainly you know
specific things about the organization and
activities of your own corps which we
would find useful information. We’ll
squeeze all you know out of you! Then
there will be other services you can per-

STOtUES

form, people within the Empire you can
contact, documents you can translate for
us, perhaps various liaisons you can make
—eventually, you may even earn your
freedom.” The barbarian lifted one big
fist. “And in case you wish to hold any-
thing back, remember that the torturers of
Scotha know their trade.”

  “You needn’t make melodramatic threats,”
said Flandry sullenly.

  The fist shot out, and Flandry fell to
the floor with darkness whirling and roar-
ing through his head. He crawled to
hands and knees, blood dripping from his
face, and vaguely he heard the voice:
“From here on, little man, you are to ad-
dress me as befits a slave speaking to a
crown prince of Scotha.”

  The Terrestrial staggered to his feet.
For a moment his fists clenched. The
prince smiled grimly and knocked him
down again. Looking up, Flandry saw
brawny hands resting on blaster butts—
not a chance, not a chance.

  Besides, the prince was hardly a sadist.
Such brutality was the normal order among
the barbarians—and come to think of it,
slaves within the Empire could be treated
similarly.

  And there was the problem of staying
alive—

  “Yes, sir,” he mumbled.

  The prince turned on his heel and
walked away.

THEY gave him back his clothes,
though someone had stripped the
gold braid and the medals away. Flandry
looked at the soiled, ripped garments and
sighed. Tailor-made—!

  He surveyed himself in the mirror as
he washed and shaved. The face that
looked back was wide across the cheek-
bones, straight-nosed and square-jawed,
With carefully waved reddish-brown hair
and a mustache trimmed with equal at-
tention. Probably too handsome, he re-
flected, wiping the blood from under his
nose, but he’d been young when he had
the plasticosmetician work on him. Maybe
when he got out of this mess he should
have the face made over to a slightly more
rugged pattern to fit his years. He was
in his thirties now, after all—getting to be

     «5
TIGER. RY

THE TAIL

43

a big boy, Dominic.

  The fundamental bone structure of head
and face was his own, however, and so
were the eyes—large and bright, with a
hint of obliquity, the iris of that curious
gray which can seem any color, blue or
green or black or gold. And the trim,
medium-tall body was genuine too. He
hated exercises, but went through a dutiful
daily ritual since he needed sinews and
coordination for his work—and, too, a
man in condition was something to look at
among the usually flabby nobles of Terra;
he'd found his figure no end of help in
making his home leaves pleasant.

  Well, can’t stand here admiring yourself
all day, old fellow. He slipped blouse,
pants, and jacket over his silkite under-
garments, pulled on the sheening boots,
tilted his officer’s cap at an angle of well-
gauged rakishness, a. d walked out to meet
his new owners.

  The Scothani weren’t such bad fellows,
he soon learned. They were big brawling
lusty barbarians, out for adventure and
loot and fame as warriors; they had cour-
age and loyalty and a wild streak of senti-
ment that he liked. But they could also
fly into deadly rages, they were casually
cruel to anyone that stood in their way,
and Flandry acquired a not too high re-
spect for their brains. It would have
helped if they’d washed oftener, too.

  This warship was one of a dozen which
jCerdic, the crown prince, had taken out
on a plundering cruise. They’d sacked a
good many towns, even some on nominally
Imperial planets, and on the way back had
sent down a man in a lifeboat to contact
Cerdic’s agents on Llynathawr, which was
notoriously the listening post of this sector
of the Empire. In learning that there was
something going on which a special agent
from Terra had been investigating, Cerdic
had ordered him picked up. And that was
that.

  Now they were homeward bound, their
holds stuffed with loot and their heads
stuffed with plans for further inroads. It
might not have ^neant much, but—well—
Cerdic and his father Penda didn’t seem
to be just ordinary barbarian chiefs, nor
Scothania an ordinary barbarian nation.

  Could it be that somewhere out there

                     •

among the many stars someone had finally
organized a might that could break the
Empire? Could the Long Night really
be at hand?

  Flandry shoved the thought aside. He
had too much to do right now. Even his
own job at Llynathawr, important as it
was, could and would be handled by some-
one else—though not, he thought a little
sadly, with the Flandry touch—and his
own immediate worry was here and now.
He had to find out the extent of power
and ambition of the Scothani; he had to
learn their plans and get the information
to Terra, and somehow spike them even a
little. After that there might be time to
save his own hide.

CERDIC had him brought to the cap-
tain’s cabin. The place was a typical
barbarian chief’s den, with the heads of
wild beasts on the walls and their hides
on the floors, old shields and swords hung
up in places of honor, a magnificent golden
vase stolen from some planet of artists
shining in a corner. But there were incon-
gruous modern touches, a microprint
reader and many bookrolls from the Em-
pire, astrographic tables and computer, a
vodograph. The prince sat in a massive
carven chair, a silkite robe flung carelessly
over his broad shoulders. He nodded with
a certain affability.

  “Your first task will be to learn Sco-
thanian,” he said without preliminary. “As
yet almost none of our people, even nobles,
speak Anglic, and there are many who will
want to talk to you.”

  “Yes, sir,” said Flandry. It was what
he would most have desired.

  “You had better also start organizing
all you know so you can present it co-
herently,” said the prince. “And I, who
have lived in the Empire, will be able
to check enough of your statements to tell
whether you are likely speaking the truth.”
He smiled mirthlessly. “If there is reason
to suspect you are lying, you will be put
to the torture. And one of our Sensitives
will then get at the truth.”

  So they had Sensitives, too. Telepaths
who couM tell whether a being was lying
when pain had sufficiently disorganized
his mind were as bad as the Empire’s hyp-
PLANET STORIES

44

noprobes.

  “I’ll tell the truth, sir,” he said.

  “I suppose so. If you cooperate, you’ll
find us not an ungrateful people. There
will be more wealth than was ever dreamed
of when we go into the Empire. There
will also be considerable power for such
humans as are our liaison with their race.”
“Sir,” began Flandry, in a tone of weak
self-righteousness, “I couldn’t think of—”
“Oh, yes, you could,” said Cerdic glumly.
“I know you humans. I traveled incognito
throughout your whole Empire, I was on
Terra itself. I posed as one of you, or
when convenient as just another of the
subject races. I know the Empire—its
utter decadence, its self-seeking politicians
and pleasure-loving mobs, corruption and
intrigue everywhere you go, collapse of
morals and duty-sense, decline of art into
craft and science into stagnancy — you
were a great race once, you humans, you
were the first to aspire to the stars and
we owe you something for that, I suppose.
But you’re not the race you once were.”
The viewpoint was biased, but enough
truth lay in it to make Flandry wince.
Cerdic went on, his voice rising: “There
is a new power growing out beyond your
borders, young peoples with the strength
and courage and hopefulness of youth, and
they’ll sweep the rotten fragments of the
Empire before them and build something
new and better.”

  Only, thought Flandry, only first comes
the Long Night, darkness and death and
the end of civilisation, the howling peoples
in the ruins of our temples and a myriad
petty tyrants holding their dreary courts
in the shards of the Empire. To say noth-
ing of the decline of good music and good
cuisine, taste in clothes and taste in women
and conversation as a fine art.

“We’ve one thing you’ve lost,” said Cer-
dic, “and I think ultimately that will be
the deciding factor. Honestly. Flandry,
the Scothani are a race of honest warriors.”
“No doubt, sir,” said Flandry.

  “Oh, we have our evil characters, but
they are few and the custom of private
challenges soon eliminates them,” said
Cerdic. “And even their evil is an open
and clean thing, greed or lawlessness or
something like that; it isn’t the bribery and

conspiracy and betrayal of your rotten j
politicians. And most of us live by our /
code. It wouldn’t occur to a true Scothani I
to do a dishonorable thing, to break an |
oath or desert a comrade or lie on his r'
word of honor. Our women aren’t running I
loose making eyes at every man they come ‘
across; they’re kept properly at home titt
time for marriage and then they know
their place as mothers and houseguiders.
Our boys are raised to respect the gods
and the king, to fight, and to speak truth.
Death is a little thing, Flandry, it comes
to everyone in his time and he cannot stay
it, but honor lives forever.

  “We don’t corrupt ourselves. We keep
honor at home and root out disgrace with
death and torture. We live our code. And
that is really why we will win.”

- Battleships help, thought Flandry. And
then, looking into the cold bright eyes:
He’s a fanatic. But a hell of a smart one.
And that kind makes the most dangerous
enemy.	i

  Aloud he asked, humbly: “Isn’t any
stratagem a lie, sir? Your own disguised
travels within the Empire—”

  “Naturally, certain maneuvers are ne-
cessary,” said the prince stiffly. “Nor does
it matter what one does with regard to
alien races. Especially when they have as
little honor as Terrestrials.”'

  The good old race-superority complex,
too. Oh, well.

   “I tell you this,” said Cerdic earnestly,
“in the hope that you may think it over
and see our cause is just and be with us.
We will need many foreigners, especially
humans, for liaison and intelligence and
other services. You may still accomplish
something in a hitherto wasted life.”

   “I’ll think about it, sir,” said Flandry.
   “Then go.”

  Flandry got.

THE SHIP was a good three weeks
en route to Scotha. It took Flandry
about two of them to acquire an excellent
working knowledge of the language, but
he preferred to simulate difficulty and com-
plained that he got lost when talk was too
rapid. It was surprising how much odd
information you picked up when you were
thought not to understand what was being

   r-
TIGER BY

THE TAIL

45

said. Not anything of great military signi-
ficance, of course, but general background,
stray bits of personal history, attitudes and
beliefs—it all went into the neat filing
system which was Flandry’s memory, to
be correlated with whatever else he knew
or learned into an astonishingly complete
picture.

  The Scothani themselves were quite
friendly, eager to hear about the fabulous
Imperial civilization and to brag of their
own wonderful past and future exploits.
Since there was obviously nothing he could
do, Flandry was under the loosest guard
and had virtually the freedom of the ship.
He slept and messed with the warriors,
swapped bawdy songs and dirty jokes,
joined their rough-and-tumble wrestling
matches to win surprised respect for his
skill, and even became the close friend
and confidant of some of the younger
males.

  The race was addicted to gambling.
Flandry learned their games, taught them
some of the Empire’s, and before the
trip’s end had won back his stolen finery
plus several other outfits and a pleasantly
jingling purse. It was—well—he almost
hated to take his winnings from these
overgrown babies. It just never occurred
to them that dice and cards could be made
to do tricks.

  The picture grew. The barbarian tribes
of Scotha were firmly united under the
leadership of the Frithian kings, had been
for several generations. Theoretically it
was an absolute monarchy, though actually
all classes except the slaves were free.
They had conquered at least a hundred
systems outright, contenting themselves
with exacting tribute and levies from most
of these, and dominated all others within
reach. Under Penda’s leadership, a dozen
similar, smaller barbarian states had al-
ready formed a coalition with the avowed
purpose of invading the Empire, capturing
Terra, destroying the Imperial military
forces, and making themselves masters.
Few of them thought beyond the plunder
to be had, though apparently some of them,
like Cerdic, dreamed of maintaining and
extending the Imperial domain under their
own rule.

  They had a formidable fleet—Flandry

                     «

couldn’t find out its exact size—and its
organization and technology seemed far
superior to that of most barbarian forces.
They had a great industry, mostly slave-
manned with the Scothan overlords super-
vising. They had shrewd leaders, who
would wait till one of the Empire’s recur-
ring political crises had reduced its fight-
ing strength, and who were extremely well
informed about their enemy. It looked—
bad!

  Especially since they couldn’t wait too
long. Despite the unequalled prosperity
created by industry, tribute, and piracy,
all Scotha was straining at the leash, nobles
and warriors in the whole coalition foam-
ing to be at the Empire’s throat; a whole
Galactic sector had been seized by the
same savage dream. When they came roar-
ing in—well, you never could tell. The
Empire’s fighting strength was undoubt-
edly greater, but could it be mobilized in
time? Wouldn’t Penda get gleeful help
from two or three rival imperia ? Couldn’t
a gang of utterly fearless fanatics plow
through the mass of self-seeking officers
and indifferent mercenaries that made up
most of the Imperial power today?

  Might not the Long Night really be at
hand?

Ill

SCOTHA WAS NOT UNLIKE
Terra—a little larger, a little farther
from its sun, the seas made turbulent by
three small close moons. Flandry had a
chance to observe it telescopically — the
ship didn’t have magniscreens—and as
they swept in, he saw the mighty disc roll
grandly against the Galactic star-blaze and
studied the continents with more care than
he showed.

  The planet was still relatively thinly
populated, with great forests and plains
standing empty, archaic cities and villages
huddling about the steep-walled castles of
the nobles. Most of its industry was on
other worlds, though the huge military
bases were all on Scotha and its moons.
There couldn’t be more than a billion Scot-
hani all told, estimated Flandry, probably
less, and many of them would live else-
where as overlords of the interstellar do-
46	PLANET

main. Which didn’t make them less for-
midable. The witless hordes of human-
kind were more hindrance than help to
-the Empire.

  Cerdic’s fleet broke up, the captains
bound for their estates. He took his own
vessel to the capital, Iuthagaar, and brought
it down in the great yards. After the
usual pomp and ceremony of homecoming,
he sent for Flandry.

  “What is your attitude toward us now?”'
he asked.

  “You *are a very likeable people, sir,”
said the Terrestrial, “and it is as you say
—you are a strong and honest race.”
“Then you have decided to help us ac-
tively?” The voice was cold.

   “I really have little choice, sir,” shrugged
Flandry. “I’ll be a prisoner in any case,
unless I get to the point of being trusted.
The only way to achieve that is to give
you my willing assistance.”

  “And what of your own nation?”

  “A man must stay alive, sir. These are
turbulent times.”

  Contempt curled Cerdic’s lip. “Some-
how I thought better of you,” he said.
“But you’re a human. You could only
be expected to betray your oaths for your
own gain.”

  Surprise shook Flandry’s voice. “Wasn’t
this what you wanted, sir?”

  “Oh, yes, I suppose so. Now come along.
But not too close— you make me feel a
little sick.”

  They went up to the great gray castle
which lifted its windy spires over the
city, and presently Flandry found himself
granted an audience with the King of
Scothania.

  It was a huge and dimlit hall, hung with
the banners and shields of old wars and
chill despite the fires that blazed along
its length. Penda sat at one end, wrapped
in furs against the cold, his big body
dwarfed by the dragon-carved throne. He
had his eldest son’s stem manner and bleak
eyes, without the prince’s bitter intensity
—a strong man, thought Flandry, hard and
ruthless and able—but perhaps not too
bright.

  Cerdic had mounted to a seat on his
father’s right. The queen stood on his left,
shivering a little in the damp draft, and

STORIES

down either wall reached a row of guards-
men. The fire shimmered on their breast-
plates and helmets and halberds; they
seemed figures of legend, but Flandry no-
ticed that each warrior carried a blaster
too.

  There were others in evidence, several
of the younger sons of Penda, grizzled
generals and councillors, nobles come for
a visit. A few of the latter were of non-
Scothan race and did not seem to be meet-
ing exceptional politeness. Then there were
the hangers-on, bards and dancers and the
rest, and slaves scurrying about. Except
for its size—and its menace—it was a typi-
cal barbarian court.

FLANDRY bowed the knee as required,
but thereafter stood erect and met the
king’s eye. His position was anomalous, of-
ficially Cerdic’s captured slave, actually—
well, what was he? Or what could he be-
come in time?

  Penda asked a few of the more obvious
questions, then said slowly: “You will
confer with General Nartheof here, head
of our intelligence section, and tell him
what you know. You may also make sug-
gestions if you like, but remember that
false intentions will soon be discovered
and punished.”

  “I will be honest, your majesty.”

  “Is any Terrestrial honest?” snapped
Cerdic.

  “I am,” said Flandry cheerfully. “As
long as I’m paid, I serve faithfully. Since
I’m no longer in the Empire’s pay, I
must perforce look about for a new mas-
ter.”

  “I doubt you can be much use,” said
Penda.

  “I think I can, your majesty,” an-
swered Flandry boldly. “Even in little
things. For instance, this admirably deco-
rated hall is so cold one must wear furs
within it, and still the hands are numb.
I could easily show a few technicians how
to install a radiant heating unit that would
make it like summer in here.”

  Penda lifted his bushy brows. Cerdic
fairly snarled: “A Terrestrial trick, that.
Shall we become as soft and luxurious as
the Imperials, we who hunt vorgari on
ski?”
TIGER BY THE TAIL

47

  Flandry’s eyes, flitting around the room,
caught dissatisfied expressions on many
faces. Inside, he grinned. The prince’s
austere ideals weren’t very popular with
these noble savages. If they only had the
nerve to—

  It was the queen who spoke. Her soft
voice was timid: “Sire, is there any harm
in being warm ? I—I am always cold' these
days.”

  Flandry gave her an appreciative look.
He’d already picked up the background of
Queen Gunli. She was young, Penda’s
third wife, and she came from more south-
erly Scothan lands than Iuthagaar; her
folk were somewhat more civilized than
the dominant Frithians. She was certainly
a knockout, with that dark rippling hair
and those huge violet eyes in her pert face.
And that figure too—there was a sup-
pressed liveliness in her; he wondered if
she had ever cursed the fate that gave
her noble blood and thus a political mar-
riage.

  For just an instant their eyes crossed.

  “Be still,” said Cerdic.

  Gunli’s hand fell lightly on Penda’s.
The king flushed. “Speak not to your
queen thus, Cerdic,” he said. “In truth
this Imperial trick is but a better form
of fire, which no one calls unmanly. We
will lei; the Terrestrial make one.”

  Flandry bowed his most ironical boW.
Cocking an eye up at the queen, he caught
a twinkle. She knew. „

NARTHEOF made a great show of
blustering honesty, but there was a
shrewd brain behind the hard little eyes
that glittered in his hairy face. He leaned
back and folded his hands behind his head
and gave Flandry a quizzical stare.

  “If it is as you say—” he began.

  “It is,” said the Terrestrial.

  “Quite probably. Your statements so
far check with what we already know, and
we can soon verify much of the rest. If,
then, you speak truth, the Imperial organi-
zation is fantastically good.” He smiled.
“As it should be—it conquered the stars,
in the old days. But it’s no better than
the beings who man it, and everyone knows
how venial and cowardly the Imperials are
today.”

                      *

  Flandry said nothing, but he remem-
bered the gallantry of the Sirian units at
Garrapoli and the dogged courage of the
Valatian Legion and—well, why go on?
The haughty Scothani just didn’t seem
able to realize that a state as absolutely
decadent as they imagined the Empire to
be wouldn’t have endured long enough
to be their own enemy.

  “We’ll have to reorganize everything,”
said Nartheof. “I don’t care whether what
you say is true or not, it makes good sense.
Our whole setup is outmoded. It’s ridicu-
lous, for instance, to give commands ac-
cording to nobility and blind courage in-
stead of proven intelligence.”

  “And you assume that the best enlisted
man will make the best officer,” said
Flandry. “It doesn’t necessarily follow.
A strong and hardy warrior may expect
more of his men than they can give. You
can’t all be supermen.”

  “Another good point. And we should
eliminate swordplay as a requirement;
swords are useless today. And we have
to train mathematicians to compute tra-
jectories and everything else.” Nartheof
grimaced. “I hate to think what would
have happened if we’d invaded three years
ago, as many hotheads wanted to do. We
would have inflicted great damage, but
that’s all.”

  “You should wait at least another ten
or twenty years and really get prepared.”
“Can’t. The great nobles wouldn’t stand
for it. Who wants to be duke of a planet
when he could be viceroy of a sector?
But we have a year or two yet.” Nartheof
scowled. “I can get my own service whipped
into shape, with your help and advice! I
have most of the bright lads. But as for
some of the other forces — gods, the dun-
derheads they have in command! I’ve
argued myself hoarse with Nornagast, to
no use. The fool just isn’t able to see that
a space fleet the size of ours must have
a speical coordinating division equipped
with semantic calculators and—The worst
of it is, he’s a cousin to the king, he ranks
me. Not much I can do.”

  “An accident could happen to Norna-
gast,” murmured Flandry.

  “Eh?” Nartheof gasped. “What do you
mean ?”
48

PLANET STORIES

«]SjOTHING,” said Flandry lightly.

       “But just for argument’s sake,
suppose—well, suppose some good swords-
man should pick a quarrel with Norna-
gast. I don’t doubt he has many enemies.
If he should unfortunately be killed in
the duel, you might be able to get to his
majesty immediately after, before anyone
else, and persuade him to appoint a more
reasonable successor. Of course, you’d
have to know in advance that there’d be a
duel.”

  “Of all the treacherous, underhanded—!”

  “I haven’t done anything but speculate,”
said Flandry mildly. “However, I might
remind you of your own remarks. It’s
hardly fair that a fool should have com-
mand and honor and riches instead of
better men who simply happen to be of
lower degree. Nor, as you yourself said,
is it good for Scothania as a whole.”

  “I won’t hear of any such Terrestrial
vileness.”

  “Of course not. I was just—well, spec-
ulating. I can’t help it. All Terrestrials
have dirty minds. But we did conquer the
stars once.”

  “A man might go far, if only—no!”
Nartheof shook himself. “A warrior
doesn’t bury his hands in muck.”

  “No. But he might use a pitchfork.
Tools don’t mind dirt. The man who
wields them doesn’t even have to know
the details—But let’s get back to business.”
Flandry relaxed even more lazily. “Here’s
a nice little bit of information which only
highly placed Imperials know. The Empire
has a lot of arsenals and munitions dumps
which are guarded by nothing but secrecy.
The Emperor doesn’t dare trust certain
units to guard such sources of power, and
he can’t spare enough reliable legions to
watch them all. So obscure, uninhabited
planets are used.” Nartheof’s eyes were
utterly intent now. “I know of only one,
but it’s a good prospect. An uninhabited,
barren system not many parsecs inside the
border, the second planet honeycombed
with underground works that are crammed
with spaceships, atomic bombs, fuel —
power enough to wreck a world. A small,
swift fleet could get there, take most of
the stores, and destroy the rest before
the nearest garrison could ever arrive in

defense.”

  “Is that—true?”

  “You can easily find out. If I’m lying,
it’ll cost you that small unit, that’s all—
and I assure you I’ve no desire to be tor-
tured to death.”

  “Holy gods!” Nartheof quivered. “I’ve
got to tell Cerdic now, right away—”
“You could. Or you might simply go
there yourself without telling anyone. If
Cerdic knows, he’ll be the one to lead the
raid. If you went, you’d get the honor
—and the power—

  “Cerdic would—not like it.”

  “Too late then. He could hardly chal-
lenge you for so bold and successful a
stroke.”

  “And he is getting too proud of him-
self—he could stand a little taking down.”
Nartheof chuckled, a deep vibration in
his shaggy breasf. “Aye, by Valtam’s
beard, I’ll do it! Give me the figures
now—”

  Presently the general looked up from
the papers and gave Flandry a puzzled
stare. “If this is the case, and I believe it
is,” he said slowly, “it 11 be a first-rate
catastrophe for the Empire. Why are you
with us, human?’

  “Maybe I’ve decided I like your cause
a little better,” shrugged Flandry. “Maybe
I simply want to make the best of my
own situation. We Terrestrials are adapt-
able beasts. But I have enemies here, Nar-
theof, and I expect to make a few more.
I’ll need a powerful friend.”

  “You have one,” promised the barbarian.
“You’re much too useful to me to be
killed. And—and—damn it, human, some-
how I can’t help liking you.”

IV

TH E DICE RATTLED DOWN
onto the table and came to a halt.
Prince Torric swore good-naturedly and
shoved the pile of coins toward Flandry.
“I just can’t win,” he laughed. “You
have the gods with you, human.”

  For a slave, I’m not doing so badly,
thought Flandry. In fact, I’m getting rich.
“Fortune favors the weak, highness,” he
smiled. “The strong don’t need luck.”

  “To Theudagaar with titles,” said the
TIGER RY

young warrior. He was drunk; wine
flushed his open face and spread in pud-
dles on the table before him. “We’re too
good friends by now, Dominic. Ever since
you got my affairs in order—”

  “I have a head for figures, and of
course Terrestrial education helps—Torric.
But you need money.”

  “There’ll be enough for all when we
hold the Empire. I’ll have a whole system
to rule, you know.”

  Flandry pretended surprise. “Only a
system ? After all, a son of King Penda—”
“Cerdic’s doing,” Torric scowled blackly.
“The dirty avagar persuaded Father that
only one—himself, of course—should suc-
ceed to the throne. He said no kingdom
ever lasted when the sons divided power
equally.”

  “It seems very unfair. And how does
he know he’s the best?”

  “He’s the oldest. That’s what counts.
And he’s conceited enough to be sure of
it.” Torric gulped another beakerful.

  “The Empire has a better arrangement.
Succession is by ability alone, among many
in-a whole group of families.”

  “Well—the old ways—what can I do?”
“That’s hardly warrior’s talk, Torric.
Admitting defeat .so soon—I thought bet-
ter of you!”

  “But what to do—f”

  “There are ways. Cerdic’s power, like
that of all chiefs, rests on his many sup-
porters and his own household troops. He
isn’t well liked. It wouldn’t be hard to
get many of his friends to give allegiance
elsewhere.”

  “But — treachery — would you make a
brotherslayer of me?”

  “Who said anything about killing? Just
—dislodging, let us say. He could always
have a system or two to rule, just as he
meant to give you.”

  “But—look, I don’t know anything
about your sneaking Terrestrial ways. I
suppose you mean to dish—disaffect his
allies, promise them more than he gives
. . What’s that word—bribery?—I don’t
know a thing about it, Dominic. I couldn’t
do it.”

  “You wouldn’t have to do it,” mur-
mured Flandry. “I could help. What’s a
♦—Planet—January

THE TAIL	49

man for, if not to help his friends ?”

*	* *

  Earl Morgaar, who held the conquered
Zanthudian planets in fief, was a noble of
power and influence beyond his station.
He was also notoriously greedy.

  He said to Captain Flandry: “Terres-
trial, your suggestions about farming out
tax-gathering have more than doubled my
income. But now the natives are rising in
revolt against me, murdering my troops
wherever they get a chance and burning
their farms rather than pay the levies.
What do they do about that in the Em-
pire?”

  “Surely, sir, you could crush the rebels
with little effort,” said Flandry.

  “Oh, aye, but dead men don’t pay tri-
bute either. Isn’t there a better way? My
whole domain is falling into chaos.”

  “Several ways, sir.” Flandry sketched a
few of them—puppet native committees,
propaganda shifting the blame onto some
scapegoat, and the rest of it. He did not
add that these methods work only when
skillfully administered.

  “It is well,” rumbled the earl at last.
His hard gaze searched Flandry’s im-
passively smiling face. “You’ve made your-
self useful to many a Scothanian leader
since coming here, haven’t you? There’s
that matter of Nartheof—he’s a great man
now because he captured that Imperial ar-
senal. And there are others. But it seems
much of this gain is at the expense of
other Scothani, rather than of the Empire.
I still wonder about Nornagast’s death—”
“History shows that the prospect of
great gain always stirs up internal strife,
sir,” said Flandry. “It behooves the strong
warrior to seize a dominant share of power
for himself and so reunite his people
against their common enemy. Thus did
the early Terrestrial emperors end the civil
wars and become the rulers of the then
accessible universe.”

  “Ummm — yes. Gain—power—wealth—
aye, some good warrior—”

  “Since we are alone, sir,” said Flandry,
“perhaps I may remark that Scotha itself
has seen many changes of dynasty.”

  “Yes—of course, I took an oath to the
king. But suppose, just suppose the best
interests of Scothania were served by a
50

PLANET

STORIES

newer and stronger family—”

  They were into details of the matter
within an hour. Flandry suggested that
Prince Kortan would be a valuable ally—
but beware of Torric, who had ambitions
of his own—

*	* *

  There was a great feast given at the
winter solstice. The town and the palace
blazed with light and shouted with music
and drunken laughter. Warriors and no-
bles swirled their finest robes about them
and boasted of the ruin they would wreak
in the Empire. It was to be noted that
the number of alcoholic quarrels leading
to bloodshed was unusually high this year,
especially among the upper classes.

  There were enough dark corners, though.
Flandry stood in one, a niche leading to
a great open window, and looked over
the glittering town lights to the huge white
hills that lay silent beyond, under the
hurtling moons. Above were the stars,
bright with the frosty twinkle of winter;
they seemed so near that one could reach
a hand up and pluck them from the sky.
A cold breeze wandered in from outside.
Flandry wrapped his cloak more tightly
about him.

  A light footfall sounded on the floor.
He looked about and saw Gunli the queen.
Her tall young form was vague in the
shadow, but a shaft of moonlight lit her
face with an unearthly radiance. She might
have been a lovely girl of Terra, save for
the little horns and—well—

  These people aren’t really human. They
look human, but no people of Terra were
ever so—simple-minded! Then with an in-
ward grin: But you don’t expect a talent
for intrigue in women, Terrestrial or Sco-
than. So the females of this particular spe-
cies are quite human enough for anyone’s
taste.

  The cynical mirth faded into an inde-
finable sadness. He—damn it, he liked
Gunli. They had laughed together often
in the last few months, and she was
honest and warm-hearted and—well, no
matter, no matter.

  “Why are you here all alone, Dominic ?”
she asked. Her voice was very quiet, and
her eyes seemed huge in the cold pale
moonlight.

  “It would hardly be prudent for me to
join the party,” he answered wryly. “I’d
cause too many fights. Half of them out
there hate my insides.”

  “And the other half can’t do without
you,” she smiled. “Well, I’m as glad not
to be there myself. These Frithians are
savages. At home—” She looked out the
window and there were suddenly tears
glittering in her eyes.

  “Don’t weep, Gunli,” said Flandry softly.
“Not tonight. This is the night the sun
turns, remember. There is always new
hope in a new year.”

  “I can’t forget the old years,” she said
with a bitterness that shocked him.

  Understanding came. He asked quietly:
“There was someone else, wasn’t there?”
“Aye. A young knight. But he was of
low degree, so they married me off to
Penda, who is old and chill. And Jomana
was killed in one of Cerdic’s raids—” She
turned her head to look at him, and a,
pathetic attempt at a smile quivered on
her lips. “It isn’t Jomana, Dominic. He
was very dear to me, but even the deepest
wounds heal with time. But I think of all
the other young men, and their sweet-
hearts—”

  “It’s what the men want themselves/'
“But not what the women want. Not
to wait and wait and wait till the ships
come back, never knowing whether there
will only be his shield aboard. Not to
rock her baby in her arms and know that
in a few years he will be a stiffened corpse
on the shores of some unknown planet.
Not—well—” She straightened her slim
shoulders. “Little I can do about it.”

  “You are a very brave and lovely wo-
man, Gunli,” said Flandry. “Your kind
has changed history ere this.” And he sang
softly a verse he had made in the Scothag.
bardic form:

    "So I see you standing,
    sorrowful in darkness.

    But the moonlight’s broken
    by your eyes tear-shining—•
    moonlight in the maiden’s
    magic net of tresses.

    Gods gave many gifts, but,

    Gunli, yours was greatest.”

  Suddenly she was in his arms . „ t

*	* *

ir
TIGER BY THE TAIL

51

 Sviffash of Sithafar was angry. He
paced up and down the secret chamber,
his tail lashing about his bowed legs,
his fanged jaws snapping on the accented
Scothanian words that poured out.

 “Like a craieex they treat me!” he
hissed. “I, king of a planet and an intel-
ligent species, must bow before the dirty
barbarian Penda. Our ships have the worst
positions in the fighting line and the last
chance at loot. The swaggering Scothani
on Sithafar treat my people as if they
were conquered peasants, not warrior al-
lies. It is not to be endured!”

  Flandry remained respectfully silent. He
had carefully nursed the reptile king’s
smoldering resentment along ever since the
being had come to Iuthagaar for con-
ference, but he wanted Sviffash to think
it was all his own idea.

  “By the Dark God, if I had a chance
I think I’d go over to the Terran side!”
exploded Sviffash. “You say they treat
their subjects decently?”

  “Aye, we’ve learned it 'doesn’t pay to
be prejudiced about race, your majesty.
In fact, many nonhumans hold Terrestrial
citizenship. And of course a vassal of the
Empire remains free within his own. do-
main, except in certain matters of trade
and military force where we must have
uniformity. And he has the immeasurable
power and wealth of the Empire behind
and with him.”

  “My own nobles would "follow gladly
enough,” said Sviffash. “They’d sooner
loot Scothanian than Terrestrial planets,
if they didn’t fear Penda’s revenge.”
“Many other of Scotha’s allies feel like-
wise, your majesty. And still more would
Join an uprising just for the sake of the
readily available plunder, if only they were
sure the revolt would succeed. It is a
matter of getting them all together and
agreeing—”

  “And you have contacts everywhere,
Terrestrial. You’re like a spinner weaving
its web. Of course, if you’re caught I shall
certainly insist I never had anything to
do with you.”

  “Of course, your majesty.”

  “But if it works—hah!” The lidless
black eyes glittered and a forked tongue
flickered out between the homy lips. “Hah,

                        *

HAVE A

MURDER...

HAVE

TWO!

buy

TWO COMPLETE

DETECTIVE BOOKS

—the magazine that give* yon

NOT JUST ONE

of the recent best-seller* in the
mystery field

BUT TWO!

     for

Endless delightful, spine-chilling

 excitement by the best mystery
 writers of today — whose boobs,
 separately, would cost you 92.00
 each ...

A FOUR-DOLLAR VALUE
TWO COMPLETE

DETECTIVE BOOKS

FOB TWENTY-FIVE CENTS
AT YOUR NEWSSTAND
52

PLANET

STORIES

the sack of Scotha!”

“No, your majesty. It is necessary that
Scotha be spared. There will be enough
wealth to be had on her province planets.”
“Why?” The question was cold, emo-
tionless.

  “Because you see, your majesty, we will
have Scothan allies who will cooperate
only on that condition. Some of the power-
seeking nobles . . . and then there is a
southern nationalist movement which wish-
es separation from the Frithian north ...
and I may say that it has the secret leader-
ship of the queen herself . .

    * * * '
Flandry’s eyes were as chill as his voice:
“It will do you no good to kill me, Duke
Asdagaar. I have left all the evidence with
a reliable person who, if I do not return
alive, or if I am killed later, will take
it directly to the king and the people.”
The Scothan’s hands clenched white
about the arms of his chair. Impotent rage
shivered in his voice: “You devil! You
crawling worm!”

  “Name-calling is rather silly coming
from one of your history,” said Flandry.
“A parricide, a betrayer of comrades, a
breaker of oaths, a mocker of the gods—
I have all the evidence, Duke Asdagaar.
Some of it is on paper, some is nothing
but the names of scattered witnesses and
accomplices each of whom knows a little
of your career. And a man without honor,
on Scotha, is better dead. In fact, he soon
will be.”

  “But how did you learn—?” Hopeless-
ness was coming into the duke’s tone; he
was beginning to tremble a little.

  “I have my ways. For instance, I learned
quite a bit by cultivating the acquaintance
of your slaves and servants. You high-
born forget that the lower classes have
eyes and ears, and that they talk among
themselves.”

  “Well—” The words were almost stran-
gled. “What do you want?”

  “Help for certain others. You have
powerful forces at your disposal—”

      *	* *

  Spring winds blew softly through the
garden and stirred the trees to rustling.
There was a deep smell of green life about
them; a bird was singing somewhere in

the twilight, and the ancient promise of
summer stirred in the blood.

  Flandry tried to relax in the fragrant
evening, but he was too tense—his nerves
were drawn into quivering wires and he
had grown thin and hollow-eyed. So too
had Gunli, but it seemed only to heighten
her loveliness; it had more than a hint
of the utterly alien and remote now.

  “Well, the spaceship is off,” said the
man. His voice was weary. “Aethagir
shouldn’t have any trouble getting to Ifri,
and he’s a clever lad—he’ll find a way
to deliver my letter to Admiral Walton.”
He scowled, and a nervous tic began over
his left eye. “But the timing is so des-
perately close. If our forces strike too
soon, or too late, it can be ruinous.”

  “I don’t worry about that, Dominic,”
said Gunli. “You know how to arrange
these things.”

  “I’ve never handled an empire before,
my beautiful. The next several days will
be touch and go. And that’s why I want
you to leave Scotha now. Take a ship and
some trusty guards and go to Alagan or
Gimli or some other out-of-the-way planet."
He smiled with one corner of his mouth.
“It would be a bitter victory if you died
in it, Gunli.”

Her voice was haunted. “I should die.
I’ve betrayed my lord—I am dishonored—”
“You’ve saved your people—your own
southerners, and ultimately all Scotha.”'
“But the broken oaths—” She began to
weep, quietly and hopelessly.

“An oath is only a means to an end.
Don’t let the means override the end.”
“An oath is an oath. But Dominic—
it was a choice of standing by Penda or
by—you—”

  He comforted her as well as he could.
And he reflected grimly that he had never
before felt himself so thoroughly a skunk.

V

THE BATTLE IN SPACE WAS,
to the naked eye, hardly visible—■
brief flashes of radiation among the
swarming stars, occasionally the dark form
of a ship slipping by and occulting a wisp
of the Milky Way. But Admiral Walton
smiled with cold satisfaction at the to-
TIGER BY THE TAIL

53

tality of reports given him by the semantic
integrator.

 “We’re mopping them up,” he said.
“Our task force has twice their strength,
and they’re disorganized and demoralized
anyway.”

 “Whom are we fighting?” wondered
Chang, the executive officer.

  “Don’t know for sure. They’ve split into
so many factions you can never tell who
it is. But from Flandry’s report, I’d s_ay
it was—what was that outlandish name
now?—Duke Markagrav’s fleet. He holds
this sector, and is a royalist. But it might
be Kelry, who’s also anti-Terrestrial—but
at war with Markagrav and in revolt
against the king.”

  “Suns and comets and little green as-
teroids !” breathed Chang. “This Scothanian
hegemony seems just to have disintegrated.
Chaos! Everybody at war with everybody
else, and hell take the hindmost! How’d
he do it?”

  “I don’t know.” Walton grinned. “But
Flandry’s the Empire’s ace secret service
officer. He works miracles before break-
fast. Why, before these barbarians snatched
him he was handling the Llynathawr trou-
ble all by himself. And you know how
he was doing it? He went there with
everything but a big brass band, did a
perfect imitation of a political appointee
using the case as an excuse to do some
high-powered roistering, and worked his
way up toward the conspirators through
the underworld characters he met in the
course of it. They never dreamed he was
any kind of danger—as we found out after
a whole squad of men had worked for
six months to crack the case of his disap-
pearance.”

  “Then the Scothanians have been hold-
ing the equivalent of a whole army—and
didn’t know it!”

  “That’s right,” nodded Walton. “The
biggest mistake they ever made was to
kidnap Captain Flandry. They should
have played safe and kept some nice harm-
less cobras for pets!”

1UTHAGAAR was burning. Mobs rioted
in the streets and howled with fear
and rage and the madness of catastrophe.
The remnants of Penda’s army had aban-

                      *

doned the town and were fleeing north-
ward before the advancing southern rebels.
They would be harried by Torric’s guer-
rillas, who in turn were the fragments of
a force smashed by Earl Morgaar after
Penda was slain by Kortan’s assassins.
Morgaar himself was dead and his rebels
broken by Nartheof—the earl’s own band
had been riddled by corruption and greed
and had fallen apart before the royalists’
counterblow.

  But Nartheof was dead too, at the hands
of Nornagast’s vengeful relatives. His
own seizure of supreme power and attempt
at reorganization had created little but con-
fusion, which grew worse when he was
gone. Now the royalists were a beaten
force somewhere out in space, savagely at-
tacked by their erstwhile allies, driven off
the revolting conquered planets, and swept
away before the remorselessly advancing-
Terrestrial fleet.

  The Scothanian empire had fallen into
a hundred shards, snapping at each other
and trying desperately to retrieve their
own with no thought for the whole. Lost
in an incomprehensibly complex network
of intrigue and betrayal, the great leaders
fell, or pulled out of the mess and made
hasty peace with Terra. War and anarchy
flamed between the stars—but limited war,
a petty struggle really. The resources and
organization for real war and its attendant
destruction just weren’t there any more.

  A few guards still held the almost-de-
serted palace, waiting for the Terrestrials
to come and end the strife. There was
nothing they could do but wait.

  Captain Flandry stood at a window and
looked over the city. He felt no great
elation. Nor was he safe yet. Cerdic was
loose somewhere on the planet, and Cerdic
had undoubtedly guessed who was respon-
sible.

  Gunli came to the human. She was
very pale. She hadn’t expected Penda’s
death and it had hurt her. But there was
nothing to do now' but go through with
the business.

  “Who would have thought it?” she
whispered. “Who would have dreamed we
would ever come to this? That mighty
Scotha would lie at the conqueror’s feet?”

  “I would,” said Flandry tonelessly.
54

PLANET STORIES

“Such jerry-built empires as yours never
last. Barbarians just don’t have the talent
and the knowledge to run them. Being
only out for plunder, they don’t really
build.

   “Of course, Scotha was especially sus-
ceptible to this kind of sabotage. Your
much-vaunted honesty was your own un-
doing. By carefully avoiding any hint of
dishonorable actions, you became com-
pletely ignorant of the techniques and the
preventive measures. Your honor was
never more than a latent ability for dis-
honor. All I had to do, essentially, was
to point out to your key men the rewards
of betrayal. If they’d been really honest,
I’d have died at the first suggestion. In-
stead—they grabbed at the chance. So it
was easy to set them against each other
until no one knew whom he could trust—”
He smiled humorlessly. “Not many Scot-
hani objected to bribery or murder or
treachery when it was shown to be to
their advantage. I assure you, most Ter-
restrials would have thought further, been
able to see beyond their own noses and
realized the ultimate disaster it would
bring.”

   “Still—honor is honor, and I have lost
mine and so have all my people.” Gunli
looked at him with a strange light in her
eyes. “Dominic, disgrace can only be
wiped out in blood.”

  He felt a sudden tightening of his
nerves and muscles, an awareness of some-
thing deadly rising before him. “What do
you mean?”

  She had lifted the blaster from his
holster and skipped out of reach before
he could move. “No—stay there!” Her
voice was shrill. “Dominic, you are a
cunning man. But are you a brave one?”

HE STOOD STILL before the menace
of the weapon. “I think—” He
groped for words. No, she wasn’t crazy.
But she wasn’t really human, and she
had the barbarian’s fanatical code in her
as well. Easy, easy—or death would spit
at him—“I think I took a few chances,
Gunli.”

   “Aye. But you never fought. You haven’t
stood up man to man and battled as a war-
-rior should.” Pain racked her thin lovely

face. She was breathing hard now. “It’s
for you as well as him, Dominic. He has
to have his chance to avenge his father—
himself—fallen Scotha—and you have to
have a chance too. If you can win, then
you are the stronger and have the right—”
Might makes right. It was, after all,
the one unbreakable law of Scotha. The
old trial by combat, here on a foreign
planet many light-years from green Ter-
ra—

  Cerdic came in. He had a sword in
either hand, and there was a savage glee
in his bloodshot eyes.

  “I let him in, Dominic,” said Gunli. She
was crying now. “I had to. Penda was my
lord—but kill him, kill him!”

  With a convulsive movement, she threw
the blaster out of the window. Cerdic
gave her an inquiring look. Her voice
was almost inaudible: “I might not be able
to stand it. I might shoot you, Cerdic.”
“Thanks!” He ripped the word out, sav-
agely. “I’ll deal with you later, traitress.
Meanwhile—” A terrible laughter bubbled
in his throat— “I’ll carve your—friend—
into many small pieces. Because who,
among the so-civilized Terrestrials, can
handle a sword?”

  Gunli seemed to collapse. “O gods, O
almighty gods—I didn’t think of that—”
Suddenly she flung herself on Cerdic,
tooth and nail and horns, snatching at his
dagger. “Get him, Dominic!” she screamed.
“Get him!”

  The prince swept one brawny arm out.
There was a dull smack and Gunli fell
heavily to the floor.

  “Now,” grinned Cerdic, “choose your
weapon!”

  Flandry came forward and took one
of the slender broadswords. Oddly, he was
thinking mostly about the queen, huddled
there on the floor. Poor kid, poor kid,
she’d been under a greater strain than
flesh and nerves were meant to bear. But
give her a chance and she’d be all right.

  Cerdic’s eyes were almost dreamy now.
He smiled as he crossed blades. “This
will make up for a lot,” he said. “Before
you die, Terrestrial, you will no longer
be a man—”

  Steel rang in the great hall. Flandry
parried the murderous slash and raked
TIGER BY

the prince’s cheek. Cerdic roared and
plunged at him, his blade weaving a net
of death before him. Flandry skipped back,
sword ringing on sword, shoulders against
the wall.

  They stood for an instant, straining
blade against blade, sweat rivering off
them, and bit by bit the Scothan’s greater
strength bent Flandry’s arm aside. Sud-
denly the Terrestrial let go, striking out
almost in the same moment, and the
prince’s steel hissed by his face.

  He ran back and Cerdic rushed him
again. The Scothan was wide open for
the simplest stop thrust, but Flandry didn’t
want to kill him. They closed once more,
blades clashing, and the human waited for
his chance.

  It came, an awkward move, and then
one supremely skillful twist—Cerdic’s
sword went spinning out of his hand and
across the room and the prince stood dis-
armed with Flandry’s point at his throat.

  For a moment he gaped in utter stupe-
faction. Flandry laughed harshly and said:
“My dear friend, you forget that delib-
erate archaism is one characteristic of a
decadent society. There’s hardly a noble
in the Empire who hasn’t studied scienti-
fic fencing.”

  Defeat was neavy in the prince’s defiant
voice: “Kill me, then. Be done with it.”
“There’s been too much killing, and you
can be too useful.” Flandry threw his own
weapon aside and cocked his fists. “But
there’s one thing I’ve wanted to do for a
long, long time.”

  Despite the Scothan’s powerful but
clumsy defense, Flandry proceeded to beat
the living hell out of him.

MTT/E’VE SAVED SCOTHA, all
VV Scotha,” said Flandry. “Think,
girl. What would have happened if you’d
gone on into the Empire? Even if you’d
won—and that was always doubtful, for
Terra is mightier than you thought—
you’d only have fallen into civil war. You
just didn’t have the capacity to run an
empire—as witness the fact that your own

<#

THE TAIL	55

allies and conquests turned on you the
first chance they got. You’d have fought
each other over the spoils, greater powers
would have moved in, Scotha would have
been ripe for sacking—eventually you’d
have gone down into Galactic oblivion. The
present conflict was really quite small—it
took far fewer lives than even a successful
invasion of the Empire would have done.
And now Terra will bring the peace you
longed for, Gunli.”

  “Aye,” she whispered. “Aye, we deserve
to be conquered.”

  “But you aren’t,” he said. “The south-
erners hold Scotha now, and Terra will
recognize them as the legal government—
with you the queen, Gunli. You’ll be an-
other vassal state of the Empire, yes,
but with all your freedoms except the
liberty to rob and kill other races. And
trade with the rest of the Empire will
bring you a greater and more enduring
prosperity than war ever would.

  “I suppose that the Empire is decadent.
But there’s no reason why it can’t some-
day have a renaissance. When the vigorous
new peoples such as yours are guided by
the ancient wisdom of Terra, the Galaxy
may see its greatest glory.”

  She smiled at him. It was still a wan
smile, but something of her old spirit
was returning to her. “I don’t think the
Empire is so far gone, Dominic,” she
said. “Not when it has men like you.” She
took his hands. “And what will you be
doing now?”

  He met her eyes, and there was a sud-
den loneliness within him. She—was very
beautiful—

  But it could never work out. Best to
leave now, before a bright memory grew
tarnished with the day-to-day clashing of
personalities utterly foreign to each other.
She would forget him in time, find some-
one else, and he—well—“I have my work,”
he said.

  They looked up to the bright sky. Far
above them, the first of the descending
Imperial ships glittered in the sunlight
like a falling star.
TASK to LUNA

THE ROCKETS STARTED
almost simultaneously. From two
widely separated points on the great
curving surface of Earth they reached up-
ward and outward—toward the Moon.

  It wasn’t really so strange a coincidence.
Space navigation is governed by mathe-
matics and logic, not politics. The fact that
man-carrying spaceships happened to be
developed concurrently on two sides of an
iron curtain meant little to the Universe.
It happened, that’s all. And there is a
proper time to launch such missiles. When
that time came, they were launched.

  In a manner of speaking it was a race. A
race wherein the prizes were such things as:
“gravity gauge” and “surveillance point”
and “impregnable launching sites.” The
contestants were earnest, capable men;
each certain that the Moon must not fall
into the hands of the opponent. It made a
stirring and patriotic picture, vivid with
nationalistic fervor. It was thrilling with
its taste of high adventure and self-sacri-
fice. For each rocket pilot it was a personal
crusade against the thing he had been
raised to regard as the enemy . ..

  But somehow under -the steady, cold
scrutiny of the eternal stars, they must
have looked a little ridiculous . . . perhaps
just a tiny bit tragic, too.

HARSH WAS THE MOON. There
was black and there was white. Great
jagged cliffs and razor-backed mountains
slashed the pocked surface of the crater

floor, humping themselves at the huge
unwinking stars. The sun was a stark disc
of fire, incredibly white, hung in the black
sky. The shadows were bottomless pools.
Within them there was nothing. In the
sunlight, the pumice soil glared white.

  The Russian rocket had crashed on
landing. Randick could see the tiny,
buckled shape of it high on the mountain.
No doubt the pilot was dead, but he had to
be sure. The risks were too great for any
unsupported assumptions. He had to go
up there and see for himself.

  Ponderous in his pressure suit, Randick
emerged from the open lock of the Anglo-
American rocket. He slogged across the
pumice of the crater floor toward the spot
where the mountain’s sheer talus erupted
skyward. If there were no trouble from
the Russki, he would return to his own
ship and begin setting up the first cell of
what would soon be the Anglo-American
Moon Base. As soon as he signalled a safe
landing and no opposition from the Rus-
sian, other rockets would come to add their
cells, and presently there would be an
atomic rocket pointed dead at the heart of
every Russian population center. A rocket
each for Moscow, Leningrad, Kiev, Vlad-
ivostok . . .

  Randick frowned. It would be a lot
simpler if the crash had finished the Rus-
sian pilot. He knew the Russians had ex-
actly the same plan for the Moon. Only
the rockets would be aimed at Washington,
London, Paris, San Francisco, The slight

by ALFRED COPPEL

56
TASK TO LUNA

57

Their sides hurt with laughter
tears rolled down their faces . .

     Two rocketships bit into lunar dust. Two men—a Yan-
     kee, a Russian — dueled in nightmare shadow and
     glare, each eager to destroy the Enemy. What cosmic
     joke made them drop their weapons and die laughing?,

                                         •#
58

PLANET

STORIES

weight of the one-man bazooka on Ran-
dick’s back seemed suddenly very comfort-
ing.

  Randick knew himself to be on the very
edge of known territory. His map showed
him that he was in the highest part of the
Doerfel Mountains. Behind him lay the
two great bowls of Bailly and Schickard,
and far to the north he could see, as he
climbed higher, the smooth surface of the
Mare Humorum. He looked up to the
spinelike ridge beyond afld slightly above
the wreck of the Russian ship. There was
a deep pass that slashed like a wound
into the backbone of the range. He felt a
slight thrill. Beyond that cleft lay . . .
mystery. The other side of the Moon.

  The sun’s rays beat down brutally. Even
through the heavily insulated suit Ran-
dick could feel their searing touch. All
around him stretched a jumbled nightmare
of black and white. He was suddenly very
glad that he could not see the Earth in the
sky. The homesickness would be unbear-
able.

  Randick found himself frowning. He
had no time for such thoughts. He was a
soldier. He reminded himself that up
there in the tangled wreckage of the
Russian spaceship there might be another
soldier, ready to kill him. Two human
beings on the Moon. Each eager to kill.
Randick shook his head angrily. He had no
right to let his mind dwell on such
things . . .

  He was within a hundred yards of the
wreck when a streak of fire and a sound-
less blast drove him into the shadows.
Pumice showered him from the starshaped
depression where the explosive missile had
struck. Randick cursed heartily. The Rus-
ski was very much alive, and there wasn’t
a thing wrong with his eyesight. The shot
had been uncomfortably close.

  Unslinging his bazooka, Randick began
to work his way around behind the Rus-
sian rocket. A slight movement among the
wreckage caught his trained eye and he
launched a projectile at it. It flared wick-
edly, tearing fragments of metal loose and
flinging them fantastic distances down the
sheer slope of the ridge. There was no
return fire.

  Randick broke out of the shadow and

ran for the cover of a large pumicestone
boulder farther up the draw. A sun-
bright flash of fire spattered the loose soil
a dozen feet from him. He slid for the
darkness on his belly. That one had been
a near thing!

  Behind the boulder lay a trench-like
depression that sloped away up the draw
toward the pass. Randick dropped into it
and began to crawl laboriously upward.
If he could flank the Russki he could finish
this with one good shot. Another explosion
rocked the boulder he had just left. Ran-
dick didn’t even look back.

  He felt his breath rasping in his throat
and his body felt hot and sticky inside the
bulky pressure suit. Glancing down and
to his right, he could see the proudly erect
shape of his own rocket far below on the
floor of the crater.

  It took him almost thirty minutes to
reach the edge of the shadow that spilled
from the side of the mountain pass. To
his left, not ten feet away, was the sudden
white glare of the pumice floor. He was
well above and almost behind the wreck
of the Russian’s ship. His flanks were
heaving with the exertion of the climb as
he searched the buckled mass of the crash
for his opponent.

  There seemed to be a dark shape wedged
in between two twisted bulkheads. It
looked like a man. With pounding heart,
Randick murmured a prayer and lifted his
bazooka, aimed, and pressed the firing
stud. The shadow vanished in silent white
fire.

  The return blast almost knocked him
down. For a moment Randick was stunned,
wondering foggily where the shot had
come from. Then his brain cleared and he
realized that the Russki too had climbed
to the pass, leaving Randick to fire at shad-
ows.

  Randick cursed himself for his danger-
ous stupidity. The other must be among
those shadowy rocks directly across the
bright floor of the pass. He raised his
bazooka carefully, searching the Stygian
blackness for some sign of movement. His
finger curled around the firing stud . . .

UT OF THE CORNER of his eye
he saw the flare. The Russian rocket
TASK TO LVtfA

erupted in a gout of bluish flame and the
whole mountain seemed to rock. Randick
stared stupidly at the glowing crater where
the ship had been. For just an instant he
thought that perhaps a meteorite had
struck it, but the explosion had been un-
questionably . . . atomic.

  The Russian must have been stunned,
too. For he moved out into the light,
empty-handed, his helmet turned wood-
enly toward the rapidly cooling lake of
magma where his space ship had been.

  They both saw the bright arc of fire
that raced up from beyond the ridge and
.curved down gracefully toward the floor
of the crater far below. Openmouthed,
Randick watched his ship vanish into flame
and he felt the vague tremor of the
ground under him as the shock rumbled
across the face of the Moon.

  The Russian rocket was gone. The
Anglo-American rocket was gone. Moon-
Base was gone before it had ever been.

  The weapon fell from Randick’s hand,
and he stepped unsteadily into the light
toward the Russian. Suddenly human com-

59

panionship was very,, very important.
Panicky terror was plucking at his throat.

  The two men stumbled toward each
other across the pass cut deep into the
jagged back of the Doerfel mountains. As
one they turned and looked out across the
vast expanse of the Moon’s hidden face.

  They were soldiers. They knew an inva-
sion base when they saw one. As far as the
eye could see, fines of sleek mammoth
spaceships of unknown design stretched
away into the distance. The face of the
vast unnamed mare was covered with
them.

  Suddenly Randick felt himself begin-
ning to giggle. He tried to stop, but the
laughter welled up inside of him, echoing
wildly within his confining helmet. He
could see that the Russian was laughing
too, white teeth gleaming behind the plexi-
glass faceplate. They laughed until they
gasped. Their sides hurt with laughter,
tears rolled down their faces. They were
arm in arm and still laughing when the
third rocket arced down on them from out
of the black and star-flecked sky.

by WILLIAM
  OBERFIELD

mi

3B

\6SVftW
62

PLANET

STORIES

CAPTAIN JAMES McBRIDE
didn’t know exactly what to make
of it at first. The first Earthmen
ever to set foot on Venus, he and his
crew had come armed to the teeth, fully
prepared to fight wild elephants, giant
tigers, prehistoric monsters or anything an
imaginative mind might dream up.

  When they found evidence of absolutely
no danger at all they stood around with
their heavy weapons and felt mighty
foolish. The only signs of animal life
were the small creatures that scampered
right up to the men and chattered at them,
unafraid, and birds more evident by sound
than by sight. There were no trails made
by giant animals, no heavy, frightening
sounds in the jungle about them. Only a
misty, drowsing calm.

  The mist was always there, they were
to find out later, steaming up from the
wet ground by day and condensing in a
blanket of life-giving water by night.
Otherwise, Venus resembled mildly tropi-
cal Earth without storm and tempest. The
lack of these made one think of thunder
and lightning as some unseen, unknown
entity bound to Earth alone in chains of
gravity.

  The only really unpleasant note was
the condition of the ship in which they
had come. The underside was a mass of
twisted steel and buckled plates, where it
had come down considerably harder than
it had ever been intended to come down.
It was something that could never take to
space again, even if the “H” tanks hadn’t
been torn loose to gush out their con-
tents.

  Communication with Earth was out. A
transmitter small enough to fit the ship
and yet powerful enough to breach mil-
lions of miles of space, as well as penetrate
two atmospheres, just wasn’t made. The
expedition was on its own.

  The orders were conditional. If possible,
they were to set up an outpost on Venus,
as others had done several years before
on Mars. Consisting mainly of scientists,
the crew was to find out all it could about
the new world. In one year the second
ship would follow, bringing engineers and
laborers. The scientists were to have, by
that time, the information required to

form the first colony quickly, wisely, and
safely.

  If confronted with insurmountable ob-
stacles, they were to return at once to
Earth with whatever information they
might have as to the nature of the obsta-
cles.

  McBride grinned in spite of his regret
over the loss of his ship and looked at the
wreckage. That sort of made the orders
unconditional.

  Things could have been worse, he
thought. Not one of the ten men in the
expedition had been lost or even badly
injured. And, Venus being the land of
plenty that it had turned out to be, it was
beginning to look as if the stay here would
be a pleasant one.

  He was just starting to get some of
his old spunk back when Jeff Flaunders
came up to him with a worried frown on
his face.

  Because of the limited space aboard the
ship, Flaunders was a combination of sev-
eral men, as were most of the others.
Specially trained for the expedition, he
handled anything that went under the
heading of botany, biology or zoology.

  Now he was looking worried.

  “You look a lot like bad news,” Mc-
Bride said as Flaunders drew near.'
“Might have known there’d be a catch
to this world.”

  “More than a catch,” Flaunders said.
“I hope none of the men has eaten any-
thing native to Venus.”

  McBride shook his head. “They haven’t
if they’ve followed orders. I told them
not to touch anything until you had made
a report.” He looked at the other ques-
tioningly. “Poison?”

  “We brought twelve white rats and
two monkeys along for experimental pur-
poses,” Flaunders said. “Now we have
only six rats. Each of the others we fed
a different kind of native fruit or meat.
That was about five hours ago. In the
past hour they’ve gone into convulsions
one after another. Seemed to go blind, too.
Died within minutes.”

  “You tried it on just the six rats and
not the monkeys?” McBride asked, and
got a nod from Flaunders. “Then that’s
just six things tested. Maybe something

 r
POISON PLANET

63

edible will turn up yet.”

  “Small chance.” Flaunders was positive.
“Thompson used a little of his chemistry
and found a substance he couldn’t identify,
not only in the stuff we fed the rats but
in twenty-some other plants. He even
found it in the flesh of the animals we
caught. That makes it pretty certain that
it will be found in everything. When the
rats died we pegged that substance as the
poison.

  “What to do about it is another ques-
tion. Since it’s entirely new to us it would
probably take years to find a way to neu-
tralize it, and it plays such an integral
part in the structure of everything- on
Venus that we’d have one sweet time try-
ing to completely draw it out. Anyway, a
lot of needed lab equipment was smashed
in the wreck. That makes it even more of
a problem.”

  McBride listened, frowned and rubbed
his cheek. “In other words, we might as
well give up any idea of living off the fat
of the land.”

  “That’s about the size of it,” Flaunders
agreed. “Our best bet, the way things
stand now, would be to try and have a
garden going before our supply of food
runs out.”

  “Check,” said McBride. “But the seed
was brought along just in case the soil
and climate should prove suitable for
planting. What do you make of that?”
“Climate ought to be just about perfect,”
Flaunders grunted. “As to the soil,
Thompson and I will check on that right
away.”

IN ANOTHER DAY a few things had
been learned. There was now no doubt
about the poisonous nature of Venus. The
infuriating thing about it was that the
creatures native to Venus thrived about
them on food that would put out the lights
for good for any Earth-born animal.

  But that was not quite so hard to take
when they found that the soil was suitable
for Earth crops. That left nothing to get
excited about.

 So they thought, until Venus turned
stubborn.

 No one knew exactly how stubborn
Venus could get until the garden location

was being cleared of weeds. They had
gone over about fifty feet of the clearing,
working earnestly and not bothering to
look back, when one of the men—a lanky
individual called Henry Higgins—turned
to look back, put one grimy fist on his
hip, hunched his shoulders, stuck out his
chin and hollered, “Damn!”

  The others turned and looked surprised.
Not that Higgins’ well-known exaggera-
tive ways any longer surprised them, but
what Higgins was looking at might sur-
prise anyone, including the botanist in
Flaunders.

  The eight-or-ten feet of ground directly
behind the men was clear of weeds. But
at the far edge of this cleared space little
green shoots were thrusting inquisitive
noses above the ground. Beyond these were
one-inch plants, then two-inch, and four
and six and eight, on up. They formed a
slope up to the edge of the clearing.

  “Damn!” Higgins said again, and tossed
away his spade.

  Someone laughed uncertainly. The
others scratched their heads, cast blank
stares at one another and forgot how to
keep their mouths closed.

  “Just what in blazes do you make of
that?” McBride asked of Flaunders.

  Flaunders could be quite an optimist
when he wanted to; he was one of those
rare persons who seem to grow stronger
with each failure. At least on the surface.

  “Only what I see,” he replied, not will-
ing to show consternation. “Amazingly
rapid growth, but they’re still only weeds.
It’s just going to take a little applied
science.”

  “Maybe.” McBride didn’t like it. “But
I’ve done a little farming in my time;
know what it is to worry a chunk
of farmland out of the raw. And the
nature of Earth is dead compared to this.”
“Bunk!” Flaunders scoffed. “Work, cer-
tainly. But we’ll be eating fresh corn in
two months!”

  McBride looked around, seeing little you
wouldn’t see on Earth. What’s wrong with
me? he thought. It’s my place to keep
the spirits of the men up, not to dampen
them. Flaunders is right, of course. This stuff
is still only vegetation, even if it is styled
after Jack’s beanstalk. Jack chopped down
64

PLANET STORIES

the beanstalk and killed the giant. Our
giant is the threat of starvation, but kill-
ing it is still a matter of stalk-chopping.
If Jack could do it so can we.

IT STARTED OUT like that. Two
weeks of hacking and digging, of spe-
cially prepared weed-killer and the aid of
every trick known to science, and there
was a strip of dark, rich ground all ready
for planting. It looked like things were
really beginning to roll. They did roll.
Right up against a blank wall.

  A few days after the planting, Flaunders
was looking at a handful of black spider-
things and swearing under his breath. The
shriveled spider-things were seeds brought
from Earth. They were shot through with
hairlike roots, and that was the strange
thing. It was strange because the roots
were not their own.

  It took several more days for Flaunders
to understand. When he did he took on
an attitude faintly remindful of a cornered
rat. In a spot, but frustrated to fighting
anger. The ship had contained enough
food for only about two months to begin
with, and more than two weeks had now
come out of that. Starvation was becom-
ing a very real possibility in his mind.

  “We’re up against something big,” he
said, peeved with himself for having to
admit it. “We’re fighting millions of years
of evolution.”

  McBride sensed something disturbing ini
the other’s voice. Maybe a trace of fear.
“What do you mean?” he said.

  Flaunders enlarged. “A very long time
ago a war started here on Venus. It was
a war among plants. You find the same
thing on Earth, too, but not on this scale.
There must have been certain ‘aggressive’
plants which threatened to force out all
others. The others, in order to survive,
had to evolve into something even more
deadly to other plants. Once started, it
had to keep going. Now, after millions
of years, they’ve evolved into things cap-
able. of vicious little tricks you’d never
be able to count.

  “What happened to our seeds is one
of them. Some of the roots extend into
microscopic threads hardly more than
streaks of single molecules. You can’t dig

them out and they escape all the ordinary
weed-fighting methods. One of their cute
little tricks is to attach themselves to other
plants and seeds and absorb them,
strangely enough not harming their own
species. Add to that the rapid growth,
almost comparable to the motion of the
minute hand of a clock, and planting any-
thing from Earth among them is some-
thing like throwing a housecat into a den
of wild lions.”

  “A very pretty picture,” McBride
groaned. “We can’t go back to Earth for
a year, everything on Venus is poison and
we have less than two months’ supply of
food. Now you as much as admit that
there will be no garden. I’m suddenly get-
ting a headache.”

  “I didn’t say we had failed,” Flaunders
said sharply. “I’m never going to. By
thunder, we’ll beat this hellhole if it takes
every minute of our time!”

  That was a sane enough statement.
They had the seeds and they had the soil.
With good health and the will to work,
what was to stop them?

  Only weeds.

<tONLY WEEDS>” McBride said ten
weeks later. “They couldn’t be re-
sponsible for this! Ten weeks of breaking
our backs and losing our minds, and you
can’t even tell that we’ve done anything.
It must be a nightmare!”

  Flaunders was a man all washed out,
a man badly stung. How hard for an
optimist to face defeat!

  “Ten years,” he said reflectively. “That’s
what it seems like. Thirteen since we
crashed. Lucky number.”

  “A week since we’ve had anything to
eat,” said McBride. “Or has it been two?
Anyway, it’s too late to think about a
garden. And if you and Thompson .can’t
find a way to make this stuff fit to eat—”
There was no need to complete that sen-
tence.

  Flaunders said nothing, seemingly ab-
sorbed in thought.

  “Why don’t you stop trying?” McBride
said suddenly.

  Flaunders looked up as if he thought
he hadn’t heard right. “Why in the world
should I do that?”
POISON

PLANET

65

  “Because as long as you try the rest
of us have hope.” McBride’s sunken
cheeks burned red. He was somehow
ashamed of his thoughts, but still de-
termined to voice them. “Without that
hope we wouldn’t go on waiting and starv-
ing. There wouldn’t be anything to wait
for. Maybe there isn’t anyway. Do you
actually think there is any hope?”

  Flaunders stared for a moment, consid-
ering the suicide tendency behind Mc-
Bride’s words. He turned away, hardly
disturbed by the morbid idea. “I don’t
really know,” he replied at last. “I don’t
even think any more. I just keep going like
an automaton, not hoping and not giving
up. That’s my responsibility. Mine and
Thompson’s. Maybe we will find a way
and maybe not. The only thing to do is
to keep dogging it till we drop.”

  “No need to blame yourself for that,”
McBride said. “God knows you tried.
With all the generators of this and that,
the sprayers and fires and wires strung
all over, we looked like we were fighting
a real war instead of one against plants.”
Flaunders snorted. “A hell of a lot of
good it did. We destroyed the weeds and
the properties of the soil with them. By
the time we reactivated the soil the weed
seeds had come on the wind. Same thing
all over again. How much good did the
hothouse do us, even with all the filters?
Nearly microscopic seed came in on our
clothing, in our hair. I’d rather fight ele-
phants or pre-historic monsters. At least
they’re big enough to see and slow enough
to cope with.”

  These were two skeletons, speaking of
starvation under a tree loaded down with
plump, ripe fruit, watching small animals
scamper. The easy way out was all around
them. They thought about it.

  All together there had been ten men.
Now ten skeletons. Now ten scarecrows
with faces unshaven and dirty, with cloth-
ing hanging in tattered strips and extra
holes punched in belts. They were slowly
starving to death in the Garden of Para-
dise, in the land of plenty. And nothing,
you would think, could be worse than that.

  But there was something worse. It came
shortly. The real Hell started with a gun.

5—Planet—J anuary

THE GAUNT MEN were sitting
around in a circle, pow-wow fashion,
pretending to work out an answer and all
feeling that there wasn’t any, when Mc-
Bride noticed Heinie, the cook, handling
his automatic. It wasn’t the mere fact
that he was handling the weapon that de-
served notice. It was the way he was
handling it.

  Heinie sat with a faraway look in his
eye that was now glistening and now lack-
luster, fondling the gun in a way that
suggested something. Black words not
spoken, but safety off, a damp brow and
moody reflections.

  “Heinie,” said McBride. “Anything
wrong ?”

  Heinie’s eyes came back from that far
place with a start. He laughed bitterly.
"Anything wrong! Two weeks without a
damned thing to eat, and .the man wants
to know if anything’s wrong!”

  No respect for rank now. No more tin-
soldier discipline. What penalty can you
impose upon a man mere days from
death ?

 “You’d better put away the gun,
Heinie.”

  Heinie stared back at McBride with a
sort of thoughtful defiance. He didn’t put
away the gun.

  “Then hand it over,” McBride said’, and
started getting up.

• “Stay where you are! All of you!”

  Heinie’s sunken eyes were suddenly
glaring at the others over the muzzle of
his gun. The others settled back, a little
afraid but not caring much.

  “As cook,” Heinie was saying, “it’s my
place to prepare meals. I haven’t been
doing my job. Now I’m going to.”

  “Don’t let it get you down, man,” Mc-
Bride cautioned. “It’s not your fault if
we haven’t—

  “Listen to me!” Heinie cut in sharply.
“I happened to be in the Navy when I
was only a kid, and three other guys and
myself were once in a fix a lot like this.
Only we were adrift on the open sea in
a life-raft. Three of us kept from starving
to death, but we had to draw straws to
do it. The one who got the short one—
well, I’ve been having nightmares about
it ever since. God! We didn’t even have
66

PLANET STORIES

a fire—”

  His voice trailed off, his eyes drawing
inward with some shocking memory. Mc-
Bride edged toward him.

  “Hold it!” Heinie ordered, coming out
of the daze.

  McBride stopped, half inclined not to.
He wavered, drew back, and decided to
try and argue it out.

  “You’re—sick,” he said. “Say you do
kill one of us; do you think you could
go through that ‘lif e-raft thing’ again?
Do you actually think any of us, starving
or not, could bring ourselves to do what
you suggest?”

  “I’m not going to go through it,” said
Heinie. “But if I could be around to col-
lect, I’d lay you ten to one that you
will.”

  McBride shook his head negatively.
“Stop being foolish. You need a rest.”

  Heinie did it then. He did it quickly,
before anyone had a chance to stop him.
He jerked the muzzle of the automatic
up to his own temple.

  “So long, suckers!” he shouted, and
pulled the trigger.

THE LOUD REPORT made the si-
lence that followed seem even more
silent. The men who had come to their
feet stood like statues of a mad sculptor,
watching the black hole turn red and gush.
Then it came, dawning in their eyes. The
hungry, frightened, hopeful fascination,
the impact of conflicting thoughts. It grew
stronger and burned in the sunken eyes
of these dead men who wanted to live.
There was no mistaking the intent, no
mistaking the desire.

  McBride saw it and understood. “Good
Lord, no!” he said. He tried to keep say-
ing it, thinking it.

  But he was as near death as the others.
The mutual thought bloomed in his mind
like some evil flower. It made him tremble.
Sweat suddenly stung his eyes, ran into
his mouth.	ion

  Food! Slow miserable dedth on one side
and food on the other! A 'chance to live
a little longer. Maybe Flaunders would
find something in another week, and one
meal might make the difference between
seeing that and not seeing it. One wanted

to live! You couldn’t bring Heinie back
anyway, so why not live? Heinie had
wanted it that way. A human is an animal
as much as a pig or a cow. A chance
to live, to hope again!

  Some part of his mind screamed at
him. “Cannibal!”

  “The only chance!” cried another part.

  “Vulture!” said the soul-part with un-
nerving keening. “Will you have loin? Or
perhaps the rump?”

  His flesh prickled, the sweat flowed in
streams. Unheard murmurings distorted
his mind.

  “Only this once, for a little more time!
— Maggot! Dungworm! — Only another
week and maybe the Venus II, months
ahead of time—Fool! Not a chance! Die
now, quickly!—No, no, no! Still some
hope! Never give up. Never say die! Oh,
God, Heinie! Why did you suggest it?”

  Gibbering conflict, a trend to insanity.
The voices inside beat his brain against
his temple and raged. The civilized man
went to his knees and drew back. The
beast man thumped his chest and
screamed.

  “Alright!” McBride shouted, wonder-
ing why his voice sounded so angry, why
his face felt distorted. He drew his feel-
ings within himself. His voice grew flat
and quiet with bitter irony.

  “Alright,” he said. “Go ahead. Undress
the main course.”

WHEN THE MEAL ENDED the
Hell came. Full stomachs restore
sanity. The beast man lay down, well fed
and sleeping, to leave the civilized man
awake with his thoughts. A new kind of
Hell, this one that started with a gun.
You could see the fires of it burning the
face of every man.

  Like the extra-animated Henry Hig-
gins. He sat with unnaturally red cheeks
puffed out beneath his beard, eyes glassy
wet, looking at McBride as if harboring
some question too awful to ask. There was
something of the frightened, wild animal
about him as his eyes left McBride and
jerked around from one face to another.
Then he was up and awkwardly running
in among the trees.

  The men got up from the rough table
    4^
POISON PLANET

67

that had been set up outside the ship. They
got up and went away, slinking, like a
sex maniac leaving the scene of his crime
when his reason returns and he knows
his insanity. They went away by them-
selves—those not too sick to walk—and
hid from one another.

 But a man can’t hide from himself.
That was the Hell. This was not a life-
raft on the open sea, every man told him-
self. This was a green, smiling world with
the smell of flowers on the air, with plenty
of glistening, tempting fruit growing wild
and enough game to make an Indian
hunter call it the Happy Hunting Ground.
Like a camping trip back on Earth. Like
a picnic where you get drunk and start
eating and then sober up with the smell
of blood in your nostrils to find yourself
chewing the hair off the detached leg or
arm of your best friend.

  What did every man tell himself? That
it wouldn’t happen again, ever, this terrible
thing. When they found the strength and
courage to go back and clean up the re-
mains of a meal, knowing it to be the
remains of a meal, when they had put
what was left of Heinie in a hole and
covered it with dirt and set up a stone
marker, they promised one another it
would never ever happen again.

  The next day they put it on paper, in
black and white. An agreement. On the
third day they thought about it, and on
the fourth day they began wondering why
they had done it. And on the fifth day—
On the fifth day they found Thompson,
the chemist, hanging from a tree a short
distance from the ship. Quite dead, of
course, and no one had to ask why he
had done it.

 Hunger madness walked among the
men. They took Thompson dowti from
the tree. Hunger madness whispered in
their ears. They listened.

 McBride took out the agreement and
looked at it, having heard the tempter’s
whisper. He didn’t think much. It hurt
him to think. But something that had
been done once—

  He looked at the men and saw an in-
escapable vise tightening. He looked at him-
self and saw the same. At his feet fell
the small fragments of the agreement.

•

THE CREEPING HELL closed in.
The real Hell that had started with
a gun. Could these any longer think of
themselves as men? After the second time
the change starts. It gets a little easier.
All you have to do is keep from looking
at anyone. It’s nice to live. With life
there’s hope. Don’t get cheated.

  What happened one day surprised no
one. Eight of the ten remained, two gone.
Thompson had been gone for days. The
hunger returned. The pendulum swung
back. The beast man shoved out any re-
maining noble thought and screamed for
food. The addict returns to his drug, the
pervert to his revolting deed . . . As mad
as these, the starving.

  Nor was McBride surprised when he
found himself holding a little stick. He
wasn’t greatly disturbed when it turned
out to be the short one. Sympathy from
the others? Not a bit. Only a sort of
brooding resignation. And hunger. Always
hunger.

  “Flaunders,” McBride said. “Where’s
Flaunders ?”

  “Don’t worry,” the one who had passed
the straws said. “He took his chance with
us. Been working like a madman since
Thompson went. He wouldn’t stop, so I
took the straws in to him.”

  “I don’t care about that,” McBride in-
formed. “But I’ve known him since we
were kids. Just felt that I’d like to—well
—maybe it’s better this way.” He started
slowly away.

  “Where you going?” someone said sus-
piciously.

  McBride looked at the man with a feel-
ing part disgust, part pity and a little of
something unexplainable. He almost
laughed.

  “I’m not depriving you of your next
meal,” he said. “I just feel like being alone
for this.”

  He walked slowly on, taking his thoughts
with him. What was the purpose in all
this? All a monotonous cycle, constantly
repeated. From the torture of starvation
to the torture of the shame and bitter
self-accusation that makes one despise
himself, back to the starvation. Men slowly
becoming something lower than pigs, and
knowing it all too well. A satisfying of
68

PLANET

STORIES

the body at the expense of decency, even
of sanity. A Hell within souls.

  And all for what purpose? To live?
For how long, and in what hideous way?
There would be only one lonely and sick
man left long before help could come.
What would that last man do? Go com-
pletely mad and try to devour himself?
Like the two snakes who met one sunny
afternoon and decided to swallow one an-
other. Each took hold of the tail of the
other and both swallowed and swallowed
until nothing at all remained. There was
no purpose. No purpose or reason at all.

A SHORT DISTANCE back among
the trees McBride halted and looked
back. There were bushes between the men
and himself. This was it. He drew his
automatic.

  Strange, he thought. I don’t feel at all
like I should about this. It’s just like
routine procedure, something you do every
day. I actually think I’m glad I came out
with the short straw.

  He even thought coolly about the best
way to do it. The heart? Not sure enough.
The brain, like Heinie? A little better, but
what if there should be a nervous twitch
at the wrong time and a deflection caused
by the bone of the skull?

  A babble of voices came to him as if
from a great distance, through his
thoughts. Excited voices. But he was in
a world of his own, now. All the others
were behind him, cut off.

  Safety off, he put the muzzle of the
automatic into his mouth and aimed it
sharply upward. The most efficient way,
probably. His finger tightened.

  He heard the deafening report and felt
the recoil jerk his arm down. Somewhere
he had heard that a man killed instantly
by a gun never lives to hear the report.
It puzzled him. Why didn’t he fall? Why
could he still see the green tangle of
Venus and hear sounds?

  There was a ringing in his ears and
a sickening shimmer before his eyes. His
shocked mind refused to come back to
things for a moment. Who were these
laughing, crying, shouting skeletons whirl-
ing about him with their dirty beards and
red-rimmed eyes?

  “It’s Flaunders,” someone shouted.
“He’s done it!”

  “Done it,” McBride repeated dumbly.
“Done what?”

  Then Flaunders was shaking him by the
shoulders and grinning. “Come out of it,
man! You’re safe; we all are, now I
There’s no need for any more of this—
gluttony! Don’t you understand? I’ve won!
I know how to treat the fruit, even the
edible animals of this world, so we can
eat them and they won’t hurt us a bit!”
McBride tried to call order to mind,
starting from the beginning. He looked
dazedly at the gun in his hand.

  Flaunders laughed. “Don’t look so sur-
prised to be alive. One of the men hit
your arm just in time. You missed death
by an inch.”

  It was all too much at one time, a skirl-
ing confusion.

  “That what you said about beating the
poison,” McBride said. “Are you sure?
It’s not just something on paper, some-
thing not proven?”

  “Lord, no,” Flaunders said, fighting
down an urge to shout. “I had it worked
out yesterday, but it still had to be tested
and the white rats and two monkeys we
brought along for experimental purposes
were gone. So I went out last night and
gathered some fruit and treated it and
tried it on myself. Just look at me and
you have your answer. I feel fine.”

  Still dazed, still not quite understanding
how everything had happened, McBride
started back toward the ship with the
others. But one thing he knew. Venus had
been beaten!

THE MEAL was all day in the pre-
paring. The eating was a gala event,
a banquet, a roaring party. It lasted two
hours.

  There wasn’t any wolfing down. When
you have been starving for weeks you
just don’t start off that way. You take
a small bite and wait until you are sure
it is safely down. Then you take another
small bite and wait again. If you keep
doing that you have a chance of holding
what you eat.

  They didn’t mind. This food was not
the kind you had to force yourself to
POISON

PLANET

69

chew on, like—some other things.

  There were little animals looking some-
thing like rabbits, but tasting more like
chicken, fried golden brown. There were
oranges that tasted like nothing of Earth
and apples that reminded you of paw-
paws in fall. Seven different kinds of
meat there were, and it seemed like a
hundred different kinds of fruits and nuts
and herbs. There was even a juice that
proved mildly intoxicating. All a little dif-
ferent, but all delightfully, temptingly
good!

  “We’ll be eating like this every day!”
Flaunders said. “Maybe we can even set
up a bar, with fruit-juice drinks and wine
and even invent a new kind of beer.
Big, foamy schooners of beer on Venus!
Won’t the work crew be surprised when
they get here!”

  They let it run away with them. It
went to their heads. The warmth of in-
toxication, the feel of stomachs filling out.
All the things long missing now returning
in full force, all at one time. Almost it
was too much. Almost death from ex-
cessive joy.

  They went on and on like that, the most
happy men ever. They wanted it to go
on for ever, but the feast had started
late and it ended late. After the two
hours they felt like sleeping. In fact, they
felt a more relentless urge to sleep than
they ever had before.

  The result of a full stomach, they sup-
posed, or the aftermath of months of hard-
ship let in by the sudden relaxation. It
certainly wasn’t a matter of choice. Who
wanted to sleep at a time like this, a
time for staying up all night and cele-
brating? But the sandman said no, and
right now he had the advantage.

  One by one they yawned, stretched and
drifted off to bed like carefree children,
and to hell with cleaning up. That could
wait until tomorrow. Tomorrow! It was
wonderful to have one to think about.
Tomorrow was a golden day.

  The last to turn in was Captain Mc-
Bride, just as sleepy but not so carefree.
He alone, perhaps, was not completely sat-
isfied. Underneath the powerful urge to
sleep was a question, and that question
needed answering. Or did it? In one way

                      •

'l/aadaa!

  Strange new adventures in the
  teeming land of tomtom terror
  and savage intrigue await you in
  every exciting issue of JUNGLE
  STORIES. Your spine will tingle
  as you read these stirring tales of
  fast action set amid the brooding
  kraals and danger-ridden brush of
  darkest Africa! You will meet
  Ki-Gor, great White Lord of the
  Jungle, and his lovely blonde
  mate, Helene — and share with
  them the dangers and thrills of
  stalking beasts of prey, of con-
  quering the weird powers of un-
  earthly witch doctors, of living
  wildly in this strange and primi-
  tive veldt!

On Sale at
Yoqr Newsstand

JUNGLE STORIES
STORIES

70	PLANET

it didn’t really matter. He went in and
f ound his bed in the darkness and decided
to forget the question.

Fifteen minutes later Mc-
Bride lay awake. The great urge to
sleep was still there, but sleep wouldn’t
come. No, that was not it exactly. He
wouldn’t let it come. He was fighting it.
The question wouldn’t go away, and it
really did need answering after all.

  Moving around quietly in the darkness
he made sure that the men were sleeping.
Then he returned to the bed next to his,
the one in which Flaunders slept.
“Flaunders,” he said softly.

  The question grew in his mind. “Flaun-
ders,” he called more urgently. He jostled
the quiet form.

  “What’s wrong?” said Flaunders, half
asleep.

  “Nothing exactly. I want to talk a bit.”
  “Better sleep. The time is—”

  “Go on,” McBride said intently.
Flaunders fought himself awake. “Noth-
ing. Half asleep: Didn’t know what I was
saying. What do you want?”

  McBride lay down on his own bed,
hardly able to keep his eyes open. “Maybe
I want to talk about the Garden of Eden,
about the pair who were told that a
certain fruit was death to them, and about
a serpent who told them it wasn’t.”
Flaunders said nothing.

  “Must have been quite a persuader, that
serpent,” McBride went on in dream talk.
“Up until this morning I guess I might
have welcomed such a one, and I don’t
think I was alone in feeling that way.
Men were never intended to live the way
we were living. We really didn’t want to
live if we had to live that way. We only
convinced ourselves that we did. We were
caught in a hellish vise and each of us
knew it, underneath. So a talking serpent
who could convince us that the fruit of

V if

Venus was not poison might not have
been such a bad idea.”

  “Why talk about that?” said Flaunders,
like a man talking in his sleep. “It’s over.
We’ve beaten Venus.”

  McBride tried to open his eyes. It was
too much trouble. His own words seemed
to him like someone else talking, far
away and unreal. There was a feeling like
being detached from one’s body.

  “Beaten Venus, yes,” he said. “But I’m
wondering how. I keep thinking how this
kind of poison acts. Probably affect us
as it did the rats and monkeys. Takes
four or five hours to act, and it hasn’t
been three since we started eating. Was
it only chance that your treatment of the
food took all day and had to be extended
up to the last moment before serving? It
wasn’t even sampled before three hours
ago. And so I wonder.”

  Flaunder’s voice seemed to come out
of a deep well. “Let’s get some sleep.”
McBride’s voice almost matched it. “Not
yet. I haven’t mentioned about the medi-
cal supplies we brought along. Even drugs.
It would have been simple for the welcome
serpent to treat the food with something
to deaden pain, to make us sleep through
it.”

  His voice trailed off in sleep, his
thoughts drifting away with the night.
Still the question wouldn’t go away. It
forced him partly awake. He didn’t even
realize how little of a question it was
now. His body was a chunk of lead, not
able to move. To speak required almost
more effort than he could muster.

  “Flaunders. You didn’t. It’s just fatigue,
letdown after strain. I know you won’t
He if I ask you. All I want is to hear
you say you didn’t.”

  Flaunders wouldn’t have tried to move
if he could. He lay on his back with his
hands folded on his chest. Appropriate.
“Goodnight,” he said.

f
Guest Expert

by

             Earth had a problem .
             tor had a very deadly

««T"M ONLY HERE TO HELP
you,” said the man from Mars.

  A “You’ve proved that,” the Sec-
retary admitted. “In the six weeks that
you’ve been here, you’ve wiped out rabies,
measles, and the common cold: but sir,
this latest proposal of yours is blasphe-
mous !”

  The man from Mars waved an append-
age in the direction of the Secretary’s
desk, atop which a newspaper was lyinjj

Allen K. Lang

 . . and the Martian visi-
 means of solving it . . .

 open. “After reading what that paper has
 to say can you still doubt that what I pro-
 pose is necessary?”

   The young man in uniform crossed the
 room and picked up the newspaper. He
 read the headlines aloud, bitterly: “IN-
 DIAN FAMINE ARMY STORMS
 NEW DELHI”; “TASMAN REPUB-
 LIC BIDS FOR PLACE IN SUN”;
 “PLAGUE DECIMATES LOWER
 NILE.”

71
72

PLANET STORIES

  “You could end that plague.” The As-
sistant’s voice was accusing.

  “I could, of course. The battles and the
starvation would still be with you, though.
Why do you persist in treating the symp-
toms instead of the sickness? I am an
objective observer, far enough away from
your problems to see them dearly, some-
thing which no human can ever hope to
do. You Earthlings suffer war and famine
and plague for one reason only: that there
are four and eight-tenths billion of you
living on an Earth which can feed only
about two and a half billion of you well.
Gentlemen, the population of your planet
must be reduced by one-half if your race
is to survive.”

  “Couldn’t we send our surplus popu-
lation to Mars, or to Venus ?” the Assistant
asked.

  The man from Mars winced. “The sands
of Mars can’t support cactuses, much less
fields of wheat and rice and com. Venus
is a solid sea of formaldehyde solution.”
He glanced around to each of the three
men in the room. “To you, my scheme
may seem heartless. But would it be more
cruel to kill millions now than to allow
billions to die in continual war in the next
thousand years? Do you remember your
last such war ? The Ukrainian wheatlands
scorched to desert by the thermonuclears ?
New England swept by epidemics of an-
thrax and tularemia? All China tortured
by starvation and the hundred nagging
sicknesses that follow hunger?”

  “Yes, I remember.” The Secretary
rolled his pen between his fingers, star-
ing at it. “How do you intend to—liqui-
date—the excess two billions?”

  “I can’t explain it to you; you lack the
basic knowledge. It will be quick and
painless though, I promise. Then Earth
will see peace and hope; a new start!”

  “I couldn’t take all the responsibility for
this decision upon myself,” the Secretary
said. He glanced hopefully toward the
Assistant and the young man in uniform.
Their eyes flinched away.

  “You might take a vote,” suggested the

man from Mars. He picked up the Sec-
retary’s scratch pad and ripped off three
sheets of paper. “Just mark Yes or No.

I	will respect your decision: after all, I’m
only here to help you.”

  The Secretary stared at the slip of paper
lying on his desk. He glanced toward the
other two humans for encouragement; but
the Assistant was staring at the wall across
the room, and the young man in uniform
was silently contemplating the carpet at
his feet.

  Convulsively the Secretary scooched the
paper towartl him and scribbled his vote.
Folding the paper, he looked demandingly
toward his two companions. The young
man in uniform looked up, then, turned to
hold his paper against the wall as he wrote
his decision. The Assistant remained
seated, holding the paper on top of a book
while he lettered out his vote.

  The man from Mars collected the three
ballots, unfolded them, and read the three
votes. “It’s two to one,” he announced.
He crushed the papers into small, white
pellets and tossed them out the open win-
dow. “What I have to do will be finished
by noon tomorrow.”

  The man from Mars left the room, clos-
ing the door very softly behind him. The
other three sat silent a moment and then
got up and left without looking one an-
other in the face.

THE NEXT DAY the Secretary and
the Assistant sat in the office, staring
at the clock above the door. At twelve-oh-
seven the door slammed open for the young
man in uniform.

  “Is it done?” the Assistant asked.

  “Done? Of course, it’s done!” The
young man in uniform leaned against the
door and shook with spasmic laughter.
“Now there’s food enough and room
enough for everyone. The man from Mars
promised to solve our population prob-
lem. He did. At twelve noon, Eastern
Daylight Saving Time, every woman and
girl on Earth dropped dead.”
           The Vibro-spacedrive was powerful, efficient, perfect
•—almost. It had one bad habit, and a mystery. The
habit: It often exploded, which everybody knew. The
mystery: McCall was to know that, too .. . one terrible
day in deep space, near the flaming jaws of the Sun . . .

■ safety margin

A SHORT STORY

By

J. T.
M’INTOSH

Last man aboard the ionic

II	was the Engineer. It was not
until a tall, unhurried figure started
the long walk from the control tower that
the curiosity of the crew was satisfied.
They knew him. He was Jeff Bremner,
a slow-speaking oldster who had made
many trips on the Ionic II and as far as
they were concerned could make many
more.

73
74	PLANET

  Engineers were attached to no particular
ship or run; they were government offi-
cials* and not really engineers. Some of
them were cordially and automatically
hated on any ship they boarded. They
were, in theory at any rate, in supreme
command in space, and not every man
could take a job like that and look plea-
sant. Bremner was one who could. He
could talk and he could listen. He could
give advice if asked without sending in
little notes at the end of the journey:
“Second Officer Smith revealed astonish-
ing ignorance of points 10 and 29 of the
Spaceman’s Code,” or “Spaceman J.
Brown appears to have had time since
the completion of his training to develop
a certain laxity in his application of the
section on discipline.” He would help out
in an emergency without reporting coldly
on the inefficiency or insufficiency of the
ship’s complement. And if there was some
fault he had to report, he would satisfy
himself that the -fault, if unchecked, was
liable to recur before he did so.

  So there was friendliness and some re-
lief in the crew’s greetings as Bremner
came aboard. Discipline on the Ionic II
was easy, normally. The ship was one of
the seven run by the small Sapphire Line,
in which it was a tradition that directors
made some allowance for management,
management was not harsh with captains,
captains kept crew on a loose rein, and
crew didn’t bother themselves too much.
Essentia? standards were maintained, but
what was regarded as essential was the
spirit and not the letter of various codes
of laws. Men who had been warned that
for the duration of the run to Venus and
back they might have to obey the letter
and not the spirit for a change relaxed
gratefully from the time that the keenest-
sighted among them recognised the thin
figure of Bremner across the field.

  “Hallo, Jeff,” said Captain Hofmeyer,
stretching out his hand. “I thought you
were on leave.”

  “I was,” Bremner replied, “but it was
put back. Again.” He grinned, not a young
grin, but with the resignation of an old
man who was not as old or tired as he
pretended.

  “Mmm,” said Hofmeyer cautiously.

STORIES

“You wouldn’t like to say whom you re-
placed ?”

  “Watson. And if you don’t take that
expression off your face I’ll describe it
in my report.”

Bremner followed the captain

and his second officer to the control
room, not as if he owned the ship, but
like a passenger there on sufferance. Per-
haps, he reflected, he was too easy-going.
No, certainly he was. But one couldn’t
be vigilant and unapproachable on a hun-
dred trips for the sake of a situation which
might arise on the hundred and first.

  He glanced casually at the papers. If
they did not satisfy him, he had power
even yet, with all the passengers and cargo
aboard, and the official take-off time twenty
seconds off, to stop the trip. But the
papers were all right. They always were
on the Sapphire Line. It was on smaller
lines—and one or two bigger ones—that
real vigilance was needed.

  “Going to ground us?” asked Hof-
meyer.

  “What do you think? Any reason why
I should?”

  Hofmeyer grinned and shook his head,
turning to the bank of controls. He was
a young captain, Hofmeyer. Perhaps too
young. He hadn’t had years as a subor-
dinate to give him stability. There had
never been a blemish on his record, which
was in a way unfortunate for him, for
he had never had a chance to learn by his
own mistakes. He was like a car driver
who had never been in a skid or an acci-
dent, who had never seen death for him-
self or others if he could not pull up in
ten yards, who had never known brakes
or steering or engine to fail. When the
emergency came at last, he might be able
to handle it. Nobody knew. Bremner hoped
he would. Bremner had seen Hofmeyer’s
wife once or twice—a grand girl, the kind
of girl Hofmeyer with his invariable good
luck or good judgment would have mar-
ried.

  McCall, the second officer, was of a
different stamp. He was twenty years older
than Hofmeyer, very little younger than
Bremner himself. To McCall everything
had^gone wrong. Bremner knew the space-
SAFETY MARGIN

75

men he traveled with, and these two as
well as any. Over thirty years since Jim
McCall had been set to pass out of training
school with the best record of'his year.
Then, on his last month before grading,
emergency had forced him into temporary
command of a ship in a dangerous situa-
tion. It was tough luck on any trainee.
He had not done badly, and there was
every attempt to make allowance for him.
But he could not be given top grading,
and that was the pattern for the next
thirty years of his career. He had mar-
ried at the same age as Hofmeyer, but
his wife had left him two years later.

  Strangely enough, Bremner knew of no
closer friendship than between the two
men. Other officers came and went, but
no ship ever reached space with a berth
for one and not for the othec. For ten
years, in various capacities, but always
some two steps apart, they had traveled
space together.

  The .first officer came in with the as-
trogation correlates. Merson was a man
utterly without capacity for anger or ambi-
tion. He had reached his position because
he had done well enough to be put there.
If promotion were not in some measure
automatic, Merson would still be a space-
hand.

 “Mr. Bremner?” said Merson, holding
out the calculations interrogatively. He
hadn’t known Bremner long enough for
familiarity. Bremner nodded the papers
away.

  “They’ve been checked, I suppose?” he
said.

  “Heredity should be all right,” Mer-
son replied. “They come from a long line
of astrogators.”

  Bremner grinned. “Is that new, or have
you cracked it before?”

  “He nearly broke it on the run in,”
murmured Hofmeyer.

Hofmeyer took the ship up

gently on the rockets. Then when it
was a thousand feet off the ground he
stabbed the vibrodrive and held it until
the bell rang. Bremner frowned. Ten
seconds’ coasting, then the drive went on
again. This time Hofmeyer just missed
the bell, but there could only have been

                      3

a split second in it. As if to show that
he could get closer than that, the third
time Hofmeyer got an instant more of
drive, and still beat the bell. Then Hof-
meyer switched to automatic, and the ship
built up velocity in five-second bursts.

 “Mr. Merson,” said Bremner. “And
Mr. McCall. I’d like to speak to the capT
tain for a moment.”

  They hesitated. No single man could be
left in control—not even an Engineer.
Two officers had to stay at control, or,
rarely, one officer and the Engineer.
But they knew, and Hofmeyer knew, what
Bremner wanted. Hofmeyer had been ask-
ing for it. And even Bremner had to give
it to him. McCall and Merson went out
silently.

  “I know,” said Hofmeyer cheerfully.
“But it’s safe. You get a mind like a
chronometer after a bit—up to ten seconds
anyway. I’ve never had less than two
seconds to spare.”

  “Sometimes,” said Bremner carefully,
“a man can lose two seconds. He can
remember something important he’s for-
gotten. Someone can speak to him. He can
lose his balance or get sudden cramp. A
hundred things can happen to prevent him
touching a button until it’s too late.”

  “But if he can lose two seconds he can
lose three.”

  “It’s not just one and half times as
unlikely. It’s far more than that. Hof-
meyer, don’t think I’m just making petti-
fogging objections. You know what hap-
pens if the drive’s on too long. Chain
reaction. Easy to start and absolutely im-
possible to stop. For a hundred years we’ve
been trying to find some safe way of de-
stroying the affected part, so that even
if the drive was on too long it would be
possible to annihilate the whole mechanism
and the reaction with it. It can’t be done.
We only spread the reaction more quickly.
Your trouble, Hofmeyer, is that you know
no harm can result so long as the drive
is cut within 9.54 seconds. You know it
doesn’t matter, as far as the safety of the
ship is concerned, whether it’s two seconds
or 9.53. So, like an experienced operator
in any other sphere, you want to work
right to the limit. But remember all the
unlikely things that can’t be expected on
76

PLANET STORIES

one trip, but might happen once in two
hundred. The button sticks. If you’ve left
three seconds, you’ve time to cut out the
drive with the lever. Anything less, and
that’s the end of you and the ship.”
Hofmeyer had sobered. “All right, Jeff.
I know. But in my own defense, that’s
the first time since I left training school
that I kept on drive until the bell rang.
What I don’t understand is, why do they
leave it to human error? Why not make
it impossible for the drive to be kept on
more than nine seconds? It would be easy
enough.”

  “There’s several reasons, and the main
one is that every pilot would then rely
too much on the safety device. He couldn’t
help it. He’d know it no longer depended
on him. Another reason is that in the
end it’s safer to trust human beings in a
matter like this than machines. Clocks stop,
relays wear, wires break or lose their in-
sulation. Maybe you don’t know it, but
fifty years before you were bom the kind
of device you mention was tried out. The
report was unfavorable. The machine
didn’t give the safety margin that a human
being knowing what could happen does.”
“Another thing—just for curiosity. And
don’t knock my head off if I should know
the answer. Why use a button that has
to be pushed twice? Wouldn’t it be better
if it had to be held down? Then if the
captain suddenly dropped dead his finger
would come off the button.”

  “There’s more difference of opinion
about that. The reason it’s as is, is that
it’s supposed to be -quicker pressing down
than withdrawing pressure, phsyiologi-
cally.”

  “Well, isn’t it?” '

  “Yes, but there’s also the fact that when
you press a button it has to go right in
and make contact before it has any effect.
If you’re taking your finger off, contact
is broken from the instant the button is
allowed to move. But that’s not the sort
of thing that’s likely to matter much. The
main thing is simply that pilots must take
care.”

  “All right, Jeff. I suppose I needed that.
Are you going to report me?”

  “Not if I have your promise—a per-
sonal promise to me, nothing to do with

the Spaceman’s Code—that you’ll take six
seconds as your mark.”

  “It’s done. I suppose, though you won’t
tell me about it, that even the 9.54 figure
allows a certain margin of safety which
you. boys are keeping to yourselves?”
“It’s a reasonable assumption,” Brem-
ner admitted. “But get this, Hofmeyer.
Don’t go thinking it’s safe to wait for the
bell, and then a bit. The margin’s been
made as small as it reasonably can be—
for remember, no one wants to waste the
drive. You can call the others back now.”
Merson and McCall showed their
quality by making no indication that they
knew their captain had been on. the carpet.
They were a good trio, Bremner thought.

IT WENT ON being a nice trip, right
to the moment when McCall had his
first suspicion of the astrogation correlates.
Merson and he were in the control-room
with the Engineer at the time.

  “Get them to run the whole thing again,”
Merson suggested. “They’ll swear at you,
particularly when the same figures come
out again, but astrogators have things
too easy anyway.”'

  McCall looked at Bremner for permis-
sion to leave only the two of them in
control. The Engineer nodded. He wasn’t
worried about the calculations. He had
been in space a long time, and he could
see nothing wrong with the course. They
were cutting close to the sun to inter-
cept the orbit of Venus, but they were
at full velocity and looked as if they
could be a lot closer without having to
worry.

 McCall was gone a long time. He
brought Hofmeyer back with him. Merson
and the Engineer looked up, disturbed
now.

  “I don’t know whether we can get
clear,” said McCall grimly, “but we’re
going to have to try.”

  He explained what had happened, in
detail. A junior astrogator had run the
calculation. It had looked all right to
the second astrogation officer, and he had
passed it to his chief. The chief knew it
was passed by two good men and that it
was supposed to be checked by one of
the senior officers. He looked at it, did

 r
SAFETY MARGIN

77

a neat little calculation in his head and
was satisfied, thinking the disagreement
was only what might be expected from
his approximations, no more, no less.

  “And I did the same,” said Merson.
“Probably got the same answer.”

  Hofmeyer cut out the automatic drive
and eased the ship round—in six-second
bursts, Bremner noticed. Then he went
back to automatic. He had done all he
could before they had worked out a new
course.

  They all worked on it independently,
the three officers and the Engineer. Part
of the blame was his. No authority said
he had to check astrogation correlates—
only that he should see that it was done.
On perhaps fifty out of a hundred and
fifty or so trips, long and short, he had
worked the whole thing out, painstakingly,
without calculators. He had never found
a tenth-place decimal mistake. Once he
thought he had, and an astrogator, con-
cealing his glee, had demonstrated the
error in his mathematics.

  Hofmeyer consulted charts and passed
them on to the others. He got his result
first, and waited patiently while the others
completed their calculations.

  They coincided exactly. The ship was
too close to the sun already. To turn it
further than Hofmeyer had done would
give the sun a greater pull. What they
wanted was more power to put into the
existing curve. And they didn’t have it.
The vibrodrive could be operated to give
them over nine seconds at a time, and
with a glance at the Engineer, Hofmeyer
proceeded to do just that, waiting delib-
erately each time after the bell rang for
what seemed an interminable time. But
it was still not enough.

  Bremner looked at the three of them.
“Leave me,” he said. “I’ll take over.”

  “We can’t,” Hofmeyer remarked quietly.

  An Engineer had power of life and
death, but no individual, not even an
Engineer, could be left in sole control.
Bremner thought of argument, but it
would take too long.

  “Very well,” he said. “Leave me with
McCall.”

  There was nothing to show the thought
behind that, the fact that the instant be-

fore he spoke he had not known whether
he had been about to say Hofmeyer, Mer-
son or McCall.

MERSON and Hofmeyer didn’t argue.
The Engineer must have some plan,
and the longer they waited the less likely
it would be to be effective. Silently, they
left.

  “Take over,” said Bremner. “Switch
on.”

  The drive was silent. There were scores
of warning devices to show that it was on,
but only the lights and buzzers and dials
showed it. McCall watched them and
waited well over nine seconds. Space of-
ficers got so that they didn’t need clocks
for anything up to ten seconds. They
could feel when the drive had to go off,
with increasing urgency as 9.54 approached.
Hofmeyer was good, but in emergency
McCall was little behind him. When he
moved his finger at least 9.3 seconds had
elapsed.

  “No!” exclaimed Bremner. “Leave it!”

  Habit was too strong. McCall cut the
drive as usual.

  “Put it on and leave it,” said the
Engineer.

  McCall looked at him to make sure
he had not suddenly gone mad, and did
as he was told.

  “There’s a very big safety margin,
then,” he murmured. The drive went on
for ten seconds, twenty seconds, a min-
ute.

  “The whole thing is safety margin,”
said Bremner. “It’s strange how easy it
is to get a white lie accepted as plain
truth. There’s one in psychology too—
know it? Everyone knows no one can be
hypnotized into doing something his con-
scious mind abhors—psychologists teach
it. And it’s simply not true. My theory,
though I haven’t looked into history to
check it, is that some early psychologist,
Janet or Charcot, maybe, saw that hyp-
nosis was liable to be outlawed. So he
invented that—safety margin, if you like.
Everybody believed it, because it was a
nice thing to believe. And whenever it
occurred to anyone that there ought to
be strict control of hypnosis, someone was
sure to say, ‘But no one can be hypnotized
STORIES

78	PLANET

into . . And everyone relaxed.”

  “You mean the vibrodrive can be used
. . . indefinitely?” McCall asked. “There’s
no chain reaction?” His face showed the
effort it took to believe it. If you believe
for forty years that petrol is inflammable,
it is a shock when you learn at last that
petrol won’t burn under any circumstances.
“But the ships that have been lost . . .?”
“Some of them never existed. We cre-
ated them on paper, as necessary remin-
ders. The rest disappeared for other rea-
sons, some of which we don’t know; but
it was convenient to put them all down
to the same cause. We were grateful for
these losses, in a way. Sooner or later
someone would realize that no one had
ever known a spaceman who was lost,
if we relied solely on the paper losses.
But when every loss was put down to
carelessness with the vibrodrive, every
spaceman knew someone who had died
in a blowup.”

  “But why?”

BREMNER was studying the dials on
the board. “You’d only have to think
for a moment to see that.” The extra
power had done the job. Bremner sighed.
“The vibrodrive is the most terrible wea-
pon ever invented—if it can be used con-
tinuously and if there’s no limit to the
power that can be put into it. Think of
it. A fort could be made the armature
in a drive that’s no drive. It goes on and
on, hour after hour. And no one knows
anything about it until the fort itself be-
gins to spin. Or a directional drive can
be set to an area on a planet maybe a
thousand miles square. The force isn’t
strong enough to move a thing in the
area—but after a while storms disrupt it
and gales bring everything to a standstill.
Or if you really want to start something,
you turn your drive on the sun. Or tune
it to a thought waveband. You can stop
all radio communication, kill thousands at
a time, and there’s no defense.”

  Bremner fixed the second engineer with
a significant gaze. “And remember,” he

said softly, “that these are only the things
anyone can think of offhand, without really
trying. What uses, could be discovered
for the vibrodrive as a weapon in war are
beyond all our imaginings.

  “So, long ago, scientists and govern-
ments got together. They couldn’t stop
or outlaw the drive. Too many people
knew too much about it by that time.
All they could do was create a fairy story
that might save civilization until it knew
better. They had to blow up a few ships
then, sacrifices to the good of the greatest
number. But they got this myth established.
They fixed things so that anyone who
started experimenting with the idea that
there need be no chain reaction would
be betrayed at once, not by high-minded
men who cared for the future of humanity,
but by any man who wanted to keep his
own skin whole. And it’s worked.”

  McCall darted a glance at him, suddenly
uneasy. “But you must keep this secret,”
he muttered.

  Bremner smiled. He answered the un-
spoken question obliquely. “I might get
you made an Engineer,” he said softly.
“There’s always that out.”

  McCall sighed with relief.

  “You can cut the drive now,” said
Bremner.

  It had been a hard decision. Hofmeyer
—careless, lucky, easy-going. Merson—re-
liable up to a point, and then utterly ir-
responsible. McCall—disappointed but not
soured, trustworthy but not brilliant.

  Bremner watched McCall at the control
board, and then suddenly moved. McCall
slumped over the board, and the Engineer
put the little flat gun back in his pocket.

  Yes, it had been a hard decision. It
was hardly just that McCall should have
to die for the error of others, partly Brem-
ner’s own. But life seldom was just. He
moved to the door. McCall would be
stated to have died from heart failure,
and the doctor’s examination would show
just that.

  “Hofmeyer—Merson,” he called. “I’m
afraid something has happened to Mc-
Call.”

IT'
79

=7

BOOKS

PEBBLE IN THE SKY

by /woe Ait mo* . . 2

     • Yo*«q Bol Arvo»<fo«. Ca»m< A»ch«o-
tecWi. b*i>ev«d r^ot rhit tto'ovi om'poii. £o«t>*.
l*od an<* t*0" o'aoi. H# b«!*».«d to'ih i bto*-
J»® {««• hr,<i io«nch«d «H* Qvvtno QaU*>nt
ol Vooee Me *,01 B«l A/va>oa« wot >©
ih»	rtti OOO^ — '•’t *» h»d*ovfc

O'o'y*

THE KINGSLAYER

L fton Hubbard . 102

     • A«*gnmen»: DANGE®* ... in O Gok»«W
sceiH>«g w.t*. row violenc* ond .nl'icv*- K* Rol-
lon. <iamc-ho“«d odvcn«jf«* ol 397* A 0.. it ion*
o«i s.^lohonded 10 »>oP o wo* . .. <o« Vo"doU»

•h5 loadei, wot/d *o*h®/ »ee »>i* iMIed lievtfcnonl
dead than v* the oimi of btovtiM Corlol

   0Di^ene*tt{

$ ar ©o

• . • a
VALUED ONLY

25*!

PLANET STORIES’
brand-new COMPANION
in the S-F field . . .

          BIG book of Fantastic Thrills-

< SCIENCE-AD VENTURE ►

                  BOOKS

 Two gripping BOOK-LENGTH NOVELS in every issue . . .

       144 thrill-packed pages of the very best and newest in Science-
       Fiction reading entertainment, until now available only in book
       form! The contents page reproduced above (from the first issue
       now on sale) sets the standard of quality for this great new
       FICTION HOUSE magazine ... Isaac Asimov’s famous PEBBLE
       IN THE SKY, and THE KINGSLAYER by L. Ron Hubbard,
       author of the noH-fiction best-seller, DIANETICS ... a $5.50
       value for only 250!

STRANGE ADVENTURES ON OTHER WORLDS . . .

. . . THE UNIVERSE OF FUTURE CENTURIES

AT YOUR NEWSSTAND NOW!
Danton fired seven times . . . after that he storied, because the gun teas empty

 80
 Three tough, cynical fighting-
 men of Earth—Danton, Keith, Van
 Ness—rose from their tomb of forgetful-
 ness ... to find themselves space-wrecked on _

 Mors, the last hope of mankind against the evil and im-
 mortal Oligarchs. It was weird, incredible, it was a horrible
 dream ... but it was real. Or was it?

 MARTIAN NIGHTMARE

a novelet by BRYCE WALTON

 6—Planet—J anuary
82	PLANET

 Y TIS NAME WAS BURTON.

  i "t John R. Burton.

M. J. He was as happy as anyone could
expect to be. His wife loved him and he
loved his wife. Their children were very
pitell adjusted, as zvas everyone of course
in the New World system.

  Burton worked ten hours a week in a
coal mine, though the job was merely one
demanding the overseeing of machines.
The rest; of the \ut>eek was one of leisure
devoted to gardening, hobbies, play, music.
There was no more hate, no violence, no
feelings of insecurity. It wasn’t that every-
one loved everyone else particularly. It
was just that no one was afraid of the
future anymore.

  Sometimes though, Burton had bad
dreams. Sometimes they were very bad.
In these dreams it seemed that he was
somebody else. Someone who—

  But after he woke up he never remem-
bered the dreams, so, he thought, maybe
they didn’t matter.

  Burton guessed that what he was in the
dreams was too horrible to remember.

D ANTON sat in the chair before the
control bank and stared at his hands
•until they seemed to stop shaking. It had
been a long, long way to Mars. A long,
long time in which to think.

  Of, for example, who had he been for
the last hundred years? He had been
someone, someone with a name, a job, a
ritual, a wife, kids, everything. A valu-
able worker, a nice round peg in one of
countless millions of nice round holes.
Who and what you had been for the past
hundred years was certainly a question
that could bother you, he thought.

  He glanced at Keith and Van Ness.
It wasn’t bothering them now. They had
been two other people for a century also
—but they weren’t bothered now. They
had passed out cold on pre-New World
bourbon.

  They had better snap out of it, Danton
thought a little desperately. The ship had
about reached Mars. They had better get
up from there.

  His hands started shaking again. He
got a cigarette lighted and the opiate stuff
crawling in his throat. He closed his eyes.

STORIES

For an instant it felt better, hiding in
there behind the darkness of his closed
lids. But then the thoughts came faster,
like schools of irritated fish.

   A final war like the last one, destructive
beyond memory anyway, was one most of
the survivors had been more than happy
to forget. They had welcomed recondi-
tioning, the moving into the PLAN, into
the New World system of non-violence.
People became, largely, depending on the
amount of reconditioning necessary, some-
one else. You can’t change solidly laid
foundations of thought and still be the
same person.

  So it was a New World. In it the peo-
ple were New. Everything starting over
again from scratch. A small decentralized
population. Beneficent leaders, masters of
psychology. No weapons, not even in
museums, no conception of war, no fears
of tomorrow. There were no enemies on
Earth. In fact, the mind was conditioned
so that the concept of an enemy was im-
possible. Outer space was merely a region
of lovely stars on clear nights.

  Of the few New System soldiers left,
most were willing to be reconditioned.
Three of them hadn’t been willing. Ri-
chard Danton, Don Keith, Dwight Van
Ness. They had degenerated into drunken
pariahs, people without a group with
which to identify themselves, lonely, lost,
aging and ailing. Finally they did accept
reconditioning. Not because they wanted
to. But because they had to or go com-
pletely insane. Seers, Secretary of Social
Security, said this was bad, but that they
might be able to bring about an adjust-
ment. It would be difficult, he said, because
of involuntary conditioning, but he would
see what he could do.

   Evidently he had done all right. Danton
couldn’t remember the subsequent hundred
years. But he had been someone. They
had blotted him out, fixed him up with
another name, twisted ganglia, altered syn-
apsis, probed lobotomy here and there.
Everything went, name, identity, the entire
business inside and out.

  But all the time, Richard Danton had
been there, a pattern. A circuit discon-
nected. When they had needed him, they
had merely twisted ganglia back, altered

   r>
MARTIAN NIGHTMARE

83

synapsis, probed lobotomy again. And af-
ter a hundred years here he was again,
resurrected, like a .ghost. And when they
were done with him, after his assignment
was finished, he would go back into the
grave, and that someone else would go
on living.

  But maybe not this time. Maybe not
again. This could be a dangerous assign-
ment for him and Keith and Van Ness.
They might never get back to earth, and
that might be all right—for them.

  He would rather die fighting, as a sol-
dier, than keep on living as someone else,
someone he didn’t even know.

  According to Seers there was a chance
that the final war had not been quite so
final. The Oligarch Council had evidently
escaped earth in secretly constructed space-
ships, destined for Mars. If they had ac-
tually gotten to Mars, and had survived,
they were there still, and it would be only
a matter of time until they returned to
Earth and destroyed, it.

  Other factors made it even more com-
plicated. Earth couldn’t defend itself, for
one thing. It had no weapons. It had no
human being capable of manning a wea-
pon if it had one. Seers had said that the
sanity of the world depended on absolute
secrecy. The population was never to
know anything at all, never to suspect
that they might be threatened. Such know-
ledge, Seers said, would destroy the New
System. The people weren’t psychologi-
cally capable of receiving knowledge of
insecurity, not for a long time yet.

  But what bothered Danton was—who
have I been for the last hundred years?

KEITH was crawling across the floor,
gasping at an oxygen inhalor. The
small, thin-faced and cynical soldier got
up and sat down. He grinned. “Are we
in Valhalla yet, Captain?”

  “You still take this whole thing as a
Joke, Keith?"

  “The psyche boys are good,” Keith
said. “Plenty 'good. And I still say this
is just delusion they’re feeding us, on
suggestion tape, after good shots of hyp-
nosene.”

  “Why would they do that?”

  “They tried to recondition us, make

good little workers out of us. But it didn’t
take. We don’t remember, sure—but that’s
no sign we were successfully changed. I
say we weren’t. I got it all figured out,
Captain. They’re killing us. Mercifully, of
course, making us die happy. But we’re
dying just the same, dying in a dream.
A dream of soldiering, of heroics, of sac-
rifice and high honor. Just the way we’d
want it. And instead of waking up, we’ll
really die, in the line of duty. Like a good
soldier should.”

 “But—”

  “I’m not blaming them. I think it’s a
fine idea. For one thing, we aren’t sure
it’s not really happening, so we’ll have
to accept it as truth. It’s the real thing
any way you look at it.” Danton saw
the grin fade slowly across the mask of
Keith’s face. “Are we really here, Cap-
tain?”

  Danton peered into the scope again.
‘Yes,” he whispered.

  “Mars, the god of war,” Keith said,
“awaits his favorite sons.”

  A big dull reddish ball, like an eye-
ball, a blood-shot eye. The cone of its
giant shadow streaming out, a quadrant
of the heavens. And then all at once,
as if the eye were closing, it darkened
except where the sun splattered down on
its far half, a pool of sickly light radiating
outward into dissipating orange and brown.

  Danton thought of the Oligarchs down
there, or what remained of them. The
Oligarchs and the slaves they would have
brought with them in their ships. In a
hundred years they could have multipled
considerably. And the Oligarchs them-
selves, the last of the old world type of
faithless human madness — essentially
amoral, no empathy, tremendous egotism
—filled with the old ideas of class su-
periority. They destroyed with utter cas-
ualness. What advanced stage had their
paranoid culture reached in a century? It
wasn’t something one wanted to think
about.

  The planet was reaching up like a
clenched red fist. He felt the impulse to
duck. Sweat ran down his face, itched
along his ribs. A hundred years was a
long time to be someone else, and now
Danton was wondering if he dared trust
84	PLANET

himself anymore as a soldier. His hands
moved again over the controls.

  The wrecked Oligarch ship had been
found off the Mindanao Deeps by a sub-
sea exploring party, brought up, recon-
ditioned, studied. There were records and
documents in it, and from these Seers
made his decision. He brought back Dan-
ton. In secret, of course; send them to
out of living graves. They were trained,
made into astrogators, cosmologists. Every-
thing in absolute secrecy, of course. And
after the ship blasted off for Mars, only
the three of them and Seers retained
any knowledge that there had been a ship
at all. The reconditioners had fixed that
up. Those who had found it, the scien-
tists who had studied it, no one remem-
bered a thing.

  “Find out what you can, then come
back,” Seers had said. “Don’t fight. If
you fight, you might never come back.
We would never know then what to do.
We can prepare ships like this one, Dan-
ton. In secret, of course, send them to
Mars. But we don’t want to take a chance
like that unless we have to. If activity
like that ever leaked out to the people,
that would be the end of the New Sys-
tem. A sudden blast of insecurity would
wreck our delicately balanced new or-
der.”

  It was a fine ship, Danton thought.
The Oligarchs knew machines. They wor-
shiped them. The ship was also a mon-
strous arsenal, a hurtling fountain of de-
struction, loaded with hydrogen bombs
and something called a proton cannon
that could curl a planet up in space like
a moth in a flame.

  Power, death, throbbing around him,
hot and terrible . . . the ordnance console
key inches from his fingertips. Keith had
said he didn’t want to go back to Earth.
Not and face all that business again. Why
not let go, blast, die right here when
the attack came ? That was a soldier’s way!

  “I’m going to throw her into an orbit,”
Danton said.

  He saw the weird swirling light of the
moons then, the moons of Mars, as the
ship slowed in its orbit. Heavy cloud-
banks drifting low in colossal valleys.
And then he saw the ships. Three of

STORIES

them rising like giant silver beetles.

HE DIDN’T KNOW whether he de-
liberately bungled and failed to lift
the ship out of its orbit in time, or whe-
ther — but psychologically there weren’t
such things as accidental blunders. Any-
way, now it was too late. Maybe every-
one on earth would be wiped out because
of it, but Danton blundered, moved too
slowly. From the ships a white cloud of
released energy flashed, blinded, billowed.
His ship bucked and swerved and lurched.

  Keith whispered tensely, “I’ll take that
ordnance, Captain. I’ll take it!’’

  Van Ness weaved upright, sucking at
an oxygen capsule, murhbling.

  Danton said, “They’re not firing now.
They're curious, maybe. Let them get in
close. They’ll come in, try to identify us.
It must have just occurred to them that
this is one of their old ships. Then we
fire, clear our course, and run.”

  “Run, run, get your gun!” Van Ness
mumbled.

  Danton swung the view-plate. The ships
hovered behind, slightly above, coasting,
waiting, watching. Danton laughed aloud.
For a hundred years he had been dead.
Now he was alive. Really alive. His fingers
were hot and wet as he gripped the T-bar,
and he saw that the ships were improved
types. He couldn’t escape back to earth
now, even if he wanted to. And he didn’t
have time now to figure out whether he
wanted to or not. It was too late now
for thinking. He preferred it that way.
He said, “They’re coming in close now.
Keith, this is it!”

  Keith nestled into the ordnance chair
like a bird. His body was tight with anti-
cipated pleasure. His fingers hooked,
spread, began to tremble individually.
Death was there, all around.

  Without looking up, seemingly without
reason, he asked, “You were engaged to
marry a very pretty girl when the war
ended, weren’t you, Captain? Someone
named Mara?”

  Danton hadn’t forgotten. “That’s right.
I couldn’t explain it to her—why I wouldn’t
be reconditioned. She married someone
else. A cybernetics engineer, named
George.”
MARTIAN NIGHTMARE

85

  "The hell with them, all of them!” Keith
said. “You wouldn’t want to go back
there. That’s what they all think about
us, Captain. While they need us we’re
great guys, and afterwards—don’t touch.
No, Captain, whether this is delusion or
the real thing, this is how we were meant
to go. We’re lucky, Captain!”

  Keith manipulated the ordnance keys.
Danton’s eyes went blind before the in-
credible flash of kinetic energy release.
His eyes closed. Music, lifting, whirling
round and round and he was rocking
with gentle joyous softness in a cradle of
death . . .

  But Danton got his hands up against
the darkness, held on to it, pushed it this
Way and that, got it away from his eyes.
He crawled back into the chair, blinked
into the viewer. He didn’t see the ships
now, anywhere. Only the great clenched
fist of the war-world, the red world, rush-
ing up, growing with a silent onrushing
fury, looming, broadening.

  Keith’s fingers dug into Danton’s shoul-
der. “I got ’em, Captain! Burned them
out like ants on a hot plate. They burned
so beautiful . . .”

  The ship had suffered from the reper-
cussion; nothing responded right. Danton
shoved more intensifier units into the stem
tubes, straightened her a little with a cou-
ple of bursts from the steering jets, then
power-dived with the tubes roaring.

  He fought the controls. The numbness,
the roaring, the intolerable rising tempera-
ture of the walls. Fighting for some sort
of balance to get the ship hurtling in at
least a low-level orbit. The walls quivered,
then the whining, sighing, falling through
a dense sea of twisting vapor.

  Danton watched the altimeter, the power
gauges, manipulated the power-tube stops.
His body was an unfeeling, unconscious
circuit of responses. Somehow he got the
ship at vertical. The plate brought the
landscape up to him, presented it to him
like the unveiling work of a mad artist.
Up-pushing violence of mountain walls, a
valley, forest, dense alien looking stuff,
thick and high and entangled and phos-
phorescent with a pinkish glow drifting
like the reflection of a vast roaring fur-
nace.

  And—a senseless glimpse of something
archaic, too primitive to be real. Only a
glimpse, so that immediately after, he de-
cided he must have seen something else.
A long trail of armored cars. Amtracs, it
seemed, bristling with ancient types of
guns. Armored cars. Amtracs. A few hun-
dred years ago they had had them in
Earth museums.

  The ship roared and shook. The scream
of metal penetrated Danton’s skull, be-
came part of an iron ball grinding in
his head . . .

  No sentience possessed him now, no
mind, no body, no hate or joy or.hope
or confused indecision about his twisted
motivations. He thought simply, death pos-
sesses me.

BUT DEATH was only nearby. Life
was a powertube, dimming to a dull
yellow, flickering dangerously. Movement
was without real substance. Shapes, voices
vague and distant. He heard Van Ness
and Keith talking once. Someone yelled.
There was the burning sigh of the elec-
tronic rifles they had evidently been able
to salvage.

  The light brightened slowly. He sat up.
Keith and Van Ness stood beside him.
Clothing torn, faces scratched and bleed-
ing. Keith’s mouth was tight, his jaw mus-
cles rigid and pale. He turned, held his
rifle steady. Van Ness wanted to know if
Danton felt all right now, anything else
wrong besides the knock on the head.

  Danton said he didn’t know. “I thought
it would be cold here.” He was sweating.
The air was muggy, quiet. The lake was
huge before him, the mountains beyond it
gigantic and blue-misted. The lake was
glassy and still. Behind him was thick
forest, reddish leaves, high trees, thickly
entangled, odd flowers, shadows. A feel-
ing of things alive—but of a cautious kind
of living. Little eyes waiting and watching
in the bushes, on the fringes.

“Out of this valley, on the desert, it
would be plenty cold,” Keith said.
Danton asked then, “What happened?”
Keith watched the forest warily. “We
hit the lake out there, had to swim in.”
“So now what?” Van Ness wanted to
know.
86

PIMET STORIES

“We still have a kind of advantage,”
Danton said. “They don’t know who we
are, or where. They know nothing.”
“Neither do we,” Keith said. “There’s
a chance Seers was wrong about the Oli-
garchs. Maybe their culture has changed.
Maybe they don’t intend to attack Earth.”
“Their ego couldn’t stand to forget their
defeat,” Danton said. “They had a highly
advanced technology that could conceiv-
ably control any environment, rather than
the other way round. In some ways they
were ahead of the rest of the world.”
Keith grinned. “That’s right, Captain.
You’re-so right.”

  Danton looked Keith in the eyes. “You
mentioned earlier, something about some-
times thinking you should be an Oligarch.
You really feel that way, Keith?”

  “Why not? We didn’t have a choice
whose side we would fight on. We were
conditioned from the time we were old
enough to think, and we fought the Oli-
garchs for fifty years. Three-quarters of
the world’s population rubbed out. And
then we had a world that didn’t want us
—unless we were three other people. We
fought to destroy the old values, help build
a new society. But let’s face it, Captain—
those old values we destroyed were our
own! We helped destroy our own kind of
world. So what does it mean? It means
we should have fought for the Oligarchs,
and that we really sympathize with them.
Their system is a war system, probably
still is. With them, there would always
be a place for a fighting man. A soldier
among the Oligarchs could expect honor
and privilege.”

Danton had nothing to say. He had
thought in a similar way more than once.

  Van Ness said. “Wrong, Keith. We’ve
committed ourselves, and now we have to
go on to the end of the road.”

  The words drifted with the wind across
the glassy lake. You walked along the
road, Danton thought, while the road was
visible and you walked it to the end. And
neither road nor the end was your own
choice. Maybe the only glory was in walk-
ing it bravely. But maybe, as Keith had
said, they had been on the wrong road.
The Oligarchs, had they conquered, would
have always provided an honorable place

for a soldier. Banners, flags, women, the
rise of battle fever, the ecstatic explosions
of power, the enemy dead.

  Keith fired once into the forest wall.
A shape fluttered away over the tops of
the trees, then fell, crying at first, then
screaming like a woman. “We’ve been fol-
lowed by those things for about a mile
along the shore edge,” Keith said. “They
don’t seem friendly. They’re intelligent.
Big, with wings, and old-style weapons.
Very old. Explosive powder stuff.”
“Martians,” said Van Ness.

DANTON said, “I caught a look at
some human beings just before we
hit the lake. Maybe I was seeing things
that weren’t, but there seemed to be an-
cient amtracs, old-style cannon, marching
men.”

  Keith nodded. “This whole business is
crazy. A highly advanced technology with
spaceships in the air—and centuries-old
amtracs and gun-powder on the ground!
If this is all a dream and we’re really on
earth in a psyche-cell, somebody’s got a
devil of an imagination!”

An explosion, then the whine of steel
missiles sent the three on their stomachs
among the small sharp shells. Danton
raked the forest with flash-gun fire.
Finally Danton said. “We have to move.”
“Without a plan of action ?” Keith said.
“No. Our plan is the same. Find out
all we can and return to Earth. Seers has
to know. He doesn’t want to prepare a
secret attack unit to send up here unless
he’s absolutely sure it’s necessary.”

  “Even if we live long enough to find
out something, how do we get back to
Earth? By teleportation?”

’ “We’ll have to get a ship, or try,” Dan-
ton said.

  The sound of explosions drifted to
them, the flat reverberating roar of bombs.
Van Ness looked to the right and said,
“That way. And not so far .either.”

*	* *

  Ten miles from the lake, the three
crawled into the dense brush beside the
trail. They could hear now the approach
of laboring gasoline motors, the shouts
of men. Danton waited. He waited tensely,

r
MARTIAN NIGHTMARE

87

as though somewhere inside of him was
a knowledge of what he waited for.

  The moons moved across the high val-
ley. The light was clear, still, with a
reddish cast. Purple shadows bent and
swayed in the slight and cooler wind.
Through the odd light, a column of wheez-
ing amtracs came. Broad wheels grinding,
coughing engines, voices murmuring, bod-
ies wearily slogging, humans, weary
ghosts.

  Van Ness whispered, “Looks as though
they’re in retreat.”

  Danton nodded. Van Ness said, “The
/ounded, the dead and the dying. I guess
you could say we’ve come home again.”

  Danton slowly licked his lips. The fifty-
years war against the Oligarchs hadn’t
been like this. His war had been swift
and clean and shiny as the metal cities
that went with the bright hot flames of
atomic fission. Now the smells of sweat-
ing men drifted to him, the smell of blood
and of death.

  Weary, white-faced, shabbily-uniformed
men filing by. Many hobbled, wounded,
swinging along in a freakish dance. Crude
stretchers carrying others, somewhat re-
sentfully. Amtracs hauled still others,
some wounded, others dying, some already
dead. The sounds of bombardment edged
nearer through the moonlight. The column
moved faster. And Danton noticed then
that the women were there, uniformed,
hardly distinguishable from the men.

  The ground jarred. Projectiles screamed.
An amtrac rose up in a blossoming cone,
fell apart, metal shining and bodies dis-
integrating. A small detachment swung in
squarely toward Danton’s position. The
three men faded back into deeper con-
cealment.

  A tired, thickly-bearded line-officer
barked an order. “Thomas! Rennin! Take
the bodies away at once. According to
the map, there’s a disposal mart half a
mile east!”

  The torn bodies were rolled onto
stretchers and carried into the shadows.

  Danton thought: some pestilence prob-
ably. They have to get rid of the bodies
fast. But why under the stress of imme-
diate attack?

  The line-officer was saying, “Men.

We’ve been under constant attack for
eighty-five days. Our survival depends on
orderly retreat until we combine forces
with Rudolph’s Second Army.”

  A woman stopped walking. Her face was
streaked with dirt. She yelled, “Why
doesn’t the Power give us some real wea-
pons? With a real power gun we could
kill every Redbird that—”

  The line-officer brought his revolver up,
fired. The back of the woman’s head ex-
ploded as the flattened bullet came out.
The officer’s face twitched. “Barrows! Se-
lect a man, take her to the disposal mart.”
“Yes, sir.”

  After the body was gone, Danton stared
dazedly at the spot where the woman had
fallen. The officer was saying, “Any ref-
erence to the Powers other than that ne-
cessitated by duty and reverence, is pun-
ished immediately by execution.” Then
the officer sat down and looked blankly
into the moonlight. That was a quotation
from a manual, Danton thought. But the
officer—hadn’t meant it. He hadn’t wanted
to shoot the woman. That might be very
important to consider.

  Presently the officer stood up. “Men.
The Redbirds will follow up this bom-
bardment with a winged attack. They al-
ways do when the moons are right. We’ll
remain hidden along the trail and take
them as they come in. They’ve never
learned the strategy of ambush. Make
ready for the attack. Be alert!”

DANTON MOTIONED and the three
of them retreated slowly, as silently
as possible. They had crawled probably a
hundred yards when the attack came.

  The Redbirds were red. They also
might be considered birds, with a reptilian
dominance. Their wingspread was enor-
mous, and their bodies were very nearly
human to look at—with an alien deviation
that made them seem grotesque when they
really weren’t grotesque at all. In a way
they were beautiful. Red feathers -and
gold-flecked eyes.

  And then the air was torn apart. Explo-
sions, rushing bodies, breaking wings,
burning feathers and singeing flesh and
hissing screams. The moonlight fluttered
with winged shadows,
PLANET STORIES

88

  “This is real war,” Danton. heard Van
Ness yell. “Hand to hand. The real
thing'.”

  Danton couldn’t see either Van Ness
or Keith. He fought, firing wildly at sha-
dows and substance. The real thing. It
was strange, he thought, but in that fifty
years of the bloodiest war, the most de-
structive in history—he’d never killed any-
thing hand to hands It had been coldly
impersonal, that war. A 'million here, a
million there. Nine million at once. And
nothing remaining except charred craters.
No bodies around. No one crying either.
Nothing at all. But this—

  Van Ness’s fading scream chopped
down like hot steel. Danton couldn’t fire,
afraid of burning Van Ness, who was
being lifted up by a Redbird. Van Ness
was gone almost before Danton realized
that he was being carried up and away
over the tree tops.

  Danton crawled around in the flame-
blasted clearing. His rifle was gone. The
Redbird’s powerful wings had slammed it
into shadows and brush. He looked for
Keith.

  Keith!

  He didn’t find Keith either.

  He lay still, very still. Several soldiers
were poking around in the tangled debris
of bodies and blood and torn brush. It
was so still all at once. No sounds at
all except the hard breathing of men. No
wings threshing, or screams penetrating.

  Danton played dead. He was surprised
at how easy it was.

  He recognized the officer’s voice. “Load
everything that looks human in a couple
of amtracs and drag them to the disposal
mart.”

  “Yes, sir.”

  Motors idling. Men lifting and grunting
and cursing. Danton opened his eyes just
a little, stared upward into the broad river
of sky far up between the mountains.-
“How many casualties?”

  “Not bad. We lost a quarter maybe.
We probably burned down a thousand
Redbirds.”

  “Where do they all come from? We’ll
never kill them all. They keep coming and
they’ll always keep coming.”

  “They’re supposed to come from across

the white desert. We’ll never find out.
Anyone striking out across that desert
never comes back.”

  The officer. “On the double, men!”
  “Why does it go on?”

 “Who knows?”

  “Will we win?”

  “No one can win. The Redbirds will
keep coming. We keep killing!”

  “The Powers are happy though. Fifty
bodies to the marts. Counting yesterday’s
casualties, that’s over three hundred to the
marts since this battle started.”

  “And how many since the war started ?”
“Who knows ? When wasn’t there a war,
pal ? What the hell would a guy do around
here if there wasn’t a war on?”

  Danton felt hands on his ankles and
wrists. He forced limpness down his body
and felt himself tossed among the dead.
He was hardly noticed at all, dead or
otherwise. His uniform was tom, covered
with blood and dirt until it looked like
any other uniform.’ He must look pretty
bad to be taken for dead.

  Swarms of insects, drawn by the blood,
settled in clouds. The amtrac jerked for-
ward. Danton saw the drivers sitting up
there like gray plaster figurines. One o£
the men started to mumble a song, a kind
of chant, more like a dirge.

  “Shut up! You’ll get us shot!”
“Borkan’s back there. He can’t hear.”
Danton listened. His stomach went hol-
low and icy at the song. It was old. It
was full of ghosts, ghost treads, and ghost
shadows marching out of the past, out of
the present.

    "The men of the tattered battalion,
      which fights ’till it stumbles and dies,

    Dazed with the scream of the battle,
      the din and damned glare and the
      cries,

    The men with the broken heads back-
      ward, and the blood running out of
      their eyes I”

  “Shut up!”

    “The Pozvers have all of the music,
      the glory and color and gold;

     Ours be a handful of ashes, a bounti-
       ful mouthful of mould.’’

  r
MARTIAN NIGHTMARE

89

  “Shut up, I tell you! We’ll be shot! If
you—”

    “Of the maimed, of the halt and the
    blind in the rain and the cold—”

  The song faded slowly, died out. It
seemed to die of weariness, to ran down.
And Danton kept on hearing it—circling
mournfully through his head like swirling
muddy water round a stake.

  One thing he was seeing now, graphi-
cally so that he would never forget: Wars
weren’t all the same. Sometimes fighting
men hated war. He had known only the
swift clean war, the septic war, a gigantic
street-cleaning machine with a ray gun in
front and a rotary brush in the back, with
individuals turned abruptly into the earth
from which they had come, and no one
knowing the difference.

  But in different times and places, wars
could be different.

HE AMTRAC STOPPED. “Let’s
get ’em out of here!”

  Danton was thrown up, over, out and
down, and other forms fell around him.
He heard a moan from something not
quite dead. Metal clanged. Machinery
whirred. He thought of the mart, disposal
mart. He thought of dropping through a
hole maybe into a pit of fire, or into a
vat of something. All through him as
from an intravenous injection—horror.

  He looked. A mound of metal, as
though a bald giant had been buried up
to his eyebrows. Metal corroded with
green slime. And there, an opening ap-
pearing as heavy metal doors slid open.
A rail-car with a spherical truck bed
emerging from the opening and waiting
with an eery suggestion of eager sentience
in its cold metal.

  The men throwing the bodies into the
railcar.

  “What happens to them?”

  “Who knows? No one ever hears of
them again. Morlan mentioned it the other
day. He said the Powers demand sacri-
fice, like gods maybe. I’m not superstitious
or anything, but—”

  “Why not? Something’s taking care of
us, making us move around, dance on

the invisible wires. Maybe the Powers are
gods. Why not? They’re supposed to Jive
forever. Never grow old.”

  “Push the button! Push it! Get them
out of here. Wait, here’s another one.”

  Danton felt himself plunging, striking,
rolling among the other dead logs. He
didn’t move. Some of the horror was
dissolving, because this whole disposal
system was too elaborate. There was some-
thing basic and symptomatic about it, and
Danton felt that it was a key. Van Ness
and Keith were gone. He couldn’t think
about them now. Their disappearance had
seemed so very final. He was alone. He
still had his duty, and he was curious.
He wanted to find out what he could, al-
though the idea of somehow getting a
ship and returning to Earth with what
information he could gamer was no longer
part of his thoughts. You could take ad-
vantage of the impossible if it happened
perhaps. You couldn’t anticipate it as a
basis for action.

  But he was still curious, and that was
part of his duty. The Oligarchs, the
Powers, seemed interested in gathering in
the blossoms of death from the fields.
Very interested. One of these soldiers had
said the Powers would be happy. Surely
then the bodies wouldn’t simply go into a
vat or a flame.

  “Here she goes!”

  Darkness. Silent movement whirring,
rapidly accelerating speed, hot wind sigh-
ing dry past his face. The body of the
dead girl, her body tight up against him in
the darkness, moved a little. She sighed
brokenly.

  Danton felt around, found the belt, hol-
ster, ancient revolver he had spotted
earlier. He removed it, buckled it around
his own waist. He was careful not to
raise his head. Above him, close, he felt
a ceiling rushing back.

  Feeling the girl beside him, the girl
soldier, still alive somehow, he thought of
Mara who had found him unbearable be-
cause he still had the mind of a soldier
and had refused to be reconditioned. She
had grown to hate him—no, not hate, re-
vulsion. It was natural. She had been re-
conditioned to hate anything suggesting
violence.
90

PIMET

STORIES

  Well, that was long ago and far away.
Further away than long ago.

  The car slowed, tilted. Doors slid open
and a soft blue radiance filtered through.
Danton clung to the metal and stared down
a gleaming metal chute. He began to hear
incoherent sounds coming out of his own
throat, uncontrollably, as the car tilted fur-
ther. He grabbed desperately, hung on as
the car dumped its load into the chute,
down, down into a giant pit. The pit was
surrounded with high mesh walls and a
Steel rail. And behind the rail a circular
walkway, with panels, or doors, spaced at
regular intervals. Maybe a hundred or
more doors.

  And cranes, cranes lifting metal mouths
full of the squirming mass in the pit,
lifting them to the railing and onto mov-
ing belts that carried them through the
walls and out of sight.

 To what? God, to what? Danton
thought.

DANTON clung frantically to the
empty car. Sweat made a stream
down his chest, though the pit was re-
frigerated. Cold. The metal was frosted,
it shone like ice. And in the pit some of
the bodies moved and made sounds. The
girl soldier. She got to her knees.

  Danton tried to crawl back, back up
the slippery metal of the railcar. He
sought darkness back there, a place to
hide. Then he stopped trying and felt
his fingers loosening as he watched the
girl. Her face was unrecognizable behind
a mask of blood and dirt. But she was
standing up now. She raised one hand.
She looked up at the many expressionless
doors.

  The strength with which she forced the
keening death-song from her body was
not the strength of her body. It came
from someplace else. From outside, from
memory, from a last defiance that could
no longer suffer punishment, from the
buried ghosts of thousands of years that
had died.

    "You sing of the great clem guns,
      that belch forth death at will.

     Oh, but the wailing mothers, the life-
       less forms and still!"

   Danton’s hands let go, and he slid down
the chute.

    ". . . . sing the songs of the billowing
       flags, the bugles that cry before.

   Oh, but the skeletons flapping rags,
      the lips that speak no more.”

   He scarcely felt the bodies under him.
He looked at the woman singing and he
listened.

   "... sing the clash of bayonets and
      sabres that flash and hew,

   Will you sing of maimed ones, too,
      who die and die anew?”

   Danton stumbled. He reached her side.

   “Sing of feted generals who bring
      the victory home.

   Oh . . . but the broken bodies that
      drip like honey-comb!”

   Danton touched her shoulder. Her uni-
form hung in tatters. A line of red ran
down her torn arm. She sank to her knees.
He could barely hear the last two lines
of her song.

   "... sing of hearts triumphant,
     long ranks of marching men.

   And zirill you sing of the shadowy
      hosts that never march again?”

   He lifted her and stood, holding her like
a child. Now her eyes were closed. She
would have a pretty face, he thought. The
army uniform cap fell away and her hair
tumbled down over his hand and arm
like red dust. Her lips moved. She whis-
pered: “No one hears. No one — ever
hears.”

   “I hear you,” Danton said.

   But you don’t hear me, he thought. Her
body was limp. She’s dead, he thought.

   The crane dipped, steel jaws champing,
steel-thewed neck stiff and superior, now
lifting.

  Danton put the girl down, leaped,
caught the metal lips, clung as the crane
lifted, swung, caught the rail, pulled him-
self over onto the walkway. His breath

r
MARTIAN NIGHTMARE

91

was hot and his lungs burned.

  He slid the ancient revolver free and
examined it quickly. Its mechanism was
simple enough. He twirled the cylinder,
removed the safety catch. Doors? Where
did they go? None of the doors seemed
inclined to tell him; nothing moved around
him except the crane-and the conveyor
belt.

  He walked round the circular way once,
came back. It would seem that he must
crawl onto the belt to escape the pit. That
would take him—somewhere. It seemed
that he was destined to follow the dead
wherever the dead went in this place
where the dead seemed to have lost the
last faint tinge of dignity or honor.

  Silently, simultaneously, the doors slid
open. A man was bom from the darkness
of each black rectangle. Bronze giant men
in tunics that glittered like finely woven
metallic silk. There was some variation,
yet they were amazingly alike, expression-
less, cold, removed. Far removed.

  Danton heard the conveyor belt moving
softly, swiftly behind him, carrying its
macabre load. The revolver felt heavy in
his hand. Then, from somewhere, a voice
crackled in the pit like ice shifting.

  “Bring this soldier to the Council
Room.”

  A man’s voice, without any particular
characteristic other than one of detach-
ment. It might have been the voice of a
machine, or something on a tape.

  Danton fired seven times. After that he
stopped because the gun was empty of
cartridges. Each time he fired, a man fell
soundlessly, without dramatics, calmly.
Each time, the man next in line stepped
forward to receive the next bullet. After
the last bullet was gone, three other men
lifted the fallen bodies and placed them
on the conveyor belt. Five others sur-
rounded Danton. They did not touch him.
If the episode had had any emotional sig-
nificance at all for these men, Danton
hadn’t seen it. Further resistance was fu-
tile; the firing of the revolver had been
only token defiance anyway.

  Danton felt the refrigerated air of the
pit clinging to him as the men marched
him down a long tubular hall walled in
dull metal.

THE ROOM was large, metal-vaulted,
brittle. Mesh grid screens surrounded
him at a distance, and the useless revolver
hung cold and damp in his hands. Three
men and three women sat behind a half-
moon of bright silver suspended from the
high ceiling by shimmering strands of sil-
ver, like very fine wire.

  As architecture, the things he had seen
were the final stage in constructivism. An
elimination of the sense of weight and
solidity of traditional forms. Everywhere
were space constructions of metal sheets,
glass, plastic, beams of angular light,
some vaguely related to human figures,
largely as abstracts of geometrical shapes,
technological forms.

  Environment and people were each a
balanced projection of the other. The gen-
eral effect was one of machine-like pre-
cision, brittle coldness in which man and
machine had reached emotionless synthe-
sis.

  One of the men said, "Rhone, will you
question this?”

  The woman’s voice was musical, But
without warmth, like a nicely constructed
music-box. “What is your name?”

  He did not answer.

  “You should answer, soldier. Volun-
tarily. I can assure you that we have ways
to force your mind to give up all of its
secrets.”

  She waited. He did not answer.

  “Your actions have been peculiar, sol-
dier. We are interested.”

  Danton thought fast. They had space-
ships. Three of them he had seen, the
three they no longer had, thanks to Keith.
If he admitted being from Earth it would
certainly incite immediate reprisal, and
Seers wasn’t ready. He wouldn’t be ready
for a long time. He would never be ready
to receive an attack from Mars. His idea
was to send a secret force to attack Mars,
so that the New World populace would
never know about it.

  A well-planned series of lies, elaborate,
complex, provoking. Find out facts. Try
to postpone or avert any immediate attack
on Earth. Reduce things to as individual
a level as possible. He had one advantage:
from his observations to this point, the
Oligarch culture seemed not to have
92

PLANET STORIES

changed its basic pattern. Evolution had
merely moved that pattern forward a hun-
dred years, solidified its static essence.
Cold efficiency, egomania, class superiority
—the system supported by scientific me-
thod and a fanatical, one-track dogma
based on paranoia.

  He had fought this force a long time.
He thought he understood it.

  “Your name, soldier. Your unit and
rank.”

  “Danton West,” he said. He remem-
bered the line-officer’s words, a quick
frame of reference. “Captain. Second
Army. That was a while back. More
lately of the Revolutionary Forces.”
“Revolutionary—”

  Danton saw their expressions alter, al-
most imperceptibly, but alter they did
under the masks. When that fifty-years
war had ended, none of the central ruling
clique, the Oligarch Council, had been
found. And one thing seemed incredible
to Danton as he stood there:

  These three men and women seemed
to be the same individuals who had made
up that Oligarch Council on Earth a hun-
dred years before.

  That was logical enough. Except—
They hadn’t aged at all. There had been
no sign of change.

  That soldier back there had said, "...
They’re supposed to live forever. They
never grow old.”

  “That is impossible, of course,” the wo-
man Rhone said. “Now—explain your uni-
form. It is unorthodox. In fact it is a
duplication of the uniforms worn by offi-
cers of a certain army of another time
and place of which you should know noth-
ing. Can you explain this?”

  “I can and will. We do know about
those certain armies in another time and
place. A hundred years ago. Earth. You
think we have forgotten?”

SILENCE. The woman’s eyes widened,
only slightly, though a tremendous in-
ner emotional surge was obvious. One of
the men leaned forward. Danton was re-
lieved. He felt a bit more secure, seeing
even this slight degree of individuality
and emotion. There was the psychological
effect, he knew, of*tfeeling a subtle lessen-

ing of the unification of forces against
him.

  They hadn’t aged, he thought. The same
ones, without grayness, without wrinkles,
without any sign of physical degeneration.

  The woman said, not to him, voicing
her thoughts, “Impossible. No one beyond
the Walls can possibly know of the past.
We took great pains to assure that—Mars
is the only world they have ever known,
the only world that ever was. Our world.”

  “We know,” Danton said. “Others know
too. The Revolutionists know. I’m telling
you this much because nothing you can
do can stop it. It’s developed too far. Re-
volt. Did yon think it would ever be
stamped out?”

  Beneath the masks, Danton could see
concern, incredulous concern. Maybe they
had thought they had set up an impervious
regime. And maybe they actually had. But
there was doubt here. Just enough of a
doubt to play upon. One thing he knew,
and that was that there was resentment out
there beyond the Walls, whatever the
Walls were, and those songs, hopeless as
they were, had been songs of revolt against
oppression. The germ was out there . . .

  “You have a choice,” the woman said.
“Tell us everything you know. That, or
suffer the kind of pain we cannot describe
to you, a kind you will find out for your-
self.”

  He could imagine. The Oligarchs had
been efficient at everything. That had been
their god—efficiency, mastery of the ma-
chines, the maintenance forever of the
master-elite over the rabble.

  Like an amoeba, the social forces of
the world had split, the old values solidi-
fying, the new values pulling away, com-
ing back again, overrunning, defeating.
But the Oligarchs had fled and here they
had developed their particular systems to
some final state.

  Whatever they had waiting for him, to
open his mind, it would be efficient.

  She said, “You entered our Walls vol-
untarily. Why?”

  She said it as though it were totally in-
conceivable that anyone beyond the Walls
should seek to enter voluntarily. Maybe it
was inconceivable.

  “Curiosity,” Danton said. He managed

r
MARTIAN NIGHTMARE

93

to smile at each of them in turn. “There
have been so many rumors growing old,
becoming legends and myths. I came in to
find out for myself.”

  “You do not expect to escape?”
Danton shrugged. “I don’t care one way
or the other. I had hoped to remain here.”
He waited. He thought. Finally he added,
“I had hoped to become one of you.”
“What?” one of the men said in a whis-
per.

  The man on Rhone’s right said, “A
curious type. Obviously he has insight.
One might almost think—”

  The woman said, “We can speculate
later, if we have to, Weisser. Right now
we are interested in facts. Facts!”

  She kept looking into Danton’s eyes.
Her own eyes had a curious green quality.
She was beautiful, of course, physically.
No one had ever denied the physical beauty
of the Oligarchs. Hereditary physical
beauty was important to them. They de-
veloped it by selective breeding and—no
one had figured out by what other means.

  There was the indication of an edge to
the woman’s voice now. “Three of our
ships vanished. Do you know anything
about those ships, soldier?”

  Danton smiled. “Yes,” he said, and
paused for perhaps five seconds. “We de-
stroyed them.”

  The silence then was longer than five
seconds. It was very long. It lengthened
until it was painfully heavy. The woman's
voice was a whisper. “How could the rab-
ble do that? It isn’t true, of course. It
couldn’t be true.”

  “You’ll never find the ships,” Danton
said. “There aren’t any ships now. We
blew them to pieces. Our scientists did it.
I don’t know where the scientists and their
secret laboratories are. I don’t know too
much about the inner workings of the re-
volt. But I know some things you might
find very valuable.”

  “But, Weisser, it is impossible, isn’t it?”
“Of course. The man is obviously lying.
They couldn’t possibly have evolved any
such weapon. They couldn’t even have de-
veloped the concept of revolt. Their cul-
tural patterns, their attitudes and heredi-
tary capabilities are set. They can’t
change.”

“Then how do we classify this soldier?”
“Why bother? Some sort of crazy de-
viant. We put him under the Scanners
now, then dispose of him. His body has
9ome value.”

  The woman said, “There still remains
the question of what happened to our
ships.”

  Danton thought: the Oligarch Council
operates on a strictly top-down principle.
Who is the extreme top? The woman,
Rhone? Or the man, Weisser? One of
them certainly. That might be important
to know.

  Danton dipped into the small supply
packet at his waist, lifted a food-capsule
to his mouth. He looked first at Weisser,
then at the woman. “I can tell you a lot.
And if you don’t find out what is happen-
ing out there very soon, you’ll be de-
stroyed. Like those ships. I’ll bargain with
you. Let me remain here, enjoy certain
privileges I’ve thought about often when
I was crawling around out there in the
mud. Show me what you have here, let
me understand. For that, I’ll give you
valuable information you need to survive.”
Weisser said coldly, “IVe — bargain
with a mongrel?”

  “This capsule is poison, and it isn’t par-
tial to blue-blood,” Danton said easily. “A
few seconds after putting it into my
mouth, I’ll be dead. I’ll be silent then. I
can tell you how the ships were destroyed,
the weapons used, some things about the
planned revolt. If I don’t tell you, you’ll
never find out. And if you don’t find out
what is happening out there in a short
time, it will be too late—for you.”

  The woman pointed. “Take that door
out, soldier. Perhaps you’ll be contacted
later.”

Danton smiled. “Don’t wait too long.
You don’t have much time, beautiful.”

A CORRIDOR led into a circular
room, one section paneled entirely
in glass. Furnishings were suspended at
odd angles, the concepts of an odd struc-
tural art, from various lengths of silver
strands. He stood there, then tried the
door. He couldn’t open it. He was locked
in. He felt eyes on him.

Later he turned, moved back until he
94	PLANET STORIES

was facing the door through which he had
entered. He kept the food capsule near
his mouth as the door opened and she stood
there looking at him strangely.

  Then she strode toward him, long slim
legs and an easy imperious stride. The
metallic-silk skirt that came half-way to
her knees tinkled like a -thousand infin-
itely tiny bells.

  She said, “The records have been
checked. One of our ships failed to get
out of Earth’s atmosphere when we came
here a century ago. We had assumed the
ship had burned up. It has been suggested
that you are from Earth, that you found
that ship. It would be odd if you were
one of the Equalitarian soldiers who
fought against us a hundred years ago.”
Danton shrugged. Self control was dif-
ficult now. He had to resist an urge to
reach out, put his fingers around her
throat. She seemed weaponless, and it
could be accomplished rapidly enough.
There would be a great deal of personal
satisfaction. But he still clung to the
shreds of his duty. His duty to Seers, to
Earth millions who could so easily die
under the bombs of an enemy they had
never been allowed to know even existed.
Or was that the real reason? Maybe I
don’t really want to kill her.

  “Think whatever you wish. I’ve told you
the facts. I know nothing about such a
ship. If you believe such a fantastic idea,
then where is this ship now?”

  “You’ll answer that,” she said. She
moved nearer, nearer than necessary for
conversation. How ageless and smooth her
face was, he thought. Smooth and pale.
And her eyes like exotic books, conceal-
ing strange and terrible secrets.

  He shrugged again. “It doesn’t matter
much to me,” he said. “My offer still
stands. Take it or leave it. As I said, this
capsule will kill me in seconds. After that
the troubles are all yours. You won’t be
able to escape. Those mongrels out there,
as you call them, they don’t need Earth.
They have minds of their own.”

“That’s impossible! They’re mongrels.”
“You think you have them set solidly
and forever in a static mould, just the way
you want them? The perfect slavery—cul-
turally molded, so they don't even realize

they’re slaves. That’s the idea? It isn’t
working out that way. They’re human,
with minds too complex—they can never
be wholly predictable. Of course you could
send an agent to Earth to find out. It
would reduce the odds against us.”

  “Us? But you’ve asked to become one
of the Oligarchs.”

  “Yes. I would prefer that, frankly. But
it isn’t too important. I’m. interested in
your system for only one reason—because
you never grow old. You will notice that
I am growing old, hair graying, wrinkles
creeping in around my eyes. I don’t like
that. To be ageless like you, I would bar-
gain.”

  “You seem so sure of yourself. I almost
believe you.”

  “I am sure of myself. The mongrels
can manage a successful revolt. But with
the information I can give you, you could
put down that revolt. I can’t say about the
next revolt, or the one after that, or any
of the revolts that will go on as long as
there are men who have minds for figuring
out reasons for revolting. If you try to
force the information from me, I’ll take
the poison.”

  “Would you really do that?”

  He nodded.

  “We could go out there and get the infor-
mation directly from the mongrels.”
“From them, you would find out nothing.
The mongrels don’t know anything. Only
the leaders know, the scientists, the secret
underground. You would never find them.
The revolt is latent in every man beyond
these walls, in every man and woman and
child. The leaders know how to bring out
that latent desire to revolt, when the time
comes. There will be adequate weapons,
too. Like the ones those three ships were
blasted with.”

  He touched her throat. He felt the stir-
ring of the pulse. A flush rose to her
cheeks. “Show me why you haven’t grown
old during this last hundred years, Rhone,
as I have.”

  Her face was near his. He could see
the trembling in her lips, the enigmatic
brightness of her eyes. “You’re attractive,”
she whispered. "And that’s odd, that a
mongrel could be attractive.”

  “There are differences among the mon-

r
MARTIAN NIGHTMARE	95

grels,” Danton said. He moved his hands
down her arms. She shivered a little. “And
maybe there’s a need in you that makes
me seem something I’m not.”

  “That may be, yes. Maybe it isn’t so
easy to live forever. We have all you
would think anyone would want here. But
there are so few of us. And the men—
always the same, with faces the same and
walks the same and—”

  “Then you really are the same Rhone,
the Oligarch of a century ago?”

  “Yes.”

  “And it’s true, you never grow old?”
“It’s true. We won’t grow any older.
'And we’ll never die.”

  She looked into his eyes and the seconds
went by and time dissolved around Dan-
ton. And he thought: the lies I have told
here—are they really a conscious effort
to deceive ? Do I really want, uncon-
sciously, to become an Oligarch? Why
not? He had wondered about it before.
Immortality. A system depending on eter-
nal warfare for its existence. Was this
not his system after all?

  “Come,” she said, and took his arm.
“I’ll show you. You interest me. You’re
a diversion, soldier. I’ll show you what
we are.”

THEY SAT in a small spherical car.
It made no noise. It slid silently
over the smooth floor by working a simple
lever around. It darted like a silver beetle.
First she took him back to a place he re-
membered well. The Pit.

  She didn’t seem to see things actually.
She talked with a calm detachment, and
sometimes her thoughts seemed far away.
Danton’s thoughts weren’t far away.

  She was saying, “The war goes on out-
side the walls. Their culture is one of
war, and that is all they know. We es-
tablished it that way. We intend to keep
it that way. You see this is the Pit; here
the bodies come, the ones who have died.
Here the bodies are sorted roughly onto
the conveyor belts which take them to the
Dismembering Wards.”

  The car whirred them away. The next
station, gleaming white rooms,-shining and
sterile. Danton felt the perspiration stream-
ing down, his throat.

  Electronic machinery examined the'"
bodies, mechanical hands removed them
from the conveyor belts with deft selec-
tivity, deposited them on wheeled, white
slabs.

  “You wifl notice,” Rhone said calmly,
“that the bodies have come through an
antiseptic room, and their clothing dis-
solved. Now they are ready for dismem-
bering.”

  Men in white moved silently down the
line and did their work with sharp, quick
strokes. Scalpels and tiny whirring saws
and the bodies slowly dwindling into iso-
lated parts. There was no blood, no mess,
everything was efficient and thorough and
clean.

  “The usable body-parts are selected
here,” Rhone said. “Notice the depart-
ments along the walls by each slab? They
are refrigerated. They contain separate
sections for each of the salvaged body-
parts that are worth preserving.”

  Behind glass in the walls, Danton saw
neatly placed parts of the bodies. Hearts,
fingers, hands, legs, feet, bone sections,
eyes and interior organs. Kidneys, spleens,
livers, carefully preserved, neatly arranged
and labeled and waiting.

  Danton slowly licked his lips. Her voice
seemed far away now, droning like an
insect on a lazy day far from anywhere,
and the endless length of that room seemed
dust-mantled and still, so still, he thought,
and unreal; but it was real.

  “From here, any part of a human body
can be replaced by our surgeons. Here is
the source of our immortality. When any
body organ becomes worn, it is replaced.
We are stocking our body-banks, soldier.
As you can see.”

  Danton could see. What he saw was
blurring a little though, and his legs
seemed numb when he tried to move them.

  “Why does it affect you so?” she was
asking him then, and he turned and looked
at her.

 “Why?”

  He didn’t really know, or else his brain
wasn’t functioning at the moment. Why?
It was beyond horror. It was alien, and
yet why should it be alien? As a soldier,
why should he find it disturbing? He had
been conditioned, and his conditioning had
96

PLANET

STORIES

allowed him to destroy millions by press-
ing buttons, by directing missiles he never
saw in flight to a target he never saw
dissolve in a great white-hot flame.

  Here it was planned, and here death
had some transcendental meaning.

  “There’s one more thing for you to
see,” she said.

  A dimly-lighted series of chambers. She
pointed them out. Refrigerated banks. As
far as Danton could see, the long cham-
bers were lined with huge banks. Each
filled with spare body-parts.

  “You see the pattern now, soldier? We
started with a select group. From among
the Oligarchs only the elite of the elite
was selected to come here to Mars. There
are fifty pf us now, as there were fifty
then. No children, of course. Why com-
plicate things?

  “Our slaves out there know nothing ex-
cept that they must fight the Redbirds.
Theirs is a war society. We arranged it
and we’ve perpetuated it, and now it’s the
only life they know—unless your story of
a revolt is true, of course, which I can
hardly believe. They have only the crudest
weapons. The kind of weapons we fought
with on earth, soldier, left little for body-
salvage, did they? We feel we’ve found
the only way of being immortal. Why does
it affect you like this, soldier? Doesn’t it
seem logical and fair to you ?”

ANTON didn’t say anything. He
couldn’t. His throat was dry and his
blood hammered past his temples. She was
putting the question to him, all right; and
in a way it was the same question he had
asked himself more than once. To an effi-
ciently conditioned soldier class, killing
was an end in itself. Why not go on from
there, carry it out to its final denominator?

  “The brain never wears out,” she was
saying, “the only damage possible to it
is due to the wearing out of sup-
plementary body-parts, and they are
seldom used to such a point. And even
parts of the brain can be replaced. We
have blood banks, of course. We cannot
die of natural causes. If death comes from
any kind of violence or accident, we
can bring that body to life again.

  “We are storing up reserve body-parts
to keep us strong and un-aging for as
long as one would care to imagine. When
we are ready, of course, we shall return
to Earth. We have kept that in mind,
naturally. We are almost ready now to
return. On Earth, of course, the same
system will be established—but there our
system will of necessity be slightly dif-
ferent. Perhaps wars will not necessarily
go on unceasingly. There will be breath-
ing spells ... it won’t matter particularly
to us.”

  She looked at Danton closely. “First
we shall wipe out most of the population.
We only need a small stabilized popula-
tion to provide for us.”

  “What about the Redbirds?” Danton
said. His voice sounded weak. It was
weak. “This is their planet, doesn’t—”
“Their bodies are too alien,” she said.
“They can’t be of any benefit to us. Ex-
cept, of course, they provide conflict for
the mongrels.”

  Danton closed his eyes. There was no
more confusion. He knew now where the
road led if you stayed on it to its end.
It ended here with bodies stacked up in
refrigerators. It ended with the cancella-
tion of all human values, except the values
of the fifty select—and they were no
longer human in any familiar sense.

  He felt sick, very sick. It might be
embarrassing, he was so sick. He said,
“I don’t feel very well. Maybe I could
rest here for a few minutes?”

  She laughed. She stopped laughing, and
Danton heard the sound of doors sliding
and the approach of softly moving feet.
Two Oligarchs — Guards, evidently, for
each wore a flash-gun at his side. And be-
tween them—

  Danton didn’t quite believe what he
saw, and if what he saw was true, he
didn’t know whether to be glad or not.
Keith and Van Ness. The latter was
terribly wounded, his face a red smear,
blood soaking his side. And Keith—Keith,
Danton had decided, was a dangerous man.

  One of the Oligarchs said, “We brought
them directly to you, on Weisser’s orders.
Weisser talked to them, then sent them
down here. He said that you would
know—”
MARTIAN NIGHTMARE

97

  She raised her hand and the Oligarch
guard stopped talking. Danton looked at
Keith’s rigid, white face. Keith’s lips
thinned back over his teeth as he grinned
at Danton. “Captain,” he said. “I guess
you beat me to the punch. I see you’re
already on friendly terms.”

  Van Ness moaned softly and fell to
his knees. He stared sightlessly from his
broken face.

  Danton said, “I thought you two were
gone for good.”

  “So did we,” Keith said. “But the Red-
birds dropped us over a tower, down
a chute. I don’t know why.”

  Rhone said, “The Redbirds fight for
us too. We pay them. For every body
they bring to us, they receive pay. A
kind of drug.”

  She stared from Danton to Keith, then
at Van Ness. “You three seem to know
one another. I’ll find out from Weisser.”
She started to tune in the communicator
on her wrist. Keith stopped her. “Don’t
bother,” he said. “I’ve already talked to
Weisser. This man here has been lying.
I’ll tell you the truth.”

  Danton had been afraid of this. “Keith!
Don’t tell them anything!” But he knew
somehow that his own game was over.
It had never had a chance. Even without
Keith’s selling out, it wouldn’t have had
a chance. It was walking the road bravely
that counted, anyway ... >

  Keith said, “I’m talking, and I’ll be
glad to talk.”

  Danton shouted, “Keith! Don’t do it.
Don’t tell them anything. You don’t real-
ize what they are!”

  “It doesn’t matter,” Keith said, “what
they are. I’ve been on the wrong side.
Maybe I was always an Oligarch, and
it’s probably the same with you, only
you’re just too stupid to admit it. You
think I want to go back to Earth, even
if we had a chance to do it, which we’ll
never have? I hate Earth, and maybe I
always have hated it—the way the New
Order remade it! It’s sane! Everyone an
angel, filled to the hair roots with the milk of
human kindness. We found it no place
for us. Weisser says he’ll take me in.
I know where I belong!”

7—Planet—J anuary

RHONE STOOD UP in the car, look-
ing into Danton’s face. “It’s true
then. The three of you are from Earth.
I thought they were planning a culture
down there that couldn’t possibly be ag-
gressive. How could they have sent you?”
Danton’s eyes went from face to face,
round the immediate area of the vast
chamber. Keith was grinning thinly, watch-
ing him narrowly. This was it, and there
seemed nothing to do but to go down
fighting in the classic vein. A futile ges-
ture, but what else?

  He said, “It was done in secret. Only
we three and one other knew about the
flight.” Tell the truth. It might keep them
from invading Earth for a while. If they
thought Earth had an army they would
strike before Earth grew any stronger.
The truth might keep them quiescent for
a while longer. “The new social system
there, it has no conception of warfare or
violence. You wouldn’t understand it. And
they wouldn’t understand you, not now.”
"You used our ship to get here,” she
said. “That would indicate that you have
no ships of your own there?”

  Danton nodded. Keith laughed, a thin
high laughter. He moved toward Rhone.
He dropped to one knee and raised his
hands to her. “They have no armaments,
no ships. Psychologically they have no
power to resist. Weisser said I could be-
come one of you.”

  Danton pushed Rhone from the car.
He shoved the control lever and the car
whirled violently, slammed into the fore-
most Oligarch guard, sent him spinning
across the metal floor. The car swerved
again, struck down the other guard. Dan-
ton jumped free, ripped the weapon from
the man’s waist. The guard was groaning
and his hands were sliding about vaguely
over the floor.

  The hand-gun was familiar. It was sim-
ilar to the flash-guns used by the guards
on Earth a century before; there would
have been no need to have altered that
weapon.

  Keith ran at him, kicked out, and Dan-
ton fired. Keith went to his knees and
looked at Danton dully and then fell for-
ward. He rolled over and lay there, grin-
ning blankly at nothing at all,

■J
98	PLANET STORIES

  Deliberately, without feeling anything,
Danton burned the life out of the two
Oligarchs who had lain stunned where
they fell. As he spun back, the woman
stood stiffly almost up against him. He
had expected her to atteinpt to run away.

  She said softly, “I'%iow what it is
now. It’s because you’rfr’•human. It’s hu-
man to grow older. It’s human to die.
Maybe we have the wrong idea, or maybe
we’ve approached it wrong, I don’t know.
It doesn’t matter now. I—”

  He pressed the flash-gun toward her.
She didn’t seem to notice the gun. She
continued to look at his face, into his
eyes, searching, for something he couldn’t
tell what, and he didn’t care.

  “Did you know you have gray eyes,”
she whispered, “and that they deepen, get
darker and darker?”

  “No.”

  “No. No one ever told you.”

  Mara had told him. He barely remem-
bered that time when she had told him.

  She put her slightly opened mouth
against his lips and pulled him closer.

  He pulled the trigger. Her body quiv-
ered as though from the kiss, and then
he stepped away and she fell at his feet.
He wasn’t thinking now. There was no
time for that. He lifted her, carried her
toward one of the refrigerated banks.
Her skin had turned a mottled ugly color
and her eyes were open and rigid. Quite
suddenly her eyes moved up into her
head, and ugly groups of purple little
veins appeared underneath the skin.

  He put her on the frosty floor of the
huge bank. Around her, like some hideous
garnishing, were eyes that looked at her
accusingly. He dragged the two Oligarch
guards and Keith’s corpse into another
bank, slammed the heavy door. Van Ness
groaned and Danton lifted him into the
car.

  “I can’t see,” Van Ness whispered. “I
can’t see. I’m dying.”

  “Hang on,” Danton said. “Only fifty
Oligarchs, understand, Van? Forty seven
now. Maybe less if those seven I shot
down in the pit didn’t all recover. Maybe
we can get some more of them, Van!”
“I’m dying,” Van Ness whispered. “I
can’t see.”

DANTON tooled the car. As he ap-
proached doors in the long tubular
halls, the doors opened automatically,
closed again behind. There were turns,
drops, risings, more doors, other halls.

   He stopped the car. Lost, alone, some-
where. Only fifty of them—no, forty-seven
now at most. They wouldn’t have too
large a structure here. Somewhere there
would have to be a central power source.
If he could find such a power unit, strike
at the heart—

He shook Van Ness. He felt for the
heart. It was still beating. Van Ness
moaned, “I’m dying. If I could see—”
“Do you know what I’m saying, Van?
Can you hear me?”

  “Yes . . . sure I can hear you.”
“Listen to me. We’re in the Oligarch’s
fortress. I don’t know how big it is. But
it seems to be one unified structure. There
has to be a central power source here.
You were an engineering expert. Where
would it be? Van, listen. There are only
a handful of Oligarchs here' now. We
stand a slim chance . .

  “But I can’t see—”

  “I can see.”

  “Yes—a central power source. I remem-
ber the words to an old song, Captain.
You know, soldiering used to be a great
sport. There was one about a chocolate
soldier with a uniform so pretty . . .”
“Van Ness!”

  “Yes.”

  “Where would they build that central'
power room? Up? Down?”

  “Down.”

   He started the car moving. Oddly curv-
ing and angling corridors bending with
geometrical precision. He saw an elevator
door and he pressed the button; the door
opened and he drove the car into it. Down,
fast, sickeningly fast.

“Bottom . . . clear down,” Van Ness
mumbled. “Start from there. I can’t see—”
Danton kept the elevator dropping and
then it stopped. He hadn’t stopped it.

  He stepped to the side as the door
slid open. He hit the entering Oligarch,
hit him with a. short hard blow in the
solar plexus and when the man gasped
and bent forward, Danton brought his
knee up. Bone and cartilage crunched. The
MARTIAN NIGHTMARE

99

man slewed to one side, and Danton hit
him again and the man smashed into the
wall and slid down toward the floor.

  “I can’t see,” Van Ness said. “But what
I hear has a sweet sound.”

  Danton dragged the Oligarch up, held
him against the wall. The man sagged and
lifted his hands to protect his face. His
lips were torn, his nose bleeding’. He stared
dazedly at Danton, his eyes filled with
terror, shock.

  “Wha—” he started to say something.
Danton pushed his flash-gun into the
man’s middle. And the Oligarch screamed.
Danton’s voice chopped into the scream.

  “I’m going to kill you,” Danton said.
“Unless you tell me what I want to know.
Tell me where the power rooms are, the
central power units.”

  The man shook his head, no.

  Danton moved the gun around, pressed
the stud. Burning flesh, and the Oligarch
jerked away and fell twitching on the
floor, his left leg charred from the knee
down. He sat and stared at the leg, and
he started whimpering. He reached down
with his fingers, then drew them back
again.

  “Tell me,” Danton said. “Or what’s left
of you, even the body parts from your
banks won’t put back together again.”
The Oligarch murmured, and he had
changed his mind.

HE OLIGARCH led them into the
gigantic room, then collapsed. Dan-
ton killed him where he lay. Danton rec-
ognized some of the equipment, though
he was no nucleonics or electronics expert
as Van Ness had been. “Listen to this,
Van. Listen to me!”

  “Yes . . ”

  Danton told what he saw. He was Van
Ness’ eyes. The generators, huge oscillo-
scopes, vacuumtube voltimeters, electronic
power-supply panels, rolls and skeins of
hook-up wire, shielding of every color,
size and shape, panel plates, huge racks
of glowing tubes, elaborate transceivers,
long solid surfaces of gleaming bakelite,
color-indexed files of resistors and capa-
citances . . .

  Van Ness told Danton what to do.
Van Ness took a long time to say a few

words, and after that he didn’t seem to
be able to say anything else. He didn’t
move either. Danton released the force of
the flash-gun, left the gun in the position
Van Ness had indicated, its beam burning
deep into the .heart of the complicated
soul of the Oligarch fortress.

  He would have taken Van Ness with
him, but Van Ness wasn’t interested any-
more. He was dead. Danton left him. He
would remember Van Ness alive as long
as he was capable of remembering any-
thing. Van Ness as clay he had already
forgotten.

  He ran toward the elevator. As it
whirred upward, he felt the reverberation,
the trembling, the beginnings of a low
deadly murmuring. The elevator con-
continued to rise smoothly, carrying Dan-
ton and the car, but Danton felt a giddy
swaying like that of an earthquake.

  A social system strictly of the top-
down variety. But in the final analysis,
the top wasn’t the mind of Rhone or of
Weisser. It was something above both
of them, above the Oligarchs. Machines.
And above the machines, generators and
switches and volts and tubes.

  The electronic interdependence was go-
ing insane within the fortress, like the
intricate cellular structure of a mind
within a skull.

  In a hall somewhere in a catacomb of
metal, Danton sat in the car, wondering
which way to go, wondering if it would
make any difference now, feeling the for-
tress above, below, all around him, break-
ing apart.

  What about the Oligarch spaceships ?
Perhaps they were someplace else, away
from, here, and they would survive the
destruction of the fortress. And maybe
one or two or three Oligarchs would also
survive. Even one ship, one Oligarch, re-
turning to Earth, would be one too many.

  He was looking at the far door as it
slid open and a car sped through, skim-
ming along the polished metal floor fran-
tically, desperately. The occupant of the
car, a woman, took no notice of Danton.
Her face was damp and pale with fear
as her car sped past. Her machines were
forsaking her. Her efficiency, her gadgets
and the tremendous power that had existed
100

PLANET STORIES

for so long at her fingertips, were disin-
tegrating, and she appeared to be disinte-
grating with them.

  She would be intent only on escape,
of course, not realizing that without her
machines, she was doomed. But she might
find a temporary escape from the death
around her, the metal walls of the gi-
gantic coffin.

  Van Ness was gone. And Keith—con-
vinced that soldiering was an end in it-
self, rather than a means to an end—had
found the inevitable end for a soldier.

  Danton wondered about that. He knew
one thing—that the test was yet to come
for him. He was not sure yet that Keith
had not been right . . .

  He followed the woman through a door
into a chamber. It was a nice room, Dan-
ton thought. A great deal of pleasure had
drifted through this room, and in it, time
had probably never meant anything. Per-
fumed incense. Music, drifting, still rising
from somewhere, pneumatic couches—but
underneath something was cracking open,
veins and arteries of power choking,
blocked off; but the power had to go some-
where; short-circuit, the madness of a
great machine-mind.

  The woman had opened a panel, and
beyond her, Danton could see the Martian
afternoon. He had never seen a Martian
afternoon before. It was beautiful, he
thought, though he was hardly in a posi-
tion to study or appreciate it properly.
Then he saw what she was doing—the
woman was escaping out the panel. There
must be some way she was planning to
get safely to the ground outside. It seemed
to be d long way down.

  But she wasn’t worried about that.

  She jumped. She looked back at Dan-
ton, her face pale and twisted, then she
jumped. Danton ran, looked out. He
looked out just in time to see her body
hit. It was too far down for anyone to
go that way. Her body bounced a little.

INSANE, Danton thought. They had
each become such component parts of
the bigger machine that very likely they
were all going crazy now, right along
with the machine. And the machine wasn’t
going to last much longer either, insane

or otherwise. It was beginning to quiver,
to shake and shudder, and its metal skin
was beginning to groan and twist. Its metal
joints were grinding together, its skein
nerves wrenching and singing.

  Danton looked around hurriedly. He
saw the wires again, everything suspended
by wires, shiny and strong. He gave a
heavy table slab—legless, of course, a
suspended disc of metal—he gave it a
tremendous shove and it began to swing
to and fro; it made a heavy pendulum,
swinging wider and wider, and it began
to crash into other suspended things, into
chairs and into weird sculpture, crashing
through structural images and distorted
faces of metal. It made a sound like off-
key bells bonging and clanging.

  Wires finally snapped with a whine and
Danton felt the hot sharpness as a strand
cut across his arm, sinking in like the
slash of a knife. He pushed the table slab
to the wall, against the window. He man-
aged to get several strands of the wire
tied together by complicated knot designs.
He yanked down an ornamental drape
that seemed to have a swirling life of
its own, made sheaths for his hands from
finely-woven metallic cloth, and looped
the wire three times around the metal
sheathing.

  He slid down toward the ground. It
was further down than it had seemed
from above. The wind was high and cold
and strong. He began to sway dangerously
and the wind threatened to tear him from
the wire.

  He glanced upward. The structure of
the Oligarchs was huge, a shining silver
metal thing of coldness rising up out of
bare rocks. It was built on the side of a
cliff, very high, and very far below was
a valley. Perhaps it was the valley in
which he had landed . . . no, that must
have been far away from here. He saw
no lake. But, of course, the valley itself
stretched windingly away further than he
could see.

  He ran out of wire. He managed to
lift his weight with one arm enough to
unwrap the wire coils from the other.
That gave him another three feet. He
dropped. Pain came from a wrenched an-
kle and the shock of the weight on his
MARTIAN NIGHTMARE

101

bones. But he hit running and he kept on
running.

  For somehow, though he had killed her,
she was alive.

  Just before dropping he had seen her,
running away from the Oligarch tower.
Running along a steel walkway. A fine-
mesh railing separated the walkway from
a sheer drop of at least a thousand feet.
It was Rhone. She was running fast, too.
Very fast.

  He ran hard. He didn’t feel the pain
in his ankle. He couldn’t afford to feel any-
thing now except urgency. The cold thin
air burned.

  She stopped and he stopped too, flat-
tening against the hard rust-colored rock.
She was pushing a lever or something;
whatever it was it got results. A silver
nose projected outward from the cliff,
slanting slightly upward; it blossomed out
as though someone were blowing a silver
bubble from stone. Out and out. It
stopped.

  It was a spaceship, all right. Danton
figured that the power shut-off had pre-
vented her from reaching the ship from
a subterranean route. Evidently rigged for
such an emergency, the wall of the cliff
could also summon the ship out into the
open, prepare it for blasting off from a
cradle cut down into the cliff like a giant
cannon barrel.

  When the outer door in the side of the
ship opened, Rhone ran for it. Danton
was right behind her. She heard him just
as she went through and into the air-lock.
She turned, her mouth opened, and then
he struck her with his shoulder, carried her
on through the inner air-lock door and into
the tubular corridor leading forward into
the control room.

  He dragged her forward with him as
the doors closed behind him. The con-
trols were the same in principle as those
of the ship he had brought from Earth.
Once set, they were automatic. He strapped
Rhone in the shock-seat at the side. He
strapped himself into the chair before the
control panel . . .

SEERS, Secretary of Social Security,
was a fat man with a serious round
slate-gray face. He looked at Danton

                       in thrilling ad-
  venture and fast-action stories read
  Fiction House Magazines.

Look for the bull’s-eye on
the covers . . .

Two Complete

   SCIENCE-ADVENTURE BOOKS
 INDIAN	PLANET
 SHEENA	FOOTBALL
 JUNGLE	BASEBALL
 Two Complete DETECTIVE BOOKS
 TWO WESTERN BOOKS
 TWO WESTERN ACTION BOOKS

thoughtfully, waited. Outside the office of
Sociology Section in New World Square,
the sky was a soft and promising blue.

  Finally Seers said, “Well, Danton, what
happened then?”

  Danton shrugged. “First I dropped
enough atomic fire to finish destroying the
Oligarch fortress completely, and to get
any ships that might have been left inside
the mountain. There’s nothing there now
but a big black crater. I don’t think there
will ever be any need to worry about
the Oligarchs anymore. I landed the ship
in the Pacific in as isolated a spot as I
could find—midway between New Zea-
land and Cape Horn. Then I contacted you
by short wave. And here I am and here
you are. And I guess that’s all there is.”
“Why did you bring Rhone back?”

  “I had no choice,” Danton said. “I guess
when I killed her and put her in the re-
frigeration bank, that saved her life. Some
surgeon did a quick job on her.” Danton
leaned toward Seers. “If all of it, or any
of it, really happened.”

“What makes you think it didn’t?”
“For one thing, I’m back here alive,
an impossible mission accomplished. For
another—I—well, this time I want to be
reconditioned.”
102	PLANET

  “Your experience has changed your out-
look, Danton?”

  “Considerably. I—want to be changed.
I want to be someone else, anything else.
I’ve seen things too horrible to remember
anyway. I’d rather forget everything. It
could all have been delusion, hallucination
rigged up in your psyche <, labs. As Keith
said—you boys are good at that sort of
thing. If that’s how it was—it was good
therapy. There’s a doubt in my mind, you
see. It might have happened, and just the
bare possibility that it did happen is
enough to make me gladly volunteer for
reconditioning.”

  Seers nodded. “I’m very glad you’re
approaching it this way. It will make the
processing easier to perform, and the new
personality easier to maintain. We prob-
ably will never need your kind again, Dan-
ton. Now that the Oligarchs are gone,
the last threat to our new system is gone
with them. The chance of some other in-
telligent life-form being in the universe
at all is remote, and the further chance
that they would take aggressive action
against Earth makes the whole thing some-
thing we can logically ignore.”

  “That’s fine,” Danton said.

  “You’ve seen where the psychology of
War would lead, inevitably. If you can
justify killing human beings at all, the
final result is bound to be, in some form
or another, what you saw on Mars.”

  “If I actually saw it. If I was on Mars
3t all.”

  Seers signaled through the intercom. A
door opened. Rhone stood there, a tablet
in her hand, and a pencil. She sat down
and crossed attractive legs. Very attractive
legs, Danton thought.

  “Miss Tannon, this is Richard Danton.
Mr. Danton, my new secretary, Miss Tac-
tion.”

  She nodded, turned her nose down once
more, very business-like, into the tablet.

  Danton thought, It’s Rhone all right.
A reconditioned Rhone: They must be
good at their reconditioning to change an

STORIES

Oligarch mind into that of an efficient
secretary. Danton said, “What about the
others up there on Mars?”

  “We’ll take care of them, peacefully
of course,” Seers said. “We have plenty
of time. We won’t bring them back. We
will set up our new system there.”
Danton listened to Seers’ dictation. “To
Chief Psyche-adjustment Administrator.
From Seers, Department of Social Se-
curity. Subject: Voluntary reconditioning
of Richard Danton. To take place at once
under the jurisdiction of . .

  There was more. Danton didn’t hear it
. . and later they injected something
into his veins and he sat there, feeling
Richard Danton dying, for the last time,
going away. Richard Danton, fading out,
all around him bit by bit, cell by cell,
dying, never to awaken again. And re-
membering what he had experienced on
Mars, Danton thought: It’s as good a
reward as anyone could ask. Goodbye, Ri-
chard Danton. It was nice knowing you,
but Goodbye . . .

 TJIS NAME WAS BURTON.
1 x John R. Burton.

  He zvas as happy as anyone could ex-
pect to be. His zuife loved him and he
loved his zvife. Their children were very
well adjusted, as was everyone of course
in the New World System.

  Burton worked ten hours a week in a
coal mine, though the job zvas merely one
demanding the overseeing of machines.
The rest of the week \iVas one of leisure
devoted to gardening, hobbies, play, music.
There was no more hate, no violence, no
feelings of insecurity. It zvasn’t that every-
one loved everyone else particularly. It was
just that no one zvas afraid of the future
anymore.

  And Burton zvas no longer bothered by
bad dreams either, and so he zvas what
one might consider perfectly happy, per-
fectly adjusted.

  The perfect happiness of one who does
not remember.
THE VIZIGRAPH	103

(Continued from page 2)

  P.S. Who has back issues for sale or trade?
PLANET STORIES back issues, I mean.

SAVED FROM INSANITY?

Rochester, Indiana

Dear Traitor:

  Don’t take that too seriously; you may turn
out all right after all. I hope!

  .What am I talking about? (Dear Visifans: At
this point, I upped with my blue pencil and as-
sisted a goodly chunk of reader DeWeese’s sage
syntax into the wastebasket... and the next fan
who sends us a five page letter may expect to
have it returned to him, lightly sprinkled with
various deadly bacilli. Three pages at the outside,
pul-lee 31—Ed.)

  Now, on to ye Vizigraph. And there I’d like to
register a big fat gripe. Who was the jerk re-
sponsible for chucking the old illo? I don’t think
it was you, Jelly Bean, as it disappeared long be-
fore you arrived. But can’t you do something
about getting it back? The one being used now is
slightly revolting. And besides, I liked the orig-
inal, the one you've used ever since the first
Vizigraph. The cut certainly wasn’t lost, I hope ?
Like what happened to one of the competimags?
Oh, well, just try and get it back. (Did, and got
it. Good idea.—Ed.)

  Egad! An English prof in La Viz. Could it be
that Sneary’s deathless prose brought him in?
Incidentally, wonder what Sam would give me
for this effort. Last year in my English class, I
took a couple B's because, so said ye prof, my
handwriting, which I had to use, was so rotten.

  Well, hooray for Mr. Drinkwater (Rodric
Cadwalleder Drinkwater???? Good Heavens! is
that a name? I had heard of such things but I
never thot they were anything other than a
hoomer writer’s half-hearted attempt at hoomer.)
He saved me from slow insanity. I had been try-
ing to figure out ever since I read that letter about
the half-life' of uranium why a small piece of
uranium would disintegrate completely in such-
and-such a time if it had already been half-dis-
integrated in the past, while another small piece,
never before disintegrated, would take twice that
long. (Oh, Mr. Drinkwater, I didn't know you
were listening! I’m sorry! Your name is beautiful.
That is, I have heard worse—donno where, but
I have.)

  I suppose I should vote for the “letters.” I
don’t gotta do all three, I hope? Anahoo, I’ll give
first to James Stewart for his first paragraph.
Reeeeeellllll cute. And his first effort? James, boy,
meet another first-effort-in-PS-16-year-old. You
(he, dear ed?) (Who? What’s going on here?—
Ed!) sound like you are interested more than
somewhat in astronomy. So’m I. In fact, I think
that my interest in astronomy led me to start
reading stf (Muh first mag was Planet nearly
seven years ago, with Hankutt’s EYES OF
THAR). Well, enough of that revolting drivel.

  Oh, yes, stories. You do run a few of those
things, don’t you? Vellll, I’ll give first spot to
your new discovery, Liddell. But just what goes?
I’d still like to know what the he . . . heck the
“pool” and “mountain” was all about. All I
got from it was that all the real tough guys
that dropped dead on Venus were made into
d’vahnyans. But where did the pool come from in
the first place, huh? And what sort of a critter

was the monster that guarded it? I always thot
that stf stories were supposed to end with a
logical, scientific explanation and only fantasies
left things like the origin of the main thing in
the story unexplained. And this little tale could
stand a sequel, if only to explain where the pool,
etc. came from.

  And of course, second comes MITKEY RIDES
AGAIN. It wasn’t quite as good as the original
(which I read otjjy last winter in a second-hand
mag) but still quite a thing. Pore Mitkey! Won't
he and Minnie ever get to keep their intelligence?
Couldn't be that there’ll be another, something
like MITKEY RIDES AGAIN ONCE MORE
YET? I think we could all take it very easily.
Only how come Lynch didn’t illustrate it as he
did the original ? This Mayan is something of a
stinker as far as art goes. Oh, Gad! A boner.
Mayan didn’t dun it. Vestal did. Well, he is the
same, only a little worser. (YOU DIDN’T LIKE
VESTAL’S STARMOUSE ILLUSTRA-
TIONS? ... oh, well... Ed.)

  I bin thinkin’ it over. Second place in letters
goes to Hapke. He agrees with me about your
hack Goo'fur him.

  Back to the stories. Now comes CARGO TO
CALLISTO. Cute (Okay, so it’s overworked. I
substitute) Nice (Still no good?) Off-trail (Uh-
uh?) Small and agreeable (?) little tale. Joe was
a rather stupid little stinker, tho, wasn’t he? Took
him an awful long time to realize what was
going on.

 Next there’s a tie. SIDEWINDERS FROM
SIRIUS & MACHINE OF KLAMUGRA.
Neither one had much of a plot, both had un-
usually horrible blurbs, “...fearless ace of Ter-
restrial G2” ... “... stood at the brink of the
vast amphitheatre . . How droopy can you get?
That former sounds like a fugitive from Hang-
dog Strongheart, Infallible, Invincible Hero of
the Spaceways. The guy that writes such junk
should be taken out and strung up by his typing
finger. The latter, the story, not the blurb, was too
obvious. I suppose it was supposed to be a sur-
prise ending, but anyone who has graduated from
high-school, even grade-school, should know that
that would be a negative number and that it's
impossible to find the square root of a negative
number.

  Coppel's offering was pretty good, but I put it
way down here because of his awful epilogue.
"These two lived in memory ... as Adam and
Eve.” Now I'd just like to know who didn’t figure
that out before they were half way through? The
names, Aram, Deve, Santane, The Serpent, were
dead giveaways. Then that business about the
third planet being paradise, and last, but by no
means least, the fifth planet being bombarded into
our asteroid belt. If he had just come right out
and said that this was humanity’s ancient past,
I could have forgiven him; but trying to make
it into a “surprise” ending cooked his lousy little
goose. He should stick to his hack, which he is
very good at, second only in his Martian tales to
la Brackett. ( Get G. F. Fox and Brackett back!!).

  Last, and by all means, least, is FINAL MIS-
SION. That is sub-standard for the magazine, so
far below the usual MacDonald as to be next to
impossible. If he had continued and made it into
a novel, it might have been something. They could
have gone on out into space and found out what
that thing they had seen beyond Antares was.
Now that would have made a story. As it was, it
was just a prologue to a novel or novelette.
104	PLANET

  Now, the cover: Izzat green gink the hero or
the BEM ? And how come his face is green while
his hands are brownish? Or is that the effect o£
his helmet? And where’s hers? Very good despite
all that. This Anderson is very, very good, cover
or interior. Get more of him.

  Oil, no! Don’t tell me, after all this work, that
this epistle is too late? Ah’ll just shoot mahself,
that’s what. Shoot mahself a bird for dinner, that
is. (Okay, okay, boys, I’ll go quietly. Put away
the nets and strait-jacket.)

  I go now. Hello.

Eugene DeWeese

SHOES AND STF

Portland, Oregon

Dear Jerome:

  Hmm... well, well... so my letter made the
grade, eh? Very good. Name in print and all that.
A thrill. One might quibble that the page upon
which it appeared was not too well inked, nor was
the paper of superlative quality—too, the K in
Kyne had a faulty serif—however, one will not
bleat about such trifles, but will instead express
gratitude for one of the heartiest yaks one has
had in several months, namely: . something he
disagreed with ate him.” Oh, you Bix!... you
devil... what must you be like with the women!
(Arf!—Ed.)

  Anyhoo, to the stories.

  CARRY ME HOME: Liddel, as I said in my
last letter, is one corking beautiful writer, and I
mean writer, quite apart from the very excellent
quality of his science-fiction thought. The man
knows people; he knows words; he explores one
with the other with a depth and—if I may use the
term—a tenderness most uncommon in the pulps.
CARRY ME HOME is on all counts one of the
best jobs I’ve encountered in the commercial field,
stf or no. More, more—forgive me for sound-
ing like a ’ittle fan—MORE!

 THE LAST TWO ALIVE! Sound enough'
opera; I presume, however, that you intend to
improve the quality of your lead stuff as you de-
plete your predecessor’s back-log? Opera can be
somewhat more cerebral than this and still zip
along at an action-packed rate, as witness any-
thing van Vogt has ever written.

  MITKEY: not up to the original, but what
could be? Entertaining, worth reading. Illustra-
tions very good.

MACHINE OF KLAMUGRA: a clever if ele-
mentary plot, well handled and quite well written.

 SIDEWINDERS FROM SIRIUS : Hah! Hah
again! A double twist and a really obnoxious
Holmesian slob for a hero. A good parody indeed.

  FINAL MISSION: a quiet, unusual little tale;
Ma Donald had a nice idea and tied it up with
his tamiliar dexterity. Pathos and a sour taste,
followed by a warming of the heart.

  CARGO TO CALLISTO: this, sir, is doubt-
lessly something left over from PS’s old regime.
Though the writing was in places top-notch the
total worth of the story was disappointingly far
less than that nf the same author’s superb THE
CROWDED COLONY in the last issue.

  DIANETICS: Well, if it’s as good as Ron and
the boys claim, it most certainly is an earth-
sliaker. Yes, I’ve bought the book. I’m reading it;
I intend to thoroughly investigate. Anyone would
be an idiot not to do at least that.

Forrest J. Ackerman, I say with what respect
may be due, is one of the cutest damn tilings in all

STORIES

Fandom. Ah-hah-hah-ha-ha-ha-ho-ho-ho-hee-hee-
hee-hee-hee-ee.

  As you see above, I am now in Portland, which
I managed to finagle and which makes me very
happy, for, when not selling shoes, I shall be able
to attend the Norwescon. For Ackerman’s bene-
fit, I am six-foot three.

Yours truly,

Raoul D, Kyne

UNWILLING WINNER

24 Kensington Ave.

Jersey City 4, N. J.

Dear Jerry :

  Three things generally make me rather casual
in my regard for PS. One is the arbitary two-
pages length, double-spaced, of this letter; an-
other is that, if any of my letters were ever good
enough, I should have to tell you that I have
absolutely no use, need, nor desire for illustration
originals. The third is that PLANET does not lift
me to immortal altitudes of ecstasy.

  To me, thud-and-blunder stf is nothing to rave
about. But I do not denounce thud-and-blunder;
for various reasons, I’m glad we got it! Your
competitors, which I read with oxygen mask con-
veniently handy, sometimes do attain high alti-
tudes—:but more often, alas, the result is more
in the nature of chemical warfare. And while
PLANET never promises to plant me in the
clouds, it usually does provide a quiet hammock’s
hour or two in the shade of a cool back porch. I
would as soon speak against T&B stf as denounce
comic books, movie serials, and western horse-
operas. Or beer.

  Like to add Sam to this flot and jet, since his
(Merwin’s) mags made the same mistake in spell-
ing Isaac Asimov’s name as yours. May I suggest
that, just for the sheer hell of it, both you and
Sam enter a pact to make the name “Azimov” a
house pseudonym? (There’d be plenty hell, all
right ... I don’t know about Sam, but Isaac can
lick me any day of the week—Ed.) Or maybe I
should start using the pseudonym, “Joe Azimov,”
hmmm? Surely, the greatest compliment is to
imitate!

  Fred Brown could make something big of this
Mitkey character. It would probably be necessary
for Mitkey to renounce his rodent’s happy exist-
ence and, at the same time, renounce human
idiosyncrasies which don’t apply to him—a fine
study in individualism that would bring sweat and
curses from any author trying to write it. But it
would probably be good, thoughtful satire.

  This dianetics deal has me muttering dark mut-
terings. So maybe it’s good. So maybe it isn’t
good. So maybe it would seem to be good, but—

  Without plunging into Hubbardisms, it seems
that this dianetic therapy soups up the mental
cylinders by boring out the demon-circuits.
Demon-circuits like the guy who’s afraid of dogs
because his first dog scared him, such “dogs” also
referring to poverty, sex, racial and religious
prejudices, what-liave-we. The thesis is that it all
starts before birth and proceeds developing with
growth and balls up our thinking processes_ more
and more as we grow older. The therapy claims to
go back to the beginning and erase the entire
demon-circuits by attacking their source. This is
my terminology, of course; not Hubbard’s.

Now, if it does, it certainly ought to soup up
our mental ability, But is it good to lose those
THE VIZIGRAPH	105

demon-circuits, ev»n though they do hamper us?
I recall combat vets who had a slight inclination
to belly into the gutter when a Rocket “88" went
buzz-z-zing past, when they got back and walked
down the home-town street. Certainly a lunatic
impulse, from a civilian point of view. But sup-
pose they go back into combat and that thing buzz-
z-zing past ain’t no Oldsmobile? And how many
other demon-circuits are there that, while purely
lunatic and mentally hampering most of the time,
have kept the human species in existence through
moments of real danger ? Have dianetics’ “clears"
lost some vital survival factor? Danger often
comes with such an emotional shock that even the
most efficient analytical thinking would have a
tough time coping with it. And what’s never
dangerous ?

  What we may have, here, is a new definition of
the “fittest” who survive!

Joe Gibson

WICKHAM ON DIANETICS...

19 W. 27th Street

New York 1, N. Y.

Dear Mr. Bixby :

  I am afraid that this letter will run longer than
the limit you request, but since the subject js dia-
netics, perhaps you won’t mind. I’ll promise, at
least, not to go over Mr. Hubbard’s book point for
point, but to confine myself pretty strictly to the
points raised in James Blish’s brief piece in the
Nov. issue.

  I dislike to pick a fight with Mr. Blish, whose
science-fiction I like, but it happens that when he
talks about psychiatric theory he is entering a field
about which I know something, and I just don’t
like some of the things he says. I'm not in sym-
pathy with encouraging this dianetics craze. It’s
obvious that Mr. Blish is being quite cautious, and
that he hasn’t endorsed dianetics in his article;
but just the fact that Ills article isn’t obviously
damning will be enough to encourage Joe Dope
to take his wife, his dog, and all the fans for
miles around into dianetic therapy. These are my
criticisms, then:

  (1)	Dianetics is not a science. It is obvious
from Hubbard’s book that Hubbard has only a
dim notion of what constitutes a science; he thinks
that if a thing works consistently, then it’s a
science, and that’s that. Unfortunately, true
sciences don’t work on the principle of statistical
successes. In the field of medicine in particular,
there are so many imponderables that it is seldom
possible to say whether the therapy cured the
patient or whether he cured himself.- (Witness
the sudden collapse of the histamine theory of the
common cold). Three hundred people is a ridicu-
lously small series of cases, even statistically con-
sidered ; and have all these “cures" been followed
for five years to make sure they don’t relapse?
The answer is No; and you needn’t take my word
for it Call the Hubbard Dianetic Research Foun-
dation and ask them.

  Furthermore, in order to say with reasonable
certainty whether or not a mental patient has been
“cured,” you have to have a reasonable definition
of what constitutes a cure. It’s not enough to say
that a “clear" has no engrams, so long as there is
doubt whether or not there is such a thing as an
“engram.” Even in the field of psychosomatic dis-
ease, “cures” usually consist simply of a change of
symptoms. People have been hypnotically “cured”
of arthritis; that is, the arthritis has gone away

for quite a long time—but something subtler and
more serious usually appears in place of the
arthritis. (And the “cures” relapse.)

  In the case of dianetic therapy, there is always
the possibility that what is happening is simply
the creation of an overmastering obsessional sys-
tem, which replaces the patient’s other neuroses—
to his apparent benefit, but to his lasting damage
insofar as his contact with reality is concerned.
To be blunt about it, Hubbard would be unable
to detect this, because (a) he lacks knowledge of
previous disciplines, and (b) he has the same
neurosis—he invented it! (Of course one doesn’t
“invent" a neurotic condition, but one can supply
the details.)

  The “experiments” which Hubbard has asked
laymen to perform upon each other are not experi-
ments; they are just dabbling. No layman is
equipped to tell the differences between a simple
question and a hypnotic suggestion—Hubbard
himself seems to think of hypnotism exclusively
in terms of trances and tricks, whereas hypnotic
suggestions may be given to wide-awake people
without the suggestor being aware of what he is
doing—nor could a layman tell anything about the
truth or falsity of Hubbard’s hypotheses by what
some patient told him in therapy. About the most
worthless thing in any branch of medicine, includ-
ing psychotherapy, is the testimony of the patient,
who is always more than anxious to be “cured”
by any damn thing that is handed him. (Hence the
quacks who make money by giving people sugar
pills—which sometimes do “cure” the patient.)

  (2)	I can add, from my own experiences, that
Mr. Blish is right in saying that the phenomena
described by Hubbard do appear, that they appear
in the order in which Hubbard says they appear,
and that they do seem to produce subjective
changes in the patient. This proves nothing whatso-
ever. The very first thing that happens to a patient,
when he changes methods of psychotherapy, is
that his symptoms change, too. I wonder whether
or not Mr. Blish has worked on any patients who
have not read Mr. Hubbard’s book? If Mr. Blish
has read it, surely his wife has, and I suppose you
have too. Has it occurred to any of you that the
book itself—whatever its intention—offers the
patient a blue-print of how he ought to react in
dianetic therapy, and that therefore a patient in
therapy will need, for his own sanity, to react as
described? Harry Stack Sullivan observed some
time back that there is an enormous drive toward
mental health in everyone, which accounts for the
reason why patients in any psychotherapy improve
somewhat, and why all forms of psychotherapy—
including faith healing—produce some “cures.”
Any help that is offered is gladly accepted and
cooperation extended, except by some psychotics.
Have any of you people worked on any cases who
have no knowledge of dianetic theory?

  (3)	I have to object also to Mr. Blish’s implica-
tion, at the beginning of his article, that nobody up
to Mr. Hubbard knew anything about the opera-
tion of the mind. Mr. Hubbard would like you to
think that this is so, but it isn’t. Nothing whatso-
ever—-I underline that for heavy emphasis—in
dianetics is at all new to psychotherapy. The re-
combination of the elements is new; but the ele-
ments are not. Mr. Hubbard’s theory of the
“reduction” of engrams is Freud’s abreaction;
Mr. Hubbard’s theory of Life Force is findable in
Jung and Bergson; Mr. Hubbard’s apparently
sensational theory of somatic recording comes
from the studies of the anxiety neurosis, particu-
106	PLANET

larly from Mrs. Greenacre’s survey of anxiety-like
somatic reactions in the unborn child; Mr. Hub-
bard’s experimental recovery of material from
"unconscious” periods was duplicated at the be-
ginning of this century by Breuer; Mr. Hubbard’s
emphasis upon the integrity of the patient is
Jungian; Mr. Hubbard’s (and Mr. Campbell’s)
general and specific analogues of the mind to a
computing machine are the intellectual property
Of Dr. Norbert Weiner; and so on. Such identi-
fications may be“hobson-jobsonism”to Mr. Camp-
bell, but it is hard to dismiss them, if you know
something about the material, with that swear-
word.

  (4)	I object to Mr. Blish’s identification of Her-
mitage House as “the publisher of a number of
books... universally acknowledged to be serious
contributions to the field.” It’s no such thing. It is
a publisher of surveys, most of them slanted for
the layman. It does publish works by a number of
reputable people, but none of these works are
original contributions to psychotherapy; they are
simply historical summaries, collations, eclectic
books. If you’re in any doubt about this, consult
Hermitage’s own book list. I’ll award you a large
pink lollipop for every book on that list that you
find that is not simply a survey of previous work
in some part of the field.

  My own advice—not that you asked for it—is
that you, Mr. Blish, and your readers take dia-
netics with a large salt pill. So far, there is not a
single shred of real evidence for it—and the lay-
man is not the least bit obligated to prove Mr.
Hubbard’s claims for him. Let him prove them
for himself, if he can. Maybe he even can—at
least, it’s high time he started trying!

Yrs., &c.,

Al Wickham

. . . BLISH ON DIANETICS

New York, N. Y.

Dear Jerry :

  Mr. Wickham’s letter seems to me to consist
largely of indisputable facts, some of which are
relevant, and some of which are not.

  I'm perfectly willing to agree that dianetics is
not a science, in the sense that Mr. Wickham is
using that word. As he himself has pointed out
(by accident, perhaps?) not even medicine is a
science in this sense; only mathematical sciences
such as physics are, properly speaking, “sciences.”
While I’ll admit that I was—strictly speaking—
wrong in referring to dianetics as a "science,” I
must argue that all the healing arts are based,
largely, upon the principles of statistical successes.
Exact knowledge, in Mr. Wickham’s sense, does
not exist in any branch of medicine yet.

  But Mr. Wickham is right in saying that 300
cases is too small a series to establish a really good
case for dianetics; he is right in saying that the
cures claimed by dianetics have been inadequately
followed, considering what claims have been made
for dianetics; indeed, he might have gone on to
remark that even these 300 cases seem to have
been rather sloppily run—otherwise the Founda-
tion would be much more willing to show us some
of its case-records than it has proven itself to be.
Hubbard and his friends seem to have been in a
tearing hurry to get their therapy to the public,
and in my opinion their haste-was excessive.

  I have to hand, just today, a form letter from
Donald Rogers—who is the Foundation’s research
director—which seems to indicate that the Foun-

STORIES

dation is now convinced of the need for better
evidence and is compiling such evidence. We’ll
have to wait and see whether or not it actually
comes through with it. Rogers seems to have a far
better understanding of what constitutes real evi-
dence than Hubbard does, which is a hopeful sign.

  No, I have no real experience with patients who
have not read Hubbard’s book. The one such
patient with whom I have worked appeared to
respond according to H(oyle)ubbard, but I was
unable to pursue the experiment to anything like
proper confirmation.

  I disagree with Mr. Wickham’s statement that
nothing whatsoever in dianetics, except the mix-
ture, is new to psychotherapy. It’s true, for in-
stance, that the problem of prenatal somatic re-
cording is foreshadowed in the work of Mrs.
Greenacre (and, much more importantly, in the
work of Otto Rank, whom Mr. Wickham does
not mention) but no-one prior to Hubbard has
centered the sources of major mental disturbances
in the prenatal area. As for new principles: No-
one prior to Hubbard has claimed that physical
pain is the one source of all psychic disturbance.
No-one prior to Hubbard has claimed that the
semantic content of pain-experience is the sole
ddterminator of the nature of the subsequent dis-
turbance. No-one prior to Hubbard has claimed
that the actions of concepts upon the mind to
produce illness are wholly literal—if homonymic
—and never symbolic.

  It remains to be proven whether or not these
principles are valid, but I don’t think any of them
are findable in previous psychotherapies, as Mr.
Wickham implies. I’d like to add, though, that
many of the concepts and tests which Hubbard
claims to be his alone are not his intellectual prop-
erty ; and that I think one of the most disturbing
things about dianetic theory to date is Hubbard’s
apparent desire to palm off his many indebted-
nesses as his own discoveries. This does not in
itself make Hubbard’s theories invalid, but it does
make one realize that Hubbard himself is no
saner than the rest of us, and emphasizes Mr.
Wickham’s point that dianetics is not a science—•
and that Hubbard can’t yet be described as a
scientist.

  Freud didn’t behave very much like a scientist,
either. It would have been nice had Hubbard
learned something from Freud’s procedural mis-
takes, but he didn t, and we shall have to swallow
that down with regret and continue to investigate.
I continue to think Hubbard’s theories largely
reasonable, logical, and provable, but certainly
Hubbard’s claim that they are already proven is
a false claim. In this respect dianetics reminds me
overpoweringly of orgone therapy: full of claims
about scientific evidences and proofs, but shifty
and evasive when the proofs are asked for.

  Mr. Wickham’s characterization of Hermitage
House seems to come from the book list on the
back of the dust-jacket for Hubbard’s book. He
should investigate Hermitage’s complete list. Her-
mitage, incidentally, did not publish Hubbard’s
book without some investigation of the claims—
an inadequate investigation, but not an unin-
formed one.

  Mr. Gibson’s points, being purely hypothetical,
don’t have quite the same air of urgency as Mr.
Wickham’s; after all, before we discuss what
might or might not be the characteristics of clears,
we have to be sure that there is such a thing as a
clear. I think his questions could best be answered
by a re-reading of Hubbard’s book, which plainly
THE VIZIGRAPH

107

 explains the difference between a demon-circuit
 and a training pattern. There is virtually no likeli-
 hood, to use his example, that an avoiding-reaction
 to the noise of the buzz-bomb would be engram-
 mic, in most cases. Not all automatic reactions are
 engrammic, by any means. As for the elan vitale, it
 is Hubbard’s claim that dianetic therapy increases
 the amount of it available to the organism as a
 whole, rather than the other way around.

   As for Mr. Wickham’s advice: I second it, third
 it, and endorse it all the way up the line to the
 power where e approaches infinity. Certainly one
 must take dianetics with a large salt pill—the big-
 ger, the better. It is unproven. I would add also:
 NO ONE WITHOUT EXTENSIVE PRO-
 FESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND AN
 EXACT KNOWLEDGE OF SCIENTIFIC
 METHOD SHOULD EXPERIMENT WITH
 DIANETICS. No one should accept, on faith,
 Hubbard’s statement that amateur psychotherapy,
 on Hubbard’s principles or any other principles, is
 undangerous. Hubbard has not yet proven this to
 be so, and until he proves it, the risk is serious.

   Here I am with Mr. Wickham 100%. Leave
 dianetic experimentation to Hubbard. The burden
 of proof lies on him. I have terminated my own
 experiments in this field, and I urge anyone else
 who has been tempted by Hubbard’s claims to do
 the same. The theory of dianetics appears to be
 sound, and backed by virtually all of die research
 done by previous workers, BUT IT MAY
 NEVERTHELESS BE TOTALLY AND DIS-
 ASTROUSLY WRONG.

   I don’t think Hubbard is wrong, but that’s noth-
 ing but a belief on my part, backed by a very small
 amount of evidence, too small to be conclusive. I
 think PLANET’S readers should read Hubbard's
 book, for, despite its faults, it’s a remarkable job
 and already part of the significant history of
 psychotherapy; and PLANET’s readers are
 science-fiction fans, and can be depended upon to
 be critical.

   To be critical—when one is reading Reich, or
 Hubbard, or Velikovsky, or Frank Scully, or any
 other would-be revolutionary—means that one
 must ask over and over again:

   Where is the evidence?

   Where is the evidence?

  WHERE IS THE EVIDENCE?

   No hoax, program, special pleading, myth-
 system, delusion, crank notion, or partial “sci-
 ence” can stand up under that one question.

                           James Bush

TALE OF THE TURTLE

                           35 Sterling Road
 Harrison, New York
 Dear Jerry Built Pencil Pusher:

   When the courier that “Neither rain nor sleet,
 etc.” finally got around to delivering your latest
 bundle of joy I was pleasantly surprised, nay,
 dumbfounded; you’ve set a precedent... the. pic-
 ture on the cover is actually from one of the
 stories!! Come now, what caused such an up-
 heaval ? However my enthusiasm was soon damp-
 ened. After slavering my leisurely way through
 the ish I looked at the blurb; alas, just where does
 Mr. Coppel explode a sun?

   Well, not being smart enough (see, I even admit
 it!) to think up something unusual I’ll just run
 down the stories, although some are pretty
 rundown already.

  (1) MITKEY RIDES AGAIN; Sehr goot!

stop tobacco?

  Banish (he craving for tobacco as thousand*
  have with Tobacco Redeemer. Write lot Iree book-
  let telling ol injurious ellect of lobacco anil
  ol a treatment which has relieved many men.
  In Business Since 1909
  300^)00 Satisfied Customers
  THE NEWELL COMPANY

U

                  FREE
                  BOOK

 293 Clayton Sta., St Louis S, Mo,

$

WANT TO BE A MERCHANT SEAMAN?

STARTING PAY

                     TRAVEL-ADVENTURE
                     CAREER AT SEA ON
                     AMERICAN SHIPS

NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED TO START
EX-SERVICEMEN WITH SUFFICIENT SERVICE
MAY QUALIFY FOR SHIP'S OFFICERS
for further Information WRITE today to:
MERCANTILE INFORMATION BUREAU OF GALVESTON
Bo* 6954-D, Walfarook Station Baltimore 16, Md.

 imh i i

195

 APPROX. AV.
 MONTHLY
 OR MORE
 PLUS FOOD
 OVERTIME
 LODGING

•'Since 1888”

Quick relief wilh Deni's. Use Dent's Tooth Gum
or Dent’s Tooth Drops for cavity toothaches.
Use Dent's Dental Poultice for pain or sore-
ness in gums or teeth. At all drug stores.

 TOOTH GUM
 TOOTH DROPS
 DENTAL POULTICE

DENT’S

ILLUSTRATEO COMIC
BOOKLETS

THE KINO MEN LIHEt

                   (VEST POCKET SIZE>
                 They are loaded with rare car.
                 toons. Full of Fun and Humor.
                 20 DIFFERENT booklets
                 sent prepaid for $1 in plain
                 sealed wrapper. No C.O.D.'s.
                 GRAYKO, Dept 1956 Box 520,G.P,0.,N.Y.C. I

   A fresh, now lino of comic booklets
   for adults. Rich. In lusty humor, with
   good, dear illustrations. 12 of these
   little booklets, all different, sent to
   you prepaid for $1. No COD please.
   '' )	NOVEL ARTS,

V P.O. BOX 410, DANVILLE. ILL.

Illustrated Comic Booklets

 Sell our ILLUSTRATED COMIC BOOKLETS and other
 NOVELTIES. Each booklet size 4yix2^i. Wc will send
 25 assorted booklets prepaid upon receipt of $1.00 or 75
 assorted booklets sent prepaid upon receipt of $2.00,
 Wholesale novelty price list sent with order only. No
 orders sent C. O. D. Send Cash or Money-order.

REPSAC SALES CO.

1 Orchard St. Dept. K-73 New York 2, N. Y.

BOOKLETS

 The kind crown ups liko. Bach one of these booklets is
 POCKET SIZE, also contains 8 ILLUSTRATIONS, and ia
 full of fun and entertainment. 12 of these joke booklets, ALL
 DIFFERENT, shipped prepaid upon receipt of S1.00. or 24
 BOOKLETS ALL DIFFERENT shipped prepaid for $2, cash
 or money order. No orders sent C. O. D. Print name and
 address and mail to:

TREASURE NOVELTY CO.,»opt.72K

2 ALLEN ST., NEW YOKE 2, N. Y.
108	PLANET

Iss vun uf der pest, most orichonal sdories T half
effer read! Hang on to this guy Brown. Subject
him to the inth rite of coercion if you have to,
but get some more of Mitkey!

 (2)	SIDEWINDERS FROM SIRIUS; I just
can’t think of one blamed comment!

 (3)	THE LAST TWO ALIVE; For cryin’
out loud, what a title ! I’ve read stories and stories
but I am yet to see another such dead giveaway.
Why not call it “To This End” or somethin’? A
g<*>d, well executed theme like this certainly de-
serves an ambiguous title.

 (4)	FINAL MISSION; Subtitled, Ooo How
Confusin’, or, How to Become a Candidate for the
Woozy Ward in Won Easy Lesson.

 (5)	CARGO TO CALLISTO; So-so.

  (6)	CARRY ME HOME; Oh well, he can’t do
it every time. Either the whole darn thing was
pretty obvious or I have almighty keen perception
(yeah, that’s what I think too).

 (7)	MACHINE OF KLAMUGRA; Some-
body open a window!!

  Since I can’t read the artists’ chicken tracks the
best pics, are pages 57, 77 and 61 in that order.

  I hope that chunk on Dianetics wasn’t just a
passin’ idea. I would like more factual squibs like
that; I might even get’um education (parish
forbid!).

  Although I really would like an original (hint,
hint) I think Happy Boy Hapke has done it again.
If he’s found a kindred soul in you (ha, imagine,
an editor with a soul) I’ve found one in him (ye
Gods, shades of the Three Musketeers!); he’s
got a sense of humor (And what is so rare as a
sense of humor, Then if ever come perfect jokes.
Etc.).

  Give number two to Mr. Badler and his BEM.

  Oh yes, Methuselah—oops, I mean Mr. Gibson.
The guy to whom you refer (wow!) (Nu?—Ed.)
was one David Bushnell, BUT, you’ve got some
details crocked up:

  (1)	The submarine could surface at will; it
didn’t have to be hauled up.

  (2)	The propeller was in front, not in back.

  (3)	The mine was carried on the back and
attached by a wood screw to the ship. It was not
carried on top and attached by hooks.

  (4)	The Turtle was sunk while makin’ a second
attack on the British ships, under its own power
and not while being moved to a new base.

  And now, having made myself extremely popu-
lar with Mr. J. G. (is there a bodyguard in the
house?) I’ll quit ramblin’ on (my, don’t you look
happy about it!).

Goom-bye please,

James Stewart

ONE—TWO	762 Broadway

                                Somerville 44
                                Massachusetts

Dear Jerry :

  Concerning C. Stewart Metchette’s speculations
on the origin of “Kalgan” as the name of a planet:

  I did not consciously borrow Doc Smith’s name.
When I wrote “The Mule” in 1945, I needed a
name for a planet. It was wartime and there was
a large map of the Far East on the wall. Kalgan
was on the map. It is the name of a sizable city in
the province of Chahar (Inner Mongolia), which
is located about one hundred miles northwest of
Peking. It sounded like a good name, so I used it.

  Concerning Mitchell M. Badler’s speculations on
the presumed identity of Mr. Coppel and myself:

STORIES

  Sorry, but Mr. Coppel is not me. Except for
one extremely short piece long, long ago, I have
never used a pseudonym. And thank you, Mr.
Badler, for your kind words about the Foundation
stories.

Very truly yours,

Isaac Asimov

THIS GUY IS NOTS!

                            203 Robin Street
                            Dunkirk, New York

Dear JB:

  I am not going to say, "Congratulations on the
new, bi-monthly PLANET!” I am not going to
say that PS has improved 103% since you took
over. And I am certainly not going to say that I
enjoy your parenthetical comments very much.
Nor am I going to suggest politely, or otherwise,
that you kill Anderson. I won’t ask where Brad-
bury was this issue, either. As a matter of fact, I
won’t even tell you that this is only my second
letter to a prozine.

  Then why am I writing this?

  I’m not going to tell you.

Yours,

                           David English

  (All right, dammit... then I won’t PRINT,
IT!—Ed.)

HEY, HAYAKAWA!

                           Box 442

                           Athens, Georgia

My Dear J. B.:

  I found much pleasure in reading Vizigraph in
the Fall PS. This is the first copy of Planet
Stories I have bought. The reason is that though
I have long been an SF reader, I am so repelled by
the covers on many of the lurid pulps that I am
ashamed to be seen on the street with them under
my arm. So the ones I willingly buy are the more
restfully appareled. I shall, however, undergo the
same ordeal when your next appears.

  Maybe one might shed a little light on how
things are defined. I seem to have rung in on the
tail of a hot controversy about defining SF, but
I have a strong impression that the contenders
have been defining extensionally. This consists
in looking over a group of individual items, try-
ing to abstract from them their common features,
then framing a definition from those abstracted
features. This is the most common way of doing
it, and most usually comes to grief. The alterna-
tive (and generally preferable) method is to de-
fine intensionally. This is simply saying that the
class which you are trying to define is “that class
which consists of item 1, item 2, item 3 ... etc.”
It shifts the point of view from the contemplation
of glorious abstractions to the problem of whether
this or that questionable example is rightly in-
cluded in the class. This leaves it all a matter of
custom and individual opinion, which is less soul-
searching than the other method, but leaves the
problem right where it belongs, and saves a lot
of paper.

  .Extensional definition is lots of fun, but funda-
mentally no good. Man, for example, can be de-
fined only intensionally.

  I vote a large and conspicuous monument to
STRANGE EXODUS as among the best and
most original SF I have seen in a long time. And
a small, ugly negative monument to Coppel’s
VALKYR. Let’s keen Wagner out of this. Also.
THE VIZIGRAPH

109

why make an interplanetary* dark ages story,
when the same could have been done with three
counties in Old England and a real warlock! The
only thing in it that might have been SF was the
power drives in the space ships. Use horses alone,
drop the galactic setting, and have a story that
stays within bounds. But don’t publish it in PS.

Sincerely,

H. E. Calkins

  P. S. It amuses me that I symbolize Aber-
nathy's strange creatures as “flatulent worms”!
Aesthetic? (Nay, ethereal—Ed.)

EMANATION FROM TONAWANDA

119 Ward Road

North Tonawanda, New York

Dear Jerry :

 The November issue of PLANET STORIES
was a pleasant surprise; most of the stories were
very readable (unless you happen to be Chinese
or Afgan). The last two issues were sadly lack-
ing in this respect, I fear; but enough of that.
Let us hope that such travesties as REBEL OF
VALKYR are gone forever.

  Oh-oh. I spoke too soon. I see that Coppel is
still present—“Adam and Eve” tales have been
popping up quite a bit of late after a merciful
interment, and THE LAST TWO ALIVE! is
the worst; (the one in SS—or was it TWS?—
was the best of that type I’ve yet read). Let us
have no more, please.

  The MITKEY sequel was fairly good, but
obviously written on demand (if it wasn’t, that
statement is going to make me look awfully
silly). (Ja, zo ... now go look in a mirror—Ed.)
However, I enjoyed it (something is wrong with
my typing, and I can only pray it will straighten
out). (Amen—Ed.)

 CARRY ME HOME reminded me of Brac-
kett, which is about the highest praise I can
think to give the author. Let us have no nonsense
about Venus bearing (it should be “being”) a
desert-world with a formaldehyde atmosphere
and little or no water; stories such as this (and
DEATIi-BY-RAIN, which I also enjoyed)
ignore those “facts”—and it will never be certain
what exists thereon till man bridges the distance
to Venus and looks for himself.

 SIDEWINDERS FROM SIRIUS was a very
cute tale; that final sentence almost caught me
off-guard. The unexpected always makes a good
tale. CARGO TO CALLISTO was average
PLANET; not particularly bad, but not par-
ticularly good either. MACHINE OF KLA-
MUGRA was a bit too ingenuous; everything
was obvious from the moment that minus square
root was brought into the picture. FINAL MIS-
SION was a fair atmosphere story, not quite up
to MacDonald’s usual par, but the third-best in
the issue, behind MITKEY in second and
CARRY ME HOME (I don’t get the title, but
it sounds as if it should have some atmospheric
meaning) in first.

  I have seen no one whose Martian stories com-
pare to Burroughs’. Stewart said “shades of
Burroughs.” Six months ago I would have
jumped on him, but now I am mellow with old
age (huh?). However, let it be said that ERB
is still the master of adventure; and that since
I enjoyed his Martian stories and didn’t enjoy
those of Coppel, something must be wrong with

        Immediate Comfort
        And Relief for You with

RUPTURE-EASER

(A PIPES BRACE PRODUCT)

for MEN, WOMEN and CHILDREN

 Pot

 Pend,

Right or Left
Side $395

Double *4W

A strong, form fitting washable support de«
signed to give you relief and comfort. Ad*
justable back-lacing and adjustable leg straps.
Snaps up in front. Soft flat groin pad—NO
STEEL OR LEATHER BANDS. Unexcelled for
comfort, INVISIBLE UNDER LIGHT CLOTH-
ING. Washable. Also used as after opera-
tion support.

#	THE MOST EFFECTIVE HERNIA SUPPORT.

    Thousands of people who have tried old-fashioned,
    expensive devices turn to Rupture-Eoser for new
    comfort.

#	RUPTURE-EASER IS SANITARY.

   Can be washed without harm to fabric«»yOU
   never offend when you wear Rupture-Easef.

#	NO FITTING REQUIRED.

   Just measure around the lowest . part of the
   abdomen and specify right or left side or double.

What Satisfied Users Say •—

R. C. of Corvallis, Oregon, Air Malta "Send me another
Ruture-Easer so I will have one to change off with. It
is enabling me to work at top speed at my press tnachliiS

8 hours a day."

M. S. of Anderson, Ind., thank* ut and «ay«i "It is one

of the finest things I have ever worn and has made my
living. It has given me untold ease and

life worth
comfort."

O. B. R. of Sostoni "Send me another ... I wish to say
to everyone who suffers as 1 did, 'Oh what relief I have
found from its help/' "

          Blessed Relief Day and Night
You can sleep in It—-you can work in it—yew can
bathe in it.

10-DAY TRIAL OFFER

Money Back guarantee if you don't get blessed relief I

Piper Brace Company, Dept. FHW-50
308 E. 12th St., Kansas City 6, Mo.

Please send my RUPTURE-EASER by return mail.

Right Side □ $3.95 Measure around lowest port of
left Side □ $3.95 my abdomen

Double	□ $4.95 is----------INCHES.

We Prepay Postage Except on C.O.D/s.

Enclosed is: □ Money Order □ Check for $.-

   □	Send C.O.D.

Name___

Address__

City and State..

RUSH THIS COUPON NOW!
110	PLANET

Coppel. (Of course, nothing could possibly be
wrong with me.) (Looked in that mirror yet?—
Ed.) Some of ERB’s early MARTIAN tales are
slightly hacky nowadays, but they were the first
long stories (first short ones too, for all I know)
he tried; and they were written in the style of
the times. In CHESSMEN OF MARS he came
close to writing real literature, and usually in his
stories you will find subtle satire of something
or other—the communistic doctrine, for instance
(the Green Men were ruled by a form of com-
munism—common ownership of everything).

  Enough of that.

  Pics—Gibson, Stewart, and Izic Azimof,
(YIPE! Sorry, Isaac—Ed.) for a cute little let-
ter (Claude Held says: "Coppel is Asomiv [oooo,
that was accidental!]”) Is this true? If it is, I
can see why he doesn’t want it known; if / had
written that trash, I wouldn’t publicize it either.)

  Is this what we call suspense advertising?—
SHANADU! (Yos... it's also what we call free
advertising—KLUEGSTE DUI—Ed.) Don’t ask
what it means; you will learn soon enough. I
have more, also; two names: Wayne Keller and
Edward Chapman. Since the only connection be-
tween them is that they emanate from North
Tonawanda, don’t waste your brains trying to
figure them out. Just wait two months more.

  You aren’t perfect yet, and I suppose you are
well aware of that (and have an eye on the fate
of PLP). However, PLANET begins to climb
once more.

Cordially,

                       W. Paul Ganley

P.S. Some time ago a girl from Pennsylvania (I
think) wrote me asking for the address of the
Vizigraph, to which she wanted to write; then
she wrote again asking for information about
FAN-FARE, my fanzine. I do not like to lose a
customer; but I did lose her address. Apparently
I’d copied wrong, for it (the letter) was returned
by the postal department. I am sorry, and if she
sees this and is still interested in FAN-FARE,
will she please write a card....

PUT THAT SOFA DOWN!

                             133a Twist Street,
                             Hillbrow,
                             Johannesburg,
                             Trasvaal,

                            South Africa.

Dear Ed:

  I’ve been trying for years now to bolster up
enough courage to write to La Vizi and at last
it’s bolstered (the courage, I mean). You’ll ex-
cuse this letter if it’s too late for the September
ish., but where I am it’s darned hard to collar a
copy of any kind of American mag and when you
do manage to get one it’s years old (literally).
But this month I was lucky. After much wheed-
ling, pleading, threatening and grovelling I man-
aged to extract, from my favourite bookseller,
a copy of PLANET. .. Fall issue, whatever that
is. It says 1950 on the cover so I figure it can’t
be too old. I, won’t try to classify the stories be-
cause I don’t want a headache, but here’s what I
think of them:

 REBEL OF VALKYR: Okay for an adven-
ture mag... you should have run it in ACTION
STORIES.

  DEATH WISH: Maybe I caught Bradbury at
a bad time, but ’twerent so hot.

STORIES

 THE CROWDED COLONY: I liked this one,

 THE SKY IS FALLING: Not Too Bad.

  MEEM: St. Clair’s blubbering ... ’nuff said.

  STAR SHIP: Another adventure story, but
well written.

 STRANGE EXODUS: Best in the mag.

 PATCH: No comment.

  Everyone seems to comment on the covers SO
why not me ? Duh ... er ... Editor ... What is
the babe doing? Or is that a stupid question?
Don’t answer that. It looks to me, judging from
what she is holding in her hand, like she’s testing
out the propulsion powers of a flying saucer; I
could be wrong, though. I don’t know whether
to congratulate you or sympathize with you on
becoming the editor of P.S. Anyway, you can
choose which one of these sentiments you prefer.
(May I mix them?—Ed.)

  Looking up my back numbers of PLANET it
seems that it’s usually here that people moan
about untrimmed edges. Well, don’t faint, but...
I LIKE ’em. Now let me see...oh, yes, illustra-
tions ; I’m going to be difficult here—they’re ALL
lousy.

  How’m I doin’ for space ? Oh •well, I’ll squeeze
a little more in anyway.

  It seems that whenever I pick up a Stf mag I
find Sneary in the letter column. It wouldn’t be
so bad if his typewriter could spell properly.

  And here’s Lin Carter, too. There’s one thing
that’s always puzzled me here—it’s ... er... now
don’t bite a piece out of the horsehair sofa, Lin,
but—are you a him or a her? There! I’ve said it!
I can feel the walls trembling already, not to men-
tion me. Anyway, I agree with everything he/she
says. That calm you down a bit, Lin ?

  I’m thinking of writing a book called "English
for the Moron,” for the benefit of unfortunate
people like A1 Leverentz.

  Hah! You squashed Mr. Sigler nicely, ed.

  I’ll bet Bruce Hapke is still laughing over your
little poem; I am.

  I see I have someone who agrees with me on
Bradbury. Shake, Mr. Pryor.

  Now, just in case this letter finds its way into
La Vizi, I wish to state here and now that I
came into the world before Ramon Navarro or
Van Johnson hit the screen so you can leave my
name alone. I think I’ve overstepped my space, so
... Mind if I write again ?

                    Tah Muchly,

                 Ramon Van Rensburg

WELL. LIN ... WHAT ARE YOU?

                            Box 493,

_ „	Lynn Haven, Fla,

Dear Bix :

  One veddy nice issue this time, me friend. In
fact, surprisingly good! I like the new type, the
new headings, and the contents-page setup is very
welcome. Mr. Editor, you’re making a good start,
in this reader’s not-so-humble opinion!

  And the stories were slightly better than
average, if I may add a little more praise.
REBEL OF VALKYR, tho just another of le-
gions of pseudo-ERB adventures, had a vivid and
colorful style that was eminently readable. The
character of Keiron (or was it Kieron? I’m at-
tending the Lynhavention in Lynn Haven and
don’t have my copy to refer to) was adequately
developed. The style reminded me—this is pretty
far-fetched I fear—of a sort of cross between

 •
THE VIZIGRAPH

111

 Brackett and Isaac Asimov. The mentions of
 Kalgan, and the quotes from “Essays on Galactic
 History” strengthened the Asimovian air. Good
 yam, tho, and a nice fresh twist on the ending that
 saved it from the They All Lived Happily Ever
 After rut.

   I was frankly disappointed in Poul Anderson’s
 first story for you. That boy is one of the better in
 the new crop of authors, and I’ve seen several
 astonishiugly good yarns with his by-line. But this
 one seemed as if he was abandoning his usual
 style in an attempt to write at your usual level—
 which I am not belittling or anything, don’t get me
 wrong—and in doing so turned out the very con-
 ventional and totally uninteresting story STAR
 SHIP. There was not a shred of originality in the
 thing. Still, I hope you can get some more stuff
 from him. Fine writer, and every writer of his
 calibur has the right to an occasional fluff.

   The Bradbury offering this isli was middlin’
 good. Slightly better plot than usual for Brad, and
 of course his regular superlative style that makes
 anything sound good. Not a bad story at all.

   Of the others, none seem exceptionally out-
 standing. THE CROWDED COLONY had an
 incredibly clever twist to it. Albeit, a twist that
 was very hard to swallow. Mr. Drexel has Ideas.

    Letters were quite interesting, this time. Nis tu
 see sumthen frum sNeary agin. And I have re-
 frained so far from letting out any war-whoops
 of hysterical joy over the new bi-monthly schedule
 not without straining. That’s swell news, wunner-
 ful, but it’s been so long a quarterly pub it won’t
 seem like the same ole PeeEss. Besides, now I
 can’t be leisurely about getting my letters in like
 I usta.

   For the letter prizes: Douglas Creighton with
 an extremely good letter (and whose opinions on
 Bradbury I share. O for another Brat story!) ;
 Sneary, as ever entertaining; and Ed Cox. Mod-
 esty forbids my casting a vote for Carter’s witty
 and casual letter. O to be able to write a quiet, en-
 tertaining little missive like that!

    Well, reckon I’ll call this a letter. I hope—but I
 have my, doubts—that this gets in under the wire.
 I am a trifle late getting it in, but that’s a con-
 vention for you. Try to—go on, just try—get any
 private work done with such scintillating wits as
 Shelby Vick or Harry B. Moore breathing down
 your neck and holding fascinating discussions
 anent Fandom and the True Literature within
 ear-shot.

    Thanks for an, all things considered, pretty good
 issue, my friend. Mr. Bixby, I’ll be looking for-
 ward to other such issues under your Aegis.

Lincerely,

                Lin Carter, The Sage of St. Pete.
                The One, the Only, the Original
                Sage: “Look for The Big Red
                Letters On The Forehead ’!

 FANS. PLEASE NOTE:

 A FIRST LETTER!

                           309 East 18tK Street
                           New York 3, N. Y.

 Dear Bix :

   My fingers tremble hesitantly above the wait-
 ing keys, my lower lip quivers with suppressed
 fear; a voice within me born of caution shrieks,
 “Stop man, stop. You’ll regret it!” and another,
 torn of urgency whispers, “Go on, go on.” Why,

                 DICE • CARDS

                   Perfect Dice*
                   Magic Dice, Mag-
                   ic Cards—BEAD.
                   THE BACKS —
                   late. Daubs. Po-
                   ker Chips, Gam-
                   ing I,ayouts, Died
                   Boies, Counter
                   Games, Punch-
                   boards. WKEEH
                   _	FOR CATALOG TODAY.

K. C. CARD CO, '•r 815 5. Waba.h Ave„ Chicago, HI.

f*££'

FAMOUS

 BLUE BOOK
 CATALOG

STOP CIGARETTES

 the better, drugless way. Regain vitality.
 Feel younger. Be longer winded. Enjoy life.
 Save money. Help steady your nerves. Send $1.00 now
 for simple successful plan. Delay is very costly. Act now.
 MONEYBACK GUARANTEE.

HEALTH EXTENSION PUN • Drawer 1672ft, Marysville, California

                   Have Funi Be a Magician!

          CHANGE NICKELS Info DIMES!

               Place MAGIC CAP over 4 nickels . . .
               Presto! nickels vanish and 4 dlmos appear!
               Cap may be examined. No skill roouiredl
               Precision-made device. ONLY $1.00 POST-
               PAID. Romlt money order or cash. Satlsfac-
               c__tion Guaranteed.

 FRFF with youl' order: LARGE CATA.
 ■ ->. I ntc L0G 0f soo mystifying tricks &

                 jokes. Write today!

O. Robbins & Co., Dopt. 0-57, 131 W.42St„ New York 18, N.Y.

SO/$-/rS FREE!.

"THE WONDERS OF CHEMISTRY”

This exciting new book shows how to amaze your friend®
with chemical magic, describes many fascinating home
experiments, tells of fun, thrills and big future oppor-
tunities for boys who know chemistry. Special atomio
energy feature. Send today I
THE PORTER CHEMICAL COMPANY
flW Prospect Avenue	Hagerstown, Maryland

... the dope on 1950 football!

Prospects of your favorite team? Which are
the star players? How's the competition?

  You'll find all the answers in the big red
magazine. Up-to-the-second dope on the na-
tion's liveliest elevens. Hundreds of pictures
of players and teams in action. Everything you
want to know about '50 football you'll find in

FOOTBALL MNUAL

 If vour local newsdealer can't supply you send 30<
 and we'll rush you a copy postpaid. Address Fiction
 House, Inc., 130 West 42nd St.. New York City 18.
112	PLANET

you ask, is this letter such a catastrophic step in
my life? Well, I’ll tell you, (italics maestro, if
you please) this is my first letter to a prosine.
When Ackerman was a pup, this was a fact to be
heralded by 16 point type and the letter read
something like, “DearsirIamonlyl2yearsoldandI
havebeenreadingyourmagazinesincekindergarten-
andlthinkthatitisjustgingerpeachyandswell.” But
today there is an evil, cruel menace waiting to
pounce upon fans who are so unwise as to have
their names printed in a widely-circulated maga-
zine ; it is the spirit of organized fandom. As soon
as the issue containing this letter hits the stands
a horde of demons will swoop down to the news-
stands and, with many a fiendish giggle, will copy
down every name printed therein. Within a few
short weeks my mailbox shall spew forth free
sample copies of fanzines like—The Science-Fic-
tion Appleknocker, Fantasy Atheist, Blue Goon,
Sanitary Science Stories, and Racy Robot Ro-
mances. With these I shall receive invitations to
join the Cecil B. Dusenbury Appreciation Club,
The National Fantasy Nudists League, The East
Overshoe Science Fiction Association, The Cos-
mic Cowboys, The National STF Correspondence
and Knitting Society, etc. (And, most famous of
them all, "The Universal Zipperoos—Always on
the Fly!"—Ed.) And why do I sit here hacking
out this crud when I could be out gambolling
(that’s gambol, wise-guy!) in the sun?

 On to the Nov. PLANET, armed only with a
Flitgun:

  Cover—okay, so I’m a shnook, I like it. Ander-
son is one of the top cover artists in the S-F—or
or any other pulp field. His action is solid, and
undeniably eye-catching, his women are most
definitely attractive, his tone is lush, and his
color looks as fresh as though it had been ap-
plied directly from the tube. Anderson's been re-
stricted by house requirements and regulations-;
a few other S-F mags have the same regulations,
and look at the messes their covers are!

 CARRY ME HOME—wow! You’ll go down
in history, Bix, as the man who discovered Lid-
dell. Mr. Liddell possesses a rare combination of
skill, freshness, color, action, emotion, and in-
telligence. This story combines fantasy and sci-
ence-fiction without hybridizing either, and most
important, it’s an allegory. Those beautiful names
—d’vahnyan, ll’ghirae. The man’s great, let’s have
a lot more of him!

 THE LAST TWO ALIVE—the lead novel is
getting more respectable all the time. I rather
enjoyed this one, and nobody can say that the
ending was unfounded in the earlier parts of the
story.

 MITKEY RIDES AGAIN—cute, and lived up
to its predecessor. Brown leaves himself wide
open for another sequel, though.

 SIDEWINDERS FROM SIRIUS—and MA-
CHINE OF KLAMUGRA—both nice, the for-
mer nosing the latter out because of its double-
twist ending and its protagonist.

 FINAL MISSION—the whole story was
given in the blurb, which speaks well for neither.

 CARGO TO CALLISTO—pretty punk. The

STORIES

plot is hackneyed and the handling is hack. The
line that especially got me was the one that went
something like, "You could tell she was a Mar-
tian by her arching eyebrows and thin nose.”
Hah! Sure, humanoid races on other planets are
not only possible, but probable... only remember,
humanoid means, like a human! Mars has less
than y2 Earth’s gravity, consequently a Martian
humanoid would be at least half our height.
(How’s that again?-—Ed.) Besides, an Earth-
Mars marriage is as likely as a man mating with
a cobra and being blessed with an ostrich! An
even more glaring error appeared in St Clair’s
story of two issues back, MEEM; briefly, St.
Clair proposed a race of neuters and females, and
a small rodent-like animal which was the func-
tional male of the race. Fine! But how do those
rodent-like animals (meems) reproduce? Or per-
haps those talented Vaudrians are capable of
giving birth to neuters, females, and meems.
These flaws are always killjoys no matter how
good the story may be. Back to your story, Drex,
what really burned me was your using the old Ed
Hamilton trick of having Mercurians, Venerians,
Terrans, and Martians working together. If H.
Sapiens can’t even get along with other members
of his own race, how the hell is he going to make
friends with alien species?—Now that everybody
knows who Jerome Drexel Bixby really is, I sup-
pose that you’ll have to get a new pen name; like
—oh—Robert A. Heinlein.

  Rocketship X-M—Acky’s reviews are always
somewhat putrid; this one was no exception. 4E
took the picture too seriously; I saw it and
thought it was immensely humorous! It was es-
pecially clever of the writer-director to have the
crew take along rifles and guns on a lunar expedi-
tion.

 DIANETICS—I’m getting damned fed up
with the big mouths who keep yapping against it
without trying it out. Sure, I believe in it, the
same way I believe in electricity.

 I’m mighty glad to see FEATURE FLASH
back; let’s have fotos to go with the copy.

  ART—is steadily improving with Vestal’s great
Starmouse pix. Mayan is good technically, but
uninventive; his rockets and extraterrestials are
stinko. McWilliams is good. Please try to get
Schneeman on the staff.

  Squawks—very few, just get rid of that obnox-
ious mast-head by Murph Anderson; I’m sure
Vestal could do a better job.

  Well, that’s it; PLANET is undergoing a renais-
sance, and you’ve already discovered one truly
great author. You have two choices open to you,
Bix; keep it up, or quit while you’re ahead.

                    auf widdershins,

Henry W. Chabot

PLANET REGRETS

  The Milton L. Coe story, scheduled for this is-
sue and mentioned on the cover, was squeezed
out at the last moment. It will be run soon.

  See you all Jan. 1st . . .
WHICH ONtS SHALL m SENV YOU ?

AMAZING NEW
NOVELTY

BLONDE

IN . . . (OUT) OF THE

BATH TUB

Keeps everyone guessing. The lovely Blonde will
stay in her bathtub for you—but not for others.
She always pops out. Your friends will marvel that
you're the only one she obeys. It's a .thrilling new
novelty that will be the life of the party. Send
for yours today—and learn the amazing secret of
how to make the lady behave. SEND NO MONEY.
Rush your order today! Remit with order and we
pay postage or C.O.D. plus postage.

Qmaqt**

RITA’

' RED-HEADED
DRINK & WET DOLL

WITH

  Rubber

Wonderskin

 SHE DRINKS!
 SHE WETS!
 SHE SLEEPS!

   Here's a lighter that is a perfect match
   for your cigarette when one wants to be
   nonchalant. Embarrassed? Just offer a cig-
   arette to your gabby friend, wife or hus-
   band and then hand him the "Mike".

   A novel lighter that is trimmed with
   chrome plate. Easy to operate! Just press
   button and presto it lights! RUSH YOUR
   ORDER TODAY! SEND NO MONEY! Re-
   mit with order and we pay postage or
   C.O.D. plus postage._

NOVELTY MART Dept. 33

  59 E. 8th St., New York 3, »!. Y.

Thrill your child with vivacious red-haired "RITA"
—sensational 13 inch Drink-and-Wet Dolt of squeez-
able rubber WONDER-SKIN — the amazing new
LIFE-LIKE DOLL SKIN! Adorable red-haired "RITA"
is every child's dream come true! She has spar-
kling blue eyes that open and close—she drinks
from her bottle with rubber nipple (included)—and
then wets her diaper. You can bathe her—move
her cuddly arms, legs and head—make her stand,
walk and sleep.

SEND NO MONEY!

  (C. O. D., you pay postage. Remit with order,
  we pay postage.)

NOVELTY MART

  59 East 8th Street Dept. 33, New York 3, N. Y.
  Please send me the following items:

Enclosed: □ Check or Money Order □ C.O.D.

plus postage

 □	BLONDE IN BATHTUB ........ 98c

 □	MIKE LIGHTER ...............$2.98

□	RITA .......................'. $2.98

NAME ................................

ADDRESS .............................

CITY .............. STATE ...........
Good fir Both-TREE

VETERANS

 GET.THIS TRAINING

  I WILL TRAIN YOU AT HOME FOR

GOOD PAY-SUCCESS

          in America's Fastest-Gmwinq Industry

 Kill TESTER

 National Radio
 Institute. Pioneer
 Home Study P.ndio
 School, Washington 9, D.C.

MR. J. E. SMITH, President, Dept. OJG
National Radio Instltuto, Washington 9, D. C.

Mail me Sample Lesson and 64-page Book about
How to Win Success in Radio-Television—both FREE.
*(No Salesman will call. Please write plainly.)

Name.—...........................................................Age--------

 Address.

City------------

 □ Cheek if Veteran

 Approved under G. I. Bill