jPT Arlton Eodie
™ Hugh B. Cave
Seabury Quinn
Frank B. Long/ Jr.
omance

Glamor

Mystery

Contents of Current Issue:

LORD OF SAMARCAND

By Robert K. Howard

A vivid narrative of Tamerlane and his crushing
victory over Bayazid, the Turkish sultan. This
stirring historical story offers real entertainment.

JUNGLE GIRL

By Warren Hastings Miller

An epic of terrific dangers in the Wa country of
the obscene carvings on the Black Pa-
goda, a treasure trove of marvelous rubies, and
the unwavering devotion of a stout-hearted girl
to her man.

RED MOONS

By Virginia Stait

"Red moons are blood moons” runs the old Hin-
doo proverb—the spell of India pervades this
strange love story like a rich incense.

JAVA MADNESS

By Joseph O. Kesselring

A grim and powerful story of what the loneli-
ness and tropical heat of a Java tea plantation
did to a white man.

ON THE ROOFS OF TUNIS

By Paul Ernst

A madcap adventure of two Americans in Arab
Old-Town, the thrill of deadly perils and breath-
taking escapes, hand-to-hand fighting on the
roofs of the native quarter.

THE DJINNEE OF EL SHEYB

By G. G. Pendarves

A strange story of North Africa, and the terrible
fate that awaited all who entered the accursed
city of the marabouts.

SCENTED GARDENS

By Dorothy Quiek

Strange passion came to the young queen in the
gardens of the rajah’s palace, and swift was the
rajah’s vengeance.

  Oriental

^TORIES'

Now on Sale

If.your magazine dealer is sold out mail 25c to the Publishers at 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, 111.
     More marvelous than the power of the Magician’s Wand, is the power that
 ean be developed in the newly discovered cosmic areas of your own mind.

         •?

     You can turn your mental pictures into living, vibrating waves of power
 that will reach other minds or attract to your consciousness the creative laws of
 nature which bring your mental images and desires into material realization.

A FREE Book for YOU

      The Rosicrucians throughout the world for centuries have been the Master Minds in
 developing self-efticicncy and self-domination over the obstacles of life. Their secret knowledge

 and strange methods have made them admired successes everywhere. You may bring about
 HEALTH, HAPPINESS and a fulfillment of your desires.

      They are pledged to help others—just as you will gladly share your knowledge and suc-
 cessful experiences with others. They have prepared a book—new, fascinating, instructive, and

 practical—which tells about their helpfulness. It is called “The Wisdom of the Sages”—It
 tells how you may receive the secret teachings of the Rosicrucians to study in the privacy
 of your own home. The coupon below will bring it to you without obligation.

REMEMBER—There are thou-
sands of men and women throughout the
world who had a new LIFE opened to
them through the Rosicrucians Teachings.

SCRIBE J. A. R.
ROSICRUCIAN BROTHERHOOD

(AMORC)

. SAN JOSE,
CALIFORNIA

HERE IS THE WAY

FREE BOOK COUPON '

Scribe J. A. B.

Rosicrucian Brotherhood (Amorc),

San Jose, California

Please send me, without obligation, a oopy of “The
Wisdom of the Sages.” I am really sincere and not
merely curious.

Name____________________

Addreaa-

,W, T.—1

721
            Published monthly by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company. 2457 E. Washington Street,
       Indianapolis, Ind. Entered as second-class matter March 20,1923. at the post office at Indianapolis.
       Ind.. under the act of March S, 1879. Single copies. 25 cents. Subscription, $2.60 a year in the
       United States, $4.00 a year in Canada. English office: Charles Lavell, IS, Serjeant's Inn. Fleet
       Street. E. C. 4 London. The publishers are not responsible for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts,
       although every care will be taken of such material while in their possession. The contents of this
       magazine arc fully protected by copyright and must not be reproduced either wholly or in part
       without permission from the publishers.

            NOTE—All manuscript* and communications should be addressed to the publishers’ Chicago
      office at 840 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, 111.

                                              FARNSWORTH WRIGHT, Editor.

Copyright 1932, by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company.

Contents for June, 1932

Cover Design________________________________J. Allen St. John

             Illustrating a scene in "The Devil’s Pool"

The Eyrie______________________________________________ 724

            A chat with the readers

Birch Trees---------------------------Marvin Luter Hill 726

            Verse; decoration by C. C. Sent

The Devil’s Pool-------------------------Greye La Spina 728

             A tremendous werewolf story, full of eery thrills and shudders—by the author
             of "Invaders from the Dark"

Black Invocation_____________________________Paul Ernst 763

            A strange tale of a fearful elemental that was evoked by the chanting of a
            formula from an old Latin parchment

[CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE]

 722

OOPTIUOHTO IN GUAT BRITAIN
[continued from preceding page]

In the Left Wing______August W. Derleth and Mark Schorer 772

      A tale of dark powers unloosed by one who could not bear to see his sweet-
      heart consigned to the grave

This Thing I Wish________________________Alfred I. Tooke 783

      Verse

The Siren of the Snakes______________________Arlton Eadie 784

      A multitude of creeping things came out of the dark forest in a wave of hid-
      eous gliding death—a thrill-tale of India

The Brain-Eaters__________________Frank Belknap Lang, Jr. 794

       A spine-chilling story of a weird horror from four-dimensional space, and the
       dead men who sat in the boat

The Devil’s Bride (part 5)------------------Seabury Quinn 803

      A novel of devil-worship, that contains horror, thrills, shudders, suspense,
      breath-taking interest, and vivid action

The Ghoul Gallery________________________Hugh B. Cave 822

      The story of at: eldritch honor that leaped out of the black night—a vivid
      tale that you will not soon forget

The Weird of Avoosl Wuthoqquan______Gark Ashton Smith 835

      A fantastic tale of two magnificent emeralds and how they returned to the
      vampiric entity that owned them

Under the Eaves--------------------------Helen M. Reid 841

      It came in the night and the rain, that terrible sound of some one tapping
      against the window

Weird Story Reprint:

  Frankenstein (part 2)________Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley 843

      A famous novel that for more than one hundred years has been acclaimed a
      masterpiece of weird horror

  For Advertising' Kates in WEIRD TALES Apply Direct to

                    WEIRD TALES

   Western Advertising Office: Central Advertising Office:	Eastern Advertising Office:

    NORMAN C. NOI7RSE HARLEY L. WARD, INC.	D. P. RIKER, Mgr.

  1031 S. Broadway 360 N. Michigan Ave.	303 Fourth Ave.

    Los Angcies, Calif. Chicago, 111.	New York, N. Y.

                            Phone, Central 6209	Phone, Gramercy 6380

72i
THERE is much diversity of opinion among you, the readers, as to whether we
should continue to print serials in our Weird Story Reprint department. We
asked you, in the Eyrie of last month’s Weird Tales, whether you wanted us
to offer Dracula and other weird novels to you after Frankenstein is concluded. The
consensus so far is that we should not print Dracula, because so many of our readers
have already read this famous vampire novel by Bram Stoker; but the preponderance
of letters received from you approves of our reprinting Frankenstein. The question
is still open, and we will follow your wishes in this matter.

     Leonard Geoghagan, of London, England, expresses the prevailing view in a
letter to the Eyrie. "The Wolf-Leader by Alexandre Dumas was a thrilling and fas-
cinating story,” he writes, "and Weird Tales deserves my heartiest thanks for re-
printing it. But Dracula is another matter, for most lovers of weird fiction are al-
ready acquainted with that novel. I say: If you can offer us any more weird novels
such as The Wolf-Leader, which we can not obtain at the book stores, then by all
means print them as weird story reprints. But thumbs down on Dracula and others
of that ilk, for we have already read them.”

     Sophia Mundt, of Savannah, Georgia, writes to the Eyrie: "I am in favor of
more serials in each issue, and longer stories. The weirder the stories are, the bet-
ter I like them. I like ghost stories and stories of vampires and werewolves best of all.”
"If you publish serials for your reprint department,” writes Jack Darrow, of Chi-
cago, "pick out those not so well known and those that are out of print. Dracula and
Frankenstein can be obtained in any book store.”

     The same view is expressed by F. D. Arden, of Detroit, who writes: "It was
with dismay that I read, in the April Eyrie, of your intention of using Frankenstein
and Dracula as reprints in serial form. The only weak link in Weird Tales has been
the reprints. For one thing, one serial is sufficient in an issue. If you reprint serials
you will be carrying two continued stories; and as was the case with The Wolf-Leader,
when the regular feature serial concludes and another begins, three serials will be in
one issue. Too many serials. My suggestion is that instead of reprinting stories writ-
ten in the Nineteenth Century, use only those taken from back numbers of Weird
Tales."

     A letter from Lester Anderson, of Hayward, California, says: "If you must
have long serials, Stoker wrote other novels besides Dracula, and those novels are

(Please turn to page 859),

       .724
Every Lover of Mystery Stories

   Is Entitled to These Twelve Masterpieces
   of Detective Fiction

FREE

12 Detective
Stoi
N<

 10

 11

 12

 Here They Are

Crimson Poppies—Dr. Howes evolves a fiend-
ish plot to inherit the wealth of a lunatic
millionaire.

Buff—A cub reporter and a death mystery—a
story that works up to a crashing climax.
The Triangle of Terror—A gooseflesh story
that will send the cold shivers up your spine.
The Volley of Missing Men—Read how Par-
kinson discovered this baffling mystery—a
story pulsating with hair-raising incidents.
The Sign of the Toad—An eery deteotive
story, full of exciting situations and mysteri-
ous deaths.

The Mystery at Eagle Lodge—Soul-gripping,
fascinating, tense, full of action—You will
move in the land of make-believe with a touch
of the unreal.

The Web—This tale threads the sinister net
that was torn asunder by the murder of
James Blake.

The Glass Kye—The convict worked out a
clever and diabolical scheme, but a dead man's
eye betrayed him.

Ten Dangerons Honrs—Bristling with excite-
ment and full of surprises—a remarkable
story with thrills galore.

Disappearing Bullets—Crammed with blood-
curdling action and strange happenings in the
underworld—master-mind crooks and crim-
inals.

The Green-Eyed Monster—A thrilling book,
replete with startling climaxes and bristling
with action.

Derring-Do—A vivid tale of Chinamen, opium
traffic, the secret service, and desperate
lighting.

WE WANT YOU TO HAVE THIS GIFT

READ the encounters of Experience Smith, mas-
ter detective, in his effort to solve the baffling
mystery of "Disappearing Bullets”—a swift-
action story with dramatic situations. Each one an
exciting detective story. These novels formerly sold
for the regular price of $1.00 per set. Now, for a
limited time only, we are giving them away abso-
lutely free with a year’s subscription to Oriental
Stories, the latest magazine of thrilling mystery ad-
venture stories.

SPECIAL INTRODUCTORY OFFER

Oriental Stories is rapidly growing in circulation
because of its fascinating stories of the East. The
Orient makes a romantic appeal to the imagination
that no other part of the world can equal. The in-
scrutable mystery of Tibet, the veiled allure of
Oriental harems, the charge of fierce Arab tribes-
men, the singing of almond-eyed maidens under a
Japanese moon, the whirling of dervishes, the bar-
baric splendor of mediaeval sultans, the ageless life
of Egypt—from all these the story-writers weave
charms to shut out the humdrum world of every-
day life, and transport the reader into a fairyland
of imagination, but a fairyland that exists in its

full reality in Asia. Simply send $1.00, the regular
yearly subscription prioe for ORIENTAL STORIES,
and the 12 Detective Story Novels will be sent to
you without cost. A $2.00 value for $1.00. You re-
ceive the magazine for one year and the novels free
of charge. The supply of novels is limited, so hurry.

ORIENTAL STORIES

810 N. Michigan Ave., Dept. A-9, Chicago, 111.

ORIENTAL STORIES, Dept. A-9,

840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, 111.

I enclose $1.00. Send at once, postage prepaid,
the 12 Detective Story Novels advertised, and enter
my subscription to ORIENTAL STORIES for one
year to begin with the current issue. It is under-
stood this $1.00 is payment in full.

Name

Address_______________________——---

City__________________________ State-

725
r

m

x

  by MARVIN LUTER HILL

 -

 Birch trees have talked to me on many a night,
 They whispered ghostly tales in words of white,
 And syllabled with light.

 Their leaves have sighed
 Of how men died
 By quick swords,
 glistening
 In moonlight, where the spring
 Trickled in mire
 That turned to liquid fire.

 And when their flesh was dust,

 Their stark bones gleaming in
 Moon-textures wan and thin,

 Would rise and thrust
 Their flashing blades into
 Each other—sulfur-blue
 Those swords were seen
 Darting between
 Their ribs—worm-eaten clean—

 Till blood, like moonbeams, dripped
 To the ground, where they skipped
 Fighting and grinning,

 Feinting and spinning,

 Until the dawn
 Glimmered—and they were
 gone!

 They told of how birds
   came,

 As thick as clouds at sunset, bringing buds
 Of crimson in their beaks till all the woods
 Were a glory of flame!

 And the creeks would essay
 To flow uphill, their spray—

 A tangle of light on the breeze—

 Spiraling over the trees.

 Oh, I have seen
 Tall birch trees lean
 Along the moonlight, dwelling
 On memories, and telling
 Them to the night
 In words of white,.

726
&earn

WHY YOU

Get These Facts

STAMMER

— and how readily others secure relief

This 279-page Book Tells —Here is a book

 worth its weight in gold to you if you stammer,
 stutter or have any speech trouble. It ia a book fairly
 overflowing with the real, definite, tangible, hard-to-get
 facts about stammering. It is packed with priceless
 pointers that have never before appeared in print—tells
 dozens of things you have long wanted to know—tears
 away the veil of doubt, mystery and guesswork and reveals
 the plain truth about speech and its defects.

Would You Like To Know-

The Secret of Correcting Stam-
  mering

A Successful Method of Correc-
  tion

Cases That Cannot Be Corrected
How to Determine Whether Tour
Case Can Be Corrected
The Real Cause of Stammering
and Stuttering
The Peculiarities of Stammering
The Intermittent Tendency
Can Stammering Be Outgrown?
Effect of Stammering on the Mind
Child Stammering — Advice to
Parents

Speech Disorders of Youth—and
Their Dangers
Where Does Stammering Lead?
Some Cases I Have Met
The Correction of Stammering by
Mail

-Why you are tetter at some
times than at others ?

-Why you have trouble talking
over the phone 7

-Why there ia a difference when
you talk to strangers?

-Why you can sometimes sing
without trouble?

-Why you are more nervous at
some times than at others?

-Why some cases cannot be Cor-
rected?

-Why you talk differently when
angry?

-Why you are sometimes free
from your trouble ?

 —How stammering Interferes with
 normal expression?

—How stammering causes nerv-
ousness ?

—How stammering affects tha
mind?

—How stammering affects tha
health?

—How we learn to speak?

 —How readily the author secured
 relief after stammering toe
 nearly 20 years?

 i—How readily stammering can ba
 corrected ?

 —How to determine whether your
 case can be corrected?

  Based on 31 Years Experience

   This book is the condensed and crystallized experience of
 Benjamin N. Bogue, principal of the Bogue Institute for Stam-
 merers, who gives to the stammerer in this book the result of
 more than thirty-one years’ constant study, research and in-
 vestigation, during which time he has met more than 24,000
 stammerers, diagnosed 108,000 cases of speech trouble, and cor-
 responded with more than 231,000 other persons who stammer.

A Remarkable Volume

  No matter how long you have stammered or stuttered, no matter |
how old you are, what caused your trouble, how many courses you
have taken, how many schools you have attended, how many books
you have read or how much studying you have done, you need this
book on “Stammering” which gives a wealth of new facts, late dis- ]
coveries and startling revelations on stammering and kindred speech
disorders. This book is clearly written, easy to understand and goes
straight to the point, telling the HOW and the WHY and the WHERE-
FORE.

Fact* on “STAMMERING'

Contains 279 pages of I
facts, printed in clear, J
clean, readable type on
Antique Book P a p e r. I
Bound in Maroon Book I
Cloth, cover and back J
stamped in Gold.

 Use This Coupon

 If you stammer or stutter or have any impediment la

 your speech, you are losing If you don’t get this book,
 Find out how readily the author’s trouble was oor-

                                                                              I enclose 10 cents. Pleaso
 send me by return mail, all
 charges prepaid, your big
 279-page clothbound book on
 rected after being pronounced hopeless; what causes	“Stammering.”

your own trouble and whether it can be corrected;	Name............................

 get all these valuable pointers, these vital facts, >

Merely send the coupon with 10 cents to cover	Street..............................

postage and packing and this book will come .‘Wp £<;(■„	State

to you postpaid—nothing to pay Jater-the A7 ^ 8ENiAMIN j| BOGUE, D.p.w 3J*.............

 book is yours to keep—to use—to profit

by- BENJAMIN N. BOGUE

1326 1147 N. Ifliooit St., Inbuuixlu. Isdiaaa

■

■

a

■

II

 ront^^^	1147 North Illinois Sntrt, Indianapolis, Indiana “

727,
evil's Pool

By GREYE LA SPINA

A thrilling novel of an evil pool in an abandoned quarry—an

  eery werewolf story

  1.	"I’d willingly sell my soul to the
              Devil. . .

“K H "1HERE ain’t going to be no wed-
5 din’,’’ said the taxi-driver, his
thick brows scowling upon Ma-
son Hardy.

  "No wedding? You’re crazy,” said the
prospective best man, and laughed easily.

  ’•Yeah?”

  "Mr. Baker would have gotten word
to me, if that were the case,” Hardy as-
serted, his keen eyes upon the driver’s
dour, melancholy visage.

  ’’Yeah?”

  Hardy lost patience. "Listen, my good
fellow! If you’ve anything to impart, be
kind enough to get it over without delay.
The wedding is set for two o’clock today
and it’s now noon.”

  The taxi-driver drooped heavily in his
seat. "Mister, kin there be a weddin’
without a bride?” he asked. This was in-
deed a pointed query.

  "A wedding without a bride?” echoed
the other, puzzled.

  "Says you.”

  "What on earth do you mean?” Hardy
snapped.

  "I mean that Miss Selene Arkwright
left town about six weeks ago.”

  "The hell she did!”

  "Hell’s got more to do with it than you
might think, mister. If you ain’t heard
from Mr. Baker fer the last coupla months
you’ve got a nice earful cornin’ to you.
Me ... I lost my little kid Jacky the
same way,” said the taxi-driver’s harsh
728

voice, and was suddenly tremulous and
tender.

  Mason Hardy stripped off his rucksack
and tossed it into the cab. He mounted
the front seat with the driver.

  "Step on it,” he ordered briskly. "And
give me a line on tilings as we go along.”

  "My kid was only five years old,” began
the driver brokenly, slipping the clutch
into gear, "an’ he was playin’ around with
a bunch of other kids on the edge of Bau-
mann’s woods one afternoon about a
month ago, an’ the other kids said later
that a tall, thin, ugly-lookin’ man came
out of the woods and promised any of
them a bag of candy if they’d go along
with him. An’ my kid was so little . . .
he went.”

  "Well?” prompted Hardy impatiently,
yet with an undertone of sympathy.

  "He ain’t never come back, mister.
The chief of police sent out a coupla men,
and we hunted and hunted, but all we
found was little Jacky’s cap lyin’ at the
foot of a tree near the old quarry. The
chief questioned Lem Schwartz ... we
was sure he was the man the kids was
tellin’ about . . . but Lem said the kid
must’ve fell into the pool and got
drownded.”

  "‘Sorry, old chap. But what has this
to do with Miss Arkwright?”

  "Well, mister, perhaps she fell into the
pool, an’ maybe it put a spell or somethin’
on her, so she can’t leave Baumann’s any
more.”

  Had it not been for the man’s loss of
his little boy, Hardy would have given
THE DEVIL’S POOL

72 9

way to derisive laughter, but the taxi
man’s face, distorted with grief, restrained
him from giving voice to his amusement
at the absurd theory.

  "We’ll have to look into this,” he said
sympathetically. "What do you figure is
wrong with the pool?”

  "That’s queer, too, mister,” said the
taxi-driver. "Old Eli’s granddaughter
had a bad fall about a year ago an’ ain’t
been able to walk sence. Old Eli sets
store by that little gal, the way I did by
my Jacky. Folks say he bust out cryin’
one day down at the post-office an’ said
he’d willin’ly sell his soul to the devil if
he could only give his little Janie the
things she wanted. An’ they do say it
weren’t long after that they was a bossy
hired man out on Eli’s place, an’ if Lem
Schwartz ain’t close to bein’ a devil I miss

my say-so.” He concluded with a grunt
of disgust.

  "Interesting,” commented youngHardy,
"but hardly conclusive.”

  'That ain't all,” continued the driver,
punctuating his remarks with nervous
movements of his foot on the accelerator
that sent the taxi forward in spasmodic
jerks. "There ain’t been no heavy rains
about these parts for mor’n a year, an’ jet
that hole in the quarry is all filled up . . .
with water, I suppose, even if none of us
that’s seen it likes the queer looks of it.
Acts as if it was alive,” muttered the taxi
man half under his breath.

  "Probably a spring?” offered the young-
er man.

  "Spring nothin’,” snorted the driver
with the utmost contempt for such an easy
solution of his puzzle. "That quarry pool
i730

WEIRD TALES

wasn’t there the day before Lem Schwartz
was first seen on old Eli’s farm, and the
day after he was there, the pool was
there.” His tone said plainly: Now,
don’t think you can get around that.

Hardy thought it best not to dispute
the miraculous appearance of the
pool that had synchronized with the com-
ing of the devilish Lem. He remained
silent until the cab drew up before an un-
pretentious bungalow prettily set in an
attractively landscaped plot.

  "Here y’are, mister. An’ if there’s a
weddin’, I’ll drive you free of charge,”
scoffed the driver, accepting his fare and
tip with a brief nod of thanks. "No
weddin’ without a bride, an’ you’ll find
Miss Arkwright can’t get away from that
pool,” he prophesied in a low, fierce
voice. "It ain’t got no bottom, that
pool ... we dragged it ... an’ I be-
lieve it goes straight down to hell. An’
if it does, I’m the man that’ll be sendin’
that devil at Baumann’s back to where he
belongs, one of these here days.”

  He threw in his clutch, stepped on the
gas, and his cab departed rattling down
the village street.

  Hardy looked after the cab with puz-
zled face. When he turned to walk up
the gravelled path to the bungalow, he
was disturbed to see his old college friend
dashing out of the front door and down
to meet him. In that hasty oncoming he
read something of ill omen.

  "Mason! You didn’t get my letters?”
cried out the bridegroom in a kind of wild
abandon to the nervous excitement all too
clearly pervading him.

  "I didn’t stop home at all, old man,”
deprecated Mason. He did not elucidate,
thinking it unnecessary. Earl Baker knew
that he spent weeks at a time hiking in
out-of-the-way places for antiques, rarely
getting in touch with home or office dur-
ing his absences*

  "I am almost out of my head, Mason,”
groaned Earl Baker, seizing his friend’s
arm with frenzied grasp. "Come into the
house. I’ve so much to tell you, and I
don’t know where to begin,” he choked.

  Hardy slung his knapsack over one
shoulder and hurriedly went up the path.
He was shocked and perturbed at the
evidences of nervous strain shown by his
ordinarily poised friend. Apparently
there had been fragments of truth in the
taxi man’s strange innuendoes.

  Once inside the house, he flung the
knapsack to one side and pushed his
friend down into a big chair, seating him-
self opposite.

  "Control yourself, Earl,” he command-
ed sharply. "Why, man, your nerves
must be in ruinous shape, for you to let
yourself go the way you’re doing.”

  Earl Baker jerked out a short, wretched
sound that may have been meant for de-
risive laughter, but that fell harsh and
jangling upon the ear.

  "Do you think it’s so easy for a man to
lose his bride without her offering the
slightest reason for jilting him?”

  "Selene has jilted you?” cried Hardy in-
credulously.

  "Well, it amounts to that,” almost
moaned the deserted bridegroom.

  "For the love of heaven, get this story
out of your system, Earl,” exploded Ma-
son Hardy. "The taxi-driver nearly drove
me frantic with wild yarns about devilish
hired men and mysterious pools and a
drowned child and Selene’s disappearance.
Pull yourself together, man, and tell me
what it’s all about. Do you get married
today, or don’t you?”

  "I don’t,” admitted Earl wretchedly.
"A couple of months ago Selene went
down to Eli Baumann’s farm to teach
Janie kindergarten work, and after she’d
made two or three visits there, she just
didn’t come back.”

  "Just stayed on? You mean, she re-
THE DEVIL S POOL

731

fused to come back here? That she isn’t
being detained forcibly?"

  "That’s what I mean.”

  "It’s incredible, old man. Selene loved
you. She—she couldn’t just stay away like
that without a good reason.”

  "There is a reason, but she won’t tell
me what it is. So I asked Father Paul to
see her.”

  "Father Paul is still here, is he? Good
old man. . . . When did he see her?”
"He went this morning. I’m expecting
him back any minute.”

  Hardy drew the curtain aside and
stared down the street against the light
of the blazing afternoon sun. As yet
there was no sign of the plump gray
horse that took Father Paul about the
country on parochial visits. He shook his
head and let the curtain drop into place.
Earl sighed heavily, lips quivering. Ma-
son’s alert blue eyes slipped past that thin,
ascetic face, for he disliked to confront
the trouble he read only too easily upon it.

"You don’t suppose the mysterious at-
traction on the Baumann farm has got-
ten its clutches into Father Paul, do you?”
Earl shook his head decidedly. :'Oh,
no,” he asseverated.

  "But if it got hold of Selene, why not
Father Paul?” argued Mason, not illogi-
cally.

  Earl pushed back his untouched lunch.
"I believe he knows too much for them,
Mason. They’re afraid of him.”

  "They?” queried the other significantly.
"They ... or it. I really don’t think I
quite know what I do mean, old man.
This business about Selene has just broken
me up. Everything was fine until she
went down there at old Eli’s request, to
give Janie kindergarten instruction. From
then on, it’s been . . . well, inferno,” he
ended, bitter sharpness pointing his words.
"Hark! I thought I heard hoofs.”

  Mason lifted the curtain again. "He’s
coming. Sorry, old chap, but he’s alone.”

     2.	"The dead man on his feet,
             staring. . .

      OD-r” ejaculated Earl Baker, clasping
VT and unclasping his nervous hands
and throwing an impassioned look up-
ward. "For nearly two months she’s been
down on that impoverished farm, telling
me to keep away from her and forget
her. Why?”

  "It’s a dam queer situation, Earl, I must
admit. Hello, Father Paul,” and Mason
turned to greet the newcomer, who had let
himself into the house with the freedom
of a welcome intimate.

  The priest was short, sturdily built,
slightly florid. From his round, wide face
beamed small but pleasant blue eyes of
the understanding kind that can twinkle
impartially upon saint or sinner. He
stamped in heavily, pulled out a chair and
sank into it, puffing.

  "This July heat is phenomenal,” he
gasped, as soon as he could catch his
breath sufficiently to speak. "Pour me a
glass of water, my boy. I’m that perish-
ing with thirst I can hardly think.”

  Earl Baker, pouring the requested
water, spoke with downcast eyes as if he
feared to meet the other’s gaze.

 "Selene-?”

  Over the priest’s round face a troubled
expression deepened.

  "Is she . . . well?”

  "Not exactly well . . . but neither is
she ill,” appended Father Paul cryptically.

  Earl’s finely ascetic face darkened. He
struck the table with his clenched fist, a
blow that set the dishes a-dance.

  "I can’t stand this sort of thing much
longer,” he said in a soft, restrained voice,
addressing himself to no one in particular.
"It is incomprehensible. She loved me
t732

WEIRD TALES

and promised to marry me. Yet she goes
down and stays there without a word of
explanation and only tells me coldly to
forget her.”

  The kindly blue eyes of Father Paul
narrowed with thought. "If she bids you
forget her, my son, she must have suffi-
cient reason, for she was a good girl.”
"Why do you put it in the past tense?”
Earl snapped. "I ask you, why should
my betrothed leave her work, and the man
whom she had promised to marry, and
settle down to spend her life among com-
plete strangers on a wretched backwoods
farm where there is quite nothing to offer
attraction to a young and beautiful girl?
It’s inexplicable, I tell you, by any process
of logical reasoning.”

  "Perhaps it might help matters to look
at the situation from some other than a
logical standpoint,” suggested Father
Paul gently. "You know that my opin-
ion is-”

  "I can not give credence to wild super-
stitions,” exclaimed Earl impatiently.
"What can a drowned child have to do
with my Selene?”

  Father Paul sighed heavily. "It might
have much to do with her, but I pray God
it has not . . . yet.”

  Earl stared at him a moment, then ut-
tered a wretched 'laugh. With ironical
intonation he said to Mason: "Father
Paul believes that some ancient evil entity
has been drawn into manifestation on old
Eli’s farm, and that my future wife has
somehow been snared in his net. The
bare idea of Selene’s being involved in
anything that isn’t splendid and fine is an
insult!” cried the lover angrily.

  Mason Hardy held up one hand to
quiet his disturbed friend.

  "Well, Earl, it's possible even if not
probable. Aren’t you always saying that
there are spiritual laws available for those
human beings who come into knowledge

of them, to make life easier, richer? Why
couldn’t an undesirable individual get
hold of the workings of those same laws,
applying them for purely selfish ends?”

  "Absurd. Old Eli is the most harmless
of antiquated farmers, wrapped up in his
orphaned granddaughter Janie, who’s a
cripple. Besides those two, there’s only
their hired man.”

  "Lem Schwartz is about the most evil
individual I’ve encountered in all my years
of ministration,” interrupted the priest,
his wide face paling as he looked from one
man to the other. "He’s so evil that I felt
the disturbing spirit of him in his very
atmosphere. He’s tall, and gaunt, and of
saturnine aspect. There’s something so
repellent about him that I fail to find
words for adequate explanation,” mused
Father Paul. "That man is ... I dis-
like to say it . . . thoroughly bad. I’m
convinced of it. I don’t know how I can
be so positive, but I am.”

  "What influence could that country
boor have upon a girl like Selene?”

  Father Paul disregarded the younger
man’s contemptuous query, and went on
thinking aloud. "From the way old Eli
acted this morning, I rather think he’d be
glad to get out of whatever mischief he’s
managed to get into. I don’t understand
yet just what it is, for while he is terrified
by Lem Schwartz, he is also resentful and
bitter against him. It’s an odd situation.”
"Is it possible that Selene’s feelings
have been acted upon by Janie’s pathetic
condition?” inquired Mason thoughtfully.

  "For me,” pronounced Father Paul
with decision, "Janie is the key to the
whole situation.”

  "Janie!” almost snorted Earl Baker,
with an exasperated look at the old priest,
who bore his scrutiny with tranquil poise.

  "What could that fourteen-year-old
girl have to do with the situation, Fa-
THE DEVIL S POOL

733

ther?” inquired Mason. He was frankly
curious.

  "Well, my son, it is difficult to put
my feelings into words. Janie isn’t stupid,
but she isn’t very ... what I’d call bright.
She has moments of peculiar insight that
are positively uncanny, and then again
she is just a very childish, ingenuous little
girl. Her grandfather is whole-heartedly
devoted to her. Yes, I feel assured that
in Janie we shall find the key to the situa-
tion.”

   Earl Baker crumpled the tablecloth un-
der one hand that kept opening and shut-
ting nervously upon it. "All this is un-
bearable. We keep talking, talking, spec-
ulating, speculating. . . . And Selene stays
in that miserable place, held by some mys-
terious attraction which has allured her to
the extent of making her withdraw her
promise of marriage.”

Father paul, again disregarding the
young man’s outburst, commented ir-
relevantly, brow furrowed: "Eli has an-
other guest, by the way; a young Jewish
fellow, named Harry Epstein. He was
around town during the week of the coun-
ty fair. Drove a little canvas-topped Ford
truck with an old piano on it and sang
popular songs to his own accompani-
ment. Sold sheet music.”

   "Do you mean to tell me that that fel-
low’s being held there, too?” asked Earl,
his ascetic face all at once drawn into a
sneer. "This is too much!” He groaned
and dropped his distorted face into his
twitching hands.

  "Epstein warned me off,” said Father
Paul, a reminiscent smile drawing wrin-
kles into the corners of his kindly blue
eyes. "Said he hoped to leave there,
bringing Miss Arkwright, in the course of
a couple of months. And old Eli, at
whom he kept looking strangely as he

said it, gave a terrible moaning cry and
rushed off to hide himself somewhere.”

  "I can’t get my soul quieted!” cried the
tortured lover wildly. "They won’t let
me go onto the Baumann place now, Ma-
son.”

  "Listen, old man. What’s to prevent
my scouting about a bit and trying to find
out what this mess is, anyway?” offered
Hardy, his keen blue eyes alight with eag-
er speculation. "Bet you I can bring Se-
lene away!” He looked across the table
and up at the mantelpiece, where stood a
large photograph in solitary importance,
the portrait of a grave-faced, beautiful
girl. "Where did that Schwartz fellow
hail from, Father Paul?”

  "Nobody seems to know. He appeared
one day on the Baumann place, shortly
after old Eli had been heard to make a
statement about selling his soul to the
devil for Janie’s sake. The fellow has as
evil a face as I have ever s«en,” and the
good man crossed himself rapidly at the
memory of it.

  "What do you think of my chances of
getting in and finding out how matters
stand?”

  "You may get in there and you may be
able to get a line on what the whole thing
means, unless you are drawn into it your-
self.”

  "And suppose I am?” contemptuously.
"Why can not I g* word then to you
people, so that you’ll be able to come
down to the rescue?”

  "That might help us greatly, my son.”

  "Strange that Selene won’t tell me what
it’s all about,” complained the deserted
bridegroom. "If you can do what you say,
Mason, I shall never be able to repay
you.” His eyes were eloquent.

  Hardy laughed.

  "It’s the peace of my soul, too. I shall
never be able to go on with my *Y’ work
here, if Evil is to be allowed to triumph
734

WEIRD TALES

over Good, as it seems so far to have
done,” finished Earl despondently.

  "How big is that Schwartz fellow? Big-
ger than I?” asked Mason of the priest,
squaring his broad tweed-clad shoulders
with the shyly conscious air of a man who
does not have to be told that he is in the
pink of condition.

  "You won’t have to fight him the way
you’re thinking,” retorted the priest. "At
least, I don’t think so. But you’ll have to
make up your mind not to be afraid of
anything that might happen. The fact
that a thing does happen, Mr. Hardy,
brings it within the jurisdiction of the
laws of natural phenomena.”

  Mason caught a certain significance of
tone and said, with a flash of keen blue
eyes: "I don’t think I’m afraid of any-
thing . .. regular.”

  "It’s not the regular thing that makes
the blood run chill, my son,” replied the
priest. "It’s the irregularity of a thing
that sometimes makes it seem terrible.
The dead man lying at rest in his coffin
isn’t terrifying. It’s the dead man on his
feet, staring at you through the half-light
of a dim room that makes your hair stand
on end.”

  “There won’t be any dead men walk-
ing on the Baumann farm,” the younger
man asserted skeptically. "So I shall have
nothing to fear.”

  "There is the Destruction Which Walk-
eth at noonday,” suggested the priest
softly.

  Mason met the old eyes squarely. "As
long as it is noonday, I can see It and
keep out of Its way. And as the full moon
is due in two days, even the nights will
be bright for a while yet.” He laughed
again, his easy, confident laugh.

  "The light of the full moon does not
bring security, my son. It has its own
peculiar perils,” murmured Father Paul,
oddly.

  "All this mysterious chatter gets us no-
where,” snapped Earl Baker, his nerves
obviously at the breaking-point.

  "Buck up, Earl. I’ll go there tomorrow
morning. And I’m a go-getter, you know.
We’ll have your sweetheart back, or know
the reason why.”

  "Knowing the reason why might not
be a consolation, my son,” murmured an
ironical voice, as Father Paul tugged
down the vest that immediately wrinkled
back on his plump body.

  "I’ve an idea, Mason,” offered Earl
Baker, eagerly. "Suppose you go down
and can’t get word to us if you’re de-
tained? Why not pretend you’re a violin-
ist on vacation?”

  "Can’t play a note, old man,” scoffed
Mason. "And why?”

  "That means nothing in this case. I’ll
give you my violin. They’ll surely ask
you to play. Then if they do, and won’t
let you come back, pretend to be tempera-
mental and tell them you’ve got my vio-
lin by mistake, and have them take it
back for exchange.”

  "Sorry, but I don’t see-”

  "Can’t you give me a chance? If that
violin is sent back here, instead of your
coming yourself, we’ll understand that
you’re being detained.”

  "I get you. In the nature of an SOS ?”
  "Exactly.”

  "Not so bad, Earl,” commended Hardy.
Father Paul turned, where he stood in
the doorway on his way out.

  "Your friend is loaning you his violin,
Mr. Hardy. I’m going to give you some-
thing, too. Something that ought to be
useful, and you can have it for your own
all your life.” His voice was dark with
import. "Don’t forget that Evil can not
utterly triumph as long as there is the
slightest desire or effort to hold on to
Good.”
THE DEVIL S POOL

,735

  His heavy tread went down the hall-
way like the portentous footfall of Fate.

3.	"For God’s sake, get away from here
            while you can!”

His hiking knapsack strapped on his
back, and Earl’s violin-case in his
hand, Mason got through the boundary
fence that separated the Baumann farm
from the state highway, disregarding the
many large warnings against trespass that
were nailed every few yards. Mason did
not wish to let his presence be known
until late afternoon, for when the shad-
ows lengthened a lost hiker might be
expected to ask some direction to town, or
even a night’s shelter. Moreover, he was
in hopes that Selene Arkwright might, by
some happy chance, stroll in the woods,
in which case he could have a few words
with her alone.

   His wrist-watch said it was a little after
one o’clock. He had plenty of time to
follow up trails in the Baumann woods,
and with this in mind, and a keen grate-
fulness for the thick shade of the shelter-
ing trees (the July sun was unbearably
hot), he took a slightly worn path that he
figured would lead him into the center of
the woods. By half-past two he had suc-
cumbed to the stifling humidity of the
super-heated air and was looking about
for a favorable spot under a tree, where
he could safely take a siesta.

   From time to time the pathway led past
great granite ledges, and all at once an
agreeable sight met the wayfarer’s eyes.
One of these ledges had been quarried
out deeply; almost the entire center had
been cut away, leaving a deep hollow
some twenty feet across. In this great
artificial bath of granite sparkled, as if
with some innate life of its own, such
clear and glittering water as Hardy had
rarely seen. Usually forest pools are dank,
stagnant, full of decaying unpleasant-

nesses. But this water attracted by its ap-
pearance of inviting coolness; the spark-
ling ripples almost called their message
of refreshment. What Hardy did not
notice was that there was not a breath of a
breeze to stir the surface of that ever-in-
motion pool. ...

  To a man melting in July heat, the
temptation was insuperable. Hardy made
a quick survey of the near-by woods, find-
ing no opening in the infrequently used
trail that might point out a possibility of
embarrassing interruption. Promptly the
knapsack tumbled at'the foot of a tree,
and near it the violin-case was laid. The
khaki outing shirt flew over Mason’s head
and he sat down on the mossy ground to
remove his shoes. Busied with the laces,
he did not notice the approach of a man
who stopped directly in front of him,
until the newcomer spoke in a sharply in-
cisive tone, with significant tenseness.

  "Stop!” said this man, and with one
foot pushed away Mason’s busy fingers
that were engaged in untying shoe-laces.

  Young Hardy jerked his head upward
with a startled exclamation, then got
quickly to his feet, eyeing the newcomer
curiously.

  "You’re trespassing. Didn’t you see
the signs?” asked the man, with a gesture
toward the very tree under which Mason
had laid the violin and knapsack. As he
spoke, his eyes shot agitated glances over
his shoulder, in what Mason surmised
might be the direction of the Baumann
farmhouse.

  "What’s your trouble?” countered Ma-
son lightly. "This place yours?”

  The other man jerked an impatient
head. “Never mind whose place it is.
What I’m telling you is to get off it as
quickly as you can make it, if you value
your life and your sanity!”

  "I think you must be Harry Epstein,”
observed Mason acutely..
,73 6

WEIRD TALES

  The dark, Hebraic face scowled. "How
did you know?”

  ‘ Father Paul.”

  "Hmm. Well, I’m Epstein. What of
it? Listen, whoever you may be. Get
away from here while the going’s good.
Understand? And thank your God-”

  He broke off abruptly, as a sharp
whistle cut the air imperatively. Then he
added hastily, in a half-whisper: "I
mustn’t be seen talking to you. But for
God’s sake, get away from here while you
can.”

  With that he sped up the forest trail
and disappeared.

Mason hardy deliberated for a mo-
ment. He looked at his outing shirt
and one shoe lying on the moss. Then he
laughed shortly, got off the other shoe,
and in a moment had stripped and was
ready for his attractive plunge into the
inviting forest pool.

  The quarrymen had cut the rock on
that side into the semblance of a rude
flight of wide high steps. He descended
until only his head could have been
glimpsed from the woodland trail. As he
dipped one foot into the water, which was
delightfully, exhilaratingly cool, his eyes
fell upon his wrist-watch, which he had
forgotten to remove. He sprang up the
steps, leaving a damp trail on the granite
under the foot that had tested the water’s
temperature. Suddenly he stood stock-
still, fumbling at the strap of the watch.

  Sitting cross-legged on the ground like
some ugly Eastern god was a man who
must have been extraordinarily tall when
he stood upright, for there seemed to be
an abnormal length of limb tucked under
him. Earl Baker’s violin-case lay open on
his lap and he was in the act of picking
at the strings with his long, wiry fingers,
just as Mason came up out of the pool.
The impudence of the newcomer struck

Mason momentarily dumb, but in a mo-
ment he had recovered his usual poise.

  “Hey! What do you think you’re
doing, my man? Put that violin down!”
His wet foot tracking moist blots on the
granite, Mason neared the man, who
lifted his face sufficiently to inspect that
damp trail with a kind of sneering satis-
faction.

  "I really don’t understand why you
should object to my looking at property
that belongs to you,” said he pointedly,
leisurely closing the violin-case and put-
ting it down with composure. "You seem
to have been making use of other people’s
property yourself.”

  Mason stopped short as the speaker
rose, attaining his full height, that of a
man of unusually gaunt and meager pro-
portions for what must have been six feet
four inches. One look at that dark and
saturnine face was sufficient to apprise the
adventurer that he was encountering Lem
Schwartz; for only to Lem could have be-
longed those piercing black eyes that low-
ered evilly under bushy, overhanging eye-
brows that met in a straight line over the
hooked nose; only Lem could have smiled
with such a wide spread of snarling, thin
lips that the impression between them of
those sharp and glistening white teeth
was as of a fierce and implacable wild
beast, restrained momentarily, but mo-
mentarily only.

  "Sorry,” deprecated Mason, somewhat
abashed at this inapropos meeting with
Lem Schwartz, which was not at all of his
planning. "But the heat was so oppres-
sive and the pool so inviting-”

  Lem Schwartz bent his terrible smile
upon the granite, from which the July
heat had already begun to evaporate the
younger man’s moist trail. He permitted
a gurgling laugh to escape him, a laugh
that subtly conveyed malevolence.

   "Swimming in this pool is trespassing,
my fine young man. You’ll have to go

                         W. T.—1
THE DEVIL’S POOL

,737

along with me to see what the owner
thinks about it.”

   Taken at a disadvantage, although get-
ting into the Baumann house on one ex-
cuse or another had been his primary in-
tention, the trespasser did not speak for
a moment, and Schwartz misunderstood
his silence, for he leaned down and
picked up violin-case and knapsack with
a conclusive air.

  "If you don't choose to dress, come
along as you are,” invited he with an
ugly grin. "But it’s just possible you may
prefer to dress. There’s a nice young lady
up at the farmhouse.”

   Mason bit his lip in the difficult at-
tempt to keep his temper. He had not
planned to make his appearance under
escort like a captured criminal. However,
there was nothing to do but appear to fall
in with the saturnine Lem’s scarcely con-
cealed commands. Mason motioned an-
grily for the hired man to put down the
violin and knapsack. He then dressed
hurriedly and presently strapped the latter
article to his shoulders, and would have

picked up the violin as well, but-

   "I’d better take charge of this, young
stranger,” murmured Lem, significantly.
"Too hot to chase anybody through the
woods today,” he grunted. "Suppose you
enjoyed your stolen swim?” he inquired
suddenly, and again that snarling laugh
rent his thin lips across gleaming teeth
horridly.

Figuring that his intentions, if not the
actual facts, had made him a tres-
passer, Mason shrugged his shoulders in
acquiescence and followed his guide down
the trail until the woods opened into fine
pasture land, across from which stood a
great two-family stone farmhouse. It was
built of granite undoubtedly taken from
the quarry that now offered such delights
to a swimmer. From the chimney on one
side of the house clouds of heavy smoke
,W. T.—2

hung; the other half of the house had
drawn shades and the chimney belched no
sign of cooking preparations.

  Sitting on a long, decrepit-looking
bench on the rear porch was the round-
shouldered form of a man who straight-
ened his dejectedly hanging head as Lem
and Mason approached. This was old Eli,
Mason figured, and looked with secret
interest upon that mysterious old farmer
who was playing host to two such differ-
ent individuals as Selene Arkwright and
Harry Epstein. The old man was gray
and wizened of countenance; straggling
white hair hung in confusion on either
side of his meek brown eyes that stared
out under the shabby straw hat; his once-
black trousers and vest were white at the
seams and shiny green from long wear
and exposure to weather.

  "Brought you a fiddler this time,”
called Lem Schwartz loudly, as he ap-
proached. "Janie’ll like that, won’t she?
You can’t reproach me with forgetting
my side of a bargain, Eli.”

  The old man staggered uncertainly to
his feet, the meek brown eyes staring
upon the youthful figure behind Lem.
One hand lifted, waved them back; the
other covered a trembling old mouth
from which issued a pitiful, wailing cry
which he seemed struggling to smother,
his eyes shifting to Lem’s hard face in
what appeared mingled resentment and
fear.

  "No! No! No!” he exclaimed quaver-
ingly. "I—I don’t want any more people
here. I—I haven't room for them. I—I
can’t afford any more.”

  "Don’t be alarmed, Mr. Baumann,”
Mason Hardy reassured the old man, "I
have no intention of remaining. Just hap-
pened to be strolling in your woods, and
took the liberty of stopping for a swim in
your inviting pool, when your man-”

  "Father in Heaven! The pool? You—
you swam in the pool?”
(738

WEIRD TALES

  Lem interrupted. "He had a nice cool
swim, and I brought him here for safe-
keeping until... day after tomorrow,” he
finished, in significant tone and with a
sardonic grin. The old man’s face went
white. "Tomorrow night is the full of
the moon, you know.”

  "Sorry I trespassed,” Mason began to
apologize. "If you will permit me to do
so, I’ll gladly pay whatever you feel I
should, and then you can direct me on my
way.”

  "No . .. you’ve got to stay . . . now,”
quavered the old man, brown eyes wide,
mouth loose-lipped and trembling. "Sorry
... but I can’t let you go now . . . until

... until-”

  "Until after the full of the moon,” fin-
ished Lem Schwartz, evil black eyes hard
with ominous menace. "And then you
may see fit to remain here, Mr. Fiddler,
and play for Janie.”

  Lem might have received a sharp re-
tort had not Mason’s attention been di-
verted by the stirring of a woman’s gar-
ments. At the open door appeared a girl
of twenty-two or three, a girl whom he
recognized from the photograph on Earl
Baker’s mantel, although the eyes that had
been tranquil in the portrait were now
wide and startled, the firm lips tremulous
as if on the verge of crying out. .. . The
plainly dressed, unbobbed black hair, the
dark gray eyes, were those of Selene
Arkwright.

  As Lem spoke, she pressed both hands
convulsively against her bosom. Her gray
eyes turned with shrinking pain and hor-
ror upon the newcomer. When she spoke
it was as if the words pressed out without
her volition, from her overflowing soul.

  "Oh, you poor, unhappy man! You
have been in the quarry pool!”

  Not seeing fit to make detailed ex-
planations at that moment, in the pres-
ence of so many witnesses, Mason Hardy
nodded.

  "Harry!” called Selene, without turn-
ing.

  A man appeared from the dim room
behind her and stood looking over her
shoulder. It was the man who had
warned Mason back in the woods, and he
was now looking at the newcomer with
a kind of cold fury.

  "Idiot!” he said accusingly. That one
word, but it expressed volumes of emo-
tion.

  Lem looked from one man to the other,
a sardonic smile distorting his dark vis-
age. "You two have met before,” he
stated rather than asked. "Did you at-
tempt to warn him, Mr. Epstein?” His
mocking assumption of respectfulness
could have deceived no one. "Rather un-
wise on your part, wasn’t it? You should
have welcomed him instead, for the larger
the company grows, the more will dear
Mr. Baumann feel his moral responsi-
bility. . . .”

  Old Eli, with a shrill cry of agony,
pressed gnarled hands to his temples,
brushing off the wide straw hat with an
unheeding gesture of desperation.

  “Devil! You devil!” he stammered
wildly. "I won’t! I won’t do it! You
shan’t force me to do it! I’ll put up a sign
at the pool, to warn people-”

  Lem silenced him with a wide, unpleas-
ant smile that drew the thin lips tightly
back against the pointed white teeth. He
did not speak a single word, but old Eli’s
hands dropped to his sides, and the old
man turned abruptly around, pushed
precipitately past Selene Arkwright and
disappeared into the house.

  For a moment the hired man stood re-
garding the girl who clung, white-faced
and trembling, to the door-frame. Then
his glittering black eyes turned slowly
until the whites gleamed at the corners,
to rest with malicious satisfaction upon
Harry Epstein’s furrowed brow. Last of
all, those hard orbs, shining with reptilian
THE DEVIL S POOL

739

coldness, shifted to Mason Hardy’s wary,
puzzled countenance.

   "1 leave our fiddling friend in your
custody, Mr. Epstein, until after the full
of the moon," said he, and a horrid
chuckling choked him into further silent
merriment.

     4.	"Tonight, watch from your
             window. .»

Harry epstein, watching Lem’s de-
parture, lifted one clenched fist and
shook it with impotent menace at the
gaunt man’s back, muttering something of
dark malediction under his breath.

  Selene touched his arm nervously.
"Don’t, please, Harry. Aren’t things bad
enough as they are, without swearing?”

   The young Jew turned sullenly but with
gentle deference, and went into the room,
beckoning Mason to follow.

  "For tonight the old man will prob-
ably give you a room this side of the
house,” opined Harry Epstein, as they
went inside.

  At these apparently innocent words,
Selene gave a soft little exclamation of
distress. Her eyes and the young Jew’s
met, held, then turned away in embar-
rassment, avoiding Mason’s puzzled gaze.
Mason made a wild guess.

   "Until after the full of the moon?” he
murmured, ironically, and his keen blue
eyes flashed from Selene’s face to Harry’s,
for the two had swayed together as if by
common impulse and were regarding him
with a kind of incredulity.

  "Then you know?” the music-peddler
accused resentfully. "You came here on
purpose. I didn’t have to warn you against
the pool. Why did you go into it, then?”
sharply.

  Mason hesitated. However much he
might distrust the other man, a complete
stranger, yet Harry had tried to warn him
against something once that afternoon,

and it was evident that Selene trusted the
young Jew.

   "Earl sent me,” said Mason, finally, to
Selene.

  "You came from him?” she whispered.
"You dared come to this accursed place,
risking so much, for Earl’s sake?” Tears
stood in her fine eyes, and she had to
choke back the sob that rose in her throat.
"I recognized you almost at once, Mason
Hardy, from Earl’s old class photograph.”

   "Say, Hardy, if you knew all about the
affair, why the dickens did you make a
bee-line for the pool and jump into it?
Especially after I’d warned you to keep
out?”

  Mason laughed, his easy laugh. "You
may think you told me something, but
you didn’t get that far. Besides, I wasn’t
really in the pool at all. I just stepped in
and out again, when he appeared.” He
jerked his head in the direction Lem had
gone, to designate the object of his re-
mark.

   Selene’s gray eyes lifted. "You didn’t
immerse yourself in the pool?” she whis-
pered, with an eagerness oddly anxious
for such a simple query.

  "Just tried the temperature with one
foot, and then found I’d forgotten to take
off my wrist-watch. So I went out, and
there was that chap Lem sitting with my
violin. . . . He’s no regular hired man,
Epstein; the language he employs-”

  "Whatever he is, Mr. Violinist, he’s
got the drop on all of us here,” jerked
out Harry unwillingly. "Selene and

I-” he hesitated, with a quick glance

at the girl.

  "Go on, Harry,” she directed him.
"We can not consider conventions under
these conditions of stress,” she explained
to Mason.

  "I was just going to say that Mason,
here, will naturally eat with old Baumann
tonight. But tomorrow night,” pointedly,
"he will probably be with us.”
740

WEIRD TALES

• "Hmmm. After the full of the moon,”
commented Mason dryly, and was once
again astonished at the girl’s little choked
outcry.

  "What do you know? How much do
you know? Why do you keep on repeat-
ing that?”

  "My dear Selene, I don’t know a
thing,” confessed Mason. "But all I’ve
heard since I came here has seemed to
hinge upon the full of the moon. Can
you tell me why, yourself?”

  Selene exhaled slowly. "I thought per-
haps you knew about things here, and
could help us to get away,” she whispered,
her eyes turned to an inner door, through
which old Eli could now be seen, putter-
ing over a cooking-stove.

  "If you want to leave here,” declared
Mason, smiling, "say the word. It is just
a matter of leaving, as I see it.”

  She shook her head with a hopeless air.
"Impossible. You don’t understand the
real situation. It’s not just a matter of
walking away. It’s far more complicated
than that. Listen, Mason. . . .” She low-
ered her voice to a cautious undertone.
"We must remain here until we learn
just what old Mr. Baumann has to do to
save us from Lem’s clutches. Oh, I
daren’t tell you more, but tonight . . .
watch from your window,” she whispered
fearfully.

  "Selene!” Harry’s voice was sharp. He
laid one finger against his lips warningly.

  "But Mason is Earl’s friend,” she mur-
mured tensely. "I owe him some expla-
nation, don’t I, after he’s risked coming
here to help us? And perhaps, after to-
morrow night,” she faltered, "he’ll be
condemned to stay here, too.”

  The young Jew turned to Mason, his
face strained with anxiety.

  "If only you hadn’t stepped into the
pool!” he deprecated. "But perhaps it
won’t mean so much; you weren’t fully

immersed. I hope it’ll turn out that way,
because then you’ll be free to go back and
tell Father Paul whatever you’ve seen
down here. He’s a wise old bird. If he
can't help us, we’re sure done for,” fin-
ished the music peddler in his low, guard-
ed voice.

  "But how did Selene get into the
pool?” curiously inquired Mason, glanc-
ing cautiously toward the inner door.

  The girl herself replied. "Janie asked
me to bring her some wild columbine
blossoms from the woods. Lem offered
to show me where they were, and when
we were on the verge of the pool, he
pushed me into the water.” She shud-
dered, her gray eyes closing for a mo-
ment as if to shut out the very memory
of the scene.

  "Completely immersed. Get me? Same
here,” Epstein said.

  "But Harry jumped in to save me,” Se-
lene murmured quickly, with a grateful
glance at the young Jew.

  "Any decent man would have done the
same. That wasn’t anything, Selene.”

  "What Earl owes you, he can never re-
pay,” the girl replied, controlling her
trembling voice with difficulty.

  "Nonsense! Sh-sh-sh! Here comes Eli.”

“^UJpper is ready for the violinist,”
said the old man from just without
the door. "It’s—it’s getting dark,” he
added, in a tense tone with a shade of
something fearful in his implication.

  Selene sighed audibly. "Come, Harry.
It’s time for us to go. Don’t ask ques-
tions, Mason, please.” She stepped close
to him and put her lips against his ear.
"Don’t let them know you weren’t com-
pletely immersed in the pool,” she
breathed warningly, and left him, to fol-
low Harry across the next room to a door
that communicated with the apparently
untenanted side of the house..
THE DEVIL’S POOL

741

  As she approached, this door swung
open. Selene stopped short, so that Harry
narrowly escaped collision with her
shrinking form. Mason Hardy, straining
to see beyond the two into the darkness
of the room beyond, became aware of two
redly glittering points that seemed to re-
flect the pale light of the kerosene lamp
upon the kitchen supper table. Like eyes
were those points; evil eyes, that gloated
vindictively.

   "It’s getting dark,” said old Eli, again.
He seemed to be shrinking in abject hor-
ror from that opening door. "The sun
has set. Go! Why are you standing here?
Go! Go!”

  His voice, his words, pushed against
the reluctant two. Selene Arkwright did
not hesitate then, but moved resignedly
into the enveloping darkness of that other
room. Behind her trod Harry Epstein.
The door closed upon them. Old Eli, in
a kind of relief mingled with apprehen-
sion, sprang across the room with aston-
ishing agility for so old a man, and
turned the key in the lock hastily, trying
the door with care to be sure it was se-
curely fastened. Then he turned to his
sole remaining guest.

  "Vegetable soup,” he offered prosai-
cally. "Hope you like it. . . . Janie!”
His voice raised slightly as he went to the
foot of the staircase. "Is the soup all
right?”

  From the upper floor a girlish voice
floated down gayly.

  "Awful good, gramper. Got some
more crackers for Janie, gramper?”

   "Find a seat, mister, and help yourself.
. . . Gramper’s coming, Janie.”

  Two places had been set at the supper
table. There was some kind of dark-
colored jam, a hunk of cheese, a pot of
passable tea, as Mason discovered, pour-
ing himself a steaming cupful; plenty of
rye bread, and the vegetable soup as a

main dish. The soup was good, as Janie
had said. Mason made a fairly good meal,
in silence.

   Old Eli ate little except his plateful of
soup. His conversation (if it could be
called such) was monosyllabic, elicited by
questions directed at him in such a way
that he could hardly have avoided a reply
without discourtesy.

  That the child upstairs was listening
eagerly to every word became apparent
when she occasionally called down to the
men, and finally asked Mason if he
wouldn’t play for her.” Supper being over
and nothing ahead for the evening but
bed, he could hardly refuse; so he opened
the violin-case and took out the instru-
ment with awkward and amateurish care,
old Eli watching in uninterested dejec-
tion.

  "This isn’t my violin!” exclaimed
Hardy, with as much excitement as he
could manage to muster. "I’ve left my
Strad at my friend’s house and taken his
violin by mistake!”

  "That shouldn’t keep you from play-
ing,” said old Eli, with a suspicious look
from under his meek brows.

  Mason shrugged his shoulders in as
nearly a temperamental manner as he
could achieve. "What? Use a common
violin? Never!” cried he tragically, chok-
ing back his impulse to laughter.

  Old Eli narrowly watched the restora-
tion of the violin to its case. "I’ll have
Lem take it back tomorrow and get yours,”
he offered slowly.

  "Oh, please do, gramper! Mr. Fiddler,
I want so to hear you play!”

  All at once Mason straightened up
from the violin-case and stood in a listen-
ing attitude. "What’s that?” he asked
bruskly.

  "The—the dogs,” replied old Eli, in
patent uneasiness. "Time you went to
your room, mister. That way,” and he in-
742

WEIRD TALES

dicated the stairs leading to the upper
floor.

  "Dogs?” echoed Mason, brow fur-
rowed. "I haven’t seen any on the place,
so far.”

  Old Eli avoided the keen blue orbs of
the younger man, as if he feared lest some
secret be surprized in his own brown eyes
that now sought the floor. The noises in
the next house increased, so that they
could be heard plainly: snarling, growls,
snapping of teeth.

  "Some dogs!” commented Hardy, as
he turned reluctantly to go upstairs.

   5.	",Little piles of gnawed white
              bones. . ..”

The room to which Mason had been
assigned was separated only by a thin
painted-board partition from the hall and
the next room, which was Janie’s. Mason
could hear every word of the old man and
the child, as Eli gathered up Janie’s tray.
Also, in spite of the fact that the wall be-
tween this little whitewashed room and
the next house was of heavy granite, the
young man continued to hear that heavy
scratching, whining, snarling. Dogs? So
old Eli had said.

  He unpacked his knapsack, stopping
occasionally to listen to that scratching
and clicking as of heavily nailed beasts
scampering about. The snarling, and then
a pitiful whining, began to set his nerves
on edge. If Eli kept dogs, he evidently
kept them loose in the house next door,
the house into which an hour past Mason
had seen Selene and Harry disappearing.
He wondered how the girl could sleep
through those noises, and no longer won-
dered at her sleep-heavy eyes.

  He exchanged his hiking-shoes for
rubber-soled sneakers and laid out his au-
tomatic pistol and an electric flashlight.
Then he drew a chair to the window and
settled down listening, occasionally lean*

ing out over the unscreened sill to gaze
upon the moonlight-flooded beauty of the
night.

  The murmuring of voices from Janie’s
room had ceased. Silence reigned oppres-
sively. Once he thought he heard the tip-
toeing of some one across the hall to his
door. He would have spoken, but flash-
ing intuition bade him remain silent. Let
old Eli think him asleep.

  The combined heat, and an overpower-
ing drowsiness that made him speculate
sleepily if anything could have been put
into his food, had about put him off
guard, when the creaking of rusty hinges
came faintly to him from below. He was
wide awake in an instant, and bolt up-
right, listening intently. Then he leaned
recklessly over the sill, and found he
could see a door on the other side of the
house, a door opening into the back yard
from which one could step in a few paces
directly into the woods. The door was
opening slowly upon the yawning dark-
ness of the other house’s interior.

  From that opening a long, gaunt gray
beast slunk, keeping in the shadow of the
house as if to escape observation. As it
went, belly to the grass, stretching itself
across the green in long strides, its head
turned upward toward the watcher’s win-
dow. A double row of terrible teeth
flashed as it emerged from the shadow,
and two fiery eyes glinted redly in the
moonlight as if they reflected a fire.

  "Dog?” the young man asked himself
in astonishment. "Never! That is a huge
wolf!”

  His head whirled with impossible sur-
mises. He sat back out of the moonlight’s
spreading radiance and thought hard and
fast. He had seen a girl and a man going
into that other house, and he inferred that
the saturnine hired man also slept on that
side of the building. Now he had watched
a great gray wolf creep stealthily out, to
THE DEVIL S POOL

1743

disappear into the near-by woods. A low
whine from without. . . . He peered cau-
tiously across the sill. Two other beasts
sprang, bounding over the patch of grass,
and streaked into the woods.

  Mason picked up his automatic and
tucked it into a hip pocket. He took up
the electric torch, unbolted his door and
tried it. To his relief it opened quietly.
He closed it cautiously and tiptoed to a
door at the head of the stairs, which he
had noticed when he had come up to bed.
It led to the adjoining house. It was pro-
vided with a huge bolt in addition to the
key that stood in its lock. Although the
possibilities in what he might be walking
into made the hair prickle on his scalp,
he unfastened that door and went into the
darkness, drawing it closed behind him.

  For a moment he stood motionless, list-
ening, hardly daring to draw a full breath.
In the gloom and strange chill of that
other house reigned a stillness oppressive,
ominous. He drew out the automatic and
from his left hand the space about him
flooded with light.

  He stood in an upper hallway similar
to old Eli’s half of the house. Giving
upon it were three wide-open doors. Hesi-
tating at his presumption (for he had ev-
ery logical reason to believe that Selene
and Harry were occupying two of these
rooms and Lem the third), he stepped to
the open doorway of one room after an-
other, cautiously illuminating each as he
did so. Astonishing . . . chilling . . .
emptiness alone met his gaze.

  At the threshold of the last room he
paused, his straight nose wrinkling dis-
tastefully. The odor that came from it
was fetid, as if some forest creature had
been denning there for weeks with win-
dows never opened to air it. This room
had no dresser, no chairs; nothing but a
ragged mattress on the floor, upon which
was heaped a tumbled mass of soiled—

unspeakably soiled—blankets and bed-
ding, at sight of which Hardy turned
away feeling sickish, so disgusting was the
incredible mess.

  As he started down the stairs, a long-
drawn-out ululation struck his eardrums
with the hammering pulsation of some-
thing more than sound; carrying, as it
were, a psychic message of terrible im-
port. A duet of answering howls fol-
lowed. Cold shivers raced up and down
the young man’s spinal column, although
he realized fully that the sounds came
from the distant woods. It was the full
cry of a wolf-pack in sight of its prey!
And the rooms that should have been
occupied by Selene, and Harry, and that
mysterious and terrible being known as
Lem Schwartz, were . . . empty. . . .

As mason, shuddering at his own
>• imaginings, moved down the stairs
toward what should be the kitchen of the
house, he sensed the odor of decomposing
animal matter. The stench of wild beasts’
bodies in a closed, unaired place grew
overpowering, sickening. It was even
worse than Lem’s room upstairs, and at
thought of that Mason felt his stomach
heave with ghastly threats of nausea. Step
by step, he moved down the staircase, the
torch turned off so as not to apprise any
one below, if indeed anybody waited in
ambush there, of his coming. But upon
reaching the lower step, he flashed the
light quickly about.

  The kitchen was empty, but the door
from it into the back room was open, and
Egyptian darkness gloomed ahead. He
sprang across the kitchen, automatic in
readiness, and illuminated the parlor. It,
also, was empty. Empty? ... As he
looked about, his nostrils contracted dis-
gustedly against the fetid smell of decay,
and his eyes went roving in search of the
cause*
744

WEIRD TALES

  The floor was of bare boards; there
were no chairs or other furniture in either
of the two rooms. But here and there on
the bare boards were—things—that Ma-
,‘on turned the light on, shuddering as he
looked. There were black stains here and
‘.here . . . There were bits of decaying
furry skin.... And there were little piles
of gnawed white bones. . . . And almost
at his feet as he stood lay a crumpled bit
of material ... He leaned down and
turned it over. Good God! There had
been the taxi-driver’s missing child . . .
and that material was ... a child’s
stained, torn little rompers. . . .

  Mason groaned aloud involuntarily.
Then he became keenly aware of what
the pervading odor conveyed. It was the
unforgettable stench of wild beast ken-
nels in the public zoos. It was unbear-
able, sickening, disgusting. Nausea got
the better of him. He went back through
the kitchen, avoiding with inward shrink-
ing those dark stains on the wide boards,
and leaped up the staircase with the dis-
agreeable feeling that some one behind
him would presently lay a chilling hand
on his shoulder, or pull at his ankles.
Just as he opened the communicating
door, he caught the sound of padding feet
and clicking nails upon the flagstone ter-
race outside the back of the house.

  Hastily he locked and bolted the door
and then fastened himself into his own
room. He sprang across it to the window.
Yes, the wolf-pack was returning from
the chase with its quarry. A huge ground-
hog hung limply from the extended
drooling jaws of a gaunt gray wolf, and
the brown beast had a small rabbit be-
tween its glistening white teeth. Behind
those two shrank a glossy little black
wolf, which all at once stood still, and
lifted its head toward Mason’s window.

  The young man’s gaze met those lam-
bent eyes, a curious stirring of surging

pity in his heart. The black wolf stood
for a moment only; , then it slunk into the
other house, tail dragging as if in shame.
Mason received a distinct impression of
the animal’s humiliation.

  The door of the other house was still
open. Drifting up to his window came
sounds of snarling, tearing, crunching,
whining. He listened, nervous chills send-
ing their shuddering impulses through
him. The three wolves were devouring
their prey. But where, then, were Selene,
Harry and the mysterious, saturnine Lem
. . . while those three wolves held high
carnival over their prey?

  Not until dawn had touched the tree
tops with pale, prophetic fingers, did Ma-
son Hardy sink back onto his bed into
troubled sleep, and throughout the dreams
that haunted him there stood always three
empty rooms that should have been hu-
manly tenanted.

6.	"That fast retreating form owned no
       following shadow. . .

From his uneasy slumbers Mason was
awakened by scratching and thumping
at his door-panels. For a moment he stood
half dazed, where he had sprung from
bed still haunted by the nightmares of the
preceding night. His impression was that
some savage beast had leaped against his
door from without.

  "Who’s there?” he demanded sharply,
his nerves on edge.

  "Schwartz,” replied a harsh voice.

  "What d’you want?”

  "Your friend Baker says he’ll bring
your own violin tomorrow. He wanted to
come today, but I put him off. Tonight’s
the full of the moon, fiddler.” A snarl-
ing laugh, and Lem’s retreating footsteps,
as light as if he walked upon padded
paws. . . .

  Through the partition Janie’s voice:
"Please, Mr. Fiddler, come in before you
THE DEVIL’S POOL

745

go downstairs. I’ve never seen a truly
violin-player. Gramper says you must
play in regular concerts. I’m just crazy to
hear you, Mr. Fiddler.”

  Mason’s curiosity to see this strange
child who Father Paul had believed
held the key to the mystery at the Bau-
mann place urged him to dress hastily.
He donned a light outing shirt and a
tweed jacket that covered the bulge on his
hip occasioned by the automatic, which
he decided he would not leave in the room
to be appropriated either by old Eli or
the saturnine Lem.

  As he opened his door, old Baumann
was coming up with a tray. At sight of
Mason, the ancient drew back with a curi-
ous intaking of breath and an avoidance
of the younger man’s gaze.

  "This is Janie’s breakfast,” he said
hastily.

  Mason laughed. "I had no idea you
would bring my breakfast to me,” he
said shortly. "I can go down for it my-
self, and I’m hungry, I can tell you. Your
vegetable soup was good, but it doesn’t
seem to stick to a fellow’s ribs very much,
Mr. Baumann.”

  "You’ll have to see Lem about your
breakfast,” hastily said old Eli, still avoid-
ing his guest’s eyes.

  "See Lem? What for?”

  "You’re not supposed to eat today,”
stated the old farmer briefly and strange-
ly, after a long pause.

  "I presume for the usual reason,” was
Mason’s sarcastic observation. "The full
of the moon tonight?”

  Eli Baumann involuntarily went back-
ward down two steps and leaned against
the wall, staring. The tray shook in his
trembling old hands.

  "Who what are you?” he whis-
pered, meek brown eyes wide with awful
apprehension.

  "Is that anything to you?” asked the

young man coolly, following up his seem-
ing advantage.

  "Why did you come here? Oh, God of
Heaven, what have I done? What will
become of my little Janie?”

  The tray would have gone crashing
down the stairs had not Mason sprung
forward to save it. Old Eli pushed him
off with frantic hands, gnarled by toil,
and curled now into the semblance of
claws. Mason looked speculatively at him
for a long moment, then turned and car-
ried the tray to Janie’s door. At his tap
she called for him to 'enter.

  "What’s the matter with gramper?”
was the first thing the little girl asked, as
Mason set the tray on a small table beside
the bed, and bent his keen blue eyes upon
the child sitting there against plumped-
up pillows.

  "Nothing, Janie. He’s just nervous,”
shrugged Hardy, surveying with appre-
ciation the pretty picture the child made.

  Light brown curls hung over her shoul-
ders, lying on the gay patchwork quilt like
some French doll’s marvellous locks. Her
brown eyes, green-glinted, appraised the
visitor, canny to a degree that Mason had
not expected from Father Paul’s hesita-
ting, half-derogatory description. This
child was no dolt; shy or reserved she
might be, but not stupid.

  Warm color flowed over Janie’s pale
cheeks at the admiration that her visitor
permitted to appear on his face, in his
pleasure at the little girl’s fragile beauty.
She blossomed under it like a sun-kissed
rosebud.

  "I like you, Mr. Fiddler,” she said with
naive frankness. "You have kind eyes,”
she finished, contemplatively.

  "Now, I call that nice of you,” smiled
Mason, and gave his easy laugh.

  Janie dimpled. "I wish I could walk
around the way everybody else does,” she
said all at once, tearing into little bits a
(Z46

iWEIRD TALES

piece of toast and pushing the scraps
about her plate with one finger.

  "Can’t you walk, Janie?” Mason asked
pityingly.

  She shook her head. "I fell on the
rocks out in the woods a year ago. I was
running after a rabbit that had gotten out
of its hutch. But gramper thinks maybe
some day I can walk again. He rubs my
feet and legs every morning and every
night, so they won’t wither up. The doc-
tor told him to.”

  She lifted a scrap of toast, pushed it
between even little teeth, and munched
slowly. "I’d love to give you some of my
breakfast, but if he found it out, Lem
would be furious, and he does make such
scenes. Miss Selene and Mr. Harry don’t
eat with us any more; they eat with Lem,
on the other side of the house. I suppose
you will, too. Lem says it won’t cost
gramper a cent to feed anybody who stays
here to teach me things.”

  Cold shivers were running up and
down Mason’s backbone.

  "Gramper was worried at first. He
kept telling Lem he couldn’t afford a lot
of people here, eating and eating. Our
farm isn’t so very big, and gramper is old
and can’t do much with it. Lem said
gramper was just to leave it to him. Lem’s
awful smart, but J just don’t like him,
myself.”

  Janie paused, then added in a lower
tone: "Sometimes I wish gramper'd send
him away, only gramper says he can’t
afford to,” and she sighed. “He says if
he sent Lem away, I couldn’t have Miss
Selene to show me how to weave paper
mats, nor Mr. Harry to play his piano and
sing his funny songs to me.”

Mason was listening with more than
ordinary interest to the little girl’s
outspoken thoughts. Somewhere here he
hoped to find a clue to the mystery that
dung thickly about everything on the

Baumann farm. Apart from that mys-
tery, Janie was refreshingly naive, and
perhaps the most untouched and natural
human being in that house of weird hap-
penings.

  "Mr. Harry is funny, isn’t he? But
he’s very nice to me. Sometimes he pats
my head as if I were a ve-e-ry little girl,”
she smiled mischievously, "and pulls one
of my curls. Mr. Fiddler!” She leaned
toward him and whispered: "It’s a secret,
mind, but when I grow up, I’m going to
marry him. He doesn’t know yet,” she
dimpled, an impish look flashing across
her face. "Gramper says Mr. Harry is a
natural-born farmer. Gramper thinks Mr.
Harry ought to buy a farm instead of
going around singing his funny songs.
Hark! What’s that?”

  The agitated steps of a man who
tramps carelessly because he is not think-
ing how or where he treads. . . . The loud
voice of a man who has gotten past car-
ing whether or not his words are diplo-
matic or his intonation ingratiating. . . .

  "Baumann! Where are you? Oh,
skulking behind the curtain! Just what
might be expected of the dirty old sneak
you are! Come out! Come out, I tell
you!”

  A squeak, as of a cornered rat. Scuf-
fling of feet. Sharp sound of a chair
striking the board floor as it is over-
turned. Dull thud of some heavy body
pushed hard against the partition, and
then Harry Epstein’s voice, loud and
furious.

  "You let that poor girl come under
Lem’s curse, and never lifted a finger,
when you could have taken it off in a
moment, you dirty Dutch dog! Yes, Lem
told me. ... I don’t care about myself,
but you’re going right now tMhe quarry
pool, and I’m going with you to see that
you go in, by the eternal God!”

  The low, penetrating whine of old
THE DEVILS POOL

747

Eli. . , "Let me go! I tell you, it won’t
do you any good to drag me down there.
It wouldn’t be of my own free will. It
has to be my own free will. . . . Stop—
stop—you’re—choking—me.”

  Janie, the faint color gone from her
cheeks, stiffened and made a convulsive
movement as if she would have tried to
get to the floor and onto her feet. She
fell back and began to sob softly.

  "I can’t! Oh, I can’t! Mr. Fiddler,
please help gramper! Mr. Harry mustn’t
talk that way to poor gramper!”

  Hardy went down the stairs two steps
at a time, arriving in the kitchen to see
Harry’s hands loosening their grip on the
old man’s wizened throat; Harry’s horri-
fied eyes staring at that ashen visage.

  "What have you done, you idiot?”

  "Killed him!” gasped Harry, and
leaned horrified over the limp body that
had slipped supinely to the floor and now
lay motionless.

  "Indeed?” asked a voice, smoothly,
silkily, amusedly. "How very careless of
you!”

  Mason looked up. Without interrupt-
ing the long shaft of sunlight that fell
through the open door, stood Lem
Schwartz, his glistening teeth bared in a
snarling smile so venomously vindictive,
so maliciously triumphant, that Mason
could not help the low exclamation of
horror and repulsion that forced itself to
his stiff lips.

  Lem seemed trying, vainly, to bring his
cruel mouth into a less triumphant ex-
pression, but at last he broke into a low,
snarling chuckle, stretching his head for-
ward until the lean long neck poked out
like a vulture’s over its prey.

  "Don’t flatter yourself, Lem. It’s too
early in the game,” snapped Hardy sharp-
ly. "The old man’s very much alive. „ , ,

Harry, lift his feet and I’ll get hold of his
shoulders. So. . . . We’ll get him up
onto his bed.”

  Lem wheeled and strode away from
the doorway. Mason, with a backward
glance over his shoulder, gave a low, in-
credulous whistle. He realized now that
Lem had stood in the pathway of the sun-
shine but a moment since and had thrown
no shadow. And now, although the July day
was blazingly bright, and long shadows
stretched from barn and fences and trees,
the fast-retreating form of Lem Schwartz
owned no following shadow. . . .

There was no time to ponder over
this, for old Eli had to be gotten up
the stairs, and his heavy form, inert as it
was, proved no easy burden for the two
men. As it was near her door, the little
girl called frantically: "Bring him in here!
Please, Mr. Harry. Put him on my bed.
Oh, gramper, gramper!”

  Harry’s face had not yet lost its ghast-
ly pallor from the shock he had received
in that moment when he had thought
himself a murderer. As the blood flowed
back into Eli’s wrinkled face, and Eli’s
withered eyelids twitched with returning
consciousness, the young Hebrew turned
his dark, melancholy eyes upon the mus-
cular hands that had so nearly committed
a crime at the behest of his aroused anger.

  "God of Israel, I thank Thee!” he
breathed softly, his eyes closed for the
moment of his involuntary prayer.

  "Leave gramper with me,” snorted
Janie. "He’s all right now, and I’ve got
a lot to say to him. He’s been getting into
mischief, with me tied up here,” said the
little girl quaintly, "not able to keep an
eye on him.”

  Smiling now, the two young men left
old Baumann to his granddaughter’s gen-
tle ministrations, and went down into the
 (748

WEIRD TALES

kitchen, Janie’s cooing voice drifted after
them softly.

  "I’m hungry,” announced Hardy, look-
ing about him to see if there had been any
breakfast preparations.

  Harry looked troubled and flung a
quick glance in the direction of the barn.

  ’’Where are things?” Hardy continued.

  Hesitating for a moment, Harry Ep-
stein finally opened a cupboard and with
obvious reluctance fished out a loaf of
bread and the remains of the supper
cheese. He found milk, sugar and cold
coffee. Then he sat down opposite Mason
and watched the other man start in with
hearty appetite.

  "I’d give a whole lot if I could eat
those things the way you do,” Harry
burst out all at once with strange wist-
fulness.

  Mason stared, frankly curious.

  "And you mustn’t tell any one that I
gave you food this morning,” went on the
peddler, nervously. "Lem would-”

  As if the mention of his name had
been a conjuration, the gaunt form of the
hired man strode in at the kitchen door.
He strode across the room and snatched
the half-eaten cheese sandwich out of
*

Mason’s fingers, flinging it from the door-
way, where it was immediately seized upon
by a pleased hen with loud cackles of
surprize and appreciation.

  "Tonight is the full of the moon!”

  "But I’m hungry,” objected Mason, re-
sentfully.

  The glass of coffee went into the sink
with a crash. Dark and threatening was
the mien Lem Schwartz turned upon the
indignant young man.

  "Save your appetite for tonight. For
you shall eat ... I promise you . . . such
food as you have never tasted before.

But until tonight, nothing must pass
your lips.”

  Hardy’s first impulse was to pick up
the plate from the oilcloth-covered table
and fling it at the speaker’s head. His
next was the opportune recollection of his
errand to that place of mystery. He
stood watchful, silent, quiescent, regard-
ing Lem with speculative blue eyes that
nevertheless smoldered.

  "You, Epstein, shall remember your
stupidity and disobedience tonight,” men-
aced Lem, with venomous emphasis and
a long, hard look from his glittering
blade eyes. “Tonight you shall eat what
you and that other foolish one refused to
eat a few weeks ago. . .

  Harry Epstein caught at the edge of the
table with hands that showed white about
the knuckles.

  "No!” he choked. “God of my Fathers,
no! Not that!” His eyes were on those
of his tormenter, as if he pleaded with
one who he knew beforehand was ob-
durate and relentless.

  Lem snarled. His great nose wrinkled
like an angry dog’s.

  "Quite that,” said he with cool in-
solence. "And she shall eat of it, also, to
punish you for your rebellion.”

  "Not that poor girl! Have pity! Do
what you will with me, but spare
Selene!” begged Harry, and flung out his
hands in Oriental abandon as he pleaded.

  Lem regarded him sneeringly. "Well,”
he conceded, “we’ll see how well you
keep your watch over this fiddler until
after tonight. He must make his initiate
fasting,” he ordered, and then was gone
from the doorway.

  Harry Epstein staggered over to a
chair, sank into it and buried his face in
his hands. Behind that inadequate shelter
he sobbed like a heart-broken and terri-
fied child. His agony shook Mason Hardy
with apprehension of he knew not what.
THE DEVIL’S POOL

i749

      7.	"That devil's baptism in the
               pool. . . .”

ragging minutes passed. Mason
arose and put one hand on the sob-
bing man’s shoulder, until Harry had
finally managed to control himself. The
young peddler wiped his eyes shame-
facedly.

   "Sorry to have made such a fool of
myself, but it’s thinking of Selene and
poor Janie that’s upsetting me. That lit-
tle kid’ll be the next one dragged into
this accursed business, I’m afraid.”
Mason’s lips set hard before he spoke.
'■I’ve lost all patience, Harry, waiting to
find out what this is about. What’s the
hold that rotten bluffer out there has over
you people? Why am I to go without
food today?”

   "You must be desperately hungry to-
night,” whispered Harry. "After tonight,
if the curse has fallen upon you . . . you’ll
eat . . . what Lem and Selene and I have
been eating,” he muttered thickly.

   "Absurd,” grunted Hardy skeptically.
 "I’m going to make a fresh sandwich,”
 he announced determinedly.

   Harry caught at his sleeve, detaining
 , him in a kind of desperation.

   "If you eat a single mouthful while
you’re in my charge, Lem will know it
somehow; don’t ask me why; I some-
times think he’s the devil in person. And
if he finds out, he will force Selene to
eat . . . God of Israel, it is too much! I
can not tell you the horror of it!”

   He collapsed again into a little moan-
 ing heap, his shoulders heaving con-
 vulsively. Mason caught at him and
 shook him with a disgusted vigor.

   "Don’t be a simpleton! You can lead
a horse to water, but you can’t make it
drink, Harry. Lem can’t force Selene to
eat what she doesn’t relish.”

  "You don’t understand,” moaned
Harry.

  "Then help me to understand!”
"Impossible. You would never believe
me if I told you.”

  Mason snorted impatiently. "What,
for instance, is this food that is so highly
repugnant to you that the bare thought of
eating it sends you into near hysterics?”

  "I tell you, I dare not tell you. The
whole situation is incredible. Half the
time I don’t believe it, myself. It is like a
terrible nightmare. But—haven’t you
seen how thin Selene is?”

  Mason thought of the full-faced girl
whom he had seen pictured in his friend’s
house. It was undeniable that Selene’s
face had become very thin. Why, when
he considered it, she was almost hollow-
cheeked. . . .

  "She’s not eating regular food, because
of the curse of that hell-water in the
woods,” explained Harry incoherently.
"Raw flesh ... of animals we catch in
the woods ... at night... is all she can
digest . . . now.”

  Mason was exasperated, and showed it.
"Do you take me for an absolute idiot,
Epstein, expecting me to swallow such
wretched insinuation entire?” Even as
he spoke, doubts assailed him. He re-
membered the glossy little black wolf,
which had looked up pitifully at his win-
dow the preceding night, as if it had ex-
pected to see him looking down upon it.
"My God!” he exploded. "Am I mad?
Or are you?”

  "I wish I knew,” Harry said wearily.
"The horrible side of this situation is that
Lem is trying to force Selene and me yet
deeper into his devil’s clutches by making
us eat . . . oh, God!” He gulped, shud-
dering violently, and went silent, his eyes
avoiding the other man’s penetrating gaze.

  Mason acceded grimly: "You hunt
rabbits and ground-hogs at night in the
woods, and eat their raw flesh? Ugh!
We’ll let that pass for the moment. What
750

WEIRD TALES

I wish to learn is, why are you and Selene
under the evil domination of such a crea-
ture as Lem Schwartz?”

  "That’s just what I can’t tell you . . .
now, Mason. You’ll know all tonight,”
sighed Harry, ’’without being told. One
thing only I ask you: If you have any
real pity for Selene Arkwright, you will
fast until tonight. If you let food pass
your lips today, Lem Schwartz will force
Selene to eat . . . that . . . which will
damn her soul for ever,” Harry Epstein
declared with a terrible and ominous
gravity. "After tonight you will be at
liberty to do what you please, within
limits,” he added hastily.

   "I don’t like it at all,” Mason conceded,
his head on one side as he listened sub-
consciously to the murmur of voices from
Janie’s room. "I think I’ll have a talk
with Selene.”

  "Don’t flatter yourself that she’ll tell
you more than I have,” said the peddler
sharply. "She’s trying to make herself
believe that she’s the victim of bad
dreams; nightmares of terrible and in-
credible vividness,” he shuddered.

  Lowering his voice cautiously, Mason
inquired: "Where were you and Selene
and Lem, last night?”

  The young Jew paled as he stared back
at the other man.

  "You—you did look from the window,
then, as she told you? What—what did
you see?” he jerked out tensely.

  "I saw three wolves returning from the
chase, Epstein. And there was nobody in

that other house, because I-”

  "You dared go there?” groaned Harry.
“Then . . . you know?”

  "I know that I’m a victim of the same
kind of nightmare you seem to be afflict-
ed with,” replied Mason grimly.

   "Did you . . . did you find remains . » ,
of half-devoured-?”

  Mason looked queerly at the young
Jew’s eager, pleading, yet anxious face.

  "Don’t you know, yourself?” he asked
pointedly in reply.

  "We never go downstairs there in day-
time,” Harry explained. "If we have to
go to our rooms, we go through that
upper door in the upper hall. And . . .
and the odor,” he cried out in a wild but
guarded voice, "makes me afraid-”

  "The other side of this house was
empty last night,” Mason pronounced
with finality. "I don’t know yet just
what evil and incredibly horrible things
are going on in this accursed spot, but
downstairs I found,” and his nostrils con-
tracted with disgust, "decaying bits of
furry skin and bloody, dried flesh, and
half-gnawed bones of animals. . . .”

  "Then it isn’t a dream! It’s true!” ex-
claimed the peddler, and jumped to his
feet in such nervous agitation that Mason
grasped his arms and shook him forcibly
to constrain him into some semblance of
self-control. "Then it’s true! That dam-
nable devil’s baptism in the quarry

pool-” his voice died away into silence,

as his eyes darted this way and that to
avoid Mason’s keen glance.

  "Go on, Epstein. Now I must know
the rest,” he ordered, grimly.

  The peddler shook his head. His eyes
were wild.

  "Tonight is the full of the moon. If
you have fallen under the curse, you’ll
know the worst tonight. If you haven’t,
you can leave here tomorrow, unless Lem
manages to give you that devil’s baptism
of his, somehow.”

Mason changed tactics abruptly.
"From what you said to old Bau-
mann a short time past, I infer that he
knows how to remove the spell, or what-
ever it is that holds you here.”
THE DEVIL S POOL

  Harry nodded sullenly. "Yes, but he
won’t stir to remove it.”

  "Why not?”

  "Would you, if you had to give up
your life voluntarily, knowing that the
devil would get your soul when you
died?” was the astonishing reply.

  Mason’s stare was incredulous. "You
people sure have been well hypnotized,”
he asserted.

  Harry laughed hardly. "And how
about you, who found three empty rooms,
and saw three wolves returning from the
chase with their prey?”

  "Lem or old Eli must have put it over
me, too,” Mason admitted with reluc-
tance. "But from now on I shall be on
my guard, to maintain mental and spirit-
ual supremacy.” Despite his attempt to
make his voice and words assured, there
was no convincing quality there, and he
knew it.

Janie’s voice broke the ensuing silence.
"Gramper, is what Mr. Harry says true?”
"Janie! Janie! I did it for you! Don’t
ask me more!” moaned the broken voice
of old Eli.

  "Can you un-hypnotize them, by jump-
ing into the quarry pool?” demanded the
little girl’s voice, with sharp persistence.
"Is Miss Selene staying here because she’s
hypnotized and not because she loves to
teach me things?” Her voice, in turn,
broke pitifully.

  "Janie! Janie!” The old man’s cry
was monotonously the same.

  "Lem Schwartz is mixed up in this,
isn’t he, gramper? That’s why you’re so
afraid of him,” declared the child with a
flash of that uncanny insight which Father
Paul had divined. "And if you went into
the quarry pool, Miss Selene could go
away? Oh, I want her to stay!” suddenly
sobbed Janie childishly. "She’s so sweet
to me. I just love Miss Selene.”

  "Janie! Don’t cry, gramper’s little

girl! Miss Selene shan't go, while you
want her here. Lem promised me that,

when I gave him my word-” he

broke off abruptly.

  "When you promised him what,
gramper?” demanded the little girl,
cleverly seizing upon those pregnant
words. "What did you promise him?
You’d better tell me. I’ll find out any-
way, if you don’t. I’ll ask Lem myself,”
she threatened.

  "Oh, no, Janie! You mustn’t ask Lem
anything,” wailed old Eli in abject ter-
ror. "He’s not fit to be near you.”

  "Why not, gramper? We don’t need
him around here, anyway. I’m going to
ask Harry to be our hired man,” Janie
announced with serenity. "He’d be lots
better than that scowling old Lem. So
you can send Lem to me, and I’ll tell him
he can go.”

  "He won’t go, Janie. He . . . don’t
you see, I can’t tell him to go? I’ve prom-
ised him he can stay, until-” and here

the old man’s voice broke off in a wild
and moaning incoherent outburst, which
he evidently tried to smother among
Janie’s quilts.

  The child’s uncanny intuition played
her true. "You’ve told him he can stay
until you bathe in the pool, haven’t you,
gramper? Well, then, it seems to me
you’ll have to do it.”

  "God in heaven! Janie, no! You don’t
understand what that would mean. Lem
would take my soul if I did that. I’d be
for ever damned into hell!”

  "Gramper, I just don’t believe any
such silliness^” declared the child’s clear
voice contemptuously. "You’ve let your-
self get all excited over that ugly Lem
Schwartz, as if he were the devil in per-
son. He doesn’t do any work; you’ve
told me that yourself. He just goes
prowling around the woods trying to find
752

WEIRD TALES

trespassers. He hardly ever helps you
with the farm work.

  "Now, Harry would be another kind
of hired man. His hands are so strong,
gramper, and his heart is so kind. And
he loves farm work. He’s told me so,
himself,” she added in a lower tone,
singular sweetness in her accents; it was
as if she were smiling happily to herself.

  "Janie, it’s no use your talking. I
can’t send Lem away. If I tell him to go,
I must give up my life and soul to him
in exchange for those others. . . . Can’t
you understand?”

  "I understand that that is what you
think, gramper. But I don’t believe it for
a minute myself,” the little girl retorted.
"What I’d like to know is, why did you
let Lem think you so silly?”

   "I did it for you, Janie. For you. . . .”
"Gramper! For me? What good
would your silliness do me?”

  (Father Paul had been right, thought
Mason, straining his ears so as not to miss
a word of that pregnant conversation.
Janie was indeed the key to the whole
situation.)

  "Janie, I wanted you to be amused,
and have company, while you were lying
here helpless. And I hadn’t money to pay
anybody. I couldn’t even feed them, even
if they stayed here for nothing. The farm
hardly pays just to keep us two; I’m too
old to work it.”

  "So you let Lem live here and hypno-
tize people so that they’d stay with me?”
demanded Janie. "What, gramper, who
wants people that have to stay with
them?” In Janie’s voice was more than a
hint of mortified tears. "1 thought Miss
Selene wanted to stay. And Harry. . . .
Oh, how could you have been so silly?”
"Don’t; cry, gramper’s little girl!
Gramper can’t bear to have you cry,”
begged old Eli, voice quavering.

  "Lem must go away, gramper,” said
the child imperatively.

  "Janie, I can’t send him.”

  There was a long silence.

  Harry’s eyes lifted to Mason’s flashing
blue orbs, and in that dark gaze Mason
fancied he read thoughts too closely al-
lied to violence. He shook his head at
Harry, imposing further silence with up-
lifted, warning finger.

  "We won’t talk about it any more juSt
now, gramper,” Janie went on, in a tran-
quil voice but with an elaborate casual-
ness that stirred Mason oddly. "I think
I want to be alone now. I have a lot of
thinking to do.”

  A moment later old Eli’s dragging
footsteps sounded in the upper hallway.
Mason seized the young Jew’s sleeve and
jerked him out of the lower room and
into the front yard.

8.	"Dare use that Name again, and see
      what’ll happen to you. . . .”

“T’ve got to find Selene, Harry.”

  A "To tell her her dreams aren’t night-
mares but horrid realities?” demurred
Harry in bitter reproach. “She’s still try-
ing to deceive herself.”

  The other man scowled thoughtfully.
“H-m-m. Seems there’s nothing to do
then but wait for tonight and the full of
the moon.”

  "If these hideous nightmares are real-
ities, Mason, will you get Father Paul to
come down, after you return?” asked
Harry, after a moment’s painful silence.
"He’s the only one who can help us. I
have a strong feeling that he understands
something of what has been going on
here. He warned me when he was down
a couple of days ago, against letting Lem
force me into . . . into joining that . . .
devil’s orgy.”

  "So you confided in Father Paul, who
came and went, and you don’t see fit to

                     W. T.—2
THE DEVILS POOL

,753

tell me, who am here to take my chances
with you?”

  "But you see . . . he . , . knew. He
. . . asked me . .. where the missing
child was,” whispered Harry, head hang-
ing dejectedly.

  "No! Impossible. . . . Horrible. . .
Sick horror seized upon Mason as he re-
membered Father Paul’s words. ("And
the missing child?” Father Paul had said,
with such a strange intonation.)

  "Don’t look at me like that!” exclaimed
the young Jew wildly. "I had nothing to
do with it. Neither had Selene. It was
Lem who brought the child here. God of
my fathers, was it a dream? He tried to
make us join him in his horrid feasting,
but Selene refused. He . . . bit her on the
shoulder. Oh, it is true. It is no dream
. . . Janie bandaged that shoulder the
morning after,” he added in a sick whis-
per.

  "Man, man, get hold of yourself,” ad-
monished Hardy sternly. He was ghast-
ly sick with nausea and loathing, for
Harry’s words had brought back vividly
the fetid stench of those downstairs rooms
in the other house, as well as the bits of
decaying flesh and the half-gnawed bones.
Then he cried out in protest:

  "That devil actually brought a live
child here? And . . . and devoured it?
Why, that isn’t possible! It’s absolutely
incredible!”

  Then it was Harry’s turn to quiet him.
"Don’t let Lem hear you. You don’t
know yet what he’s capable of. If he were
to realize that you came here purposely
to spy upon him ... oh, for pity’s sake,
don’t cry out so loudly!”-
Mason controlled himself with a mighty
effort. "I’m going in there tomorrow,”
he said, brow contracted, teeth set grim-
ly. "I’m going to dean up all that mess
». . and . . . bury those bones somewhere
» , . and put a mark over . . . over the
W.T.—3

grave. A child! That devil! , , . A
child!”

  "You see how mere words have moved
you,” Harry murmured despondently.
"Yet Selene and I have been constrained
night after night by we know not whftt
fearful force from without ourselves to
go into the forest with that . . . that devil
. . . and hunt wild creatures, to satisfy
our hunger. We are still . . . calm,” but
a tremor in his voice belied the bravery of
his words. "If you intend to get through
this night and keep your sanity and help
Selene, you’ll have to puf everything out
of your mind now, or you’ll go mad, the
way I’ve thought more than once that I
would,” he finished, and groaned.

Doomed thus to fasting and inactiv-
ity, there was nothing for it but to
let the hours slip past. Stretched under
the black walnut tree that shaded the
front of the Baumann farmhouse, the two
men lay in silence on the grass, watching
the hot July sun’s progress across the sky
and its final decline into the west.

  Tomorrow, Mason cogitated, Earl
Baker and Father Paul would arrive, de-
manding to see him in person. Tomor-
row he himself would know how success-
ful had been Lem’s incredible powers
over himself. Dream and reality seemed
so confusingly close to each other that
Mason almost welcomed the moment
when the red sun disappeared behind the
hilltop, leaving a rosy glow in the sky,
and Lem Schwartz strode down from the
barn, a hideous and sardonic grin distort-
ing his lean countenance as he beckoned
the two men with claw-like finger.

  "Hush! Say nothing. It would only
make it worse for us all,” whispered
Harry in agitated warning.

  Mason stretched cramped limbs and
followed Lem into the Baumann kitchen,
where the hired man stood at the foot of
{754

WEIRD TALES

the stairs, the handle of the communi-
cating door in one hand. The red sky was
reflected luridly in those deep-set eyes
that peered ominously from beneath their
shaggy brows. His gaze went significantly
to Harry.

   "Selene!” called Harry, as if in obedi-
ence to some esoteric message. "We’re
waiting.”

  "Coming,” answered the girl’s voice
from above. "Janie, let go my skirt, dear.
I have to be going.”

  "I don’t want you to go,” replied
Janie’s determined voice. "Why should
you run away in the middle of this lovely
story? It leaves me all alone. Just gram-
per, and he can’t read the way you do.”
“Let go my dress, Janie. Let go, dear.
You don’t understand. I have to go.”
There was an exasperated exclamation.
Selene came to the head of the stairs,
pausing to tuck a breadth of skirt under
her blouse, where Janie’s disrespectful and
demanding little hands had ripped it
apart.

  "The sun has set. Hurry! Why are
you waiting?” urged old Eli’s trembling,
importunate voice in agitation.

  Mason’s face showed irritation as he
looked at the old farmer, whose bent form
wavered as he leaned against the oilcloth-
covered table, set now for one. . . . Selene
drew in a long, quivering breath, and
came slowly down the stairs.

  "The sun has gone down! God in
heaven. . . .”

   With a snarl as of a savage beast, Lem
wheeled upon the old man. His nose
seemed longer and larger than ever. To
Mason it was as if the bushy eyebrows
had straggled down the high cheek-bones
hairily, like a thicket from behind which
those garnet-gleaming eyes glared fierce-
ly. The hand that the hired man lifted to
hurry Selene through the door into the
other house looked gray and shaggy in the

fast-fading light. The fingers seemed
pointed together, like a great nailed paw.

  "Dare to use that Name again!” said
a thick voice darkly.

  "I’m coming! Don’t touch me, LemJ
I’m coming, I tell you,” cried out the girl
in an outburst of terror. She shrank from
that hateful contact, her lips tightening
unpleasantly over her teeth, so that her
whole aspect altered subtly.

  Mason took one of her limp hands in
his and followed Hariy into the next
house. In the tiny hallway he hesitated,
until Harry’s hand urged him up the
stairs.

  "You can share my room,” said the
peddler in a low tone.

  Lem had lingered in the doorway
below. Mason strained his ears to hear
whatever was passing between the hired
man and old Baumann.

  "Dare use that Name again,” Lem
was snarling viciously, "and see what’ll
happen to you . . . and yours,” pointedly.

  "Janie! Oh, Janie! What have I done?
What have I done?”

  The only response was a bestial growl,
so startling in character that Mason, gen-
tly assisting Selene up the dark staircase,
stopped short in astonishment. The door
slammed; old Eli’s key could be heard,
hastily securing him from unexpected in-
vasion from their side of the house.
Harry’s hand reached down and pulled
at Mason urgently.

  "Be quick!”

  Selene had apparently regained her
poise. Arrived at the upper hallway, she
ran into her room with a hurried good-
night, and her door closed. The bolt
slipped into place rustily.

  "This way,” directed Harry, with an
apprehensive glance over his shoulder.
"Hurry! Lem warned me never to linger
at this hour between dusk and dark. It’s
, , , dangerous.” He pushed Mason
THE DEVIL’S POOL

755

ahead of him into the room, closed the
door and shut the bolt. His finger went
to his lips in warning.

  There came a sound of padding foot-
steps on the staircase. Then a low whine.
A scratching at Selene’s door. Then
those clicking nails . . . padding paws . . .
went down the stairs again.

  "I’ll go to his room now,” whispered
Harry in a cautious undertone. "Bolt this
door when I go out. No, don’t detain
me. I have no .time now to explain, even
if this is only a dream. There’ll be plenty
of light soon, from the moon,” Harry
offered vaguely.

  He unbolted the door, slipped out
quietly, and pulled it to behind him.

Mason pushed in the bolt. He was
glad the flashlight was in his pocket,
for it might perhaps serve him now,
although the moonlight gave unmistak-
able signs of shortly flooding the room
with its pallid light. As this light became
stronger and brighter, there came odd
rustlings and scratchings and soft winn-
ings from the rooms on either side of
him. He held his breath; he could have
sworn that Selene had cautiously drawn
the bolt of her door. This was more than
his curiosity could stand; he opened his
own with painstaking care, quietly lifting
the latch of the door until he could look
out through a narrow crack into the
upper hallway.

  Through Selene’s open door the moon-
light fell in a broad swath, and in the
midst of that uncanny brilliance cowered
a glossy black creature that slunk, belly
to the board floor, toward the staircase.
At the top of the flight it hesitated as if
reluctant, turning its pointed head back-
ward over furry shoulders. In his as-
tonishment, for he thought he recognized
the black wolf of the preceding night,
Mason let his door slip from his hands,

It flew open, outlining him as he stood
against the flooding moonshine.

  The glowing eyes of the black wolf
fell upon him. It gave utterance to a low,
pitiful, whining cry. Almost in the same
moment, another door opened, and a
large brown wolf bounded out, stopping
short at sight of Mason in the doorway.
The fur bristled on its body; it growled,
but stood stock-still, glaring at youDg
Hardy with its redly scintillating eyes.

  It seemed to Mason that hours passed
while he stood there motionless, daring
to make no slightest movement lest it
might precipitate an attack from one or
the other of the two wolves. From the
kitchen below came a call, a long-drawn-
out, importunate whine. As if that sound
had broken the spell holding all three
creatures like statues, the black wolf fled
down into the darkness, followed closely
by the bristling brown beast.

. Mason sprang across the hall and
glanced into Selene’s room; it was empty.
No occupant was in Lem’s room, either.
Mason was back in a flash to Harry’s
room, bolting the door. He sprang to the
window, breathing hard as he told him-
self that it was all a too-vivid dream.

  As they had done on the previous
night, the three wolves emerged and trot-
ted toward the woods; the long, gaunt
gray . . . the big brown . . . and the slim
black one. As they sped across the moon-
lit landscape, the black one deliberately
paused under the window and looked up
at Mason again. Then it, too, disappeared
into the forest shades. The wolf-pack’s
raucous cry rose on the still night air.

  9.	"The mirror reflected a thing that
        did not lie before it. ...”

A strange and disturbing sensation
diverted Mason’s attention to him-
self, all at once. His mind was drawn
absolutely away, for the moment, from
[756

WEIRD TALES

those savage, ominous howls from the
woods. With unpleasant suddenness he
realized that his left foot and leg were
prickling painfully, as if they had "gone
to sleep.” A vigorous stamp to restore
circulation moved him to a cry of amaze-
ment and dismay, for when he stamped,
the tan oxford at the extremity of his left
leg flew from the foot and across the
room, striking the opposite wall and
dropping behind Harry’s tumbled bed.

  Also, Mason completely lost his bal-
ance; went heavily on the floor on his
back. As he instinctively flung his head
forward to save it from the severe blow
it must otherwise have sustained, he
beheld a strange, an incredible sight. His
right foot was neatly clad in silk sock and
well-polished tan oxford, but the sock on
the left foot was wrinkled, slipping; the
oxford had already flown through the air.
As he went down, the limp sock followed
the shoe.

  Mason Hardy lay on the floor a full
sixty seconds before he dared raise him-
self to a sitting posture and hitch into
full moonlight for another look at what
he felt he simply could not have seen,
because it was altogether too incredible.
He closed his eyes, blinked them rapidly
once or twice, then opened them directly
upon that prickting left foot and leg.
The blue eyes widened amazedly then, for
what he saw only too plainly was the
slim, hairy leg of an animal, with a well-
padded nailed paw at the extremity.

  He closed his eyes with a snap; opened
them again; fixed them incredulously
upon that impossible sight. Then he
touched one finger gingerly to that strange
appendage. It was rough and hairy.
Sight and touch concurred in their mes-
sages to his bewildered, horrified con-
sciousness.

  With some difficulty he got to his feet,
for this strange leg bent under him dis-

agreeably, in the wrong direction; he
could hardly straighten it enough to stand
upright. The old priest had been right,
quite right; Evil Incarnate was rampant
on the Baumann farm. And Mason
Hardy, in his friendly endeavor to be of
service to his old college chum, had come
into direct contact with that Destruction
that Walked at Noonday, as Father Paul
had hinted so broadly.

  Meantime, the pallid moon had climbed
the sky. Louder, nearer, came the cry of
the weird wolf-pack, altering strangely
and subtly in tone. A rushing of padded
feet ... a whimpering wail. Mason
went leaping in awkward bounds to the
window; that last cry had come from no
wild beast; it had sounded like a fright-
ened child. At the thought, his blood
ran cold; horror clutched him. His body
pimpled pricklingly with goose-flesh.

  Scratching . . . whining . . . snarl-
ing . . . growls . . . below.

  In Mason’s mind now stood out, like
letters of flame, those final words of
Father Paul: "Evil can not utterly tri-
umph as long as there is the slightest
effort to hold on to Good.”

  The young man took the automatic
from his pocket, unbolted the door, and
stumbled uncertainly across the upper
hall, metamorphosed foot and leg hinder-
ing him dangerously. Down the stairs,
holding to the stair rails; going sidewise
to keep from falling . . . God, how ter-
rible to be handicapped at such a moment
by that wolf-like limb! . . .

The door in the tiny hall below was
open into the kitchen. Mason peered
cautiously around the corner, from which
he could see through into the parlor. At
what his eyes beheld, he could with diffi-
culty restrain his lips from the cry that
pushed impetuously to them. He was
looking directly upon the cowering form
of the black wolf, trembling there upon
THE DEVIL S POOL

757

the board floor. Beyond the beast stood
the great pier-glass. And in that glass
, . . the mirror showed no wolf. The
mirror reflected a thing that did not seem
to lie before it. What the wide blue eyes
of young Hardy beheld was the white,
crouching body of a girl, half concealed
by streaming black hair, as she trembled
there in a spasm of obvious revulsion and
fear.

  Almost paralyzed at the weird paradox
of what lay before the mirror, and what
the glass reflected, Mason found himself
incapable, for the time being, of any
movement. He could only stand, staring
and listening.

  Another beast farther back in the room
snarled. The nailed paws came clicking
across the boards, and presently into his
field of vision slouched the brown wolf,
head pushed down against its own furry
breast, as if to hide its eyes. Another
ferocious growl, and the gaunt gray beast
bounded across, snapping viciously at the
brown. The brown animal recoiled, snarl-
ing, lips back from bared teeth. And all
the time the little black wolf kept up a
continuous pitiful whining, as it cowered
against the floor; while in the mirror was
reflected that shuddering, quivering white
body. . . .

  For a moment the gray wolf glared
upon the other two, drawn lips tight
against glistening, slavering teeth. Then
it bounded back. When it returned, it
held something white between those
pointed fangs . . . something that wailed
weakly, impotently, pitifully.

  Mason Hardy could not check the
gasping cry that now surged upward
from his throat. The spell of horror that
had until this moment held him petrified,
broke. He made a clumsy leap into the
middle of the kitchen; another that car-
ried him staggering into the parlor.

  With a smothered snarl of mingled sur-

prize and fury, the gaunt gray wolf
leaped backward, dropping its screaming
burden. Mason caught up the infant and
began an awkward retreat. The gray’s
threatening jaws opened as that gaunt
beast slunk menacingly after him. A
crisis seemed imminent; then the brown
wolf sprang, crouching in the gray’s way,
its tail switching from side to side, a long
snarl threatening the other beast.

  Mason directed his automatic at the
glowing garnet orbs of the gray, and
backed away until he had reached the
staircase. He would, have drawn the
door to, when a sudden rush ... a
whining, pitiful cry . . . gave him pause.
The little black wolf had crept swiftly
after him and was crouching abjectly at
his feet, looking up with almost human
intelligence in its dog-like, piteous eyes.

  Mason Hardy remembered the paradox
of the mirror. He backed up one step,
permitting the black wolf to pass him on
the stairs, and pulled the door to. He
was just in time. He had one whirling,
dizzy glimpse of the other two beasts, en-
gaged in frightful struggle, as the brown
disputed the gray’s advance. They flung
themselves together upon the closed door,
which rattled perilously as if the latch
would spring open any minute. Mason
would have bolted it, but bolt there was
none; so up the stairs he stumbled in
haste.

He hammered on the communicating
door, while against it leaned, whin-
ing fearfully, the little black wolf, eyes
rolling whitely in the darkness. The
young man’s heart beat irregularly with
pity and apprehension as he listened to
the hellhounds’ uproar below. Also the
child in his arms continued to scream
lustily. At any minute the fight would be
decided, and the staircase invaded. He
struck the door imperatively with the butt
758

WEIRD TALES

of his automatic and shouted for ad-
mittance.

  Scuffling and exclamations on the
other side. . . . The old man’s voice,
raised shrilly: "No, Janie, no!” Janie’s
voice, hard with some passionate emo-
tion. . . . The key turned briskly. The
door opened. Mason almost fell into the
other house, the salvaged infant shrieking
in his arms. In good time. The door be-
low swung wide, and clicking feet
scrambled up the stairs. The young man
flung his weight against the door, push-
ing the bolt and then turning the key.

  It was only when safety was assured
that he became aware of the miracle.
Barefooted, clad only in her little white
night-robe, Janie stood, her eyes wide
with incredulous amazement* at her own
feat. She was balancing on her long-
unused limbs with the airy fluttering of
an uneasy butterfly, but there was no un-
certainty in the starry light of her eyes,
despite the expression of questioning
fear on her childish face.

   Her eyes fell in astonishment upon the
black wolfish form cowering at Mason’s
feet. With a startled exclamation, she
turned back toward her room, paused,
and cried out again sharply. In the mir-
ror opposite her open door, Janie had
seen what Mason -also saw as the child
cried out . .. the shuddering white form
of Selene Arkwright, shielded solely by
long black hair. Janie on her little un-
steady white feet was into the rcom and
out again, dragging a quilt after her.
With a tenderness beyond her years, she
laid this covering about the wolfish form
cowering on the floor.

  "Come with me, dear Miss Selene!”
cried she, and tugged at the glossy black
head of the beast fearlessly. "Oh, what-
ever have you wicked men been doing
to Miss Selene?” She stood in the door-
way of her room, supporting her slender

body against the door-frame. "All of
you are devils!”

  Old Eli stood staring stupidly, jaw
dropped. One shaking finger wagged at
the infant, still shrieking lustily in Ma-
son’s arms.

  "Give that baby to me this instant!”
commanded Janie imperatively. "Oh,
gramper, I don’t exactly understand what
Lem’s been trying to do here, but he’s
going to leave tomorrow,” she announced
with definiteness. "Now that I can walk,
I know how to drive him away,” she
added mysteriously, as she slipped back
into her room.

  The door closed upon her and the
black wolf, but her flashing backward
glance carried strange import to Mason’s
now keenly awakened intuition.

  “Janie! Janie!” wept the old man
piteously, outstretched hands groping
after that retreating figure that had been
so triumphant in its yet uneasy carriage,
so dominated by the child’s strange spirit.

  "Tomorrow there's going to be a show-
down,” declared Hardy, staring down at
his strangely altered limb. Cold fury
stirred him. "Whatever you've been up
to, old man, your deviltry’s going to
stop.”

  Old Eli whimpered weakly. He was
bent over, listening now to the wicked
snarls on the other side of that upper
door. His body shook as if with an at-
tack of ague. "Nothing . . . I’ve done
nothing,” he protested, whining.

  "Look at this leg of mine!” snapped
Hardy. "Don’t tell me you haven’t some
idea of how it got this way. I have my
suspicions, old man. Tomorrow you’ll
walk the plank into that pool and get an
all-over bath. Understand?”

  "No! Oh, no!” shrieked old Eli, cow-
ering in abject fear, his head going down
into his shaking hands. “Oh God, no!”
Mason's laugh was hard and bitter.
THE DEVIL’S POOL

759

  "You’re going in. I’ll see to it myself.
There’s something hellish about that pool,
and if the rest of us are infected, you’re
going to get your dose, too.”

  A long moan, that quavered off into
silence. Old Eli went down on the floor
in a trembling, abject heap. Janie’s door
opened.

  "What are you doing to gramper? Let
him alone, I tell you. I know all about
it. I made him tell me. I can make it
come right. . . . Poor gramper, don’t be
afraid,” she murmured tenderly, like a
young mother to her fearful child. "Jan-
ie’U make it all right.”

  The child’s eyes flung at Mason Hardy
the menace that might lie in the shining
orbs of a tigress protecting her young,
as she looked proudly at him across that
crouched, quaking, fear-stricken old man.
"You let him alone. You hear?”
Mason laughed. He turned his back
on the child, and approached the com-
municating door, now safely bolted and
locked, but against which leaped heavy
bodies with snarls and growls. He struck
it with the butt of his automatic.

  "Keep away, or I’ll shoot through the
wood,” he shouted. "If you are what I
suspect, you’ll understand. I give you
sixty seconds to get away from here.”
The snarls ceased. Presently he heard
the clicking of nailed claws as the beasts
retired downstairs. A soft whining
sounded from the landing a moment
later. Intuition told him that the brown
wolf had returned and was begging for
entry, but he dared not open the door to
it. Whatever it might be, other than
wolf, it must fend for itself that one night.

  10.	"It was the Sacred Wafer. . .

The young man spent the remainder
of the night alone in the kitchen, for
Janie soon prevailed upon her grand-
father to go to bed. The light of a kero-

sene lamp made the room cheery, and
Mason spent those wee, small hours put-
ting together the pieces of the puzzle to
which he now felt he held a key. But
daylight was to bring upon him much
which he had not calculated. With day-
break the communicating downstairs door
was flung open, and Harry Epstein, fol-
lowed closely by the saturnine Lem, ugly
eyes filled with unholy lights, came run-
ning into the Baumann kitchen.

  Lem advanced upon the young man,
great hairy fists clenching and unclench-
ing. His glowing eyes fixed the young
man’s resentful gaze with malevolent
confidence and power.

  "You would mix up in my business,
eh?” snarled Lem, shoving his furious
countenance up against that of Mason
Hardy. "Well, since you’ve asked for
what you’re going to get, we’ll have it
over with at once. I don’t want any non-
sense on this farm from now on.”

  The look he shot at old Eli, who had
come tottering down the stairs, sent die
old man shrinking back against the wall,
uplifted hands shaking as if to hold off
some horrid specter.

  "It’s certainly time something was
done,” agreed Mason, endeavoring with
difficulty to maintain an icy calm. "This
morning you are going to pack up and
get off this place, for good.”

  Lem flung his head back, uttering as
he did so a loud, grating laugh.

  "I’m leaving, eh? Well, you’ll have to
make me go, then. And you wouldn’t
care to have a fight and a fuss, with a
woman in the house, little fiddler, would
you? I’ll fight you, poor fool, but not
here.”

  Harry Epstein was shouting: "Don’t
go out into the woods, Mason! Don’t go
into the woods! Keep away from the
pool!”

  "Shut your mouth,” ground out Lem,
760

WEIRD TALES

with a slow turn of his furious eyes upon
the young Hebrew that was somehow
more terrible, more menacing, than a
quicker movement would have been, for
it betrayed Lem’s complete confidence in
his own supremacy. "Come along, since
you must let me batter you before I give
you your baptism in the pool!”

  He shot out of the house door and
was off into the woods, without glancing
behind him. It was as if he knew well
that he would be followed.

  "Don’t go, Mason! Don’t let him en-
tice you near the pool,” again begged
Harry, trying to hold the other man by
the sleeve.

  Hardy thrust those fingers away gently
but firmly.

  "My dear fellow, you can’t dissuade
me. Why, that fellow’s sheer devil! Do
you think I could go away in safety, be-
fore having a whack at him? I’m a pretty
fair boxer. I may have a good chance to
give him his just deserts.”

  Harry nodded. His eyes were humid.
He stood back resignedly.

  "If I can’t get the better of him, I’ll
throw myself into the pool,” exclaimed
Hardy, kindling. "Better that, than to be
tossed in by him, and I’ve about figured
it out that a voluntary sacrifice will break
the spell for you others.”

  He flung out of the house, hardly real-
izing that the hindering metamorphosis
of the preceding night had disappeared.
Harry followed more slowly.

As the young Jew ran lightly down
>. the path to the woods, he heard
hoof-beats. He stopped to look back. A
horse and buggy were coming along the
lane. The horse was plump and gray,
and apparently not at all pleased at feel-
ing the unaccustomed whip now flicking
its sides, for it gave occasional little re-
sentful jumps as it half trotted, half

balkily walked, along. Harry turned back.
He knew Father Paul’s outfit. As he ap-
proached, he recognized also the pale,
harassed face of Earl Baker.

  "Where are they?” called the priest
anxiously, as Harry came within speak-
ing distance.

  "Lem and Mason have gone into the
woods to fight it out,” Harry explained.

  "Holy Mother!” ejaculated the priest
piously, and gave the astonished gray
horse such a stroke as that plump hide
had never experienced before. The beast
jumped and set off at a clumsy gallop.
Harry ran after the buggy, caught at the
back, and managed to hang on as the
vehicle bumped and bounced over the
ruts of the country lane.

  As they passed the Baumann house,
two figures emerged, but Harry did not
see them. He was by far too seriously
occupied, retaining his hold on that jounc-
ing vehicle. Nor did he see a taxi that
came slowly down the lane behind.

  At the verge of the quarry pool Father
Paul reined up the gray nag and sprang
out, horse-whip in hand, righteous in-
dignation burning in his usually kindly
eyes. He walked toward the two strug-
gling figures by now engaged in a dead-
ly clinch, swinging and swaying as each
in turn strove to throw the other into the
strange waters that sparkled, and surged,
and leaped up at the rocky verge where
they were fighting.

  Behind the good priest came Earl
Baker, frantic with the apprehensions
that had been making such inroads upon
him.

  “Hold him, Mason! I’ll be with you
in a moment!” Earl was shouting wildly.

  Father Paul found no opportunity to
use his horse-whip, so interlaced were
those tense figures that hardly seemed to
move, strained as they were, each against
the other.
THE DEVIL’S POOL

  And so it was Harry only who glimpsed
the slender white form that sprang
straight out through the air, plunging
into the pool despite Selene Arkwright’s
frantic attempts to prevent Janie’s un-
expected action. It was Harry who again
came to the rescue of a woman, and flung
himself into the gurgling waters, swim-
ming frantically in the direction of that
little, poignant face that had gone under,
come floating up, and disappeared once
more.

  Father Paul, whirling at Harry’s out-
cry and the ensuing splash as the young
Jew’s body struck the pool’s sparkling
waters, reached into a fold of his clothes
and brought out a folded napkin. With
his left hand he scattered the contents
of the napkin onto the surface of the
pool, while his right hand made the sign
of the cross over the greedy, lapping rip-
ples.

  The moving waters broke into a foam-
ing fury that for a moment flashed over
the two heads now appearing together.
Old Eli had reached the scene; his wild
cry of utter despair brought a vindictive
and scornful smile to the face of Lem
Schwartz, who now flung off his oppo-
nent easily, for Mason’s attention had
been diverted by the things happening
so swiftly about the pool. As the waters
subsided, Harry swam vigorously with
one arm, drawing the pale little Janie
to safety. Willing hands aided her to
land. Lem, gleaming orbs rolling from
one to the other of the assembled com-
pany, had begun to draw his dark, satur-
nine face into a heavy scowl. Apparently
things were not entirely to his liking.

  "Go!” Father Paul ordered bruskly,
pointing into the depths of the forest
with imperative, gesture, and facing the
malevolent grin of Lem with intrepid
courage.

  "Too late, Father. If I go now, these

others are bound to go with me,” sneered
Lem.

  "That isn’t true!” shrilled Janie ex-
citedly. "I jumped into the water to save
them all. You can’t touch them now,
Lem.”

   In beast-like fashion he snarled at her,
then laughed horridly.

  "I can’t touch them now, Janie, my
dear, thanks to you. But you have put
yourself in their place, of your own free
will.” He made a quick step toward her.

  Harry Epstein, white and fearfully
afraid but dauntless, stood in his way.
"One finger on Janie, and I’ll pull your
eyes out, you devil!” he ground out.
Janie shrank against her defender for a
moment, then drew herself away and
went trembling to meet the grinning
Lem, who held out his arms to her with
mock invitation of welcome.

   "No, Janie, no!” cried Harry.

  "Yes, Harry, I must. It is what has
saved you. And Miss Selene. I belong
to him now, instead of all of you.”

   Lem shouted, a berserker burst of tri-
umph. He put out one ugly, hairy hand.
Janie shrank, shuddering. She closed her
eyes.

  Then Father Paul’s horse-whip cut
down sharply upon that dark and evil
hand, and Lem’s scream of astonishment
and pain followed upon its whistling
errand.

  "You can not touch that dear child,”
asserted Father Paul with calm confi-
dence.

  "Indeed? You’ll see how she shall
suffer for this,” Lem began, darkly men-
acing.

Father Paul's calm gaze left Lem’s
face and shifted to the pool. Lem
also looked. Something like dismay and
incredulity passed across his lowering

visage.
762

WEIRD TALES

  "It was the sacred wafer,” said Father
Paul quietly. "The water is itself again.
The spell was broken, while those two
were in the water.”

  Harry ran forward and pulled Janie’s
drooping form into his arms. His ex-
clamation was one of incredulous joy.

  "Then Janie is all right? And Selene?
And I? God of my Fathers, how good
Thou art!”

  Lem Schwartz turned, grinding his
teeth audibly, and gave vent to an ugly
laugh. His fists were clenched with im-
potent fury as he slouched along the side
of the pool.

  A loud, hoarse voice hailed him as he
slunk off.

  "Wait a minute, feller. You ain’t get-
tin’ off as easy as you might be thinkin’,”
cried the taxi-driver, coming around the
side of the pool at a run. "Where’s my
little Jacky, huh?”

  Lem’s shoulders shook with sardonic
merriment. His dark face distorted with
a convulsion of malevolent triumph.

  "You’ll find his clothes back at Eli’s
farm,” he shouted. "The wolves ate
him.” And he suddenly gave vent to
howling laughter, flinging his head back
like a wild beast about to call his mates
to the kill.

  The unshaven face of the driver was
so dark that Father Paul’s heart trembled
at sight of it. "Stop! Think what you’re
doing!” cried the good man hastily, fore-
seeing the next action of Jacky’s grief-
infuriated father.

  "Yeah? I've done my thinkin’ a piece
past, Father. What I’m goin’ to do now
is actin’,” and with that he launched him-
self upon Lem’s back and by sheer weight
of his surprize attack staggered the sinis-
ter being so that he lost his balance com-
pletely.

  "Back to hell with you, you devil,
where you belong!” shouted the taxi-
driver, recovering himself just in time
to avoid going over the edge of the rock
into the pool, which now, with a mighty
splash, received the dark form of Lem
Schwartz.

  Father Paul had held up one hand to
delay the involuntary movement of Mason
Hardy. "No, my son, this matter is in
other hands than ours. That man-”

  He was interrupted by Lem’s body
striking the pool. A sudden thick and
noisome cloud of stinking smoke arose
from the water . . . obscured the vision
momentarily . . . cleared.

  "-that man, if man he was,” con-
tinued Father Paul serenely, "is better
left to his own devices. If he were an
illusion of the deceived senses-”

  "Why, there’s nothing there!” cried
Hardy, astonished. He was bending over
the water, and the clear limpidity of the
pool now showed every detail of its
rocky bottom distinctly. Nowhere could
be seen the leering face of that strange
entity that had called itself Lem Schwartz.

  "It was the sacred wafer, my children,”
said Father Paul softly. "The powers of
evil could not combat the forces for good
that lie behind that blessed symbol. The
Destruction that Walketh at Noonday
need no longer be feared.”

  In Earl’s arms stood Selene, her face
hidden against his shoulder. Janie, very
happy, leaned on Harry’s solicitously sup-
porting arms; one of her hands was in
Eli’s; the old man was crying. Across
these passed the good priest’s glance,
very tenderly. His eyes met Mason’s. The
two men smiled understanding^ at each
other:

  " 'God’s in His heaven, all’s right with
the world’,” quoted Father Paul, and
nodded contentedly.
"Our horrified eyes had fust a glimpse of a hairy black shape, a nightmare figure about to leap.”

j^3lack Invocation

By PAUL ERNST

The story of a frightful elemental evoked by the chanting of an

  old Latin formula

MY TELEPHONE rang one night
about a month ago, and on the
wire was Bryce Woodward.

  "Have you time for some psychic in-
vestigating this evening?” he asked me.

  “More mediums?” I countered. On
several occasions I have gone out with
Bryce to visit psychic mediums whose
powers were confined to tricks with mir-
rors, hollow tables and sound amplifiers.

 "No,” said Bryce, "this is something
 different. Another experiment with in-
 vocation. Want to indulge?”

 "I suppose so,” I said.

 ‘'All right. I’ll be over in half an
 hour to get you. I’ll explain then.”

 In less than the designated half-hour
 he was at my door, his dark eyes shining
 with a light half of eagerness and half
 of amusement.

                                       763
,764

WEIRD TALES

  A word here concerning Bryce Wood-
ward: A young man with an inherited
income, he has entertained himself since
leaving college with studies of things
psychic, supernatural and abnormal.
Rather, he has entertained himself by ex-
posing alleged demonstrations of those
things as fakes. And I, interested from
a professional viewpoint inasmuch as I
am a beginning medico with a patholog-
ical bent, have often gone with him. For
the rest, Bryce is tall and very dark,
with a sparsely bearded but virile-looking
face in which, under heavy eyebrows that
have a sort of Satanic slant, are set deep,
dark eyes. A good fellow, though in-
clined to be a bit mysterious and secretive.

  "We’re going back to Sixth Century
Rome,” he began his explanation, while
I was getting my hat and locking up my
combination office and living-apartment.
"You know that old parchment work on
demonology I picked up in Paris two years
ago?”

  I nodded. "The fragment that instructs
students in Black Magic on how to call
up devils and things? Yes, I remember
it.”

  "Well, we’re going to work with that,”
said Bryce.

  I recalled one whole evening we had
spent—"with that”—in pronouncing sol-
emnly aloud certain mystic words in Latin
guaranteeing to call weird and marvelous
beings from their haunts in the outer-
world. No weird or marvelous beings
had replied.

  "Tonight will be different,” said Bryce,
when I reminded him of our failure.

WE left my apartment and started
walking north, with our destina-
tion as yet unnamed by him. From time
to time I stole side glances at him. I had
never been able to figure out what were
his real beliefs in things supernatural.

He seemed always to be sure he would
be disappointed in his search for psychic
proofs; yet he seemed, oddly enough, al-
ways to be hoping he would find them
this time.

  "You remember the theory I put forth
that evening we worked with the bit of
parchment?” he asked at length.

  I had forgotten it, so he proceeded to
remind me.

  "It was my idea that certain definite
sounds, in precise series, might set up vi-
brations—key vibrations, so to speak—
which would act upon substances ordinar-
ily invisible and intangible to us in such
a way as to make them both tangible and
visible—cause them to leave their own
dimension, whatever it may be, and in-
vade ours.”

  "Just what is 'them’?” I asked.

  He shrugged. "Who knows? Dark
monsters, ghosts, the beings we know as
angels—anything might respond. But all
answering, mind you, only to a certain
sequence of definitely uttered syllables—
like the electric device that opens a door
in response to the ordered vibrations of
a certain password to which it has been
timed.”

  "But we tried once to invoke the spirits
by definitely uttering the syllables of that
old Latin phrase in the parchment, and
got nowhere.”

  "There’s a possible reason for our fail-
ure. We didn’t know how to pronounce
the Latin correctly. No man alive knows
how. At least, I thought that till yester-
day. . . .” His voice trailed off into si-
lence.

  "Oh. And now you’ve found some
one who can speak Latin as it was spokea
two thousand years ago?”

  "I’ve found a man who claims to be
able to. He’s a janitor’s assistant at the
Larchmont Hotel,” he added.
BLACK INVOCATION

765

  I had no answer for this. It looked
as though our present evening was to be
as fruitless as any that had gone before.
But having started, I decided to see the
thing through.

  "I met the man—an Italian from north
of Milan—in an old book store yester-
day afternoon. We got to talking, and,
as it was his afternoon off, I asked him
up to my place. I showed him the old
parchment sheet with the Black Magic in-
cantation on it, and he was intensely in-
terested. It was then that he claimed to
be able to speak Latin with its original,
natural inflection.”

  "How did he explain that ability?” I
asked skeptically.

  "He didn’t explain it. He simply as-
serted it. Then he asked if he could take
the parchment back to his basement room
with him. He confessed to being inter-
ested in spirit-lore, said that this looked
like a genuine treasure, and wanted to
examine it more closely. I let him bor-
row it. This afternoon he called up and
urgently begged me to come and get it
again—he couldn’t get away from his
duties long enough to deliver it in per-
son. I thought there was a good deal of
nervousness in his voice, as though he
was afraid of something.”

  "Well?” I said, after we had walked
half a block in silence.

  "Well—don’t you see? Here we have
a supposedly authentic magic phrase that
will make fabulous things materialize
from the other-world, or the fifth or
sixth dimension, whatever you choose to
call it. Also, here we have a man who
says he can pronounce the phrase correct-
ly—phonetically, just as some old necro-
mancer wrote it down—setting up the an-
cient sound-vibration-series that we, in our
fumbling mispronunciation of a dead
language, were unable to attain. All we

have to do now is tie the two together:
get the man to speak the phrase in the
precise way that will register on that de-
vice which will open the psychic door
between worlds. It might be interesting.”

   At this point we reached the Larchmont
Hotel, a huge but modestly middle class
resident-hotel building on the fringe of
Chicago’s Gold Coast.

  Bryce walked down a flight of con-
crete stairs and rang a bell. The door
before us was promptly opened, and we
entered to confront a man who was evi-
dently the one Bryce had mentioned.

I confess to a slight shock at his ap-
pearance. To begin, he didn’t look
like the type of fellow one would expect
to see in a job that called for physical
strength. He was slight of body, with
hands that were tapering and artistic
under their coat of grime. His hair was
snow-white, though he couldn’t have been
more than forty-five; and his brow and
eyes were those of an intelligent man
with a studious turn of mind. His eyes,
incidentally, were not the liquid brown
usually attributed to Italy’s sons, but were
blue-gray as are the eyes of so many Ital-
ians born at the foot of the Alps. And
in those blue-gray eyes—more responsi-
ble for the little shock I’d felt at sight of
him than was his physical appearance—
were haunting melancholies, like the
shadows of far-off fears.

  Bryce named him as Mr. Abracelli
when he introduced us. The man bowed
acknowledgment of the introduction.
"Will you come to my rooms for a mo-
ment?” he invited us, with a polished
manner and an English accent that told
of an excellent education.

  We followed him down a corridor
lined with slatted store-rooms, and came
to the apartment furnished him by the
hotel.
766

WEIRD TALES

  I got a second slight shock when we
stepped inside.

  The apartment consisted of a large
living-room, a small sleeping-alcove, and
a plainly unused kitchenette. This living-
room was furnished like a charlatan sor-
cerer’s studio. There was a small crystal
ball in a corner, uncovered as though
Abracelli had been peering into it when
we rang his bell. There was a pile of
aromatic herbs on a scarred end-table. A
skull hung by a wire beside the door of
the kitchenette. The walls were draped
with black cotton cloth so arranged that
the small windows could be covered if it
was desired to shut out all light. A pestle
and mortar, of the sort used by pharma-
cists, was on another end-table, with a
residue in the mortar of some grayish
powder.

  "I amuse myself sometimes by mild
experiments,” said Abracelli. with a de-
precating wave around at his unusual
possessions. That was all the explanation
he offered.

  He opened a cheap, battered trunk, and
got out a thick, discolored parchment
sheet, which I recognized as the one Bryce
and I had vainly pored over on the eve-
ning I have mentioned. He handled the
thing in a most peculiar way, as though
it were so hot that it scorched his fingers,
and yet clutching it tightly as if he were
afraid it would explode if he dropped it.

  "What do you think of it?” asked
Bryce, with a deference that showed me
he conceived himself to be speaking to
an expert in parchment antiquities. "Is
it genuine?”

  Abracelli nodded his snow-white head.
"It is undoubtedly genuine,” he said.
"And if it were mine, I would throw it
into the furnace.”

  "Then you think the incantation
would work?”

   I peered closely at Abracelli, curious to
see how much of superstition (as I my-
self have always labelled all these things)
could find a place in his obviously keen
intellect. I saw a quick nervous spasm
contort his face.

  "I am sure it would work,” he said
quietly.

  "Have you tried it?” demanded Bryce.
"Dio! No! There are things in life it
is best to let alone!”

  "Would you repeat the incantation for
us?”

  "Not for anything on earth, Signor,”
said Abracelli, in a tone of finality.

  Bryce looked disappointed. "I had
hoped you would place your remarkable
knowledge of Latin at our disposal,” he
said. "I’ll pay you well.”

"No payment could be high enough.”
"But what, exactly, do you fear?” de-
manded Bryce. "What sort of creature,
or shade, do you expect to answer the
invocation?”

  Abracelli shook his head. "I don’t
know. Something—sufficiently terrible.
I will not pronounce it.”

  "Then,” said Bryce, "we will pro-
nounce it ourselves. You must teach us
the correct pronunciation.”

  This too, Abracelli refused; and there
followed a verbal conflict that left me
more and more perplexed. Bryce plead-
ed with Abracelli, browbeat him, almost
threatened him. Abracelli stubbornly re-
fused either to repeat the incantation
himself or to teach Bryce to enunciate it
in living Latin. And I, as onlooker,
didn’t know whether to laugh or to be-
come annoyed and leave. The superior
behavior of this curious janitor’s as-
sistant had strongly predisposed me to-
ward him; and his almost peasantish fear
—for fear pure and simple had begun
to show on his face—of an absurd Latin
BLACK INVOCATION

767

phrase on a tattered parchment sheet now
disappointed and disgusted me.

  I was at the point of suggesting to
Bryce that we end the farce and leave,
when Abracelli surrendered.

  "Very well,” he said with a sigh, "I
shall teach you how to say it as the man
who penned it would have said it. The
result be on your head. I will not stay in
the room while you pronounce the in-
vocation.”

  I thought I detected an inconsistency
here, and promptly jumped on it.

  "How can you teach us the pronunci-
ation,” I asked, "without yourself re-
peating the incantation and calling up—
whatever it is that may respond?”

  "I shall teach you word by word,” said
Abracelli, with a quiet dignity that made
me feel, for an instant, like a boor. "The
invocation, if it is like others I have
known, is only effective when intoned as
a whole, in a regular, syllable-by-syllable
manner.”

  "That sounds like my vibration the-
ory,” said Bryce quickly to me. "Our
other-world neighbors are not summoned
by the wording of the incantation, but by
the peculiar combination of sound waves
caused by a particular combination of
vowels and consonants.”

  "I have never heard it explained that
way,” remarked Abracelli, with thought-
ful frown, "but it may be as you say.
Come—I will teach you how the living
Romans spoke their language.”

I have tried since to remember exactly
the shadings of inflection given the
Latin tongue by this man who, rightly
or fraudulently, claimed to know the
language of living Rome. But I can’t. I
can only offer an approximate descrip-
tion. There is a vague memory that the
speech as a whole was almost as guttural

as Arabic; that the U’s were pronounced
after the French manner of saying Mon-
sieur; that the B’s were enunciated as if
there were an almost audible G before
each; and that the V’s seemed to have a
hint of W after them, thus: vwee.

  First, to give us an idea of how it
went, Abracelli read all that was de-
cipherable of the fragmentary foreword:
". . . whoso shall utter the formula in a
loud clear tone, sound by sound with
equal emphasis on each, shall call from
the hidden world about us dread deni-
zens. ...” I must -say that, while his
Latin sounded like no Latin ever heard in
a modern classroom, it did sound oddly
authoritative.

  From here he passed to the invocation
itself. But there he balked for a mo-
ment.

  "I implore you,” he began, with pro-
found distress showing in his blue-gray
eyes.

  "You have promised,” was Bryce’s in-
flexible answer. So, syllable by syllable,
with palpable care to say no two of the
mystic words in proper sequence, Abra-
celli gave us a model enunciation of the
phrase that was supposed to be a sort of
vibratory bridge between our world and
others. And Bryce repeated each word
after him, till he had his palate reason-
ably adjusted to the unfamiliar sounds.

  "You can now say it correctly enough,”
said Abracelli. "But—are you really
going to risk it?”

  "I am,” replied Bryce. "For several
years I’ve earnestly sought after proof
that there is some foundation of fact for
the old fables about spirits and ghosts
and demons. To date, I’ve got nowhere.
But I would still do anything, no matter
how ridiculous it seemed on the face of
it, if I thought it offered a remote chance
of affording me that proof.”
768

WEIRD TALES

  "This is not a remote chance,” said
Abracelii. "It is a certainty! If you will
excuse me, I will go to the boiler room
while you conduct your mad experiment.”

  And go he did, closing the door firmly
behind him. I turned to Bryce and
laughed. The more I thought about how
genuinely frightened at the invocation
the Italian had seemed to be, the harder
I laughed.

  Bryce didn’t join me; and at length I
sobered enough to notice in his dark eyes
a curiously dubious look.

  "Good heavens, Bryce!” I exclaimed.
’’You don’t mean to tell me you think
anything supernatural or weird will
actually answer to the calling of that
Latin formula?”

  "The vibration theory sounds rather
plausible,” he said, lighting a cigarette.
And that was all I could get out of him.

Bryce stepped to the door and locked
it. Then we fooked around the room
to see if, for some unknown reason,
Abracelli had secreted devices to fool us.
The man was admittedly a dabbler in oc-
cult things; and no other class of hu-
mans will go to such elaborate lengths to
try to trick others into their own fan-
tastic beliefs. We found nothing suspi-
cious-looking, however, so we prepared
to perform our simple experiment.

  We took the thick old parchment sheet
and laid it on the round table that oc-
cupied the center of the room. Over this
was a shaded light, which poured a circle
of illumination on the table top and left
the rest of the room in comparative dim-
ness. Bryce drew up a chair, and I drew
up another. But before he started to read
the ancient invocation, he hesitated.

  "You’re quite sure you want to go
through with this?” he asked me solemnly.

  ’’Of course,” I replied impatiently.

Then: "If you really believe that some
supernatural thing will appear in answer
to that silly invocation—you’re alone in
your belief!”

  Bryce shrugged. "I suppose you’re
right in your skepticism,” he said slowly.
”1 suppose tonight as usual we shall dis-
cover nothing more exciting than hyp-
notic effects or hidden wires.”

  We gazed at each other an instant over
the ancient sheet of parchment—seated
in that curiously furnished room that was
actually in the bowels of a great modern
building, but which figuratively might
well have been the tapestry-draped cav-
ern of some old-time wizard. Then
Bryce began to read the ancient invoca-
tion.

  I felt a curious prickling of the skin
as his voice rolled out the gutturally
sonorous syllables in the manner Abra-
celli had taught him. The queer power
of certain sounds over us! The Latin
Mass—for example. How that stirs and
thrills one, though one may be utterly
ignorant of the meaning of the separate
words! It is the stateliness of the thing,
not its meaning, that causes every nerve
to thrill in response.

  Just so did the reading of this old in-
cantation, with the pronunciation Abra-
celli claimed was that of the mystic
Roman who wrote it, make the nerve-
ends seem to flutter and twitch in sym-
pathy. There was just one difference.
While this had all the rolling stateliness
of the Mass, there were buried in it subtle
shades of obscenity and terror. It sound-
ed not unlike it had been designed to be
read in some gloomy huge cathedral
erected not to God, but blasphemously to
the Devil. I daresay, though, that this
was all imagination on my part.

  "... come from the reaches of the
outer dark and the shades of the other
life to my presence ...”

                    W. T.—3
BLACK INVOCATION

769

   Syllable by syllable, beat by beat, like
a beginning pianist playing an exercise
to the tick of a metronome, Bryce read
up to here. At this point he stopped, and
stared intently toward a chair in a corner
only dimly lit by the shaded lamp.

   I followed his gaze—and a startled ex-
clamation came from my lips.

  The chair at which we were staring
with wide, incredulous eyes was a pro-
saic easy-chair with a faded tapestry cov-
ering, that was drawn up slantwise to the
comer of the room leaving a V-shaped
space behind it. It wasn’t at the chair we
were gazing, though, but at something
that dangled down its back.

  The something was a huge, black paw,
not unlike the paw of a bear except that
it had almost human seeming, thick fin-
gers tipped with curving talons. It was
the paw of a beast, with the definite
fingers-and-thumb configuration of some-
thing near-human. The whole—paw and
claw-like fingers and thick wrist (which
disappeared over the back of the chair
away from us)—was covered with mat-
ted, coarse black hair.

   “Do you see it, too?’’ Bryce whispered.

  I nodded, while my scalp felt as
though each separate hair was rising like
the hackles of a frightened dog.

   The claw-like, bestial hand contracted
slightly. I’ll swear I heard its talons
scratch against the fabric of the tapestry
covering. Then it was withdrawn slowly
from sight over the back of the chair.

  Together, with muscles tensed for
action, we leaped for that chair and
whirled it away from the wall.

  There was nothing behind it.

  We looked at each other, and at the
same second each of us had the same
thought.

  "Abracelli was acting when he pre-
tended to be so frightened,” I said.

    W. T.—4

"Hypnotism! But he’s pretty good to in-
duce such a clear picture in both our
minds from a distance.”

   Bryce nodded; but he frowned a little,
as though not quite convinced.

  "Hypnotism, probably,” he said.
"Well—-let’s get on with it, and see what
new tricks our friend can furnish to mys-
tify us with.”

We went back to the table and sat
down. Bryce cleared his throat.
"This time,” he declared, "I’ll finish it!”
And he began again to read the invoca-
tion.

  ". . . come from the reaches of the
outer dark . .

  The measured syllables struck at the
brain like the rhythmic beat of a tom-
tom. Again I felt that odd prickling sen-
sation all over my body.

  ". . . and the shades of the other
life . . .”

  As further testimony to the power of
what I was still sure was Abracelli’s
hypnotic ability, I thought I detected a
faint odor in the room now that hadn’t
been there a moment ago: a musty, ani-
malish smell, like that which pervade a
zoo. But it was a mere ghost of an odor,
nothing definite enough to describe ac-
curately.

   ". . . to my presence here in the world
of men I command you.”

  There. The reading was done. The
supposedly dread invocation had been
hurled as a challenge.

  Bryce looked up from the parchment.
His eyes followed mine to the chair-back
where we had seen (or had been hyp-
notized into imagining we had seen) the
hairy black paw.

  It wasn’t there now. It had not re-
appeared, either in our mind’s eye or in
actuality. We stared around the room.
[770

WEIRD TALES

Nothing. We listened intently. Noth-
ing.

  I drew a deep breath. In spite of the
assurance of common sense and logic
that nothing could be in that room, that
the mumbling of a few syllables in a
dead language could not possibly cause
other presences to materialize, I was un-
utterably relieved to find that we really
were alone, just as we had been before
the uttering of the invocation.

  For a few seconds longer we sat in
silence. Then Bryce sighed, and lit a
cigarette.

  "Once more we draw blank,” he mur-
mured, sending a blue doud of smoke to
curl in the beam of light cast by the
lamp, and lose itself in the dimness be-
yond. "I suppose we might as well go
home—good God!”

  On the table between us had suddenly
appeared the paw. It was resting on the
table top, palm down, as solid-seeming
as the wood itself.

  In every detail we could see it: the
coarse black hair, of a slightly reddish
cast near the roots—the thick nails, or
talons curving from the blunt finger-
ends—the folds of grayish, money-like
skin at the hairy knuckles.

  At the same instant I felt a hot, fetid
breath on the back of my neck, felt my
chair creak forward as though a heavy
weight had pressed against its back, felt
hairy fingers fleetingly touch my shoulder.

  For the first time I felt fear. Numbing,
sickening fear! This could not—could
not be hypnotically induced illusion! I
shouted aloud, and leaped from my chair,
to stand trembling, staring at the space
behind it.

  I saw nothing. Nothing! I looked at
the table. The paw had disappeared
again.

  "Steady,” said Bryce. His own lips
were white. "Steady.” He stopped

abruptly, and his eyes, following mine,
saw what I was seeing.

  Just outside the range of clearest light,
across the table from us, coiled the
thickest wisps of smoke from Bryce’s
cigarette. In the still air of the room
these had not been much dissipated. But
now they were suddenly being agitated,
as though something were moving
through them. At the same time, some
of the thicker, further coils were blotted
from sight, to reappear again, as if a
body moved before them. But our eyes
could still see—nothing.

  The agitation of the smoke wisps per-
sisted, in a sort of airy trail behind some-
thing that moved around the table and
toward us. Involuntarily Bryce threw up
his hands in a gesture of defense.

  The burning ash of his cigarette was
abruptly scattered in a shower of sparks
as though something had struck violently
against it. There was an odor of scorched
hair, and the air was rent by an ear-
splitting howl.

  The black hairy paw again material-
ized before us. But this time it was not
still. It was clenching and unclenching,
clutching savagely toward us. And now,
slowly, as though a cloud of mist were
whirling together more and more tightly
to pack into a definite shape, we saw—
the body the paw was attached to.

  Just a glimpse our horrified eyes had
of a gigantic, hairy black shape, some-
thing like a man, something like a go-
rilla. Just a glimpse we had of flaming
eyes that were those of neither man nor
beast. Just a glimpse of a nightmare fig-
ure about to leap.

  Then, as we cowered back, the thing
howled once more with fury, the electric
lamp was dashed from the table with un-
imaginable violence—and we were in
darkness with the creature.

  I felt talons rake across my cheek. A
BLACK INVOCATION

771

great hand closed around my throat, and
I was hurled clear across the room. I
heard Bryce cry out in mortal terror,
heard a bedlam of bestial snarling and
howling, -and felt a weight on my chest
that I was sure must crush it in. Then I
lost consciousness.

Icame to my senses, how much later I
do not know, to find that my shoul-
ders were being roughly shaken. In-
stinctively I raised my hands to protect
myself, but when I opened my eyes I
saw—not the hairy terror, but Bryce,
white and trembling, bending over me.

  "I thought you were dead,” were his
first words. "My God, what a narrow
escape!”

  "Where is the—the thing?” I asked
weakly, gazing around the room. The
place was in fearful disorder, with chairs
knocked about and the table tipped over
and the black cloth ripped from the walls
in a dozen spots. But there was no sign
anywhere of the awful hairy paw, or of
its even more awful owner.

  "It has disappeared back to whatever
place it came from,” said Bryce.

  I sat up and dabbed at the deep
scratches on my cheek. And as con-
sciousness returned more completely to
me, reason followed close behind—and
at the things reason intimated, I began
to wonder, and then to feel very, very
sheepish.

  I looked speculatively at Bryce.

  "Done in!” I said. "Tricked to a turn!
The prize fools of the universe!”

  Bryce stared. "What do you mean by
that?” he asked at length.

  "I mean that we must bow to Signor
Abracelli. He has handled us like chil-
dren. We must certainly congratulate
him when he returns from his boiler
room retreat.”

■ > Bryce’s heavy eyebrows went up. "You

think there can be a doubt as to what we

saw?”

  "Unfortunately, there’s no doubt
whatever. It must have all been trans-
mitted bodily from Abraoelli’s mind to

ours.”

  "And what we felt?” demanded
Bryce.

  "Was—simply each other! In our ex-
citement one of us knocked the lamp
over, and in the darkness we fought each
other like a couple of frightened cats.”
"The thing that struck the sparks from
my cigarette?”

  "You knocked your cigarette against
the edge of the table as you raised your
hands. Yes—a fine pair of fools we
proved ourselves to be!”

  Bryce smiled grimly. "All these
tilings you claim are quite possible, even
plausible. But don’t patronize our fool-
ishness too much, old boy. For I have
proof, which will satisfy even you, that
the thing we saw was no hypnotic illu-
sion. It was real enough—here in this
room, called into being by the Latin in-
cantation.”

  He raised his right hand. I observed
for the first time that he had been keeping
it tightly clenched.

  "I don’t know just when, in the strug-
gle, I accumulated these souvenirs, but
I regained consciousness to find them
safely clutched in my hands. They tell
the whole story, I think. You’re still
skeptical? You’re still unable to believe
what you saw with your own eyes and felt
with your own flesh? Then—look!”

  He unclenched his fingers, and as I
looked at what he held, I felt an abrupt
return of some of the cold horror that
had gripped me before.

  In the palm of his hand were several
coarse, crinkly black hairs, slightly red-
dish at the roots—to which still adhered
flakes of grayish, monkey-like skin.
        by Al)GD5TV DERLETU
        ana MMK - SCE10RER

rA tale of dark powers unloosed by one who could not bear to see his sweet-
heart consigned to the grave

IF I HAD not counted John Thraves
my best friend, I should in all like-
lihood never have gone up the Mas-
sachusetts coast on that unpleasant and
foreboding journey climaxed by that un-
forgettable visit to the lonely house be-
yond Gloucester. A strange silence,
broken now and then by vague, incoher-
ent letters, had been the determining fac-
tor in my visit, and as I sit here now,
writing this, I can not help but feel how
much more at ease I would be, had I
chosen to disregard this silence; how
much better, indeed, if I had forgotten
my friend altogether. But now, alas! it
is impossible for me ever to forget John
Thraves.

Our acquaintance had begun at col-

a continual source of admiration to me.
And I could fully understand his love
for this strangely fascinating woman, she
who might have been such a woman as
Rossetti would have painted—tall and
slender, her features of that fine classic
mold so idealized at the end of the last
century, with the pallid olive quality in
complexion and the same smoldering
auburn hair that belonged to the harmony
that was hers. I have an unforgettable
picture of her, alone in a box at the opera,
wrapped in a green velvet cloak, her
oddly disquieting face
and auburn hair stand-
ing out serenely in the
glittering of the dia-
mond horseshoe.

lege, a common interest in architecture
serving to draw us closer and closer to-
gether as the years of our college training
went by. The acquaintance ripened into
a friendship that continued for some time
after we were graduated. Indeed, it was
interrupted only by Thraves’ deep love
for Dorothea Keane, a love so profound,
so absorbing, that it enslaved Thraves, a
man whose iron will at college had been

     772

  It was this woman who drew to her
John Thraves, body and soul. In August
of the same year he met her, they were
engaged, and in September I saw the last
of Thraves and Dorothea Keane, when
my firm sent me to Vienna to study. I
was still in Europe when terrible tragedy
struck at my friend, sending him from
New York City to virtual isolation at the
old Thraves estate on the Massachusetts
coast. They were to have been married
at Christmas. A week before, Dorothea
contracted a severe cold, which speedily
developed into pneumonia, resulting in
her death two days before the date set
for the wedding.

  Her death shattered John Thraves’ life,
and his vainly hopeful letters did not de-
ceive me. The tragedy was consummated
in a ghastly fashion when the Keane fam-

ily vault was opened one night and the
body of the lovely Dorothea removed in
its casket. Though this terrible thing hap-
pened only two days after her burial, it
was over a month later before I had
learned of it, and only then did I know
the reason for the inexplicable silence on
the part of my friend. How great this
added shock must have been to him was
indicated to me by the fact that not once

                                    773
774

WEIRD TALES

in subsequent letters did he so much as
hint of it.

  From the time that John Thraves had
retired to the lonely estate on the hook
beyond Gloucester, the letters I had from
him were filled with a deep melancholy,
and were often extremely brief, tense,
paradoxical notes. All during the follow-
ing spring and summer, his letters, strange
long epistles, became more and more in-
coherent and rambling. More often than
not, he would start his letters with terse
sentences about the unruly weather that
swept the Massachusetts coast; then, sud-
denly, in the middle of a paragraph, he
would write incomprehensible nonsense
about life after death, or some kindred
subject. One paragraph, which he started,
as customary, with a sentence about the
weather, contained no less than thirty dif-
ferent subjects, ranging all the way from
black magic to certain mystic rites per-
formed in the African Impi country.

  His references to black magic, more
constant than any other reference, puz-
zled and disturbed me most. The im-
pressions his letters gave varied fully as
much as his subject matter. At one time
I had the impression that he was him-
self practising black magic, at another
time that he was writing a book on the
subject; and at stiH another time he wrote
in such shuddering terms of black magic
that I thought for an instant that his mind
had been unsettled.

  In September of the following year I
returned to New York, fully expecting
that before many weeks were up, I should
get an invitation to join my old friend on
the Thraves estate. But none came. The
same incoherent letters continued to reach
me, breaking into long periods of silence,
until at last I decided that I would seek
him out, whether he so desired or not.
My first impulse to announce my arrival
I discarded at the last moment, a vague

belief that he might try to prevent ot dis-
courage my coming occurring to trouble
me.

Ileft New York one morning in No-
vember, and came into Boston at about
six that night. It was raining, and the
mists were crowding into the city from
the sea. I was glad to leave mist-haunted
Boston behind me, even though the two-
hour ride to Gloucester promised me lit-
tle change in scene. On the way, the
downpour increased, the heavy rain so
drenching the panes of my coach that I
could not see an inch out into the autumn
evening. I reflected upon how inauspi-
cious a moment I had chosen to visit my
old friend, but in the same thought saw
that I should certainly not be turned away
into a night like this, should my visit
prove as unwelcome as my ever increasing
forebodings suggested to me.

  The station at Gloucester was deserted
when my train drew in. I stepped down
to the platform and looked about me.
The night was dark now, and not far
away the sea was dashing itself against
the rocks of the coast. The rain still came
down heavily, and I pulled my raincoat
closer around me. A single light on the
platform showed only a dim haze through
the rain. Some one finally came along
the platform toward me, and I recognized
him for a cab-driver whom Thraves and
I had used in our college days. His ap-
pearance served only to bring back mem-
ories which time had thrust far into the
past.

  "Where to, sir?” he asked.

  He did not recognize me. I put down
my bag. "To the Thraves place,” I said.

  "You don’t want to be goin’ over there
tonight, sir?”

  "Yes. Of course. Why not?”

  "Well,” he drawled, "it’s a bit far on
an unholy night like this.”
IN THE LEFT WING

775

  "Nonsense,” I snapped. "It’s just
around the end of the hook, isn’t it?”

  "Yes, sir, but-”

  "Not more than two miles, is it?”

  "No, sir, but-”

  "Well, then?” I said sharply.

  " ’Tis a bad night, sir,” he started
again, but I cut him short.

  "Take me there,” I said.

  He grumbled something, but picked up
my bag. We started for his car, which
became visible now at the end of the
platform. I stepped into the back and
pulled the door shut behind me. The
driver tossed my bags into the front, and
climbed in after them. He started up the
engine, but before he left the platform,
he turned around to me and called as if
in afterthought, "I can’t be takin’ you
further than the gate, sir. The road don’t
go no further.”

  "Very well.”

  I remembered the Thraves estate, and
the rides there from Gloucester. When
we were yet at college, John Thraves and
I had come up occasionally for a week-
end. Gloucester on a sunny day is a
charming city, with the blue sky above
and the blue sea below, disturbed only
by the slightest roll on its surface, rip-
pling the reflections of the clouds. In
the harbor in the morning can be seen
the thousand masts of the fishing fleet
moving out through the dawn mists, and
at sunset, moving back in, crowding the
bay. And in the air always is the strong
salty odor of the sea.

  But tonight it was not like that. There
was nothing to be seen through the rain
and blackness, save only an occasional
glimmer moving in the distance, the light
of a vessel in the harbor, perhaps. We
were out of Gloucester before I had seen
more than the dim, half-disclosed outlines
of a dozen scattered buildings. By the
way the wind blew the rain against the

car, I knew that we were moving along
the hook, with the ocean on two sides of
us. There was nothing out there but
black space and an occasional faint light,
and, once or twice, the raucous voice of
a foghorn far out on the bay.

  We came to a stop abruptly, and the
driver turned around with, "Here you be,
sir. Seventy-five cents, please, sir.”

I paid him, and found myself deposited
with my bag on the sandy road be-
fore the gate that marked the edge of
the Thraves estate. It was a good ten
minutes’ walk from the gate to the house,
I knew, and a not too pleasant walk
through what was almost a wood of pines
as black as the night itself. I started out,
unhesitatingly, through the grilled gate
and up the stone path under the trees.
The rain still came down, and the wind
swept in from the sea, bending and sway-
ing the creaking trees. The steady pound-
ing of the surf, sounding rhythmically
against the rocky point of the hook, came
to my ears as from a great distance. I
looked ahead of me and thought I saw a
light where the dark mass of the house
loomed; but it was faint and dim, and it
seemed to waver, so that I could not be
sure if it were a real light or an illusion.
But as I came closer, I saw that it was
indeed a light, a light from the lower
windows of the left wing, but even close
I saw it dim and faint, as if it were the
light of candles burning in the room be-
hind drawn curtains, not a definite light
at all, but more a blur where the windows
were, drawn curtains veiling the house
from the bleak night.

  I was now at the very edge of the pine
grove that surrounded the house, and I
stood in the shelter of the great, gaunt
trunk of the one tree that reared itself
near the door, looking at this rambling
old New England country home, with its
776

WEIRD TALES

low roofs and many gables, feeling an
incomprehensible sense of fear, of danger
almost, a sensation which seemed to sug-
gest abrupt, unexplained flight to me.
The wind and the rain, the sighing and
creaking of the pines, the distant melan-
choly pounding of the sea, the old wood-
en house with its single gray light —these
details gave me a feeling of stark and
impenetrable gloom, a feeling so strong
that for a moment I hesitated to pierce
the solitude of my old friend Thraves.
But my hesitation lasted only a moment,
and it was gone; it was not as easy to
shake off the somber gloominess which
enshrouded me.

  Unhesitating, I approached the door,
put my hand ofl the great iron knocker,
lifted it, and let it drop. There came to
my ears the sharp sound made by iron
striking iron, and immediately after, muf-
fled reverberations within the house
sounded extraordinarily loud in a sudden
lull in the wind. Then the sound died,
and there was again only the rain, the
wind, and the constant sea.

  Once more I lifted the knocker and let
it fall, and again I heard the sound of
iron and the magnified sounds from
within the house. Still there was no sign
that my knock had been heard.

  I turned and looked back into the pine
grove, at the dim line I knew to be the
path by which I had come. Should I
start the long walk back to Gloucester
and await the coming day to find my
friend? But that was a good half-hour’s
walk in the rain, and already I was
chilled to the bone, wet and shivering.
The pine trees sobbed in the wind, and in
a sudden gust, the rain came beating
down into my upturned face.

  I turned to the shadowed doer once
more, determined to try the knocker yet
again. I had just lifted my hand, when
the door was pulled silently back, and a

man stood there, holding aloft a gutter-
ing candle.

  "Who is it?” asked a gruff voice, which
I recognized at once as that of Fenton,
the caretaker. At least, I thought, Thraves
is not alone in this dismal house.

  "It’s Mr. Suthard, Park Suthard,” I
replied. "Do you remember me, Fenton?”

  A sound like a startled gasp came from
Fenton. He raised the candle above his
head, and stepped aside. "Come in, come
in, Mr. Suthard,” he said, almost eagerly.

  I put down my bag in the hall and
turned to him. "Is your master here?” I
asked.

  He nodded his white head slowly.
"Yes, he’s here.” Then he held the can-
dle close to my face and peered at me
over his spectacles; a smile broke into
his wrinkled face, a face which my in-
stinct told me had not smiled for many
months. "Well, well, Mr. Suthard it is,”
he said, still smiling crookedly. "I’m
glad.”

  He led the way slowly down the ball,
mumbling more to himself than to me:
"... glad you’ve come. When you came
up with the young master you were al-
ways one to be laughing and joking and
carrying on as young folk should. Per-
haps now, Mr. Thraves . . . perhaps you
can make him laugh again.”

  I said, "Nothing wrong, is there, Fen-
ton?”

  He stopped and looked at me specu-
latively. Then he shook his head. "Would
I say wrong, I wonder?” he murmured.
"He’s not been the same, sir,” he went
on, "a bit queer, sir. It was after that
young lady-”

  I nodded, cutting him off with a word.
"Could I see him tonight?” I asked.

  Fenton hesitated. "He’s in the left
wing, sir, and I’m not allowed in there.
I’ll try to call him, though he does not
like to be disturbed. But then, he does
IN THE LEFT WING

777

spend most of his time in there, and I
can do no more than try, sir.”

Fenton shook his head, mumbling to
himself. He led the way through
open doors into what had been the draw-
ing-room. The candle light betrayed the
strange state of neglect into which the
once grand old room had fallen. As I
crossed the threshold, the broken end of
a gossamer thread caught my face. The
absence of electricity struck me suddenly;
I had expected Fenton to switch on the
lights as we entered the room, but he had
not done so.

  "Don’t you have any lights?” I asked.

  Fenton shook his head. "No, sir. They
were blown out in a storm about a month
ago, and Mr. Thraves won’t have them
repaired.”

  "Won’t have them repaired?” I ex-
claimed.

  "I keep telling him,” Fenton said.
Then he shrugged his shoulders. "But
he won’t have anything done. Won’t
have any one here, prying about, he says.
It’s not any longer for me to say, sir.”

  Fenton busied himself now with my
bag, took my hat and coat, and then lit
some wood that lay in the open fireplace.
In a few moments the slowJy creeping
flames had grown into a bla2e. But the
added light from the flames made the
old drawing-room only more gloomy, for
it showed still more clearly the heavy
dust that lay thickly on all the furniture,
the walls, the rugs, and the unbroken
spider webs that were spun across the
windows and in the darkened comers of
the room.

  Fenton pulled a chair up to the fire-
place, brushed it off with his handker-
chief, and offered it to me. I sat down,
rubbing my hands together, trying to stop
my chattering teeth.

  "I’ll try to get Mr. Thraves for you
now, sir,” he said.

  I nodded. He walked out into the
hall, and then I heard a door close be-
hind him. Shortly after, I heard his voice
calling John Thraves; it was as he had
said—he was not allowed in the left
wing, and was forced to tall his master
from the old-fashioned double doors
leading into the wing.

  I leaned toward the already dying
flames. For almost a half-hour I sat
there, the silence of the house growing
on me more steadily each moment. Fen-
ton’s voice had long ceased calling, but
he had not returned, and I did not know
whether he had been able to gain John
Thraves’ attention until I heard a door
open suddenly, and the sound of slip-
pered feet coming slowly along the hall.
I turned expectantly toward the door of
the room.

IT is impossible to describe adequately
the appearance of my friend as he
stood in that doorway, his face lit by the
last dancing light of the dying fire, im-
possible to convey fully the shock I felt
at sight of him. I had left him not much
over a year ago as I had always known
him, erect, dark-haired, his face healthily
tanned, his eyes bright, his lips firm. The
figure I now beheld was everything that
the John Thraves I had known was not.
He was clad in a long black robe that
swept the floor; it was open at the throat
and its scarlet lining served only to height-
en the grayness of his face, his pallid,
ghostly cheeks, his gleaming, feverish
eyes, his colorless lips, drooping loosely
and revoltingly. His hair was long and
unkempt, and there was a stubble on his
chin sufficiently thick to be called a beard;
a mustache, too, had grown. His thin
shoulders and his back were bent for-
ward, giving him the posture of an old
man, burdened with years. I felt his
burning eyes sweep me from head to foot.
The smile with which I had awaited him
778

WEIRD TALES

died on my lips; I could not speak. He
came toward me, slowly, walking like an
old man, shuffling along, dragging his
slippered feet after him.

  Then he spoke. His low-pitched voice
was the tense voice of a man ill of some
incurable disease. "You have come,” he
said.

   I smiled, trying to shake off the strange
premonitory feeling that had come over
me. "How are you, John?” I asked, ris-
ing. He was looking at me vaguely, un-
seeingly, dispassionately. "I finally de-
cided I had to come to know how you
were.”

  He smiled a little, then raised a thin
hand and brushed back the long hair
from his forehead. "I am glad,” he said
simply, “only I don’t know where to put
you. We’ve got nothing in order here.

My studies-” His voice trailed off

into nothingness, and he looked abstract-
edly around him, his hand straying to his
neck, where the open robe revealed his
dead-white skin. Then he turned abrupt-
ly, calling, "Fenton! Fenton!”

  Fenton appeared out of the hall. It
was as if he had been waiting. "Yes, sir,”
he said. "You called, sir.”

  "Is there a room in order for Mr.
Suthard?”

  Fenton hesitated. Then he said, "Any
of the upper rooms in the left wing can
be made ready in a few minutes, sir.”

  Thraves passed his thin hands through
his hair; his eyes were undecided. "Only
in the left wing?” he asked irritably.

  Fenton nodded. "Yes, sir.”

  “Very well. Take the bag up, build a
fire, and lay out the linen. But mind you
go up the front way. And leave us a light
here.”

  “Yes, sir,” murmured Fenton. He lit
a taper and stood it on the mantel. Then
he bent to take my bag and shot a guarded
look at me; his expression said, “You

see how he has changed? Then he went
out of the room, and I heard him going
slowly up the stairs at the end of the hall.

  Thraves turned to me. "A year now,”
he said abruptly.

  I nodded. "Over,” I said. Looking at
him, I began to wish I hadn’t come.

  He peered at me intently for a moment;
then his eyes shifted and he looked at the
last glowing embers in the fireplace. "I
have been ill,” he said, making a vague
gesture with his hands. Then he sat
down, and we spoke briefly of my
European year. At odd moments, there
were gleams of our old intimacy, yet never
was our conversation free from the feel-
ing of a wall between us. Often, Thraves’
face betrayed a preoccupation which was
not natural to him. Then, suddenly, he
interrupted himself in the middle of a
sentence, just as he had done so often in
his letters, and said, "Did I write to you
of black magic? Did I write you of my
work?”

  I said, "You did say something about
black magic, but I have forgotten what
it was.”

  He nodded quickly. "An interesting
study, black magic.” He would have
gone on, but something interrupted him.
He sat bolt upright, all his faculties strain-
ing to listen, a sharp exclamation checked
on his lips. “Is there something?” he
asked. "Do you hear anything? Did you
hear-”

  I had heard a shuffling noise during
a lull in the storm, but had assumed it to
be Fenton. "No,” I said, "I heard noth-
ing-”

  He was reassured at once. Then he
went on where he had broken off. "Long
ago I was interested in black magic. There
were old books. I came upon an inter-
esting theory about life after death, and
it is believed by some to be still in prac-
tical use.”
IN THE LEFT WING

779

  I thought: He is rambling. I said, "I
remember. You wrote me of it.”

  He looked slightly puzzled. "Did I?
I can’t remember.” He looked at me a
little askance. "But you don’t believe in
black magic, do you, Suthard?”

  I shook my head. "No, I don’t.”

  He clasped his hands and looked at
me. "You know,” he went on, "there is
a theory about the animation of dead
bodies—embalmed bodies, that is. But
Lord God, there is no soul!” His eyes, as
he said this, were so tragic that I felt for
a moment that John Thraves had gone
utterly mad.

  I got to my feet, feigning a yawn. I’d
like to get to bed, if you don’t mind, old
man,” I said.

  The words had hardly left my lips
when Fenton entered the room; again I
had the uncomfortable impression that
he had been waiting in the hall.

Thraves led the way up the stairs to
my room. We went into the cham-
ber, he still leading with the candle, which
he placed on the bureau. Others were
burning in brackets on the walls, so that
the room was quite light.

  I threw open the casement window,
despite the wind and rain, for there was
a musty odor of age in the room that
stifled and revolted me. Thraves did not
seem to mind, for he went over and
leaned out. Then he sank listlessly into
a chair, with his back to the window.

  "If you hear anything in the night,
Suthard, don’t be alarmed,” he said. "And
don’t prowl about, please, because that
disturbs me very much. Sometimes I walk
in my sleep; if I should see any one then,
the shock might be too much for me. My
heart is very bad.”

  Sympathetic words sprang quickly to
my lips, but he halted them with a curt
gesture. "I’m sorry,” I murmured.

  Thraves got up and went slowly to the
door. "I didn’t want to tell you,” he
said, "but I dare not take a risk.” At the
door, he turned to me. "You don’t be-
lieve in black magic, do you, Suthard?”
he asked, as if he had forgotten asking
me before.

  I shook my head.

  "I didn’t ask you before, did I?” he
said suddenly, and before I could answer,
continued, "No, no, of course not.” He
closed the door behind him.

  My astonishment knew no bounds.
Certainly something "had occurred in the
interval since Dorothea Keane’s death to
unsettle John Thraves’ mind. When
finally I had managed to subdue my agi-
tation, I looked about the room. It was
panelled with a dark wood, and the ceil-
ing was low. The casement was in a
gable, the floor of which was raised above
the level of the floor of the room. I
went to the window and looked out. The
rain had abated somewhat, though the
wind was still strong. There was the
dark sea, and the white foam of the waves
as they broke boomingly on the shore
was visible from where I stood. Once
more I felt the heavy atmosphere of this
place bearing me down, and again the
haggard appearance of John Thraves sud-
denly remembered depressed me further.
There was something evil here, some-
thing brooding in the air about the house.
And John, I felt, knew and recognized
it for what it was.

  I moved away from the window, and
went to the door. I pulled the door open
slowly, held my candle high, and peered
into the long shadowy hall. It was an
action with no motive, and I would have
withdrawn into my room in an instant,
had not a small white object on the floor
of the hall slightly down and across from
my door attracted my attention. With
pardonable curiosity, I stepped swiftly
[780

WEIRD TALES

forward and picked it up, taking it with
me into my room. What I held in my
hand brought all my senses instantly
alert, and at the same moment perplexed
and astonished me. It was a woman’s
silk stocking, and it had been worn only
once, and that recently!

  I do not remember my chaotic thoughts
clearly, but I do remember that one
stood out above them all. Was the cause
of Thraves’ strangeness a woman, of
whose existence I had not the slightest
hint? Fenton would know, I thought, and
I moved at once to summon him. But
I paused with my hand on the bell rope;
even while I thought that the clang of the
bell might disturb Thraves, I saw that
the rope had been cut a foot from the
floor.

  As I stood there, the stocking still held
in my hand, the sound of slow-moving
footsteps came to my ears. I listened
carefully; they seemed to come from be-
low, from the hall on the first floor of
the left wing. But Fenton had told me
that no one was allowed in the left wing
—perhaps it was Thraves still moving
about? Yes, as I remembered it now,
Thraves’ old room had been in the left
wing, at the end of the hall. The foot-
steps came in all likelihood from him.

  I retired to the great oak bed at last,
and was just in the realm of semi-con-
sciousness which precedes sleep, when a
new sound smote upon my ears, disturb-
ing the rhythmic pounding of the sea in
the distance. It was the sound of even
chanting, and what it suggested was so
utterly remote from my surroundings,
that I raised myself on my elbow to lis-
ten. It was indeed the sound of low
chanting, coming faint, as if from a great
distance. Yet I felt that it came from be-
low, perhaps from the cellars below the
old house. I had little time for specula-
tion, however; for the rhythm of the

chanting, the even beating of the waves
outside, and the weariness which crept
over me lulled me to sleep, to a sleep
which was broken by vague, unnamable
dreams of horror and dread, which
brought me relief only at its end, when
I woke in the dawn of a new day to find
the gray rain still falling, the wind still
blowing through the dark pines on the
shore.

IN the day, Thraves’ tensity of expres-
sion and preoccupation were notice-
ably lessened, and at odd moments he
was even somewhat garrulous, though
garrulity fitted him ill. In the morning,
we walked out to the point that stretched
like a finger into the sea, and from there
looked across the bay to the ship-filled
harbor. The rain still blew down in
sheets, whipping across the face of the
sea, but that morning it was invigorating
to stand under its force, and I lifted my
face to its cool rush in a vain attempt to
clear my mind of the vague doubts and
questions that clouded it. John wished to
go back to the house, and indeed, I saw
that he was in no physical condition to
withstand a storm of such vehemence.
Reluctantly I went back to the dark neg-
lected house.

  Later that morning, I mentioned to
John the walking I had heard below me
during the night, but he waved it aside.
"No, no, Park! Surely not! I went di-
rectly to bed.”

  I said, "I’m sure I heard footsteps, and
some one, I think, singing.”

  He started, but recovered almost at
once. "You must have been dreaming,”
he replied. "I remember that I got a
book to read myself to sleep with,” he
added, "but there was certainly no other
sound.” He looked at me sharply, watch-
ing my expression. I said nothing, though
I could hardly contain myself. I had
wanted to ask about the woman’s stock-
IN THE LEFT WING

781

ing I had found, but I was glad now that
I had asked first about the sounds from
below. But I meant to ask Fenton, if I
could find him.

  I did see him twice, but only once to
speak to. And then I had time only for
a brief question. "Tell me, Fenton, is
there a woman in this house somewhere?”
His face remained impassive, but he
said, "I am never allowed in the left
wing, sir.”

  He was gone again before I realized
that he had not answered my question,
that he had, indeed, deliberately hedged.
I did not attempt to follow him, to pur-
sue my inquiry further, because Thraves
was making an attempt to keep me with
him.

  As the day wore on, it became steadily
more apparent to me that I was not a
welcome guest, that my presence was dis-
tinctly not desired. At dinner that night,
Thraves, after some preliminary remarks
about the persistence of the wet weather,
turned suddenly to me and said, "I’ve
put a book in your room with some
marked passages that I want you to read,
Park.”

  I said, "I was about to ask you for
something to read tonight.”

  He lapsed into silence, and shortly
after, I excused myself, pleading weari-
ness. He demurred a little, but finally
assented to my going; he was obviously
glad that I was going to bed.

As I left the dining-room, the first
l distant rumblings of an approach-
ing thunderstorm echoed across the bay.
I found the book on the counterpane of
my bed. I took it up, and found that it
was a very old book in Latin; a glance at
a few lines told me instantly that it was
a book on black magic. I leafed through
it, hoping to find the passages Thraves
had said he had marked.

  The first of these passages was nothing

more than a rambling discourse on the
actuality of black magic, and numerous
contemporary cases of sorcery were cited
to bolster up the writer’s thesis. The
second concerned a Florentine case of
body-snatching, and was vaguely suggest-
ive of magical rites. The fact that this
was marked convinced me of an idea I
had long before accepted—the loss of
Dorothea Keane’s body had upset my old
friend’s mind, rather than her actual
death.

  I put the book aside for a moment to
get up and close the; window, through
which great gusts of rain were blowing;
for the storm had reached the hook, and
thunderous crashes now sounded and re-
sounded. The waves, too, were booming
against the coast with ever growing ve-
hemence, and the vivid flashes of light-
ning reflected on the walls of my room
despite the light from many candles.

  It was when I returned to my book
after this brief pause that I came upon the
third and longest of the passages marked.
I found myself at once interested, and
read as eagerly as my none too thorough
knowledge of Latin allowed me to; at
best it was laborious reading. "The body
does not die when the soul departs,” the
passage read, "and it is given to such as
we are to preserve ourselves if we desire
by magical means. Others, too, can be
preserved by us, but this is dangerous,
for it is then our living energy that ani-
mates the dead. For animation can be
brought about, but the soul is gone for
ever. Remember this, and be not too
urgent in matters such as these. A body
must not be a week old, and yet it should

be--” Here came a group of words

which my limited knowledge could not
enable me to translate. I read on beyond:
"There are in the aether other souls, evil
souls, which may take possession of the
animate bodies, and drain the life from
782

WEIRD TALES

those near. The task is fraught with ut-
most terror and danger. . . .”

  For some time, as I read, there grew
upon me the feeling that some subtle
change had come over the room. I looked
up, and sensed it immediately. There
was an odor of burning incense, an un-
mistakable odor, which seemed to drift
toward me from under the door to the
hall.

  I rose silently and opened the door;
the scent in the hall was considerably
stronger. As I stood there in the partly
opened doorway, there came intermittent-
ly to my ears, above the noise of the storm
outside, the same chanting which I had
heard the night before, and again the
sound of shuffling footsteps in the hall
below. And then—another sound—a
•weird gibbering noise, in a voice that was
not John Thraves’! It rose in a long un-
canny wail, and died again, a shrill petu-
lant cry, like the scream of a marmoset.
I stood frozen, for just as certainly as
that cry did not come from John Thraves,
it came from the throat of a woman!

  I withdrew abruptly into my room. For
a moment I stood in perplexity; then I put
my candle down, and went again into the
dark hall. I crept quietly toward the back
stairs from the floor below, up which the
heavy scent of the incense came. On the
stairs, the sounds from below were louder,
more clearly defined. I hesitated, remem-
bering suddenly that Thraves had said
to Fenton on the night of my arrival,
"Mind you go up the front way,” and
recalling that I had been kept carefully
away from the lower floor of the left
wing.

  Then I went forward again, creeping
slowly along. The shadowy hall below
came gradually into sight. From the door
of Thraves’ room there came a wavering,
shifting light, like the light of many can-
dles, and as I stood there, looking down-

ward, I heard once more that weird gib-
bering scream, breaking into the sound
of Thraves’ voice, which was chanting
clearly in Latin. I moved forward, toward
the half-open door.

  Though the chanting was clear now, I
could not always distinguish the words
uttered by John Thraves’ deep voice, tense
with passion and meaning. At intervals
I heard low murmurings, sudden petu-
lant cries in what was unquestionably a
woman’s voice. Then abruptly there came
a shrill cry, and a sound as of some heavy
object falling. And again the chanting,
coming as if in great sobs.

   I bent stealthily forward to look into
the room, and in that instant two things
happened—the elements singled out that
accursed house, striking it with a bolt of
lightning, and a sheet of flame shot into
the room into which I was looking—and
one instant before this happened, I saw
into that room!

How I got out of the house, I do not
know. I have a vague recollection
of staggering down the long passage in
the left wing, calling wildly to John
Thraves, and coming to myself at last
outside, with the rain beating down upon
me, Fenton at my side, the house before
me a great holocaust of flame. John
Thraves was nowhere to be seen, and
Fenton was running to and fro, calling
in a quavering voice to his master.

  I have tried since then to look back
upon the whole affair dispassionately, but
I can not do it. I have tried to forget the
terrible evidence so unwittingly chron-
icled in the newspapers a few days after,
telling of the discovery of charred bones
from two bodies in the ruins of the old
Thraves house, two bodies, one of which
was undeniably a woman’s! I am happy
because of one thing—those ghastly
books, those ancient volumes on black
magic, were destroyed in the holocaust!
IN THE LEFT WING

l783

  It is, I think, the terrible memory of
what I saw in that room that will not let
me rest, the memory that haunts me day
and night. It is doubly horrible, this
memory, in the light of what had gone
before that sight into John Thraves’ ac-
cursed room. I remember always more
sharply Thraves’ wild letters, his vague
and incoherent allusions to black magic,
and death after life, and that damnable
chapter on the animation of the dead in
that old book he had put into my room.
The fear-haunted face of John Thraves,
his gaunt, wasted body, his sad eyes, his
pathetic mouth, he in that long black
scarlet-lined robe—this memory of him
obsesses me always, suggesting so strong-
ly a terrible line in the book now forever

lost: "There are in the aether other souls,
evil souls, which may take possession of
the animate bodies, and drain the life
from those near.”

  But that is the least. If it were only
that, and not that other memory! For as
I looked into that incense-clouded room,
I saw John Thraves prostrate on the floor,
his lips mumbling the low chanting I had
heard, prostrate before a living, breathing
creature, a hellish form draped in green,
limned against the black walls, its auburn
hair flaming in the candlelight, an ac-
cursed living thing from the furthermost
reaches of most evil cosmos, a creature
with the form and face of the lovely
Dorothea Keane!

9his Thing I Wish

             By ALFRED I. TOOKE

         This thing I wish! When Death shall come for me,

          I would be buried ’neath a spreading tree.

         I would not have my body coffin-bound.

          In simple shroud let it be lightly wound,

          And cradled gently, for its last, long sleep,

         Where twining roots a kindly vigil keep.

         Perchance the body that was mine shall be,

          In time, a part of that far-spreading tree,

          Where birds, to sing, or build their nests will come,

         And bees amidst the nodding flowers will hum;

         Where summer zephyrs, sweetly whispering low,

         At play amongst the leaves will come and go;

         Where lowing cattle, wandering up the glade,

         Will pause a moment in the welcome shade.

         This thing alone I ask. When Life is spent,

          Cradle me so, and I shall be content.
Uhe

 0/iren of the Snakes

By ARLTON EADIE

A multitude of creeping things came out of the dark forest in a wave of hideous
gliding death—a thrill-tale of India

*c TTIVE for ever, O protector of the
| j poor! Salaam, O favored of Al-
lah! Art thou not ray father and
my mother?”

  One does not need to be long in com-
mand of a Gurkha battalion, occupying
a frontier fort, before discovering that,
when a Himalayan hillman starts address-
ing you in this strain, he intends to ask
you to do him a favor. Knowing that in
the absence of the assistant commissioner
I was expected by the powers that be to
act as judge, law-giver, policeman and
general adviser to all and sundry, I re-
signed myself to the inevitable and sum-
moned the Gurkha havildar to act as
interpreter. This man, Ramzan Mar by
name, possessed the gift of tongues in no
small degree; there was not a hill-dialect
throughout the whole of Hindu-Koh of
which he did not have at least a working
knowledge. He possessed another gift
which, in a native, is even more rare and
precious—that of brevity. He ruthlessly
divested the narrative of all those endless
repetitions and flowers of speech so dear
to the native heart, and presented me with
the gist as follows:

  The man was a messenger from a tiny
village situated among the foot-hills
about six miles to the east, and had "come
before the sahib’s face” to solicit aid in
putting a stop to the depredations of
some denizen of the surrounding jungles.

  I can assure you that I grew interested
when Ramzan’s translation reached this
point. One of the compensations of
being quartered amid the somewhat

     784

desolate mountains which form the north-
ern bulwarks of Hindustan is that they
contain hunting-grounds which may be
classed among the finest in the world.
Ibex, burrel, gazelles, chamois, and ante-
lopes abound. Nor are the more formid-
able ferae naturae lacking; with patience
—and luck—one might get a shot at a
leopard or prowling tiger, and I at once
surmised that it was some such animal
that was causing the trouble. But it
turned out I was wrong.

  "It is not a tiger, sahib,” Ramzan
translated, after the man had replied to
my question. "He says it is a gigantic
python.”

  "A python?—a man-eating python?”
I cried in amazement, my interest now
at fever-heat. Many were the stories I
had heard of the terrible power possessed
by these huge reptiles, which, although
lacking the poison-fangs common to the
majority of Indian snakes, are neverthe-
less as much dreaded as any viper or
cobra. They rely upon their immense
power of muscular contraction to over-
come their prey, encircling the victim in
their deadly folds and crushing it to a
pulp before swallowing it whole. But I
had certainly never heard of an instance
where one had deliberately attacked a
village, and I made no secret of the fact
that I was somewhat skeptical.

  When Ramzan translated my doubts
to the man they evoked a perfect torrent
of protestations, accompanied by abun-
dant excited gestures.

                    W. T.—4
THE SIREN OF THE SNAKES

785

  "What’s he getting annoyed about?”
I inquired.

  "He says it is no ordinary snake,
fdhib,” the Gurkha answered. "It is
a fiend—a devil—a beast of Satan—into
which the spirit of some long-dead witch
has entered. Nobody in the village is
safe from it. At first it attacked only
the goats and sheep; but now it lies in
wait among the terraced rice-fields and
springs upon the women as they work.

It enters the very huts. It-"

   W. T.—5

  "That will do,” I interrupted, as I
rose to my feet and made my way toward
the quarters occupied by my second in
command.

  Gordon Meldreuth was in years but
litde more than a boy, having been
drafted to the regiment when he passed
out of Sandhurst a couple of years pre-
viously. He was a handsome, likable
young fellow and, having many tastes in
common, we had got on remarkably well
together. He was as keen oo big-ga^e
786

WEIRD TALES

hunting as I was myself, and his face lit
up with pleasure when I explained the
situation to him.

  "Of course I shall be only too pleased
to come with you, sir,” he cried, his eyes
roaming round the trophies of the chase
with which his room was decorated; from
the leopardskin beneath his feet to the
magnificent markhor horns above the
mantelpiece. "I should like to add a
sizable python to the list of my con-
quests!”

  Returning to the orderly-room, I was
able to send the messenger away happy
with the assurance that on the morrow
the two English sahibs would, Allah will-
ing, effectually rid his village of the terror
which beset it.

Ramzan mar accompanied us when
. we rode down the winding road
from the fort at daybreak the following
morning, starting thus early in order to
get the business over before the heat of
the day began.

  The Nepalese mountaineers, from
whom the Gurkha regiments are recruit-
ed, bear the well-deserved reputation of
being as good shikarees as they are sol-
diers—which is saying a good deal for
their abilities in the hunting line—and
Ramzan was no exception to the rule. He
was a grave, taciturn man, short in stat-
ure as are all his race, and his squat
brown features would have undoubtedly
failed to win any but a consolation prize
at a beauty show. But he was a perfect
cragsman, an excellent stalker and an
adept in woodcraft generally, being as
active and wary as a wildcat. On our
arrival at the village he at once set about
commandeering the services of all the
able-bodied inhabitants to assist as beaters
in the chase.

  One of the villagers, who had been out
early gathering wild honey, had seen the

python lying in a deep nullah, or gorge,
with high, precipitous banks partly
clothed in long nurkal-gtass. So our
forces were at once marshaled for the
drive in the manner which Ramzan
thought best. While the small army of
beaters was proceeding to the head of
the nullah, Meldreuth and I set off on
foot to take up a position on a rocky
promontory at the farther end, overlook-
ing a spot where the python would have
to pass. Scarcely had we arrived there,
when there broke out a hideous chorus
of whoops, yells and whistles as the beat-
ers dashed into the other end of the
gorge like a pack of fox-hounds. I well
knew, however, that this ostentatious dis-
play of zeal resulted more from the pre-
vailing idea that the greater row each
man made the less chance there would
be of the python coming near him, than
from any eagerness in the pursuit.

  Nearer and nearer came the din, until
it sounded but a hundred yards or so
from where we crouched with ready
rifles. Then it became apparent that
Ramzan’s woodcraft was not at fault.
The reed-like nurkal-grass round the edge
of the little rocky clearing below was
gently parted and through it emerged
the flat, wicked-looking head of the
python.

  "Hold thy fire, sahib,” whispered
Ramzan, who had appeared as silently
as a ghost behind us. "Wait till he is
well out in the open.”

  I nodded my head to show that I heard
his advice, and my finger took the "first
pressure” on the trigger as the reptile
began to emerge. It was in no hurry,
however, in spite of the uproar behind it.
An age seemed to pass before the entire
length of its body became visible; but
when it was fully revealed I could not
help a slight gasp of astonishment es-
caping me.
THE SIREN OF THE SNAKES

787

  Never in the whole course of my
Indian experience had I even so much as
heard tell of such a gigantic creature.
The girth of the largest part of its body
must have been at least three feet and its
length at least thirty. By those who
frave only seen a python in a cage at the
Zoological Society’s Gardens, or a stuffed
specimen in a museum, it may perhaps
be thought that the mosaic-like markings
of brilliant orange, brown and blade
would render it a conspicuous enough
object; but, actually, the very reverse is
the case. As the .creature wound its sinu-
ous way among the small boulders and
dumps of sun-dried grass, it harmonized
admirably with the color of its surround-
ings. Those seemingly conspicuous black
stripes so nearly resembled the shadows
cast by the stones and grass-stems that,
had the python remained motionless, it
would have been extremely difficult to
detect its presence.

  But I had little time in which to ad-
mire this example of nature’s protective
coloring. The python was now in the
center of the little dearing—it seemed
almost impossible to miss. J took careful
aim along the sights and gently squeezed
the final pressure on my trigger. At the
same moment Gordon Meldreuth fired.

  That python seemed to bear a charmed
life! I saw the flash of my explosive bul-
let as it impinged on the rocks a few
inches from the creature’s head. Mel-
dreuth was using solid, but the sharp
thud of .bis bullet on the stones, instead
of the unmistakable dull plop which it
makes on striking flesh, told the same
tale of an inglorious miss.

  "Ne luggai [missed him],” whispered
Ramzan in a tone of bitter disappoint-
ment; then—"Quick, sahib! Shoot again
before he is out of sight.”

  Oace more our rifles spoke. But by
this time the now thoroughly alarmed

reptile had so changed its position that
the sun was shining directly into our
eyes, making accurate sighting difficult.
Whether it was due to this fact, or to the
feelings of exasperation at our first bun-
gling, I know not. The only thing I am
certain of is that, so far as injuring the
python was concerned, we might have
been merely pelting him with pebbles.
Fortunately for the chase, however, his
progress was now over fairly open
ground, so that we could catch an occa-
sional glimpse of his body as it wowd
in and out amid the boulders. He seemed
to be making directly toward a spot on
the left bank of the nullah where the
sheer limestone diff rose in a kind of
natural dome, at the base of which—in
spite of our efforts to head him off—he
at length disappeared.

  "Shah ash! [bravo],” cried Ramzan,
pointing to the numerous well-defined
tracks among the beaten, grass, showing
the trails were frequently used. "We
have him now, sahib. This is his lair/’

  As usual, the shikaree wasted but little
time in words. Drawing his kookerie—
that heavy curved knife which is a
characteristic part of the Gurkhas’ equip-
ment, and which they are in the habit
of using as much for domestic as for
fighting purposes—he at once set to work
hacking away the undergrowth around
the place where the python had gone to
earth. Presently he paused in his tajk
and beckoned me to approach.

ONE glance was suffident to show me
that the place where the python had
taken ref uge was no natural fissure in the
rock. The entrance was an arched door-
way, richly decorated with native sculp-
tures, the weather-worn appearance of
which seemed to indicate an extreme an-
tiquity. Immediately above the lintel was
a large statue, whidb at first giance I
■788

WEIRD TALES

thought was supposed to represent a mer-
maid. Closer inspection, however, con-
vinced me that I was looking upon an
idol of a Hindoo goddess, Naga-Kanya,
the Snake Princess, who, half snake, half
woman, is still worshipped by thousands
of devotees.

  "Why, this must be one of those old
cave-temples dedicated to the snake-god-
dess, of which I have heard so much,”
cried Gordon Meldreuth; adding with a
laugh, "Well, Mister Python has certainly
sought sanctuary in an appropriate spot!”

  I noticed Ramzan’s eyes narrow sud-
denly at the words. As befits a true son
of the prophet, he was accustomed to
profess a supreme contempt for every
brand of superstition not orthodox to
his own faith; although later on I had
cause to suspect that he was not so in-
different to the gods of the Hindoos as he
affected to be. But the villagers them-
selves made no secret of their feelings.
They hung back, gathering into knots
and talking eagerly in low, awed tones,
occasionally casting terrified glances at
the statue over the cave-door. It was
clear that the fact of the python seeking
refuge in the Temple of Naga-Kanya
presented itself as no mere coincidence to
their superstitious minds.

  By this time* the brushwood was
entirely cleared away from the entrance,
and Ramzan sheathed his kookerie and
looked inquiringly at me.

  Now, I do not mind admitting that
had I been alone I should have given up
the hunt there and then; for the prospect
of seeking the python in its lair sent a
tingling sensation down my spine merely
to think of it. But I knew that the eyes
of the whole crowd were upon me watch-
ing for the least sign of funk in the
English sahib. There was nothing for it,
therefore, but to unsling my rifle and
make toward the cave with such outward

appearance of determination as I could

assume.

   The interior of the place was lit by a
dim half-light, which filtered through a
creeper-grown aperture high up in one of
the walls. Pausing a few seconds to
allow my eyes to grow accustomed to the
semi-obscurity, I advanced step by step,
my rifle held ready in my hands, search-
ing the shadows on either side for some
sign of the python. I breathed more freely
when I had arrived opposite the gap
through which the light entered, for here
one could at least see the surrounding
objects with tolerable distinctness; and
here, to my unbounded surprize, I per-
ceived evidence that at some period or
other the cavern must have been occupied
by a human being. A kind of rude couch
of skins stood in one corner, together
with a few earthenware vessels of primi-
tive manufacture.

   I had, however, but little time in which
to take in the full significance of these
details, for at that moment I became
aware of two small points of light shin-
ing amid the inky blackness of the farther
end of the cavern. They were the eyes
of the python, intently watching my every
movement!

For perhaps a full minute I stood
stock-still, gazing at those two specks
of greenish fire. Then—it may have been
my imagination, or merely the natural
effect of the straining of my own eyes in
the darkness, but it seemed as if those
bright, watching eyes were getting larger
—nearer—that the python was silently
writhing its way toward me as I stood.

  Who has not heard of the hypnotic
effect of a snake’s direct gaze? Many
were the accounts I had heard of that
strange, uncanny power—heard and dis-
believed—but at that moment I was on
the point of receiving positive and practi-
THE SIREN OF THE SNAKES

789

cal proof of the matter. I felt a sense
of mental numbness stealing over me;
all danger seemed to be forgotten in a
dreamy speculation as to what would
happen next; all power of making effort
seemed to be paralyzed. It appeared
that there was no other course open to
me but to wait there, silent, motionless,
for the inevitable.

  Then some flicker of my fast-expiring
consciousness warned me of the peril
in which I stood—that unless I roused
myself and threw off the fatal lethargy,
I was lost. Blindly, mechanically—al-
most, I may say, unconsciously—I raised
my rifle and let drive with both barrels.

   Fortunately the distance which separated
us was so short that a miss was impos-
sible. The two points of fire were ex-
tinguished as though they had been
snuffed out by an invisible hand, and the
next instant the cave was filled with the
violent contortions of the reptile’s coils
in their last death-throes.

  Scarcely had the smoke from the dou-
ble discharge cleared away, when I saw
another pair of eyes gleaming from the
opposite corner. Heavens! had I pen-
etrated into a perfect nest of pythons?

  Even as the thought crossed my mind
I was conscious of something brushing
across my cheek. Whether it was some
large moth, or dark-loving bat disturbed
by the noise of my shots, I did not pause
to consider. Without even waiting to
reload my rfle, I turned tail and—well,
let us call it, "retreated with all speed.”
"Two of them?” cried Gordon Mel-
dreuth, when I had explained what had
happened.

  I nodded. "I have accounted for one.”
"And the other is coming out now.
Listen!” he interrupted.

  A slight, vague noise was approaching
toward the mouth of the cavern, and
something appeared indistinctly in the

gloom. In a flash Meldreuth had thrown
his rifle to his shoulder.

  "Hold!” cried Ramzan Mar, suddenly
knocking up his weapon so that it ex-
ploded harmlessly in the air. "That is
no python, sahib.”

  The shikaree’s quick sense of hearing
had not deceived him. A second later,
to our unbounded amazement, there ad-
vanced into the sunlight a young girl,
slight, graceful and well-formed.

  So unexpected was her appearance that
for a space in which one might count a
hundred nobody moved or spoke. We
stood—the beaters, Ramzan, Meldreuth
and myself—like men suddenly frozen
into stone, staring at the girl as she slow-
ly advanced toward us.

  She was not a native—or if she were
she belonged to a caste with which I was
unacquainted. Her skin was as light as
any European’s, and her features, framed
in masses of waving black hair flowing
loose on her shoulders, were of an almost
classical regularity. In their flawless
perfection they resembled more the ideal
sculptures of ancient Greece than a crea-
ture of flesh and blood. Her tall, supple
form was draped in the folds of a strange,
iridescent garment; formed, I subsequent-
ly noted, out of the semi-transparent cast
skins of snakes, and over her rounded
bosom there fell a long necklace com-
posed of the threaded teeth of the same
reptile.

  As we stood there, amazed and won-
dering, there came a yell of terror from
the beaters, and with one accord they
took to their heels, shouting out some
unintelligible gibberish as they disap-
peared in the jungle.

  "What are the fools shouting about?”
Meldreuth asked, impatiently addressing
Ramzan Mar. * ;v

  "They say that this maiden is Naga
Kanya, the goddess of the snakes—she
190

WEIRD TALES

who crushes the life out of mortal men
with her embrace or poisons them with
her kiss, O sahib,” the Gurkha answered.
Although the man endeavored to infuse
into his reply some of his customary con-
tempt, I could see by the expression on
his usually impassive face that his mind
was not entirely at ease.

  But Gordon Meldreuth only laughed
aloud.

  "The fools fear that she will crush
them in her embrace, do they?” he cried,
his eyes fixed on the graceful figure be-
fore him. Then he laughed again. "Well,
one might die a far less pleasant death
than that!”

  They were words spoken light-heart-
edly and in jest; words which were prob-
ably forgotten by him almost as soon as
they had left his lips. But they were
words which, in the light of after-events,
were destined to remain inscribed on my
mind with letters of fire, like a warning
written by the prophetic finger of fate.

IGHT—an Indian night.

  Not the windless, stifling night
of the Plains, which seems but a brief
spell of heat-laden darkness between two
baking days, but a night amid the upper
slopes of the Himalayas; where the wind,
cooled oyer miles of glaciers, fills the
lungs with its icy/exhilarating breath.

  The moon had just topped the crests of
the distant crags rising along the ridge
of eternal snow, and was lighting up such
a sublimely grand prospect of fell, forest
and flood as could hardly be surpassed
the world over. Our fori was set on a
broad, jutting spur of rock commanding
the pass below. On either side the
mountains rose in rugged precipices,
rocky amphitheaters, and gigantic but-
tresses toward the naked peaks which
stood out in grand yet awful magnificence
against the silvery sky. Glaciers lay in
the hollows between some of the higher

spur?, while broad fields of virgin sow
filled the head of the main valley. To the
right, so near that the wind drifted the
spray across the angles of the narrow,
winding path leading up to the gate of
the fort, there fell from above a foaming
torrent which, roaring sullenly below,
filled the valley with its deep, never-
ending resonance. Farther down, the
steep mountainsides were dark with vast
tracks of somber-hued deodar forests rent
here and there by long lines of uprooted
and splintered trees, masses or earth-
soiled snow and debris marking the course
of avalanches which had swept from the
towering heights above.

  Such was the prospect spread out before
me as I leaned over the stone parapet of
the fort, smoking and musing over the
events of the day. We had returned to
the fort about nightfall, the mysterious
girl accompanying us. I had been de-
sirous of leaving her at the village in the
foot-hills; but when we called there on
our way back, the inhabitants resolutely
refused to allow her to enter, finally
backing up their refusal with volleys of
stones and curses.

  "Take the snake-witch from our doors,

O	sahib,” they had shouted. "Are we
weary of our lives that we ^should give
shelter to Naga-Kanya, the daughter of
death and destruction? Take her hence,

O	sahib, or we will surely slay her.”

  After that there was no alternative but
to lodge her in the foist until I could have
her sent under escort down the Rotaag
Pass to Sultanpur, where she would be
in safe and kindly hands at the mission-
home.

  Who was this girl? Where did she
come from? By what train of extraor-
dinary circumstances had she been enabled
to enter, unharmed, into that python-
haunted temple of the snake-goddess?
Meldreuth and I had discussed these
THE SIREN OF THE SNAKES

791

Questions over dinner without arriving at
any satisfactory solution. Nor could the
Gurkha sergeant Ramzan Mar enlighten
us. He had questioned her in every one
of the hill dialects without eliciting the
least sign of understanding. As to the
language which she herself spoke, Ram-
zan emphatically called upon Allah and
the Prophet to witness that he had never
before heard it spoken. One word she
had repeated many times, "Vasantasena,”
at the same time pointing to herself. This,
we assumed, was her name; for when we
uttered the strange sibilant syllables she
would nod and smile as though pleased.
At the same time I noted that her smiles
were sunniest when it was the young and
handsome Gordon Meldreuth who spoke
her name. She seemed to attach herself
to him as a matter of course; for such a
grizzled old veteran as myself she had
scarcely a second glance.

A quick step on the concrete flagging
of the courtyard roused me from my
revery. It was Gordon Meldreuth. As
he came toward me, carrying his topee
in his hand, as though to let the cool night
breeze play on his uncovered head, the
moonlight fell full upon his face. Maybe
the cold white rays deceived my eyes, but
it seemed to me as if his features were as
colorless as marble and that his usually
bright eyes were dull and troubled.

  "I’ve warned the men who are to form
the escort tomorrow, sir,” he reported.
"When do they parade?”

  "At daybreak,” I answered. "We
at least owe it to the girl to get her as
soon as possible to a place where she will
be well looked after by sympathetic per-
sons of her own sex. Then it may be
discovered who she is and where she
comes from.”

  "Yes,” Meldreuth said, after a long
pause. "Perhaps it will be best. Poor
Vasantasena!”

  I half turned and, under pretense of
knocking the ash from my cigar, flashed
a quick look into the young officer’s face.
There had been such a wealth of wistful
tenderness in his voice as he uttered the
sibilant accents of her strange name—a
name which somehow vaguely suggested
the hissing of a snake—that the suspicion
which had been forming in my mind for
the past few hours now flashed into sud-
den certainty. My impressionable young
subaltern had fallen in love with this
jungle girl!

  "Yes,” I repeated, this time in a tone
of grim conviction. "It certainly is best
that she should leave here.”

  If he noticed the irony of my utterance
he gave no sign. For awhile he remained
silently gazing at the distant moonlit
peaks; then he passed his hand wearily
across his forehead and laughed un-
steadily.

  "I’m not subject to nerves, sir, as you
know”—he spoke with that constrained
awkwardness of a man imparting a con-
fidence of which he is half ashamed—
"but tonight I have an unaccountable
foreboding of coming calamity. If we
were on the verge of a big push I could
understand the feeling. But all is quiet
on the frontier—yet death seems to hover
in the very air.”

  I was now staring at the man in genu-
ine astonishment. Had I not seen him
dozens of times under heavy fire, and had
I not known him for one of the coolest
officers under my command, I should have
thought he was suffering from funk—
which was absurd. Yet here he was
talking about "forebodings” like any
nervous schoolgirl. He must have guessed
what was passing in my mind, for:

  "I know it sounds like so much abso-
lute rot, sir,” he said with a laughing
shrug, "but the feeling is there all the
same. I wouldn’t have spoken of it, only
792

WEIRD TALES

we’ve been something more to each other
than niece messroom acquaintances, and—
if anything should happen to me—I want
you to look after”—again his voice grew
softer as he uttered the name—"Yasan-
tasena.”

   "Of course I’ll do my best for the girl/’
I rejoined, somewhat impatiently. "But
what is likely to happen to you? The hill

tribes are quiet. What danger-”

  "Hullo! What’s up with the sentry?”
Meldreuth broke in suddenly with the
words as he pointed to the Gurkha on
guard. The man had come to a halt at
the farther angle of the parapet, and
although he had not challenged, was look-
ing intently at something directly below.
In a moment we had hurried to his side.
"What is it, sentry?” I asked.

The man straightened up, came to the
slope, and saluted before he an-
swered:

  "A snake, sahib. There—on the path
below. And there is another—and
another! By Allah! every snake in the
mountains hath come at the call of that
accursed witch-girl!”

  Extraordinary as the assertion sounded,
it certainly seemed as if it were true. The
rays of the full moon lit up the landscape
below until it appeared like a model
carved in shimmering silver. By its
light, almost as clear as day, we beheld a
terrifying sight. From the dark forests of
deodar-cedar, from the boulders lining
the zigzag path to the fort, from the
thickets of grass and reeds bordering the
rushing stream — from every scrap of
cover, it seemed—there emerged an ever-
increasing multitude of creeping things.

  Huge pythons, hooded cobras, slender
whip-snakes, deadly puff-adders—every
poisonous and loathsome thing that crawls
was there—all forming one wave of
hideous gliding death—all converging to

the path which led up to the fort in which
we stood.

  "Guard . . . turn out! Bugler, sound
'Fall in’/’

  Meldreuth rapped out the orders smart-
ly. There was no hint of nervousness
about him now. In spite of his recent talk
about premonitions, here, in the face of
actual danger, he was ice-cool.

  "Machine-gunners—to your emplace-
ments. . . . Rifles, line the parapet.
Bombers, make ready! . . . Point-blank
range—independent firing. Take your
own time, men, and let ’em have it hot.
Rapid . . . load!”

  For one brief second there sounded the
faint metallic clicking as the cartridge-
clips were pressed into the magazines
and the breech-bolts thrust home. The
next instant the peaceful stillness of the
valley gave place to a pandemonium of
hell. The fort had only two small guns
belonging to a mule battery, but what we
lacked in artillery was amply made up
for in small arms and bombs. The quick
rattle of the rifles; the sustained whirring
of the machine-guns; the sharp bark of
the little nine-pounders; the dull thudding
explosions of the Mills’ bombs—all com-
bined to make up a devil’s harmony diffi-
cult indeed to surpass.

  Such was the mass of reptiles wedged
in the gorge below that every shot must
have told. But their numbers seemed
endless. As fast as one rank of the mass
was blown into writhing fragments,
another advanced to take its place. The
little white path was now blade with the
reptiles, living and dead. But in spite of
the appalling hail of lead showered upon
it, that nightmare host crept nearer and
ever nearer to the gate of the fort.

  "Steady, men. Keep cool and fire low.
Gunners, concentrate on the head of the
column.”

  And so the conflict went on; and a more
THE SIREN OF THE SNAKES

793

fierce or fantastic one was never waged on
this planet—and probably never will be.
"Sahib—Meldreuth sahib!”

  So engrossed had I been in the scene
before me that I had all this time scarcely
given a thought to the girl Vasantasena.
But as these words fell on my ear, uttered
in a soft whisper, the memory of the
strange circumstances under which we had
found her rushed back to my mind. I
remembered the superstitious awe in
which the natives held her—her dress of
pythons’ skins—her home in the den—
and the horde of snakes which now beset
us. Small wonder was it that my brain
was in a confused whirl as I turned round
at the sound of her voice, speaking, for
the first time, intelligible words.

The jungle girl was standing immedi-
ately in the rear of the firing-line.
Her hair was unloosened, flowing about
her breast and shoulders and showing up
their gleaming whiteness against its raven
hue. Her eyes were shining with excite-
ment; her lips parted in a smile—it
seemed of triumph. Her lissom form was
swaying, undulating, like some graceful
palm shaken in the wind—or like some
serpent about to strike. . . .

  “Meldreuth sahib,” again she uttered
his name; and yet again: “Meldreuth!”

   I saw the boy turn and for a space look
into her deep, compelling eyes; standing
like a man fascinated—entranced. Then
he took a step forward and caught the
swaying figure in his arms.

  “There is no danger-” he began:

but his voice died away and a look of
wonder came into his face. For her slen-
der white arms had enfolded themselves
about his neck; her lithe body pressed
close to his. Nearer and nearer came the
two faces—the boy’s flushed, half puz-
zled; the girl’s pale, coldly triumphant—
her eyes never for an instant quitting

his—until at last their lips were pressed
together in a lingering, passionate kiss.

  (fBismallah! The snakes are at the
gate!’’

  The frenzied shout from the parapet
caused me to turn my eyes. It was true.
About the one slender barrier which stood
between the teeming horde and ourselves
there was piled a mass of reptiles—I heard
the timbers creak and groan beneath their
weight. Bombs were useless now—they
would only serve to blow in our own de-
fenses. I shouted the order for the rifles
to take up their position on the towers
flanking the gate, and began to lead the
way. But I had not taken a couple of
strides before a terrible cry, coming from
behind, caused me to stop dead.

  Gordon Meldreuth was still on the
same spot where I had last seen him, but
instead of being in the embrace of Vasan-
tasena he was now struggling in the coils
of an immense python!

  Heaven alone knows by what means it
had gained access to the fort; nor was
there time even to consider such a mat-
ter. With the rapidity of a whirling whip-
lash, the rest of the creature’s body
wrapped itself round his legs, throwing
him to the ground.

  Even in the brief second that I stood
fumbling with the flap of my revolver-
holster I saw the terrible coils contract,
and heard the sound—such as I never
wish to hear again—as the bone-crushing
pressure was exerted.

   Revolver in hand, I dashed forward.

  But Ramzan Mar was readier than I.
He appeared as if by magic by the side of
the pair in that devil’s embrace, and
raised his rifle until it almost touched the
reptile’s head. Then came a sudden flash
of fire—a sharp report—and the hideous
head disappeared—blown into space by
the near discharge.

  Snatching a kookerie from the belt of
[794

WEIRD TALES

the nearest man, I assisted Ramzan in
hacking asunder the still palpitating coils
of the python, until at last we had poor
Meldreuth free. But one glance into his
face was enough to tell me that he was
doomed.

  For a few seconds I stood, half dazed,
looking down at the pitiful wreck of what,
a few minutes before, had been a man full
of life and the desire to live. Then a
sudden thought came to me.

  "Where is Vasantasena?” I asked of
Ramzan.

  "There, O sahib,” the man answered,
pointing with his reddened blade to the
faintly moving fragments of the python.

  "There?” I repeated, aghast, as the sin-
ister import of his words came home to
me. "There? Are you mad, havildar?”

  Ramzan shrugged grimly.

  "At least she is not within the fort,
sahib," he declared.

  "You talk like a child—not a man!” I
cried roughly, trying to fight down the
ghastly conviction which was taking hold
of my mind. "If the girl is not here she

must have contrived to lower herself over
the wall of the fort, and so escape.”

  The grim old shikaree did not answer
at once. Instead, he stooped slowly and
raised from the ground some tattered
fragments of snakeskin, such as composed
the dress of Vasantasena. Stooping
again, he disentangled a string of blood-
stained objects—the necklace which she
was accustomed to wear—and held it
aloft.

  "The snake-girl changed back into her
natural form even as she held the captain-
sahib in her arms,” he asserted solemnly.
"Of a truth, sahib, she was indeed—Naga-
Kanya, the queen of all the snakes. That
is why they attacked the fort. Her sub-
jects came at her command—and at her
death they depart! Look, sahib!”

  The Gurkha pointed over the parapet
as he spoke.

  Not a living creature remained in the
pass below. But at the farther end of the
gorge toward the foot-hills and jungles of
the plains, a dark, undulating mass was
slowly fading out of sight.

rairi'Eaters

By FRANK BELKNAP LONG, JR.

A shuddery tale about the dead men who sat in the boat, and a weird horror

  from four-dimensional space

STEPHEN WILLIAMSON, anthro-
pologist and archeologist, stood at
the rail of the Morning Star and
watched the dim gray shape of the
long boat shed its hazy indistinctness as
the sun penetrated the fog and threw
ruddy curlicues athwart the gleaming
gunwales. From where Williamson was
standing the occupants of the boat were

distinctly visible. They sat immobile, in
grotesque attitudes, and when William-
son hailed them they made no response.
Williamson craned forward over the rail,
studying them intently out of bloodshot
eyes. Then, suddenly, his body went
tense, and a cold horror descended upon
him. He turned abruptly, cupping his
hands, and shouted out a frantic warning
THE BRAUST-EATERS

i795

“They came for Thomas last night, but they
not take all of him. He is sifting
before mg as I write.”

  »/ Vt \ II

<"C(Sy ivj

to the first mate, who was standing rather
nonchalantly amidships with his hands
thrust deep into his trousers pocket?.
"Keep away from her! Ease her off!

For God’s sake-”

  '"What’s that?” The mate strode to
the rail and glanced anxiously over the
side. But from where he was standing
the boat was not visible. He was obliged
to repeat his query to Williamson, who
occupied, for the moment, the position
of ship’s guardian. Below in his cabin
the captain was raving impotently, his
brain unhinged by liquor and fever.
"What did you say, Steve?”

  "I said—stay clear of her!”

  "Why?”

   "Cholera, I think. Anyhow, it’s awful!
A death-trap. Keep clear of her.”

  In a moment the mate was by Stephen’s
side, staring with horror at the boat and

its contents. It was drifting aimlessly ip.
a long swell, its rudder askew and trail-
ing sea-moss, its oarlocks sodden with
caked salt and a darker, more disturbing
ingredient that looked, from a distance,
like caked blood. The mate gripped Wil-
liamson’s arm. "They’ve been dead for
weeks, ’ ’ he muttered, hoarsely. ' 'Every man
of ’em. They’re nothin’ more than skel-
etons.” He spat to conceal his emotion.
"Every man of ’em. God, Steve-”

  "Look there!” Williamson had raised
his arm and was pointing excitedly at the
tallest of the seven skeletons.

  The mate grew dizzy with horror. A
choking, gurgling sound issued from his
throat, and his hand tightened on his
companion’s acm till the latter cried out
in shrill pjrotest. "Steady, Jim.” Then,
after a pause, "It was cannibalism. Noth-
ing else. But I can understand it, Jim. If
i796

WEIRD TALES

the poor devils were insane, crazed-”

  "But his head,” the mate protested hys-
terically. "They couldn’t eat that. Why
did they cut off his head?”

  The headless man sat bolt upright in
the boat. He was clothed in stained gray
trousers of woolen texture and a coarse
seaman’s shirt of alternating black and
white stripes open to the waist. His feet
were bare and sun-scorched. One arm,
severed at the wrist, dangled forlornly
from beside the oarlocks, rising and fall-
ing with the slow oily swell. The other
was outstretched, as though it had been
endeavoring, at the instant of death, to
ward off the attack of something malign
and unspeakable. On several parts of the
hairy, exposed chest were dark and omi-
nous stains. The muscles of the torso
stood out so rigidly in the half-light that
they were discernible at a distance of
fifty feet.

  But despite his mutilations and imper-
fections the headless man was easily the
most commanding figure in the boat. The
other occupants were pitiable in the ex-
treme. They sprawled against the gun-
wales in attitudes of abject despair—mere
husks of flabby skin over protruding
bones, with skull-like faces and rigid, im-
mobile arms. The sea had had its way
with them. They were not merely dead;
they were beginning, slowly, to blacken
and shrivel and putrefy.

  "It isn’t cholera,” said Stephen grimly.

  The mate nodded. "You’re right, I
guess.” His voice sounded hollow and
unfamiliar even to his own ears. The
strangeness of its timbre appalled him.
He glanced almost hysterically at his
companion. How, he wondered, could
the man remain so cool? He had hitherto
been so emotional, so easily upset. Yet
now, somehow, the scientist in him was
rising to the occasion, was astonishing
the mate by his assurance and poise.

  "We may as well lower a boat,” said

Stephen decisively. "I want to know
precisely what happened. It’s utterly
ghastly, but I’ve got to know.”

Thirty minutes later a decidedly ill
scientist crossed the deck of the
Morning Star in a strangely indirect fash-
ion; crossed the deck in a semi-daze and
gripped the rail till his knuckles showed
white. For a moment he stood watching
a Portuguese man-of-war scudding over
the oily sea, his gaze remaining riveted
on the weirdly beautiful polyp till it dis-
appeared in the purple haze fringing the
horizon. Then, abruptly, he wheeled and
met the inquisitorial scrutiny of the mate.
"Well?”

  "I told Harris to put—sew sheets on
the bodies,” said Stephen in a cold and
lifeless voice. "The least we can do is
give them a decent burial.”

  The mate shivered. "I hope we can
get it over with soon. A crew of dead
men don’t suit my fancy. If the captain
should see 'em—in his condition, you
know, it wouldn’t be pleasant. I told
Simpson to keep watch on the old man.”
"I’m more concerned about the crew,”
said Stephen slowly. "They’ve been whis-
pering and muttering ever since we
brought the bodies aboard. Frightened
blue, I guess. I don’t know as I blame
them. If they could see this diary”—
Stephen tapped his pocket significantly—
"they might—run amuck. To tell you
the truth, Jim, it’s got me frightened. I
don’t know what to think.”

  The mate moistened his lips with the
tip of his tongue. "It’s crazy gibberish,
Steve,” he muttered. "They went through
hell, apparently, and it’s my guess this
fellow Henderson cracked up under the
strain. Bein’ an officer and a gentleman
—well, any one could see he was only a
frightened kid. I don’t think I ever saw
a man’s face so drawn and despairful-
lookin’.”
THE BRAIN-EATERS

797

  Stephen removed a weather-stained
memorandum book from his pocket and
began nervously to finger the pages.
"There are things here, Jim,” he said,
"that you can’t argue away. Descriptions,
details. I’m convinced those men en-
countered something appalling. No
thirst-crazed lunatic could have been so
devilishly, inhumanly logical. Hender-
son remained courageously cool-headed
to the very last. This entry shows what
stuff the kid was made of.”

  Stephen had opened the book, and as
the mate stared silently down into the
almost motionless sea he began, slowly,
to read:

hey want our brains. Last night
one of them got in touch with me.
It laid its cool face against my forehead
and spoke to me. I could understand
everything it said. A terrible death
awaits us if we do not obey them implic-
itly. They want Thomas. We are to
make no attempt to thwart or resist them
when they come for him.

  "Later.—They came for Thomas last
night. They did not take all of him. He
is sitting before me now. I can see his
broad shoulders and back as I write. They
are limned very terribly against the glare
of the sunset, and they obtrude with a
terrible vividness. His presence is a per-
petual horror, but we dare not throw him
overboard. They would not approve.

  "I am perfectly sane. The horror has
not dulled in any way my perception of
the visible realities about me. I know
that I am adrift in the Pacific, fifty miles
perhaps off the coast of Salvador, and
that I am compelled to endure the pres-
ence of a headless corpse and five cow-
ardly fools who gibber and moan like
baboons merely because they lack guts
and haven’t sufficient water. My own
stoicism bewilders and amazes me. Why
is it that my hand does not tremble as I

write, that I can remain so observant, so
calm? It may be that I have lost all capac-
ity to suffer. We have passed into a
strange world—an alien and utterly in-
comprehensible world which makes the
fears and agonies of common life seem
curiously impersonal and remote.

  "We have abandoned all hope of a
possible rescue. Nothing can save us
from them. It is amazing how complete-
ly I have resigned myself to the inevita-
ble. Three days ago we were as confident
as the devil. Why, we actually jested
when the Mary O’Brien went down. Red
Taylor called it a natty dive. She went
down bow first. It was an enormously
impressive spectacle. The water about
her was a white maelstrom for fully five
minutes.

   " 'It’s only a few miles to the coast,’ I
told them, 'and we’ve enough water to
last a fortnight. We’ll row in relays.’

  "They are aquat and slimy, with long
gelatinous arms and hideous, bat-like
faces. But I have reason to suspect they
can change their form at will. For hours
our ears were assailed by a horrible, mad-
dening droning, and then—we saw them.
We saw them glistening in the moon-
light. All about us the sea was carpeted
with their luminous, malignant faces.
There was nothing we could do. We
were helpless—stunned.

  "They are not animals. They are in-
dued with a cold, unearthly intelligence.
We have drifted into strange waters.
Our compass revolves so maddeningly
that it is useless as a guide. I have a
theory — incredible, fantastic — which
would account for all that has occurred,
but I dare not confide it to the others.
They would not understand. They are
convinced, even now, that the things are
fantastic fishes. They do not know that
I have communicated with them. They
did not see me last night when I left the
boat and went with them into the abyss.
798

WEIRD TALES

They were deceived by die presence of
my physical body, which remained with
them in the boat. They did not suspect
that I had descended into the dark, cold
abyss.

  'They were strangely reticent. They
merely confided to me that they wanted
Thomas’ brain. They feed, it seems, on
human brains, and of all our brains
Thomas’ is the most finely organized. It
is compact, imaginative, sensitive. He is
a semi-illiterate A. B. S., but his brain
is first-rate. What interests them primar-
ily is not so much the culture or cultiva-
tion which a brain has acquired, but sim-
ply its naked intelligence. They experi-
ence strange, vivid new emotions and
sensations when they feed on unspoiled
human brains. But they do not really
eat our brains. Rather, they suck, absorb
diem. They wrap themselves tightly
about human heads, and suck out the con-
tents of the cranium through the eyes
and nostrils.

  They do not always carry away the
heads which they desire to use in this
fashion. Occasionally they merely ex-
tract the brain while the victim is asleep.
In such cases the poor wretch is certain
to awake a raving maniac. Sightless—
and a maniac. The other way is more
merciful. I am glad that they severed
Thomas’ head and took it away. The
presence of his body is a horror and a
madness—but it is reassuring to know
that he has ceased to suffer. The men
are showing the effects of the torture.
Brett has been whimpering pitifully for
hours and Lang is as helpless as an in-
fant. They want to throw Thomas’ body
into the sea, but I won’t give my consent.

  "They live at the bottom of the sea
and are not a part of our familiar world.
They inhabit another dimension. By
some ghastly and inexplicable mischance
we have passed into another dimension
of space. We have passed into an exten-

sion of the three-dimensional world. The
existence of these creatures confirms the
wildest speculations of theosophists and
mystics, who have persistently maintained
that man is not the only intelligent in-
habitant of the globe—that there are
other worlds impinging on ours. Above
the familiar seas of the world are imposed
other invisible seas inhabited by strange
and hideous shapes utterly unlike any-
thing with which we are familiar. There
is not one Pacific Ocean merely. Occupy-
ing the same space in another dimension
are invisible Pacifics inhabited by strange
shapes with hidden, maleyolent powers.
We have, unaccountably, sailed into one
of these invisible worlds. We have
passed from the coast of Salvador to die
seacoast of an alien world.

  "It is a very terrible world. Its deni-
zens are more malignant than vampires.
They raven on the brains of lost travellers
from the three-dimensional Pacific.

  "I had fallen asleep from sheer ex-
haustion when they came for me and
compelled me to follow them down
through die blue depths to their strange,
blue-litten city on the sea’s floor.

  "My body remained in the boat, but
my brain was with them at the bottom
of the sea. They can separate the brain
temporarily from the body without any
physical sundering. They were careful
to explain to me why I should not share
the fate of Thomas. They need me. I
have been enjoined to guard Thomas’
body—to keep the others from throwing
it into the sea.

  "Another ship has passed into this
Strange and hideous world. On it there
is a brain which they covet—an extraor-
dinary brain—the brain of a scientist and
poet. They desire to absorb it, and they
desire to absorb it while it is aflame with
curiosity and maddened by fright. When
they can absorb a highly evolved brain
that is keyed up to a pitch of wild ex-
THE BRAIN-EATERS

|799

citement they experience the most intense
ecstasy and rapture. So peculiarly are
they constituted that they are capable of
deriving the most piercing pleasure from
highly evolved, highly inflamed cerebral
tissue. In our world rare or alien mani-
festations of energy like radium, cosmic
rays and things of that kind react most
violently on terrestrial organisms and it
is very conceivable that in this other
world animal tissue—especially such
highly evolved tissue as one finds in
human brains—reacts with a similar in-
tensity upon the alien body-substances of
these creatures.

  "The scientist—the man who is com-
ing—has a brain which excites them im-
measurably, They are determined to
frighten and inflame it, and they think
that if its possessor encounters Thomas
sitting upright in the boat, headless and
ghastly, it will become a rare delicacy
and afford them the most exquisite rap-
ture. They have asked me to help them
and I dare not refuse. But I can at least
record what I know and suspect in this
book, and if he is not a blind fool he will
strive to escape.

   "I fear, though, that he is lost—hope-
lessly and irremediably lost.

  "Like us he has in some mysterious
way passed into another world. The ship
which bears him has been drawn—sucked
into some great vacuum or vent in three-
dimensional space and is now in an ut-
terly alien world. A black and abysmal
world. Nothing on earth can save him.
His naked intelligence, perhaps—but
nothing on earth. The brain-eaters will
not spare him.

  "They will fasten upon his skull and
drain it dry. His eyes will be drawn from
their sockets, and his brain will melt and
dissolve like tallow in the sun. Their
moist, dark mouths-

  ”1 am very ill. The ocean about me

is carpeted with leering, malignant faces.
The others see them, too. Brett is cring-
ing and whining and foaming at the
mouth like an epileptic, and Adams has
collapsed against the gunwale. Blood
is trickling from his nose and his eyes
are drawn inward. His face is a mask—
a corpse-mask. There is nothing we can
do or say. We sit lifelessly by the oars
and stare at Thomas’ ghastly body, which
has become a mockery, a menace. I have
resigned all hope-”

Williamson closed the book and
glanced anxiously at the man be-
side him. "Wouldn’t you say, Jim, that
there was something behind it?”

  Jim looked exceedingly ill. "I don’t
know. It’s all so very queer—uncanny.
If there’s any truth in it it’s your brain
they’re after.”

  Williamson nodded. "I’ll tell you
what I’m going to do, Jim. I’m going
to sleep on deck tonight. I’ll bring up
my cot and sleep here. I’ll feel safer,
somehow, on deck.”

  The mate lowered his head. "I’d do
that,” he said, simply.

  It was after midnight when William-
son awoke and sat up. The moonlight
lay in bright, luminous stripes on his cot
and the wet planks of the deck. The
lifeboats stood out boldly in the silver
light, and from where he lay three huge
water-barrels and a great pile of tarred
rope were plainly visible. At first Wil-
liamson saw only these dim, familiar
shapes; the water-barrels, the rope, the
lifeboats swaying reassuringly in the
wind. Then, slowly, he became aware
of something dark and cumbersome,
something opaque that obscured his vis-
ion and concealed a portion of the second
barrel, something that made a pie-shaped
dent in the pile of cordage. He rubbed
his eyes; slowly, at first, then violently,
800

WEIRD TALES

hysterically. A dark shape was .clinging
to the heavy netting above his bed.

  For a moment he stared at it in stark
bewilderment. Then a great horror came
upon him and he shrank back against
the pillows. It was clinging to the netting
and moving backward and forward like
a great, slow-moving beetle. It was a
moving blot, concealing the stars—a fetid
dark blot against the spectral moon.

  Nausea welled up within him. He
started to rise, and then, suddenly, grew
sick with terror incalculable. The strength
ebbed from his limbs and his mind re-
fused to function. He lay supine upon
the coarse sheets, too stricken to move or
cry out. The thing was slowly changing
its shape. It was assuming a more defi-
nite contour, was waxing more malignant
and agile. Stephen’s eyes followed it
helplessly as it moved up and down the
netting. Ifc'was acquiring sight. It was
acquiring the loathsome capacity to re-
turn his atare. Two luminous spots
glowed malevolently down at him from
its crawling bulk.

  It was globular, and wet. From its
dark sac-like body dependedeight squirm-
ing tentacles. Or were they limbs? It was
impossible to be certain. They were so
maddeningly weaving and indistinct, at
one moment swelling in girth, and then
becoming so incredibly wire-like that they
seemed to merge with the mesh of the
netting which sustained them. But that
the arms ended in thin, claw-like hands
he did not for a moment doubt. The
hands were too constantly visible, too
patently sinister. They fumbled with the
netting, as though seeking to draw it
apart.

  He managed, somehow, to rise upon
his elbows, to extend, invitingly, his ex-
posed throat. It was not death he feared.
It was the torture, the suspense. He could
no longer bear to look into the horror’s

eyes. He had endured with agonized
fortitude the sight of its drooling, hat-
like mouth, and the odor of putrefaction,
the sea-stench which surged from it; and
even the fetid, flesbless hands with their
long luminous fingers had not incited
him to complete surrender. But its eyes
held a threat which could not be evaded
or endured. He did not want them to
come any closer. If the hands broke
through and the eyes came closer-

  It was better to surrender unreservedly
to the hands. So he raised himself on
his elbow and bared his throat. It was *
full minute before he perceived that he
had been mistaken and that the hands
were not seeking his throat.

  They were busily engaged in recover-
ing from the wet deck a large, round ob-
ject of disturbingly familiar appearance.
The thing had evidently been compelled
to lay this object down for a moment in
order to facilitate its ascent to the netting
above Williamson’s bed, and it was now
intent on recovering its gruesome trophy.
Slowly, deliberately, it raised the object
in its terribly thin arms, caressing and
fondling it, holding it very close, for a
moment, to its moist and bulbous mouth.
And in that same instant a hideous dron-
ing, that was like the thrum of huge
engines in some vast and reverberant
power-plant, smote menacingly on Wil-
liamson’s ear. It was not the droning,
however, which drove Williamson shriek-
ing from the bed and across the deck in
a straight dash toward the rail. It was
something much more unendurable than
any sound on earth.

  It was the sight of a face, blue-cheeked
and tortured, with matted red beard and
white, pupilless eyes—a face distraught,
yet immobile—a face that grimaced and
glowered, and yet remained strangely,
alarmingly impassive—the face of a dead
man, the face of a corpse. There were
dark stains above the temples, and the

                    W. T.—5
THE BRAIN-EATERS

801

matted hair and beard were clotted with
blood. The head was neckless—unat-
tached. It seemed to float upon the air.
In reality, however, it was being held
very firmly in the terribly thin arms of
something that wanted Williamson’s
brain, that wanted to do to Williamson
what it had done to the object it was so
proudly exhibiting. It was displaying the
object unashamedly to Williamson be-
cause it wanted to terrify him—to appall
and terrify him utterly. It wanted to
drive Williamson mad with fright so
that it could fasten on his inflamed brain
and drain it dry.

The mate, standing unsteadily upon
the bridge, was alive to William-
son’s peril. He had watched the scientist
awake from a troubled sleep and had
seen the dark shape moving backward
and forward above the latter’s head. He
had also observed, with an actual physical
retching, the round dark object on the
deck, before the horror had reclaimed it.
He was an imaginative man, and his
brain, at that moment, was as agitated
as the one which the horror coveted. But
a mighty wave of fury against the thing
that had come up from the sea blotted
the fright from his mind. The barrel
of the rifle in his hand glowed like a long
blue taper in the moonlight. Slowly,
with an almost hysterical deliberation, he
raised the weapon to his shoulder and
took aim.

  The horror screeched twice shrilly as
the bullet plowed through its dark body.
It fell from the netting, twisted itself into
a ball and rolled diagonally toward the
scuppers. As it passed over the deck it
left a thin blue trail of phosphorescent
slime on the wet planks. Williamson
turned from the rail, against which he
had been clinging, and raised a stricken
face toward the bridge. "It’s no use,”
W. T.—6

he shrieked. "Too many of them! All
about the ship! I’m going!”

  He started to climb upon the rail; and
then, suddenly, his foot slipped and he
went down with a thud. When he raised
himself again to a sitting posture he was
holding something dark and round be-
tween his hands and gibbering insanely.
"No top to it! No top at all!” he
screamed. "The brain-pan’s gone! All
sucked dry—nothing inside! Oh my
God!”

  Two strong hands descended upon the
mate’s shoulders and abruptly, ruthlessly,
he was pushed aside. A tall form in wet,
glistening slicker took his place upon the
bridge. The mate’s eyes widened bewil-
deringly. "Captain Sayers,” he muttered.

"Captain Sayers-”

  But the captain ignored him. He was
shouting out commands at the top of his
bursting lungs. "Put every stitch on her,”
he shouted. "Jump lively there!”

  Part of the crew had emerged from the
hatches and were running rapidly back-
ward and forward in response to the cap-
tain’s orders. After a moment he turned
to the gasping mate. "We’ll get out of
this. Do as I say, and we’ll get out of
this. I know what's happened. We’re
in the wrong dimension. I was in it once
before—years ago. Nothing to fear—if
you’ll do as I say. I know how to steer
her. Five tacks to the right, a twist to
the left and we’ll be out of it. I know.
I’ve been in touch with them for years.
I’m psychic.”

  "Mad,” groaned the mate. "Stark,
raving mad!”

  The captain had left the mate’s side
and was running frantically toward the
wheel. "Keep them at it!” he shouted
over his shoulder. "Tell them to square
away. Can’t put too much sail on her.
Can’t put too much—do you hear?”

  The mate nodded. "Worth tryin’,” he
muttered to himself. "Follow him im-
802

WEIRD TALES

plicitly. Nothin’ to lose. He’s in touch
■with ’em, maybe. Crazy people are
psychic. They know things we don’t.”
He raised his voice. "For God’s sake,
men, be quick. Do as the captain says.
It’s our only chance.”

  There ensued a race with destruction.
The great ship hove to and trembled
ominously, every sail on her taut with
the breeze, while from the ocean there
arose a screeching and a droning such as
no sane man could endure with fortitude.
The mate felt his reason tottering, even
as the reason of the captain had departed,
even as the mind of poor Williamson
had succumbed—poor Williamson, who
squatted hopelessly on the deck, his right
hand supporting a horror of horrors, and
his face a distorted mask in the spectral
light.

  But eventually they won through. The
ship, under the captain’s guidance, veered
strangely on the dark waters. It veered
about and rose on a mountainous swell,
and even as the captain shouted orders
into the attentive ear of the frightened
helmsman the droning and screeching di-
minished in volume. One by one the
hideous luminous faces faded from the
luminous seas. The wind went down, and
the ship floated serenely on a three-
dimensional ocean.

Four hours later the sun came up over
the coastal hills and flooded the ocean
with a saffron light. Williamson, serene
and at peace, stood silently by the rail and
gazed with gratitude at the prone form
of Captain Sayers. The captain lay asleep
on the bed which the scientist had va-
cated on the previous night under cir-
cumstances which the mate could not bear
to recall. But Williamson was the cour-
ageous one now. He dared to recall them.
He gripped the mate’s arm and smiled
wanly.

  "I’m glad you decided to obey the cap-

tain,” he said. "Nothing else could have
saved us. It was an heroic decision. The
captain knew, I am convinced. Men whom
the world calls insane—sick people, luna-
tics—are often en rapport with the invisi-
ble, the hidden. The fourth dimension is
an open book to them. They see things
which are hidden from us. And the cap-
tain knew.”

  The mate nodded. "I’m glad that they
didn’t take your brain, old fellow. It’s too
valuable an instrument. Aside’ ’—he added
with an ironic smile—"aside from friend-
ship, I’m glad. You can go on with your
work now. You can get all that dope on
the Mayas you missed last trip.”

  "I’ll not write about the Mayas,” said
Stephen decisively. "I’ve much more im-
portant information to convey. My next
book will deal with—with them.”

  The mate scowled. "No one will be-
lieve you.”

  "Perhaps not. But I’m determined to
put that horror on paper. Some one, some-
where, may read it and understand.”
The mate shook his head. "You’ll
lose caste. Your scientific friends will
gibe and jeer at you.”

  Stephen’s face set in grim lines. "Let
them jeer,” he muttered. "The knowl-
edge that I’m in the right will sustain
me.” He drew himself up. "God, but
it was a great experience. It nearly did
for me, but I know, now, that the world
isn’t the pretty little affair we’ve always
thought it. Out beyond are whetters of
cosmic appetites. I’ve a cosmic appetite,
Jim. I like to venture and explore. Per-
haps, some day, they’ll get my brain, but

in the meantime-”

  The mate smiled sympathetically. "I
can guess how it is,” he said. "There ain’t
any sailor this side of the Horn wouldn’t
understand. You’re always hankerin’ for
what lies just around the comer.”

  "Or on the dark side of the moon,”
amended Stephen, with a wistful smile*
^2)eviPs Bride

By SEABURY QUINN

A thrill-tale of murder, human sacrifice, and the infamous Black Mass—a

  story of devil-worship

The Story Thus Far

EAUTIFUL Alice Hume vanished
during the final rehearsal for her
wedding in the presence of her
fiance and a group of friends including
her mother, her family physician. Doctor
Samuel Trowbridge, and Trowbridge’s ec-
centric associate, the French physician-de-
tective, Doctor Jules de Grandin. The

little Frenchman discovered traces of a
yellow powder which, he explained to
Trowbridge, was bulda-gwai, the "little
death” used by the natives of the French
Congo to produce temporary paralysis.
Alice, he declared, had been abducted
while the wedding party was rendered
unconscious by bulala-gwai.

  De Grandin also believed that the dis-

                                             803:

 This story began Sn WICIKD TALKS for February.
WEIRD TALES

appearance was connected with a girdle
of tanned human skin that Alice had
worn. The girl told him that the belt
was known as "the luck of the Humes”
and had been in the family a long time.

  He found a concealed document in the
family Bible, written by Alice’s ancestor,
David Hume, and relating how he had
been sold as a slave to the devil-worship-
ping Yezidees, had rescued the daughter
of their chief from becoming the "bride
of Satan,” had married her, and later
brought her to America.

  Despite a sentence in the old manu-
script warning Hume’s descendants that
an attempt might some time be made to
"bring home” one of the daughters of
his line, Alice’s mother refused to admit
any connection between the Yezidees leg-
end and her daughter’s disappearance.
But that very night Mrs. Hume was found
murdered by a strangling-cord in her own
boudoir.

  De Grandin, joined by Inspector Ren-
ouard of the French secret service, and
Baron Ingraham, known as "Hiji”, of
the British secret service, raid the devil-
worshippers during a performance of the
infamous Black Mass, rescue Alice Hume,
kill one of the priests of the cult and
capture another. .

18.	Reunion

Iooking very charming and demure in
J a suit of Jules de Grandin’s lavender
pajamas and his violet-sik dressing-gown,
Alice Hume lay upon the chaise-lounge
in the bedroom, toying with a grapefruit
and poached egg. "If you’d send for
Mother, please,” she told us, "I’d feel so
much better. You see”—her voice shook
slightly and a look of horror flickered in
her eyes—"you see there are some things
I want to tell her—some advice I’d like to
get—before you let John see me, and—
why, what’s the matter?” She put the

breakfast tray upon the tabouret and
looked at us in quick concern. "Mother
—there’s nothing wrong, is there? She’s

not ill? Oh-”

  "My child,” de Grandin answered soft-
ly, "your dear mother never will again be
ill. You shall see her, certainly; but not
until God’s great tomorrow dawns. She

  "Not—not dead?” the word was
formed, rather than spoken, by the girl’s
pale lips.

  The little Frenchman nodded slowly.
  "When? How?”

  "The night you—you went away, ma
pauvre. It was murder.”

  "Murder?” slowly, unbelievingly, she
repeated. "But that can’t be! Who’d
want to murder my poor mother?”

  De Grandin’s voice was level, almost
toneless. "The same unconscionable
knaves who stole you from the marriage
altar,” he returned. "They either feared
she knew too much of family history—
knew something of the origin of David
Hume—or else they wished all earthly
ties you had with home and kindred to
be severed. At any rate, they killed her.
They did it subtly, in such manner that
it was thought suicide; but it was mur-
der, none the less.”

  "O-oh!” The girl’s faint moan was
pitiful, hopeless. "Then I’m all alone;
all, all alone—I’ve no one in the world

  "You have your fiance, the good young
Monsieur Jean,” the Frenchman told her
softly. "You also have Friend Trow-
bridge, as good and staunch a friend as
ever was; then there is Jules de Grandin.
We shall not fail you in your need, my
small one.”

  For a moment she regarded us dis-
tractedly, then suddenly put forth her
hands, one to Jules de Grandin, one to
me. "Oh, good, kind friends,” she whis-
THE DEVIL’S BRIDE

805

pered, "please help me, if you can. God
knows I am in need of help, if ever
woman was, for I’m as foul a murderess
as ever suffered death; I was accessory to
those little children’s murders—I was—
oh—what was it that the lepers used to
cry? 'Unclean? Oh, God, I am unclean,
unclean—not fit to breathe the air with
decent men! Not fit to marry John! How
could 1 bring children into the world? I
who have been accessory to the murder of
those little innocents?” She clenched
her little hands to fists and beat them on
her breast, her tear-filled eyes turned up-
ward as though petitioning pardon for
unpardonable sin. "Unclean, unclean!”
she wailed. Her breath came slowly, like
that of a dumb animal which resents the
senseless persistency of pain.

  "What is it that you say? A murder-
ess—you?” de Grandin shot back short-
ty-

  "Yes—■/. I lay there on their altar
while they brought those little boys and
cut their—oh, I didn’t want to do it; I
didn’t want them to be killed; but I lay
there just the same and let them do it—
I never raised a finger to prevent it!”

  De Grandin took a deep breath. "You
are mistaken, Mademoiselle,” he answered
softly. "You were in a drugged condi-
tion; the victim of a vicious Oriental
drug. In that all-helpless state one sees
visions, unpleasant visions, like the fig-
ments of a naughty dream. There were
no little boys; no murders were commit-
ted while you lay thus upon the Devil’s
altar. It was a seeming, an illusion,
staged for the edification of those wicked
men and women who made their prayer
to Satan. In the olden days, when such
things were, they sacrificed small boys
upon the altar of the Devil, but this is
now; even those who are far gone in sin
would halt at such abominations. They
were but waxen simulacra, mute, sense-

less reproductions of small boys, and
though they went through all the horrid
rite of murder, they let no blood, they did
perform no killings. No; certainly not.”
Jules de Grandin, physician, soldier and
policeman, was lying like the gallant
gentleman he was, and lying most con-
vincingly.

  "But I heard their screams—I heard
them call for help, then strangle in their
blood!” the girl protested.

  "All an illusion, ma chere,” the little
Frenchman answered. "It was a veritri-
loquial trick. At the conclusion of the
ceremony the good Trowbridge and I
would have sworn we heard a terrible,
thick voice conversing with the priest upon
the altar; that also was a juggler’s trick,
intended to impress the congregation.
Non, ma chere, your conscience need not
trouble you at all; you are no accessory to
a murder. As to the rest, it was no fault
of yours: you were their prisoner and the
helpless slave of wicked drugs; what you
did was done with the body, not the soul.
There is no reason why you should not
wed, I tell you.”

  She looked at him with tear-dimmed
eyes. Though she had mastered her first
excess of emotion, her slender fingers
clasped and unclasped nervously and she
returned his steady gaze with something
of the vague, half-believing apprehension
of a child. "You’re sure?” she asked.

  "Sure?” he echoed. "To be sure I am
sure, Mademoiselle. Remember, if you
please, I am Jules de Grandin; I do not
make mistakes.

  "Come, calm yourself. Monsieur Jean
will be here at any moment; then-”

  He broke off, closing his eyes and
standing in complete silence. Then he put
his fingers to his pursed lips and from
them plucked a kiss and tossed it upward
toward the ceiling. "Mon Dieu,” he mur-
806

WEIRD TALES

mured rapturously, "la passion delicieuse,
is it not magnificent?”

“Alice! Alice, beloved-” Young

a*.Davisson’s voice faltered as he
rushed into the room and took the girl into
his arms. "When they told me that they’d
found you at last, I could hardly believe—
I knew they were doing everything,

but--” Again his speech halted for

very pressure of emotion.

  "Oh, my dear!” Alice took his face be-
tween her palms and looked into his wor-
shipping eyes. "My dear, you’ve come to

me again, but-” She turned from

him, and fresh, hot tears lay upon her
lashes.

  "No buts, Mademoiselle!” de Grandin
almost shouted. "Remember what I said.
Take Love when he comes to you, my little
friends; oh, do not make excuses to turn
him out of doors—hell waits for those
who do so! There is no obstacle to your
union, believe me when I say so. Take
my advice and have the good cure come
here this very day, I beg you!”

  Both Davisson and Alice looked at him
amazed, for he was fairly shaking with
emotion. He waved a hand impatiently.
"Do not look so, make no account of
doubts or fears or feelings of unworthi-
ness!” he almost raged. "Behold me, if
you please; an empty shell, a soulless shad-
ow of a man, a being with no aim in life,
no home nor fireside to bid him welcome
when he has returned from duty! Is that
the way to live? Mille fois non, I shall
say not; but---

  "I let Love pass me by, my friends, and
have regretted it but once, and that once
all my aimless, empty life. Ecoutez-?noi!
In the springtime of our youth we met,
sweet Heloise and I, beside the River
Loire. I was a student at the Sorbonne,
my military service yet to come; she—
ther Dieu, she was an angel out of Para-
dise!

  "Beside the silver stream we played to-
gether; we lay beneath the poplar trees;
we rowed upon the river; we waded bare-
foot in the shallows. Yes, and when we
finished wading she plucked cherries, red,
ripe cherries from the trees, and twined
their stems about her toes, and gave me
her white feet to kiss. I ate the cherries
from her feet and kissed her toes, one kiss
for every cherry, one cherry for each kiss.
And when we said bonne nuit—mon
Dieu, to kiss and cling and shudder in
such ecstasy once more!

  "Alas, my several times great grand-
sire, he whose honored name I bore, had
cut and hacked his way through raging
Paris on the night of August 24 in 1572
—how long his. bones have turned to
ashes in the family tomb!—while her an-
cestors had worn the white brassard and
cross, crying 'Messe ou mort! A has les
Huguenots!’ ”

  He paused a moment and raised his
shoulders in a shrug of resignation. "It
might not be,” he ended sadly. "Her
father would have none of me; my fam-
ily forbade the thought of marriage. I
might have joined her in her faith, but I
was filled with scientific nonsense which
derided old beliefs; she might have left
the teachings of her forebears and accept-
ed my ideas, but twenty generations of be-
lief weigh heavily upon the shoulders of
a single fragile girl. To save my soul she
forfeited all claim upon my body; if she
might not have me for husband she’d have
no mortal man, so she professed religion.
She joined the silent Carmelites, the Car-
melites who never speak except in prayer,
and the last fond word I had from her
was that she would pray ceaselessly for
my salvation.

  "Helas, those little feet so much adored
—how many weary steps of needless pen-
ance have they taken since that day so
long ago! How fruitless life has been to
THE DEVIL’S BRIDE

807

me since my own stubbornness closed the
door on happiness! Oh, do not wait, my
friends! Take the Love the good God
gives, and hold it tight against your hearts
-—it will not come a second time!

  "Come, Friend Trowbridge,” he com-
manded me, "let use leave them in their
happiness. What have we, who clasped
Love’s hand in ours long years ago, and
saw the purple shadow of his smile grow
black with dull futility, to do with them?
Nothing, pardieu! Come, let us take a
drink.”

  We poured the ruby brandy into wide-
mouthed goblets, for de Grandin liked to
scent its rich bouquet before he drank. I
studied him covertly as he raised his
glass. Somehow, the confession he had
made seemed strangely pitiful. I’d known
him for five years, nearly always gay, al-
ways nonchalant, boastfully self-confident,
quick, brave and reckless, ever a favorite
with women, always studiously gallant,
but ever holding himself aloof, though
more than one fair charmer had deliber-
ately paid court to him. At last I under-
stood—or thought I did. Jules de Gran-
din was rather too complex to admit of
easy understanding.

  "To you, my friend,” he pledged me.
"To you, and friendship, and brave deeds
of adventure, and last of all to Death, the
last sweet friend who flings the door back
from our prison, for-”

  The clamoring telephone cut short his
toast.

  "Mercy Hospital,” a crisp feminine
voice announced as I picked up the instru-
ment. "Will you and Doctor de Grandin
come at once? Detective Sergeant Cos-
tello wants to see you just as soon as—oh,
wait a minute, they’ve plugged a ’phone
through from his room.”

  "Hullo, Doctor Trowbridge, sor,” Cos-
tello's salutation came across the wire a
moment later. "They like to got me, sor
—in broad daylight, W>."

  "Eh? What the deuce?” I shot back.
"What’s the trouble, Sergeant?”

  "A chopper, sor.”

  "A what?”

  "Machine-gun, sor. Hornsby an’ me
wuz standin’ be th’ corner o’ Thirty-
fourth an’ Tunlaw Streets half an hour
back, when a car comes past like th’ ham-
mers o’ hell, an’ they let us have a dose
o’ bullets as they passed. Pore Hornsby
got ’is first off—went down full o’ lead as
a Christmas puddin’ is o’ plums, sor—but
I’m just messed up a little. Nawthin’
but a bad ar-rm an’ a punctured back,
praise th’ Lord!”

  "Good heavens!” I exclaimed. "Have

you any idea who-”

  "I have that, sor; I seen ’im plain as I
see you—as I would be seein’ ye if ye wuz

here, I mean, sor, an’-”

  "Yes?” I urged as he paused a mo-
ment and a swallow sounded audibly
across the wire.

  "Yes, sor. I seen ’im, an’ there’s no
mistake about it. It were th’ felly you an’
Doctor de Grandin turned over to me to
hold fer murther last night. I seen ’im
plain as day; there’s no mistakin’ that
there map o’ hisn.”

  "Good Lord, then he did escape!”
"No, sir; he didn’t. He’s locked up
tight in his cell at headquarters this min-
ute, waitin’ arraignment fer murther!”

  19.	The Lightning-Bolts of Justice

That evening Alice suffered from se-
vere headaches and shortly afterward
with sharp abdominal pains. Though a
careful examination disclosed neither en-
larged tonsils nor any evidence of me-
chanical stoppage, the sensation of a ball
rising in her throat plagued her almost
ceaselessly; when she attempted to cross
the room her knees buckled under her as
though they had been the boneless joints
of a rag-doll.
808

WEIRD TALES

  Jules de Grandin pursed his lips, shook
his head and tweaked the needle-ends of
his mustache disconsolately. ”Uhysterie
he murmured. "It might have been fore-
seen. The emotional and moral shock the
poor one has been through is enough to
shatter any nerves. Helas, I fear the wed-
ding may not be so soon, Friend Trow-
bridge. The experience of marriage is a
trying one to any woman—the readjust-
ment of her mode of life, the blending of
her personality with another’s—it is a
strain. No, she is in no condition to
essay it.”

  Amazingly, he brightened, his small
eyes gleaming as with sudden inspiration.
"Parbleu, I have it!” he exclaimed. "She,
Monsieur Jean and you, vion vieux, shall
take a trip. I would suggest the Riviera,
were it not that I desire isolation for you
all until—no matter. Your practise is
not so pressing that it can not be assumed
by your estimable colleague, Doctor
Phillips; and Mademoiselle Alice will
most certainly improve more quickly if
you accompany her as personal physician.
You will go? Say that you will, my
friend; a very great much depends on it!”

  Reluctantly, I consented, and for six
weeks Alice, John Davisson and I toured
the Caribbean, saw devastated Martinique,
the birthplace of the Empress Josephine,
drank Haitian coffee fresh from the plan-
tation, investigated the sights and sounds
and, most especially, the smells of Pana-
ma and Colon, finally passed some time at
the Jockey Club and Sloppy Joe’s in Ha-
bana. It was a well and sun-tanned Alice
who debarked with us and caught the
noon train out of Hoboken.

  Arrangements for the wedding were
perfected while we cruised beneath the
Southern Cross. The old Hume house
would be done over and serve the bride
and groom for home, and in view of Al-
ice’s bereavement the formal ceremony

had been canceled, a simple service in the
chapel of St. Chrysostom's being substi-
tuted. Pending the nuptials Alice took
up residence at the Hotel Carteret, declar-
ing that she could not think of lodging
at my house, warm as was my invitation.

“A ll has been finished,” de Grandin
-L\. told me jubilantly as he, Renouard
and Ingraham accompanied me from the
station. "The justice of New Jersey, of
which you speak so proudly; she has more
than justified herself. Oh, yes.”

  "Eh?” I demanded.

  Renouard and Ingraham chuckled.

  "They gave it to him,” the Englishman
explained.

  "In the throat—the neck, I should re-
mark,” Renouard supplied, wrestling
bravely with the idiom.

  "The party will be held tomorrow
night,” de Grandin finished.

  "Who—what—whatever are you fel-
lows saying?” I queried. "What party
d’ye mean, and-”

  "Grigor Bazarov,” de Grandin an-
swered with another laugh, "the youthful-
bodied one with the aged, evil face; the
wicked one who celebrated the Black
Mass. He is to die tomorrow night. Yes,
parbleu, he dies for murder!”

 "But-”

   "Patience, mon vieux, and I shall tell
you all. You do recall how we—Mon-
sieur Hiji, Renouard and I—did appre-
hend him on the night we rescued Ma-
demoiselle Alice? Of course. Very well.

  "You know how we conspired that he
should be tried for a murder which he did
not perpetrate, because we could not
charge him with his many other crimes?
Very good. So it was.

  "When we had packed you off with
Monsieur Jean and his so charming fian-
cee, your testimony could not serve toi
save him. No, we had the game all isi

- j
THE DEVIL’S BRIDE

809

ourselves, and how nobly we did swear
his life away! Mordieu, when they heard
how artistically we committed perjury, I
damn think Ananias and Sapphira hung
their heads and curled up like two an-
chovies for very jealousy! The jury al-
most wept when we described his shame-
ful crime. It took them only twenty
minutes to decide his fate. And so to-
morrow night he gives his life in expi-
ation for those little boys he sacrificed
upon the Devil’s altar and for the dread-
ful death he brought upon poor Abigail.

  "Me, I am clever, my friend. I have
drawn upon the wires of political influ-
ence, and we shall all have seats within
the death house when he goes to meet the
lightning-bolt of Jersey justice. Yes, cer-
tainly; of course.”

  "You mean we’re to witness the execu-
tion?”

  "Mais oui; et puis. Did I not swear he
should pay through the nose when he
slew that little helpless lad upon the Dev-
il's altar? But certainly. And now, by
damn, he shall learn that Jules de Gran-
din does not swear untruly—unless he
wishes to. Unquestionably.”

Deftly, like men accustomed to their
task, the state policemen patted all
our pockets. The pistols my companions
wore were passed unquestioned, for only
cameras were taboo within the execution
chamber.

  "All right, you can go in,” the ser-
geant told us when the troopers had com-
pleted their examination, and we filed
down a dimly lighted corridor behind the
prison guard.

  The death room was as bright as any
clinic’s surgery, immaculate white tile re-
flecting brilliant incandescent bulbs’ hard
rays. Behind a barricade of white-enam-
eled wood on benches which reminded me
of pews, sat several young men whose

journalistic calling was engraved indel-
ibly upon their faces, and despite their
efforts to appear at ease it took no second
glance to see their nerves were taut to
the snapping-point; for even seasoned
journalists react to death—and here was
death, stark and grim as anything to be
found in dissecting-rooms.

  "The chair,” a heavy piece of oaken
furniture, stood near the farther wall,
raised one low step above the tiled floor
of the chamber, a brilliant light suspend-
ed from the ceiling just above it, casting
its pitiless spotlight upon the center of
the tragic stage. The warden and a doc-
tor, stethoscope swung round his neck as
though it were a badge of office, stood
near the chair, conversing in low tones;
the lank cadaverous electrician whose
duty was to send the lethal current
through the condemned man’s body,
stood in a tiny alcove like a doorless tel-
ephone booth slightly behind and to the
left of the chair. A screen obscured a
doorway leading from the room, but as
we took our seats in front I caught a fleet-
ing glimpse of a white-enameled wheeled
bier, a white sheet lying neatly folded on
it. Beyond, I knew, the surgeon and the
autopsy table were in readiness when the
prison doctor had announced his verdict.

  The big young Englishman went pale
beneath his tropic tan as he surveyed the
place; Renouard’s square jaw set suddenly
beneath his bristling square-cut beard; de
Grandin’s small, bright eyes roved quickly
round the room, taking stock of the few
articles of furniture; then, involuntarily,
his hand flew upward to tease the tightly
waxed hairs of his mustache to a sharper
point. These three, veterans of police
routine, all more than once participants in
executions, were fidgeting beneath the
strain of waiting. As for me—if I came
through without the aid of smelling-salts,
I felt I should be lucky.

  A light tap sounded on the varnished
810

WEIRD TALES

door communicating with the death cells.
A soft, half-timid sort of tap it was, such
as that a person unaccustomed to commer-
cial life might give before attempting to
enter an office.

  The tap was not repeated. Silently, on
well-oiled hinges, the door swung back,
and a quartet halted on the threshold. To
right and left were prison guards; between
them stood the Red Priest arrayed in open
shirt and loose black trousers, list slip-
pers on his feet. As he came to a halt I
saw that the right leg of the trousers had
been slit up to the knee and flapped gro-
tesquely round his ankle. The guards be-
side him held his elbows lightly, and
another guard brought up the rear.

  Pale, calm, erect, the condemned man
betrayed no agitation, save by a sudden
violent quivering of the eyelids, this, per-
haps, being due to the sudden flood of
light in which he found himself. His
great, sad eyes roved quickly round the
room, not timorously, but curiously,
finally coming to rest upon de Grandin.
Then for an instant a flash showed in
them, a lambent flash which died as quick-
ly as it came.

  Quickly the short march to the chair
began. Abreast of us, the prisoner
wrenched from his escorts, cleared the
space between de* Grandin and himself
in one long leap, bent forward and spat
into the little Frenchman’s face.

  Without a word or cry of protest the
prison guards leaped on him, pinioned
his elbows to his sides and rushed him at
a staggering run across the short space to
the chair.

  De Grandin drew a linen kerchief from
his cuff and calmly wiped the spittle from
his cheek. "Eh bien,” he murmured, "it
seems the snake can spit, though justice
has withdrawn his fangs, n’est-ce-pas?”

  The prison warders knew their work.
Straps were buckled round the prisoner’s

wrists, his ankles, waist. A leather hel-
met like a football player’s was clamped
upon his head, almost totally obscuring
his pale, deep-wrinkled face.

  There was no clergyman attending.
Grigor Bazarov was faithful to his com-
pact with the Devil, even unto death. His
pale lips moved: "God is folly and cow-
ardice. God is tyranny and misery. God
is evil. To me, then, Lucifer!” he mur-
mured in a singsong chant.

  The prison doctor stood before the
chair, notebook in hand, pencil poised.
The prisoner was breathing quickly, his
shoulders fluttering with forced respira-
tion. A deep, inhaling gulp, a quick,
exhaling gasp—the shoulders slanted for-
ward.

  So did the doctor’s pencil, as though he
wrote. The thin-faced executioner, his
quiet eyes upon the doctor’s hands,
reached upward. There was a crunching
of levers, a sudden whir, a whine, and the
criminal’s body started forward, lurching
upward as though he sought to rise and
burst from the restraining straps. As much
as we could see of his pale face grew
crimson, like the face of one who holds
his breath too long. The bony, claw-like
hands were taut upon the chair arms, like
those of a patient in the dentist’s chair
when the drill bites deeply.

  A long, eternal moment of this pos-
ture, then the sound of grating metal as
the switches were withdrawn, and the
straining body in the chair sank limply
back, as though in muscular reaction to
fatigue.

  Once more the doctor’s pencil tilted for-
ward, again the whirring whine, again the
body started up, tense, strained, all but
bursting through the broad, strong straps
which bound it to the chair. The right
hand writhed and turned, thumb and fore-
finger meeting tip to tip, as though to
THE DEVILS BRIDE

811

take a pinch of snuff. Then absolute flac-
cidity as the current was shut off.

  The prison doctor put his book aside
and stepped up to the chair. For some-
thing like a minute the main tube of his
questing stethoscope explored the red-
dened chest exposed as he put back the
prisoner’s open shirt, then:

  "I pronounce this man dead.”

  "Mon Dieu,” exclaimed Renouard.
"For God’s sake!” Ingraham muttered
thickly.

  I remained silent as the white-garbed
orderlies took the limp form from the
chair, wrapped it quickly in a sheet and
trundled it away on the wheeled bier to
the waiting autopsy table.

  "I say,” suggested Ingraham shakily,
"suppose he ain’t quite dead? It didn’t

seem to me-”

  "liens, he will be thoroughly defunct
when the surgeons’ work is done,” de
Grandin told him calmly. "It was most
interesting, was it not?”

  His small eyes hardened as he saw the
sick look on our faces. "Ah bah, you have
the sympathy for him?” he asked almost
accusingly. "For why? Were they not
more merciful to him than he was to those
helpless little boys he killed, those little
boys whose throats he slit—or that poor
woman whom he crucified? I damn think
yes!”

  20.	The Wolf-Master

IENS, my friends, I damn think
there is devilment afoot!” de Gran-
din told us as we were indulging in a final
cup of coffee in the breakfast room some
mornings later.

  "But no!” Renouard expostulated.

   "But yes!” his confrere insisted.

  "Read it, my friend,” he commanded,
passing a folded copy of The Journal
across the table to me. To Ingraham
and Renouard he ordered: "Listen; lis-
ten and become astonished!”

MAGNATE S MENAGERIE ON RAMPAGE

Beasts 011 Karmany Estate Break • Cages and Pur-
sue Intruder—Animals’ Disappearance a Mystery.

  I read aloud at his request.

  "Early this morning keepers at the private zoo
maintained by Winthrop Karmany, well known re-
tired Wall Street operator, at his palatial estate
near Raritan, were aroused by a disturbance among
the animals. Karmany is said to have the finest, as
well as what is probably the largest, collection of
Siberian white wolves in captivity, and it was
among these beasts the disturbance occurred.

  "John Noles, 45, and Edgar Black, 30, care-
takers on the Karmany estate, hastily left their
quarters to ascertain the cause of the noise which
they heard coming from the wolves’ dens about
3:30 a.m. Rumming through the dark to the dens,
they were in time to see what they took to be a
man enveloped in a long, Hark cloak, running at
great speed toward the brick v-all surrounding the
animals’ enclosure. They also noticed several
wolves in hot pursuit of the intruder. Both de-
clare that though the wolves had been howling
and baying noisily a few minutes before, they ran
without so much as a growl as they pursued the
mysterious visitor.

  "Arriving at the den the men were amazed to
find the cage doors swinging open, their heavy
locks evidently forced with a crowbar, and all but
three of the savage animals at large.

  "The strange intruder, with the wolves in close
pursuit, was seen by Noles and Black to vault the
surrounding wall, but all had disappeared in the
darkness when the keepers reached the barrier;
Citizens in the vicinity of the Karmany estate are
warned to be on the lookout for the beasts, for
though they had been in confinement several years
and consequently have lost much of their native
savagery, it is feared that unless they are speedily
recaptured or voluntarily find their way back to
their dens, they may revert to their original ferocity
when they become hungry. Livestock may suffer
from their depredations, and if they keep together
and hunt in a pack even human beings are in dan-
ger, for all the beasts are unusually large and would
make dangerous antagonists.

  “This morning at daylight a posse of farmers,
headed by members of the state constabulary, was
combing the woods and fields in search of the
missing animals, but though every spot where
wolves might be likely to congregate was visited,
no trace of them was found. No one can be found
who admits seeing any sign of the runaway wolvesr
nor have any losses of domestic animals been re-
ported to the authorities.

  "The manner in which the wolf pack seems to
have vanished completely, as well as the identity
of the man in black seen by the two keepers, and
the reason which may have actuated him in visit-
ing the Karmany menagerie are puzzling both the
keepers and authorities. It has been intimated that
the breaking of the cages may have been the vagary
of a disordered mind. Certain insane persons have
an almost uncontrollable aversion to the sight of
caged animals, and it is suggested an escaped luna-
tic may have blundered into the Karmany zoo as
he fled from confinement. If this is so it is quite
812

WEIRD TALES

possible that, seeing the confined beasts, he was
suddenly seized with an insane desire to liberate
them, and consequently forced the locks of their
cages. The released animals seem to have been
ungrateful, however, for both Noles and Black de-
clare the mysterious man was obviously running
for his life while the wolves pursued him in silent
and ferocious determination. However, since no
trace of the body has been found, nor any report
of a man badly mauled by wolves made in the
locality, it is supposed the unidentified man man-
aged to escape. Meanwhile, the whereabouts of
the wolf pack is causing much concern about the
countryside.

   "Karmany is at present occupying his southern
place at Winter Haven, Fla., and all attempts to
reach him have been unsuccessful at the time this
issue goes to press.”

  "H’m; it’s possible,” I murmured as I
put the paper down.

  “Absolutely,” Ingraham agreed.

  “Of course; certainly,” Renouard con-
curred.

  "Undoubtlessly,” de Grandin nodded,
then, abruptly:

  “What is?”

 “Why—er—a lunatic might have
done it,” I returned. “Cases of zo-
ophilia---”

  “And of zoofiddlesticks!” the little
Frenchman interrupted. “This was no
insanatic’s vagary, my friends; this busi-
ness was well planned beforehand, though
why it should be so we can not say.
Still-”

‘*T don't care \( he is at breakfast, I’ve

  A got to see him!” a hysterically shrill
voice came stridently from the hallway,
and John Davisson strode into the
breakfast room, pushing the protesting
Nora McGinnis from his path. “Doctor
de Grandin—Doctor Trowbridge—she’s
gone!” he sobbed as he half fell across the
threshold.

  "Mon Dieu, so soon?” de Grandin
cried. "How was it, mon pauvre?”

  Davisson stared glassy-eyed from one of
us to the other, his face working spasmod-
ically, his hands clenched till it seemed
the bones must surely crush.

  "He stole her—he and his damned

wolves!”

  “Wolves? I say!” barked Ingraham.

  "Grand Dieu—wolves!” Renouard ex-
claimed.

  "A-a-ah—wolves? I begin to see the
outlines of the scheme,” de Grandin an-
swered calmly. "I might have feared as
much.

  "Begin at the beginning, if you please,
Monsieur, and tell us everything that hap-
pened. Do not leave out an incident,
however trivial it may seem; in cases such
as this there are no trifles. Begin, com-
mence; we listen.”

  Young Davisson exhaled a deep, half-
sobbing breath and turned his pale face
from de Grandin to Renouard, then back
again.

  "We—Alice and I—went riding this
morning as we always do,” he answered.
"The horses were brought round at half-
past six, and we rode out the Albemarle
Pike toward Boonesburg. We must have
gone about ten miles when we turned off
the highway into a dirt road. It’s easier
on the horses, and the riders, too, you
know.

  "We’d ridden on a mile or so, through
quite a grove of pines, when it began to
snow and the wind rose so sharply it cut
through our jackets as if they had been
summer-weight. I’d just turned round to
lead the way to town when I heard Alice
scream. She’d ridden fifty feet or so
ahead of me, so she was that much behind
when we turned.

  "I wheeled my horse around, and there,
converging on her from both sides of the
road, were half a dozen great white
wolves!

   "I couldn’t believe my eyes at first. The
brutes were larger than any I’d ever seen,
and though they didn’t growl or make the
slightest sound, I could see their awful
purpose in their gleaming eyes and flash*
THE DEVIL’S BRIDE

813

ing fangs. They hemmed my poor girl
in on every side, and as I turned to ride
to her, they gathered closer, crouching
till their bellies almost touched the
ground, and seemed to stop abruptly,
frozen, waiting for some signal from the
leader of the pack.

  "I drove the spurs into my mare and
laid the whip on her with all my might,
but she balked and shied and reared, and
all my urging couldn’t force her on a
foot.

  "Then, apparently from nowhere, two
more white beasts came charging through
the woods and leaped at my mount’s
head. The poor brute gave a screaming
whinny and bolted.

  "I tugged at the bridle and sawed at
her mouth, but I might have been a baby
for all effect my efforts had. Twice I
tried to roll out of the saddle, but she
was fairly flying, and try as I would I
didn’t seem able to disengage myself.
We’d reached the Pike and traveled half
a mile or so toward town before I finally
brought her to a halt.

  "Then I turned back, but at the en-
trance to the lane she balked again, and
nothing I could do would make her leave
the highway. I dismounted and hurried
down the lane on foot, but it was snowing
pretty hard by then, and I couldn’t even
be sure when I’d reached the place where
Alice was attacked. At any rate, I
couldn’t find a trace of her or of her
horse.”

  He paused a moment breathlessly, and
de Grandin prompted softly: "And this
'he’ to whom you referred when you first
came in, Monsieur?”

  "Grigor Bazarov!” the young man an-
swered, and his features quivered in a
nervous tic. "I recognized him instantly!

  "As I rushed down that lane at break-
neck speed on my ungovernable horse I
saw—distinctly, gentlemen—a human fig-

ure standing back among the pines. It
was Grigor Bazarov, and he stood between
the trees, waving his hands like a conduc-
tor leading an orchestra. Without a spo-
ken syllable he was directing that pack of
wolves. He set them after Alice and or-
dered them to stop when they’d surround-
ed her. He set them on me, and made
them leap at my horse’s head without
actually fleshing their teeth in her and
without attempting to drag me from the
saddle—which they could easily have
done. Then, when he’d worked his plan
and made my mare bdt, he called them
back into the woods. It was Alice he was
after, and he took her as easily as a shep-
herd cuts a wether from the flock with
trained sheep-dogs!”

  "How is this?” de Grandin questioned
sharply. "You say it was Grigor Bazarov,
How could you tell? You never saw
him.”

  "No, but I’ve heard you tell of him,
and Alice had described him, too. I rec-
ognized those great, sad eyes of his, and
his mummy-wrinkled face. I tell you——

  "But Bazarov is dead,” I interrupted*
"We saw him die last week—all of us*
They electrocuted him in the penitentiary]
at Trenton, and-”

  "And while he was all safely lodged in;
jail he broke into this house and all but
made away with Mademoiselle Alice,” da
Grandin cut in sharply. "You saw hint
with your own two eyes, my Trowbridge*
So did Renouard and Monsieur Hiji*
Again, while still in jail he murdered the
poor Hornsby, and all but killed the good
Costello. The evidence is undisputed,
and-”

  "I know, but he’s dead, now!” I in-
sisted.

  "There is a way to tell,” de Granditf
answered. "Come, let us go.”

  "Go? Where?”

  "To the cemetery, of course. I would
814

WEIRD TALES

look in the grave of this one who can be
in jail and in your house at the same time,
and kill a gendarme in the street while
safely under lock and key. Come, we
waste our time, my friends.”

  We drove to the county court house,
and de Grandin was closeted with Re-
corder Glassford in his chambers a few
minutes. ”Tres bon,” he told us as he re-
appeared. "I have the order for the ex-
humation. Let us make haste.”

The early morning snow had stopped,
but a thin veneer of leaden clouds
obscured the sky, and the winter sun
shone through them with a pale, half-
hearted glow as we wheeled along the
highway toward the graveyard. Only
people of the poorer class buried their
dead in Willow Hills; only funeral direc-
tors of the less exclusive sort sold lots or
grave-space there. Bazarov’s unmarked
grave was in the least expensive section of
the poverty-stricken burying-ground, one
short step higher than the Potter’s Field.

  The superintendent and two overalled
workmen waited at the graveside, for de
Grandin had telephoned the cemetery
office as soon as he obtained the order for
the exhumation. Glancing perfunctorily at
the little Frenchman’s papers, the superin-
tendent nodded to the Polish laborers.
“Git goin’,*’ he commanded tersely, "an'
make it snappy.”

   It was dismal work watching them heave
lumps of frosty clay from the grave. The
earth was frozen almost stony-hard, and
the picks struck on it with a hard, metallic
sound. At length, however, the dull,
reverberant thud of steel on wood warned
us that the task was drawing to a close.
A pair of strong web straps were lowered,
made fast to the rough box enclosing the
casket, and at a word from the superin-
tendent the men strained at the thongs,
dragging their weird burden to the sur-

face. A pair of pick-handles were laid
across the open grave and the rough box
rested on them. Callously, as one who
does such duties every day, the superin-
tendent wrenched the box-lid off, and the
laborers laid it by the grave. Inside lay
the casket, a cheap affair of chestnut cov-
ered with shoddy broadcloth, the tinny,
imitation-silver nameplate on its lid al-
ready showing a dull, brown-blue discol-
oration.

  SnapI The fastenings which secured
the casket lid were thrown back; the super-
intendent lifted the panel and tossed it to
the frozen ground.

  Head resting on the sateen rayon pil-
low, hands folded on his breast, Grigor
Bazarov lay before us and gave us stare
for stare. The mortuarian who attended
him had lacked the skill or inclination to
do a thorough job, and despite the intense
cold of the weather putrefaction had made
progress. The dead man’s mouth was
slightly open, a quarter-inch or so of
purple, blood-gorged tongue protruding
from his lips as though in low derision;
the lids were partly raised from his great
eyes, and though these had the sightless
glaze of death, it seemed to me some
subtle mockery lay in them.

   I shuddered at the sight despite myself,
but I could not forbear the gibe: "Well,
is he dead?” I asked de Grandin.

  "Comme un mouton,” he answered, in
nowise disconcerted.

   "Restore him to his bed, if you will be
so good, Monsieur,” he added to the su-
perintendent, "and should you care to

smoke--” A flash of green showed

momentarily as a treasury note changed
hands, and the cemetery overseer grinned.

  "Thanks,” he acknowledged. "Next
time you want to look at one of ’em, don’t
forget we’re always willing to oblige.”

  "Yes, he is dead,” the Frenchman mur-
mured thoughtfully as we walked slowly
THE DEVIL'S BRIDE

815

teward the cemetery gate, "dead like a

herring, yet-”

  "Dead or not,” John Davisson broke
in, and his words were syncopated by the
chattering of his teeth, "dead or not, sir,
the man we just saw in that coffin was the
man I saw beside the lane this morning.
No one could fail to recognize that face!”

21.	White Horror

ere's a special delivery letter for
Misther Davisson, come whilst yez
wuz out, sor,” Nora McGinnis announced
as we entered the house. "Will ye be
afther havin’ th’ tur-rkey or th’ roast fer
dinner tonight, an’ shall I make th’ salad
wid tomatoes or asparagus?”

  "Turkey, by all means, he is a noble
bird,” de Grandin answered for me, "and
tomatoes with the salad, if you please, ma
petite.”

  The big Irishwoman favored him with
an affectionate smile as she retired kitch-
enward, and young Davisson slit the en-
velope of the missive she had handed him.

  For a moment he perused it with wide-
set, unbelieving eyes, then handed it to
me, his features quivering once again
with nervous tic.

John, Darling:

   When you get this I shall be on my way to ful-
fil the destiny prepared for me from the beginning
of the world. Do not seek to follow me, nor think
of me, save as you might think kindly of one who
died, for 1 am dead to you. I have forever given
up all thought of marriage to you or any man, and
I release you from your engagement. Your ring
will be delivered to you, and that you may some
day put it on the finger of a girl who can return
the love you give is the hope of

Alice.

   ”1 can’t—1 won’t believe she means it!”
the young man cried. "Why, Alice and I
have known each other since we were
little kids; we’ve been in love since she

first put her hair up, and--”

  "Tiens, my friend,” de Grandin inter-
rupted as he gazed at the message, "have
you by chance spent some time out in the
country?”

  "Eh?” answered Davisson, amazed at
the irrelevant question.

  "Your hearing is quite excellent, I
think. Will you not answer me?”

  "Why—er—yes, of course, I’ve been in
the country—I spent practically all my
summers on a farm when I was a lad,
but-”

  "Tres bon,” the little Frenchman
laughed. "Consider: Did not you see
the wicked Bazarov urge on his wolves
to take possession of your sweetheart? But
certainly. And did he not forbear to
harm you, being satisfied to drive you
from the scene while he kidnapped Ma-
demoiselle Alice? Of course. And could
he not easily have had his wolf-pack drag
you from your horse and slay you? You
have said as much yourself. Very well,
then; recall your rural recollections, if you
will:

  "You have observed the farmer as he
takes his cattle to the butcher. Does he
take the trouble to place his cow in lead-
ing strings? By no means. He puts the
little, so weak calf, all destined to be veal
upon the table in a little while, into a
wagon, and drives away to market. And
she, the poor, distracted mother-beast, she
trots along behind, asking nothing but to
keep her little baby-calf in sight. Lead
her? Parbleu, ropes of iron could not
drag her from behind the tumbril in
which her offspring rides to execution!
Is it not likely so in this case also? I damn
think yes.

  ’ 'This never-to-be-sufficiently-anathema-
tized stealer of women holds poor Ma-
demoiselle Alice in his clutch. He spares
her fiance. Perhaps he spares him only as
the cruel, playful pussy-cat forbears to
kill the mouse outright; at any rate, he
spares him. For why? Pardieu, because
by leaving Monsieur Jean free he still al-
lows poor Mademoiselle Alice one little,
tiny ray of hope; with such vile subtlety
816

WEIRD TALES

as only his base wickedness can plan, he
holds her back from black despair and
suicide that he may force her to his will
by threats against the man she loves.
Sucre nom d’un artichaut, I shall say yes!
Certainly, of course.”

  "You mean—he’ll make her go with
him—leave me—by threats against my
life?” young Davisson faltered.

  "Precisement, mon vieux. He has no
need to drug her now with scopolamin
apomophia; he holds her in a stronger
thrall. Yes, it is entirely likely.”

  He folded the girl’s note between his
slim, white hands, regarding it idly for a
moment; then, excitedly:

  "Tell me, Monsieur Jean, did Ma-
demoiselle Alice, by any chance, know
something of telegraphy?”

  "Eh? Why, yes. When we were kids
we had a craze for it—had wires strung
between our houses with senders and re-
ceivers at each end, and used to rouse each
other at all sorts of hours to tap a mes-
sage-”

   "Hourra, the Evil One is circumvented!
Regardez-vous.”

  Holding the letter to the study desk-
lamp, he tapped its bottom margin with
his finger. Invisible except against the
light, a series of light scratches, as though
from a pin-poinf or dry pen, showed on
the paper:

■» 11 t • • ■ ■ ■1 • • i«0 1 ■ ■■■ i • • ■ 1 i ■«

  "You can read him?” he asked anxious-
ly. "Me, I understand the international,

but this is in American Morse, and-’’

  "Of course I can,” young Davisson
broke in. " 'Jones’ Mill,’ it says. Good
Lord, why didn’t I think of that?”

  "Ah? And this mill of Monsieur

Jones-”

  "Is an old ruin several miles from
Boonesburg. No one’s occupied it since
I can remember, but it can’t be more than

three miles from the place where we met

the wolves, and-”

  "Eh bien, if that be so, why do we sit
here like five sculptured figures on the
Arc de Triomphe? Come, let us go at
once, my friends. Trowbridge, Renouard,
Friend Hiji, and you, Friend Jean, pre-
pare yourselves for service in the cold.
Me, I shall telephone the good Costello
for the necessary implements.

  "Oui-da, Messieurs les Loups, I think
that we shall give you the party of sur-
prize—we shall feed you that which will
make your bellies ache most villainously!”

IT was something like a half-hour later
when the police car halted at the door.
"It’s kind o’ irreg’lar, sor,” Sergeant Cos-
tello announced as he lugged several heavy
satchels up the steps with the aid of two
patrolmen, "but I got permission fer th’
loan. Seems like you got a good stand-in
down to headquarters.”

  The valises opened, he drew forth three
submachine guns, each with an extra
drum of cartridges, and two riot guns,
weapons similar to the automatic shot-
gun, but heavier in construction and firing
shells loaded with much heavier shot.

  "You and Friend Jean will use the
shotguns, Friend Trowbridge, ” de Gran-
din told me. "Renouard, Ingraham and
I will handle the quick-firers. Come, pre-
pare yourselves at once. Heavy clothing,
but no long coats; we shall need leg-room
before the evening ends.”

  I	fished a set of ancient hunting-togs
out of my wardrobe—thick trousers of
stout corduroy, a pair of high lace boots,
a heavy sweater and suede jerkin, finally
a leather cap with folds that buckled un-
derneath the chin. A few minutes’ search
unearthed another set for Davison, and
we joined the others in the hallway. De
Grandin was resplendent in a leather avia-
tion suit; Renouard had slipped three
sweaters on above his waistcoat and bound

                    W. T— 6
THE DEVIL’S BRIDE

817

the bottoms of his trousers tight about his
ankles with stout linen twine; Ingraham
was arrayed in a suit of corduroys which
had seen much better days, though not
recently.

   "Are we prepared?” de Grandin asked.
"Tres bon. Let us go.”

   The bitter cold of the afternoon had
given way to slightly warmer weather, but
before we had traversed half a mile the
big, full, yellow moon was totally ob-
scured by douds, and shortly afterward
the air was filled with flying snowflakes
and tiny, cutting grains of hail which rat-
tled on the windshield and stung like
whips when they blew into our faces.

   About three-quarters of a mile from the
old mill I had to stop my motor, for the
road was heavy with new-fallen snow and
several ancient trees had blown across the
trail, making further progress impossible.

   "Eh b 'ten, it must be on foot from now
on, it seems,” de Grandin murmured as he
clambered from the car. "Very well; one
consents when one must. Let us go;
there is no time to lose.”

The road wound on, growing narrow-
er and more uneven with each step.
Thick ranks of waving, black-boughed
pines marched right to the border of the
trail on either side, and through their
swaying limbs the storm-wind soughed
eerily, while the very air seemed colder
with a sharper, harder chill, and the wan
and ghastly light which sometimes shines
on moonless, snow-filled winter nights,
seemed filled with creeping, shifting
phantom-shapes which stalked us as a
wolf-pack stalks a stag.

   "Morbleu, I do not like this place, me,”
Renouard declared. "It has an evil smell.”
"I think so, too, mon vieux,” de Gran-
din answered. "Three times already I
have all but fired at nothing. My nerves
are not so steady as I thought.”

  "Oh, keep your tails up,” Ingraham
     W. T.—7

comforted. "It's creepy as a Scottish fu-
neral here, but I don’t see anything-”

  "Ha, do you say it? Then look yonder,
if you will, and tell me what it is you do
not see, my friend,” de Grandin inter-
rupted.

  Loping silently across the snow, them-
selves a mere shade darker than the fleecy
covering of the ground, came a pack of
great, white wolves, green-yellow eyes
a-glint with savagery, red tongues lolling
from their mouths as they drew nearer
through the pines, then suddenly deployed
like soldiers at command, and, their cor-
don formed, sank to the snow and sat
there motionless.

  "Cher Dieu,” Renouard said softly.
"It is the pack of beasts which made away
with Mademoiselle Alice, and-”

  A movement stirred within the pack.
A brute rose from its haunches, took a
tentative step forward, then sank down
again, belly to the snow, and lay there
panting, its glaring eyes fixed hungrily
upon us.

  And as the leader moved, so moved the
pack. A score of wolves were three feet
nearer us, for every member of the deadly
circle had advanced in concert with the
leader.

  I	stole a quick glance at de Grandin.
His little, round blue eyes were glaring
fiercely as those of any of the wolves; be-
neath his little blond mustache his lips
were drawn back savagely, showing his
small, white, even teeth in a snarl of hate
and fury.

  Another rippling movement in the
wolf-pack, and now the silence crashed,
and from the circle there went up such
pandemonium of hellish howls as I had
never heard; not even in the worst of
nightmares. I had a momentary vision of
red mouths and gleaming teeth and shag-
gy, gray-white fur advancing toward me
in a whirlwind rush, then:
818

WEIRD TALES

  "Give fire!” de Grandin shouted.

  And now the wolf-pack’s savage battle-
cry was drowned out by another roar as
de Grandin, Ingraham and Renouard,
back touching back, turned loose the ven-
om of their submachine guns. Young
Davisson and I, too, opened fire with our
shotguns, not taking aim, but pumping
the mechanisms frenziedly and firing
point-blank into the faces of the charging
wolves.

  How long the battle lasted I have no
idea, but I remember that at last I felt de
Grandin’s hand upon my arm and heard
him shouting in my ear: "Cease firing,
Friend Trowbridge; there is no longer
anything to shoot. Parbleu, if wolves
have souls, I damn think hell is full with
them tonight!”

22.	The Crimson Clue

He turned abruptly to Renouard:
"Allez au feu, mort brave," he cried,
"pour la patrie!”

  We charged across the intervening
patch of snow-filled clearing, and more
than once de Grandin or Renouard or In-
graham paused in his stride to spray the
windows of the tumbledown old house
with a stream of lead. But not a shot re-
plied, nor was there any sign of life as we
approached the doorless doorway.

  "Easy on,” Ingraham counseled. "They
may be lyin’ doggo, waitin’ for a

chance-”

  "But no,” de Grandin interrupted.
"Had that been so, they surely would not
have missed the chance to shoot us to
death a moment ago—we were a perfectly
defined target against the snow, and they
had the advantage of cover. Still, a milli-
gram of caution is worth a double quin-
tal of remorse; so let us step warily.

  "Renouard and I will take the lead.
Friend Trowbridge, you and Friend Jean
walk behind us and flash your search-

  lights forward, and well above our heads.
That way, if we are ambushed, they will
shoot high and give us opportunity to re-
turn their fire. Friend Hiji, do you bring
up the rear and keep your eyes upon the
ground which we have traversed. Should
you see aught which looks suspicious,
shoot first and make investigation after-
ward. I do not wish that we should die
tonight.”

  Accordingly, in this close formation,
we searched the old house from its musty
cellar to its drafty attic, but nowhere was
there any hint of life or recent occupancy
until, as we forced back the sagging door
which barred the entrance to the old grain-
bins, we noted the faint, half-tangible
aroma of narcisse noir.

  "Alice!” John Davisson exclaimed.
"She’s been here—I recognize the scent!”

  "U’m?” de Grandin murmured thought-
fully. "Advance your light a trifle nearer,
if you please, Friend Trowbridge.”

  I	played the flashlight on the age-
bleached casing of the door. There, fresh
against the wood’s flat surface were three
small pits, arranged triangularly. A sec-
ond group of holes, similarly spaced,
were in the hand-hewn planking of the
door, exactly opposite those which scarred
the jamb.

  "Screw-holes,” de Grandin commented,
"and on the outer side. You were cor-
rect, Friend Jean; your nose and heart
spoke truly. This place has been the pris-
on of your love—here are the marks
where they made fast the lock and hasp
to hold her prisoner—but helas, the bird
is flown; the cage deserted.”

  Painstakingly as a paleographer might
scan a palimpsest, he searched the little,
wood-walled cubicle, flashing his search-
light’s darting ray on each square inch of
aged planking. "Ah-ha?” he asked of no
one in particular as the flashlight struck
into a corner, revealing several tiny
smears of scarlet on the floor.
THE DEVIL’S BRIDE

819

  "Morbleu! Blood?” Renouard ex-
claimed. "Can it be that-”

  De Grandin threw himself full length
upon the floor, his little, round blue eyes
a scant three inches from the row of crim-
son stains. "Blood? Non!” he answered
as he finished his examination. "It is the
mark of pomade pour les levres, and un-
less I do mistake-”

  "You mean lipstick?" I interrupted.

"What in the world-”

  "Zut!” he cut me short. "You speak
too much, my friend.” To Davisson:
"See here, Friend Jean, is not some sys-
tem of design in this? Is it not-”

  "Of course it is!” the young man an-
swered sharply. "It’s another telegraphic
message, like the one she sent us in the
letter. Can’t you see? 'Dash, dash; dot,
dash; dot, dot, dot; dot, dash; dash,

dot-’ He read the code through

quickly.

  De Grandin looked at him with up-
raised brows. ''Exactement,” he nodded,

"and that means-”

  "M-a-c-a-n-d-r-e-w-s s-i-e-” Davis-
son spelled the message out, then paused,
shook his head in puzzlement, and once
again essayed the task.

  "I can’t get any sense from it,” he fin-
ally confessed. "That’s what it spells, no

doubt of it, but what the devil-”

  "I say, old chap, go over it once more,”
asked Ingraham. "I may be blotto,
but-”

  Crash! The thunderous detonation
shook the floor beneath us and a heavy
beam came hurtling from the ceiling, fol-
lowed by a cataract of splintered planks
and rubble.

  Crash! A second fulmination smashed
the wooden wall upon our right and a
mass of shattered brick and timber poured
into the room.

  "Bombes d’air!” Renouard cried wild-
ly. "Down—down, my friends; it is the
only way to-” His warning ended in

a choking grunt as a third explosion ripped
the cover off our hiding-place and a
blinding pompom of live flame flashed in

our eyes.

  I felt myself hurled bodily against the
farther wall, felt the crushing impact as
I struck the mortised planks, and then I
felt no more.

rowbridge, my friend, my good,
brave comrade; do you survive,
have you been killed to death? Mordieu,
say that you live, my old one!” I heard de
Grandin’s voice calling, from immeasur-
able distance, and slowly realized he held
my head upon his shoulder while with
frantic hands he rubbed snow on my brow.

  "Oh, I’m all right, I guess,” I answered
weakly, then sank again in comforting
oblivion.

  When next I struggled back to con-
sciousness, I found myself on my own
surgery table, de Grandin busy with a
phial of smelling-salts, a glass of aromatic
spirit on the table, and a half-filled tum-
bler of cognac next to it. "Thanks be to
God you are yourself once more!” he ex-
claimed fervently, handed me the water
and ammonia and drained the brandy
glass himself. "Pardieu, my friend, I
thought that we should surely lose you!”
he continued as he helped me to a chair.

  "You had a close squeak, no doubt of
it,” Ingraham agreed.

  "What happened?” I demanded weakly.

  De Grandin fairly ground his teeth in
rage. "They made a foolishness of us,”
he told me. "While we were busy with
their sacre wolves they must have been
escaping, and the thunder of our guns
drowned out the whirring of their motors.
Then, when we were all safe and helpless
in the house, they circled back and
dropped the hand grenades upon us.
Luckily for us they had no aerial torpe-
does, or we should now be practising
820

WEIRD TALES

upon the harp. As it is-” he raised

his shoulders in a shrug.

  "B—but, you mean they had a plane?”
I asked, amazed.

  "Ha, I shall say as much!” he answered.
"Nor did they stop to say a 'by-your-leave’
when they obtained it. This very night,
an hour or so before we journeyed to that
thirty-thousand-times-accursed mill of
Monsieur Jones, two men descended sud-
denly upon the hangars at New Bristol.
A splendid new amphibian lay in the bay,
all ready to be drawn into her shed. The
people at the airport are much surprized
to see her suddenly take flight, but—avi-
ators are all crazy, else they would remain
on land, and who shall say what form
their latest madness takes? It was some
little time before the truth was learned.
Then it was too late.

  "Stretched cold upon the runway of
the hangar they found the pilot and his
mechanician. Both were shot dead, yet
not a shot was heard. The miscreants had
used silencers upon their guns, no doubt.

   "Tiens, at any rate, they had not stopped
at murder, and they had made off with the
plane, had landed it upon the frozen mill-
pond, then sailed away, almost—but not
quite, thank God!—leaving us as dead as
we had left their guardian wolves.”

  "Helas, and we shall never overtake
them!” Renouard said mournfully. "It is
too obvious. They chose the amphibian
plane that they might put to sea and be
picked up by some ship which waited;
and where they may be gone we can not
say. There is no way of telling, for-”

  "Hold hard, old thing; I think perhaps
there is!” the Englishman broke in.
"When Trowbridge toppled over it
knocked the thought out of my head, but
I’ve an idea we may trace ’em. I’ll pop
off to the cable office and send a little
tracer out. We ought to get some solid
information by tomorrow.”

We were still at breakfast the next
morning when the young man from
the cable office came. "Mr. In-gra-ham
here?” he asked.

  "Don’t say it like that, young feller, me
lad, it’s Ingraham—'In’ as in 'inside,’ and
'graham’ as in biscuit, you know,” re-
turned the Englishman with a grin as he
held out his hand for the message.

  Hastily he read it to himself, then aloud
to us:

   No strangers seeking access to the bush through
here but French report a hundred turned back from
Konakri stop unprecedented number of arrivals at
Monrovia stop investigation under way

                         Symmes

                                     Supt

  "Tres bon,” de Grandin nodded. "Now,
if you will have the goodness to trans-
late-” he paused with brows raised

interrogatively.

  "Nothin' simpler, old thing,” the Eng-
lishman responded. "You see, it was like
this:

  " ’Way up in the back country of Sierra
Leone, so near the boundary line of
French Guinea that the French think it’s
British territory and the British think it’s
French, an old goop named MacAndrews
got permission to go diggin’ some twenty
years ago. He was a dour old Scotsman,
mad as a dingo dog, they say, but a first-
rate archeologist. There were some old
Roman ruins near the border, and this
Johnny had the idea he’d turn up some-
thing never in the books if he kept at it
long enough. So he built a pukka camp
and settled down to clear the jungle off;
but fever beat his schedule and they
planted the old cove in one of his own
trenches.

  "That ended old Mac’s diggin’, but his
camp’s still there. I passed it less than
five years ago, and stopped there over-
night. The natives say the old man’s
ghost hangs around the place, and shun it
like the plague—haven’t even stolen any-
thing.”
THE DEVIL’S BRIDE

821

  "Ah?” de - Grandin murmured.
"And-”

  "Oh, quite, old dear. A big 'and.’
That’s what got the massive intellect to
workin’, don’t you know. There’s a big
natural clearin’ near MacAndrews’ and a
pretty fair-sized river. The place is so
far inland nobody ever goes there unless
he has to, and news—white man’s news,
I mean—is blessed slow gettin’ to the
coast. Could anything be sweeter for our
Russian friends’ jamboree?

  "Irak is under British rule today, and
any nonsense in that neighborhood would
bring the police sniffin’ round. The
Frenchmen in Arabia don’t stand much
foolishness, so any convocation of the
Devil-Worshippers is vetoed in advance
so far as that locality’s concerned. But
what about MacAndrews’? They could
plant and harvest the finest crop of merry
young hell you ever saw out there and no
one be the wiser. But they’ve got to get
there. That’s the blighted difficulty, me
lad. Look here-”

  He drew a pencil and notebook from
his pocket and blocked out a rough map:
"Here’s Sierra Leone; here’s French
Guinea; here’s Liberia. Get it? Our
people in Freetown have to be con-
vinced there’s some good reason why be-
fore they’ll pass a stranger to the bush
country; so do the French. But Liberia
—any man, black, white, yellow or mixed,
who lands there with real money in his
hand can get unlimited concessions to go
hunting in the back country, and no ques-
tions asked.

  "There you are, old bean. When Da-
visson decoded that message on the floor
last night it hit me like a brick. The gal
had told us where she was in the letter;
now, she takes a chance we’ll go to Jones’
Mill and starts to write a message on the
floor. They’ve talked before her, and she
takes her lipstick and starts to write her

destination down—'MacAndrews, Sierra
Leone’—but only gets 'MacAndrews’ and
the first three letters of 'Sierra’ down
when they come for her and she has to
stop. That’s the way I’ve figured it—it’s
great to have a brain like mine!

  "Now, if they’ve really picked MacAn-
drews’ old camp for their party, there’ll
be a gatherin’ of the clans out there. And
the visitors will have to come overland,
or enter through Freetown, one of the
French ports or Liberia. That’s reasonin',
old top.

  "So I cabled Freetown to see if any
one’s been tryin’ to bootleg himself
through the lines, or if there’d been much
sudden immigration through the French
ports. You haVe the answer. All these
coves will have to do is strike cross-coun-
try through the bush and-”

  "And we shall apprehend them!” Ren-
ouard exclaimed delightedly.

  "Right-o, dear sir and fellow police-
man,” the Englishman returned. "I’m
bookin’ passage for West Africa this
mornin’, and-”

  "Book two,” Renouard cut in. "This
excavation of Monsiur MacAndrews, it is
near the border; me, I shall be present
with a company of Senegalese gendarmes
and-”

  "And with me, par dieu! Am I to have
no pleasure?” broke in Jules de Grandin.

  "Me, too,” John Davisson asserted.
"If they’ve got Alice, I must be there,
too.”

  "You might as well book passage for
five,” I finished. "I’ve been with you so
far, and I’d like to see the finish of this
business. Besides, I owe ’em something
for that bomb they dropped on me last
night.”

   This story rises to a breath-taking climax in the
thrilling chapters that bring the tale to an end in next
month’s issue. Don’t miss the superb conclusion of this
remarkable story in the July WEIRD TALES, on sale
June 1st.
Vhe

^vhoul Gallery

By HUGH B. CAVE

The story of an eldritch horror that leaped out of the
black night

IET me convince you, first, that the
young man who came to my medi-
cal offices that night was not the
type of man who gives way, without
reason, to abject fear.

  Yet when I stepped into my outer
office and saw him slumped on the divan,
I knew that he was in the throes of mor-
tal terror. His face was ghastly white,
made hideous by the mop of jet hair that
crawled into his eyes. He raised his head
sluggishly and glared at me like a
trapped animal.

  I nodded quietly to the girl who stood
beside him. She stepped past me into
the inner office, and I drew the door shut
silently.

  I had known this girl for years. For
that matter, all London knew her, as a
charming, lovely member of the upper
set, a sportswoman, and a distinguished
lady of one of England’s famous old
families. She was Lady Sybil Ravenal.

  Tonight, half an hour ago, she had
telephoned me, seeking permission to
bring a patient—a patient very dear to
her—to my suite. Now she stood before
me, her hand resting on my arm, and
said suddenly:

  "You’ve got to help him, Doctor
Briggs! He—he is going mad!”

  "Suppose you tell me,” I suggested
softly, "what he is afraid of.”

  "I can’t, Doctor. There is the family
name to consider. He—he is Sir Edward
Ramsey.”

  I started. That name, too, was well
known to me and to the rest of London.

     822

Sir Edward Ramsey, the favorite play-
boy of the upper strata, noted sportsman,
adventurer. I could not believe that such
a man would be sitting in my offices,
dragged into the depths of fear.

"You must tell me the cause,” I said
kindly. "Otherwise I can do nothing.”
The girl’s lips tightened defiantly.
"When a man comes to you with a
broken leg,” she said, "you don’t ask him
where he got it. Please!”

  "A fractured leg is a physical malady.
His is mental.”

  "But he comes to you in the same ca-
pacity, Doctor. You must help him!”

  "I can only give you the usual advice,”
I shrugged. "Since you refuse to divulge
the cause of his terror, I can only sug-
gest that he get away from it.”

  I could see, from the obvious twist of
her mouth, that she was keenly dis-
appointed. She would have argued with
me, perhaps pleaded with me, had not
the door opened suddenly behind her.

  I say "opened.” In reality it was flung
back savagely. Young Ramsey stood on
the threshold, reeling, glowering at me
out of smoldering eyes. I did not know,
then, what made him intrude at that mo-
ment. I thought, foolishly, that he was
afraid of being left alone in the dimly
lighted outer office.

  He staggered forward blindly, grop-
ing toward me.

  "The thing!” he cried. His voice was
high-pitched and nasal. "By God, it’s
following me! It’s—it’s-”
THE GHOUL GALLERY

823

"In the space where that gleaming skeleton had
hung before, a mad thing leered out at me."

*. W '/
Wlc^60

  I stared at him in bewilderment.
There was no sound in my rooms at that
moment—no sound at all except the half-
inaudible humming of a machine in the
adjoining suite—an electro-therapeutic
machine used by my associate in the
treatment of leucocythemia and similar
afflictions.

  Yet the boy’s hands clawed at the
sleeve of my coat. He flung himself
against me muttering a jargon of words

that had no seeming intelligence. And
then, very suddenly, his twitching face
became fixed, staring, glaring at some-
thing beyond me. With a strangled sob
of abject horror, he stumbled back.

I was beside him in an instant, holding
his quivering body upright. As I
looked at him, his eyes were wide open
and rimmed with white, glued in mute
terror upon a small table which stood
824

WEIRD TALES

against the wall on the opposite side of
the room.

  The table was an insignificant one,
placed there merely for ornamental pur-
poses. I had covered it with a black
cloth and lined it, along the back, with a
small rack of medical volumes. In the
center of the black cloth, facing into the
room, I had set a human skull.

  The thing was neither fantastic nor
horrible, merely a very ordinary medical
head bleached white. In the shadows,
perhaps, the eyeless sockets and grinning
mouth, with its usual set of enameled
teeth, were a bit unconventional; but
certainly there was nothing to excite such
uncontrollable horror as gripped the man
in my arms.

  His eyes were full of sheer madness
as he stared at it. His lips had writhed
apart and were twitching spasmodically.
He clung to me with all his strength;
and at length, wrenching his gaze from
the thing on the table, he buried his head
in my arms and surrendered to the fear
which overwhelmed him.

  "Be merciful, Briggs!” he moaned.
"For God’s sake, be merciful! Come with
me—stay with me for a day or two, be-
fore I go utterly mad!”

  There was no alternative. I could not
send a man away in such condition.
Neither could I keep him with me, for
my quarters were not fitted with addi-
tional rooms for mad patients.

  I forced him into a chair, where he
could not see the death’s-head on the
table. Leaving him with the girl who
had brought him, I hurriedly packed a
small overnight case and made ready for
an all-night siege of it. When I re-
turned, I found the boy slumped wearily
in the chair with his head in the girl’s
comforting arms.

  "Come,” I said quietly.

  He looked up at me. His bloodshot
eyes struggled to drag me into focus.

  "You—you are coming with me,
Briggs?” he asked slowly.

  “I am.”

  He pushed himself heavily out of the
chair. As he turned, his hand groped for
mine. He spoke with a great effort.

  "Thanks, Briggs. I’ll—try to get back
a little courage.”

That was my introduction to Sir
Edward Ramsey. The account of
our departure, and of our subsequent ar-
rival at Sir Edward’s huge town house,
is of little importance. During the en-
tire journey my two companions did not
utter a word. The boy seemed to have
shrunk into himself, to have fallen into
the lowest depths of fearful anticipation.
The girl sat stiff, rigid, staring straight
ahead of her.

  I remember one thing which struck me
as being more or less peculiar, in view of
the boy’s social position. No servant
opened the door to us. For that matter,
the boy made no attempt to summon one
by ringing the bell. Instead, he groped
into his pockets for his own door-key and
fumbled nervously with the lock. Turn-
ing his head sideways, he spoke to me
stiffly:

  "My man’s—deaf, Briggs. Damned
nuisance, but it’s the only reason he—
stays. The others cleared out long ago.”

  The door swung open. I followed Sir
Edward down the carpeted hall, with the
girl beside me. The boy was trembling
again, glancing about him furtively. I
was forced to take his arm and lead him
quietly into one of the massive rooms ad-
joining the corridor.

  There he sank into a chair and stared
up at me hopelessly. I realized that he
had not slept in many hours—that he was
on the verge of breakdown.

  Opening rny case, I administered an
opiate to deaden his nerves, although I
had little hope that it would have the
THE GHOUL GALLERY!

825

desired effect. The boy’s terror was too
acute, too intense. However, the drug
quieted him; he slept fitfully for the bet-
ter part of an hour; long enough for
Lady Sybil to draw me aside, motion me
to a chair, and tell me her story.

  She came directly to the point, softly
and deliberately. They were in love, she
and Ramsey. They were betrothed. Six
weeks ago his love had changed to fear.

   "At first he fought against it,” she said
evenly. "Then it took possession of him
—of his very soul. He—he released me
from my promise.”

  "Why?”

  "Because of the curse that hangs over
his family.”

  “And that is why you came to me
tonight?”

  "I came, Doctor,” she said fervently,
"because it was a last hope. I love him.
I can not give him up. He lives alone
here, except for a single servant who is
deaf. I have been with him every day
since this influence claimed him. At
night, of course, I can not be at his side
—and it is the night-time he fears!”
"And the cause of his fear?” I
prompted.

  "I—I can not tell you.”

  1 knew better than to demand an ex-
planation. Without a word I returned to
my patient. He was not sleeping, for
when I stood over him his eyes opened
and he stared at me wearily. I drew a
chair close to him and bent forward.

  “I want you to tell me,” I said simply,
"the entire story. Only under those con-
ditions can I help you. Do you under-
stand?”

  "That—is impossible.”

   "It’s necessary.”

  '*1—can’t do it, Briggs.”

  "In that case,” I shrugged, getting to
my feet, "I shall take you away from
here. At once!”

  "No, no, Briggs! You—you can’t!

The thing will—follow me. It trailed me

to your offices. It-”

  It was the girl who cut him short. She
stepped closer and took his hands firmly,
and looked straight at me.

  "He is under oath to say nothing,
Doctor,” she said evenly.

  "Under oath? To whom?”

  "His father, Sir Guy.”

  "Then, of course, I shall see Sir Guy at

  "He is—dead.”

  I stood silent, glancing from one to
the other. Suddenly jthe girl straightened
up and stood erect, her eyes blazing.

  "But I am not under oath!” she cried,
almost savagely. "I will tell you-”

  "By God, no!” The boy groped up,
his face livid.

  I understood, then, the courage in
Lady Sybil’s heart. Slim, lovely as she
was, she turned on him fiercely, forcing
him back into the chair.

  "I am going to tell him,” she said bit-
terly. "Do you hear? The oath does not
bind me. I am going to tell Doctor
Briggs all I know. It is the only way to
help you.”

  Then, without releasing him, she
turned her head toward me.

  "This house, Doctor,” she said, "is
very old and full of musty rooms and
corridors. It is made hideous by a terri-
fying sound that comes, always at night,
from the upper galleries. The sound is
inexplicable. It is a horrible note which
begins with an almost inaudible moan,
like the humming of an electric motor.
Then it increases in volume to the pitch
of a singsong voice, rising and falling
tremulously. Finally it becomes a
screaming wail, like a human soul in utter
torment.”

  She waited for my questions. I said
nothing. The boy had ceased his squirm-
ing and sat like a dead man, glaring at
me out of lifeless eyes.
826

WEIRD TALES

  "The galleries have been examined
many times,” Lady Sybil said quietly.
"Nothing has ever been discovered to
provide an explanation. Four times in
the past year the upper recesses of the
house have been wired for electric lights;
but the lights in that portion of the house
never work. No one knows why.”

"And that—that is all?” I murmured.
"I think that is all. Except—the his-
tory of the House of Ramsey. You will
find that in the library, Doctor. I will
remain here with Edward.”

   I hesitated. I did not think it vital, at
that moment, to go rummaging through
the library in pursuit of ancient lore. But
Lady Sybil looked quietly at me and said,
in an even voice:

  "The library is at the end of the main
corridor, Doctor. You will find the neces-
sary books in section twelve.”

I did not argue. There was no denying
that cool, methodical tone! Before I
left the room, however, I examined my
patient carefully, to be sure that I was
justified in leaving him. He had sunk
into complete apathy. His eyes remained
wide open, as if he feared to close them.
But the opiate had produced an effect of
semi-torpor, and I knew that he would
not soon become violent again. Thus I
turned away and paced silently to the
door.

  By a singular coincidence the door
opened as I reached it. On the threshold
I came face to face with the servant, a
ferret-faced fellow with deep-set, color-
less eyes, who peered at me suspiciously
as I went past him into the corridor.

  In this manner, after prowling down
the dimly illuminated passage, I came to
the library, and sought the particular sec-
tion which the girl had suggested. Sec-
tion twelve proved to be not in the main
library, but in a secluded recess leading
into the very farthest comer. The walls

before me were lined with long shelves
of books, symmetrically arranged. An
ancient daw-footed desk stood in the cen-
ter, and upon it a gargoyle reading-lamp
which I promptly turned on.

  The alcove had obviously been unused
for some time. A layer of dust hung over
it like a funeral shroud. Its musty vol-
umes were sealed with a film of dirt, ex-
cept—and this is what led me forward
eagerly—for a certain shelf which lay al-
most directly beneath the lamp. The
books on this particular shelf had been
recently removed, and had been thrown
back carelessly.

  I took one of the volumes to the desk
and bent over it. It contained, in some
detail, a history of the house in which I
stood, and a lengthy description of its
occupants since time immemorial. Allow
me to quote from it:

  "Sir Guy Ramsey. 1858-1903.” [Evi-
dently the father of my patient.] "Eton
and Cambridge.” [Here followed an ac-
count of an adventurous and courageous
life.] "In the year 1903, Sir Guy was
suddenly stricken with an inexplicable
fear of darkness. Despite all efforts to
discover the reason of his terror, no cause
was revealed, and Sir Guy refused to
divulge any. In September of the same
year, Sir Guy became utterly mad with
fear and spoke continually of a certain
'specter’ which had taken possession of
him. Physidans were unable to effect a
cure, and on the ninth day of the month
of September, Sir Guy was found in the
upper galleries, where he had, to all ap-
pearances, been strangled to death.

  "His own hands clutched his throat;
but upon his hands were certain marks
and bruises which revealed the imprint of
another set of fingers. In these imprints,
the thumb of the unknown murderer’s
left hand was singularly missing. No clue
has ever been discovered as to the identity
of the assailant,”
THE GHOUL GALLERY

827

  I closed the book slowly. Mechanical-
ly I opened a second of those significant
volumes, which proved to be an account
of the life and death of another of Sir
Edward’s forebears. From the dates, I
judged the gentleman to be Sir Edward’s
grandfather—the father of the man whose
fate I had just learned. His name, pecul-
iarly, was also Sir Edward.

  "On the twenty-seventh day of January,
in the year 1881, Sir Edward was sudden-
ly noticed to be prowling fearfully in the
upper galleries. From that time on he
was observed to be very much in the throes
of acute terror; but when accused of this,
Sir Edward refused to confide the nature
of his fear. On February first he was
found choked to death in the upper gal-
leries, his own hands twisted into his
throat and the imprint of another set of
hands, with the thumb of the left hand
missing, still evident on his dead wrists.

  "The murderer was not discovered.
For three years after Sir Edward’s death,
the galleries were closed and sealed, after
a careful inspection by the police. At the
end of that period they were again opened
by command of Sir Guy, son of the de-
ceased.”

  And there was one other passage—a
paragraph or two describing the sudden
death of some distinguished lady far back
in the archives. Her name, according to
the book before me, was Lady Carolyn.

  "A woman” [the script said] "imbued
with the same fearless courage which
marked the men of her blood. In the
final days of her life she lived alone in
the London house. She left a single part-
ing message, found after her death: 'I
am becoming insane. The specter has
ebbed my last bit of resistance. Madness
is, after all, a fitting death—much better
than eternal fear and horror.’

  "This note was found on the morning
of July third, 1792. Lady Carolyn was
murdered, strangled to death by unknown ■■

hands, on the night the note was written.
Her unfortunate body was discovered in
the galleries, her fingers still clutching
her dead throat, and the marks of other
fingers, with the thumb of the left hand
missing, imprinted on the back of her
hands and wrists. For three years fol-
lowing her death, every effort was ex-
pended to locate the fiend who had so
brutally destroyed her. The attempt was
without avail.”

  I make no effort to explain these quo-
tations. They are significant in them-
selves. As for the specter, I could find
no further mention of it. Page after page
I turned, hoping to discover some clue
which might lead to a solution. I found
nothing.

  I did, however, chance upon some-
thing of unusual interest, in the oldest of
the heavy volumes. It was an account of
a very ancient feud. The names men-
tioned were those of Sir Godfrey Ram-
sey (the date was in the century before
the French Revolution) and Sir Richard
Ravenal. The account gave mention of
several brutal killings and disappearances,
the majority of these executed by the
House of Ravenal. The cause of the feud
was not divulged.

  The hatred between the two families,
however, had come to an end with the
death of Sir Richard Ravenal, who was,
to quote the withered page before me,
"an artist of unusual genius. In the year
previous to his death, having formed a
truce with the House of Ramsey, he did
present to Sir Godfrey Ramsey one or
two paintings of great value, executed by
himself, as a token of eternal friendship.
These paintings have been carefully pre-
served.”

  I sought faithfully for an account of
the life of this same Sir Godfrey. Eventu-
ally I found it, and read the following:

  "Twelve years after the Houses of
Ramsey and Ravenal had formed the pact
828

WEIRD TALES

of peace, Sir Godfrey was suddenly strick-
en with an incomprehensible terror which
led to complete madness. He did call
his son, Sir James, to him and say the
following words: 'A curse has descended
upon the House of Ramsey. It is a curse
of horror, of torment. It is intended to
make gibbering idiots of the men who
bear the honored name of Ramsey. For
this reason I command you to an oath of
silence. The curse has taken possession
of me, and I shall die. When you are of
age, you, too, will be stricken by the spec-
ter. Swear to me that you will not reveal
the nature of the curse, lest your sons
and their sons after them live in mortal
fear.'

  "This oath was written into parchment
and preserved. On the second day fol-
lowing its execution, Sir Godfrey was
found lying in the upper galleries . .

I closed the last volume with the un-
comfortable feeling of having delved
into a maze of horror and death. In the
upper reaches of the very house in which
I stood, countless members of the House
of Ramsey had been hurled into madness
and cruelly murdered. Even now, the
man who occupied these whispering
rooms and huge, empty corridors was be-
ing slowly forced under the same hellish
influence of insanity. I understood now
his reason for silence. He was bound by
a family oath which had been passed
down from father to son. He could not
speak!

  The influence of that mad room still
hung over me as I paced across the library
and returned to the room where Sir Ed-
ward and Lady Sybil awaited me.

  The boy was sleeping. As I entered,
Lady Sybil came toward me quietly and
stood before me.

  "You—have found the books?” she
whispered.

  "Yes.”

  “Then you know why he is bound to
silence, Doctor. He is the last of the
Ramseys. I—am the last of—the Raven-
als.”

  I stared at her. I had not suspected
any connection between the names in
those ancient volumes and the name of
the girl before me. Peering into her feat-
ures now, I felt suddenly as if I had been
plunged into an affair of death itself.
She—the last of the Ravenals!

  "He has never broken the oath,” she
murmured, "not even to me. I have never
remained here at night—never seen the
specter. But I have questioned the ser-
vants who fled from here, and so I
know.”

  I turned to my patient. He was sleep-
ing peacefully now, and I thanked God
that the terror had temporarily left him.
Lady Sybil said softly:

  "I shall stay here the night, so long
as you are here, Doctor. I can not leave
him now.”

  She walked quietly to the divan and
made it as comfortable as possible. I did
not suggest that she go to one of the
sleeping-chambers on the floor above. For
my part, I could not consider waking my
patient; I would have to sit by him
through the night. And I knew that she,
too, preferred to be close to him. At any
rate, I hadn’t the cruelty to suggest that
she remain alone, in one of those shad-
owed, deathly silent rooms on the upper
corridor, through the long hours of sinis-
ter darkness that confronted us.

  I think that she slept very soon after
she lay down. When I bent over her a
moment later, to drape a silken coverlet
over her lovely figure, she did not stir.

  I realized then that I was the only per-
son awake in this massive, spectral house.
I was alone with the unknown being that
patrolled the upper galleries. I closed the
door of the room and bolted it. Very
quietly I returned to my chair and low-
THE GHOUL GALLERY

829

ered myself. Then I sat there, staring
fearfully into the deepening shadows, un-
til I dozed into a fitful slumber.

IF the specter of the House of Ram-
sey crept out of its hidden lair that
night, I did not know it. When I awoke,
a welcome sunlight was sliding across the
floor at my feet, from the opposite win-
dow. I was alone in the room. Sir Ed-
ward and Lady Sybil had vanished.

  I stood up. It was difficult to believe,
in this glow of warm sunlight, that any-
thing unusual had occurred during the
night.

  Evidently nothing had. The door
opened behind me and the ferret-faced
servant, scuffling forward, said evenly:
"Breakfast is waiting, sir.”

  I followed him to the dining-hall, and
there found my two companions. Lady
Sybil rose to greet me with a smile. The
boy remained seated. His face was ex-
tremely haggard and white. He nodded
heavily.

  "Thought we’d let you sleep, Briggs,”
he said. "You earned it.”

  He did not refer again to the previous
night. Lady Sybil, too, maintained a dis-
creet silence. When the meal was over, I
called her to me.

  "I shall stay here,” I said, "until I am
sure that his terror does not return. I do
not feel justified in leaving the house at
the present time.”

  "You wish me to do something, Doc-
tor?”

  I gave her a prescription. In substance,
the desired medicine was little more than
a tonic, though it contained a slight por-
tion of morphine. It would serve to keep
the boy’s nerves under control; but I real-
ized even then that the cause of his fear
must be removed before any medicine
would benefit him.

  Lady Sybil, however, promised to have

the prescription filled. She had other
matters to attend to, she said, and would
probably return some time in the late
afternoon.

  When she had gone, I sought out, once
again, those significant volumes that I
had found the night before. I studied
them for a very long time. It must have
been well after two o’clock when Sir Ed-
ward came into the library.

  He slouched into a chair and remained
there, without any display of animation
or life. When I got quietly to my feet
and replaced the last'book on the shelf,
he looked at me without emotion.

  "Where to, Briggs?” he said dully.

  "With your permission,” I replied, "I
should like to have a look at the galler-
ies.”

  He nodded. I fancied that the slight-
est cloud of suspicion crossed his face;
but he offered no objections.

  I had difficulty in finding my way. The
route which led to the upper levels was no
easy one to follow, winding as it did
through a succession of peculiarly dark
and unlighted corridors. Eventually, how-
ever, I found myself at the bottom of a
circular staircase that coiled upward into
the gloom of the floor above. I mounted
the steps slowly, holding to the great
carved bannister for support; and, having
reached the second landing, I followed
the twistings of the passage by keeping
as close to the wall as possible.

  At the end of this circular passage, a
curtained window revealed the street be-
low. As I peered down and saw the pave-
ment far below me, I could not repress
a shudder.

  Cautiously I continued along this cor-
ridor to the bottom of a second stair-
case. Once again, with heavy steps, I
groped upward.

   And here, at the top of the last incline,
I found the upper galleries of the House
830

WEIRD TALES

of Ramsey. The room lay directly before
me. Its massive door, standing half open,
revealed a thread of light from some hid-
den source—a gleam which penetrated
like a livid, groping hand into the black-
ness of the passage.

  I entered timidly, leaving the door open
behind me. Before me extended a room
of enormous size, more like a huge ban-
quet chamber than an art alcove. The
illumination was intense, coming as it did
from a series of four broad windows set
in the farther wall—windows which were
uncurtained, and designed to flood the
interior with light.

  For the rest, the floor was lined with a
smooth carpet of dull hue. The walls on
opposite sides of me as I moved forward
were devoted entirely to framed paint-
ings. The rear wall, which contained the
only entrance—through which I had
come—was carefully covered with a soft
gray drape, cut to outline the wooden
panels of the door.

I HAD taken no more than a dozen steps
forward into this strange chamber
when I came to an abrupt halt. Before
me, as I stood motionless, lay evidence
that my patient had been here before me
—a silk kerchief, embroidered in black
with his emblem. I recognized it in-
stantly. He had worn it on the previous
evening, tucked in the breast pocket of
his jacket. And now it lay here on the
carpet, damnable in its significance as I
stared down at it. So he had not slept
the night through! He had come here—
come to this death room, to keep some in-
fernal midnight tryst!

  I dropped the thing into my pocket.
Having done this, I turned to inspect the
magnificent works of art that surrounded
me. And then, almost immediately after
that first startling episode, came a sec-
ond shock, a thousand times greater than
the first!

  The thing glared out at me with hor-
rible malice. It hung before me, leering
into my face. I recoiled from it with a
sudden intake of breath.

  It was a skeleton, painted in dull values
of gray and white, with a single blur of
jet-black background, created by an artist
who possessed a fiendish cunning for hor-
rifying the human eye. Every revolting
effect of death was incorporated into that
ghastly countenance. And yet, in a med-
ical sense, the thing was far from perfect.

  Even as I stared at it, I discerned a
dozen very evident faults of construction.
Hideous it was, but hideous only because
the artist had sacrificed accuracy in order
to make it so.

  The eye-sockets, executed in a fiendish
combination of gray pigments, were hor-
ribly empty and staring—but they were
too close-set to be natural. The frontal
bone, a streak of livid white, was terrible
in its effect—but far too broad. The two
superior maxillary bones, forming the
upper jaw and bounding the glaring, va-
cant nasal cavity, were hideously formed
—but were separated on the under sur-
face from the row of broken teeth, in or-
der to lend that maddening grin to the
mouth.

  There were other defects, easily recog-
nizable. They were less significant. But
as a work of horror, the skeleton before
me was faultless. Never have I been so
completely unnerved by something which
I knew could hold no power over me.

  I went toward it with irresolute steps,
determined to inspect it at close range and
then leave the room immediately. The
singular glare of its dead features had
sapped all my curiosity. I wanted to get
away from it.

  The painting was very old. Only three
colors were evident—white, gray, and
that sepulchral black. At the bottom of
the heavy gilt frame I found the name of
the artist—a name which choked on my
THE GHOUL GALLERY

831

lips as I cried it aloud. That name, faint
and almost illegible, was Ravenal!

  Ravenal! "In the year previous to his
death, having formed a truce with the
House of Ramsey, he did present to Sir
Godfrey Ramsey one or two paintings of
great value, executed by himself . .

  I left the room with an inexplicable
sense of fear. Fascination it might have
been, for that hideous thing behind me.
Horror it might have been, for the slow
realization that here—here in this fiend-
ish picture—lay the secret of innumera-
ble murders, and a hellish curse of mad-
ness!

There is little more to tell. The con-
cluding event of my stay in the
House of Ramsey was not long in forth-
coming.

  The hour was already late when I re-
turned to the library on the lower floor.
Sir Edward had not moved from his
position. He greeted me with a nod; and
the girl, who had returned during my
tour of inspection, came toward me to
give me the medicine I had ordered.

  I forced the boy to take it. Then, in
depressing silence, we sat there, the three
of us, as the hour grew later and later.
Lady Sybil and I made a feeble attempt
to play backgammon; but the boy’s glassy
eyes haunted us. The game was a mock-
ery.

   When ten o’clock came, I rose and took
the boy’s arm.

   "A night’s sleep,” I said sternly, "would
be one of your best medicines.”

   He glanced at me wearily, as if it hurt
him to move.

  "You are turning in, Briggs?”

  t«r »*

    1 am.

  He sank back into his chair with a
half-inaudible murmur. I motioned quiet-
ly to Lady Sybil, thinking that if she left

him he would be certain to come with us,
rather than be left alone. The girl had
already prepared a room for herself on
the upper floor.

  But the boy did not move. As I drew the
door shut, he looked up suddenly and
spoke in a voice that was strangely harsh.

  "Leave it open, Briggs. I’ll—go to
bed in a while. Closed doors are ghastly
—just now.”

  In the corridor outside, I said good-
night to Lady Sybil and climbed the stairs
to my room. The room opened on an
unlighted passage—a narrow, gloomy
tunnel that twisted from darkness into
darkness, revealed only by the glow of
light from my own chamber.

  The hands of my watch, as I laid the
timepiece carefully upon the table, stood
at thirty-two minutes after ten o’clock.
No sound stirred in the great house. Lady
Sybil, having climbed the stairs behind
me, had gone to her room at the far end
of the corridor. Below stairs, the serv-
ant of the penetrating eyes had evidently
retired.

  It was perhaps fifteen minutes later
when I heard Sir Edward’s step on the
stairs. He climbed wearily, inertly. His
tread moved along the corridor. I heard
the door of his chamber open and close.
After that there was nothing but an omi-
nous, depressing, sinister silence.

  I left my door open. Most men in my
position would, I presume, have closed
it and made haste to throw the bolt. But
I found comfort, such as it was, in an
open exit. I had no desire to be a rat in
a trap.

  Nervously I switched off the light and
sank wearily to the bed. There I lay,
facing the half-open door, striving to get
rid of my thoughts. And there I lay
when, a long time later, I was dimly con-
scious that the silence had dissolved into
sound.
832

WEIRD TALES

IT had no definite beginning, no posi-
tive substance. Only in the acute still-
ness of the capacious structure would it
have been audible at all. Even then it was
no more than a dead hum, like the drone
of muted, smothered machinery.

  It increased in volume. For fully sixty
seconds, perhaps longer, I lay unmoving,
as the sound became a throbbing, waver-
ing reality. I twisted about to stare at
the door, as if I expected the vibrations
to filter into my room and take the form
of some ghastly supernatural being.

  Then I heard something more—the
distinct tread of human feet advancing
quietly along the passage outside! And
I saw it—saw the hunched form of Sir
Edward Ramsey, creeping slowly along
the corridor. Visible for a moment only,
he passed the open door of my chamber.
An unearthly mask of sepulchral light
surrounded him—an obscure, bluish vapor
that seemed to rise out of the floor at his
feet and hang about him like an ethereal
cloak, a Protean winding-sheet. And I
shall never forget the fear-haunted glare
of the boy’s eyes as he moved through the
darkness.

  He walked as though an inner force
guided him forward. His hands hung
lifelessly at his sides. His face was tense
and ghastly gray, strained to an almost
diabolical degree of expectancy. And
then, passing out of my range of vision,
he vanished.

  I sprang from the bed and reached
the door in a stride. There I stopped,
with both hands clutching the door-frame.
The sound of his footsteps had already
died; but another form was coming si-
lently out of the darkness and moving
past me. The form of Lady Sybil—fol-
lowing him!

  I did not hesitate then. I knew, as
surely as if the walls themselves were
screeching it out to me, that the boy was

going to those infernal galleries in the
upper recesses of the house. And up
there would be that eternal fiend of mur-
der and madness—that unnamed horror
which had for centuries preyed on the
inhabitants of this ghastly dwelling.

  Groping into the passage behind those
two grim figures, I fell into the mute
procession. Far above me, that dirge of
hell had risen to a whimpering moan—
a human voice in torment—rising and
falling with my steps as I paced forward.

  I saw the two figures before me now
—the boy still enveloped in that weird
mist; the girl silhouetted behind him.
His tread was the tread of a man who had
repeated this midnight journey many
times and knew every creaking board,
every turn of the passage, every twist of
the long, winding stairways that led into
the upper gloom.

  He paced on—and on. Behind him
crouched the girl, shadowing him as a
jungle cat might shadow some unknown,
half-dreaded quarry. I saw that evil
shroud of unnatural light ascend the
stairs, hovering about him—saw it grope
down the second labyrinth—saw it climb
again, up, up, into the stygian murk. The
girl crept after him, and I trailed behind
with the utmost caution, lest he should
turn and find me behind him.

  Only once—before the door of that
chamber of abhorrence at the very roof
of the house—did he hesitate. Then,
swinging the heavy barrier open, he en-
tered.

  Through that open doorway, in trip-
led intensity, came the voice of the House
of Ramsey. It beat upon me in waves—
a terrific summons, whining hideously,
rising and falling with infuriate vehe-
mence. And I knew, in that frantic mo-
ment, why Sir Edward had not fled in
terror from this place of pestilence. He
could not. That spectral voice possessed

                    W. T.—7
THE GHOUL GALLERY

833

a spell that would allow no man to leave.
It was irresistible in its cunning!

  I slunk forward. The girl had already
crossed the threshold. As I slipped
through the aperture, I saw them directly
before me—Lady Sybil pressed flat against
the wall; the boy, surrounded by that
Protean well of light, standing motionless
with both hands uplifted.

  The room was a pit of blackness, ex-
cept for that bluish cone of light. A chill
sensation took possession of me. I knew
that we were not alone. I felt a malig-
nant, gloating presence, invisible but sen-
tient. All about me emanated that tenu-
ous thread of sound, high-pitched now
and wailing in an almost articulate voice.
Human!

  The boy crept forward. He breathed
heavily. His body quivered and trembled
like a thing disjointed. I knew instinc-
tively what he wanted. It was that grim
thing on the farther wall.

  Mechanically my eyes turned to stare
at it. Then, overcome by what I saw, I
fell back.

   A wall of darkness faced me. To right,
to left, above and below, not a single
detail of its construction was visible—
except one. There, in the very space where
that gleaming skeleton had hung before,
a mad thing leered out at me.

  It was no dead rack of bones—not now.
It was a face—a living, twisted, cruel
face, set atop a writhing body. Even as
I watched, a mist of phosphorescent light,
bluish white, began to emanate from it.
The rack of bones became a glowing torso,
taking on human form.

  Young Ramsey stood glued to the floor
before it. Behind me I heard a stifled
sob come from the girl’s lips. I could
not advance—could not move.

  Slowly the thing changed contour.
Slowly it twisted forward, coiling its sin-
W. T.—8

uous way out of the great gilt frame. It
was a skeleton no longer. It had become
an undead form, indefinite in shape,
swelling and contracting to grotesque
mockeries of human mold. I saw a misty
outline of ancient clothing hanging from
its limbs—a garb that was hundreds of
years old in style. And the face, lifted
in terrible malice, was the face of an
English nobleman.

  It burned with a frightful glow, vivid
and unnatural. The living dead hands
writhed up—up to the thing’s own throat,
with evil suggestiveness.

  And then, as if from a great distance,
a strangled screech split the silence of that
room of death. The specter's lips curled
apart, revealing a double row of broken
teeth. Words came through them. Vi-
cious, compelling words.

  "To strangle one’s self is better than
to be mad for eternity! Do you hear,
Ramsey? To strangle one's self-”

  Sir Edward stumbled back, away from
it. I saw his hands jerk up to his throat.
I saw that fiendish, dead-alive creature
lunge toward him.

  Then a thin cry rose behind me,
from Lady Sybil’s lips. I was pushed
roughly aside. Sobbing wildly, the girl
dashed past me and fell upon the great
gilt frame, slashing at it with a knife-
like thing which she clutched in her hand.
Flat against it, she raked the canvas into
ribbons, clawing, ripping at it in sheer
madness.

  I think it was the sight of her, over-
come by the horror of what we had seen,
that made me move. I swung about,
lurched forward. Against the wall, close
to that living monstrosity, reeled Sir Ed-
ward. His face was livid with insanity—
insanity brought on by the damned thing
that grappled with him. His mouth was
twisted apart, thick with blood and foam.
His body twisted convulsively. And his
834

WEIRD TALES

hands—his own hands—were clenched
in his throat.

  That shapeless thing was all about him,
hideously malformed. It had no limits,
no bounds. It was a mold of bluish mist,
with leering face and groping hands. And
the hands—God, I can never forget them!
They were huge, hairy, black. They were
twined about the boy’s wrists, forcing
the boy’s fingers into his own throat.
Strangling him! Murdering him! And
the thumb of the hairy left hand was
missing!

  With a mighty jerk I wrenched those
fingers from their hold. Behind me the
girl was still hacking at the contents of
the huge frame, tearing the canvas. The
wailing shriek rose to a frenzy—shrilled
higher and higher.

  Then, all at once, the voice became a
sob—a sob of unspeakable anguish, as the
girl’s knife struck home. It gurgled into
silence. The massive shape before me dis-
solved into a circular, throbbing, writhing
wraith of fog, with only hands and face
visible. The face lifted upward in agony;
the hands clenched on themselves, doubled
into knots. Before my eyes the thing be-
came a blurred outline. And then—noth-
ing.

  Young Ramsey slid to the floor on
hands and knees, in a dead faint. I
whirled about, stufnbling to Lady Sybil’s
side.

  Neither of us noticed, then, that the
room was once more in utter darkness.
We were intent upon only one thing.
Together we tore at that infernal paint-
ing, dragging it out of its frame, raking
it to shreds.

  The frame fell with a crash, hurtling
down upon us. Lady Sybil reeled back
with a cry of fear. I held her erect. To-
gether we stood there, staring—staring
into something empty and black and sin-
ister.

Presently I found courage enough
to grope for a match and strike it. I
blundered forward, only to stop as if an
outflung hand had suddenly thrust me
back, while the match dropped from my
fingers. I must have screamed.

  But I was saturated with horror. I was
immune to anything more. Grimly I
found a second match and, with the yel-
low glare preceding me, stepped into the
aperture revealed by the falling of the
picture.

  The space was long, thin, hardly more
than three feet deep—a silent, ancient
vault. There, lying at my feet, extended
an oblong box, black and forbidding,
with closed cover. A coffin.

  I scratched another match, and lifted
the cover slowly. Glowering up at me,
made livid by the light of the match, lay
a skeletonic form, long dead, crumbling
in decay.

  I stared down at it for an eternity. It
was repulsive, even in death. The skull
was a grinning mask. The hands were
folded on the chest—and the thumb of
the left hand was missing.

  Beneath those hands lay something
else—a rectangular plate of tarnished
metal, engraved with minute lettering. I
picked it out with nervous fingers.

  The legend was hardly visible. I rubbed
the metal on the sleeve of my coat, scrap-
ing away the film of dust. But the en-
graving had been scored deep. Holding
the match close to it, I made out the
words:

  Sir Richard Ravenal. Famous artist. Eternal
seeker into the secrets of the undead. His body
placed here secretly by his son, in accord with a
request made before his death. The hatred between
Ramsey and Ravenal may never die!

  Mechanically I returned the inscription
to its resting-place. The girl stood behind
me. I stepped past her, out of the vault,
and paced across the gallery to where Sir
THE GHOUL GALLERY

835

Edward Ramsey lay motionless on the
floor.

  Lifting him in my arms, I turned to
the door.

  "Come,” I said to the girl.

  She followed me out of the room. In
silence we descended the black staircase
to the lower levels. There, in the boy*s
chamber, I lowered Sir Edward to the
bed; and, bringing my medicine kit from
my own room, I worked over him until
he regained consciousness.

  The boy stared up at me, reaching out
to clutch my hand. He was weak, pathet-
ically weak, but the haunted sheen of
terror was gone out of his eyes. I moved
away, allowing Lady Sybil to take my
place.

  Then I left them there—those two who
loved each other with a love that was
more intense than the most utter terror
of this gaunt house.

  I	groped down the main staircase to
the servants’ level and roused the ferret-
faced deaf man. Together we climbed
to the galleries. There we dragged forth
that grim coffin with its horrible contents.

  Later, in die kitchen of that sinister
house, we kindled a great fire. Into it
we cast the remains of the shattered pic-
ture. Into it we threw the oblong box.

  And we stood there side by side, with
die scarlet glare of the flames reflected
in our faces, until the curse of the House
of Ramsey had burned to a handful of
dead ashes.

  Vh€ Weird of
  Avoosl Wuthoqquan

By CLARK ASHTON SMITH

A fantastic tale of two magnificent emeralds and how they returned to the
•vampiric entity that owned them

a

 GIVE, give, O magnanimous and
 liberal lord of the poor,” cried
 the beggar.

 Avoosl Wuthoqquan, the richest and
most avaricious money-lender in all Com-
moriom, and, by that token, in the whole
of Hyperborea, was startled from his
train of revery by the sharp, eery, cicada-
like voice. He eyed the supplicant with
acidulous disfavor. His meditations, as
he walked homeward diat evening, had
been splendidly replete with the shining
of costly metals, with coins and ingots
and gold-work and argentry, and the flam-

ing or sparkling of many-tinted gems in
rills and rivers and cascades, all flowing
toward the coffers of Avoosl Wuthoq-
quan. Now the vision had flown; and
this untimely and obstreperous voice was
imploring him for alms.

  "I have nothing for you.” His tones
were like the grating of a shut clasp.

  "Only two pazoors, O generous one,
and I will prophesy.”

  Avoosl Wuthoqquan gave the beggar
a second glance. He had never seen so
disreputable a specimen of the mendicant
class in all his wayfarings through Com-
836

WEIRD TALES

moriom. The man was preposterously
old, and his mummy-brown skin, wher-
ever visible, was webbed with wrinkles
that were like the heavy weaving of some
giant jungle spider. His rags were no less
than fabulous; and the beard that hung
down and mingled with them was hoary
as the moss of a primeval juniper.

  "I do not require your prophecies.”

  ‘'One pazoor, then.”

  "No.”

  The eyes of the beggar became evil and
malignant in their hollow sockets, like
the heads of two poisonous little pit-
vipers in their holes.

  "Then, O Avoosl Wuthoqquan,” he
hissed, "I will prophesy gratis. Harken
to your weird: the godless and exceeding
love which you bear to all material things,
and your lust therefor, shall lead you on
a strange quest and bring you to a doom
whereof the stars and the sun will alike
be ignorant. The hidden opulence of
earth shall allure you and ensnare you;
and earth itself shall devour you at the
last.”

  "Begone,” said Avoosl Wuthoqquan.
"The weird is more than a trifle cryptic
in its earlier clauses; and the final clause
is somewhat platitudinous. I do not need
a beggar to tell me the common fate, of
mortality.”

2

IT was many moons later, in that year
which became known to pre-glacial his-
torians as the year of the Black Tiger.

  Avoosl Wudioqquan sat in a lower
chamber of his house, which was also his
place of business. The room was oblique-
ly shafted by the brief, aerial gold of the
reddening sunset, which fell through a
crystal window, lighting a serpentine line
of irised sparks in the jewel-studded lamp
that hung from copper chains, and touch-
ing to fiery life the tortuous threads of

silver and similor in the dark arrases.
Avoosl Wuthoqquan, seated in an umber
shadow beyond the lane of light, peered
with an austere and ironic mien at his
client, whose swarthy face and somber
mantle were gilded by the passing glory.

  The man was a stranger; possibly a
travelling merchant from outland realms,
the usurer thought—or else an outlander
of more dubious occupation. His narrow,
slanting, beryl-green eyes, his bluish, un-
kempt beard, and the uncouth cut of his
sad raiment, were sufficient proof of his
alienage in Commoriom.

  "Three hundred djals is a large sum,”
said the money-lender thoughtfully.
"Moreover, I do not know you. What
security have you to offer?”

  The visitor produced from the bosom
of his garment a small bag of tigerskin,
tied at the mouth with sinew, and open-
ing the bag with a deft movement, poured
on the table before Avoosl Wuthoqquan
two uncut emeralds of immense size and
flawless purity. They flamed at the heart
with a cold and ice-green fire as they
caught the slanting sunset; and a greedy
spark was kindled in the eyes of the
usurer. But he spoke coolly and in-
differently.

  "It may be that I can loan you one
hundred and fifty djals. Emeralds are
hard to dispose of; and if you should not
return to claim the gems and repay me
the money, I might have reason to repent
my generosity. But I will take the
hazard.”

  "The loan I ask is a mere tithe of their
value,” protested the stranger. "Give me
two hundred and fifty djals. . . . There
are other money-lenders in Commoriom,
I am told.”

  "Two hundred djals is the most I can
offer. It is true that the gems are not
without value. But you may have stolen
them. How am I to know? It is not my
habit to ask indiscreet questions.”
THE WEIRD OF AVOOSL WUTHOQQUAN

837

  "Take them,” said the stranger, hastily.
He accepted the silver coins which Avoosl
Wuthoqquan counted out, and offered no
further protest. The usurer watched him
with a sardonic smile as he departed, and
drew his own inferences. He felt sure
that the jewels had been stolen, but was
in no wise perturbed or disquieted by this
fact. No matter whom they had belonged
to, or what their history, they would
form a welcome and valuable addition to
the coffers of Avoosl Wuthoqquan. Even
the smaller of the two emeralds would
have been absurdly cheap at three hun-
dred djals; but the usurer felt no appre-
hension that the stranger would return to
claim them at any time. . . . No, the man
was plainly a thief, and had been glad to
rid himself of the evidence of his guilt.
As to the rightful ownership of the gems
—that was hardly a matter to arouse the
concern or the curiosity of the money-
lender. They were his own property now,
by virtue of the sum in silver which had
been tacitly regarded by himself and the
stranger as a price rather than a mere loan.

  The sunset faded swiftly from the
room and a brown twilight began to dull
the metal broideries of the curtains and
the colored eyes of the gems. Avoosl
Wuthoqquan lit the fretted lamp; and
then, opening a small brazen strong-box,
he poured from it a flashing rill of
jewels on the table beside the emeralds.
There were pale and ice-clear topazes
from Mhu Thulan, and gorgeous crystals
of tourmalin from Tscho Vulpanomi;
there were chill and furtive sapphires of
the north, and arctic camelians like frozen
blood, and diamonds that were hearted
with white stars. Red, unblinking rubies
glared from the coruscating pile, cha-
toyants shone like the eyes of tigers,
garnets and alabraundins gave their som-
ber flames to the lamplight amid the rest-
less hues of opals. Also, there were
other emeralds, but none so large and

flawless as the two that he had acquired
that evening.

Avoosl wuthoqquan sorted out the
i. gems in gleaming rows and circles,
as he had done so many times before; and
he set apart all the emeralds with his new
acquisitions at one end, like captains lead-
ing a file. He was well pleased with his
bargain, well satisfied with overflowing
caskets. He regarded the jewels with an
avaricious love, a miserly complacence; and
one might have thought that his eyes were
little beads of jasper, set in his leathery
face as in the smoky parchment cover of
some olden book of doubtful magic.
Money and precious gems—these things
alone, he thought, were immutable and
non-volatile in a world of never-ceasing
change and fugacity.

  His reflections, at this point, were in-
terrupted by a singular occurrence. Sud-
denly and without warning—for he had
not touched or disturbed them in any
manner—the two large emeralds started
to roll away from their companions on
the smooth, level table of black ogga-
wood; and before the startled money-
lender could put out his hand to stop
them, they had vanished over the op-
posite edge and had fallen with a muffled
rattling on the carpeted floor.

  Such behavior was highly eccentric and
peculiar, not to say unaccountable; but
the usurer leapt to his feet with no other
thought save to retrieve the jewels. He
rounded the table in time to see that they
had continued their mysterious rolling
and were slipping through the outer door,
which the stranger in departing had left
slightly ajar. This door gave on a court-
yard; and the courtyard, in turn, opened
on the streets of Commoriom.

 Avoosl Wuthoqquan was deeply
alarmed, but was concerned by the pros-
pect of losing the emeralds rather than
by the eeriness and mystery of their de-
838

WEIRD TALES

parture. He gave chase with an agility of
which few would have believed him
capable, and throwing open the door, he
saw the fugitive emeralds gliding with
an uncanny smoothness and swiftness
across the rough, irregular flags of the
courtyard. The twilight was deepening
to a nocturnal blue; but the jewels seemed
to wink derisively with a strange phos-
phoric luster as he followed them. Clear-
ly visible in the gloom, they passed
through the unbarred gate that gave on
a principal avenue, and disappeared.

  It began to occur to Avoosl Wuthoq-
quan that the jewels were bewitched; but
not even in the face of an unknown sor-
cery was he willing to relinquish anything
for which he had paid the munificent sum
of two hundred djals. He gained the
open street with a running leap, and
paused only to make sure of the direction
in which his emeralds had gone.

  The dim avenue was almost entirely
deserted; for the worthy citizens of Com-
moriom, at that hour, were preoccupied
with the consumption of their evening
meal. The jewels, gaining momentum,
and skimming the ground lightly in their
flight, were speeding away on the left
toward the less reputable suburbs and the
wild, luxuriant jungle beyond. Avoosl
Wuthoqquan saw that he must redouble
his pursuit if he were to overtake them.

  Panting and wheezing valiantly with
the unfamiliar exertion, he renewed the
chase; but in spite of all his efforts, the
jewels ran always at the same distance
before him, with a maddening ease and
eery volitation, tinkling musically at whiles
on the pavement. The frantic and be-
wildered usurer was soon out of breath;
and being compelled to slacken his speed,
he feared to lose sight of the eloping
gems; but strangely, thereafterward, they
ran with a slowness that corresponded to
his own, maintaining ever the same
interval.

  The money-lender grew desperate. The
flight of the emeralds was leading him
into an outlying quarter of Commoriom
where thieves and murderers and beggars
dwelt. Here he met a few passers, all of
dubious character, who stared in stupefac-
tion at the fleeing stones, but made no
effort to stop them. Then the foul ten-
ements among which he ran became
smaller, with wider spaces between; and
soon there were only sparse huts, where
furtive lights gleamed out in the full-
grown darkness, beneath the lowering
frondage of high palms.

  Still plainly visible, and shining with
a mocking phosphorescence, the jewels
fled before him on the dark road. It
seemed to him, however, that he was
gaining upon them a little. His flabby
limbs and pursy body were faint with
fatigue, and he was grievously winded;
but he went on in renewed hope, gasping
with eager avarice. A full moon, large
and amber-tinted, rose beyond the jungle
and began to light his way.

Commoriom was far behind him
now; and there were no more huts
on the lonely forest road, nor any other
wayfarers. He shivered a little—either
with fear or the chill night air; but he
did not relax his pursuit. He was clos-
ing in on the emeralds, very gradually
but surely; and he felt that he would re-
capture them soon. So engrossed was he
in die weird chase, with his eyes on the
ever-rolling gems, that he failed to per-
ceive that he was no longer following an
open highway. Somehow, somewhere,
he had taken a narrow path that wound
among monstrous trees whose foliage
turned the moonlight to a mesh of quick-
silver with heavy, fantastic raddlings of
ebony. Crouching in grotesque menace,
like giant retiarii, they seemed to close in
upon him from all sides. But the money-
THE WEIRD OF AVOOSL WUTHOQQUAN

839

lender was oblivious of their shadowy
threats, and heeded not the sinister
strangeness and solitude of the jungle
path, nor the dank odors that lingered
beneath the trees like unseen pools.

  Nearer and nearer he came to the
fleeting gems, till they ran and flickered
tantalizingly a little beyond his reach,
and seemed to look back at him like two
greenish, glowing eyes, filled with allure-
ment and mockery. Then, as he was about
to fling himself forward in a last and
supreme effort to secure them, they van-
ished abruptly from view, as if they had
been swallowed by the forest shadows
that lay like sable pythons athwart the
moonlit way.

  BafHed and disconcerted, Avoosl Wuth-
oqquan paused and peered in bewilder-
ment at the place where they had disap-
peared. He saw that the path ended in
a cavern-mouth, yawning blackly and si-
lently before him, and leading to un-
known subterranean depths. It was a
doubtful and suspicious-looking cavern,
fanged with sharp stones and bearded
with queer grasses; and Avoosl Wuthoq-
quan, in his cooler moments, would have
hesitated a long while before entering it.
But just then he was capable of no other
impulse than the fervor of the chase and
the prompting of avarice.

  The cavern that had swallowed his
emeralds in a fashion so nefarious was a
steep incline running swiftly down into
darkness. It was low and narrow, and
slippery with noisome oozings; but the
money-lender was heartened as he went
on by a glimpse of the glowing jewels,
which seemed to float beneath him in the
black air, as if to illuminate his way. The
incline led to a level, winding passage, in
which Avoosl Wuthoqquan began to over-
take his elusive property once more; and
hope flared high in his panting bosom.

  The emeralds were almost within
reach; then, with sleightful suddenness,

they slipped from his ken beyond an
abrupt angle of the passage; and follow-
ing them, he paused in wonder, as if
halted by an irresistible hand. He was
half blinded for some moments by the
pale, mysterious, bluish light that poured
from the roof and walls of the huge cav-
ern into which he had emerged; and he
was more than dazzled by the multi-tinted
splendor that flamed and glowed and
glistened and sparkled at his very feet.

  He stood on a narrow ledge of stone;
and the whole chamber before and be-
neath him, almost to the level of this
ledge, was filled with jewels even as a
granary is filled with grain! It was as if
all the rubies, opals, beryls, diamonds,
amethysts, emeralds, chrysolites and sap-
phires of the world had been gathered to-
gether and poured into an immense pit.
He thought that he saw his own emeralds,
lying tranquilly and decorously in a near-
er mound of the undulant mass; but there
were so many others of like size and
flawlessness that he could not be sure of
them.

For awhile, he could hardly believe
the ineffable vision. Then, with a sin-
gle cry of ecstasy, he leapt forward from
the ledge, sinking almost to his knees in
the shifting and tinkling and billowing
gems. In great double handfuls, he lifted
the flaming and scintillating stones and
let them sift between his fingers, slowly
and voluptuously, to fall with a light
clash on the monstrous heap. Blinking
joyously, he watched the royal lights and
colors run in spreading or narrowing rip-
ples; he saw them burn like stedfast coals
and secret stars, or leap out in blazing
eyes that seemed to catch fire from each
other.

  In his most audacious dreams, the us-
urer had never even suspected the exist-
ence of such riches. He babbled aloud in
a rhapsody of delight, as he played with
840

WEIRD TALES

the numberless gems; and he failed to
perceive that he was sinking deeper with
every movement into the unfathomable
pit. The jewels had risen above his knees,
were engulfing his pudgy thighs, before
his avaricious rapture was touched by any
thought of peril.

  Then, startled by the realization that
he was sinking into his new-found wealth
as into some treacherous quicksand, he
sought to extricate himself and return to
the safety of the ledge. He floundered
helplessly; for the moving gems gave way
beneath him, and he made no progress
but went deeper still, till the bright, un-
stable heap had risen to his waist.

  Avoosl Wuthoqquan began to feel a
frantic terror amid the intolerable irony
of his plight. He cried out; and as if in
answer, there came a loud, unctuous, evil
chuckle from the cavern behind him.
Twisting his fat neck with painful effort,
so that he could peer over his shoulder,
he saw a most peculiar entity that was
couching on a sort of shelf above the
pit of jewels. The entity’ was wholly and
outrageously unhuman; and neither did it
resemble any species of animal, or any
known god or demon of Hyperborea. Its
aspect was not such as to lessen the alarm
and panic of the money-lender; for it
was very large and pale and squat, with i
toad-like face and a swollen, squidgy
body and numerous cuttlefish limbs or
appendages. It lay flat on the shelf, with
its chinless head and long slit-like mouth
overhanging the pit, and its cold, lidless
eyes peering obliquely at Avoosl Wuth-
oqquan. The usurer was not reassured
when it began to speak in a thick and
loathsome voice, like the molten tallow
of corpses dripping from a wizard's ket-
tle.

  "Ho! what have we here?" it said.
"By the black altar of Tsathoggua, ’tis a
fat money-lender, wallowing in my jew-
els like a lost pig in a quagmire!”

  "Help me!” cried AvooslWuthoqquan.
"See you not that I am sinking?”

  The entity gave its oleaginous chuckle.
"Yes, I see your predicament, of course.

. . . What are you doing here?”

  "I came in search of my emeralds—two
fine and flawless stones for which I have
just paid the sum of two hundred djals
"Your emeralds?” said the entity. "I
fear that I must contradict you. The jew-
els are mine. They were stolen not long
ago from this cavern, in which I have
been wont to gather and guard my sub-
terranean wealth for many ages. The
thief was frightened away . . . when he
saw me . . . and I suffered him to go. He
had taken only the two emeralds; and I
knew that they would return to me—as
my jewels always return—whenever I
choose to call them. The thief was lean
and bony, and I did well to let him go;
for now, in his place, there is a plump
and well-fed usurer.”

  Avoosl Wuthoqquan, in his mounting
terror, was barely able to comprehend the
words or to grasp their implications. He
had sunk slowly but steadily into the
yielding pile; and green, yellow, red and
violet gems were blinking gorgeously
about his bosom and sifting with a light
tinkle beneath his armpits.

  "Help! help!” he wailed. "I shall be
engulfed!”

  Grinning sardonically, and showing
the cloven tip of a fat white tongue, the
singular entity slid from the shelf with
boneless ease; and spreading its flat body
on the pool of gems, into which it hardly
sank, it slithered forward to a position
from which it could reach the frantic
usurer with its octopus-like members. It
dragged him free with a single motion
of incredible celerity. Then, without
pause or preamble or further comment,
in a leisurely and methodical fashion, it
began to devour him.
^nder

the Eaves

By HELEN M. REID

To and fro, to and fro in the shadows swung the form of the dead
man—a five-minute story

Thump—thump—thump.

Spasmodically, above the wail-
ing of the wind and the dismal
battering of the rain against the windows,
the ominous sound was repeated.

  Thump—thump—thump.

   Something was hitting against the side
of the house—something heavy. Hannah
rose uneasily and laid down her sewing.
Susan would be coming for the dress in
the morning, but she could not keep her
mind on the stitches.

   She thought resentfully of Judy. The
ingrate! That was the thanks you got for
twenty years of slaving. To be left alone
with nothing to listen to but the wind
and the rain and that hideous thumping.

  For perhaps the twentieth time that
night she pulled the shade back from one
of the windows and stared out into the
darkness. Thump—thump. The sound
was close now, but beyond the window
was an abyss of blackness in which she
could see nothing. Shivering, she sat
down once more in front of the grate,
where a fire struggled fitfully against the
fury of the storm without and the semi-
darkness of the room within. In its wav-
ering circle of light she sat erect and de-
fiant, the flames outlining her sharp fea-
tures and thin knot of graying hair.

   It wasn’t because she was getting old.
she told herself sternly. A night like this
would get on anybody’s nerves. If Nate

hadn’t cleared out as he did- She

frowned impatiently.

   ''Where’d they a been without me, I’d
like to know,” she muttered. "And now
they don’t care what becomes o’ me.
Neither one o’ them.”

  Anyway, thank goodness, the thumping
had stopped. But what was that? Some-
one knocking? Who on earth would be
venturing out in such a storm? But the
knocking was repeated.

  Resolutely she threw the door open. A
rush of rain and wind blurred her vision
for an instant, and in that instant a man
pushed past her, a tall man, thin and
somewhat stooped, with straggling gray
hair that hung dripping about his seamed
face; for in spite of the roughness of the
night he wore no hat.

  Hannah turned to face him; then
abruptly she slammed the door shut and
locked it.

  "So you’ve come back to the old
woman, have you?” She confronted him
scornfully. "Found out nobody else
would put up with you, I suppose.”

  He made no reply but settled himself
in his favorite chair by the grate.

  "That’s right,” she went on bitingly.
"Make yourself comfortable. How you’ve
got nerve to come back after walking out
on me like you did I don’t know.”

  "Seems to me you told me to walk
out.” His words were pleasant but dis-
turbingly sarcastic. She noticed that his
usual docility of manner was entirely
gone.

  "Better get on some dry clothes,” she
snapped. "You’ll catch your death of
cold.”

   A faintly sarcastic smile was his only
reply. He made no movement, and for
once she was at a loss what to say. She
felt baffled and confused.

   "You told me to go,” he repeated, "and
I went. Why do you blame me?”

                                     841
842

WEIRD TALES

  She felt her face growing hot at the
quiet rebuff.

  "Blame you?” she retorted. "I blame
you for being a shiftless, good-for-noth-
ing fool, that’s what. Look at Clem
Hanks. You don’t find him dilly-dally-
ing his time away, and what’s the result?
He makes more money in a day than
you’ll ever make in a month. And if
there’s anything more useless than a man
that can’t make a decent living, I don’t
know what it is.”

  "You convinced me of that.”

  Something in his voice made her look
at him intently. "Nate,” she said slowly,
"you know I don’t mean things half as
bad as I say them. If I’d a thought you
had spunk enough to get out I’d a never
told you to and that’s God’s truth.”

  She pointed to the sewing that lay
where she had left it. "If it wasn’t for
the work Susan Hanks gives me to do I
don’t know how I’d keep body and soul

together. Now you’re back, maybe-”

  "Won’t Judy help?”

  She fidgeted under the gaze of his

steady eyes. "That girl-” She

checked herself.

  "Well?”

   "She left after you did.”

  "Because-”

                          m

  "Because she turned against her own
mother, that’s why. Didn’t I do every-
thing for her with my own hands? and
now she takes sides with you. I’m sure
I don’t know why.”

  "Maybe I was of some use,” he sug-
gested.

  "Land knows I’m glad enough you
came back. I don’t know what’s come
over me, but what with you gone and
Judy gone, this place is like a tomb.”
Thump—thump—thump. There it
was again!

  "I wish you’d see what that is,” she

said. "It gave me quite a turn when I
was alone, but now you’re here-”

  The fire had burned low. Nate’s chair
seemed to have drawn back into the
shadows.

  "You won’t mind, will you?” She was
not in the habit of asking that question,
but tonight seemed different.

  Thump—thump—thump.

  "Nate!”

   A sudden flare from the dying fire il-
lumined the room. Nate’s chair was
empty!

  "Nate! Nate!” she called wildly.

  The wind shrieked around the house
in a paroxysm of fury. The rain lashed
against the windows. There was no other
answer.

  Thump—thump.

  A cold trembling seized her. She ran
to the window and threw it open. Thump
—thump. The thing was almost close
enough for her to touch. She reached out.
Her hand closed on a sodden sleeve, a
man’s arm. She screamed. The next in-
stant she had swayed and fallen.

  When she opened her eyes she was
stretched out in bed with Susan Hanks
bending over her.

  "Clem heard you scream and came and
got me to look after you,” she explained.

  "IS he—dead?”

  Susan looked away. "Yes,” she said.

  "Can’t they do—something?” There
was a note of pleading in Hannah’s harsh
voice. "He was in here,” she said. "I
was talkin’ to him just before I found
him—out there.”

  Susan left the room quickly. Hannah
heard her speaking to someone in a low
voice. Then the words of Clem’s reply
came to her distinctly.

  "Better send for Judy,” he said. "She
is delirious. Nate was hanging from
those eaves all evening. The doctor says
he’s been dead for hours.”
By MARY WOLLSTONECRAFT-SHELLEY

 The Story Thus Far

ROBERT WALTON, captain of a
ship seeking a passage through the
^ Arctic Ocean, saw a low carriage,
fixed on a sledge and drawn by dogs, pass
over the ice field to the north. In it sat
a being which had the shape of a man,
but apparently of gigantic stature.

  The next morning, after the ice had
broken, he rescued from an ice-floe
another man, greatly emaciated. Only one
of his dogs remained alive, for he had
been marooned for some time.

  The man was Victor Frankenstein, a
young scientist, who related to Captain
Walton the incredible story of his life and
how he came to be on the ice-floe.

  Frankenstein had lived in Geneva with
his father and his adopted sister, Eliza-
beth, to whom he was betrothed. His
father sent him to school at Ingolstadt
with his chum, Henry Clerval. There he
progressed in his studies of natural sci-
ence to such a point that he learned to
create life.

  Without taking Clerval into his secret,
in a garret room of the house where he
lived he set about creating a monster,

eight feet tall and human in appearance,
taking his materials from graveyards,
slaughter-houses and dissecting-rooms.

CHAPTER 5

IT was on a dreary night of November
that I beheld the accomplishment of

my toils. With an anxiety that almost
amounted to agony, I collected the instru-
ments of life around me, that I might in-
fuse a spark of being into the lifeless
thing that lay at my feet. It was already
one in the morning; the rain pattered dis-
mally against the panes, and my candle
was nearly burnt out, when, by the glim-
mer of the half-extinguished light, I saw
the dull yellow eyes of the creature open;
it breathed hard, and a convulsive motion
agitated its limbs.

   How can I describe my emotions at this
catastrophe, or how delineate the wretch
whom with such infinite pains and care I
had endeavored to form? His limbs were
in proportion, and I had selected his fea-
tures as beautiful. Beautiful!—Great
God! His yellow skin scarcely covered
the work of muscles and arteries beneath;
his hair was of a lustrous black, and flow-

This starr begm in WEIRD TALES for May

                                                          84}
844

WEIRD TALES

ing; his teeth of a pearly whiteness; but
these luxuriances only formed a more hor-
rid contrast with his watery eyes, that
seemed almost of the same color as the
dun white sockets in which they were set,
his shrivelled complexion and straight
black lips.

  The different accidents of life are not
so changeable as the feelings of human
nature. I had worked hard for nearly two
years, for the sole purpose of infusing life
into an inanimate body. For this I had
deprived myself of rest and health. I had
desired it with an ardor that far exceeded
moderation; but now that I had finished,
the beauty of the dream vanished, and
breathless horror and disgust filled my
heart. Unable to endure the aspect of the
being I had created, I rushed out of the
room, and continued a long time travers-
ing my bedchamber, unable to compose
my mind to sleep. At length lassitude
succeeded to the tumult I had before en-
dured; and I threw myself on the bed in
my clothes, endeavoring to seek a few
moments of forgetfulness. But it was in
vain: I slept, indeed, but I was disturbed
by the wildest dreams. I thought I saw
Elizabeth, in the bloom of health, walk-
ing in the streets of Ingolstadt. Delight-
ed and surprized, I embraced her; but as I
imprinted the first kiss on her lips, they
became livid with the hue of death; her
features appeared to change, and I thought
that I held the corpse of my dead mother
in my arms; a shroud enveloped her form,
and I saw the grave-worms crawling in
the folds of the flannel.

  I started from my sleep with horror; a
cold dew covered my forehead, my teeth
chattered, and every limb became con-
vulsed: when, by the dim and yellow light
of the moon, as it forced its way through
the window shutters, I beheld the wretch
—the miserable monster whom I had cre-
ated. He held up the curtain of the bed;
and his eyes, if eyes they may be called,

were fixed on me. His jaws opened, and
he muttered some inarticulate sounds,
while a grin wrinkled his cheeks. He
might have spoken, but I did not hear;
one hand was stretched out, seemingly to
detain me, but I escaped, and rushed
downstairs.

  I took refuge in the courtyard belong-
ing to the house which I inhabited; where
I remained during the rest of the night,
walking up and down in the greatest agi-
tation, listening attentively, catching and
fearing each sound as if it were to an-
nounce the approach of the demoniacal
corpse to which I had so miserably given
life.

  Oh! no mortal could support the hor-
ror of that countenance. A mummy again
endued with animation could not be so
hideous as that wretch. I had gazed on
him while unfinished; he was ugly then;
but when those muscles and joints were
rendered capable of motion, it became a
thing such as even Dante could not have
conceived.

  I passed the night wretchedly. Some-
times my pulse beat so quickly and hardly
that I felt the palpitation of every artery;
at others, I nearly sank to the ground
through languor and extreme weakness.
Mingled with this horror, I felt the bitter-
ness of disappointment; dreams that had
been my food and pleasant rest for so long
a space were now become a hell to me;
and the change was so rapid, the over-
throw so complete!

  Morning, dismal and wet, at length
dawned, and discovered to my sleepless
and aching eyes the church of Ingolstadt,
its white steeple and clock, which indi-
cated the sixth hour. The porter opened
the gates of the court, which had that
night been my asylum, and I issued into
the streets, pacing them with quick steps,
as if I sought to avoid the wretch whom
I feared every turning of the street would
present to my view. I did not dare return
FRANKENSTEIN

845

to the apartment which I inhabited, but
felt impelled to hurry on, although
drenched by the rain which poured from
a black and comfortless sky.

I continued walking in this manner
for some time, endeavoring, by bodily
exercise, to ease the load that weighed
upon my mind. I traversed the streets,
without any clear conception of where I
was, or what I was doing. My heart pal-
pitated in the sickness of fear; and I hur-
ried on with irregular steps, not daring to
look about me:

    "Like one who, on a lonely road,

    Doth walk in fear and dread,

    And, having once turned round, walks on,

    And turns no more his head;

    Because he knows a frightful fiend
    Doth close behind him tread.”

   Continuing thus, I came at length op-
posite to the inn at which the various
diligences and carriages usually stopped.
Here I paused, I knew not why; but I
remained some minutes with my eyes
fixed on a coach that was coming toward
me from the other end of the street. As
it drew nearer, I observed that it was the
Swiss diligence: it stopped just where I
was standing, and, on the door being
opened, I perceived Henry Clerval, who,
on seeing me, instantly sprung out. "My
dear Frankenstein,” exclaimed he, "how
glad I am to see you! How fortunate that
you should be here at the very moment of
my alighting!”

   Nothing could equal my delight on see-
ing Clerval; his presence brought back to
my thoughts my father, Elizabeth, and all
those scenes of home so dear to my recol-
lection. I grasped his hand, and in a
moment forgot my horror and misfortune;
I felt suddenly, and for the first time dur-
ing many months, calm and serene joy. I
welcomed my friend, therefore, in the
most cordial manner, and we walked
towards my college.

   Clerval continued talking for some time
about our mutual friends, and his own
good fortune in being permitted to come
to Ingolstadt. "You may easily believe,"
said he, "how great was the difficulty to
persuade my father that all necessary
knowledge was not comprised in the noble
art of bookkeeping; and, indeed, I believe
I left him incredulous to the last, for his
constant answer to my unwearied entreaties
was the same as that of the Dutch school-
master in the Vicar of Wakefield: 'I have
ten thousand florins a year without Greek,
I eat heartily without Greek.’ But his af-
fection for me at length overcame his dis-
like of learning, and he has permitted me
to undertake a voyage of discovery to the
land of knowledge.”

   "It gives me the greatest delight to see
you; but tell me how you left my father,
brothers, and Elizabeth.”

   "Very well, and very happy, only a little
uneasy that they hear from you so seldom.
By the by, I mean to lecture you a little
upon their account myself. But, my dear
Frankenstein,” continued he, stopping
short, and gazing full in my face, "I did
not before remark how very ill you appear;
so thin and pale; you look as if you had
been watching for several nights.”

   "You have guessed right; I have lately
been so deeply engaged in one occupation
that I have not allowed myself sufficient
rest, as you see: but I hope, I sincerely
hope, that all these employments are now
at an end, and that I am at length free.”
I trembled excessively; I could not en-
dure to think of, and far less to allude to,
the occurrences of the preceding night.
I walked with a quick pace, and we soon
arrived at my college. I then reflected,
and the thought made me shiver, that the
creature whom I had left in my apartment
might still be there, alive, and walking
about. I dreaded to behold this monster;
but I feared still more that Henry should
see him. Entreating him, therefore, to
846

WEIRD TALES

remain a few minutes at the bottom of the
stairs, I darted up towards my own room.

  My hand was already on the lode of the
door before I recollected myself. I then
paused; and a cold shivering came over
me. I threw the door forcibly open, as
children are accustomed to do when they
expect a specter to stand in waiting for
them on the other side; but nodiing ap-
peared. I stepped fearfully in: the apart-
ment was empty; and my bedroom was
also freed from its hideous guest. I could
hardly believe that so great a good fortune
could have befallen me; but when I be-
came assured that my enemy had indeed
fled, I clapped my hands for joy, and ran
down to Clerval.

WE ascended into my room, and the
servant presently brought break-
fast; but I was unable to contain myself.
It was not joy only that possessed me; I
felt my flesh tingle with excess of sensi-
tiveness, and my pulse beat rapidly. I was
unable to remain for a single instant in
the same place; I jumped over the chairs,
clapped my hands, and laughed aloud.
Clerval at first attributed my unusual
spirits to joy on his arrival; but when he
observed me more attentively he saw a
wildness in my eyes for which he could
not account; and my loud, unrestrained,
heartless laughter, frightened and aston-
ished him.

  "My dear Victor,” cried he, "what, for
God’s sake, is the matter? Do not laugh
in that manner. How ill you are! What
is the cause of all this?”

  "Do not ask me,” cried I, putting my
hands before my eyes, for I thought I saw
the dreaded specter glide into the room;
"he can tell.—Oh, save me! save me!” I
imagined that the monster seized me; I
struggled furiously, and fell down in a fit.

  Poor Clerval! what must have been his
feelings? A meeting, which he antic-
ipated with such joy, so strangely turned

to bitterness. But I was not the witness
of his grief; for I was lifeless, and did not
recover my senses for a long, long time.

  This was the commencement of a nerv-
ous fever, which confined me for several
months. During all that time Henry was
my only nurse. I afterwards learned that,
knowing my father’s advanced age, and
unfitness for so long a journey, and how
wretched my sickness would make Eliza-
beth, he spared them this grief by con-
cealing the extent of my disorder. He
knew that I could not have a more kind
and attentive nurse than himself; and,
firm in the hope he felt of my recovery,
he did not doubt that, instead of doing
harm, he performed the kindest action
that he could toward them.

  But I was in reality very ill; and surely
nothing but the unbounded and unremit-
ting attentions of my friend could have
restored me to life. The form of the
monster on whom I had bestowed exist-
ence was for ever before my eyes, and I
raved incessantly concerning him. Doubt-
less my words surprized Henry: he at first
believed them to be the wanderings of my
disturbed imagination; but the pertinacity
with which I continually recurred to the
same subject, persuaded him that my dis-
order indeed owed its origin to some un-
common and terrible event.

  By very slow degrees, and with frequent
relapses that alarmed and grieved my
friend, I recovered. I remember the first
time I became capable of observing out-
ward objects with any kind of pleasure, I
perceived that the fallen leaves had dis-
appeared, and that the young buds were
shooting forth from the trees that shaded
my window. It was a divine spring; and
the season contributed greatly to my con-
valescence. I felt also sentiments of joy
and affection revive in my bosom; my
gloom disappeared, and in a short time I
became as cheerful as before I was at-
tacked by the fatal passion.
FRANKENSTEIN

847

  "Deafest Gerval,” exclaimed I, "how
kind, how very good you are to me. This
whole winter, instead of being spent in
study, as you promised yourself, has been
consumed in my sick room. How shall I
ever repay you? I feel the greatest re-
morse for the disappointment of which I
have been the occasion; but you will for-
give me.”

   "You will repay me entirely, if you do
not discompose yourself, but get well as
fast as you can; and since you appear in
such good spirits, I may speak to you on
one subject, may I not?”

  I trembled. One subject! what could
it be? Could he allude to an object on
whom I dared not even think?

  "Compose yourself,” said Clerval, who
observed my change of color, "I will not
mention it, if it agitates you; but your
father and cousin would be very happy if
they received a letter from you in your
own handwriting. They hardly know how
ill you have been, and are uneasy at your
long silence.”

  "Is that all, my dear Henry? How
could you suppose that my first thoughts
would not fly towards those dear, dear
friends whom I love, and who are so de-
serving of my love?”

  "If this is your present temper, my
friend, you will perhaps be glad to see a
letter that has been lying here some days
for you; it is from your cousin, I believe.”

CHAPTER 6

Clerval then put the following letter
into my hands. It was from my own
Elizabeth:

  "My dearest cousin,—You have been
ill, very ill, and even the constant letters
of dear kind Henry are not sufficient to
reassure me on your account. You are
forbidden to write—to hold a pen; yet
one word from you, dear Victor, is neces-
sary to calm our apprehensions. For a

long time I have thought that each post
would bring this line, and my persuasions
have restrained my uncle from undertak-
ing a journey to Ingolstadt. I have pre-
vented his encountering the inconven-
iences and perhaps dangers of so long a
journey; yet how often have I regretted
not being able to perform it myself! I
figure to myself that the task of attending
on your sick bed has devolved on some
mercenary old nurse, who could never
guess your wishes, nor minister to them
with the care and affection of your poor
cousin. Yet that is over now: Clerval
writes that indeed you are getting better.
I eagerly hope that you will confirm this
intelligence soon in your own hand-
writing.

  "Get well—and return to us. You will
find a happy, cheerful home, and friends
who love you dearly. Your father’s health
is vigorous, and be asks but to see you—
but to be assured that you are well; and
not a care will ever cloud his benevolent
countenance. How pleased you would be
to remark the improvement of our Ernest!
He is now sixteen, and full of activity and
spirit. He is desirous to be a true Swiss,
and to enter into foreign service; but we
can not part with him, at least until his
elder brother returns to us. My uncle is
not pleased with the idea of a military
career in a distant country; but Ernest
never had your powers of application. He
looks upon study as an odious fetter; his
time is spent in the open air, climbing the
hills or rowing on the lake. I fear that he
will become an idler unless we yield the
point and permit him to enter on the pro-
fession which he has selected.

  "Little alteration, except the growth of
our dear children, has taken place since
you left us. The blue lake, and snow-
clad mountains, they never change; and
I think our placid home and our contented
hearts are regulated by the same immu-
table laws. My trifling occupations take
848

.WEIRD TALES

up my time and amuse me, and I am re-
warded for any exertions by seeing none
but happy, kind faces around me.

  “Since you left us, but one change has
taken place in our little household. Do
you remember on what occasion Justine
Moritz entered our family? Probably you
do not; I will relate her history, therefore,
in a few words. Madame Moritz, her
mother, was a widow with four children,
of whom Justine was the third. This girl
had always been the favorite of her father;
but, through a strange perversity, her
mother could not endure her, and after
the death of Monsieur Moritz, treated her
very ill. My aunt observed this; and,
when Justine was twelve years of age,
prevailed on her mother to allow her to
live at our house. The republican insti-
tutions of our country have produced
simpler and happier manners than those
which prevail in the great monarchies that
surround it. Hence there is less distinc-
tion between the several classes of its in-
habitants; and the lower orders, being
neither so poor nor so despised, their
manners are more refined and moral. A
servant in Geneva does not mean the same
thing as a servant in France and England.
Justine, thus received in our family, learned
the duties of a servant; a condition which,
in our fortunate country, does not include
the idea of ignorance, and a sacrifice of the
dignity of a human being.

  "Justine, you may remember, was a
great favorite of yours; and I recollect you
once remarked that if you were in an ill-
humor, one glance from Justine could dis-
sipate it, for the same reason that Ariosto
gives concerning the beauty of Angelica
—she looked so frank-hearted and happy.
My aunt conceived a great attachment for
her, by which she was induced to give her
an education superior to that which she
had at first intended. This benefit was
fully repaid; Justine was the most grateful
little creature in the world: I do not mean

that she made any professions; I never
heard one pass her lips; but you could see
by her eyes that she almost adored her
protectress. Although her disposition was
gay, and in many respects inconsiderate,
yet she paid the greatest attention to every
gesture of my aunt. She thought her the
model of all excellence, and endeavored
to imitate her phraseology and manners,
so that even now she often reminds me
of her.

  "When my dearest aunt died, every
one was too much occupied in their own
grief to notice poor Justine, who had at-
tended her during her illness with the
most anxious affection. Poor Justine was
very ill; but other trials were reserved for
her.

  "One by one, her brothers and sister
died; and her mother, with the exception
of her neglected daughter, was left child-
less. The conscience of the woman was
troubled; she began to think that the
deaths of her favorites was a judgment
from heaven to chastise her partiality. She
was a Roman Catholic; and I believe her
confessor confirmed the idea which she
had conceived. Accordingly, a few
months after your departure for Ingol-
stadt, Justine was called home by her re-
pentant mother. Poor girl! she wept when
she quitted our house; she was much al-
tered since the death of my aunt; grief
had given softness and a winning mildness
to her manners, which had before been
remarkable for vivacity. Nor was her
residence at her mother’s house of a na-
ture to restore her gayety. The poor
woman was very vacillating in her re-
pentance. She sometimes begged Justine
to forgive her unkindness, but much of-
tener accused her of having caused the
deaths of her brothers and sister. Per-
petual fretting at length threw Madame
Moritz into a decline, which at first in-
creased her irritability, but she is now at
peace for ever. She died on the first

                    W. T.—8
FRANKENSTEIN

849

approach of cold weather, at the beginning
of this last winter. Justine has returned
to us; and I assure you I love her tenderly.
She is very clever and gentle, and extreme-
ly pretty, as I mentioned before, her mien
and her expressions continually remind
me of my dear aunt.

  "I must say also a few words to you,
my dear cousin, of little darling William.
I wish you could see him; he is very tall
of his age, with sweet laughing blue eyes,
dark eyelashes, and curling hair. When
he smiles, two little dimples appear on
each cheek, which are rosy with health.
He has already had one or two little
wives, but Louisa Biron is his favorite, a
pretty little girl of five years of age.

  "I have written myself into better spir-
its, dear cousin; but my anxiety returns
upon me as I conclude. Write, dearest
Victor—one line—one word will be a
blessing to us. Ten thousand thanks to
Henry for his kindness, his affection, and
his many letters: we are sincerely grateful.
Adieu? my cousin; take care of yourself;
and, I entreat you, write!

Elizabeth Lavenza.

  "Geneva, March 18th, 17—

ear, dear Elizabeth!” I exclaimed,
when I had read her letter, "I will
write instantly, and relieve them from the
anxiety they must feel.” I wrote, and this
exertion greatly fatigued me; but my con-
valescence had commenced, and proceeded
regularly. In another fortnight I was
able to leave my chamber.

  One of my first duties on my recovery
was to introduce Clerval to the several
professors of the university. In doing
this, I underwent a kind of rough usage,
ill befitting the wounds that my mind had
sustained. Ever since the fatal night, the
end of my labors, and the beginning of
my misfortunes, I had conceived a violent
antipathy even to the name of natural phi-
W. T— 9

losophy. When I was otherwise quite
restored to health, the sight of a chemical
instrument would renew all the agony of
my nervous symptoms.

  Henry saw this, and had removed all
my apparatus from my view. He had
also changed my apartment; for he per-
ceived that I had acquired a dislike for the
room which had previously been my lab-
oratory. But these cares of Clerval were
made of no avail when I visited the pro-
fessors. Monsieur Waldman inflicted tor-
ture when he praised, with kindness and
warmth, the astonishing progress I had
made in the sciences. He soon perceived
that I disliked the subject; but not guess-
ing the real cause, he attributed my feel-
ings to modesty, and changed the subject
from my improvement, to the science
itself, with a desire, as I evidently saw, of
drawing me out. What could I do? He
meant to please, and he tormented me. I
felt as if he had placed carefully, one by
one, in my view those instruments which
were to be afterwards used in putting me
to a slow and cruel death. I writhed
under his words, yet dared not exhibit the
pain I felt.

  Clerval, whose eyes and feelings were
always quick in discerning the sensations
of others, declined the subject, alleging,
in excuse, his total ignorance; and the con-
versation took a more general turn. I
thanked my friend from my heart, but I
did not speak. I saw plainly that he was
surprized, but he never attempted to draw
my secret from me; and although I loved
him with a mixture of affection and rev-
erence that knew no bounds, yet I could
never persuade myself to confide to him
that event which was so often present to
my recollection, but which I feared the
detail to another would only impress more
deeply.

  Monsieur Krempe was not equally do-
cile; and in my condition at that time, of
almost insupportable sensitiveness) his
850

WEIRD TALES

harsh blunt encomiums gave me even more
pain than the benevolent approbation of
Monsieur Waldman. "Damn the fel-
low!” cried he; "why, Monsieur Clerval,
I assure you he has outstript us all. Ay,
stare if you please; but it is nevertheless
true. A youngster who, but a few years
ago, believed in Cornelius Agrippa as
firmly as in the gospel, has now set him-
self at the head of the university; and if
he is not soon pulled down, we shall all
be out of countenance. Ay, ay,” con-
tinued he, observing my face expressive
of suffering, "Monsieur Frankenstein is
modest; an excellent quality in a young
man. Young men should be diffident of
themselves, you know, Monsieur Clerval:
I was myself when young; but that wears
out in a very short time.”

  Monsieur Krempe had now commenced
an eulogy on himself, which happily
turned the conversation from a subject
that was so annoying to me.

  Clerval had never sympathized in my
tastes for natural science; and his literary
pursuits differed wholly from those which
had occupied me. He came to the uni-
versity with the design of making himself
complete master of the oriental languages,
as thus he should open a field for the plan
of life he had marked out for himself.
Resolved to pursue no inglorious career,
he turned his eyes'towards the East, as af-
fording scope for his spirit of enterprise.
The Persian, Arabic, and Sanskrit lan-
guages engaged his attention, and I was
easily induced to enter on the same studies.

  Summer passed away in these occupa-
tions, and my return to Geneva was fixed
for the latter end of autumn; but being
delayed by several accidents, winter and
snow arrived, the roads were deemed im-
passable, and my journey was retarded
until the ensuing spring. I felt this delay
very bitterly; for I longed to see my native
town and my beloved friends. My return
had only been delayed so long from an

unwillingness to leave Clerval in a strange
place, before he had become acquainted
with any of its inhabitants. The winter,
however, was spent cheerfully; and al-
though the spring was uncommonly late,
when it came its beauty compensated for
its dilatoriness.

  The month of May had already com-
menced, and I expected the letter daily
which was to fix the date of my departure,
when Henry proposed a pedestrian tour
in the environs of Ingolstadt, that I might
bid a personal farewell to the country I
had so long inhabited. I acceded with
pleasure to this proposition: I was fond of
exercise, and Clerval had always been my
favorite companion in the rambles of this
nature that I had taken among the scenes
of my native country.

  We passed a fortnight in these peram-
bulations: my health and spirits had long
been restored, and they gained additional
strength from the salubrious air I
breathed, the natural incidents of our
progress, and the conversation of my
friend. Study had before secluded me
from the intercourse of my fellow-crea-
tures, and rendered me unsocial; but Cler-
val called forth the better feelings of my
heart; he again taught me to love the as-
pect of nature, and the cheerful faces of
children. Excellent friend! how sincerely
did you love me, and endeavor to elevate
my mind until it was on a level with your
own! A selfish pursuit had cramped and
narrowed me, until your gentleness and
affection warmed and opened my senses; I
became the same happy creature who, a
few years ago, loved and beloved by all,
had no sorrow or care. When happy, in-
animate nature had the power of bestow-
ing on me the most delightful sensations.
A serene sky and verdant fields filled me
with ecstasy. The present season was in-
deed divine; the flowers of spring
bloomed in the hedges, while those of
summer were already in bud. I was un-
FRANKENSTEIN

851

disturbed by thoughts which during the
preceding year had pressed upon me, not-
withstanding my endeavors to throw them
off, with an invincible burden.

  Henry rejoiced in my gayety, and sin-
cerely sympathized in my feelings: he ex-
erted himself to amuse me, while he
expressed the sensations that filled his
soul. The resources of his mind on this
occasion were truly astonishing: his con-
versation was full of imagination; and
very often, in imitation of the Persian and
Arabic writers, he invented tales of won-
derful fancy and passion. At other times
he repeated my favorite poems, or drew
me out into arguments, which he sup-
ported with great ingenuity.

  We returned to our college on a Sunday
afternoon: the peasants were dancing, and
every one we met appeared gay and happy.
My own spirits were high, and I bounded
along with feelings of unbridled joy and
hilarity.

CHAPTER 7

ON my return, I found the following
letter from my father:

  "My dear victor,—You have prob-
ably waited impatiently for a letter to fix
the date of your return to us; and I was
at first tempted to write only a few lines,
merely mentioning the day on which I
should expect you. But that would be a
cruel kindness, and I dare not do it. What
would be your surprize, my son, when
you expected a happy and glad welcome,
to behold, on the contrary, tears and
wretchedness? And how, Victor, can I
relate our misfortune? Absence can not
have rendered you callous to our joys and
griefs; and how shall I inflict pain on my
long absent son? I wish to prepare you
for the woful news, but I know it is im-
possible; even now your eye skims over
the page, to seek the words which are to
convey to you the horrible tidings.

  "William is dead!—that sweet child,
whose smiles delighted and warmed my
heart, who was so gentle, yet so gay!
Victor, he is murdered!

  "I will not attempt to console you; but
will simply relate the circumstances of the
transaction.

  "Last Thursday (May 7th), I, my
niece, and your two brothers, went to walk
in Plainpalais. The evening was warm
and serene, and we prolonged our walk
farther than usual. It was already dusk
before we thought of returning; and then
we discovered that William and Ernest,
who had gone on befoje, were not to be
found. We accordingly rested on a seat
until diey should return. Presently Ernest
came, and inquired if we had seen his
brother: he said that he had been playing
with him, that William had run away to
hide himself, and that he vainly sought
for him, and afterwards waited for him a
long time, but that he did not return.

  "This account rather alarmed us, and
we continued to search for him until night
fell, when Elizabeth conjectured that he
might have returned to the house. He
was not there. We returned again, with
torches; for I could not rest, when I
thought that my sweet boy had lost him-
self, and was exposed to all the damps
and dews of night; Elizabeth also suffered
extreme anguish. About five in the morn-
ing I discovered my lovely boy, whom the
night before I had seen blooming and
active in health, stretched on the grass
livid and motionless: the print of the
murderer's fingers was on his neck.

  "He was conveyed home, and the an-
guish that was visible in my countenance
betrayed the secret to Elizabeth. She was
very earnest to see the corpse. At first I
attempted to prevent her; but she persist-
ed, and entering the room where it lay,
hastily examined the neck of the victim,
and clasping her hands exclaimed, 'O
God! I have murdered my darling child!*
852

WEIRD TALES

  "She fainted, and was restored with ex-
treme difficulty. When she again lived, it
was only to weep and sigh. She told me
that that same evening William had teased
her to let him wear a very valuable minia-
ture that she possessed of your mother.
This picture is gone, and was doubtless the
temptation which urged the murderer to
the deed. We have no trace of him at
present, although our exertions to discov-
er him are unremitted; but they will not
restore my beloved William!

  "Come, dearest Victor; you alone can
console Elizabeth. She weeps continually,
and accuses herself unjustly as the cause
of his death; her words pierce my heart.
We are all unhappy; but will not that be
an additional motive for you, my son, to
return and be our comforter? Your dear
mother! Alas, Victor! I now say, Thank
God she did not live to witness the cruel,
miserable death of her youngest darling!

  "Come, Victor; not brooding thoughts
of vengeance against the assassin, but with
feelings of peace and gentleness, that wili
heal, instead of festering, the wounds of
our minds. Enter the house of mourning,
my friend, but with kindness and affection
for those who love you, and not with
hatred for your enemies.—Your affection-
ate and afflicted father,

Alphonse Frankenstein.

  "Geneva, May 12th, 17—

  Clerval, who had watched my counte-
nance as I read this letter, was surprized to
observe the despair that succeeded to the
joy I at first expressed on receiving news
from my friends. I threw the letter on
the table, and covered my face with my
hands.

  "My dear Frankenstein,” exclaimed
Henry, when he perceived me weep with
bitterness, "are you always to be unhappy?
My dear friend, what has happened?”

  I motioned to him to take up the letter,
while I walked up and down the room in

the extremest agitation. Tears also gushed
from the eyes of Clerval, as he read the
account of my misfortune.

  "I can offer you no consolation, my
friend,” said he; "your disaster is irrepa-
rable. What do you intend to do?”

  "To go instantly to Geneva: come with
me, Henry, to order the horses.”

IT was completely dark when I arrived
in the environs of Geneva; the gates
of the town were already shut; and I was
obliged to pass the night at Secheron, a
village at the distance of half a league
from the city. The sky was serene; and,
as I was unable to rest, I resolved to visit
the spot where my poor William had been
murdered.

  As I could not pass through the town,
I was obliged to cross the Idee in a boat
to arrive at Plainpalais. During this short
voyage I saw the lightnings playing on the
summit of Mont Blanc in the most beau-
tiful figures. The storm appeared to ap-
proach rapidly; and, on landing, I ascend-
ed a low hill, that I might observe its
progress. It advanced; the heavens were
clouded, and I soon felt the rain coming
slowly in large drops, but its violence
quickly increased.

  I quitted my seat, and walked on, al-
though the darkness and storm increased
every minute, and the thunder burst with
a terrific crash over my head. It was
echoed from Saleve, the Juras, and the
Alps of Savoy; vivid flashes of lightning
dazzled my eyes, illuminating the lake,
making it appear like a vast sheet of fire;
then for an instant everything seemed of
a pitchy darkness, until the eye recovered
itself from the preceding flash.

  While I watched the tempest, so beau-
tiful yet terrific, I wandered on with a
hasty step. This noble war in the sky
elevated my spirits; I clasped my hands,
and exclaimed aloud, "William, dear an-
gel! this is thy funeral, this thy dirge!”
FRANKENSTEIN

853

As I said these words, I perceived in the
gloom a figure which stole from behind
a clump of trees near me; I stood fixed,
gazing intently: I could not be mistaken.
A flash of lightning illuminated the ob-
ject, and discovered its shape plainly to
me; its gigantic stature, and the deform-
ity of its aspect, more hideous than be-
longs to humanity, instantly informed me
that it was the wretch, the filthy demon,
to whom I had given life. What did he
there? Could he be (I shuddered at the
conception) the murderer of my brother?
No sooner did that idea cross my imagi-
nation, than I became convinced of its
truth; my teeth chattered, and I was forced
to lean against a tree for support.

  The figure passed me quickly, and I
lost it in the gloom. Nothing in human
shape could have destroyed that fair child.
He was the murderer! I could not doubt
it. The mere presence of the idea was an
irresistible proof of the fact. I thought
of pursuing the devil; but it would have
been in vain, for another flash discovered
him to me hanging among the rocks of
the nearly perpendicular ascent of Mont
Saleve, a hill that bounds Plainpalais on
the south. He soon reached the summit,
and disappeared.

  I remained motionless. The thunder
ceased; but the rain still continued, and
the scene was enveloped in an impen-
etrable darkness. I revolved in my mind
the events which I had until now sought
to forget: the whole train of my progress
towards the creation; the appearance of
the work of my own hands alive at my
bedside; its departure. Two years had
now nearly elapsed since the night on
which he first received life; and was this
his first crime? Alas! I had turned loose
into the world a depraved wretch, whose
delight was in carnage and misery; had he
not murdered my brother?

  No one can conceive the anguish I suf-
fered during the remainder of the night,

which I spent, cold and wet, in the open
air. But I did not feel the inconvenience
of the weather; my imagination was busy
in scenes of evil and despair. I considered
the being whom I had cast among man-
kind, and endowed with the will and
power to effect purposes of horror, such
as the deed which he had now done, nearly
in the light of my own vampire, my own
spirit let loose from the grave, and forced
to destroy all that was dear to me.

  Day dawned; and I directed my steps
towards the town. The gates were open,
and I hastened to my father’s house. My
first thought was to discover what I knew
of the murderer, and cause instant pur-
suit to be made. But I paused when I
reflected on the story that I had to tell. A
being whom I myself had formed, and
endued with life, had met me at midnight
among the precipices of an inaccessible
mountain. I remembered also the nerv-
ous fever with which I had been seized
just at the time that I dated my creation,
and which would give an air of delirium
to a tale otherwise so utterly improbable.
I well knew that if any other communi-
cated such a relation to me, I should have
looked upon it as the ravings of insanity.
Besides, the strange nature of the animal
would elude all pursuit, even if I were
so far credited as to persuade my relatives
to commence it. And then of what use
would be the pursuit? Who could arrest
a creature capable of scaling the over-
hanging sides of Mont Saleve? These re-
flections determined me, and I resolved
to remain silent.

IT was about five in the morning when
I entered my father’s house. I told the
servants not to disturb the family, and
went into the library to attend their usual
hour of rising.

  Six years had elapsed, passed as a dream
but for one indelible trace, and I stood in
the same place where I had last embraced
854

WEIRD TALES

my father before my departure for Ingol-
stadt. Beloved and venerable parent! He
still remained to me. I gazed on the pic-
ture of my mother, which stood over the
mantelpiece. It was an historical subject,
painted at my father’s desire, and repre-
sented Caroline Beaufort in an agony of
despair, kneeling by the coffin of her dead
father. Her garb was rustic, and her
cheek pale; but there was an air of dignity
and beauty that hardly permitted the sen-
timent of pity. Below this picture was a
miniature of William; and my tears
flowed when I looked upon it.

  While I was thus engaged, Ernest en-
tered: he had heard me arrive, and hast-
ened to welcome me. He expressed a sor-
rowful delight to see me: ‘'Welcome, my
dearest Victor,” said he. "Ah! I wish
you had come three months ago, and then
you would have found us all joyous and
delighted! You come to us now to share
a misery which nothing can alleviate; yet
your presence will, I hope, revive our
father, who seems sinking under his mis-
fortune; and your persuasions will induce
poor Elizabeth to cease her vain and tor-
menting self-accusations.—Poor William!
he was our darling and our pride!”

  Tears, unrestrained, fell from my
brother’s eyes; a sense of mortal agony
crept over my frame. Before, I had only
imagined the wretchedness of my des-
olated home; the reality came on me as a
new, and a not less terrible, disaster. I
tried to calm Ernest; I inquired more
minutely concerning my father and her I
named my cousin.

  "She most of all,” said Ernest, "requires
consolation; she accused herself of having
caused the death of my brother, and that
made her very wretched. But since the
murderer has been discovered-”

  "The murderer discovered! Good God!
how can that be? who could attempt to
pursue him? It is impossible; one might
as well try to overtake the winds, or con-

fine a mountain-stream with a straw. I
saw him too; he was free last night!”

  "I do not know what you mean,” re-
plied my brother, in accents of wonder,
“but to us the discovery we have made
completes our misery. No one would
believe it at first; and even now Elizabeth
will not be convinced, notwithstanding all
the evidence. Indeed, who would credit
that Justine Moritz, who was so amiable,
and fond of all the family, could sudden-
ly become capable of so frightful, so
appalling a crime?”

  "Justine Moritz! Poor, poor girl, is she
the accused? But it is wrongfully; every
one knows that; no one believes it, surely,
Ernest?”

  "No one did at first; but several circum-
stances came out, that have almost forced
conviction upon us; and her own behavior
has been so confused, as to add to the
evidence of facts a weight that, I fear,
leaves no hope for doubt. But she will
be tried today, and you will then hear all.”

  He related that, the morning on which
the murder of poor William had been dis-
covered, Justine had been taken ill, and
confined to her bed for several days. Dur-
ing this interval, one of the servants, hap-
pening to examine the apparel she had
worn on the night of the murder, had
discovered in her pocket the picture of
my mother, which had been judged to be
the temptation of the murderer. The
servant instantly showed it to one of the
others, who, without saying a word to
any of the family, went to a magistrate;
and, upon their deposition, Justine was
apprehended. On being charged with the
fact, the poor girl confirmed the suspicion
in a great measure by her extreme confu-
sion of manner.

  This was a strange tale, but it did not
shake my faith; and I replied earnestly,
"You are all mistaken; I know the mur-
derer. Justine, poor, good Justine, is in-
nocent.”
FRANKENSTEIN

855

  At that instant my father entered. I
saw unhappiness deeply impressed on his
countenance, but he endeavored to wel-
come me cheerfully; and, after we had
exchanged our mournful greeting, would
have introduced some other topic than
that of our disaster, had not Ernest ex-
claimed, "Good God, papa! Victor says
that he knows who was the murderer of
poor William.”

  "We do also, unfortunately,” replied
my father; "for indeed I had rather have
been for ever ignorant than have discov-
ered so much depravity and ingratitude in
one I valued so highly.”

  "My dear father, you are mistaken; Jus-
tine is innocent.”

  "If she is, God forbid that she should
suffer as guilty. She is to be tried today,
and I hope, I sincerely hope, that she will
be acquitted.”

  This speech calmed me. I was firmly
convinced in my own mind that Justine,
and indeed every human being, was guilt-
less of this murder. I had no fear, there-
fore, that any circumstantial evidence
could be brought forward strong enough
to convict her. My tale was not one to
announce publicly; its astounding horror
would be looked upon as madness by the
vulgar. Did any one indeed exist, except
me, the creator, who would believe, unless
his senses convinced him, in the existence
of the living monument of presumption
and rash ignorance which I had let loose
upon the world?

  We were soon joined by Elizabeth.
Time had altered her since I last beheld
her; it had endowed her with loveliness
surpassing the beauty of her childish
years. There was the same candor, the
same vivacity, but it was allied to an ex-
pression more full of sensibility and intel-
lect. She welcomed me with the greatest
affection. "Your arrival, my dear cousin,”
said she, "fills me with hope. You perhaps
will find some means to justify my poor

guiltless Justine. Alas! who is safe, if she
be convicted of crime? I rely on her inno-
cence as certainly as I do upon my own.
Our misfortune is doubly hard to us; we
have not only lost that lovely darling boy,
but this poor girl, whom I sincerely love,
is to be tom away by even a worse fate.
If she is condemned, I never shall know
joy more. But she will not, I am sure she
will not; and then I shall be happy again,
even after the sad death of my little Wil-
liam.”

CHAPTER 8

We passed a few sad hours, until
eleven o’clock, when the trial was
to commence. My father and the rest of
the family being obliged to attend as wit-
nesses, I accompanied them to the court.

  During the whole of this wretched
mockery of justice I suffered living tor-
ture. It was to be decided whether the
result of my curiosity and lawless devices
would cause the death of two of my fel-
low-beings: one a smiling babe, full of
innocence and joy; the other far more
dreadfully murdered, with every aggrava-
tion of infamy that could make the mur-
der memorable in horror. Justine also
was a girl of merit, and possessed qual-
ities which promised to render her life
happy: now all was to be obliterated in an
ignominious grave; and I the cause! A
thousand times rather would I have con-
fessed myself guilty of the crime ascribed
to Justine; but I was absent when it was
committed, and such a declaration would
have been considered as the ravings of a
madman, and would not have exculpated
her who suffered through me.

  The appearance of Justine was calm.
She was dressed in mourning; and her
countenance, always engaging, was ren-
dered, by the solemnity of her feelings,
exquisitely beautiful. Yet she appeared
confident in innocence, and did not
tremble, although gazed on and execrated
856

WEIRD TALES

by thousands; for all the kindness which
her beauty might otherwise have excited
was obliterated in the minds of the spec-
tators by the imagination of the enormity
she was supposed to have committed. She
was tranquil, yet her tranquillity was evi-
dently constrained; and as her confusion
had before been adduced as a proof of
her guilt, she worked up her mind to
an appearance of courage. When she
entered the court, she threw her eyes
round it, and quickly discovered where
we were seated. A tear seemed to dim
her eye when she saw us; but she quickly
recovered herself, and a look of sorrow-
ful affection seemed to attest her utter
guiltlessness.

  The trial began; and, after the advocate
against her had stated the charge, several
witnesses were called. Several strange
facts combined against her, which might
have staggered any one who had not such
proof of her innocence as I had. She had
been out the whole of the night on which
the murder had been committed, and to-
wards morning had been perceived by a
market-woman not far from the spot
where the body of the murdered child had
been afterwards found. The woman
asked her what she did there; but she
looked very strangely, and only returned
a confused and unintelligible answer.
She returned to the house about eight
o'clock; and, when one inquired where she
had passed the night, she replied that she
had been looking for the child, and de-
manded earnestly if anything had been
heard concerning him. When shown the
body, she fell into violent hysterics, and
kept her bed for several days. The pic-
ture was then produced, which the servant
had found in her pocket; and when Eliz-
abeth, in a faltering voice, proved that
it was the same which, an hour before the
child had been missed, she had placed
round his neck, a murmur of horror and
indignation filled the court.

  Justine was called on for her defense.
As the trial had proceeded, her counte-
nance had altered. Surprize, horror, and
misery were strongly expressed. Some-
times she struggled with her tears; but,
when she was desired to plead, she col-
lected her powers, and spoke, in an au-
dible, although variable voice.

  "God knows,” she said, "how entirely
I am innocent. But I do not pretend that
my protestations should acquit me: I rest
my innocence on a plain and simple ex-
planation of the facts which have been
adduced against me; and I hope the char-
acter I have always borne will incline my
judges to a favorable interpretation, where
any circumstance appears doubtful or sus-
picious.”

  She then related that, by the permission
of Elizabeth, she had passed the evening
of the night on which the murder had
been committed at the house of an aunt
at Chene, a village situated at about a
league from Geneva. On her return, at
about nine o'clock, she met a man, who
asked her if she had seen anything of die
child who was lost. She was alarmed by
this account, and passed several hours in
looking for him, when the gates of Ge-
neva were shut, and she was forced to
remain several hours of the night in a barn
belonging to a cottage, being unwilling to
call up the inhabitants, to whom she was
well known. Most of the night she spent
here watching; towards morning she be-
lieved that she slept for a few minutes;
some steps disturbed her, and she awoke.
It was dawn, and she quitted her asylum,
that she might again endeavor to find my
brother. If she had gone near the spot
where his body lay, it was without her
knowledge. That she had been bewil-
dered when questioned by the market-
woman was not surprizing, since she had
passed a sleepless night, and the fate of
poor William was yet uncertain. Coa-
FRANKENSTEIN

857

earning the picture she could give no
account.

  "I know,” continued the unhappy vic-
tim, "how heavily and fatally this one cir-
cumstance weighs against me, but I have
no power of explaining it; and when I
have expressed my utter ignorance, I am
only left to conjecture concerning the
probabilities by which it might have been
placed in my pocket. But here also I am
checked. I believe that I have no enemy
on earth, and none surely would have
been so wicked as to destroy me wantonly.
Did the murderer place it there? I know
of no opportunity afforded him for so
doing; or, if I had, why should he have
stolen the jewel, to part with it again so
soon?

  "I commit my cause to the justice of my
judges, yet I see no room for hope. I beg
permission to have a few witnesses ex-
amined concerning my character; and if
their testimony shall not overweigh my
supposed guilt, I must be condemned, al-
though I would pledge my salvation on
my innocence.”

  Several witnesses were called, who had
known her for many years, and they spoke
well of her; but fear and hatred of the
crime of which they supposed her guilty
rendered them timorous, and unwilling to
come forward.

  My own agitation and anguish was ex-
treme during the whole trial. I believed
in her innocence; I knew it. Could the
demon, who had (I did not for a minute
doubt) murdered my brother, also in his
hellish sport have betrayed the innocent
to death and ignominy? I could not
sustain the horror of my situation; and
when I perceived that the popular voice,
and the countenances of the judges, had
already condemned my unhappy victim, I
rushed out of court in agony. The tor-
tures of the accused did not equal mine;
she was sustained by innocence, but the

fangs of remorse tore my bosom, and
would not forego their hold.

I passed a night of unmingled wretched-
ness. In the morning I went to the
court; my lips and throat were parched.
I dared not ask the fatal question; but I
was known, and the officer guessed the
cause of my visit. The ballots had been
thrown; they were all black, and Justine
was condemned.

  I can not pretend to describe what I
then felt. I had before experienced sen-
sations of horror; and I have endeavored
to bestow upon them adequate expres-
sions, but words can not convey an idea
of the heart-sickening despair that I then
endured. The person to whom I ad-
dressed myself added that Justine had
already confessed her guilt. "That ev-
idence,” he observed," was hardly required
in so glaring a case, but I am glad of it;
and, indeed, none of our judges like to
condemn a criminal upon circumstantial
evidence, be it ever so decisive.”

  This was strange and unexpected intel-
ligence; what could it mean? Had my
eyes deceived me? And was I really as
mad as the whole world would believe me
to be, if I disclosed the object of my sus-
picions? I hastened to return home, and
Elizabeth eagerly demanded the result.

   "My cousin,” replied I, "it is decided as
you may have expected; all judges had
rather that ten innocent should suffer,
than that one guilty should escape. But
she has confessed.”

  This was a dire blow to poor Elizabeth,
who had relied with firmness upon Jus-
tine's innocence. "Alas!” said she, "how
shall I ever again believe in human good-
ness? Justine, whom I loved and esteemed
as my sister, how could she put on those
smiles of innocence only to betray? Her
mild eyes seemed incapable of any sever-
ity or guile, and yet she has committed a
murder."
858

WEIRD TALES

  Soon after we heard that the poor vic-
tim had expressed a desire to see my
cousin. My father wished her not to go;
but said that he left it to her own judg-
ment and feelings to decide. "Yes,” said
Elizabeth, "I will go, although she is
guilty; and you, Victor, shall accompany
me: I can not go alone.”

   The idea of this visit was torture to me,
yet I could not refuse.

WE entered the gloomy prison-
chamber, and beheld Justine sitting
on some straw at the farther end; her
hands were manacled, and her head rested
on her knees. She rose on seeing us enter;
and when we were left alone with her, she
threw herself at the feet of Elizabeth,
weeping bitterly. My cousin wept also.

  "Oh, Justine!” said she, "why did you
rob me of my last consolation? I relied on
your innocence; and although I was then
very wretched, I was not so miserable as I
am now.”

  "And do you also believe that I am so
very, very wicked? Do you also join
with my enemies to crush me, to condemn
me as a murderer?” Her voice was suf-
focated with sobs.

  "Rise, my poor girl,” said Elizabeth,
"why do you kneel, if you are innocent?
I am not one of your enemies; I believed
you guiltless, notwithstanding every evi-
dence, until I heard that you had yourself
declared your guilt. That report, you say,
is false; and be assured, dear Justine, that
nothing can shake my confidence in you
for a moment, but your own confession.”
"I did confess; but I confessed a lie. I
confessed, that I might obtain absolution;
but now that falsehood lies heavier at my
heart than all my other sins. The God of
heaven forgive me! Ever since I was con-
demned, my confessor has besieged me;
he threatened and menaced, until I almost
began to think that I was the monster that
he said I was. He threatened excommu-

nication and hellfire in my last moments,
if I continued obdurate. Dear lady, I had
none to support me; all looked on me as a
wretch doomed to ignominy and perdi-
tion. What could I do? In an evil hour
I subscribed to a lie; and now only am I
truly miserable.”

  She paused, weeping, and then con-
tinued—"I thought with horror, my sweet
lady, that you should believe your Jus-
tine, whom your blessed aunt had so
highly honored, and whom you loved,
was a creature capable of a crime which
none but the devil himself could have
perpetrated. Dear William! dearest bles-
sed child! I soon shall see you again in
heaven, where we shall all be happy; and
that consoles me, going as I am to suffer
ignominy and death.”

  "Oh, Justine! forgive me for having
for one moment distrusted you. Why
did you confess? But do not mourn, dear
girl. Do not fear. I will proclaim, I will
prove your innocence. I will melt the
stony hearts of your enemies by my tears
and prayers. You shall not die!—You,
my playfellow, my companion, my sister,
perish on the scaffold! No! no! I never
could survive so horrible a misfortune.”
Justine shook her head mournfully. "I
do not fear to die,” she said; "that pang
is past. God raises my weakness, and
gives me courage to endure the worst. I
leave a sad and bitter world; and if you
remember me, and think of me as of one
unjustly condemned, I am resigned to the
fate awaiting me. Learn from me, dear
lady, to submit in patience to the will of
Heaven!”

During this conversation I had retired
to a corner of the prison-room, where
I could conceal the horrid anguish that
possessed me. Despair! Who dared talk
of that? The poor victim, who on the
morrow was to pass the awful boundary
(Please turn to page 862)
WEIRD TALES

859

The Eyrie

(Continued from page 724)

long out of print. Witness these characteristic titles: Jewel of Seven Stars, Lair of
the White Worm, Lady of the Shroud, Mystery of the Sea. Was Dracula’s Guest,
which you published in Weird Tales some years back, a part of the book of that
same title? If so, could the rest be published instead of the original Dracula?” [Drac-
ula’s Guest was written by Stoker as part of his novel Dracula, but was omitted
from Dracula because of the great length that novel had already reached. It was
reprinted in Weird Tales in the issue of December, 1927.—The Editors.]

    Writes W. W. Green, Jr., of Washington, Kansas: "I was elated to see in
the April issue that you are going to publish Frankenstein. I have been thinking
ever since that famous talkie was released that if Weird Tales would print that
story it would be just about right. And I don’t think very many readers would kick
if you printed Dracula.”

    A letter from Glenn Smith, of Chicago, says: "I’ve read your Weird Tales
since I was knee-high to a grasshopper. I’ve relished it with greater pleasure with my
increasing years. Through it I acquired the incentive to inquire at the public library
about other writers of weird tales of the past. Thus I became a lover of the writ-
ings of such as Poe, Bierce, and all the others, as well as our moderns, Blackwood and
Machen. I am writing to say I hope you discontinue your policy of reprinting weird
fiction that anybody can get at the public library. I regard it as a waste of space;
for who is there who can’t go to the library to get Dracula or Frankenstein, and
such? If you must reprint, I suggest reprinting the inimitable stories that modern
writers have written for Weird Tales itself. One of the greatest novels I’ve read
in your pages was On the Dead Man’s Chest, by Eli Colter.”

    Linus Hogenmiller, of Farmington, Missouri, writes to the Eyrie: "Let me
voice the plea of myself and many others in asking most insistently that you pub-
lish Dracula after Frankenstein is completed. Certainly even those who have read
it will be glad to see it again in Weird Tales. Give us some good German and
French weird stories, and publish serially some long reprints of the cream of weird
tales from over the globe. I am only one of those late readers who have never read
Lovecraft’s earlier masterpieces. Are you going to reprint them and other equally
famous classics of weird lore?”

     "I was pleasantly surprized by the announcement that you were going to reprint
Frankenstein,” writes Frederick B. Shroyer, of Decatur, Indiana. "Why not, after
this story comes to an end, keep up the good work and print another scientific mas-
terpiece of the past? I am sure they would be received with enthusiasm by your
readers.”

     "I am not in favor of having reprints,” writes Hyman Vinunsky, of Cleveland.
"You see, I’ve read these reprint stories before they were put, in Weird Tales. I
have read them in books taken from the library in my city. I’ve already read Frank-
enstein and Dracula. So why should I read over reprints when I’ve read them before?
I say put in an original new story in place of the reprint.”

    Warren Greenspan, of Yonkers, New York, writes: "I see that you are won-
860

WEIRD TALES

dering what to do about reprints. I think that the readers would rather have re-
prints from back issues of Weird Tales rather than elsev^ere. I can easily get Drac-
ula and Frankenstein in book form. Many of your new readers would like reprints
from Weird Tales. Some reprints I would like to see soon are: The Bird People
and The Bride of Osiris, both by Otis Adelbert Kline (his Tam, Son of the Tiger,
was a rattling good story), and The Woman of the Wood hy A.. M.zmtt.”

    Writes Donald Allgeier, of Mountain Grove, Missouri: "I am one of the un-
fortunates who have never read either Dracula or Frankenstein. Not only that, but
our local theater has never shown the picturized version. Thus it is that I hail the
coming of Frankenstein to your magazine with great delight, and hope you will fol-
low it up with Dracula and others. Your reprint department is one of the most inter-
esting features of your magazine.”

     Emil Petaja, of Milltown, Montana, writes: "I am very glad to hear that you are
going to publish Frankenstein in the reprints; but I do hope that you will not pub-
lish Dracula, as I have read it, and I think that most of the readers of Weird Tales
have also. I think it would be a good plan to publish stories out of back issues of
Weird Tales in the reprints, as new readers will enjoy reading stories by their favor-
ite authors.”

    "The Wolf-Leader by Alexandre Dumas proved to be one of the best weird
tales I have ever read,” writes D. A. Arnone, of Jamestown, New York. "But The
Devil’s Bride, by Mr. Quinn, is so far the best story that has ever been printed in
Weird Tales. As for Frankenstein and Dracula, they are fine stories, but not for
reprints.”

     Readers, what is your favorite story in this issue of Weird Tales? Lovecraft’s
graveyard tale, In the Vault, is in a close struggle with the third installment of Sea-
bury Quinn’s novel, The Devil’s Bride, for first place in popularity among all the sto-
ries in our April issue, with Nictzin Dyalhis’ story, The Red Witch, close behind.

MY FAVORITE STORIES IN THE JUNE WEIRD TALES ARE:

Story	Remarks

(1)---------,--------------------------------------------

(2)-----------------------------------------------------
(3)---------------------------- --------------------------

                            I do not like the following stories:

(1)____________________________ Why?____________________

(2)----------------------------

It will help us to know what kind of stories	j	_ , ,	.,

                   .,	...	I	Readers name and address:

you want in We»rd Tales if you will	j

fill out this coupon and mail it to The	{----------------------------------

Eyrie, Weird Tales, 840 N. Michigan Ave.,	J

Chicago, 111.	I
  Coming Next Month

ON THE floor lay Don’s body. It looked like that of a dead man. To all ap-
pearance there was no life in it. Don did not seem to be breathing, and his
face had the yellow, waxen color of death. Godfrey Moore spurned the body
with his foot and laughed.

   "He’s dead!” exclaimed Abner Wells. The scholar, the elegant "blue-stocking,”
had a horror of death, especially of the sight of a dead person, that he had never been able to
overcome.

   "Not dead, but sleeping,” laughed Moore. "No, my dear Abner, Wentworth’s
soul is still attached to the body by a tenuous bond, and very much bewildered just at
present. However, by the time I have need of it, it will be sufficiently awake for my
purposes.”

   "And the girl?” stammered Abner.

   "Ah, she is in the same condition in a soom upstairs. Would you like to have a look
at her? No? I find that I can best command the presence of our friend West when
her astral is entirely removed, like Wentworth’s. In fact, I am thinking* of sending West to
assist Wentworth in the killing I have planned, for Wentworth is unusually obtuse, and West
will be a very willing counsellor.”

   "How—now are you going to do it?”

    "I shall send Wentworth’s astral to an apartment, where he will leave astral counterparts of
his fingerprints all over the place. He will kill a certain man by the explosion of a certain amount
of psychic force and rob the place of any valuables of a portable nature.

    "Meanwhile I shall revive Wentworth, reunite his soul to his body, and send him into Can-
nonville, somewhat dazed, to be picked up by the police. Come, let us see what the Akashic
mirror says.” . . .

    This astounding novel of Black Magic, eery murders, and the kingdom of shadows, with its
breath-taking events and its swift movement, will begin in next month’s issue. Don’t fail to read it.

The Phantom Hand

By VICTOR ROUSSEAU

—ALSO—

      WINGS IN THE NIGHT	THE CITY OF CRAWLING DEATH

By Robert E. Howard	By Hugh B. Cave

A red rain fell from the sky. A story of Dark-	Ants—droves of them—as big as panthers—ants

est Africa ana nightmare realities with slaver-	that made slaves of men and threatened civil-

ing fangs and talons steeped in shuddersome evil	ization with destruction.

—a tale of Solomon Kane.

THE THOUGHT-DEVIL	THE PLANET OF PEACE

By A. W. Calder	By Arlton Eadie

The story of a writer of gangster tales whose The strange story of a man from Earth on a
villainous creation threatened to loose a dread- planet which was inhabited solely by beautiful
ful horror upon the world.	women.

  THE MAN WHO NEVER CAME BACK	„ ,	, .	. . f „ ,

„ _ . XT „	Also, the smashing conclusion of Seabury

By Pearl Norton Swet	Quinn^ fascinating serial, THE DEVIL’S

A strange thrill-tale of the leopard-men of BRIDE, and another thrilling installment of
Africa—a shuddery story of a weird horror. FRANKENSTEIN.

July WEIRD TALES Out June 1

                                                                                        861
862

WEIRD TALES

Frankenstein

(Continued from page 858)

between life and death, felt not as I did,
such deep and bitter agony. I gnashed
my teeth, and ground them together, ut-
tering a groan that came from my inmost
soul. Justine started. When she saw
who it was, she approached me, and said,
"Dear sir, you are very kind to visit me;
you, I hope, do not believe that I am
guilty?”

  I could not answer. "No, Justine,” said
Elizabeth; "he is more convinced of your
innocence than I was; for even when he
heard that you had confessed, he did not
credit it.”

  "I truly thank him. In these last mo-
ments I feel thesincerest gratitude towards
those who think of me with kindness.
How sweet is the affection of others to
such a wretch as I am! It removes more
than half my misfortune; and I feel as if

I	could die in peace, now that my inno-
cence is acknowledged by you, dear lady,
and your cousin.”

  Thus the poor sufferer tried to comfort
others and herself. She indeed gained the
resignation she desired. But I, the true
murderer, felt the never-dying worm alive
in my bosom, which allowed of no hope
or consolation. Elizabeth also wept, and
was unhappy; but hers also was the misery
of innocence, which, like a cloud that
passes over the fair moon, for a while
hides but can not tarnish its brightness.
Anguish and despair had penetrated into
the core of my heart; I bore a hell within
me, which nothing could extinguish.

  We stayed several hours with Justine;
and it was with great difficulty that Eliza-
beth could tear herself away. "I wish,”
cried she, "that I were to die with you;

I	can not live in this world of misery.”

  Justine assumed an air of cheerfulness,
while she with difficulty repressed her bit-
ter tears. She embraced Elizabeth, and

blATKMKNT OF THE OWNERSHIP, MAN-
AGEMENT, CIRCULATION, BTC., RE-
QUIRED BY THE ACT OF CONGKE88
OF AUGUST 24, 1912,

Of Weird Tales, published monthly at Indianap-
olis. Indiana, for April 1, 1932.

State of Illinois \

County of Cook / s3‘

  Before me, a notary public in and for the State
and county aforesaid. personally appeared Wm. R.
Sprenger, who, haying been duly sworn according
to law, deposes and says that he is the Business
Manager of the Weird Tales and that the fol-
lowing is, to the best of his knowledge and belief,
a true statement of the ownership, management
(and if a daily paper, the circulation), etc., of the
aforesaid publication for the date shown in the
above caption required by the Act of August 24.
1912, embodied in section 411, Postal Laws and
Regulations, printed on the reverse of this form,
to wit:

  1.	That the names and addresses of the pub-
lisher, editor, managing editor, and business man-
ager are:

  Publisher—Popular Fiction Publishing Company,
2457 E. Washington St., Indianapolis, Ind.

  Editor—Farnsworth Wright, 840 N. Michigan
Ave., Chicago. 111.

  Managing Editor—None.

  Business Manager—William R. Sprenger, *40 N.
Michigan Ave., Chioago, 111.

  2.	That the owner is: (If owned by a corpora-
tion, its name and address must be stated and also
Immediately thereunder the names and addresses
of stockholders owning or holding one per cent or
more of total amount of stock. If not owned by a
corporation, the names and addresses of the Indi-
vidual owners must be given. If owned by a Arm,
company, or other unincorporated concern, its name
and address, as well as those of each individual
member must be given.)

  Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 B.
Washington St., Indianapolis, Ind.

  Wm. R. Sprenger, 810 N. Michigan Ave., Chi-
cago, III.

  Farnsworth Wright, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chi-
cago, 111.

  George M. Cornelius, 2457 E. Washington St., In-
dianapolis, Indiana.

  George H. Cornelius, 2467 E. Washington St.,
Indianapolis, Indiana.

  P. W. Cornelius. 2457 E. Washington St., Indian-
apolis, Indiana.

  3.	That the known bondholders, mortgagees, and
other security holders owning or holding 1 per cent
or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages, or
other securities are: (If there are none, so state).
None.

  4.	That the two paragraphs next above, giving
the names of the owners, stockholders, and secu-
rity holders, If any, contain not only the list of
stockholders and security holders as they appear
upon the books of the company, but also, in cases
where the stockholder or security holder appears
upon the books of the company as trustee or in any
other fiduciary relation, the name of the person or
corporation for whom such trustee is acting, ia
given; also that the said two paragraphs contain
statements embracing affiant’s full knowledge and
belief as to the circumstances and conditions under
which stockholders and security holders who do not
appear upon the books of the company as trustees,
hold stock and securities In a capacity other than
that of a bona fide owner; and this affiant has no
reason to believe that any other person, association,
or corporation has any Interest, direct or indirect,
in the said stock, bonds, or other securities than
as so stated by him.

  5.	That the average number of copies of each
issue of this publication sold or distributed, through
the malls or otherwise, to paid subscribers during
the six months preceding the date shown above

is--------- (This information is required from

daily publications only.)

                    WM. R. SPRENGER.

Business Manager.

  Sworn to and subscribed before me this 23d day
Of March, 1*32. RICHARD S. GOULDEN.

 [SEAL]	Notary Public.

  My commission expires May '3, 1934.
WEIRD TALES

863

said, in a voice of half-suppressed emo-
tion, "Farewell, sweet lady, dearest Eliza-
beth, my beloved and only friend; may
Heaven, in its bounty, bless and preserve
you; may this be the last misfortune that
you will ever suffer! Live, and be happy,
and make others so.”

  And on the morrow Justine died. Eliz-
abeth’s heartrending eloquence failed to
move the judges from their settled con-
viction in the criminality of the saintly suf-
ferer. My passionate and indignant ap-
peals were lost upon them. And when I
received their cold answers, and heard the

harsh unfeeling reasoning of these men,
my purposed avowal died away on my
lips. Thus I might proclaim myself a
madman, but not revoke the sentence
passed upon my wretched victim. She
perished on the scaffold as a murderess!

  From the tortures of my own heart, I
turned to contemplate the deep and voice-
less grief of my Elizabeth. TTiis also was
my doing! And my father’s wo, and the
desolation of that late so smiling home—
all was the work of my thrice-accursed
hands! Ye weep, unhappy ones; but these
(Continued on next page)

 FREE!

 AMAZING

 BOOKLET

  Thought
  Transference
  Unusual Power,

#r«*d these testimonial letter* Iron Telepathy
“Getting remits in butlnett. .Business good.”—St. JoMfh. Midi.
‘'Secured portion.’*—M«u*ton., »U«ed it to pet money."—Momence. III.
“Collected a debt owed me for two year*.”—Portage. Pa.

 INVESTIGATE TELEPATHY! Send lor a FREE amazing booklet that H causing a aeiuation ai
 faats. the itlHt i» creatin* has torpaued all expectations, “................

 ’San in bad company. After I sent my thoughts to I
 had no pleasure away from home."—New Orleans. La.

 “The mao of whom we bought home changed bis mind about lot
 lot. He hardly knows why, but wa do."—New Baltimore. Mich.

ing booklet that Is causing a sensation among men and women. Due to ita unusual coo-
This booklet will be sent to you FREE of charge or oMIpatlon. 8end for it today!

 I AVE.. DEPT. 142, LOS ANGELES. CALIFORNIA

 PATY CO., 618 SOUTH WESTERN

QUIT

TOBACCO

 No man or woman can escape the
 harmful effects of tobacco. Don't tty
 to banish unaided the bold tobacco	.

 has upon you. Join the thousands of -Jl

 Inveterate tobacco users that have, sra _

 found it easy to quit with the old ol the Keeley Treatment.

                   Treatment For
                   Tobacco Habit

                           Successful For
 _______Over SO Years

  Quickly banishes all craving for tobacco. Write today for Free
  Book telling how to quickly Free yourself from the tobacco
  bafcK and our Money Back Guarantee.

 jJSfiSSSSJBJSSIiJSLttiUJfiSfiyBsi

KEELEY

   MAKE EXTRA MONEY EAST

     No experience needed to act as our^
       representative in your locality
       for Master Coveralls. Shop
       Coats. Pants and Shirts and
       white and whip cord Uniforms.

       Easy, pleasant work. You re-
     ceive pay daily in big Cash com-
     missions. Call on garages, service
     stations, dairies, barbers, gro-
     cers, butchers, etc. Advertising
     on back of garments offer big sales
     possibilities. You can easily add
     up to $48.00 weekly to your reg-
     ular income. We supply everything
     ^ needed to start immediately. Write
     at once for FREE samples and full
     particulars.	Geo.

Master Garment Co., Dept. 335. Ligonier, lad. ’

Be a Real leader

|PSYCH<  j analysis!              
r FREE ' k Will enable You to be* 
LCOURSE  f come a master of men   
                                ■ 
                       Psycho-Analysis reveals the un-
                       conscious motives underlying hu-
                       man behavior. This knowledge
                       increases your latent power and
                       influence, banishes mental dis-
                       cord and inefficiency, and enables
                       you to understand the thoughts
                       and control the action of others.

              GET THE PROOF
              NO COST TO YOU

          Just to prove to you how Psycho-Analysis has
  been simplified for home study, what a fasci-
  nating study it is, and how it will help you,
  a comprehensive course will bo sent you, post-
  paid, ABSOLUTELY PREE. Don't lose this
  great opportunity through neglect. Write today
  for amazing facts about this wonderful science
  which means so much to humanity. Send no
  money. Get the FREE course and judge for
  yourself. The course is FREE. Just clip this
  ad, sign name and address below and inclose in
  envelope with 4c in stamps to pay postage.

      AMERICAN UNIVERSITY

Ntme---------------------------------------

Street--------------------------------------

Town_________________State------------------

 Dept. 329, 510 N. Dearborn St., Chicago, IB.

HYPNOTIZE— INSTRUCTION BOOK NOW 10c.

 DeSala, 2618W. Portland, Louisville, Ky.

BACK ISSUES

 For complete list and prices write to Weird Tales,
 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, 111.
864	WEIRD TALES

NEXT MONTH

The City of
Crawling Death

By HUGH B. CAVE

An astounding story is this—a story
«. of giant ants—droves of them—
as big as panthers — ants that made
slaves of men and threatened civiliza-
tion with destruction.

Here is a story that will thrill you
and send ripples of horripilation
down your spine. In the South Amer-
ican jungles were developed this freak
race of gigantic insects. What they
did, and the menace against humanity
that their existence offered, makes a
fascinating tale of shuddeiy horror.
The story will be printed complete in
the

July issue of

WEIRD TALES

On sale June 1st

To avoid missing your copy, clip and mail this
coupon today for SPECIAL SUBSCRIPTION
OFFER.

WEIBD TALES
840 N. Michigan Aye.,

Chicago, 111.

Enclosed find *1.00 for which send me the next
five issues of WEIRD TALES to begin with the
July issue ($1.76 in Canada). Speeial offer void
unless remittance is accompanied by coupon.

Name_______________________________________

Ctty_______________State_______—

   (Continued from preceding page)

are not your last tears! Again shall you
raise the funeral wail, and the sound of
your lamentations shall again and again
be heard! Frankenstein, your son, your
kinsman, your early, much-loved friend;
he who would spend each vital drop of
blood for your sakes—who has no thought
nor sense of joy, except as it is mirrored
also in your dear countenances—who
would fill the air with blessings, and
spend his life in serving you—he bids you
weep—to shed countless tears; happy be-
yond his hopes, if thus inexorable fate be
satisfied, and if the destruction pause be-
fore the peace of the grave have succeeded
to your sad torments!

   Thus spoke my prophetic soul, as, tom
by remorse, horror, and despair, I beheld
those I loved spend vain sorrow upon the
graves of William and Justine, the first
hapless victims to my unhallowed arts.

(To be continued next month)

Coming Soon

Buccaneers
of Venus

By

  OTIS ADELBERT KLINE

Watch for this startling
weird-scientific novel
in WEIRD TALES

W. T—9
Missing Page: Inside Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
A Ghostly Voice from the Ether

Threatened the Lives
of all Mankind

                            <rv=s=P

You will want to know the answer to thi?
question. Read "The Moon Terror,” the
most enthralling fantastic-mystery story of the
age. And you can get this splendid book
FREE.

Special Offer

   For a limited time only, we offer this book
to you without cost, with each subscription
to WEIRD TALES for six months. Sim-
ply send $1.50, the regular six months’
subscription price for WEIRD TALES,
and this book is yours without further
cost. You receive the magazine for six

months and this book is sent to you free
of charge.

Limited Supply

This offer may be withdrawn at any time,
so we advise you to order now. Remember,
the supply of books is limited. Send today!

WEIRD TALES

840 N. Michigan Ave., Dept. S-21. Chicago, 111.

!	WEIRD TALES, Dept. S-21,

|	840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, 111.

j	I enclose $1.50. Send at once, postage prepaid,

'	the book "The Moon Terror,” and enter my sub-

|	scription to WEIRD TALES for six months to

'	begin with the October issue. It is understood this

|	$1.50 is payment in full.

I Name-------------------------------------------

| Address-----------------------------------------

1 City______________________________State---------

    The first warning of the stupen-
    dous cataclysm that befell the
    earth in the fourth decade of the
    Twentieth Century was recorded
    simultaneously in several parts of
    America. At twelve minutes past 3
    o’clock a. m., during a lull in the
    night’s aerial business, several of
    the larger stations of the Western
    hemisphere began picking up
    strange signals out of the ether.
    They were faint and ghostly, as if
    coming from a vast distance. As
    far as anyone could learn, the sig-
    nals originated nowhere upon the
    earth. It was as if some phantom
    were whispering through the ether
    in the language of another planet.

Who Was This Dictator of Destiny?