Entered at the Post Office at New York, .V. Y., as Sccoiui Class Matter.

  "KIr\ 1 /rnHPinrl FRANK TOUSEY. Vublishku.3) & 38 Nohth MoonK Stkkkt. Sbw York. / ritlCK 1 tr 1 T
  •WO. 1. ^ vuBrLBic.1	Sow York, September a, 1882.	Issukd Weekly.	\a CKSTB.) ■ •

   Entered according to the Act of Congress, fit the i/enr 1892, by FltASK TOUSEY, in the office of tMLibrarian of Conurcss. at lYashinglon. 1). c

“ N oname’s 99

Latest anti

in

This Lal>i'm\y .

Best

are JPublishecI

2

FRANK READE, JR., A Iff) HIS NEW STEAM MAN.

The Subscription Price of the Frank Rkadk Library by the year is $2.50: $1.25 per six months post-paid.

                           TOUSBY, Publisiikr, 34 and 36 North Moore Street, New York. Box .Si JO.

Address FRANK

Frank Reade Jr., and His New Steam Man;

                                       OR,

    THE YOUNG INVENTOR’S TRIP TO THE FAR WEST,

                  By “NONAME”

         Author of “ Frank Reade Jr.'s Electric Cyclone; or, Thrilling Adventures in No Man's Land," etc.

CHAPTER I.

A GREAT WRONG.

 Frank Reade was noted the world over as a wonderful and distin-
 guished inventor of marvelous macliines in the line of steam and
 electricity. But he bad grown old and nimble to knock about the
 world, as’ he had been wont once to do.

 So it happened that his son. Frank Reade, Jr., a handsome and
 talented young man, succeeded his father as a great Inventor, even
 excelling him" in variety aud complexity of invention. The son
 speedily outstripped his sire.

 The great machine shops in Reodeslown were enlarged by young
 Frank, and new Dying machines, electric wonders, and so forth, were
 brought into being.

 But the elder Frank would maintain that, inasmuch as electricity
 .it the lime was an undeveloped factor, his invention of the Steam
 Man was really the most wonderful of all.

 “ It cannot bo improved upon," he declared, positively. “Not ir
 steam is used as a motive power.”

Frank. Jr., laughed quietly, nnd patted his father on the back.

 ■■ l)ad,” he said, with an affectionate, though bantering air, “ what
 would yen think If I should produce a most remarkable improvement
 upon your Steam Man!"

 •• You can't do it!" declared the senior Reade.	'

 Frank, Jr., said no more, but smiled in a signi Scant manner. One
 day later, the doors of the secret druughling-room of design were
 lightly locked and young Frank came forth only to his meals.

 For’ three months this matter of closed doora continued. In the
 machine shop department, where the parts of machinery were secretly
 put together, the ring of hammers might have been heard, and a big
 sign was upon the door:

 No admittance!

 Thus matters were when one evening Frank left his arduous duties
 to spend a lew hours with Ills W|fe and little bov.

 But just as he was passing out of the yard, adnrky, short in stature
 ana of genial features, rushed excitedly up to him.

 ••Oh, Marse Frank," cried the sable servitor, "Jes' wait one mo-
 ment!”

 •' Well. Pomp,” said Frank, pleasantly, "what can I do for your'
 The darky, who was a faithful servant of the Reades, and had ac-
 companied both on their tours in foreign lands, ducked bis head, with
 a grin, and replied:

 “ Yo’ fader wants yo’, Marse Frank, jes’ as quick as ebcr yo* kin
 come!”

     My father,” exclaimed Frank, quickly. “ What is it’”

 “ I don' know nufllu’ 'bout it tall, Marse Frank. He jes’ say fo' me
 to tell yo' he want [o' to see yo'."

 •• Where is lie?”

 “In his library, sab."

 “ All right, Pomp. Tell him I will come at once.”

 The darky darted away. Frank saw that the doors to the secret
 rooms were locked. This was a wise precaution for hosts of cranks
 and demented inventors were always hovering about the place and
 would quickly have stolen the designs if they could have got at them.

 Not leu minutes later Frank entered the library where his father
 was.

The elder Reade wps pacing np and down in great excitement.

     Well, my son, you have come at last!” he cried. “ I have much
 wanted to see you.”

 “ I am at your service, father.” replied Frank. “ What is it?”

 *• I want you to tell me what kind of a machine you have been get-
 ting up."

 •* Come now, that's not fair,” said Frank Jr. with twinkling eyes.
 “ Well, if it's auy kind of a machine that can travel over the prairies
 tell me so," cried the elder Reade, excitedly.

 Frank, Jr., was at a loss to exactly understand what hi3 father was
 driving at. However, he repliod:

 “ Well, I may safely say that it is. Now explaio yourself.”

 " I will," replied the senior Keade. "Ibave a matter of great im-
 portance lo give you, Frank, my boy. If your invention Is as good o>
 my steam man even, and does not improve upon it, it will yet perform
 the work which I want it lo do.”

 A light broke across Frank, Jr.'s face.

 “ Ah!" he cried. “ I see what you are driving at. Yon have an
 undertaking for me and my new machine.”

 Frank, Sr., looked steadily at Frank, Jr., and replied:

 •‘ You have hit tbe nail upon the head."

 •' What is it?”

 “ First, I must tell you a story."

 ■' Weil?”

 " It would take me some time to go Into the details, so I will not
 attepipt to do that but. give you a simple statement of facts; in short,
 tbe outline of the story.”

 •' All right. Let as have it.”

 The seuior Reade cleared his throat and continued:

 11 Many years ago when I was traveling in Australia I waa set upon
 by bushmen and would have been killed but for the sudden arrival
 upon the sjeue of a countryman of mine, a man of about my own age
 and ns plucky as a lion.

 "His name Aas Jim Travers, nnd I hod known him in New York
 as the son of a wealthy family. He was of a roving temperament, how-
 ever, and this is whni had brought him to Australia.

 •• Well, Travers saved my life'. He heat oil’ my assailants, and nurs-
 ing my wounds brought me back to life.

 •• I have felt ever since that I owed him a debt which could not be
 fully repaid. At that lime 1 could make no relurn for llio service.

 "Jim nnd I drifted through the gold lields together. Then I lost
 track of him, and until the other day I have not seen or heard from
 him.	'

 " But I now lind that it is in my power to give him assistance, in
 fact to partly pay the debt I owe him. This brings us to the matter
 in hand.

 Six months ago it seems that Jim who is now a man of great wealth,
 slill a bachelor and for a few years past living at a fashionable hotel
 in New York went to his club. When he returned iu the evening he
 found a note worded like this:

 Mr. Reade laid a noie upon the table, Frank read it:

 “Oear Travers:—I would like to see you to-night npon a very
 important matter. Will you meet me in twenty minutes at the cafe
 on your corner. I must see you, so be sure and come.

“A Friend.”

 “01 course Jim wondered at the note, but he did not know of ao
 enemy in the world, so he felt perfectly safe in keeping the appoint-
 ment. He started for the cafe.

 “Thenight was dark and misty, Jim walked along and had got near
 the cafe when somebody stepped out ol a dark hallway and grasped
 his arm.

 “ • Come In here,” a sharp voice said, we can talk belter here than
 in the cafe.”

 “ • Before Jim could make any resistance he was pulled into a dark
 hallway. Two men had hold of him and something wet was dashed
 across his face and over his hands, then he felt some liquid poured
 over his clothes and some object thrust into his pocket.’

 “ Then the door opened again and he was flung out into the street.
 Jim was unharmed, but amazed at snch treatment. He tad not been
 hurt and was at a loss to understand what it all meant.

 "The incident had taken but a lew moments in its course. At lirst
 a thought of foul play had flashed across Jim. Then it occurred to
 him to look at his hands which were wet with some substance.

 “ He gave a great cry ot horror as he did so. Tbere was blood
 upon them.
PRANK READE, JR., AND HIS NEW STEAM MAN.

3

    In fact liis hands anil face and clothes were almost soaked in red
 blood. For an instant he was horrilied.

    What mystery was this! Bat lie quickly changed his opinion and
 actually laughed.

 “Ii occurred to him as a practical joke upon the part of hid club
 friends. Satisfied of this he resolved to gel even with them.

 “He tried to open the door, through which he bad been pulled. It
 was locked and would not yield.

 “ Then he decided to go Lack to his room and wash off the blood.
 But he had not gone ten slept before ho was met in the glare of the
 lamplight by oue of the club men.

 '"Thunder! What's the matter with you, Travers?' asked bis
 friend.

 “'Oh, nothing, only a liule practical joko the boys have been play-
 ing on me,’ replied Jim with a grin. Two or three others come along
 and Jim explains in like manner. Then he goes to his apartments.

 '• When he arrives there lie is amazed to Hud the door open and a
 fearful scene within. The furniture, the light carpet and the walls in
 places are smeared with blood. Jim now got angry.

    “ ' This is carrying a joke a little loo far!’ he cried, testily. " This
 spoiling line furniture Is too much.'

   “But he went to washing the blood from bis hands. This was a
 hard job and took lime. Suddenly half u dozeu officers came into Ihe
 room and seized him.

 “ ' What do you want?’ cried poor Jim iu surprise.

 “ ‘We went yon,’ they replied.

 “' What for?’

 “' For murder!’

 Instead of being horrifled, Jim was mad, madder than a March hare.
 He just got up and swore at the officers.

 " I don’t like ibis sort of tliiug,” he declared. “ it’s carrying a joke
 too far.”

 The officers only laughed and slipped manacles upon his wrists.
 Then they led him away to prison. Not until brought into court did
 poor Jim know that he had been made the victim or a hellish scheme.

 Murder had really beeu committed in that house into which be had
 been dragged, and where ho was smeared with blood. A man un-
 known, was there found literally carved to pieces with a knife.

 Blood had been found upon Jim in his room. A trail led from the
 bouse lu his r joir.. A knife was found in his coat pocket. The evi-
 dence was all against him and Ids trial had just come oil and lie had
 just been sentenced to death by hanging with only three months of
 grace.”

 Frank Reade, Jr., listened lo this thriiling tale with sensations
 which Ihe pen cannot depict. It was so horrible, so strange, so
 ghastly that be could hardly believe ii true.

 lie arose aud walked once across the floor.	,

CHAPTER II.

THE .SEW STEAM MAN.

 Then the young Inventor paused bofore bis father, and in a deeply
 impressed manner snid:

 ••Then an innocent man stands convicted of murder?"

 "Yes.”

 “ In that case it is the duly of every philanthropic man to try and
 save the innocent.”

 “It is.”

 "We must do it."

 “I am glad to hear you say that.”

 “ But the question now arises as to how we Bhall be able to do It.
 Is there no clew to the real assassins!”

 "No definite clew.”

 "That is very si range. 01 course there must have been a motive.
 Thai motive would seem to be to get Travers out of the way.”

 “ res.”

 “ And he has no enemies?”

 “ Noue that be knew of."

 “Ah, but what would any one gain by putting him out of the
 way--”

 Frank Reade, Jr., paused. He gazed steadily at his father. Much
 passed between lliem in that glance.

 “His fortune is a large one,” put in Ihe senior Reade. “theright
 to inherit would furnish the besl motive. There is but one heir, and
 ho is a nephew, Artemus Cliff, who iB a stockman, somewhere iu llie
 Far West. It could not bp hlin.”

 “Could not!" Frank Reade, Jr., sat down and dropped into a
 brown study. After a lime he arou6ed.

 "I am interested in this case,"he declared. “ And my Sleam Man
 is at the disposal of justice al any time. But you spoke of the prairies.
 Is there a clew in the West?”

 “The only clew possible lo oblam at present,” declared Mr. Reade,
 Sr. "You see detectives tracked two suspicious men lo Kansas.
 There they lost track of them. Everybody believes that they were
 the assassins.”

 "Well, I believe it,” cried Frank Reade, Jr.. with impulse. “lean
 see bul one logical explanation of this mailer. Either Arwmas Cliff
 has employed two ruffians to do Ihis awful deed for the sake of
 Travers' money, or—the case is one not possible to solve with ease.”
 Frank Reade, Sr., did not dislay surprise at this statement of his
 SOD.

   "Nowyou have the whole thing in a nutshell, my boy," he said.
 “ Of course, you can do ns you please, but if you wish to take any
 kind of a journey with your new iuvemion, here is a chance, and a

 noble object in view. That object should be to track drown the mur-
 derers. aud clear Jim Travers. It may be that the nephew, Artemas
 Cliff, is ihe really guilty one, but in any case, I believe that it Is in
 the West you will find the solution of the" mystery."

  “That is my belief," agreed Frank Reade, Jr.,’ “bul now that this
  matter is settled let me show you the plans of my steam man."

  Frank Reade Jr., drew a roll of papers from his pocket and spread
  them upon the table.

 Upon them were the blue print plans and drawings of the mechan-
 ism of the Sleam Man.

  Frank Reade, Senior, examined them carefully and critically. From
  one piece to another be wenl aud after some lime drew a deep breaili
  saying:

  “ Well, young blood is the best after all. 1 must say, Frank, that I
  am beat. There is uo doubt but that you have Improved upon my
  Sleam Man. I congratulate you."

  “ Thank you,” said Frank Reade, Jr. with gratification.

  “ But I am anxious to see ibis marvel at work."

 “ You shall," replied the young inventor. " To-morrow the Steam
 Mun will go out of the shop upon his trial trip."

 A few minutes later Frank Reade, Jr., was on the way to his own
 bouse.

 He was in a particularly happy frame of mind. He had achieved
 great results in his new invention, and iiere, as by design, was a
 chance afforded him to use the Sleam Man to a philanthropic and
 heroic purpose.

  The idea of traveling through ihe wilds of the West was a thrilling
  one.

  Frank could already picture the effect of the Steam Man upon the
  wild savages of the pluius aud the outlaws of Western Kansas and
  Colorado.

  Also the level Boor-like prairie of that region would afford excellent
  traveling for the new invention.

  Frank Reade, Jr., was a lover of adventure.

  It was an inborn love. The prospect before him fired bis very sonl.
  It was just wbal he desired.

  That evening he unlolded all his plans lo bis wife.

  Of course Mrs. Reade was averse to her husband undertaking such a
  dangerous trip. But after a time she overcame her scruples and re-
  conciled herself to it.

  The next morning at an early hour, Frank was at the engine house
  of the steel works. The wide doors were thrown open and a wouder-
  ful sight revealed.

  There stood the Steam Man.

 *	Frank Reade, Sr., and a great number of friends were present.
 Pomp, the negro, wan also there, as well as a queer-looking little Irish-
 man with a genuine Uibernian mug and twinkling eyes, which bespoke
 a nature brimming over with fan. This was Barney O'Shea.

  Barney and Pomp had long been faithful servants of the Reades. In
  all of their travels wilh llieir inventions they had accompanied them.
  Of these two characters we will say no more, but permit the reader to
  become acquainted with them in the course of the slory.

 The senior Reade examined the mechanism of the new Steam Man
 with deepest interest.

 “Upon my word, Frank,” he cried, "you have bealon me out and
 out. I can hardly believe my eyes."

  Frank Reade, Jr., laughed good humoredly.

  Then lie went about showing a party of friends the mechanlsn of Ihe
  new Steam Man.

  The man himself was a structure of iron plates joined in sections
  with rivets, hinges or bars as the needs required.

 In face and form the machine was a good imitation of a man done
 in steel.

  Iu no wish did he look ponderous or uuwieldly, though his stuture
  was fully nine feet.

  The man stood erecc holding the shafts of a wagon nl his hips.

 The wagon itself was Sight bul roomy with four wheels and a lop
 covering of line steel net work. This was impervious to a bullet while
 anyone inside could see quite well all about lliem.

  There were loop-holes in this netting to pul the rifle barrels through
  in case of a fight.

 A part of the wagon was used as a coal bunker. Other small com-
 partments held a limited amount of stores, ammunitions and weapons.

 Upon the fender In front was a brake to regulate the wagon on a
 steep grade, aud a slit in tlio net work here allowed of llie passage of
 the reins, two long lines connecting with the throttle and whistle
 valves. A word as to tlio mechanism of the man.

  Here was really the flue work of Ihe invention.

 Sleam was the motive power.

  The hollow legs and arms of the man made the reservoir or boilers.
  In the broad chest was the furnace. Fully two hundred pounds of
  coal could here be placed, keeping up a fire sufficient to gei.erale
  steam for a long lime.

 The steam chest was upon the man’s back, and here were a number
 of valves. The tall hat worn by the man formed ihe smoke stack.

  The driving rods, in sections, extended down the man’s legs, and
  could be set in motion so skillfully that a tremendous stride was at-
  tained, and a speed far beyond belief.

 This was the new steam man. The improvements were many and
 manifest.

 All the mechanism was more nicely balanced, the parts more
 strongly joined, and the steel of finer quality. Greator speed was the
 certainty.
FRANK READE, JR., AND IIIS NEW STEAM MAN.

 Kire was burning in the furnace, steam was hissing from the retort,
 and smoke was pouring from the funnel hat of the man.

 Frank Iiende, Jr., suddenly sprang in the wagon,
 lie closed the screen door behiud him. Pomp was engaged in some
 work in the coal bunker.

 Frank look up the reins and pulled them. The throttle was opened
 and also the whistle valve.

 Three sharp shrieks tbe new Steam Man gave and then he was away
 on the trial trip.

 Out of ihe yard he went and out upon the highway.

 Everybody rushed to the gate3 and a great cheer went up. Down
 tbe highway went the Steam Man at a terrific gale.

 Ilia strides were loDg and powerful. So rapidly were they made
 that a tremendous amount of surface was covered.

 It was a good smooth road.

 Just ahead wa3 a man riding a horse. Near him was a bicycler
 who was noted as a fas', rider.

 Both had heard tbal tbe Steam Man would make bis trial run that
 morning.

 Bets had been made by both that they could beat tbe Man.

 Frank guessed tbe truth at once.

 •• Ki dar, Marse Frank," cried Pomp, with a chuckle and a shake of
 his woolly head. “ Dem two chaps am got a pile ob gall. Jea’yo’
 show dem dat dey ain’t in it. Won't yo’t”

 Pomp had more than one reason for beating the horse and bicycle,
 lie had made a small bet of his own on the result.

 Il was evideut that tbe parties ahead were ready for the fun.

 Frank Reade, Jr., smiled grimly, and opened ihe throttle a little
 wider.

 The next moment the Steam Man, the bicycle rider and the trotter
 were all Hying neck and neck down the road.

 Heavens! what a race that waa!

 Down the road they flow like a whirlwind. The dust flew up behind
 them in a cloud.

 But Ihe Steam Man just trotted by his competitors with seemingly
 no exertion at all. Frank turned with a laugh lo see how easily they
 were distanced.

 Afier a good trial, tbo new Stenm Man returned to the foundry yard.
 As Frank stepped down out of the wagou, bis father came up and
 grasped his hand In an ecstasy of delight.

 •• liruvo, my son!” ho cried. “ Yon have eclipsed my invention. I
 wish you luck, and I know lhat you will succeed in clearing Jim Tra-
 vers.'’

 •• I shall lake only Barney and Pomp with me,-' said Frank Reade,
 Jr. " There will not be room in the wagon for more."

 •• Well, they will be useful companions,” said the Senior Reade.
 “ My Bon; may God be with you in your enterprise.”

 Frank Heade, Jr., at once proceeded to make preparations for his
 western trip,
 lie visited Travers in prison nnd talked with him.

 To tell the truth, I am distrustful of my nephew, Artemas ClilT.
 He is an n7»ricious villain, nnd a number of times has tried lo swindle
 me out of money. I know lhat he has led the life of an outlaw out
 there on the border."

 •• But if bo aspired to gain your wealth, why did he not attempt
 your life in some direct manner?" asked Frank.

 t presume be may have feared detection," replied Travers. '* If I
 am hong for the murder of this unknown man, the mystery will be
 sealed forever. Tlioy real murderer will never he known.”

 •'I believe you are right,” agreed Frank Reade, Jr. “Well, I will
 flml this Artemas Cliir, and do the best I can towards clearing up the
 mystery and selling yon right.’’

 ••Thank yon!" said Travers with emotion. "I feel that you will
 succeed."

CHAPTER III.

OX THE PLAINS.

 TnB scene of oar story now undergoes a great change.

 _ Wu will transfer the reader from Readestown to the plains of the
 Far West. Fully live hundred mile's from civilization, and right in the
 heart of the region of the hostile Sioux.

 Frnnk Reade, Jr., had transported the Steam Man as far as possible
 by rail.

From thence he had journeyed the rest of Ihe ways overland.

 Nothing of thrilling sort had as yet marked their journey. But they
 were upon the verge of the most exciting adventures as the reader
 wlll jiereafter agree, possible 10 lie experienced by man.

 With the broad expanse of rolling plain upon every band, one morn-
 ing in June ihe Steam Man might Imvo been seen making its way
 along ai a moderate gait.

Frank Reads, Jr., with Barney and Pomp were in the wagon.

 1-rank held the reins and hia keen gaze swept Ihe prairie in every
 direction.	J

 As far as the oye could reach there remained tbo same broad ex-
 panse. There was little to break the monotony.

 Barney nnd Pomp had taken advantage of a lull in their duties to
 play a social game of poker in the rear of the wagon.

 These two unique characters, although the warmest of friends, were
 nevertheless always engaged in badgering each other or the perpetra-
 tion of practical Jokes.

 •• Bejabers, I'll go yez ten hetther on that, yez black ape,” cried
 Barney, throwing down a handful of chips. •' 1’1| take me worrnd it's
 “ nig blulT yez are playin'. Yez can’t fool me.”

 “ Youse will jest find out dis nigger neber plays a bluff gams."re-
 torted Poinp with a chuckle. •' Jest yo’ look out to' yosef, I ish.”
 Begorra, I ain't afraid av yez an’ I’ll go ye the tin,” cried Barney.

 There was a broad grin upon Pomp's face. He quietly picked up
 ten chips and then put in ten more.

 •' Hold on, I’ist. I’ll so youse ten better."

 "Call yez, be hivens!” cried Barney, chucking in ten more.

 Then he threw down bis hand.

 “ Can yez bate that?” he cried, triumphantly. “ Give us the pot,
 naygur. Yez are no good.”

 But Pomp put one black paw over Ihe pile of chips.

 " ’Jes’ wait one mlnnit, I'ish."

 “ Wbarro! Yez can’t bate it!” cried Barney, confidently.

 He had thrown a good hand containing four kings and two ace3.
 But Pomp quietly laid down four aces!

 The picture was one well worthy of an artist. For a moment the
 two card players gazed at the six aces in amazement. It was a very
 corious anomaly that there should he six aces in one pack of cards.

 Then Barney sprang up furiously.

 " Begorra, it’s a big cheat ye are!” be cried, angr ily. ■• Whoever
 saw the loikes av that? Be me sowl, Ihe hull pile is mine!”

 “ Don’ yo’ put yo' hands on dem chips, I’ish 1” cried Pomp, angrily.

 " P'raps yo’ kiu tell me whorfore youse got dem two aces, maybe
 youse can?"

 “Bejabers, they war in the pack, but yez kin tell me perhaps where
 yez got those four aces yez put down ihere?-’

 •' I tell yo’, I’iali, dey wns in de pack.”

 “Bejabers it’s the fust pack av cards I ever saw with six aces in
 it,” retorted Barney.

 •• Now don' yo’ gib me any mo’ ob yo’ sasa, I’ish!" blustered Pomp.
 “I'll jes’ make yo' sorry if yo’ does.”

 “ Bejabera yez ain’t the size!"

 “ Look out fo’ yo’self, I’iab!”

 “ Whurroo!”

 Over went the table leaf, down went the chips in the bottom of-
 the wagon, and the two angry poker players closed in a lively wrestle.

 For a moment Barney hail tbe best of it. then Pomp tripped the
 Celt op and both fell in a heap in the bottom of the wagon.

 They chanced to fall against the wire screen door in the rear of tbe
 wagon.

 It was unlocked and gave way beneath the pressure, and the two
 practical jokers went through it and out upon the hard lloor of the
 prarie.

 They were rolled about in a cloud of dust, and had they not been of
 something more than ordinary composition they would have suflered
 fronrbroken bones.

 But as it waa both picked themselves up unhart.

 The Steam Man bad gone ou' fully one hundred yards before Frank
 Reade. Jr., perceived that hia companions were missing, and at oucs
 closed the trottle and brought the Man to a holt.

 “Serves tbe rascals right,” muttered Frank, as he saw them pick
 themselves up from ibe duBt. “They are always skylarking, and no
 good comes of it.”

 Frank bad stopped the Steam Man. He waited for tho two jokers
 to pick themaelves up and return to the wagon.

 But at tlmt moment a thrilling thing occurred.

 Barney and Pomp hnd fallen near a clnmp of timber.

 From this with wild yells a band of mounted Sioux Indians now
 dashed.

 They were a war parly—pointed and bedecked with feathers, and in
 the full paraphernalia of war.

 The peril which threatened the two jokers was one not to be de-
 spised.

 Il was quite evident that the savages meant to cut off their rejoin-
 ing the Steam Man. In that cose their fate would be sealed.

 But Barney was quick-witted, and saw ihe situation at a "lance.

 With a wild howl he broke into a mad ran for the Steam Man. It.
 was a question of life or death and he ran as ho had never ran before.

 Pomp wns not so lucky. While Barney waa distancing hia pursuers,
 nnd actually succeeded in reaching the wagon, the darky suddenly
 found himself cut off.

 Indian ponies were circling abont him, the red riders whooping and
 yelling like veritable demons.

 The poor darkj waa beside lilmslf with terror and perplexity.

 “Gollv sakes alibe!” lie yelled, with his wool literally standing on
 end. “ Whatebber am dia yer nigger gwine fo' to do? I'se a gone coon
 fo' suah.”

 It certainly looked that way. The savages circled nearer and half a
 dozen of them dismounted and rushed upon Pomp.

 Now the dnrky was unarmed.

 He had not even a pistol or a knife. Of course lie waa at their mercy.

 In less time tlmn it takes to tell It, the aavnges had closed in about
 the terrified darky, and he waa quickly thrown upon his back and
 bound.

 Then he wns laid across the back of a pony nnd tied on securely.

 Then a Inriat waa attached to the pony’s bridle, and the savages
 with their prisoner in their midst dashed away.

 Barney had reached the Steam Man and climbed into the wagon.

 Frank Reade. Jr., hnd seen the whole affair, and for a momeut was
 too astounded to act.

 Then as Barn«y came tumbling Into the wagon, Frank turned the
 man around and sent him Hying ioward tiie savages.

 This move was quickly made, and the Steam Man ran forwa.il
FRANK READE, JR., AND HIS NEW STEAM MAN.

6

 rapidly. But quick as it had been, the savages had yet succeoded in
 making Pomp a prisoner and gotling away with him.

 " Bejabers, they’ve got ihe naygur bound 10 a horse,” cried Barney,
 wildly. “ Wud yez luk at the loikes, Mislher Frank. We must catch
 the umadhounB and give them a lessin of the right sort.”

 "1 hope we muy." replied Frank, with great anxiety, “ but I fear
 the red Uends will gel to cover bofore we can overtake them.”

 "Whurroo! It’s mesilf as will splioil the loike av some av thim,"
 cried Barney, as ho picked up his rifle.

 The savages were racing like mad across the prairie.

 They had caught sight of the Sleam Man, which was to ihem some
 fiend incarnate, some evil spirit which would seek their certain de-
 struction.

 Terror of the wildest sort made them whip their ponies io the ut-
 most.

 It was a mad race.

 But the Steam Man was gaming.

 He took tremendous strides. Frank pulled the whistle valve, and
 the elirieka sent up on the air wore of a terrifying kind.

 The savages had all gazed with wonder upon the white man's iron
 horse that followed Us sleol track across their prairies.

 lint this latest appearance, the Steam Man, was too much for their
 nerves. They could not bear it, and fled.

 The Steam Man wonld certainly have overtaken them.

 But. not visible until one had turned the timber line and made a
 rise in the prairie was a distant range of hills.

 Toward tins the savages were going. If they reached them, they
 would certainly succeed in eluding their pursuer.

 And the chances seemed good.

 Frank saw, with a peculiar chill, that they were really liable to
 reach the point aimed at.

 lie sent the man oil at Full speed.

 Barney placed himself at a loophole, and commenced Qring as rap-
 idly as he could at the fleeing foe.

 The result was that many of them fall, and the others redoubled
 their exertions to make an escape.

 Ou went the chase toward the distant range of hills.

 Nearer and nearer drew the ponies to the objective point.

 With sinking heart Frank eaw that the Indians were likely to reach
 them before the Steam Man could overtake them.

 Of course this would mean safety for the savages, for the Steam Man
 coi’UI not hope to follow the ponies over the rough surfaces there en-
 countered.

 “ Heavens, we are not going to save I’omp!” cried Frank, with a
 thrill of despair in his voice. “ What shall we do, Barney! Is it not

 awful?1

 Barney was busily engaged In placing fresh cartridges in his Win-
 chester.

 " Begorra, it’s save the nnvgiir 1 will if I sacrifice me own loife!"
 cried the big-hearted Celt. “ It's me own fault, for sure, that he iver
 Jell troo the door and got picked up bv the red niin.”

 Frank put on all the steam lie dared, and the inau took tremendous
 strides forward.

 •• We wiii make a mighty effort,’’ he gritted, as lie piled on the
 sleam.

 “ Bejabers, here goes for wan av the spalpeens!” cried Barney.

 Then the Irishman's rifle cracked.

 One of the savages tumbled from his pony’s back.

 Barney continued lo load and lire as fast as he could. But the op-
 portunity was not long granted him.

 Suddenly the cavalcade of savages dashed into the moulh of the
 pass.

 They were out of sight in a twinkling. The Steam Man was obliged
 to come to a halt.

 There were huge howlder3 and piles of stones to block the passage.
 Barney and Frank Ueade, Jr.. exchanged dances of despair.

 “That is the end of Pomp,” declared the vo'ung inventor, with a
 chill. •• I have no doubt that is a part of Black Buffalo's hand, and
 he never spares a life.”

CHAPTER IV.

THE COWBOYS.

 Frank had spoken truthfully. The band of savages was really a
 part of the tribe of which Black Buffalo was the chief.

 Throughout all the Kansas border this blood thirsty llend was
 known and feared.

 He had ravaged more wagon trains, burned more settlements, and
 committed more massacres than any oiher Sioux chief in the Far
 West.

 His name was a synonym of ierror among the settlers, from Da-
 kota to the boundary line of Texas:

 By many he was claimed to be a white man or renegade. Others
 averred that he was a recreant Pawnee chief.

 However this was, certainly no red warrior was better known and
 feared than. Black Buffalo.

 And It was into his bands that Pomp had fallen.

 Small wonder then that Frank Reade, Jr.. was much alarmed, and
 even Inclined to believe his faithful servitor’s life lost.

 The merciless Black Buffalo would not be likely to spare Pomp’s
 life. The savages had captured him alive simply to drag him into the
 hills and lurturo him to death.

 Barney began to bemoan the situation in violent terms.

 “Ocb hone, the poor soul," he cried, “he was a black naygnr hut

 he had a white heart jiat that eame. Be jabers av’ we cud only get
 near enough lo the red omadhouns I'd loike lo shoot ivery mother's
 son av thim.”

 “ Well, I don't see why the red Bends baven'tulie best of as," de-
 clared Frank.

 “ It Iuks lhat same, MUlher Frank,” wailed Barney.

 “ I don’t see how we cun ever get through that pass. The Sleam-
 Man might go there, but the wagon won't.”

 This was true enough.

 The Steam Man on the level prairie was invincible, but on rough
 ground like this wholly useless.

 Frank and Barney were beside themselves with solicitude and per-
 plexity.

 Frank even thought of going forth on foot to try and overtake the
 redskins. But of course the folly of such a course was quickly ap-
 parent to him.

 Barney even attempted to carry out literally this plan.

 He went so far as to open the door in the wire screen and leap
 down to the ground.

 But Frank cried sternly:

 “ Barneyi come back at once. You can gain nothing by such a
 course.”

 •‘Shure, Mr. Frank," cried the Irishman, “if yez will only let me
 go-’’

 “Come back," was Frank’s terse command, which was reluctantly
 obeyed by Ihe Celt.

 Frank took a careful look al the hills.

 He chanced to see a smooth pathway up ihe height, and which
 seemed to follow the course of the canyon or pass.

 Up tills the Steam Man cautiously advanced. As they continued lo
 ascend higher a good broad view of the prairie was obtained.

 And suddenly reaching an elevation from which a southward view
 could be obtained, Frank gave a sharp cry, and taking a glass from a
 locker, sprung lo a loop-hole in the netting.

 He scanned a number of objects upon the prairie far beyond.

 At that distance they looked like a herd of buffaloes.

 But with the glass Frank saw that they were mounted men and
 white men at that.

 They looked like a roving band of cowboys. In any event they were
 while men and it was quite enough for tho young inventor to’ know
 this.

 “ We can depend upon ihem to help rescue Pomp!" cried Frank,
 exuberantly. “Luck is yei with us, Barney."

 “Be jabers I hope so," cried the excited Celt. “If they bo while
 men and have a heart they'll shurely do it.”

 Frank instanliy turned the wagon about and sent the Steam Man
 rapidly down to the prairie.

 lie blew shrill blasts upon the whistle to attract the attention of the
 white men.

 In Ibis he was successful.

 .As the Steam Man reached the prairie floor, the cavalcade of cow
 boys came dashing up.

 They did not seem surprised at sisht of the Sleam Man somewhat
 sfngularly and drew up Hfty yards distant while one of tteir uumber
 rode forward.

 Ho was evidently the leader, and wa3 a tall, dark, evil-lookiii" fel-
 low. Frank Reade, Jr. was not favorably improssed with Ins appear-
 ance.

 As the young inventor noted that the whole gang had a forbidding
 appearance and with a chill Frank realized lhai he could hardly ex-
 pect any assistance from such a cut-lhroat looking hand.

 The tall, dark leader dolled his sombrero as he rode forward and
 made a low bow.

 “ Buenos Senors!" he said with a Spanish accent. " I wish you a
 fair day. Do you travel far with your Iron Mau!"

 “I am glad lo meet you,” replied Frank, eagerly. “We come
 from the East and we are here upon an important mission.’’

 The stranger smiled and bowed again wilh a peculiar affectation ol
 politeness.

 " I um pleased to hear it. Are you not the gentleman called
 Frank Reade, Jr.!"

 Frank gave a start of surprise.

 “ I am,” he replied, quickly, “ then you have heard of me.”

 “ I have, Senor Reade," replied the cowboy chief, with another ex-
 aggerated bow and smile.

 “ Perhaps you know of my mission here!"

 “ I do," was the reply.

 Frank was more amazed than words can express. What mystery
 was this?

 How had this fellow, who bore the stamp of a Spaniard, learned of
 his mission to the Far West? The young inventor was staggered for
 a moment.

 “ Your mission here," replied the cowboy chief, politely, “ !s to hunt
 down two men who you believe are guilty of a murder wi Ich they
 skillfully foisted upon a certain man by the" name of Jim Travers."

 “ You are right!" cried Frank. “ But how in the name of wonder
 did you know lhat?”

 “I prefer not to say. It is enough that I know it."

 “ It is strange that you Bhould "have learned It," said Frank, •• but

 I	will ask no more questions just now In the face of a terrible ex-
 igency.”

 “All!"

 "I want to ask your help."

 “My help?"
FRANK READE, JR., AND HIS NEW STEAM MAX.

 Tim miraiipra were now the pursued.

 •• Pardon, senor. but I cannot see In what manner I can serve you.
 •• You must assist me. One of my men—a colored man—has fallen
 into t'ie hands of the Indians. They have made him prisoner and
 bave just escaped with him into lliese lulls. 1 ask your assistance in
 effecting his rescue.''

  A peculiar smile played about the cowboys lips.

  •• Is he not llis one you call Pomp?" lie asked.

  *	* Ypf)/'

  ■* And that man with yoa in your cage there is called Barney?”

  *» yes.”

 •'Ah, I see—Barney and Pomp. Well, Senor Reade, pray accept
 my compliments and llie wish that you may see clvilzation again alive,
 winch I <10 not belive will be tho case. 11a—ha—hal You bave blun-
 dered Into a dealh-lrapl”

 Something like a correct comprehension of ailairs now began to
 dawn upon Frank.

 “ What do yon mean!” he gasped in surprise. “ Who are you?

  •• Well, since you ask mo I will tell you,” replied Ihe cowboy chief
  with a laugh. ■' I am no Spaniard, as you might have thought. I
  am ns good an American as you, and you will have good cause lo it
  member my name in the near future, provided you escape from this
  trap. I am the man you are so eagerly looking for—I am Artemas
  Cliff.”

 •' Heavens!” gasped Frank Reade, Jr., “ the man I am looking
 for!”

 '•The same.” replied 011(1. mockingly. “ You have undertaken
 quite a daring deed, my line inventor, but you will find that you have
 bitten off a very much larger slice than you can masticate.”

  ■• We will see,” began Frank.

 “ You see these men?” continued ClifT. “ They are my followers,
 tried and true. What is it to you whether my uncle. Jim Travis,
 should hang for murder? You can never prove him innoceut—at
 least, never will, for you will never go from here alive.”

  *• Scoundrel!'' cried Frank. " You are the real murderer!”

  “ 11a, ha, ha! Provo it if you can!” laughed the cowboy chief, de-
  risively.

  I	will prove it, if I have to drag the confession from your lips!”
  cried Frank, resolutely.

 "Pshaw! Talk is cheap. Attention, men! Grab the throttle rein
 of the Steam Man and you can destroy him! Forward! Charge!”
 Frank Rfado, Jr., heard the command aud know well the danger,
 lie was at a loss to account for Cliffs knowledge of him and his inven-
 tion.

  TIip young inventor was nol aware of the fact that for weeks pre-
  ious to the starling forth of the Steam Man spies had been busy in
  Rctuli'slown.

  But such was the truth.

 Artemas Clill had covered liis tracks well. He knew that Frank
 Reade, ihe young inventor’s father, was a friend of Travers and would
 see him through, if possible.

  Therefore he had provided well for giving Frank Reade, Jr., and Ihe
  now Steam Man ^ hoi reception on theplains.

 Willi hoarse cries llie cowboys descended upon the Steam Man.
 They urged their horses forward at a full gallop.

  Frank Reade, Jr., knew well that it was possible for them to greatly
  injure his invention, so he made quick action lo defeat llieir plans.

  Me Bliouted to Barney:

  •• Give it to them, Barney. Shoot every man you can."

  Then Frank opened the throttle, and let ihe Steam Man out for nil
  lie was worlli.

 II was an easy matter to outstrip the horses, and the Steam Man
 kept ahead, while the cowboys came thundering on in the rear.

 Then Frank slackcnod speed so as to keep up a uniform distance
 between the Man and the horses.

  While Harney poured in shot after shot into the midst of the gan^
  of pursuers.

 The cowboys began to drop from their saddles one by one. It was
 a destructive and telling lire.

 And they strained every nerve in vain in an effort to reach the
 .'team Man. Frank kepi the Mail just far enough ahead to ensure
 safety and enable Barney to pick off the cowboys with ease.

  It look Cliff some lime lo tumble lo this little game,

 When be did, and realized that he was simply decimating numbers
 wit boat gaining ground, he called a bait.

 The cowboys were now near the tanks of a wide river which was
 f, ' lh" l Frank Reade, Jr. saw ins advantage and brought
 .be Steam Man lo a stop. Then he seized a rifle and joined Barney.

                  CHAPTER V.
                  pomp’s rescue.

  Bi t it was hardly likely that the cowboys would stand their ground
  long under such a lire.	6

 A* fast as they could Frank and Barney worked the repeaters,
 prairie“1 at quile a nu,nber of the foe lay dead upon the

kn?w ,the fatality of remaining there. Being tin-

 UeuU	man’	lheir °"|J' h0P® now was in re-

 tofi'.SJ'iSS.foS, s““

  I-	rank at once sprang lo the reins and the brake and started the
  im Man in pursuit. It was quite a turning of tables.

 So It continued until suddenly, by the orders of Cliff, the cowboys
 tamed tbeir horses Into the river and forded it.	.....

 Once on tlio oilier side they were soon beyond the reach of ihe rifle
 balls. The Steam Man of course could not follow.

 The encounter with the cowboys was at an end.

 They did not return lo the attack, somewhat singularly, bul kept
 on until ihe rolling plains hid them from view.

 Cllfl’s direful threat against the Steam Man and its inventor, had
 not been carried out. But Frank did nol, by any means, delude him-
 self with tbe belief that the villain would relinquish tlio attempt so
 easily.

 Well, Barney,” he cried, cheerily, when satisfied that the scrim-
 mage was over. “ We came oul of that scrape a little the best of it.

 II	l°ns all turned out as I expected. That Cliff is the real murderer.”
 ‘■Begorra, it luks that way, Mistber Frank.” agreed Barney.

 “ So it does. We must plan to capture the villain, and wring a
 confession from him.”

 “Be jabere that’s thrue. Il l only bad an opportunity i’d pretty
 quick wring his loon u*'ck for him.”

 “But that does not settle the question of Pomp's fate," declared
 Frank. “ lie must be saved.”

 "Sbure, Misther Frank."

 "Bul how car. we do it?"

 This was yet a conundrum.

 Frank and the faithful Irishman stood looking at each olher. It
 was a long time before either spoke.

 Finally Frank said:

 “There's only one way, Barney."

 " An’ phwat's that?”

 “We’ve got to get into those hills in some way. I don't like to

 leave the Steam Man, but to save Pomp I'd--”

 Tlio young inventor ceased speaklug. A slraDge medley of sounds,
 cair.e from the direction of the pas?.

 T^.ere were wild yells and pisiol shots, and then, out upon llie prai-
 rie, the two astonished travelers saw u motley crew of horses aud sav-
 ages emerge.

 The savages were fighting furiously. Frank knew enough of the
 Indians of that region to know what il all meant.

 A band of Sioux and a band of Pawnees, the deadliest of enemies,
 were eugaged in a terrilic battle.

 Frank took in the scene at a glance.

 He at once understood all.

 The band which had captured Pomp was undoubtedly the one en-
 gaged in Ihis coullict. They bad very likely met the Pawnees in llie
 upper part of the pass.

 When ihe Pawnees and Sioux met a fight always followed. Gen-
 erally the latter came off victorious.

 As il seemed now, however, the Pawnees had tbe best of it.

 They were worsting the Sioux fn good fashion. Frank and Barney
 watched the sceue a moment until suddenly a sharp cry burst from
 Barney.

 ‘‘Begorra, Misther Frank, if there ain't the naygur," lie cried,
 wildly.

 Barney was right. Frank glanced in the direction indicated and
 saw a thrilling act.

 In the midst of the Sioux was Pomp bound to the back of a mus-
 tong.

 Suddenly in the midst of the meleo the horse was seen to bolt from
 the rest ami dash out upon the prairie.

 Of course, Pomp had no control over the benst, having his hands
 tied behind him.

 The mustang took his own course and ran like the wind.

 The Sioux did not dare lo any of them attempt pursuit. The foe iu
 their front claimed their attention.

 " Bejabers, the horse is runnin' away wld the naygur,” cried Bar-
 ney. " Pliwat will we do. Mislher Frank?”

 “Catch him if we can,” cried Frank, seizing the throttle rein.

 He opened ihe throttle and let the Steam Man go ahead; with long
 strides the machine began to gum upon the mustang.

 Pomp wan vainly endeavoring to frea his banns.

 If be could bave done so, and could have got bold of the reins once,
 he could easily have stopped tbe horse.

 But this he was unable lo do.

 As a result, the animal carried him along swiftly, and along the
 base of llio hills.

 Suddenly the mustang swerved and darted into a narrow pass.

 Barney, at the loop-holes of the wagon with ride in hand, had been
 sorely tempted lo lire at the runaway.

 But the fear of hitting Pomp bad restrained him.

 Now, however, the horse was out of range. But Frank headed the
 Steam Man for the pass.

 Fortunately, it was unobstructed by bowlders, and had a good level
 floor. The Steam Man was enabled to forge along with safety.

 But the mustang and bis black rider had gone Irom sight. How-
 ever the pursuers kept on.

 Suddenly they came out upon a broad plateau with steep descent
 npon all oilier sides. This extended among tbe hills for a distance of
 several miles.

 A great cry of horror now went up from Frank nnd Barney.

 The musinng was seen racing along the edge of a irighly chasm.
 In a Tew seconds he would be almost sure to take an impossible leap
 over a deep gorge.
FRANK READE, JR., AND HIS NEW STEAM MAN.

%

 If lie should go to the bottom of that gorge it would be the end o(
 Pomp und the mustang.

 This was seen at a glauce and with the most intense of horror Bar-
 ney cried:

 ••Shall 1 tire, Mistlier Frank! It's the only tiling as will save the
 naygur.”

 •‘ You will have to do that,” replied Frank, sharply. “ Look out
 for your aim, Harney. God help Pomp!"

 Baruey pulled lliu trigger.

 Crock!

 The bullet sped true to its mark. It struck the mustang in the
 side.

 The amlnal faltered, throw up its head, stumbled, and tlieu pitched
 forward in a heap.

 Pomp lay beneath Hie horse. It did not require but a few moments
 for the Steam Man to reach him, however.

 Iu a twinkling Baruey sprang out of the wagon and cut Pomp’s
 bonds.

 The darky was not in the least injured. He lay with one leg under
 the mustang, but was easily extricated.

 The joy of the darky at iiis rescue cauiiot be expressed iu words.

 He embraced Barney ellasively.

 "Sliure 1 thought yez kilt inioirely, naygur,” cried the big-hearted
 Irishman. “ It's moightyglad I am to see yez aloive.”

 “ Yo’ kin jest bet dis chile am glad fo' lo get out ob dem red debhils’
 hands,” cried Pomp, exuberantly.

 And then he dashed aboard the Steam Man and grasped Frank's
 hand.

 ‘■Oh, Marse Frank, I'se dretful glad to see yo'!” cried Pomp, ex-
 citedly.

 111	am glad to Imve you back, Pomp," cried Frank. “ And to know
 that you are nnbarmed in any way. But it was a close shave for you.”
 ‘"Deed it was dat, Marse Frank. But dis nigger am powerlul hard
 for to kill, an' specs dal’s why 1 lib. But I'se got lois to tell you,
 Marse Frank.”

 “ You have!" exclaimed Frank.

 •' 'Deed I has. P'raps yo’ kin find it valuable fo’ yo’. I’ll Jes’ tell
 yo' dat when we went up troo dat pass we jes’ cum out pretty quick
 in a valley. Dat ar' valley was a scrumptious one, an’ dar was a trail
 leadin' down inter it. But afore the Injuns could ride down inter it
 along cum six white men on hossback an’ a right pert young lady on
 a hoss, too.

 “ Sake3 alibe I neblior seen so pretty a gal In all mail lire. Well,
 dese yer men, dey seemed like dey was 'qnainted wid der Injuns. Dey
 jes’ talked as free'like wid old Black Buffalo, an’ I jes’ opened my oars
 an' listeued.

 “ Bey said dat de gal was a prisoner an’ dey was takin’ ber from a
 cave in lie hills to Ranch V. Dey mentioned de Jname ob Arteinas
 Cliff. Den dey rode on, sah, an.' mah sakes, jus’ den up from the val-
 ley dere came a hull gang ob Itjgines and pitched into us. Ob cose
 yo' know all de res’.”

 Frank Reade, Jr., listened with the deepest amazement to this ex-
 citing story.

 " A young girl!” lie gasped. " Of course those men were Cliff's,
 but where on earth were they going!"

 " Dey done said it was to Ranch V. sah.”

 ‘‘Ranch V!” repeated Frank. ‘‘That is not very definite. Bui it
 must be the headquarters of Cliff and his gantr. You didn’t hear them
 say just where that ranch was located, Pomp!”

 "No sah, bin 1 jes' took note ob de dircckshun dey was goio’ an~il
 was to de Bouf-west.”

 "Well,” said the young inventor as he turned the Sleam Man
 about, " I cannot imagine who the young girl is or how she fell into
 the bands of Cliff’s ganj;. But it is certain that she is in their power
 and we must save ber.”

 "Bejabers that's roight, Mistlier Frank," cried Barney, gallantly,
 the O'Sheas from Brian Born down war always kiiown as men av
 honor an’ defenders av female virtue."

 Tlio Steam Mail started on the return across tlie plateau.

 It was Frank Reade, Jr.’s, intention to reach the prairie once more
 and strike out to the southwest, in the hopes of locating the Ranch V.

 The Steam Man ran swiftly to the mouth of the pass which led down
 to the prairie.

 Barnoy had filled the furnace with fresh coal, and the indicator
 showed that there was plenty of waier in the boiler.

 Frank was about lo enter the pass when suddenly Pomp sprang up
 with a wild cry.

 The darky sprang to Frank’s side and tried to grab the throttle rein.
 Frank was astounded.

 “ Hold on there, Pomp. What are you trying to do!" lie cried.

 "Ki dar, Marse Frank. Stop de Man, or fo’ de Lawd we am all
 done fo', suah as preachin’!"

 “ What!" gasped Frank.

 “If yo’ don't believe it, jes look np yonder!”

 Pomp pointed one linger upward to the canyon wall above the pass.
 The sight which' rewarded the startled gaze of the young inventor
 caused him to reverse the throttle and bring the Steam Man to a halt.

 Two cowboys were crouching behind an enormous bowlder which
 they had intended to roll down upon the Steam Man.

CHAPTER VI.

THE FIGHT IN THE PASS.

 A more narrow escape could hardly be imagined.

 The precipitation of the huge bowlder upon the Steam Maa would
 have destroyed the invention aud ihe lives of those on hoard.

 Just in lime Pomp had seen the danger. Auotber moment and it
 would have been too late."

 “ Ki yi, don’ yo' see now, Marse Frank!” cried Poinp, wildly.

 “ I see,” replied Frank, in thrilled tones. '• My God1 that is a nar-
 row shave. We would hare beeu crushed to atoms iu another moment
 as I live.”

 “ Whurroo! Give the spalpeens a good bit av cold lead!” sliouted
 Barney, rushing to one of the loopholes-wilh his rifle.

 “ That’s right!" cried Frank, doing the same.

 “Golly, yo' kin bet we will do dat!" chimed in Pomp.

 The two cowboys, seeing Hint their game was exposed, sprang up
 with wild shouts of dismay.

 As they did so they were exposed to shots from below. The three
 rllles spoke sharply in chorus.

 The two would-be destroyers tumbled in a heap. Their fall was fol-
 lowed by a wild chorus of yells from ihe thickets and bowlder piles
 above.

 A volley of bullets came from there and rattled harmlessly against
 the steel netting, showing lhat the cowboys were there located in
 great force.

 IIow they had chanced to be ibere at that critical moment our ad-
 venturers could only guess.

 But Frank mentally concluded that at best they were but a division
 of Clill'a gang, and they had happened upon the spot by chance.

 Seeing the Steam Man they had seized what seemed lo them a Hne
 opportunity to destroy it.

 How far short they came of it we have already seen.

 A red-hot contest now began between the cowboys and those in the
 steel wagon.

 Of course our three friends had a vast advantage inasmuch as they
 were protected from the shots of their foes.

 Of course the outlaws far outnumbered them, but It was not at all
 a difficult matter to pick them oil occasionally wilh a rille bullet.

 Volley after volley the cowboys fired at the Sleam Man.

 When at length it became patent to them lhat their shots were fu-
 tile, they made the air ring with yells of baffled rage.

 Then they ceased firing and silence ensued. Every cowboy had
 disappeared seemingly from the canyon wall.

 But this diu not deceive Frank Reade, Jr.

 Ue knew that this was only a game of the foe and that it would yet
 be unsafe to try the pass.

 “ Bejabers, ain’t there some other way av gettln’ out av this place!”
 cried Barney, glviug the plateau u sweeping glance.

 But ihe chain of hills surroundiug it did not lend color lo such a
 possibility.

 “ It don’t look like it," said Frank, dubiously.

 “ 1 je3’ fink dat am de only way out ob dis plnce,” said Pomp.

 “ We are in a kind of irnp,” declared Frank Reade, Jr. “ Wo
 were not sharp or we would have-avoided this scrape."

 As it was, however, the best they could do was to watch for au op-
 portunity to run the gauntlet through the Pass,

 But they had not long to wait for new and thrilling developments.
 Suddenly Pomp gave a startled cry.

 “ For massy sakes, Marse Frank, jes’ yo’ look out yonder. What*
 ebher am dey up lo now?”

 Over the edge of the plateau there was visible a line of men advanc-
 ing rapidly toward the Sleam Man.

 They Were deploying right aud left as if to surround him. This was
 certainly their purpose.

 '■ They're lliryin' lo surround us!" cried Barney.

 Frank watched the maneuver with deep intrrest.

 He smiled grimly.

 This was certainly the purpose of the foe. But the young invent«r
 saw in the move a betterment of his own chances.

 “ They will not gain whal they hope lo,” he said, resolutely.

 Then he saw that a line of armed men had deployed across tlio
 mouth of the Pass lo prevent the Steam Man from escaping in that
 direction.

 In Frank’s judgment there were fully two hundred cowboys in the
 party. This was tremendous odds, but the young inventor did not
 fear the results.

 With a wild cheer the cowboys began to close their line in about
 the Siearn Man.

 Frank Reade, Jr., opened the whistle valve and let out several de-
 fiant shrieks.

 Then he started the Steam Man In a straight line for the pass.

 Pomp and Barney with their repeaters began to Are upon the line of
 men there.

 The repeaters did deadly work.

 It was a constant fusillade, and the cowboys dropped like sheep.
 The error of their plan could now be seen.

 In dividing their force3 lo make the surrounding line, they had
 weakened theinselve3. Frank had seen this.

 If they had been merely content wilh holding the pass, it would
 have been exlremely doubtful if the Steam Man could so easily have
 escaped.

 Just as fast as they could work the slx'.een-shot Winchesters, Bar-
 ney and Poinp mowed down the opposing line of cowboys.

 The line was thin, and it would have required a very solid corps to
 have wilhstood that scathing lire.

 Down went the Steam Mah toward the Pass with fearful speed.

 Heaps of the dead and wounded cowboys lay upon the ground. As
8

FRANK READE, JR.. AND HIS NEW STEAM MAN.

 tho Sleani Man reached tho Pass, a number of the cowboys tried to
 i-rasp the Lliroille reins and stop ihe. machine.

 liui the ponderous body of the Man kuocked them aside like Hies
 and the wheels ol tbe heavy wagon crushed them into death or insen-

 The Steam Man literally forged his way through the Pass like a

 r°i!urney and Pomp cheered wildly and lired parting shots at the dis-
 comfited foe.

 In a few momeuts the Sleain Man ran out upon the'prairie.

 Frauk did not waste tune but set big course ut once to tbe South-

 *	*He was anxious to locale Ranch V. This he believed was his first
 and most important duty.

 tie was satisfied that nothing was to be gained by remaining in the

 " llo was confident Hint CHIT had gone to ihe Ranch V wherever it
 was. More tlmn all else, he was powerfully Interested in tbe mys-
 terious young lady os described by Pomp.

 lie was determined to know who she was, and what Cliff held her in
 captivity lor.

 The day was rapidly drawing to a close.

 After a short while the hills faded out of sight, and the rolling
 prairie was visible opon every hand.

 Then, as the Steam Mau took Ids long strides across the even plain,
 Frank suddenly caught sight of a beaten path or trail.

 It was plainly a trail much used and bore a irifle east of south.
 Frank brought ihe Man to a stop.

 •• 1 would like to know where lhat trail goes to?" he declared. 111
 am not sure hut it Is the route to Ranch V.-’

 •‘Golly, Marpe Frank!” cried Pomp, craning his neck and looking
 to the southward a little ways. •• What am dat jus' obnr dat roll in
 de peroiry? Am not dal some berry sumspicious objec’?”

 Frank gazed in the direction indicated aud saw a tall, blacK-looking
 timber seeming lo rise out of the roll in Ihe prairie. But he knew
 that It was beyond.

 Frank let the Steam Man go along for a quarter of a mile, and top-
 ping the rise a starillng eight was revealed.

 There, scattered over several acres of land were-the blackened ruins
 and charred llmbara of some buildings.

 it was easy lo see what these buildings lmil constituted.

 A large ranch with stockade, extensive cattle pens and yards, hnd
 oncu nood upon this spot. Frank allowed ths Steam Man to pass
 through Die ruins.

 Tholiing sights were accorded our adventurers.

 There were heaps o! ashes, the bones of animals, and several
 Charred skeletons of human beings.

 There was every evidence lhat a fight had occurred at the place, and
 linn the ranch hall been burned by either Indians or rival cowboys.

 Ah chance Imd il the sign which, painted in broad letters, had once
 lmr_’ over the yard gate, had not been destroyed, aud lay upou the
 ground nenr.

 Our explorers were enabled to read it plainly.

 •• Hodman Ranch.”

 Harney and Pomp descended from from the wagon, aud spent some
 time in exploring the ruins.

 •• 1 Jes' link de liiglnes burned up dis yer place," averred Pomp.

 •• Begorra, It's the divil's own job they med avil," declared Burney.
 But Frank said, with conviction:

 ••Just as likely il was the work of Cliff and his gang. They are out-
 laws ui best, and il Rodman Ranch was a respectable place, they
 would be sure lo wish it destroyed.”

 Barney nnd Pomp re-entered' the wagon now, and once more the
 quest for Rinc’i V was begun.

 But night came on, aud they had obtained no clew.

 A good place was found lo cam]), and il was decided to wait until
 morning before pursuing the journey further.

 Accordingly everything was made comfortable with this end in
 view.

 .Si' camp liro wns made, for this was not deemed necessary
 At nighi they always .slept in the wagon, and Barney and Pomp
 served turns in watching.

 The tires In the hiruace were banked, and ihe Steam Man was »iven
 a test just the same as the others.	"

 One place was always as good us another in camping out thus, save
 that II was necessary lo lie n.-ar a body of water, so that the boilers
 could be 0fl«a with ease the next morninir.

 The Steam Man was thus cared for, ihe lire? banked, and everythin"
 mad* shipshape when, after Barney had been on watch not more than
 two hou-.s the iirst of a series of thrilling incidents occurred.

 The night was as dark as Erebus, not a star twinkled in the ether,
 for heavy hlack clouds overhung all.	'

 Suddenly Barney saw a light glimmering far out on the prairie.

 Ion-'time11	* re8'>ecl“ble 3izo u,1(> continued lo blaze for a

 be’tVerof Wm.alChed “ *" “ ‘°ng Wh"e- The" hi3 curiosit>' got the

 •• Bejabers, that's quare,” he muttered. '■ I'll make sure there’s
 something wrong about that now.”	meres

 Barney, acting upon impulse, leaned over and grasped Frank’s
 shoulder. Tlio youtig inveutor awoke with a start

CUAPTElt VII.

THE VIGILAXTS.

11 W-wiiat’s the matter?” gasped Frank, sleepily arousing himself.

 " Whlsi now, Miaiher Frank! There's a quare loight out yonder on
 tha perairy, an' 1 thought I'd jint cull yure attiulion to the satne,

 30‘- A light?" muttered Frank, now fully awake.

He got upon his feet, aud rubbing his eyes, stared at the distant

bL-That is odd,” he muttered. “ it will do to Investigate that."

 “ Sure, il may be a camp lire," ventured Barney,
 ir so, then we must find out who the campers are,’ declared
 Frank.

 it was but ail instant's work to arouse Pomp.

 Then the llres in the furnace were ilurted, a line of hose was run to
 a creek near, and the boiler was filled.

 Iu an incredible short space of time steam was got up, and the
 Steam Man moved ahead.

 Frank held the throttle reins aud directed the Steam Man s course
 toward the distantjeamp-tire. :

 For such it was, as became evident as they drew near.

 At first no movement was made by the camping party, and Frank
 fancied that they had nobody on guard.

 Bui as the Strain Man willi clankiii” tread came within one hundred
 yards of the cuinp, a wild shout went up and a gun was discharged at
 the Steam Man.

 Frank was now able lo 3ee the circle of the camp as revealed by the
 firelight

 Men had been rolled in blankets upon the ground to the number of
 a score.

 But these were now dpon their feet. Ju3t beyond it could be seen
 that nuifltanga were corralled.

Frank Reade, Jr., had uo way of knowing whether the campers were

 friends or foes.

 Le bad fancied them a part of Cliff’s cowboys. Still there was a
 possibility they were not.

 At any rate he conld not treat them a? foes until he learned posi-
 tively tliat they were such.

 So he brought the Steam Man to a stop just fifty yards from the
 canm.

 The scene iu the camp now wa3 a ludicrous one.

 The men were Blind with mingled fear, amazement and stupefaction
 at the sight of the Steam Man.

 The fiery eyes and nostrils and mammoth proportions of the man in
 the darkness made him look like a monster from the infeniul regions.

 The startled cries of the campers came to the amused hearing of
 those in the wagon.

 “Great Jericho! What d’yer call that thing?”

 11 it's the devil liisself!’’

 “ lie’s arter us!”

 “ That Inst drink at ther cross trails was too much for us boys.
 We’ve got ’em bad.”

 “ i reckon we’d belter fix up a prayer. Thor old gentleman has com
 to git us.”

Barney aud Pomp exploded with laughter. It was very tunny.

 But as soon as the pandemonium had for a moment subsided, Frank
 lieade. Jr. hastened to shout:

“ We’re human beings the same as vou. Have uo fear. Who

 aro you?”

 The words had an astounding effect upon the campers. After a
 moment of stupefied silence the answer came back.

 " Who the dlckf-ns are you?"

 “ I am Frank Reade, Jr., and this is my new invention, the Steain
 Man," replied Frank. " Vou have nothing lo fear.”

 The cumpors now saw the three inon in the wagon as Ramey turn-
 ed oil the light of the calcium and illuminated the vicinity.

 Al once their fear fled and a comprehension of all dawned upou them.
 " A steam Man, by thunder, aud built all of iron!”

 “ Wall, that beats ell!”

 “ What’ll come noxl?"

 “That heals the Iron hossall holler!”

 The canipers now came thronging about the wagon. As the nnm-
 ber wus limited, Frank did not (eel particularly uneasy, thongh be
 held the inrotlle ready and Barney and Pcmp had their repeaters at
 liaod.

But the feara otjour three adventurers were quickly allayed.

 One of the men, a tall, powerful framed man. came forward, and
 said:

 “ Wall, cap’en, we’re glad to meet you an’yer Steam Man. My
 name is aim Harmon, an’ I'm capialn of this band, who are all Vigi-
 lams from Poker Gulch. We're out on the trail of a gang of ruffians."

 11 \ lgllants!" cried Frauk Reade, Jr., with joy. " Then you are not
 members of the Artemas Clitl gang?"

 “Artemas Clitl!"cried Harmon'. “lie is the chap we want. If we
 can lay hands on him we'll etreich his neck, you bet. D’yer know
 whar we kin find him?"	’

 “ 1 am on his trail myself."

 “ The deuce ye are?”

 “It’sihe truth.”

 “ What tor?”

 wiM ffltUlpuEof tha WSS0D’and descendiDS 8hook hand9

Bo told him explicitly of the mysterious murder of which Jim Trav
FRANK READE, JR., AND HIS NEW STEAM MAN.

9

 era hail beeu adjudged guilty, but which it was believed was tbe work
 o( Clill.

 Harmon listened with interest.

 “So that’s another gume of ilier cuss!" he cried. “ Wall, that’s a
 bail one, but I reckon we've a wuss count agin him, stranger.”

 " Indeed!" exclaimed Frank.

 " Did ye cum across tiier ruins of a r»uch out hyar on ther peralry
 some miles?"	*

 •■I did."

 Wnll, that was onct Rodman Ranch, an' Ralph Rodman was or.e
 of the best men iu this part of ther West But that ornery cus.i Cliil
 fell iu love with pretty Bessie Rodman, his darter, an’ when Ralph
 denied him the riglu lo come a-cnurtin' her, ther scoundrel jest
 brought down a gang of hoodlums an’ burned down the ranch, toted
 oil ther gal, an’ killed all ther rest about ther place."

 “Uorrinle!’- exclaimed Frank. “ But you have not told ine of Rod-
 man. What became of biin?”

 “ Wall, that illnstrates ther villainy of Iher cuss. Just previous lo
 buniio’ ther ranch, two men, Sid Bowen an’ Jem Ducey, hired by
 Cliir, enticed Ralph to New York by bringin’ him a bogus message
 from a brother, who was represented as bein' in great distress. Thut's
 lha last Beeu of Rodman. Wlmt liiey did with him we don't know.
 But I’ve heard that Bowen an’ Ducey have returned, an’ Rodman
 didn'i cum with ’em. It's my belief lie’s been done away with, an’
 it’s alt a game of Cliffs lo get llie gal Bessie into his possession."

 A great cry bioke from the lips or Frank Reade, Jr.

 Tliis story of Ilarnion s he had listened lo eagerly, and, as it was
 unfolded, bit by bit, a clear, concise comprehension of all now came
 to him.

 He saw the hideous details, the cold, scheming construction of a
 deep aud awful plot, involving murder und abduction aud terrible
 wrong.

 “Great heavens!” he gasped, wiping cold perspiration from his
 brow. “Your story throws a great light upon the matter which i
 have in hand. Mr. Harmon."

 “The deuce you say!" gasped the captain of the Vigilantes.

 "It is the truth," cried Frank. •• X think I can lell you the true
 fate of Ralph Rodman, ami you will agree that Clill is the projector of
 one of the most awful double plots of crime that human being could
 be capable of.

 The Vigilantes all gathered around the young inventor, agog with
 interest.

 “Ye don’t mean it?" gasped Harmon, with amazement. “Ye’re
 huntin' Cliff then ther same as we are?"

 “ Yus "

 “Wbatfer!”

 "To force a confession or explanation from him of a mysterious
 mnrder of which his own uncle, James Travers, of New York, has
 been adjuged guilty and who i3 now in prison awaiting his sentence
 of hanging about a year from now.

 "Oil, this villain is a deep one. Ent I have told you of that mys-
 terious murder and, as Heaven is my judge, I believe the victim of
 that muider which was purposely thrown upon Travers was Rodmnn.
 You see Cliff’s object in throwing the murder upon Travers was to see
 him hang and thus inherit his vast wealth."

 For a moment ufler this statement silence reigned.

 Appalled with the magnitude oKlie villain’s plot all remained si-
 lent. Bul llie mystery was cleared up at last.

 All understood now exactly the deep game of Artemas Cliff.

 But one sentiment reigned supreme iu the breasts of all. Artemas
 Cliff should be brought to justice.

 It was easy enough to see how the wretch In planning to win Bessie
 Rodman had enticed Rodman to llie East and there murdered him.
 Then to kill two birds with one stone he had caused ihe awful crime
 by clever circumstantial evidence to be thrown upon bis wealthy uncle,
 James Travers.

 Of course, with Travers’ death, he would inherit tbe millions left by
 him.

 Ralph Rodman was dead. The ranch was a heap of ashen.

 For these crimes Arlemas Cliff was responsible. But Bossie Rod-
 man was yet in bis power. Travers was near the gallows.

 These two people must be saved.

 Frank Reade, Jr., saw the mission, as did Harmon.

 lustinctively they clasped hands.

 “ I reckon we both know what to do," declared the Vigilant captain
 tersely. " P’r’aps we kin work together. I’ll help you all I kin."

 “ And I will help you," replied Frank. " We will bring Cliff to jus-
 tice it the Steam Man can help us to do it."

 “ He will hang i( I kin get my hands onto him.”

 " But we must make no mistake. He is strongly backed up. You
 have only twenty-live men with you."

 '■ But they air all men," replied Harmon, pluckily.

 " I will not question that," replied Frank, “ but the weight of num-
 bers would defeat you. Cliff has several hundred men in his com-
 mand."

 “ We're not afraid of ’em.' Yet ye’re right ennff. It’s well fer us to
 go easy.”	*

 " It Is well to be careful,” said Frank. “ I think that you had bet-
 ter keep along with us for a time."

 “All right!"

 " I think there is no doubt bul that the young girl whom Pomp saw
 in the hills was Bessie Rodmnn."

 “In course it was her."

 " They were taking her to Ranch V. Do you know where it is?"

 “ Yus," replied Harmon, quickly, •• that's on Stone River, an' it’s a
 pesky big place too. Thor's a big stockade around il an' armed men
 are alius a-watchin’ for fear an outsider will gll in. So that’s ther
 place, eh? Wall, it will be hard to git Bessie out of Ranch V."

 " She slmll be got out or I will give my life in the attempt!" cried a
 tall, handsome young plainsman with Qushinz eyes.

 lie looked much in earnest. Frank gazeil at him critically. A
 little laier he was introduced to him as Walter Barrows, a rising
 young stockman, and the lover of pretty Bessie Rodman.

CHAPTER VIII.

OX TO RANCH V.

 Plans were quickly made.

 It was decided 10 work upon strategical grounds, as their force was
 so much lighter than dill's.

 “ You see, if we cau strike Ranch V. at a time when Clill an i the
 majority of bis men are ill the hills we can capture the place," declared
 Flank, shrewdly.

 " That’s biznesa," agreed narmon, “ bul ye're the boss. I kir. seo
 that ye've got a better head piece nor I bave. Mister Reade.”

 " Wo will not admit that,” said Frank, modestly, "but rather let
 us work together, Mr. Harmon.”

 •' All right, cap'en. I'm with ye.”

 Futlier plans were elaborated, then as only a few hours yet Inter-
 vened until dawn, il was decided to snatch a fow brief hours "f sleep.

 With ihe early dawn all were astir. The Vigllants saddled their
 mustangs end all was soon ready for the start.

Tbe Steam Man was an object of great wonder to the plainsmen.

 “ By Jinks!" exclaimed one of them, “ ihe sight of llml queer-
 lookin’ critter oughter scare llie life out of any nutnner of Injuns.”

 I	think the Steam Man will aid us much in accomplishing our
 ends,” said Frank, modestly.

 The start was made just after daybreak. The Vigilauts rode along-
 side the Sleam Man on their mustangs.

Of course Frank was compelled to go more slowly on this account.

 But the Vigilantes knew the way lo Ranch V, and this was, after
 all, the most important thing of all.

 Frank considered it a great piece of luck in having fa'len in with
 the Vigilantes.

 He now understood exactly how matters stood all around.

 It was near noon when a halt was called Id a small basin near a
 lake of water.

 Here camp wnB briefly made, and also at the same time an impor-
 tant discovery cair.e to hand.

 A broad trail made by a cavalcade of men and horses was dis-
 covered.

 It pointed to the north.

 Harmon examined it carefully and finally, with great exuberance,
 cried:

 ‘•It’s good luck, friends. That thar trail 1 believe was made ther
 cowboys ar,’ it leads to ther hills. It’s over three days old, an’ they
 haven’t come back this way. I should think that the most “f their
 men must be up there, in which case Ranch V. will be almost deserted.
 Cum on, boys, let’s capture ther hull place."

 With a cheer the Vigilants sprang lo saddle.

 Soon they were or.ee more galloping over the prairie.

 Not two hours later,or in the middle of the afternoon, Harmon drew
 his horse alongside ihe Steam Man and pointing to the south cried:

 “ Look yonder, Mr. Reade. Do ye Bee them lines of high ground?
 Wall, jest this side ar ther Ranch V.”

 A cheer went up from all.

 '• Begorra, it’s Ranch Ours it'll be, If iver we get there," declared
 Barney.

 " Golly, won't dis be a big ’sprise party (o’ dat vilyan Cliff,” cried
 Pomp.

 Frank Reade, Jr., held the Steam Man at a steady stride, and very
 soon the ranch came in sight.

 It was truly a most exteusive establishment.

 The stockade and buildings covered acres of grouud. A great herd
 of cattle were feeding on the open plains.

 The main ranch itself was surrounded by a high stockade, which
 would resist most any ordinary attack with small nrms.

 As the Vigilauts and the Steam Man came swiftly rushing down
 npon the place, a great commotion was seen to take place.

 Men rushed out into ihe yards, horseineu weut scurrying about,
 and down came the stockade >;atp.

 But Harmon and his men rode boldly down to the gate, and began
 to assail it with axes.

 While Frank Reade, Jr., kepi the Steam Man on an elevation near,
 from which he with Barney and Pomp, covered the work of invasion
 by a hot lire with their Winchesters.

 The cowboys could not get upon the stockade to Bre at the assail-
 ants for this reason.

 Harmon’s men therefore worked with perfect immunity.

No more favorable lime for an attack could have been chosen.

 There were bul few of the cowboys In the ranch, and these were
 picked off by the lire from the Sleam Man as fast as they appeared on
 the stockade.

 With lusty cries the vigilants chopped through the timbers of the
 gate.

 Iu a remarkably brief time a hole was cut through and the gate
 raised.

The Steam Man rushed into the yard, and in less than tea mfn-
10

FRANK READE, .JR., AND HIS NEW Sl'EAM MAN.

ules every cowboy iu the place was a prisoner, and Raucli V. was capt-
ured.

 Walter Barrows, Ibe brave young stockman, was the nrst to enter
 the malu ranch.

 The iuatinct of a lover took him to the chamber in which Bessie
 Rodman was kept a prisoner.

 He burst in the door and clasped the young girl in hla arms.

 That was a joyous meeting.

 When they appeared in the yard the vigilants cheered wildly. It
 was a brilliant victory.

Rauch V. was captured.	.

 The stronghold of ihe outlaw Cliff, the don of villainy and vice,
 was caplured. ll did not require much lime for them 13 reach a de-
 cision as to what to do.

 “Every building must be laid low!” cried Harmon. “Pul the torch
 to every accursed limber.

 The cry was takeu up and spread from lip to lip.

 In haste torches were procured. Uarinou himself lit the first, and
 was about lo apply It to a building.

 Bui be did not do so.

 A thrilling incident stopped him. A loud cry went up.

 "The cowboys! they are coining! To arms everybody! There
 comes Clifl at liieir head!"

 Every eye was turned to the pluiu beyond the stockade.

 There was no disputing the truth. Cliff and his gang returning
 from the hills had come just in time.

 Il would be folly now to burn ihe ranch.

 Harmon seeing the desperate exigency dropped the torch, an ! cried:
 “ To Ihe Blockade! Il's for life or dea'.h, hoys. Fight to tlie last!”
 Bjt the command was not necessary. Already the brave Vigilants
 were at their posts.

 Cliff' with bis small army of followers came on at a swinging gallop.
 He could see lhat the ranch was iu the possession of a foe.

 This iutlamed his wrath, and, wilh loud curses and yells, he rode
 down in the van of bis followers.

 Frank Reade, Jr., had taken in the situation at a glance.

 He knew tbal it would be flatly impossible for the score, of vigilants
 to hold those three huudred desperadoes long at bay.

 ll	would mean ihe eveutual massacre of every vigilant. This Frank
 wished to avoid.

 The young inventor had Induced Bessie Rodman to seek refuge in
 the wagon. Otherwise, she would certainly fall into the hands of the
 foe again.

 Frank started the Steam Man ahead, and went down to the stock-
 ade. lie made the vigilantes a hasty address.

 Nothing will be gained by holding this place.” lie declared, wilh
 force. “ You cannot do il. The odds are too great.”

 “ But we cannot surrender,” cried Harmon, “ and how can wo
 retreat?”

 “ Easily enough, ” replied Frank, “there is a rear gate. Open it
 and cut out upon the prairie.”

 “ But lliey may overtake us?”

 “ It is your only hope. You'll have lo work lively, for they are try-
 ing to surround Ihe Blockade. Pll cover your retreat easy enough.”
 Harmon Baw that Frank was right.

 Ue did not pause to argue ihe point further. With quick com-
 mands he caused his men lo fall back.

 The stockade gate iu the rear was openod just iu time, and Ihe vigi-
 lants rushed oul upcn Ihe prairie.

 Tney set out al a mad gallop for the distant hills.

 The cowboys witli mad cries followed. But thoy met wilh quite a
 serious obstacle in their pursuit.

 The Steam Man kept exasperalingly between them and the vigi-
 lants.

 From the rear loopholes of the wagon Barney and Pomp kept np a
 steady lire with the Winchesters.

 Nearly every shot emptied a saddle, and dospite their superior num-
 bers, the cowboys soon found il better and safer to keep well out of
 range.

 The pursuit lasted for ten miles. Then the horses of both parties
 became fagged and they were compelled lo halt.

 But Harmon's men, by dint of careful work, got their horses into
 the fastnesses of the hills. Here they felt more secure.

 The Steam Man had well covered the retreat of the vigilants. Bat
 darkness was now coming 011 aud a serious question presented ilself
 to Frank Reade, Jr.

 To remain where they were for the night would be to incur the risk
 of a midnight attack from the cowboys.

 This might result seriously.

 Al least Frank was disposed to evade It.

 He consulted wilh Harmon, and the result was an arrangement
 which it was believed would be better for all.

 Iu the fastnesses of the bills Harmon felt sanguine of lioldiug his
 own against the cowboys.

 Therefore il was decided that the Steam Man should leave the vi-
 cinity and go far euough away over the prairie to make sure of safety
 for the liight.

 Accordingly Frank left the vicinlly and sent the Man striding over
 the plain in the dusk of evening.

 There was no visible indication lhat the cowboys ialended to our-
 eue.	r

 They had apparently gone into camp not live miles distant.

 Frank kepi on wilh the Steam Man until iweuty miles had been
 covered-

 Then he came to a halt.

 It seemed as if they must feel safe bore. Accordingly, arrangements
 were made for passing the night.

 I	comfortable seat was arrange ! for Bessie Rodman and, raucli ex-
 hausted by the fatigue of Her experiences, she qmCKly fell asluep

 Bui tears had wet her cheeks and trembled on her eyelashes. Frank
 had told her of her father's death.

 “Oh 1 fear it is more than I can bear, she dec.ared, in agjnv of
 spirit. '“My dear, dear father. Oh, if I were a man, how 1 would

 "There are plenty to do lhat,” replied Frank, cheeringly. ‘‘Thevil-
 lain shall surely pay for his evil deeds.”

 " I hope it mav come to pas-, she said, sincerely.

 Then she dropped oil to sleep. But even as she slept, deadly peril
 hung over her youug and beautiful head.

CHAPTER IX.

POMP’S MISTAKE.

 Frank Reade, Jr., fell comparatively safe as lie rolled himself up
 in a blanket and went lo sleep. He did not believe that the villain,
 Cliff, would be able to molest them that night.

 It was Barney's flri-t watch.

 The Hiberniun, until midnight, kept a good lookout in the cage.
 Then he called Pomp to succeed him.

 The darky kept a good lookout unlil the early morning hours.

 The darkness was most intense.

 At about this time Pomp experienced a deadiy faintness at ihe pit
 of the stomach and a groat longing for water.

 His thirst became most consuming, aud il seemed as it he must, ai
 any cost, gratify iu

 Bui he found, upon looking in the tank, that it was empty.

 There was 1101 a gill of cold water in the wagon. Pomp grew Bober
 with this dampening reflection.

 “ I jes’ link if I had a bit of watab I would be a' right,” he mutter-
 ed; “ but how -ibber am dis niggah gwine fo’ to eel It, dat’s whal I'd
 like to kuow."

 Pomp went, to the steel screen and tried to penetrate the darkness.

 Ue knew that not ten yards distant were the waters of a small
 creek. He could hear them rippling now.

 II	was directly at variance wilh his orders to open the C»ge doar.
 Yet il seemed to Pomp as if be must do so.

 The risk did not seem great.

 There seemed little likelihood of the proximity of a foe.

 Pomp fell certain lhat lie coold reach the creek, get his drink, anil
 gel back safely to the wagon.

 He was sorely tempted. The desire was most powerful.

 "Golly!" he muttered, wilh a wry face. " What am I gwine fo' lo
 do? I don’ beliebe dar’s any danger ob eoing out dar, but If Marse
 Frank knew it he’d lix me putty quick. Sakes allbe! but what ora a
 chile gwine fo’ lo do? I am mos' dyln’ fo' a drink ob wa'.ah."

 Pomp thought of awukeuing Barney and enlisting bis aid.

 Bui he reflected lhat the Cell would be certain lo disagree wilb his

 echeme.

 There was no other way but to assume the responsibility himself.
 Pomp drew' a deep breath.

 Then he fell 10 listening.

 All was silent as the grave.

 "S!io!" he muttered. " Dar ain't no danger at all. I'll jesl tab
 dat wotuh as suah as I’m born."

 Ue quickly slid back the boll in the door and opened It.

 Then he stepped out of the wagon. In another moment be glided
 down 10 the water's edge.

 Pomp llung himself llut and began to drink of the creek water.

 But he had not taken one drink when he became aware of an appall-
 ing sensation. lie turned his head and glanced back al llic Siram

 Man.

 The lantern banging in the cage showed the open door and all a.-
 plain as day. But, great heavens! What did he see?

 Dark forms were swarming about the machine. One was already in
 Ihe^wagon.

 Pomp saw this much, and then his attention was claimed by another
 matter. Ue suddenly felt a heavy body descend npon him and talon
 lingers clutched lus ihroal.

 III	that flash of time Pomp had turned partly over.

 He was just in lima to «ee the flash of a knife blade. He made a
 convulsive upward blow, and grasped the wrist of his unknown as-
 Bailaot

 By the merest chance the death blow had been averted.

 But it was a close call.

 Then with a herculean effort Pomp rolled over the edge of the bank,
 and ihe next moment, with a powerful swing, he had brought him-
 self and assaileut into the water of Ihe creek.

 The sudden bath caused Pomp's adversary to relax his grip.

 The darky had no further motive for continuing the slroggle,
 and striking out swam for the opposite bank.

 He clambered out of the water, and crawled into a thicket.

 There lie lay shivering, aud wituessed a thrilling scene npon the
 other bank of the creek.

 The occupants of the wagon had all been aroused, and were every
 one prisoners, in the power of Cliff and lus cowbovs.

 The outlaw had managed to cover the twentv miles, skillfully follow-
 ing the trail by means of a dark lantern.

 lie had been hovering wilh his minions about the Steam Man, just
 as I omp committed the indiscretion of leaving the door open.
FRANK READE,^ JR., AND III3 NEW STEAM MAN.

11

 Of course it was an easy matter tor the cowboys lo board the wagon
 and make prisoners of all on board.

 The glee of Cliff was beyond expression.

 lie danced and clapped his hands wilh fiendish joy. He pinched
 Bessie's arms until she screamed with agony, and with brutal laughter
 roared:

 •' Oh, I'll make ye all danco. Ye thought ye’d git away from me.
 did ye, gait I’ll show ye lhat ye cau’t gel away from Ariemaa Cliff.
 Ha, ha, Im! Wliat a good joke."

 He laughed uproariously.

 “All mine,” lie continued. 11 And this Steam Man, this wonderful
 invention, is just what 1 wont. I can travel around iu great style.
 Oh, Mr. Frank Reade, Jr., I'll dance on your grave yet.”

 “Monster!" cried Frank, writhing in his bonds. “ You’ll never
 succeed. A righteous God will never permit it."

 The villain gave his men carle blanche to make camp and Indulge

 lo	a carousal.

 They did so until daybreak, and then Cliff stated tbal it was his
 purpose to go back to Ranch V.

 ll did not take him long to understand the mechanism of the Steam
 Man.

 ne quickly found out how to use the throttle reins. lie was aided
 by the tael that he bad once been a locomotive engineer.

 Wilh the early morning light the start for Ranch V. was made.

 And Pomp, wet and shivering and horrified, crouched in the thicket
 upon Ihe bank of the creek, saw the Sleam Man and bis friends, all
 in the power of the foe, lake depart”.™.

 When lhey had gone Pomp came out of his hiding-place.

 “ Golly!" he muttered, wilh distended eyeballs, I jes’ fink dis nig-
 ger hah done de berry awfulest ling eber known. Dar am only oiie
 way lo' Pomp to sabe his honor, an' dat am to lix some way to rescue
 Marse Frank an’ all ob lie odders, an’ I'll do it if I can.”

 Pomp was very mnc'j in earnest.

 He was a brave and generous fellow, and willing at any time lo sac-
 rifice his life for his master.

 Iu some manner he must certainly vindicate himself. He crossed
 the creek again and stood upon the spot where the Steam Man had
 beer,.

 Of course the machine was out of si^ht by this time, but neverthe-
 less, Pomp look the trail and proceeded to follow It.

 For some hours he trudged on over the prairie. All the while the
 darky was revolving in his mind some plan for the relief of his friends.

 Ho was bound to admit lhat it wa3 a puzzle. Yet he did not lose
 hope.

 The hills were every moment becoming plainer. Already Pomp had
 covered live of the twenty miles.

 TLe.darky was a good walker, and no distance was too great for his
 trained muscles.

 The sun was beginning to run high in Ihe heavens, and p brisk
 breeze blew across the prairie.

 Pomp kept on steadily.

 The trail kept on toward the hills, and the sagacious darky reflected
 that Cliff was likely going to join the main body of his men.

 “Ijes’fink I can see what dat rascal am up to,” muttered Pomp.
 “ He am jus’ too sharp to let de game slip him once he gits his clutches
 Onto It. He am jus’ goin’ fo’ to lake de Steam Man lo his Ranch V.,
 and dar’s whar dis darky must go an' try fo' to work some leelle plan
 fo' lo rescue Frank Reade, Jr., an' de odders. Dat am a fac’.”

 With this logical conclusion Pomp trudged on.

 He was now on the last live miles of his journey to the hills. The
 Bua was long past the noon hour when Pomp, by dint of rapid walk-
 ins, had made the hills.

 There was no sign visible of Ihe Steam Man or of the comboys.

 Bni Pomp saw tbal the trnil continued around ihe base of the hills.
 This puzzled the darkey a moment.

 He paused and scratched bis head in deep thought.

 “Dili am a <1 re flu I queer thing," he mutlered. “ Dat ain'l de way
 to£0 to Ranch V, if I'se right in mah conjecksiiun.”

 Then he paused, and a light of comprehension broke acr03shis face.
 A distant sound had come to his hearing. It was the faint rattle of
 fire-arms fur up in llie hills.

 “Golly!" he ejaculated. "I see de irick ob dat berry sharp fox,
 Artemus Cllrt. lie am gwine fo' to gib de Vigilants a good lickin’
 afore lie goes to Ranch V. Dat am jus’ my bes’ way for to jiue Marse
 Harmon an’ his men, an’ help dem irnsh Ihe cowboys.”

 Pomp’s mind was made up.

 He would join the vigilants and do his best to give the cowboys a
 good drubbing. He at once slruck inlo the bills.

 But alas for Pomp!

 Luck seemed against the darky for the time being. He hail not
 more llian fairly entered a narrow pass when ail appalling incident
 occurred.

 The air was suddenly broken by wild yells, and in an instant he was
 surrounded by half a hundred painted savages, who burst from niches
 tfnd crevices in Ihe rocks about.

 They pounced upon him, and before Pomp had even time to think
 of resistance he was a prisoner.

 The savages swarmed aboui him like bee3. Words cannot express
 Pomp's dismay nt this turn.

 His eye3 bulged, and his knees shook a3 with the ague.	,

 " Fo' de good Lor' dis am driitful!” lie groaned. " I'se done fo' di9
 time, an’ dar am nobody lo rescue Marse Frank!"

 It was truly a dubious outlook. The savages were of Black IlutTalo's
 gang of Sioux, and they seemed much elated al getting the prisoner
 once more inlo their clutches.

 They chatwred and gesticulated like a flock of magpies, and 30me
 of them approached Pomp wiili their tomahawks os though they would
 fain make an end of him then and there.

 But the others held Ihem back aud an excited wrangle followed.

 All ibis while Pomp was writhing in bis bonds. Iu vain he tried to
 break them.

 For some while the savages wrangled. Then a compromise wa3
 made and Pomp was picked up bodily, and carried Ihrough the pass
 and into a small glade anmng some trees.

 Here be was lied lo a tree and a great heap of fagots were piled al
 bis feet.

 Wilh a chill of horror, the darky saw lhat the savages meant to
 lako bis life in a horrible manner.

 Ho was to sailer death In the flames. Pomp fell sick and faint.
 But ever, in that moment he thought not of himself, brave tellow, bul
 of Frank Reade, Jr., and the others.

 "Golly sakes, whoebber am gwine fo’ to sabe Marse Frank, now?’’
 he groaned.

CHAPTER X.

IX THE ENEMY’S POWER.

 Artemcs Cuff shouted in evil glee and triumph ns he manipulated
 the SLenm Man anil lei him out for a swifi run across the prairie

 lie amused himself by racing with his followers who were on horse-
 back.

 “ By jingo!” he roared, “this is more fun than I ever had before.
 Why ibis beats the steam-cars all to smash. And Il’s all mine. Why

 I	can travel like a prince now. Ha-ba-ha! I’m the luckiest man on
 earth.”

 He turned and fixed a glowering gaze upon Bessie Rodman.

 “ And ye’re mine loo," lie cried, " the lily of the prairie. The happy
 life companion of Arlemus Cliff When I gel my hands onto Uncle
 Jim Travers’ millions, we'll travel ihe world over, my daisy.”

 Bessie did not appear to heed his words, '.bough her face increased
 a trifle in ils pallor.

 “Monster!" cried Frank Reade, Jr., with intensity. “You will
 never succeed. Heaven will not permil it.”

 “ Heaven don’t have much lo do with mo," cried ihe villain, with
 a lurid oath. " The devil has been a good friend of mine, and I ain’t
 afraid of his place either."

 “Begorra, they wudn'l have ye even there," cried Barney. -Yez
 are too wicked for avin that place."

 “ Oh, ho, Irish, you've got your tonguo, eh?” cried Clifl, with a
 vicious laugh. “ So ye think I'm too bad, eh!"

 Be me sowl, thnr cudn't be a place too bad for yez!"

 “I'll have a nice little, hades tlxed fer yer right on this earth an*
 I’ll give ye a fair taste of il in advance, too," said llie villain, venge-
 fully.

 Arrali, yez can't scare me at all. al all," he relor:od. “Yer
 threats nre jisl the same as a puppy dog's bark."

 “ You’ll lind that I’m the kind of a dog that bites,'' averred the
 villain.

 “ It’s not me that cares fer yer bites."

 We'll see about that. Don't blow your horn too soon."

 “ Begorra, that's good advice fer yersllf, ye bluherskiu-? Av I
 on'y had me two hands to use now I’d baste the rascality o u av yez
 or i'd make a good job fer Iher undhertaker."

 ■•Talk is cheap," sneered the villain. "Ye'd belter savo yer
 wind."

 Il’s yersilf as nades it mosl," said Barney, bouni lo have the last
 word.

 Cliff evidently found Barney's tongue equal to his own, for be aban-
 doned the conversation in a sullen fashion.

 lies’sio Rodman made no attempt al speech.

 She snt silently in one corner of the wagon.

 Frank Reade, Jr., also remained silent.

 The twenly miles were quickly covered by llie Steam Man. Il was
 yet far from llie coon hour when they arrived at tho camp of the pre-
 vious night.

 The cowbows in full force were there, anj ns ClitT appeared with !bo
 Steam Man, they made the welkin ring wilh yells of delighl and Falis-
 faction.

 All crowded around to examine the 6team wonder and inspect it3
 mechanism.

 The prisoners looked out upon a sea of faces. They were not kindly
 regarded by ihe cowboys.

 “ Take ’em out and shoot ’em. Cliff!" cried a voice in the crowd.

 " Give ’em twenly paces and a grave seven feel deep.’'

 Bul Cliff refused lo do this.

 “ Leave il lo mo!" he cried. “ I’ve got a belter plan."

 “ Wbat is it?” was the cry.

 “ 1 want ye all to bo ready in half an hour lo go inlo ihe Iull3 an
 corner Harmon an' his gang. There must not one uf llie vigilanls
 go out of here alive."

 “ Ilurrah:" yelled the cowboys.

 " We can give them ihe worst thrnshin’ they ever had."

 " I11 course we can.”

 “ I11 regard to iheso prisoners, tlio gal Is going to he my wife. Tiio
 others I'm going to have some fun with down to llie ranch. We'll
 have a rabbit chase with ’em, or something of the kind."
FRANK READE, JR., AND HIS NEW STEAM MAN

12

 •• Good!" yelled the mob, carried away wiih llie plan.

 Thus Ihe fate of the prisoners was decided by their captors. But
 tbe question of attack upon the visilanls was now the one 111 order.

 Preparations were at once made for cornering Harmon and bis he-
 roic little band.

  Several parlies of cowboys were dispatched to head off any possible
  attempt at escupe from llie bills.

  Harmou’s men were certainly hemmed in on all sides, and il was a
  most dubious outlook for lliem.

  The exultation of the cowboys was beyond expression.

  •• We’ve got ’em dead sure!" cried Cliff, triumphantly. “ Not a one
  on ’em can possibly escape.”

  The cowbovs now began to close the line in about llieir prey.

 A puss was found through which the Steam Man was taken, and to
 a poml wiihin easy range of '.be position held by the Vigilauts.

 Hannon had choaea an elevated position OD a kind of small table-
 land or plateau.	. .

  Here behind bowlders he had concentrated his forces. Tbe position
  was nol a bad one to defend.

 To cburge upon it the cowboys would bave to ascend a height of
 flfiy feet or more ip the face of a strong fire.

  But Ibis sacrilice of men Cliff did not intend to make, at loast nol
  at once.

  There were other points of vantage about, which the cowboys quickly
  took possession of.

 From these a desultory Dre was kept up with the Vigilants with
 some loss upon both sides.

 But Harmon’s men could not very well withstand any loss what-
 ever. This the cowboys cculd stand better.

 The Steam Man, however, could advance to very close proximity
 with the Vigilants, aud those on board were safe from any shots of
 retaliation.

 This made it bad for Harmon for lie bad no way of checking this
 most destructive lire.

  It was a most galling thing for Frank Reade, Jr., to remain idle and
  see Ids invention ased in such a manner.

  lie groaned aloud with horror and dismay. Barney did the same.
  “wOh, if I could only free myself,” declared the young inventor.

  " Begorra, I wish 1 cud do that same,” muttered Barney.

  Clilf and the three cowboys with him in Ihe cage were doing their
  best to shoot every Vigilant who exposed himself.

  They were thus so deeply engrossed that they paid no special heed
  to the prisoners for the time.

  Barney, quick-witted Irishman, noted this fact.

  At a favorable moment he leaned over and whispered to Frank:

 " Bejabers, Misther Frank, I think 1 know av away to turn tbe
 tables on them blasted omadhouns."

  " The deuce!" gasped Frank. “ What is It, Barney?”

 Whisht now an' work quiet, me gossfon!" whispered Barney.
 " I'll luy down ferninal the side here an' yez kin turn yer wrists to-
 ward me mouth an' me teeth are no good av I dou’i cui them in two
 before so very fong.”

  Frank experienced a thrill.

  *• Can you do it, Barney?"

  “ Av course 1 kin."

  •• But if they see us-■"

 " They'll niver do tuat. Be aisy now, me gossoon, an’ roight on
 the shelf there there's a knolfe an’ yez kin cut my bonds at the same
 toime. Thin we kin take care av ther four av thim. I'll take '.wo
 mesilf."

 '• And I'm good for the other two or I'll die!" muttered Frank.
 " All right, Barney, do your best.”

  •• I will that.”

 But at ibis moment Bes9ie Rodman leaned forward, and in a soft
 whisper said:

  •* Walt! Tnere is a quicker way.”

 Frank and Barney were astonished.

  •• What?" exclaimed ihe young inventor.

  By way of reply Bessie drew both hands from behind ter.

  They were free. There were livid lines upon the fair wrists, where
  the cruel throngs had cut in.

  But the shapely hands were so small that Bessie had been enabled
  to slip them through Ihe bonds and free them.

 Up to this moment neither Frank nor Burney had looked upon the
 youn- girl as more than the ordinary weak woman.

  That is lo say, they had not given her credit for tbe amount of nerve
  she possessed.

  But they were given ample evidence of it now.

 •Juick as a flash, and with commendable resolution, she reached
 over hod seized tbe knife upon the shelf.

  it was but a moment's work for her to cut Frank’s bonds. As they
  snapped, the young Inventor took the knife and quickly cut Barney’s
  Their captors were at the loop-holes firing, and had not seen this
  move.

  Nothing could have worked belter.

 Frank picked np a club, and Barney an Iron bar. Nobody can
 handle a weapon of the sort better than an irishman.

 ' Whurroo! bad cess to yez fer a pacK av omodhouns," cried Bar-
 ney, dealing one of the cowboys a crashing blow on the head.

 Before one could think, ll.e iron bar came down upon the head
 of another. Both sank senseless lo the Boor of tbe wa"-on.

 I	lank Rende, Jr., bad knocked Clill senseless. Only0one of the
 loe was left, and he was quickly knocked out.

  Iu a twinkling, as il were, the tables were turned.

 Barnev and Frank Reade, Jr., were now masters of the Steam Mnn
 once more. The irrepressible Irishman pulled the whistle valve and
 sent up a shriek of dellance am! triumph.

 Then Frank Reade, Jr., swung open the wagon door.

 “Throw them out!” he cried; "a1! bul Clilf.”

 Barney obeyed the command. Tbe three cowboys were quickly
 dumped out upon ihe ground.	,

 But Ciiir was allowed to remain. The Yillam lay insensible in the
 bottom of the wagon.

 Frank was about lo bind him, when an imminent peril claiming his
 immediate attention prevented him.

 The cowboys were aware of tbe turning of '.he tables in '.he wagon.

 With mad yells they were rushing forward in a body to surround
 ihe Steam Man. Unless immediate action was made they would snc-

 Frank knew well the danger of this move.

 It would be an easy matter for the cowboys to rui“ the invention by
 a single blow. There wns but one way, and that was to beat a re-
 treat.

 Barney seized his repoater and began tiring inlo the crowd of cow-
 boys. Frank opened the throttle and sent the Sleam Man up the in-
 cline toward the stronghold of the vigilants.

 Of course the latter hud seen and understood all.

 They embraced the opportunity to pour a Hank tire into the ranks of
 the cowboys. Il was a moment’of thrilling sort, but the Steam Man
 seemed to have the best of it when n thrilling incident happened.

CHAPTER XI.

WITH TUB VIGILANTS.

 In another moment the Steam Man would have been in tbe ranks
 of the vigilants.

 Il would have been a great po'nl scored, for Cliff wouid then be a
 prisoner and the way to save Jim Tr tvers from the gallows would
 bave been paved.

 But il was nol to be.

 The villain had come to in the meanwhile, but cunning rascal that
 he was, had laid inanimate in the bottom of the wagon.

 He had seen all liiat was go!ug on, and when he saw that ihe Sleam
 Man wa3 certain to escape he knew that only desperate action upon
 his part would save him now.

 Accordingly while FranK and Barney were occupied at their posts,
 he made a sudden lightning leap for the door ill the cage.

 Unfortunately Barney bad not fastened il.

 A little scream of warning came from Beesie, but il was too late.

 The villain Hung open the door and sprung out.

 He tumbled heels over head down the decline.

 This was partly done on purpose^ avoid any bullets sent after him,
 Bul none struck him, and he was llie next moment in the ranks of
 his men.

 Frank turned just in time to see the daring escape.

 The young inventor’s disappointment was ao great that he came
 near leaving the wagon to pursue llie villain.

 “ Begorra, av ther divii’oin’l got clane away entoirely!" cried Barney
 in dismay.

 "I'm sorry.” returned Frank. “But take the precaution now,
 Barney, lo bolt that iloor."

 Burney complied with alacrity.

 Then he was obliged lo return to his post, for the enemy were thick
 in the rear.

 But the next moment the Steam Man topped the rise.

 A volley from tbe Vigilants drove the cowboys bnck for the time.

 Then Frank Reade, Jr., brought tbe machine to a halt upon tbe
 plateau.

 The Vigilants were wild with delight, and crowded about the Steam
 Man. Frank Reade, Jr., opened the door and descended among Ihem.

 In an instant Harmon was by his side and had gripped his hucd.

 "God bless ye, Mr. Reade!” cried Ibe whole-souled plainsman,
 “ll’s like lakin' the pnw of one brought back from the dead. Dog-
 dnst it, but I'd given ye up entirely when I see that your Steam Man
 was in the hands of that coyote. It's all like a kind of miracle.''

 “I think we may congratulate ourselves," said Frank, " but do J02
 know that we are in a tight box?"

 "Nobody knows il better,” declared Harmon.

 “ I doubt if we pull out of it.”

 “ What kin we do?”

 "Is there no avenue open for retreat?" asked Frank.

 "Not a one."

 "Then we can only stay here and light to the last. Of conrse 1
 might be able to elude them with the Steam Man, but I'd never trv
 that while any of your band are left."

 “P’raps it would be ther besl way.” said Harmon, generously.
 “ At least you could save llie gal. It don’t matter so much about us.
 We're only rough men. and not a one of us afeared lo die.”

 “You are heroes!” cried Frank, with fervor, “and it I should de-
 sert you, I would forswear my honor as a man. No, the Sleam'Man
 will stay here and light for you until the last, depend on it.

 “In course we need your help," replied Harmon. "Mebie we'll
 whip ther 9kunks yet.”

  •• We'll iry it.”

 “ Begorra, that we will,” cried Barney. “ Whurroo! av’ I only bad
 a good whack at that baste av’ a Clilf now I'd sphoil his beauty
 foriver.

 Walter Barrows and Bessie had been holding a joyful conference.
 Bul now the order went up:
FRANK READE, J11., AND HIS NEW STEAM MAN.

13

 "Every man lo his post. The enemy are coming.”

 There were no delinquents. Not one in lhat heroic little band hung
 back.

 Ii was true thm the foe were coming again lo the attack.

 With Cliff leading them they were charging furiously up tlio hili.
 Bui the Vigilants stood firm anil gave them a raking volley.

 Kora momenl they wavered. Then once more they came on.

 Cliff’s voice couid-be heard as lie rallied them.

 •■Curse ye, go on up tliar and kill tho hull crew of 'em:" he
 yelle.'. " Don’t let one of Ihem escape alive! Kill 'em, every one,
 and don’t give any quarter!"

 " We'll see about that," muttered Frank Reade, Jr. •• It mav
 not be so easy to do all that, Mr. Cliff."

 Frauk and Barney, from their position aboard the Steam Man,
 could pour a terrible lire into the tanks of the foe.

 It was a terrible battle!

 The cowboys were mowed down like grain before the sickle; yet
 they did not waver, but came on faster.

 Every moment they drew nearer the top of the rise. II they sur-
 rounded it the sequel would be brief.

 Overpowering muscles would quickly tell tho story, and Ihe little
 band of Tigilonis would be wiped out of existence.

 It was, without doubt, Clifl'a purpose to give no quarter. A whole-
 sale massacre would be ihe resglt.

 The Vigilants were now lighting for their lives. As well die facing
 the foe as with back turned. Every man was resolute in this.

 Bal the tremendous body of men swept over the rise and gained the
 plateau. In a twinkling the Vigilants were surrounded, and il seemed
 as if no power would Intervene to save them from sure aud total ex-
 tinction.

 Frank Reade, Jr., look in the situation at a glance, and cried de-
 spairingly:

 "Barney, we are lost! Our end has come, aud we are as good as
 dead meu already!"

 Poor Pomp saw no way out of the awful situation m which be wa3
 placed.

 Death in its most awful form was npon him.

 A worse fate could not be imagined.

 Tlie savages piled ihe brushwood about him, and danced with
 demoniac yells about tbe pile.

 If Pomp could have turned pale, he would liave been whiter than
 chalk at that moment.

 But for all this, tbe darky's fears were even now more for hia friends
 than for himself.

 "Golly Massy!" he chattered, shivering like one with the agiw.
 “Whalebber will be de end ob all dls. Yere Iae gwine fo' to lie
 burned to death, nnd Marse Frank in de clutches ob dal rascal Cliff,
 an' nobody to rescue him. Oh, good Lor’ il am ilrefl'ul.”

 Il was indeed a dreadful thing.

 Bat Pomp was certainly powerless. Higher the brushwood waa
 heaped, and then one of ihe savages advanced with a torch.

 Iu a momenl he had applied it to the pile.

 The dry wood burned like tinder. In an instant great flames sprang
 up.

 Bui they were at tbe edge of the pile. However, Pomp felt their
 heat and they would soon reach him!

 The poor darky was nearly insane with a frenzy of desperation.

 The savages now bogan a Uendish dance about the pile. They
 leaped and ran, and swuug their tomahawks and made hideous faces
 al their, victim.

 But fate had not ordained lhat this was lo be Pomp’s end.

 Even while death seemed certain, rescue was close al hand.

 Suddenly there smote upon the air tbe ring of horses' hoofs, and a
 quick sharp order, followed by the crash of carbines.

 Indians tell in heap3 before that volley. A panic resulted and the
 next moment through the smoke Pomp saw the-gleaia of uniforms,
 and knew that a body of United States cavalry had happened upon
 the 8;x>t jast in the nick of time.

 •	The darky was beside.himaelf with the realization.

 He tried to break hia bonds, and cried:

 “Sabe me, sogers—sabe Pomp! He am gwine fo’ suah to burn to
 death ef yo’ Lion’ sube him!”

 Bui the call waa not necessary.

 Through the smoke sprang two dismounted soldiers. In a twink-
 ling the burning brush was kicked aside, and Pomp’s bonds were cut.

 Then tbe darky was face to face with a tail, handsome young
 officer.

 The Indians had been dispersed and the fight was over.

 “ I am Col. Clark, of the United States Seventh Cavalry,” said tbe
 young officer. •• Who are you!”

 "I am Pomp!" waa the darky’s prompt reply.

 The officer smiled.

 " Well, who do you belong to?”

 “ I belongs to Marae Frank Reade, Jr.,” replied Pomp, with em-
 phasis. “ 1'ae a free nigger, bnl I goea wherebber Marse Frauk goes
 jest de same.”

 “Oh, 1 see,” replied the officer; “well, where is your master jusl
 now?"

 “ Golly, for goodness!” cried Pomp, excitedly. “ lie am in a heap
 0b Irubble, an’ yo' kin help him out of it.”

 With this Pomp lold Clark all about the Steam Man aud their mis-
 sion in the West.

 The young colonel listened with deep interest, and then when ap-
 prised of the facl lhat the Steam Man nnd its passengers were iu the
 hands of Ciiir, lie cried, excitedly:

 " By Jupiter! that man Clill Is just the chap I am after. Word
 was brought to the fori some time ago of a den of thieves up here with
 a rendezvous called Ranch V. Do you know of it?"

 “ Golly sakes, MarBu colonel," cried Pomp, excitedly, “yo' kin jest
 hell does! Jes' yo' find de cowboys and rescue Marse Frank aud ho
 done show yo' where de Ranch V. are."

 "It slmlf be done if we are able,” said Colonel Clark.

 He turned lo Ins men who were scattered about the vicinity, having
 been engag«d in driving the savages out of the valley.

 Bui tho bunle quickly recalled lliem.

 A spare horse was brought forward for Pomp mid then the cavalry-
 men in solid body rode out of the valley.

 As lliey struck the prairie below, the distant sounds of firing came

 lo	their ears.

 Il was ihe din of the conflict between the Vigilants and the cow-
 boys. Aided by the sounds Colonel Clark waa able to gallop straight

 lo	the scene.

 Through a pasa in the hills they reached the plateau. They burst
 upon the cowboys In the rear just at the critical moment when il
 seemed as if Harmon's heroic little band was doomed.

 Il required but a glance for Clark lo take in the situation.

 Whirling his sabre uloft lie spurred Ids horse forward with the thrill-
 ing command:

 ■'Forward! Charge!"

CHAPTER XII.

Tdli FORTUNES OF WAR.

 Just at that momenl when utter destruction threatened Ihe brave
 little band of vigilants the U.'S. soldiers cams upon the scene.

 Nothing could have been more opportune.

 It was the saving of the day. The emotions of all at sight of ihe
 glittering uniforms may be imagined.

 A great ahoul of triumph went ip. A yell of dismay came from
 the cowboys.

 Then followed the rattling of ateel and the flash of sabre blades.
 Before that charge what force could stand?

 Backward the followers of Artemus Cliff were forced.

 In vain Ihe villain tried to rally them. They would not respond.

 The odda were too great nnd they broke and fled In wild con-
 fusion. The next moment Pomp dashed up the incline and dropped
 from his horBe almost al Frank Reade, Jr’a, feel.

 “ lireas de Lor', Marse Frank,” he cried ecsta'ically. “Yo’ am
 alihe an’ well, an’ dls nisiger hab brought yo’ a rescue uftali all.
 P'raps yo’ Torgib me fo’ leabin’ de Steam Man when I hadn't ought?*'

 *• Yoii are forgiven, Pomp!" tried Frank, lightly. " I might have
 done the same thing myself. 1 am glad uo harm came lo you. I had
 given you up."

 “’Deed no, Marse Frank!" cried Ihe delighted darky. “ I is too
 bad fo’ to die. Hi dar, I’ish, I is glad to see you!"

 “ Well, if il ain't the nnygur!" cried Barney, with a wild msh at
 Pomp. " Whurroo, its glad I am to see yez onct more alive an’ well!
 Bejabers that's so!"

 The two Jpienda embraced warmly. Then Colonel Clark rode up
 and saluted ail.

 “ Il Beems that you've been having a bit of a sqnall here," he de-
 clared, •* but at any rate you've vanquished the enemy."

 " With your timely assistance," replied Frank. “ But I believe we
 are 'not strangers, colonel."

 " Frank Reade, Jr., the inventor!" cried Clark, springing from tho
 saddle and seizing Frank’s hand. " Wall, now, I’m glad lo see you.
 But come lo think of it. your colored man mentioned tho name of
 Frank Reade, but I never dreamed that it was you "

 “ Il is nobody else," replied Frank with a laugh. " And I woll re-
 member you.”

 “ And I do you," replied Clark. “ I was once one of an army com-
 mission lo visit you and make you an offer for one of your inventions
 on a gui:.”

 “ You are right."

 " You would not sell it."

 “ No,” repliod Frank. “ I do not care to sell any of my Inventions.
 They are for my own use. I will always, however, pnt them al the
 disposal of the weal; nnd oppressed."

 “ Truly a noble sentiment," agreed the colonel, “ but 1 am anxious
 to capture this mail Cliff. Hello! whal have you there? A giant in
 iron? One of your now inventions is il? Well, that beats nil."

 With this Clark proceeded to make an inspection of the Steam Man.
 A greal crowd of the newcomers were dofh" tbe same.

 Il was an object of great wonderment. Frank showed Its working
 to the entertainment of all.

 Bui Clill’s men had uot been so easily beaten as the savages.

 They had dispersed into the passes and were somewhat scattered,
 but here they made a stand and resisted stubbornly.

 It was necessary to dislodge lliom as quickly ns possible.

 Al any moment they might avail themselvus of the fortuoea of war
 and turn victory into defeat.

 So Clark quickly called bis men together.

 Only a brief resl was all lhal he would accord lliem.

 •‘The bugle sounded “boots and saddles," and every man was
 quickly mounted.

 A plan was quickly outlined between Frank Reade, Jr., and Col
 Clark.
14

FRANK READE. JR.. AND HIS NEW STEAM MAN.

  This was tliat the cavalry should pursue aud thoroughly rout tbe
  cowboys, even going down to Ranch V to effect its destruction.

  The vigilants were to return home, and the cavalry would see to the
  punishment of Arlemas Clill.

  But the Steam Man was to remain at a point below until the return
  of the cavalry.

  If possible Cliff was to be captured alive and a confession wrung
  from iiis lips.

  This plan had been agreed upon.

  The vigilants were nol wholly satisfied, yet did.not demur.

  Clark and his command dashed away into the Mills.

  The vigilants and the Sleam .Man started lor the open prairie.

  This division of forces very spoil proved lo be au unwise and un-
  fortunate thing.

  Tbe fortunes of war are proverbial for changes.

  Strongly intrenched in tbe hills. Cliff's gang gave the soldiers a
  disastrous baltie.

  In vuin the plucky young colonel tried to dislodge them.

  They fonghl like tigers, and having tlio advantage of location, ac-
  tually decimated the cavalry one half in number.

  Until nightfall, Co!. Clark kept persistently waging the battle.
  Then lie begau to think* of retreat.

  But, to bis horror, he found that this was by no means as easy a
  mutter as he had fancied.

  The foe had actually closed in upon him, and nearly every avenue
  of retreat was closed.

  He was literally surrounded by the foe.

  “ My soul!" he muttered, in deep surprise; “ this is not very good
  generalship on my part.”

  What was lo be doner"

  It was plainly impossible to dislodge llie foe.

  The little baud of cavalrymen were now hardly adequate to cope
  with the foe In their front.

  Il really seemed as if Cliff had received reinforcements. Tbe
  number of his bam! had in some mysterious manner beeu increased.
  Darkness was coming on rapidly.

  Something must be done, and at once. Col. Clark racked his brain

  for an expedient.

  Certainly they must extricate themselves from this position, and
  without delay. Men were falling every moment about them, and the
  enemy's line, like a cordon of death, was every moment drawing
  tighter about them.

  Cold sweat broke out upon the intrepid colonel’s brow.

  "My God!” lie muttered. “ What is to be done!”

  | It was a terrible question. They were literally in a trap of death.

  Cliff was aware of Ibis, aud his men mads tlio air hideous with their
  yells. Closer they crowded the line.

  In this extremity Clark regretted having separated himself from the
  Vigilants and the Sleam Man.

  But this error had been made, and it was too late to correct it.

  Rut the brave colonel was n >t long without an expedient.

  II-	called out one of Ids pluckiest privates, and said:

  •'Jason, do you want to undertake a ticklish job?"

  •• I’m ready, Mr," replied '.he private, with a salute.

  *• You know we are in a light box?”

  •' Yes, sir."

  " We must bave reinforcements or the enemy will surely get ihe
  best of us."

  •’ It looks that war, sir.”

  '•Now. I want you to try to get through the enemy’s line. Look
  for the Vigilants and tho Sieam Man and tell them to come to our
  ntd. Then ride to the fort as fast as you can for a fresh squad. Tell
  the officer In charge to send two hundred mouuted men.’’

  •• Vary well, air."

  '• Do you think you can do this?"

  " I will do it or i will not come back.”

  Clark knew that Jason meant just what he said.

  A few moments later tlio courier for relief slipped carefully Into the
  shadows and wan gone.

  A prayer trembled on Clark’s lips.

  I	don’t care lor myself,” lie mattered, " but I cannot bear to see
  my brave buys slaughtered like sheep.”

  Darkness now thickly settled down. Of course no lighting could be
  lioue until the break of day.

  ^ But the cavalrymen were not in a position to guarantee them much

  Few of them dared to sleep, and then it was upon their arms.

  As the night hours dragged by. Clark paced the ground upon the
  outskirts of llie camp and listened for some sign of ihe return of Jason.

  He know that it was nol possible for the faithful courier to return
  from the fort under two days.

  Bui if the cavalry division was reinforced by the Vigilants and the
  Steam Man ihey might bn able to keep the foe at bay until Ihe fresh
  squad should arrive.

  Thus the plticky young colonel duns to hope.

  T ime parsed. It seemed an age to Clark before a silent shadowy
  lorm slipped out of the gloom and into the camp.

  As il drew nearer he recognized the courier Jason.

  11	Well, my man!" lie said, sharply, "You are back.”

  Jason saluted quickly.

  Where are the reinforcements?"

  " I did not liud them."

  ’ But—did 1 not teil you lo Bud them?" began tbe colonel, angrily

  “ Easy, colonel," said Jason, respectfully. “ I think I have done &
  better thing, sir.”

 “ What do you mean?”

  “ It’s a good ways to the fort. You might be cut to pieces before I
  could return. I have found an avenue by which I think we can es-
  cape.”

  Clark's manner changed instantly.

  You don't mean il?” be exclaimed, excitedly. “ What is il!"

  Jason drew nearer and lowered his voice in a mysterious manner.

  •■Just over that pile of bowlders,” lie whispered, •• I luund a nar-
  row passage through the mountain side. Il is almost a cavern,
  for the lop is so closely overhung with bushes. It’s a close squeeze
  for the horses, but I think we can ail get through aud out upon the
  prairie before daybreak.”

  Col. Clark was intensely excited.

 "Good for you, ‘Jason!" he cried, In a joyful manner. “Arouse
 the camp, but. do it quietly. Pul every man iu his saddle within
 ton minutes. You have solved our salvation, and you shall be pro-
 moted.”

  Jason hurried away lo tiu '.!ic bidding of the colonel.

  In a brief space of time the camp was aroused.

  The weary soldiers, worn oul with lighting, were only too glad to
  learn of the possibility of an escape.

 At once preparations were made to steal a march upon the enemy.

 The passage described by Jason was found. It was necessary to
 first pry aside a huge bowlder before passage could be made.

 Into the passage tbe little band went, and one by one filed out
 into the valley beyond.

 So skillfully was Ihe move executed that the foe never dreamed
 of it. Daybreak came, aim Clill was furious to lind Ihnl his intended
 victims had given him the slip during the night.

 The cavalrymen had reached llie prairie in safety, and galloped
 away from the hills.

 Clark Knew that his only ar.d best move now was to return to the
 fort for reinforcements.

 He could not hope to do anything with the foe with such a mere
 handful of men.

  Accordingly, just as the sun appeared above the horizon, the little
  cavalcade, with its shattered ranks, galloped away across tbe plain.

  No effort was made to search for the Vigilants.

  Clark knew Hint even wilii iheir aid il would not be feasible lo give
  battle to the cowboys.

 Clearly it was necessary lo havo two hundred more men. The
 colonel set his lips vengefully.

  "I will teach that desperado a lesson,” he muttered. “ He shall be
  swept out of existence together with bis rnscully crew, aud before an-
  other week.”

  Oa over ihe prairie they galloped toward the fort.

  And as they rode, thrilling adventures were the lot of Frank Reade,
  Jr., and his friends on board the Steam Man.

  Let us, therefore, for a time, deviate here and follow their fortunes.

CHAPTER XIII.

THE ABDUCTION.

 Chief Harmon of the Vigilants was not wholly content to abandon
 the trail of the cowboys, just here.

 He Indulged in quite an argument with Frank Reade, Jr.

  nis remarks were not without logic.

  " Why, only look at the senso M ihe tiling," he declared. “ It Is by
  no means possible that the soldiers are going to have an easy tiire
  with Clilf and his men. They may turn the tables on them yet. I tell
  you it was a premature thing for that colonel to do, to set us adrift so
  quickly.”

  " Yet be onglit to know his own strength,” said Frank.

  "I don't believe he does.”

  " I cannot but feel that he Is doing the right thing."

  " I don’t feel Hint way.”

  " Well, in case of defeat the stigma will not fall upon you."

  "All, but that is not the idea. We must not let Cliff defeat them.
  If lie doe3. he will defeat us."

 " What do you propose?”

 " I am not going back home yet. We will make a camp down here
 on Willow Creek. When we learn for a fact that Clifl has been done
 up, then we will go home. Until then we are on duty."

 Frank saw lhat Ham.on was right. He extended his hand and
 said:

  " I agree with yon.”

 " I knew ye would,” replied tbe Vigilant leader. We can do this
 upon our own responsibility. You are lo wail for Clark at a point
 below here, I believe?’’

  " Yes."

 "Very good. That point is on Willow Creek. We will accompany
 you there."

  It was nightfall before Willow Creek was reached.

 In a convenient spot camp was made. The darkness became most
 intense in the vicinity.

 Camp-fires were made and guards posted.

  The fires in the furnace of I lie Steam Man were banked, and the oc-
  counants descended and mixed.with llie Vigilants.

 The men gathered around the fires, and told stories and cracked
 jokes.

  Waller Barrows, the young Vigilant who was so deeply in love with
  Ressie Rodman, bad waited upon her at the wagon step’ and together
  they took a lover-like walk down the bank of the creek.
FRANK READE, JR., AND IIIS MEW STEAM MAN.	15

 Nobody saw ihem go, and it is doubtful it any one would have
 sought lo reairaiu them.

 Bul they were commuting unwittingly an act of great risk and tolly.

 Fur unknown lo any in ihe camp u coterie of dusky savages lurked
 in the lull prairie grass about.

 Barney and Pomp were entertaining the camp with Bome of their
 munchauseu stories.

 Tlio plainsmen roared with laughter until their sides ached.

 Boih were comical mokes and were continually playing roots upon
 each oilier. Barney had just worked a gag upon Pomp wheu sud-
 denly the distant crack of a pistol was heard.

 Instantly every man in llie camp was upon his feet.

 The most intense of excitement reigued. All was confusion.

 Then one of llie guards came rushing iu.

 " There’s a hull lot of Apaches down yonder,” lie cried, ** tlier grass
 Is full of 'em and I reckon they’ve surrounded the camp.”

 “Steady all!" thundered Harmon, the Vigilant leader. “ Who tired
 lhat pistol shot!"

 " I uou'i know,” replied the guard.

 “ is anybody outside the line?"

 «• Yes.”

 '• Who?"

 "Walter Barrows and ihe young lady passed me not au hour ago.
 They went 011 down the creek/'

 " My soul!” gasped Ilarmon, wilh white face, “ tlial was Barrows
 pistol without doubt. He an’ the gal have certainly fallen into llie
 grip of llier Injuns. We must make lively work to save 'em."

 Frank Reade, Jr., bad listened 10 this report with a seusalion of hor-
 ror.

 Barney and Pomp had at once desisted in I heir fun-making, and
 Barney proceeded to open the Sleam Man's furnace.

 The crack of rifles now sounded all around the camp.

 The savages, without doubt, were drawing their line closer, and
 meant if possible to exterminate ihe little baud of Vigilauls.

 But a Hue of dofenee was then thrown out, aud the skulking savages
 were held al bay.

 Bul a desultory and very unsatisfactory species of warfare was kept
 up iu ihe darkuess.

 II	was impossible to tell how to move or where.

 The enemy tired from all directions and practically at random.

 Many of the Vigilauts were wounded, and Captain Harmou was
 angry.

 ■•Confound an Injun!” he muttered, in disgust.- “ They have sich a
 sneakin’ way of lighting. They alius attack one ufter dark, au’ hain’t
 goi ihe pluck to come out in the open an' tight.”

 Everybody was bound 10 acknowledge the logic of thl3.

 But llie savages kept up the same mode of attack uulll Frank Reade,
 Jr., 11 adea diversion.

 Baruey had succeeded iu getting up steam once more in Ihe Steam
 Man, and now Frank Reade, Jr., approached Harmon.

 •■Give me live men,” he declared, “aud I will whip the foe for
 you."

 “Five men!” gasped Harmon. “Why, they’re ten to one out
 there."

 III	don’t care if they are.''

 •• But-■»

 “ Will yon give me the men?”

 " Oli. yes, but-”

 “ There's no lime for questions, Captain Ilarmou. Leave it all to
 me.”

 “Allright, Mr. Reade."

 By Harmon's orders live of tte'Vlgilants Joined Frank Reade.

 He led them aboard llie steam wagon. Tlien lie closed Ihe door
 and seized the reins which connected with ihe throttle.

 Tl.e Sleam Man gave a shriek loud enough to perforate the ear
 drums of any one In the vicinity.

 Then ll dashed out upon the prairie.

 The etlecl may be imagined.

 Tlio monster with fiery eyes and all flame and smoke, wilh clanking
 thunderous iread plunging Inlo the midst of the foe, was an appari-
 tion well to be feared.

 Right into the midst of the savages the Steam Man ran.

 While llie armed men in Ihe screened wagon poured destruclive
 volleys into the midst of the red foe.

 Pen cannot adequately describe the situation.

 For a moment the Apaches held their ground. Then, wilh wild,
 battled yells they fled before the conqueror.

 In less than twenty minates the vicinity had been practically cleared
 of savages.

 They retreated to a point below where their ponies were corralled.

 Mounting, they dashed away to the westward. The Steam Man
 pursued unlil finding a creek, they escaped for good.

 Then the Steam Mun returned lo camp.

 Bul although the foe had been repulsed, matters were still had
 enough.

 Waller Barrows and Bessie Rodman wore missing.

 That they were captives was a forlorn hope. That they had been
 murdered was a dreadful fear.

 Delay was almost fatal in this case. Without loss of lime a good
 trailer was put upon the irail of the lovers.

 Daylight was breakiug in ihe east, and this enabled him to easily
 follow the trail.

 Along ihe banks of the creek ll ran for nearly a fifth of a mite.

 Tteu the trailer paused.

 Here without doubl was the .spot where Burrows had been attacked
 by the Apaches.

  There wore footprints and marks of a struggle. A rifle, wilh broken
  stock, was picked up.

  “Il is Barrows’gun," said one of the Vigilants.

  Blood was fouud upon llie ground, bul 110 trace of tlio bodies.

 “ They have been taken away as captives,” declared Harmon, posi-
 tively. •• There is no doubl of that."

  “ Or thrown into the creck," suggested one of the Vigilants.

  Investigation for a niomenl gave the pursuers a Ibrlll of horror.

 There were footprints down lo the water's edge, aud the murks of
 some heavy body dragged thither.

  In the shallow water, protected by reeds, was a body.

 For u moment all expected to recognize Barrows. 'Bul all drew a
 breath of relief.

 It was not him.

 The body was that of one of ihe Apaches. Doubtless it was one
 shot by Burrows, and his body had been thrown inlo this place lo es-
 cape ihe notice of the white pursuers.

 “That's an Injun iricK," declared Harmon, positively. “I'm
 mighty well satisfied that the captives are alive.”

  “ 1 hope you are right,” said one man.

  “ Ditto:” said another.

  “ Then let us lake llie trail,” cried Frank Reade, Jr. “ If possible,
  we must rescue them.”

 The question was settled at once. All sprung to saddle, and the
 trull, which was quite plain, was followed.

  Across the prairies went theiSieom Mun, with the Vigilants behind.

 Of course their horses could not compete wilh the Man on a level
 stretch, but Frank did noliry to run away from them.

  The Indians bore away to u southwesterly course, und soon a range
  of hills became visible above the horizon.

 Ilarmou made them out as the Black Bear ranee.

  “If they gel into lliose hills with llie captives," he declared, “ we'll
  have mighty hard work dlggiu' ’em out.”

 “ Why?" asked one of his men.

 “Bekase, there’s more holes and out of the way dens there llian
 you could sliitKe a stick al."

  Burney and l’ompcrouched down iu the wagon, and kept their rifles
  in readiness for business.

 Frank Reade. Jr., watched the plain ahead with eager eye. hut
 though the trail was plain there was yet no signs of overtaking .tba
 red foe.

  Ab they drew nearer the hills it became almost a certainty that Ihe
  savages had sought refuge there.

  A long Stretch of plain intervened to the hills.

 This was easily 10 be inspected with a glass, and Frank did «o.
 There was 110 sign whatever of the Indians.

  All hope was ihusgiveuup of overtaking llie redskins before reach-
  ing the hills.

 Il	seemed a certainty that they had reached their caves, and the
 only alternative left was lo scour them thoroughly.

 But when quite near an entrance between high tills, suddenly the
 pursuers topped a rise in the prairie and were rewarded with u start-
 ling sight.

  Just below, in a depression, was the band of savages, seemingly en-
  gaged in making camp.

  A small creek ran through this depression.

 As is well known, Indians alwujs encamp npon the banks of a
 stream. Vet it was a surprise lo the pursuers that they should ven-
 ture to camp in this open spol.

  At sight of their foes the astonished redskins were thrown iuto a
  tumult.

  instantly n mad retreat was begun for tl.e mountains.

  A wild cheer pealed troin ihe lips of the vigilants.

  Harman settled himself In his saddle and shouted:

 “Forward, alll Charge!"

  With a yell the Vigilauts put spurs to their horses anil made for the
  Imliun encampment.

 Frank Reade, Jr., started the Steam Man on a circuit to head off
 the savages.

  But as he did so Poinp clutched his arm.

  " Hi dar, Marse Frank!” cried the darky. "Docs vo' see dat little
  party oiier dur making fo' de hills?”

 Frank did see them.

  “ Yes" he replied.

  •• Well, dut am Missy Bessie nn’ her lover jes’ as euah as yo’ am
  bo'n, Marse Frank, an' dar am half a dozen Injuns jes' holding onto de
  bridles ob dor bosses. 1 makes it out, sah, dal dey But dey kiu reach
  de hills afo’ de Steam Man, suh.”

  By Jupiter, you're righl, Pomp!” cried Frank, with inspiration.
  “ But we'll try and spoil that little game."

  “ Dat's right, Marse Frank!’’ cried the darkey. "I jes' fink de Man
  Kin obertakedem bosses snali ennlT.”

  Frank seized the reins and pulled open the throttle.

 As the Sleam Man went forward with his mighty stride Frank
 opened the whistle valve and let out a mighty shriek of such loudness
 that the echoes were repealed a hundred fold in the recesses of ihe
 hills.

CHAPTER XIV.

IN HOT PURSUIT.

 Tiie party of savages with the two captives in their midst, evi-
10

FRANK READE, JR., AND HIS NEW STEAM *MAN.

  denily intended to reach ibe hills, if possible, before being overtaken
  by the Steam Man.

  At first Frank had fancied it easy to cut tiiem off.

  But there were several depressions In the prairie which the Man Imd

  lo	circait, aud tlie distance was greater than Frank hnd really
  dreamed of.	(

  Like a runaway locomotive tho Steam Man raced over the plain.

  The yigllauts were having a running light with the savages.

  But Frank Reade, Jr., waa doomed to disappointment.

  Me failed to cut off the band of abductors, and they vanished from
  Bight iu a deep pass.

  It was too rocky a trail for tho Steam Man lo follow. Thus far the
  villains had the best of it.

  ••Golly sake?, Marse Frank!" cried Pomp, “dey done git away wlf
  dem prisoners fo' euah.”

  •• Il looks Ilka it," agreed Frank, in a baffled .tone, “ but there
  ought to be some way to cut them off."

  Begorra, there’s only won way,” declared Buraev.

  " What is that?"

  •• Let the nuygur sihay with ihe man, an’you an’I will go aftlier
  Ihe dlvils a-foot,” said the Oil.

  For a moment Frank entertained no bopeB of the success of such a
  plan.

  Then lie glanced back to the prairie where the vigilants nnd the
  Indians were having their battle.

  It was nip nnd luck between them, but Frank saw that the vlgilauts
  were fast getting the best of it.

  Not more than half a dnzari of the'savagea had the captives in charge.
  To bo sure, the oilcis were three to one, yet Frank believed llml with
  the plucky Barney’s help, they could defeat them.

  To think with Frank Reade, Jr., was to act.
  lie did not waste time, but seizing a rifle, cried:

  •	Your Idea li a good one, Barney. We will act upon it. Pomp, keep
  a sharp eye out for danger untill we return."

  ’•;A’righl Marse Frank," replied the faithful darky.

  Barney, delighted lhat Frank "had seen fit lo adopt Ins plan, was
  quickly ready and they left tho wagon.

  The Iu llans, lo be sure, had the start of them, but the pass was
  rocky and it was hardly likely that they would succeed in gelling a
  groat lead.

  SwitUy the two rescuers pressed forward.

  They climbed over piles of bowlders, crept through narrow (led les,
  anti climbed high steeps.

  It seemed llml progress must be slow for the pouies of the Indians,
  and they should he overtaken before long.

  Suddenly Barney paused with a sharp cry.

  He seized Frank by the arm and pulled him back into the cover of
  an angle in the mountain wall.

  He was none too soon.

  The crack of rifles smote upon tho air and the shower of bullets came
  down Into the pass. •

  •• Bejabbera, I saw the spalpeens just in the nick av time!’- declared
  Barney, peering around the edge of tb« cliff wall. •• Av 1 hadn’t we’d
  huve been dead gossoons as sure as me name is Barney.”

  ” You’re right there!'’ cried Frank, slipping extra cartridges into
  his ride; “ that was a close cull.”

  “ Indade it wns."

  •• I had no idea wo were so near the rascals.”

  “ Bejabers. 1 didn’t mesilf-till I see ihe top-knot av wan of thim
  over llml ridge jeniler.”

  •• They are ready for us,, then.”

  *• Bejabers, and we’re ready too. If I Iver get a bead on any wan
  av them there'll be a job for the coroner,'bad cess to thim.”

  •• Where are they! I can't see their position very well.”

  "Aisy, Mist her Frank,” snid Barney, “they're hiding up yonder
  Jisl fernmsl that big scrub av an oak on the edge of the cliff.”

  Frank looked Iu that direction. Suddenly Barney gave a sharp
  cry.

  •• Whurro!" he yelled.

  Quick as a flash h!s rifle went to his shoulder.

  Crack!

  A veil of agony rang through the gorge. Then down over the cliff
  tumbled an Indian almost at ihe Cell's feet.

  Tbe bullet had pierced his skull and his final account was settled.

  •■ Good shot, Barney 1" cried Frank, “ lhat only leaves live for us to
  tackle.”

  Then quick as a flash the young inventor threw his rllle to his
  shoulder.

  Crnckl

  Am.iher yell, a death cry went up on the air of the defile.

  •• Bejabers, thal’a only four av the divils left,” chuckled Barney.
  It s only two to wan. Misther Frauk.”

  *• You're right, Barney!" cried Frank, with enthusiasm, “ but the
  odds are yet too great."

  The outlook now was certainly encouraging for the rescue of the
  prisoners.

  But the two rescuers knew better than to essay an open attack.

  The Indian method of warfare was in this case far the best. They
  remained strictly under cover.

  All was quiei on tho bluff above.

  But II was not by any means likely that the foe were inactive.

  The great danger now was that they would continue to slip away
  deeper Into the hills ami reach some inaccessible hiding place.

  Our reBCuers waited as long as seemed consistent with safety.

 Then Frauk said:

  '• I think we'd better make a break, Barney.”

  “ All roight, sorr,” replied the Celt. ■• Do yez think it safer
  “ We musi use cauiiou. Il may be possible lhat they are trying to
  draw us from our hiding place.”

  “ So I thought, sorr.”

  “ Again, they may be far into the hills by this time. We will gain
  nothing by staying here.”

  “ All roight, sorr.”

  Barney began to scan the side of the cliff. A path was not visible
  anywhere. Yet the Cell did nol believe li Impossible to climb to the
  top.

  If this could be done they might then succeed In getting upou level
  ground with the foe and escape the risk of their bullets.

  Frank deviued Barney’s purpose and said:

  “I think we can climb it, Burney.”

  Bejabers we’ll ihry,”

  Barney had just got his hands and feet Into niches In the cliff when
  a starlllng sound came up ihe pass.

 “Hark!"

  “ What is it?”

  The tramp of ponies’ feet could be heard and the distant baffled
  yells of savages were wafied up oil the breeze.

 “The Indians are coming up the pass,” cried Frank, with dismay.
 “Barney, there's not an instant to lose.”

  "Begorra, yez are roight," cried the Celt, beginning to make his
  way up the cliff.

  It was a smart climb up the steep wall, but it was safely mads at
  length.

  They were now on level ground with the four captors. But a care-
  ful reconnoitering of the vicinity showed that they had left.

  In the lull in the conflict they had slipped away into the hills.

  But Barney took the trail and they went forward again in pursuit.
  The sounds of the the foo coming up the pass iu their rear, however,
  every moment became plainer.

  But fortunately, just at a point where the trail diverged deeper into
  the hills, the foe must have turned in another direction for very soon
  the sounds died out.

  •• We huve nolliing to fear from them," crlod Frank, with a breath
  of relief. “They have gone in another direction.”

 Very soon Ihe hills began lo merge into a deep valley. Through
 this ihere ran a swift stream.

 As Frank and Barney entered the valley Barney shouted:

  “ Be me sowl. ihere be the spalpeens now.”

 " Where?' asked Frank.

  '• Jisl down there ferniusi that grove of trees, Misther Frank."
  "Sure enough.”

 "The four savages ond their captors were plainly seen on the
 banks of the creek.

  They were just in Ibe act of embarking in a canoe.

  Frank saw that be mnst act quick if he would prevent this.

  So he said, sharply:

  “Go to Ihe right, Barney, I will go to the left, and we must head
  them off.”

  " All right, sorr.”

 Away went Barney on the mad rnn. Tho savages had already got
 the canoe inlo she water.

  They saw him coming and a yell wns the signal. The captives were
  hustled Into the light craft and il wan pushed out from tbe shore.

  Down into the current it went. There was no lime lo lose.

  Frank Reade, Jr., came to a stop and raised his rille. It was a des-
  perate chance but lie took it.

 A quick aim, a bead skillfully drawn on one of tbe paddlers

 and--”

  Crack!

 A wild Indian yell went up nnd the prow of the canoe swung
 around.

 Over into the water went tho doomed savage. The 3bot had been a
 gohd one.

  But the canoe was at the moment at the head of some swif; rapids.
  The next momenl it was racing down them, aud turuiug a bend in
  the stream vanished from view.

  Frauk had not time to draw another bead before it wns out of sight,
  and when it reached the lower level and came into view again it was
  out of range.

 Barney came along now and shouted:

  “ Be jabers, yez did well, Misther Frank. That was a beautiful shot.
  There's only three av ther red divils left.”

  This was true, but the three savages seemed likely to elude their
  pursnera after all.

  The. canoe was racing dowu the stream, and fast nearing a defile In
  the hills.

  If it should enter this, there was little doubt but that tbe fugitives
  would mnke their escape.

  Frank and Barney, saw this in the same moment.

  '■ Begorra, Misther Frank, we must cut the divils off!” cried the Celt.
  "Forward, then!” cried Frank. •' Is there nol a short cut?”

  Both looked for this. In the sarao instant they espied it.

  The creek took a iong turn, and by cutting directly across a mead-
  ow the two pursuers saw lhat they would be likely to cut off the sav-
  ages.

  Accordingly they started forward on the run.

  The Indian captors saw their move at once, and an angry yell went
  up from them.
FRANK READIO, JR., AND

 One cl them rose iu the canoe ami took quick aim and fired.

 The bullet whistled close to Barney's ear. The Cell slopped and
 cocked Ills rifle.

 11	Be jabers, I’ll spoil that fellow!'1 he cried. Have at yez, ye
 blathersKite!”

 Barney’e rifle spoke.

 Bui the motion of Hie canoe very likely destroyed ihe aim, (or the
 bullet did uot lake effect.

 At this point the canoe took a swift course, and In the twinkling
 o! un eye seemed 10 have overcome llie skilled hand al llie paddles.

 in a’liash It went over aud the entire parly were dumped into llie
 waters of llie creek.

 A great cry went up from Frank Reade, Jr.

 “My God! they will Ue drowned'."

 Forward the brave young Inventor rushed. He thought of poor
 Bariowa wilh his hands tied.

 Thrown inlo the waters of the creek, il did not seem os if any power
 on earth coulil save him.

 Bat two of the savages had seized Ihe prisoners. The canoe hail
 overturned in close proximity to the shore.

 The third savage gave assistance, and as the waler did not chauce
 to be deep, all got ashore.

 “Now we have them!" cried Frank, confidently.

 But bis statement was premature.

 Even us it seemed tbal llie rescue was certain, an incident occurred
 to prevent

 Frum behind a small hillock appeared Red Bear's gang of Apaches,
 full ball a hundred stroug.

CHAPTER XV.

THE VIGILANTES TO THE KESCI.E.

 The appearance of the savages was mo3t inopportune.

 Mounted on iheir fleet ponies, wilh wild yells lliey swept down
 upon the party.

 The three Indian capt-ors yelled wilh delight.

 Frank and Barney of course caine lo a halt. Of course It was folly

  lo	tempt fate.

 To attempt lo stand against lhal gang was folly.

 By Jupiter!” gasped the young inveulor. “ Il’s all up with us,
 Barney! We are badly benten!"

 •‘Tare an’ ’ounds!" grumbled the angry Celt. " That beats all me
 wolfe'srelations! Phwativer shall we do now. Mistlier Frank?'1

 Beat a relreat,” declared ihe young inventor. “ Come on,
 Barney!”

 “ il’s mesill as hales to retreat.’’ said Barney, stubbornly. " Oh, if
 ne only hid llie Steam Man an’the naygur here uow we'd moiglity
 soon turn the thing abouu”

 The iwo rescuers now turned about aud haslily beat a retreal
 across the valley.

 Bul they hud nol goue far when the ludians beget lo ford ihe
 creek for llie purpose of giving pursuit.

 Barney saw the move and called Frank’s attention to it.

 “Be mo sow), Mistlier Frank!'- cried the Irishman, excitedly,
 “we've gol to make quick loiuie. or lhey’11 have our scalps.”

 “ You are right, Barney.”

 But at that moment Frank Reade, Jr., lifted iiis gaze, and a mighty
 cry escaped his lips.

 Directly in from of them, a body of armed men swept into llie val-
 ley.

 They were the Vigilants, and at their head rode Harmon. At sight
 of Frank and Baruey liiey urged their horses on fasler wilh a loud
 cheer.

 This was answered by the two fugitives, wittr a will.

 The savages, seeing Ihe Vigilants, now changed their tactics. They
 turned their horses about and rode swiftly on the back trail.

 Frank could liardly wait for Harmon and hia men to come up.

 Enthusiastic greetings were exchanged, and also experiences.

 The Vigilants had driven the Apaches before them into the hills.

 But upon entering the fastnesses, with which they were uot famil-
 iar, the Indians had given them the slip.

 In the search, they had come upon iho scene at an opportune mo-
 ment.	„

 There seemed no better thing to do than to give pursuit to the sav-
 ages at once.

 Accordingly a couple of spare horses were provided for Frauk and
 Barney, and they rode forward on the charge.

 The delay had been brief, but it had enabled the savages to cross
 the creek and start for the defile beyond.

 Down thundered ihe vigilants In hot parsnit.

 The creek was quickly forded and the pursuers seemed to be gain-
 ing at every bouud.

 But of a sudden the savages executed a peculiar and inexplicablo
 maneuver.

 Suddenly and without warning they split In two sections, one going

  lo	the right and llie other to the left.

 In one division was the girl captive, Bessie Rodman, and in Ihe
 other Walter Barrows.

 The party who had the girl in charge started for the defile.

 The oilier made directly across the valley. In a flash of time the
 purpose of the savages was made apparent.

 The vigilants could not go both ways with splitting up.

 As they were much less in num'oer than the Apaches the result of
 this would be to greatly weaken them, i( not actually place their, al
 the nurcy of the red foe.

HIS NEW STEAM MAN.	’ 17

 On the other hand it was a problem aa to which direction to pursue
 or which party to follow.

 Harmon drew a Blight rein upon his horse aud wavered a moment.

 Tlio vigiluuls nalurnlly were inclined to go to the rescue of their
 comrade, but Frauk Reade, Jr., comprehending the folly of Ibis,
 cried:

 “ The girl first. We can rescue the man later."

 “ Yes!'’ cried Harmon, in a voice of thunder; “that is ourdutv!
 The girl first, boys; then we will try and save Burrows."

 The vigilants cheered, and away thundered the trDOp toward ihe
 defile.

 A Tew moments huer they reached it and entered i!.

 High walls of black, forbidding rock arose on either side to a mighty
 height. The bed of the defile was rough and slrewu wilh bowlders.

 it was harder for the liorBos of ihe vigilants to pick Iheir way
 through here than the lleet-footed ponies of the 3uvages.

 Accordingly the Indians.gained qnite a lead. But after a quarter
 of a mile of the defile had been traversed the vigilants were brought
 to a hall in an unceremonious manner.

 The ilelile seemed suddenly to take an upward trend here, and high
 piles of bowlders made a barrier of some height.

 Suddenly from behind this barrier tifere came the flash of rifle muz-
 zles, and a volley of bullets came ratLling down through Hi- deli if*.

 Two of llie vigilanls were wounded, and Hannon lustantly called a
 halt.

 Cover was quickly sought behind rocks and corners near.

 Il	was ovidenl that the Indians had here made a stand. The Vlg.
 ilant leader was puzzled.

 But suddenly Frank Reade, Jr., gave a sharp cry;

 “Listen!”

 His acute ear had caught the sound of horses’ hoofs coming up the
 delile in their rear.

 14 By thunder!” ejaculated Harmon, with sudden terrible compre-
 hension, “ wo tre trapped!”-

 The men gazed blankly at each oilier.

 Nothing was more apparent. The Apache.? under tho shrewd Red
 Bear hail certainly very cleverly outgeneraled them.

 Led Into the defile by one division ol the Apaches, the other bad
 proceeded to block up the ontlel, and thus iilerally the Vigilants
 were in a trap.

 There was not the advantage in facing a foe iu this manner lhat
 there was in having him wholly in the front.

 To be attacked boih front and rear would demoralize oven the
 largest and bravest of armies. Harmon was completely taken aback.

 “ Wall, I swan!” he exclaimed, with earnestness, " I never believed
 an Injun could beat me in any bucIi way as that. Bul wo are in for
 il. boys, nnd no mistake. We've got to light Imrd."

 The savages in front were keeping up a raking lire.

 Those in the rear had now drawn near enough to also open'flrc.
 The fun had begun.

 But llie brave band of white men had no thought of fear or of re-
 treat.

 They at once, by Harmon's direction, sought safe places of cover
 and proceeded to return the lire.

 Every lime an Indian’s lop-knot showed above the fringe of rocks,
 it wns made a target of.

 Thus, the battle was kepi up for over an hour.

 Then an idea occurred lojtlie inventive mind of Frank Reade, Jr.

 He had carefully examined the face of the pass. In doln- ;C ta I'.na
 discovered what looked like a feasible fool path over the clitl

 Al once he called Harmon aside nnd explained a plan lo him.

 '• I think we can defeat the savages easily in this manner." he de-
 clared. “Give me five men and I will guarantee a surprise for them."

 "Mr. Reade, lake what force you need," declared me vigilant
 leader. " I have full coulideuce in your ability lo do as you say. May
 you succeed."

 Frank at once selected fivo men from from the troop.

 -Then wilh lSarney lie led the way cautiously up the path.

 Fortunately, il was overhung with foliage to a large extent, so that
 they were hidden from the view of those in their rear.

 In a few moineuls a position near the brow of the cliff had been
 reached. Then Frank’s surmise wns verified.

 The little party could look down upon the heads of the savngeH. It
 was an easy matter to pour a volley amongst them wilh mast demora-
 lizing effect.

 Frank sent one of the men back down the clifl, to give Harmon the
 cue when lo make acharg*’.

 Then a', a favorable moment Frank gave the order lo lire.

 Six repealing rdles were turned upon the savages, nnd ns fast aa
 they could be worked, they were engaged in firing a volley down upon
 the heads of the exposed savages.

 The effecl was startling.

 The savage is never the one to stand in open field and light. Al once
 a panic seized them.

 Il	was ihe moment for Ihe charge, and Harmon’s men rushed for-
 ward.

 Up over the rocks lliey went. In a twinkling the savages wero
 driven from their entrenchments and utterly routed, and compleiely
 dispersed.

 Frank Reade, Jr., and Barney saw their opportunity, and rushed
 upon Iwo of llie savages who had Bessie Rodman in charge.

 In a moment the girl captive was free occe more aud among
 frieuus. The iwo guarus lied for their lives.
18	FRANK READE, JR., AND IIIS NEW STEAM MAN.

 All itiis had happened in a twinkling of an eye, comparatively
 speaking. BjI tbe tight was not over.

 Tin* force in the rear were coming to Ihe attack.

 But Harmon’s men were now iu a position to command the defile.
 \ i|iiick, sharp conflict ensued, anil the Apaches were driven back
 with great slaughter.

 The vigilants hud thus far the best, of ir.

 The enemy had been routed, and Bessie Rodman rescued.

 Only one other thing now remained lo he accomplished, and tliis
 win liio rescue of Waller Barrows.

 fi.it even as Ibe question was being discussed a loud cry aroBe,
 and the next moment a lialless, blood-stained young man caine dash-
 ing down over the clill and fell half fainting in Ihe midsl of the vigi-
 lants.

 It was Barrows.

 In the midst of the tiglil the plucky young plainsman had succeed-
 ed in breaking his bonds, aud afier a desperate light with two of bis
 captor, had made liia escape.

 Everybody extended congratulations to llie young couple, and then
 plans for the fulure were discussed.

 It was not certain lhat ihe savages would not return to ihe attack.

 But a report was brought in by a number o( scouis sent out that
 the Apaches had withdrawn from tiie Held entirely.

 It was therefore decided lo go back to Willow Creek.

 It was not known whether Col. Clark had been victorious with the
 cowboys or nor.

 Until this question was settled Ilarmon had no idea of returning

 home.

 •• Until Clitl and his gang have been wiped out of existence," he
 declared, ‘‘I shall nol give up ther chase."

 Trunk and Barney were anxious lo return at once to the Sleam
 Man and Pomp.

 They were, by no means, assured that the darky was safe or that he
 might not have sol into trouble.

 Accordingly llie start was at once made for the prairie.

 Down one of the defiles the vigilants rode. Coming out into the
 little valley they crossed this and entered the pass.

 Bul they had not proceeded a hundred yards into the pnss when one
 of llie advance scouis came rushing back and gave a thrilling report.

 Ther cowboys are coming up ther pass!" he cried. “ Thar’s a
 host of ’em, anil Art Clill is at the head of ’em."

 “ Tho cowboys!" gasped Ilarmon.

 The greatest excitement ensued.

 "My soul!" exclaimed Frank Reade, Jr., in dismay. “Clark has
 been defeated!"

 •• Bail lack to the omailhounsi”

 •• Bui what of Pompf exclaimed Frank with alarm. “ Barney, we
 ought ul onco lo ascertain where he is.”

 ••To bo ‘•Imre, Misther Frank,” agreed the Celt, “bat how in the
 name av all the saints are yez goiu’ to do it! Bejabers, these cow-
 boys have got us cornered.’’

 In u very few moments a largo sized batlle was in progress in the
 pass.

CHAPTER XVI.

POMP MAKES ACTION.

 Now let us return to Pomp and the Steam Man, whom ill the detail
 of Hie thrilling adventures just chronicled we have neglected.

 Tho darkey entertained nothing like fear at being left alone on
 board llie Steam Men.

 Indeed, he rather enjoyed Ihe responsibility thus put npon him.

 He could occasionally hear rifle shots from llie hills, which assured
 him that Frank aud Barney were making it liol for the savages.

 •• Golly!" be muttered. “ I jes’ reckon dein Injiues git de worslest
 ob dal Baht. Ki dar, if dey amn’t coinin’ dis yer way. I spec’s I bet-
 ter move."

 Thl* was true.

 The Indians had heen driven before the vigilants, and starting for
 the hills were coming straight toward the Steam Man.

 It was evident that they meant to enter the hills ul this point.

 Pomp knew that it would be folly to remain where he was with the
 Sleam Man.

 Tlio savages might ruin the machine as he could not hope alone to
 holt! ihein at bay.

 So he opened ihe throttle ami started away with the Man.

 1!" kepi in until satisfied that he had reached a safe point.

 Meanwhile tho Indians reached the pass and entered it.

 The vigilants, however, did not eeein in a hurry to pursue. Tliev
 remained on the batlle ground for some while looking after their dead
 and wounded.

 \\ hen they did start far the pass Pomp had returned and was there

 stationed.

 As they caine up the darky put his head out of the screen door aud

 shouted:

 ■■i;iiod fo’yo’, Marse Harmon. Jes yo’gib dem Injuns a good
 lickin’ fo* luck. I reckon vo' kin do it.”

 •• I reckon we can, Pomp," replied Ilarmon. “ At least we’ll try

 “ If yo’ sees Marse Frank, jes tole him fo’ me, dat his carriage am
 waitin' to’ him. Will yoT

 Ilarmon replied that lie would and rode away laughing immoderately.

 The vigilants all vanished up ihe pass, ii seemed ages after they
 had gone, when Pomp received another greal surprise.

 Suddenly, hearing the clatter of hoofs he turned his head, anil scru-
 tinized tho prairie.

 A thrilling sight met his gaze.

 There, coming over a swell In the plain wns a body of horsemen.

 It required but a glance for llie darky lo recognize them.

 They were, the cowboys with Artemus Clil! at iheir head. They
 were nuiog directly down upon the Steam Man.

 “ They were just coming from the scene of their victory over Clark.
 Pomp’s eyes stuck oat like acutes and he sprung to his feet.

 •'Glory fo’goodness!” he gasped. “ Dat am Clifl’ and bis debbils.

 I	jes’ reckon I get out dere way."

 In an instant he opened the throttle and let the Steam Man race
 out upon llie prairie.

 The cowboys gave a wild yell, and attempted pursuit.

 But iliey could not keep anywhere near Ihe Man, and finally aban-
 doned it. With baffled yells they returned and disappeared iu the pass.

 “Golly, dat am a berry bad Hug for Marse Frank an’ de cdere,"
 muttered Pomp. “ Dey will neber be anticipating de cornin' ob dem
 rapscallions, an' dat will make lings berry bad, indeed.”

 The darky al once began to wax anxious as to tbe fate of his friends.

 He began to feel as if ii wns very much his duly to enter the hills
 and render what assis'unce he could.

 But what was lo be done with the Steam Man?

 Pomp reflected that he might take it with him if he could only find
 some way of doing so.

 To attempt to traverse llie rocky Pass was oul or the questiou.

 The darky was in a quandary.

 Soon he iieard tbe sounds of firing. The bntlle was on, and at no
 great distance, either.

 Pomp could hardly contain himself. lie walked up and down in
 the cage like a prisoner in his cell.

 •‘Ob co'se, I has Marse Frank's ordalis to stay yere,” he mattered,
 “bui it am evident oat Marse Frank needs all de help dat he can get.
 What ebber I kin do, I jes' don’ know what.”

 The darky sal down and began sober reflection.

 He was a shrewd fellow, and as a result he was not long In'forinulac-
 ing a plan.

 lie sprang up finally.

 “By golly, i’ll jes’ do dal fing!" lie cried, finally. “ It am de bos’
 fing I kin do.”

 He opened tho throttle and started Ihe Steam Man along the base
 of llie hills. With keen eye he studied the possibility of entering
 lliem.

 By llie pass it was Impossible. But he Imagined that it would not
 be difficult to find another means.

 Nor was he disappoinied.

 At a certain point the hillside was shorn o' trees and bowlders. It
 made a smooth surface even over the brow of the height.

 As the Steam Man was provided with power to climb any height of
 this sort, Pomp at once sel his course up llie height.

 Up wenl the Steam Man with prodigious strides.

 Nearer Ihe lop he drew. Pomp had no means of knowing whether
 it would be possible to go further or not.

 Bul his best hopes were realized upon reaching the summit.

 Down a gentle incline the Steam Man went, and through a scattered
 grove of tree3, and came out mlo a valley deep iu the hills.

 The sound of firing was now quite plain.

 Indeed, as Pomp guided Ihe Man down into the valley, he saw the
 powder smoke of the conOict iu the pass, just a short way up the val-
 ley

 " By golly!’’ muttered the darky, joyfully, “ 1 reckon dat I get dar
 jes’ in de bes’ time. Won’t Marse Frank be glad fo’ to see me!"

 Bin al that moment a startling thing occurred.

 The Man was traveling slowly, when just as the bottom of the in-
 cline was reached, two powerful savages sprang out of the grass and
 seized the throttle rein.

 Pomp was so taken by surprise that for a moment he could not act.

 The pulling of the rein closed the throttle, and the Man came to a
 halt.

 Pomp c(5uld not use the rein to open It again, and had there been
 more of llie red foe, the Sleam Man would have been at their mercy.

 Bul there were only two of tuem, and while or.e held llie rein the
 other essayed to hack his way into the wagon with his tomahawk.

 Pomp acted with the rapidity of thought.

 “G’way from dar yo' red imp!” lie yelled, picking up a revolver.
 "If you don’t I’ll jes’ bore a hole in yo’.”

 Bui ihe red man did not desist, and Pomp, springing to a loop-hole
 fired al him.

 The bullet went true to ita aim, and the Indian fell dead.

 The other savage seeing the Tate of his companion let out a baffled
 yell, and relaxing his grip on the valve rein lied precipitately.

 Pomp did nol lake tbe pains to fire at him, hut coolly picked up tho
 valve rein, opened the throttle and llie Steam Man weiu on.

 Straight for the scene of the conflict al the mouth of the Pass Pomp
 went.

 When he came upon tho scene he found a thrilling and sanguine
 conflict in progress.

 At sight of the Steam Man a cheer went up from the Vigilants.

 in a moment Frank and Barney were aboard and shaking hands
 with Pomp.

 The situation was auickly explained.

 " I thought mos’ likely yo’ would wanl de Steam Man, Marse Frank,”
 said the faithful darky. “ So I jes’ fetched him ober lo yo’."

 " You have done well. Pomp," said Frank, joyfully. “ Of course,
FRANK READE, JR., AND HIS NEW Sl’EAM MAN.

19

 this insures our safety. With (he Steam Man we would easilv es-
 cape the cowboys. But it will never do lo leave these brave Vigil-
 ants to their mercy.”

 " Obco'se not, Marse Frank," cried Pomp, seizing his riile. “Jes'

 {o' let dis cliilc draw a bead on dem rapscallions. I'll show dem dat
 'onip kin use a rifle."

 The Steam Man was placed in Ibe van of the line of battle.

 Protected as they were by the impervious screen, those on board
 could (Ire with advantage at the cowboys.

 The battle was a hot one, but every moment the cowboys slowly
 gained ground.

 What was worse, the ammunition of the Vigilants seemed to be
 giving out.

 With plenty of ammunition.it was possible that the Vigilants
 could have held them at bay for a long while.

 But, of course, when the ammunition should give out, the battle
 would be ended.

 White-faced, but determined, the brave plainsmen stood their
 ground.

 N'ot a man of them thought of retreat. All were prepared to give
 nptbelr lives like heroes.

 There seemed no way of getting out of their present desperate
 situation.

 To retreat was about equal to an impossibility, for it would be
 out upon the open plaiu where they would be shot down like
 sheep.

 The situation was an awful one.

 " Dura it, I don't keer for myself," said bluff Harmon the vigilant
 leader, “ but some of the boys have families dependent 011 'em. Ah,
 that dog of a Cliff has sins to answer fer."

 “You are right,” agreed Frank Reade, Jr. “ But there must be
 some wav of getting out of this scrape."

 11	Howl"

 “ Ah, that is a sticker. There is uo hope of reinforcements near !"

 “ None whatever."

 "The Steam Man could be sent for them in quick time, if such a
 thing were possible."

 "But it is not. The nearest place is Ranch V, and that is Cliff's
 own den. We know that."

 "Certainly."

 “ The fort is too far off. There is just one forlorn hope.”

 “Ah!"

 "The cavalry."

 “But they may have been all wiped out.”

 “ Very true. Well, we must die then like men. But, Mr. Reade,
 there is no reason why you should not take the girl in your Steam
 Man and make your escape."

 Frank placed a hand upon tho vigilant captain's shoulder.

 "Yes!' he said, briefly. “I could do that."

 "Then do it. We will hold the foe at bay until-"

 “Stop!1'

 Harmon looked his surprise.

 "Youdo not know me,” said Frank Reade. Jr., determinedly,
 “ilojou think I would desert you in this hour of need i"

 "Neverl If you die so do we. Until the last the Steam Man will
 stand his ground."

 With tears of emotion in his eyes Harmon gripped Frank's hand.

 "God bless you!" was all he could say.

 At this moment one'of the vigilants came up excitedly.

 " We are just firing tho last cartridges," he declared. “ What
 shall we do ? Is it a retreat, Harmon ?"

 “Retreat!" cried the vigilant leader, clubbing his rifle. “ Never!
 Come on one and all. The crisis has come. Now let us show them
 how brave men can die.”

 The cowboys with their wild cheers were forcing the crippled vig-
 ilants back.

 But even in the moment of their victory a strange sound came
 from the rear and a mighty cry went up from the throats of the
 vigilants.

 "Hurrah! We are saved! Rescue has come at last."

 i company

CHAHTER XVII.

ONCE MOKE- IN THE ENEMY'S POWER.

 It had been Col. Clark’s firm intention to return to the fort for re-
 inforcements.

 It was a long ways, but he did not reckon this. lie thought only
 of securing a sufficient body of men to cope successfully with the
 cowboys.

 So on they rode the little remnant of the squad for the far distant
 fort.

 But after a night had been spent in camp, just as the bugle called
 “boots and saddles." one of the guard sighted a body of horsemen
 just coming over a swell in the prairie.

 The alarm was given and Clark rode out to investigate.

 One glance was enough and a cry of joy escaped his lips.

 " Hurrahr he cried. “ Weare in luck. It is Itomaine's
 of one hundred men. Forward all I"

 With cheers the little band rode out to meet the reinforcements.

 The command had been sent out under Captain Romaine to search
 for Clark and his men.

 The two odicers shook hands and explanations were made.

 “You have come just in the nick of time, Romaine," declared
 Clark. “ \Ve can now return and whip the cowboys.”

 “ We are with you, colonel!" declared the captain with a salute.
 “ The boys are itching for some hot work."

 "Well, I will promise it to them," laughed Clark, as he took com-
 mand.

 At once the cavalry set out at full gallop for the hills.

 It seemed like a strange fate that guided them almost to the vei -
 scene of the conflict.

 The firing was heard long before the pass was reached, ana Clark
 hurried his men forward.

 He at once threw them into the pass in the rear of Cliffs gang.

 It was an opportune moment, too.

 Just as the hist cartridge of the vigilants was used the cavalrv
 struck the rear of the cowboy gang.

 Instantly a panic seized Cliff’s men. Thev made a brief stand,
 aud then were driven up a side deille into the'hills.

 Here they made a stubborn stand.

 The cavalry literally cleared the pass, aud riding through came
 into the midst of tbe vigilants.

 The.scene which followed baffles description.

 In a moment Clark and big Hannon were shaking hands with the
 deepest emotion.

 “ Ye came jest in the nick of time. Clark," declared the vigilant
 chief. “ In ten minutes more we might have all been dead men.”

 " Then weare in luck," cried the colonel, “for which 1 am very
 glad. Ah, Mr. Reade, 1 am glad to see you."

 “ The same,” replied Frank, as he gripped hands with ihe colonel.
 Then Clark rode away up the defile to see what was going on
 there."

 He found the fiercest kind of a battle in progress. The cowbovs
 had intrenched themselves once more ana were making a bold
 stand.

 Tho cavalry outnumbered them, but they were in a verv advan-
 tageous position.

 The best efforts of Clark’s men would not suffice todislodge them.
 For a long while the sanguine battle went on.

 In vain Clark tried to eject them from their position. His brav-
 est efforts met with failure.

 The intrepid colonel knew that if he could get the foe into the
 open he could hope to whip them.

 But as it was it looked certainly as if his plucky little band would
 be badly decimated in the accomplishment of the desired end.

 In this quandary Frank Reade, Jr., appeared upon the spot.

 The young inventor had borrowed ahorse of one of the vigilants
 and rode up to see how the light was going on.

 “Well, colonel," he said, greeting Clark, “how are vou making
 out?”

 “ Not as well as I could desire," replied the colonel in a dejected
 manner.

 “ Wliat is the matter?”

 “ Why, I can’t drive the rascals.”

 “ Why not ?”

 “They have a position up there in the hills which Is unassail-
 able."

 "I disagree with you," said Frank, quietly. “ lam nota military
 engineer, out I am a land surveyor and I tell you their position on
 that hill is not of the best.”

 Clark was staggered.

 “ Why, it is the best position about here." he declared.

 “ No,' said Frank, gravely. " Yonder is a much better position.”
 He pointed to a hill Co the right, and which the one upon which
 the cowboys were seemed to overlook.

 “What—try to command the foe from that hill f” cried Clark,
 scornfully. ‘ We would only expose ourselves, and they would
 sweep us from it like chaff before tne wind."

 “ No, they wouldn't."

 “ Now, Mr. Reade, what is the use for you to tall; that way 1 The
 hill upon which they are is higher than this one. ’

 “ It may be higher in the number of feet," replied Frank, “but
 not in advantage of position."

 “ How do you make that out?"

 “ It is easy enough to see. The top of this hill is smooth, is it
 not ?”

 “ Yes."

 “ The top of theirs is craggy and they cannot climb up to it. Their
 position is far from the top. A position on the top of yonder hill
 will easily look down into their camp."

 Ciark was surprised, but he saw the logic of Frank's remark.

 “ By .love!" he cried. " Perhaps you are right.”

 “ I think you will find that I am.

 “ But I would have taken my oath that they had the highest posi-
 tion around here.”

 “ Well, that would seem to be really so, for tbo hill Itself is
 higher. Yet it is but an optical delusion.

 Clark extended his hand to Frank.

 “ Mr. Reade," he cried warmly. “ You are right. I acknowledge
 mv mistake. Perhaps your opportune suggest ion may enable us to
 whip the foe.”

 “ If it is of any value, I am highly pleased!" said Frank, mod-

 6S“ 1 feel that it is, and I shall at once proceed to take the hill.

 Clark at once proceeded to do this. By his command his men
 moved up the back side of the hill.

 This protected them from the bullets of the cowboys.

 Arrived at the top of the smooth hill, it was found that Frank
 Reade, Jr., was right.	.

 They were enabled to look right down upon the cowboys in their
 position.

 •' Hurrah!" cried Clark, jubilantly, that means victory.

 A volley was given the astonished cowboys. They returned with
 ill effect.	, ,

 The tables were exactly turned upon them, and they were not
 slow to see the point,

 A red-hot fire was kept up for some little time, but the cowboys no

longer held the advantage..............

 Indeed it began to look muchly as if they were to be driven from
 their position.

 Suddenly all firing ceased.

 The cowboy gang were not in sight, nor did they tire another

 Clark feared a stratagem or some fatal decoy, and dared not at
 once order a charge.

 But finally he became convinced that the cowboys had evacuated
 their position and had made a retreat.

 Flushed with victory Clark ordered his men to charge.
20

FRANK READE. JR., AND HIS NEW STEAM MAN.

 Up tha siope they went with fixed bayonets. Bat when they
 cleared the top of the Intrench ments, hastily thrown up by the cow-
 boys. it wns found that they had gone.

 They had departed quite unceremoniously and completely.

  Not au article of any kind was left behind.

 Indeed it also became a mystery as to the course taken by them.
 Not a sign of a trail coula be found.

  It baffled the cavalrymen.

  11	By Jupiter!" exclaimed Clark, In disgust, -how are you going to
  fight such a shadowy foe. If they would only come out like men
  aud light it out it would be all right. But they don't dare do it."

 ••You would whip them," said Frank lieade, Jr., with a laugh.
 “That is why they are playing hide aud seek.”

  “ 1 suppose so, but it makes it pretty hard for me. I suppose the
  best course now Is to send out scouts and scour the hills."

  “ Exactly."

  “All right. I will do it.'

  I	hope you will succeed."

  “ Thank you. I will do it or die."

  •• That is'a good resolution."

  “Well, I mean it, every word of it.

 With this Clark ordered bis men to horse, und the quest at once
 began.

  Frank did not believe that he could be of further service just now,
  bo he decided to return to the Steam Man.

 Mounting liis horse he rode down through the defile. In a few
 moments he reached the spot where the remnant of the brave Vigi-
 lant band were.

 There was the Steam Man intact, but Frank saw at a glance that
 something was wrong about the camp.

 Everybody appeared to be‘deeply excited. Young Barrows was
 seen wringing his hauds aud rushing about madly.

 Frank sent’his horse forward rapidly.	v

 Burney saw him coming and ran out to meet him.

  " Och lione, Misther Frank!” he cried.

 “ Well!" exclaimed Frank, reining up his horse, “ what is the
 matter C	*

  “ Sure, somethin' terrible has happened since ye went away."

  "Well, what is it r

  " Shure, sor, the young lady. Bessie, has gone, sor, an' divilja wan
  av u-h kinfolnd her anywhere?’

 “ Bessie Hodman gone?" gasped Frank. “ Can that be possible?”

  “Shure, sor. it is, an'faix they all do believe that the divils av
  cowboy*, Ik- the orders av Ar temus Cliff, have got her agin.”

  “ Great heavens!" cried Frank, with horror, " how on earth could
  they bav< done that! Is there not enough of you here to prevent?"

  •• .Shure. sor, that is thrue enough," cried liamey. “ But it's the
  Blmil's fmiIt hersilf, as ivery wan believes."

  •• Her fault!” cried Frank, in surprise. “ How could that be?”

CHAPTER XVIII.

THE LOVERS QUEST.

  “ I’Ll, tell ye how It was. Mister Reade," cried bluff Harmon, the
  vigilant, as he came up. “ Ye see the gal took big chances. Thar's
  a spring in that bit av bushes there an she went over to git a drink
  oJ water. Nobody has seen her since.”

 " Have you made a good search?" asked Frank, sharply.

  “ An all Ilred good one."

 " Hut how do vou know that Cliffs gang have got her?"

 “ Because we know that it could not lie Injuns, for the ground
 was marked with prints of the cowbovs’shoes.

  Frank received tills Information with sinking heart.

 lie knew that it must be too true that Besae Hodman had again
 fallen into the hands of Cliff.

  It \vhs a dismaying reflection.

  To effect her rescue would prove no easy task.

  .1 list how to go to work to do it was a problem to Frank.

  But he was uot long in deciding upon a plan of action.

 Meanwhile young Harrows, desperate over the thought that his
 girl love was once more in Cliff's power, had made a daring move.

  Alone he rode away into the hills.

 He was determined to rescue Bessie or sacrifice his life in the
 attempt.

 Barrows was a youth of rare pluck and great determination.

  In tills quest he was aided by his blind love for Bessie Rodman.
  For her he would gladly give up his life.

  Striking into the hills lie sought to follow the trail of the ab-
  ductors.

  But it was soon lost iu the tlinty ground, and his best efforts to
  recover it were in vain.

 However, he kept on with feverish resolution. It was now a
 blind quest, but this did not deter him in the least.

  Soon Barrows had penetrated deep into the hills.

  He heard the distant sounds of firing and knew that the soldiers
  and Cliffs men were yet having it out,

 “ God give me strength to rescue Bessie Rodman!" he prayed, as
 he rode on.

 It bad occurred to Barrows that the young girl might have been
 taken to Ranch V by her captors.

  He had half made up his mind to proceed thither when a thrilling
  thing occurred.

  Suddenly the sharp crack of a rifle smote upon the air.

  Barrows reeled in the saddle and bis horse gave a plunge.

 A line of red blood trickled down over hia face. The bullet had
 grazed bis cheek bone.

  It was a narrow escape.

  The fraction of an inch in another direction, and the bullet might
  hare penetrated his brain.	6

 oung Barrows had faced danger and death times enough to
 know quite well what to do.

 lie instantly dropped from his horse aud spoko a word of com-
 mand to the animal.

 The faithful and well-trained steed wheeled and galloped away
 into the cover of timber near.

 Barrows himself sank down behind a pile of rocks.

  All this was done in the twinkling of an eye.

 The trained westerner whose life is in danger knows well the
 value of quick action.

  It was this which saved the life of Barrows, for half a dozen bul-
  lets came whistling down the mountain side tbe next moment.

  He had run unconsciously upon his foes, lie experienced a thrill
  ns it occurred to him that this was most likely the party who had
  Bessie Rodman in their charge.

 “Heaven help me now!" be muttered, fervently. “I must save
 her or die!”

  From his position he could safely scrutinize the mountain side.

 He saw that far up on its side there was a rude cabin uiade of
 bark and logs.

  From this the storm of bullets had come.

  Nothing could be seen of those within Lhe cabin.

 But Barrows believed that uot only was the foe within, but also
 Bessie Rodman.

 He was somewhat at a loss now to know just what move to make.

  To advance openly to the attack would have been an act of folly.

 He would certainly have met his death in a summary fashion.

 So while pondering on the subject he continued to watch the
 cabin windows.

  He held his rifle in readiness for instant use.

  Suddenly a face appeared for an instant at one of the windows.

 It was quickly withdrawn, and Barrows had not time lo tire. He
 recognized it, however, as the face of one of the outlaws.

 The young plainsman's nerves were steel, and he watched his
 chance again with nervous anxiety.

 Suddenly the opportunity came. Once more the face appeared.

  Barrows raised liis rifle quick as thought.

  Crack!

 A wild cry went up. the sound of a falling body was heard, and
 then the tramping of feet and bitter curses.

  Barrows knew that his shot had taken effect.

 Then he changed his position. But not a sound or a sign of life
 came from the mysterious cabin.

  “Ifthey are in the cabin they arc keeping mighty dark." he mut-
  tered. “They surely must be there, for I have not seen them come
  out as yet."

  A great length of time had elapsed.

  Certainly an ho-ir aud a half of waiting had passed, and Barrows
  felt that he must do something and at once.

 "I shall die of worriment if 1 stay here,” ho muttered. “Per-
 haps-"

 He paused. A thrilling thought had struck him.

 It was more than likely that h" had been waiting all this while
 for nothing.

  It would have been not by any means a difficult matter for the foe
  to have slipped out by a rear exit, und by this time be far from the
  spot.

  But how was he to determine this fact.

 It could only be done by approaching the hut boldly and search-
 ing it.

  To do this was to incur the risk of a bullet from the outlaws.

  This might be only a clever trick of theirs to draw him from his
  covert.

 All these thoughts passed kaleidoscope like through Barrow's
 braiu.

  He was satisfied that the foe could be but a half dozen in number.

  If he could have kept up a desultory battle with them in his tires-
  ent position he believed that he could have picked off a number of
  them, aud thus reducing their numbers eventually bring the tight
  to a focus with a fair chance of winning.

 But the outlook now was by no means so prepossessing.

 it was more than 1 cely that he would have great dltllculty in
 cutting off the abducf >rs before they should join the main body ol
 the cowboys.

  in this case it would be more difficult to rescue Bessie Rodman.

  Barrows now realized bis folly In starting out single hande't to
  pursue the abductors.

 If he had now several of his companions with him the hut could
 have been surrounded and there would have been little trouble in
 making the rescue.

 But time was speeding and something had got to be done at once.

 Barrows proceeded to act.

  He began to cautiously climb up the mountain side keeping in the
  cover of rocks and trees.

 He was very careful not to expose himself to a shot and in this
 way had soon reached a point from which he believed he could see
 the rear end of the cabin.

  There it stood lonely and silent.

  Was it really deserted or were the foe yet within its wails?"

  To all appearances it was deserted.

 Barrows hesitated a moment and then took tho desperate chance.

 He emerged boldly from the woods and approached t he cabin.

 On he went until within ten yards of the door. Yet there was no
 sign of life.

 The next moment he reached tho door.

  It yielded to his touch and lie entered. The place was deserted.

  There were evidences that the foe had been there.

  Also Barrows made a thrilling discovery. In the soft dirt of the
  floor ho discovered the footprints of Bessie Rodman.

  At least it was safe to presume that they were hers, for there was
  no likelihood that the region for many miles held another of her
  .gentle sex.

 Feverishly Barrows examined the trail and followed it out
 through a rear door of the cabin.

  It led into a narrow gulch and up the mountain.

  It was quickly lost in the gravelly soil, but Barrows kept on up
  tbe mountain.

 He now censured himself for not having acted with greater dis-
 patch.

 He believed that had he changed his position earlier he would
FRANK READE, JR., AND HIS NEW STEAM MAN.

21

 have become aware sooner of the change of base of the abductors.

 This was undoubtedly true, but on the other hand there had been
 the great risk of exposure to a bullet.

 On the whole the lover felt that he had reason to be grateful for
 his success in so promptly striking the trail of the foe.

 He kept on up the mountain with increasing hopes.

 If he could once more overtake the abductors under more favor-
 able circumstances he believed that he could effect the rescue of
 Bessie Hodman.

 He still kept on up the mountain.

 Then he suddenly halted at a point from which he had a good
 view of the country about.

 He looked down upon a level plain .below some distance which
 was fringed with trees.

 In the verge of this timber line Barrows saw a number of moving
 figures.

 He was satisfied that they were the party of abductors and he even
 fancied he could ses the form of Bessie Rodman.

 With deadly resolution Barrows started in pursuit.

 Down the mountain he went and soon reached the level of the
 plain.

 „ The party was now out of sight but Barrows believed that he
 could overtake them.

 So he set out at a rapid pace aloug the verge of the timber. Excit-
 ing experiences were in store for him.

CHAPTER XIX.

FRANK'S NARROW ESCAPE.

 Frank Reade, Jr., had decided to go at once in quest of the ab-
 ductors of Bessie Rodman.

 He called Pomp and Barney aboard the Steam Man, and the start
 was made.

 Of course they were not aware that Barrows had started out upon
 the same mission.

 It was decided to proceed up the Death Gulch, for Frank fancied
 that the abductors had likely struck out over the mountain range.

 The gulch could be traversed by the Steam Man easily, and Frank
 deemed it safer to travel that way.

 Up the gulch the Steain Man went.

 For some distance all went well, and no incident worthy of note
 occurred.

 But finally a branch of the canyon was reached, and here a halt
 was called.

 This extended to the southward.

 Frank knew that the outlaws could not have crossed this without
 a wide detour.

 The ground was high above the walls of the canyon, and the
 young Inventor decided upon a different move.

 The Steam Man proceeded up this canyon for some ways.

 Then Frank called a halt.

 “ We will stop here, ’ he said.

 “ Shure, Mistner Frank," cried Barney. “ phwat iver do yez want
 »o do that fer I It's a clear course ahead."

 “ I am well aware of that. B*rney," replied Frank, “but I am not
 sure that we are following the right course."

 “ Indado, sor.”

 “ I mean to climb to the top of the canyon wall here and take a
 look off at the country."

 " Shure enough, sor!”

 “ Golly, Marse Frrnk, amn't yousc gwine to let dis chile go wif
 joT'

 “ Begorra, not a bit av it!" cried Barney. “ Shure, yez may stay
 wid the Stheam Man, naygur."

 “ Yo' g'long, I'ish! I reckon Marse Frank take me dis time."

 Frank smiled and said :

 “ Yes, it is no more than fair. Pomp, for you to go this time. You
 will remain with tht Man, Barney."

 Barney did not demur, for he knew that it would be of no use.

 But he had been with Frank on excursions many times, and per-
 haps felt that it was no more than fair that foinp should have this
 chance.

 No time was lost.

 Armed with rifles and revolvers, the two explorers left the Steam
 Uan.

 A good path up the canyon wall was selected, and after an ardu-
 ous climb they finally reached the summit.

 From here a mighty view of the country about was obtained.

 As far as the eye could reach to the east ward was the level expanse
 of plain.

 In the other direction mountain peaks rose above them to a great
 altitude.

 Frank had a powerful glass, and with this proceeded to scrutinize
 the country below.

 But he could see nothing of the cowboys, nor was he able to tell
 in what direction Clark's men had gone.

 He descried at once what he believed to be smoke ascending from
 behind distant trees, and fancied that this might be from the guns
 of the military and the cowboys.

 But of this lie was not sufficiently positive to venture to go thither.

 “Well, Pomp!" he said dubiously, as he closed the glass. “I
 don't see that we can locate the abductors of Bessie Rodman from
 here. I declare I am befogged."

 “Gollv. Marse Frank," cried Pomp, with dilated eyeballs, “what
 eber yo'tink we bettah do nowr

 “ I declare I don't know."

 "I’se done reckon dat de cowboys hab gone back to dat ranch ob
 dere's wid dat lily gal."

 Frank gave a start.

 Itbad not before occurred to him that the abductors might have
 taken their captive to Ranch V.

 Indeed, so strongly did he become impressed with the possibility
 that he was half inclined to start at once for the ranch.

 But sober second thought impelled him first to think of searching
 the hills.

 If she could not be found in them then it would be time enough to
 think of paying Ranch V a visit.

 An incident happened at the moment also that for atime prevent-
 ed any move of the sort.

 Pomp had begun to scale a small peak near.

 “ P’ra'ps I kin geta bettah look from up yere, Marse Frank!"cried
 the darky. “ Jes’ de same, I tries it fo' yo'."

 “ All right, Pomp," replied Frank. “Tell me if you see anviliing
 of importance and I will come up.”

 “ A right, sah."

 Pomp went up the peak.

 He reached the top and began to look over the country, when
 suddenly he beheld a thrilling scene below.

 Frank had gone to the cage of the canyon to look over and see
 what the Steam Man was about.

 As he leaned over the edge of the deep gorge he did not see a
 giant form suddenly glide from a crevice in the cliff behind him.

 It was, in reality, an enormous black bear.

 The brute had caught sight of Frank, and being in an ugly mood,
 started for him.

 The bear advanced so quickly and noiselessly that Frank was all
 unaware of his presence until the brute was upon him.

 Then a terrific blow from the bear's paw sent him reeling; over
 the edge of the cliff.

 Over the edge went the young inventor, and a yell of horror and
 pain went up from Pomp's lips.

 "Golly sakes, Marse Frank, hab yo’fallen down to yo’ death T
 cried the affrighted darky, as he came tumbling down the peak like
 a madman.

 Frank had certainly gone over the edge.

 The bear stood upon the verge of the precipice growling savagely.

 Pomp was in a frenzy of fear and horror. He could not see what
 was to prevent his beloved master from going down to bis death.

 He would have rushed to the spot where Frank had stood but the
 bear was there.

 At this moment the stillness of the gorge was broken by the shrill
 whistle of the Steam Man.

 This was enough for Pomp.

 In a moment he raised his rifle and fired at the bear.

 Ordinarily, he would have been compelled to fire many times, hue
 as chance had it, this single shot proved fatal.

 It struck the bear full In the eye and went crashing through hii
 brain.

 The big brute went over the edge of the precipice and crashing
 down into the gorge.

 Pomp heard plainly the crash of the bear’s body as it struck the
 bottom of the pass.

 Then he rushed to the edge and looked over.

 He saw the bottom of the gorge plainly enough. There lay the
 Inanimate form of the bear.

 The Steam Man stood not twenty yards distant from this pot,
 and Pomp saw Barney far below, yelling and waving his hands.

 The darky answered, and then caught sight of something which
 thrilled him.

 Clinging to a jutting bit of rock in the canyon wall he saw Frank
 Reade, Jr., hanging between heaven and earth.

 The astonished darky foil upon his stomach and leaned far over
 the edge of the gorge.

 “ Golly, Marse Frank!” lie cried, excitedly. “ I done fonght yo' wa*
 a-goner fo’ suah. Hab yo’ got a strong hol’d dar i"

 Pomp!" cried Frank, in sharp tones, “ I am nearly exhausted.

 I	fear I shall lose my lioid here soon."

 “ Fo' Hebbon's sake," cried the affrighted darky, ''don' yo' say
 dat, Marse Frank. If yo' fell down to de cornah ob dat gorge yo'
 would be killed fo’ suah. Yo'jes' wait an' dis chile will help yo'."

 “ You'll have to hurry, Pomp!” cried Frank, in (.n exhausted man
 ner.

 " Yo’ kin jest bet I will."

 “ Whurroo, there naygur!" cried Barnev from below. “ Wud vex
 be afthcr letting down a rope lo Mischer Frank. Quick, now, or ye*
 won't have the toime."

 Pomp acted quickiy.

 The darky carried constantly a lariat at his waste.

 This he lowered over the edge and down to the point where Frank
 was hanging suspended between earth and sky.

 Pomp Bad acted with great dispatch, but even as the rope went
 over the edge, a warning cry went up from Barney below.

 “ My Godi I am falling!' cried Frank, with horror.

 His hands were slipping over the edge of the jutting bit of rock to
 which he clung.

 The next moment they released their grip entirely and down h<-
 went.

 But, as good fortune had it, just below him was a stump grow-
 ing out of the cliff.

 Against this he fell and his clothing caught, upon a jagged root.

 It held him firm!?, and there he hung safe and secure.

 A cry of joy went up from Pomp and Harney.

 •' Jes’ yo hang righton, Marse Frank!" cried ihe darky, earnest-
 ly. “ Don' yo' gib way at all, an' dis chile he done pull you up
 a'righf.”

 “ All right. Pomp," cried Frank, regaining his coolness so habit-
 ual to him. “ I think I am safe here.'

 " Praise de Lor' fo' dat?" cried the elated darky. “ Jes' hoi' right
 on."

 Down went the lariat..

 In a moment more it settled over Frank's shoulders.

 As Pomp drew on it, Frank made it secure under his arms.

 Then the darky began to draw up on the rope. It required some
 exertion of strength, but in a few moments Frank cleared the

 " Rut at this moment a loud shout came up from the gorge below.

 It was Barney's voice raised in a note of alarm.

 " Mv soul!" cried Frank, excitedly. “ What can have happened f

 Both rushed to the edge of the canyon and looked over.
22

FRANK KEADE, Jit., AND ’ HIS NEW STEAM MAN.

OHAPTEK XX.

THE FLOOD—CORN KHING THE FOE.

 It was a thrilling sight which met t heir gaze.

Thev saw Barney leaping up and down aud gesticulating wildly.

 “ What is the mattert" cried Frank.

 But before the words had fairly left hia lips lie saw what was the
 trouble.	.

 Along the bottom of the gorge a thin stream of wacer was flow-
 ing.

Every moment it was increasing.	,

 “ Bejabers, Misther Frank, is there much more wather cornin'?
 cried Barney. "Shure if so, I'm thinkin1 we'd better be after get-
 ting out of here."

 ■■ Bight'" cried the young inventor, excitedly, “ but where can it
 come from?”

 He ran to an eminence near and from which a good view of the
 upper canyon could be had.

 And there Frank beheld a thrilling sight.

 At the upper end of the canyon was a large lake mado by an ac-
 cumulation of logs and debris across tbe source of the canyon.

 Here half a score of men with axes and iron bars were engaged
 In breaking the dam so as to let the whole lake down into the
 gorge.

 11	would mean a flood of awful sort if they succeeded.

 It would surely sweep the canyon clear, and the position of Bar-
 ney was a most perilous one.

 Frank saw tbis with horror.

lie knew at once tlmt the workmen were of the cowboy gang.

 Already the dam could be seen to be giving way.

 In a very few moments tbe flood must come. No time must be
 lost.

 Into the canyon the water wouldjplunge and engulf everything in
 their path.

 Frank waited no longer.

lie sprung to the edge of the canyon and shouted to Barney :

 " Go. for your life, Barney. Bun for the plain. We will take cara
 of ourselves."

 •• All right, sar!”

 Barney sprung into the cage and away went the Steam Man with
 a shriek down the canyon.

 'llie next moment a terrible roar came from the headwaters of
 the gorge, and then Frank and Pomp saw the mighty Hood coming.

 Like a race horse it surged down through the canyon.

1t was now a insd race between the Steam Man and the flood.

 Il	was a long ways to the plain below, and Frank groaned with
 horror as lie tealiftd the uncertainty of the Steam Man s reaching it.

 There were places where the Steam Man must go slowly, and this
 would mean overtaking by the Hood.

 Hut Barney, with his shrewd Irish wit, had realized this.

 He knew that it would be impossible for him to reach the plain
 before the flood.

 So he decided upon a wise move.

 He readied the junction of this canyon with the other.

 There was not a moment to spare.

 Booking back, he could see the water coming in mountainous bil-
 lows.

 The Steam Man had to be checked a trifle in order to turn into
 the other canyon.

 But Barney made the turn all safely, and the Steam Man shot up
 tho canyon far enough to avoid the back current of the flood.

 " Bejabers, I'm in luck this toime!" cricd the Celt, jubilantly, as
 he opened the whistle valve.

 The note of safety was heard by Frank and Pomp witb a sensa-
 tion of great relief and joy.

 They understood al once the move made by Barney.

 " That was a capital thought of Barney's," cried Frank. “ It is
 lucky t hat he did not keep on the plains. "He would have been over-
 taken. '

 " I jes' reckon dat am afac'!" cried Pomp. “Well, I fink we'd bet-
 tali get back to de Steam Man as quick as eber we can.”

 “ You arc right, Pomp," declared Frank. “Our position here will
 be hardly a safe one now.

 “ Youse right, sail.”

 The Hood in the canyon was now rapidly subsiding.

 The great lake had quickly emptied itself into the canyon.

In a short while the bed of the canyon was once more dry.

 Barney then ran the Steam Man back into the main canyon, and
 Frank and Pomp hailed him.

"You did well, Barney!’’ cried the young inventor, joyfully.

 Y ou made tbe best possible move."

 " Begorra, I knew well enough that I bad to git out of the wav of
 the waihers sor. replied Barney. “But shure, are yez cornin'
 down soon r

 “ We are coinin' right down,” replied Fraok.

 Down the canyon wall they scrambled and safely reached the
 gorge.

 Then they greeted Barney with joy and clambered aboard,
 shure, phwatlver will yez do now, Misther Frank 1" cried Bar-
 ney. eagerlv.

 " I shall follow the canyon up and try to dislodge the outlaws,"
 replied rraiiK.

 Very good, sirT cricd Barney,
 thinf
 " Yes."

with readiness. “ We'll go ahead

Barney took the reins and the Steam Man went on up the gorge.

 Ill	a short while they had reached the dam which had held back
 tno lake.

 Here a course was found directly out upon a vast plain,
 r rank was about to direct tbe man’s course thither when an inci-
 dent occurred to for a moment delay them.

 A loud and harsh voice came from the cliff above.

 Hello, down there 1"

^WeBr«led FraSk6 ^ 3een‘ The Steam Man came 10 a baIt’

 “ Ye’re Frank Beade. Jr., eh P
 “That is my name."

 " Wall, I'm Artemas Cliff. I give ye fair warn in to surrender.
 Ye're in a death trap.”

 “Thank yon for informing us," retorted Frank, but I don t be-
 lieve I’ll surrender vet."

 “ Ye won't then ? '

 “No."

 “ Then take the consequences."

 “ I can do that.”

 A savage curse come down upon the air. Then the crack of rifles
 was heard and bullets pattered against the steel netting.

 Of course no harm was done, aud Frank only smiled grimly.

 Be sent the Steam Man up the gorge, and in a few moments came
 out upon the plain, which was deep among the hills aud hemmed in
 with a line of timber.

 The cowboys continued to pour volley after volley into the Steam
 Man.

 Frank waited until he had reached a favorable position.

 Then he stopped the Steam Man, and picking up his riUe, said:
 “,G'ome, boys! let's give them as good as they send."

 Of course Pomp and Barney were ready and eager.

 A destructive fire was sent into the covert of the cowboys.

 In a few moments it grew so hot that they could not remain there,
 and had to get out.

 With baffled yells they retreated deeper into the hills.
 "Whurroo!" yelled Barney jubilantly. “Shure It's aisy enough
 to whip such omadhouns as they be!"

 "Golly! don' yo' be too suah, l’ish," remonstrated Pomp.

 “ What do yez know about it, naygur?'

 “Suah, I know jes' as much as y'o’ does, I’ish.”

 “ G'long! Yex are a big stuff."

 “ I amn t so big a wan as yo' am."

 “Say that agin, an' I'll break the face av yez."

 “Huh! Yo can't do it."

 The two rogues would have had a friendly set-to then and there,
 but Frank interposed.

 “ None of that," he cried, sternly; “there is serious work before
 us."

 This was a quietus upon the two rascals, and they ceased their
 skylarking.

 The cowboys had been driven back, but now a thrilling sound
 came from the distant hills.

 It was the heavy volleying of many rilles. There could be but
 one explanation.

 Evidently the cavalry had come into eonflfct with the cowboys.

 A good sized battle was in progress. An impulse seized Frank.
 He realized that he ought to join that conflict. There was no
 doubt but that the Steam Man could do much to aid the cavalry.

 So he started the Man across the plain, looking for an opening
 into the hills in the direction of the firing.

 This it, however, seemed not easy fo find.

 But as the Man was skirting the line of timber, a thrilling scene
 was suddenly brought to view.

 In a small clearing in the verge of the timber two men were striv-
 ing to down one. It was a terrific and deadly struggle which was
 in brogress.

 Thesingle fighter was holding his own well.

 Near by. with arms tied behind her, was a young girl.

 It was Bessie Bodman.

 “ My Godl" cried Frank. “Quick, for your life, boys! We must
 put an end to that struggle. Don't you see it is young Barrows,
 and he is fighting to rescue the girl.

 "Golly, dat am a fao'!" cried Pomp, excitedly. “Jes gib me a
 chance at dem rapscallions.”

 Up to the spot the Steam Man swiftlv ran.

 A cry of wildest joy and hope welled up from Bessie Bodmau’s
 lips.

 Young Barrows also saw that rescue was at hand and made extra
 exertions to overcome his foes.

 The cowboys, however, seeing that succor had come tried to break
 away.

 As Barrows was too exhausted to restrain them they succeeded
 and dashed away at full speed.

 Reaching their ponies they monnted and were out of sight in a
 twinkling.

 The next moment Barrows bad clasped Besse in his arms, first
 cutting her bonds.

 “ Thank Heaven!” he cricd. “ We are united once more, and this
 time let us hope never to part."

 Those aboard the Steam Man pretended to be busy during the
 affecting meeting.

 But soon the lovers came to the cage and a general welcome fol-
 lowed.

 An explanation of all followed, and then plans for the future
 were quickly decided upon.

CHAPTER XXI.

WHICH IS THE END.

 The sound of firing now came from the hills quite plainly.

 It was evident that Clark's men were having a hard battle.
 Barrows detailed his experiences as we have recorded In a prev-
 ious chapter.

 Then it was decided at onceif possible to join the cavalry.

 “If I can place Miss Bodman in your charge, Mr. Beade,” said
 young Barrows, gallantly, “I vyll gladly join the soldiers and aid
 in the repulse of the foe.

 “ Yoti may do that," replied Frank, readily. “ In fact, I think it
 safer for the lady to remain in the wagon hereafter.”

 "You are very kind."

 “It is nothing.”

 Accordingly Bessie was given a seat in the wagon.

 Then Barrows mounted one of the ponies left by the cowboys.

 “ I will see you later," he said lifting his hat to Bessie.
FRANK liBADE, JR., AND IIIS NEW STEAM MAN.

23

 Then lie rode awav to join the cavalry in their battle.

 The Sleam Mail, of course, could not hope to follow so quickly.
 The fleet, pony could go through narrow paths, and of course Bar-
 rows reached t he scene of action long before the others,
 lint Frauk Reade sent the Steam Man along at. a Rood pace.

 After some search a pass was found, and the Man made Its way
 carefully through, and suddenly came out upon the field of action.

 The cowboys were strongly intrenched iu the hills, and seemed
 disposed to make a final stand.

 Col. Clark's men were making desperate attempts to drive tliefn
 from their position.

 As the Steam Man came dashing up to the spot a great cheer
 went up from the soldiers.

 'Frank answered it by pulling the whistle valve of the Man and
 sending up a sharp note.

 The Man could not hope lo reach the position of the outlaws,
 for the ground was too uneven.

 But a position was taken up from where the battle could be
 easily watched.

 Then Col. Clark came up to the wagon.

 Warm greetings followed, nnd Frank said:

 •'is there anything I could do to help you, colonel?"

 "ithlnknot, replied the gallant otlicer. “I believe we shall
 drive Ihem out very soon now."

 “ I hope so."

 " If 1 aui not mistaken the day of Clilf and his gang are num-
 bered."

 “That is joyful news."

 “ Yes."

 '• I hope you will succeed."

 “Thank you."

 The colonel rode away and the voyagers watched the contest with

 interest.

 One. watching the beautiful face of Bessie Rodman could have
 seen that she was inwardly praying for her lover's safety.

 ltui fortune was with the troops, though they had experienced a
 hard battle.

 The position of the outlaws was a very strong one and almost un-
 as-.'iilable.

 High walls of rock wore there for them to use as a breastwork.

 It was not easy to dislodge them except at great loss of life.

 But Clark was not a man to be defeated.

 He urged his mbn on and slowly but surely drove the foe before
 him. Frank lteade, Jr., now with Barney and Pomp and Bessie
 Hodman on board, took the Steam Man out 011 to the prairie.

 For over an hour a kind of desultory conHict was was kept up in
 Ihe hills.

 Then Col. Clark suddenly came dashing up to the wagon.

 "We have got them dislodged,” he cried. “And I think they
 have struck out for Ranch V. Now if you will show us the way,
 .Mr. Iteade, we will try and exterminate this poisonous gang.”

 " With pleasure!" cried Frank.

 He started the Steam Man at once for Ranch V.

 Across the prairie the machine rau rapidly, and the cavalry gal-
 loped in the rear.

 It was in the latter part of he day that all came out upon a rise
 orevlooking the stockade of Ranch V.

 But the cowboys had got there in advance and had made ready
 for an attack.

 Col. Clark was a man of immediate resources.

 Without, hesitation or a moment's delay he threw his men for-
 ward 011 the charge. At almost the first attack the gate was carried
 and the soldiers entered Sic yard.

 Hut step by step Artemus Cliff contested the way.

 His men by divisions surrendered half a dozen or more at a time.
 Heiug fhus niade prisoners, they were sent to the rear. In this
 maimer the numbers of the cowboy gang were decimated.

 Suddenly a thrilling cry went up.

 “Fire! Fire!"

 The. stockade and ranch proper had been fired, and great columns
 of Hanie now arose.

 The scene was fast becoming a thrilling one. Darkness was com-
 ing on, and the rattle of firearms the dark shadows of night par-
 tially dispelled by the flames, gave a weird aspect to everything.
 Slow but sure was the conquest of Clift and his gang.

 Now he was driven to his last resort, the corner of the stockade
 nearest the river. Scarce a score of his followers now remained.

 It. was utterly no use for him to resist longer. The villain saw it
 but yet- kept on fighting doggedly.

 “Surrender, or die!" cried the lieutenant who led the squad. " It
 is vour only chance.”

 The remaining cowboys threw up their hands. But Cliff pitched
 forward in a heap upon the ground, struck by a pistol ball.

 There he was found later under a heap of dead men. He was re-
 moved to the camp near and his wounds examined.

 Kauch V was a thing of the past.

 Not a stick was left standing, and of the cowbovgang fully .1
 hundred had rendered up I heir final account.

 Possibly twenly of the cavalrymen had been killed.

 It had been quite a severe battle, but Frank Reade, .Tr.. ami his
 companions could not help but feel overjoyed at the result.

 Barney aud Pomp had an old time set-to over the victory, this
 time Poinp coming off victorous.

 The night was passed quietly. Farly the next morning a surgeon
 came to the Steam Man and called for Frank.

 He announced that Cliff was (lying, and wanted to make a con-
 fession but would makeit to nobody else.

 Frank hurried to the dying couch' of the villain. Cliffs filmy gaze
 was fixed upon him eagerly, and he said, huskilv:

 “ Reade, I'm done for. 1 made a good fightbut I've lost. The
 game's up. I might as well make a clean breast of it. Uncle Jim is
 innocent of Rodman's death. Sid Bowen and Jim Dncev. my
 trusted pals, killed Rodman and worked the whole game. Tha't’s all.
 I reckon I can die better now.”

 “ You have done a good deed, Artemus Cliff," said Frank, kindly.
 “ And may God forgive you vour sins."

 But the villain did not answer. Alreadv his eves were set. Tile
 Master had called him. He had cheated the gallows after all.

 A grave was dug on the prairie and Frank saw lhat he was prop-
 erly buried.

 The confession was put in writing and duly witnessed. The mis-
 sion of the new Steam Man to the far west was ended.

•	•	*	1	*	•	,	•	•

 The spirits of all were bright and cheerful, now that the end had
 come.

 The extermination of the Cliff gang was certainly a blessing to
 that part of the State, and 110 one regretted the villain's demise.
 Preparations were now made for the return home.

 Of course, Col. Clark and his command would return to the fort,
 but. Frank now thought of Bessie Rodman.

 “By Jupiter!" he muttered, “something must bo done for her.
 Poor girl! she is without a friend in the world now."

 Barney and Pomp winked at each other, and Barney cried :
 “Bejabers, Misther Frank, have yez lost ver powers av penetra-
 tion ?"

 “ I reckon yo' am way off, Marse Frank,"' rejoined Pomp.

 “ What are you fellows driving at?" fisked Frank, in surprise.

 “ Why, dat ar' gal, she am got one ob de bos' friends in de worl'.
 Jes' yo' caslyo' eye ober dar an' see dat spruce youngfeller what am
 walkin’ wid her.”

 Frank did “cast his eye" in the direction Indicated, and saw
 Bessie and young Walter Harrows approaching.

 There was a particularly happy light upon the faces of both.

 “ Pshaw!" muttered Frank. “ That young fellow can't marry her
 yet. She's got to have a home in the meanwhile. Miss Rodman,
 one moment, please."

 The lovers paused, and Frank said brusquely:

 “ I can understand your position, Bessie, very well, and I know
 that you need a home. I can only offer to take you to Readestown
 with me, and my wife will do all iu her power—"

 “ One moment, sir," said Barrows, with burning face. “ You are
 very kind, but let me first explain. I am this lady's natural pro-
 tector for life.”

 “ AVhat?" gasped Frank.

 “ Yes, she is my wife."

 Pomp and Harney collapsed at the expression upon Frank's face.
 “Your wife?" gasped the young inventor. “When were you
 married ?"

 “Just now, and the ceremony was performed by the chaplain of
 the regiment."

 Frank thrust forth his right hand, and gave Barrows a grip which
 made him wince.

 “You must pardon my conduct,” he cried, “but it was such a
 surprise. I wish you both worlds of happiness."

 Some hours later the new Steam Man was on its way homeward.
 A week later it was in Omaha, Nebraska, and not long thereafter
 was at, home in Readestown.

 The voung inventor was received at home with an ovation, nnd
 his father, the distinguished Reade Senior, was overjoyed lc» learn
 that the evidence lmd been procured to clear Travers.

 As for the latter he came from prison like one coming info a now
 life and from that time 011 regarded Frank Reade, Jr. as his great-
 est earthly benefactor.

 The new Steam Man and his wonderful western trip was the talk
 of the country.

 People came from near and far to see the invention and it was not
 long before the young inventor suddenly found himself involved in
 another daring project.

 The now Steam Man was destined to make another trip, and lio-
 come involved in adventures even more thrilling than these just
 recorded, and a full and detailed account of the second .trip maj be
 found in

Wd. 2. at the FRANK READE LIBRARY,

          -ENTITLED-

Frank Reade, Jr., With His flea Steam Man in Jio flan’s Land;

OR.

OUST .A. MTSTEBIOUS TBAIL,

By. “NONAME.”

WHO IS PRAM READE, JR.?

Frank Beade and Frank Reade, Jr.

Are the Greatest Inventors that Ever Lived,

AND IN ORDER TO PLACE THEIR

  EXCITING, WONDERFUL & EXTRAORDINARY ADVENTURES

      BEFORE THE PUBLIC WE HAVE STARTED THE

  Which will give their exploits with their wonderful inventions in detail and furnish all its
  readers a rare treat in every number. If you don’t believe the above read the following list of
  the first seven titles and be convinced

     NONAME” will write them all, and you know what kind of a story he writes. It will be
  published every Saturday, and each number will be better than the preceding one.

  You had better tell your newdealer to save you a copy.

 No. 1. Frank Reade, Jr., and His -Nevr Steam Man; or, The Young In-
 ventor’s Trip to the Far West, - - - By “Noname.”
 “ 2. Frank Reade, Jr., With His New Steam Man in No Man^s Land;

       or, On a Mysterious Trail, - - - By “Noname.”
  “ 3. Frank Reade, Jr., With His New Steam Man in Central

America, -	-	-	By “Noname.”

   “ 4. Frank Reade, Jr., With His New Steam Man in Texas; or,

Chasing the Train Robbers, -	- Bv “ Noname.”

 5.	Frank Reade, Jr., With His New Steam Man in Mexico; or,
   Hot Work Among the Greasers, -	By “Noname.”

 6.	Frank Reade, Jr, With His New Steam Man Chasing a Gang of
         “Rustlers;” or, Wild Adventures in Montana, By “ Noname.”

 7.	Frank Reade, Jr., and His New Steam Horse; or, The Search
         for a Million Dollars. A Story of Wild Iiife in Mexico,

By “Noname”

FRANK TOUSEY, Publisher,

   Box 2730.	34 and 36 North Moore Street, New York.

CD1.103CS HiiPFy HOURci BROTIItlHHOOD RitRIliT NO. )) , {(CfY})

 ii

 <i

 ii