258 AMAZING STORIES "What does that crack in the floor mean?" "It means we're going to get back where we belong," Arthur cried jubilantly. "It means I'm on the track of the whole trouble. It means every- thing's going to be all right." He prowled about the vault exultantly, noting exactly how the cracks in the flooring ran and seeing in each a corroboration of his theory. "I'll have to make some inspections in the cellar," he went on happily, "but I'm nearly sure I'm on the right track and can figure out a corrective." "How soon can we hope to start back?" asked Estelle eagerly. Arthur hesitated, then a great deal of the excite- ment ebbed from his face, leaving it rather worried and stern. "It may be a month, or two months, or a year," he answered gravely. "I don't know. If the first thing I try will work, it won't be long. If we have to experiment, I daren't guess how long we may be. But"--his chin set firmly--"we're going to get back." Estelle looked at him speculatively. Her own expression grew a little worried, too. "But in a month," she said dubiously, "we--there is hardly any hope of our finding food for two thou- sand people for a month, is there ?" "We've got to," Arthur declared. "We can't hope to get that much food from the Indians. It will be days before they'll dare to come back to their vil- lage, if they ever come. It will be weeks before we can hope to have them earnestly at work to feed us, and that's leaving aside the question of how we'll communicate- with them, and how we'll manage to trade with them. Frankly, I think everybody is going to have to draw his belt tight before we get through--if we do. Some of us will get along, any- way." Estelle's eyes opened wide as the meaning of his last sentence penetrated her mind. "You mean--that all of us won't--" "I'm going to take care of you," Arthur said gravely, "but there are liable to be lively doings around here when people begin to realize they're really in a tight fix for food. I'm going to get Van Deventer to help me organize a police band to en- force martial law. We mustn't have any disorder, that's certain, and I don't trust a city-bred man in a pinch unless I know him." He stooped and picked up a revolver from the floor, left there by one of the bank watchmen when he fled, in the belief that the building was falling. Wild Pigeons Dash Against the Building ARTHUR stood at the window of his office and stared out toward the west. The sun was setting, but upon what a scene! Where, from this same windoiy Arthur had seen the sun setting behind the Jersey hills, all edged with the angular roofs of factories, with their chim- neys emitting columns of smoke, he now saw the same sun sinking redly behind a mass of luxuriant foliage. And where he was accustomed to look upon the tops of high buildings--each entitled to the name of "skyscraper"--he now saw miles and miles of waving green branches. The wide Hudson flowed on placidly, all unruffled by the arrival of this strange monument upon its shores--the same Hudson Arthur knew as a busy thoroughfare of puffing steamers and chugging launches. Two or three small streams wandered unconcernedly across the land that Arthur had known as the most closely built-up territory on earth. And far, far below him--Arthur had to lean well out of his window to see it--stood a collection of tiny wigwams. Those small bark structures rep- resented the original metropolis of New York. His telephone rang. Van Deventer was on the wire. The exchange in the building was still work- ing. Van Deventer wanted Arthur to come down to his private office. There were still a great many things to be settled--the arrangements for com- mandeering offices for sleeping quarters for the women, and numberless other details. The men who seemed to have best kept their heads were gathering there to settle upon a course of action. Arthur glanced out of the window again before going to the elevator. He saw a curiously compact dark cloud moving swiftly across the sky to the west. "Miss Woodward," he said sharply, "What is that?" Estelle came to the window and looked. "They are birds," she told him. "Birds flying in a group. I've often seen them in the country, though never as many as that." "How do you catch birds?" Arthur asked her. "I know about shooting them, and so on, but we haven't guns enough to count. Could we catch them in traps, do you think?" "I wouldn't be surprised," said Estelle thought- fully. "But it would be hard to catch many." "Come down-stairs," directed Arthur. "You know as much as any of the men here, and more than most, apparently. We're going to make you show us how to catch things." Estelle smiled, a trifle wanly. Arthur led the way to the elevator. In the car he noticed that she looked distressed. "What's the matter?" he asked. "You aren't really frightened, are you?" "No," she answered shakily, "but--I'm rather upset about this thing. It's so--so terrible, some- how, to be back here, thousands of miles, or years, away from all one's friends and everybody." "Please"--Arthur smiled encouragingly at her--~ "please count me your friend, won't you?" She nodded, but blinked back some tears. Arthur would have tried to hearten her further, but the elevator stopped at their floor. They walked into the room where the meeting of cool heads was to take place. No more than a dozen men were in there talking earnestly but dispiritedly. When Arthur and Estelle entered Van Deventer came over to greet them. "We've got to do something," he said in a low voice. "A wave of homesickness has swept over the whole place. Look at those men. Every one is thinking about his family and contrasting his cozy fire side with all that wilderness outside." "You don't seem to be worried," Arthur observed with a smile. Van Deventer's eyes twinkled. "I'm a bachelor," he said cheerfully, "and I live in a hotel, i've been longing for a chance to see some real excitement for thirty years. Business 