Electrical Experts are in Big Demand--L.L. Cooke! I will Train You at Home to Fill a Big~Pay Job! Look What These Cooke Trained Men Are Earning Makes $700 in 24 Days in Radio "Thanks to your interesting Course I made over $700 in 24 days in Radio. Of course, this is a little above the average but I run from $10 to $40 clear profit every day, so you can see what your training has done for me." FRED G. McNABB, 848 Spring St., Atlanta, Georgia $70 to $80 a week for Jacquot "Now I am specializing in Auto Electricity and battery work and make from $70 to $80 a week and am just getting started. I don't believe there is another school in the world like yours. Your lessons are a real joy to study." ROBERT JACQUOT, 2005 W. Colorado Ave., Colorado Springs, Colo. $20 a Day for Schreck "Use my name as a reference and depend on me as a booster. The biggest thing I ever did was answer your advertisement. I'm averaging better than $500 a month from my own business now. I used to make $18.00 a week." A. SCHRECK. Phoenix, Arizona Plant Engineer Pay raised 150% "I was a dumbbell in electricity until I got in touch with Mr. Cooke, but now I have charge of a big plant including 600 motors and direct a force of 34 men--electri- cians, helpers, etc. My salary has gone up more than 150%." GEORCE ILLINGWORTH, 63 Calumet Road, Holyoke, Mass. It's a shame for you to earn $15 or $20 or $30 a week, when in the same six days as an Electrical Expert you could make $70 to $200--and do it easier--not work half so hard. Why then remain in the small-pay game, in a line of work that offers no chance, no big promotion, no big income? Fit yourself for a real job in the great electrical industry. I'll show you how. Be an Electrical Expert Earn $3,500 to $10,000 a Year Today even the ordinary Electrician--the "screw driver" kind--is making money--big money. But it's the trained man--the man who knows the whys and wherefores of Electricity--the Electrical Expert--who is picked out to"boss"theordinary Electricians --to boss the Big Jobs--the jobs that pay $3,500 to $10,000 a Year. Get inline for one of these "Big Jobs." Start by enrolling now for my easily learned, quickly grasped, right up-to-the-minute, Spare-Time Home-Study Course in Practical Electricity. Get Started Now--Mail Coupon L. L. Cooke, Chief Engineer Chicago Engineering Works Age or Lack of Experience No Drawback You don't have to be a College Man-.you don't have to be a High School Graduate. As Chief Engineer of the Chicago Engineering Works, I know exactly the kind of training you need, and I will give you that training. My Course in Electricity is simple, thorough and complete and offers every man, regardless of age, education, or previous experience, the chance to become, in a very short time, an "Electrical Expert," able to make from $70 to $200 a week. NOW No Extra Charge for Electrical Working Outfit With me, you do practical work--at home. You start right in after your first few lessons to work at your profession in the rcegular way and make extra money in your spare time. For this you need tools, and I give them to you--5 big complete working outfits, with tools, measuring instruments, and a real electric motor--5 outfits in all. Your Satisfaction Guaranteed So sure am I that you can learn Electricity--so sure am I that after studying with me, you, too, can get into the "big money" class in electrical work, that I will guarantee under bond to return every single penny paid in tuition, if when you have finished my Course, you are not satisfied it was the best investment you ever made. And back of me in my guarantee, stands the Chicago Engineering Works, Inc., a two million dollar institution, thus ensuring to every student enrolled, not only a wonderful training in Electricity, but an unsurpassed Student Service as well. The "Cooke" Trained Man is the "Big Pay" Man L. L. COOKE Dept. 16A 2150 Lawrence Ave., Chicago Send me at once without obligation your big illustrated book and complete details of your Home Study Course in Electricity, including your outfit and employment service offers. Name .......... Address ....... Occupation .... 