AN EXPERIMENT IN GYRO-HATS 269 the only test of the gyro-hat must be on the head of a man who, without the hat, could not help stag- gering and reeling--a thoroughly intoxicated man. We did not, of course, admit Anne into our little conspiracy, and we chose a restaurant where we were sure intoxicants would be sold. We proceeded to the restaurant about the dinner hour; and after studying the waiters carefully, I selected one that seemed likely to know something about intoxicants, and we seated ourselves at his table. I placed the gyro-hat carefully across my knees, first setting the starter, and beckoned the waiter to us. "My good fellow," I said, when he had approached with his pencil and order card in hand, "I desire to become intoxicated this evening, and I presume you know something about intoxicating liquors." "Yes, sir," said the waiter. "Tell him, Henry," said my wife, "that we also wish something to eat, but that as our principal object in coming here is to secure intoxicants, we wish him to be particular about them." "You have heard what the lady said," I told the waiter, "and you will be guided accordingly." "Yes, sir," said the waiter, politely. "Does the lady desire to become intoxicated also?" "Heavens, no!" exclaimed my wife. "Certainly not," said the waiter. "Now," I said to the waiter, "you doubtless have different kinds of intoxicating liquors here--some strong and some not so strong--and I do not desire to drink a great quantity to obtain the result I desire. What would you recommend to give the re- quired reeling and staggering condition as quickly as possible?" "Well, sir," he said, "if you will let me advise, I would advise a certain brandy we have. Of that brandy, sir, a little goes a long way. I have seen it work, sir, and I can assure you that a small quantity of that will make you stagger and reel to your heart's content." "Very well," I said, "you may bring me some. I suppose a quart would be enough." "I beg your pardon, sir," he said, "but have you ever tried the brandy of which I speak?" "I have not," I said. "Then, sir," said the waiter apologetically, "un- less you are a very heavy drinker I would not advise a quart of that brandy. A quart of that brandy, sir, would, if I may so speak, lay you out flat. You would not reel and stagger, sir. You would be para- lyzed stiff, sir, dead to the world." I thanked the waiter warmly. "You observe," I said, "that I am not used to this sort of thing, and I appreciate the interest you are taking. I am inclined to leave the matter en- tirely in your hands. I may not know when I have had exactly the right quantity, but you, with your larger experience, will know, sir." "Yes, sir. And I think the lady will know, sir," said the waiter. I found the brandy most unpleasant to the taste, but certain symptoms assured me that the waiter had not belied its effectiveness. Long before the waiter was satisfied that I would stagger and reel, my long lost vocal prowess returned and I caroled gaily some songs that had been favorites of my youth. Many of these were affectionate songs, and when I sang them I had a great longing to hold my wife's hand, and did so; but as she would not let me kiss her, I felt the need of kissing the waiter. Here again I was repulsed, but it did not make me angry. I merely slid down into my chair and waved my hand at him coquettishly. "If you please, sir," said the waiter, when I had finished another burst of song, "I think you are pretty ripe, now. If you would just get up and walk a few steps I can tell more definitely." My wife smiled at me reassuringly and nodded to me that what the waiter proposed had her full sanction; but even so, I was filled with a fear that we were about to be parted forever, and for a few minutes I clung to her neck, weeping bitter tears. I then tore myself away, and I did indeed stagger and reel. I believe I knocked over two small tables and ended by seating myself in the lap of a young man who was dining alone. He accepted my apology before I had spoken more than fifteen minutes of it, and then he aided the waiter in steering me back to my table. Whatever may have been my past opinion of Wals- ingham Gribbs--for it was he--I loved him most dearly at that moment, and in my incoherent man- ner I tried to tell him so. I think he understood. At any rate, he spoke to my wife like a true gentle- man. "Madame," he said, "I can sincerely sympathize with your husband, and if you will allow me, I will gladly help you assist him to a cab. I beg you not to be frightened by his condition. I myself am sub- ject to the same trouble, and although he may seem drunk-" "Seem drunk!" exclaimed my wife. "Seem drunk! I beg you to know that my. husband is as drunk as a man can become without being senseless. Either that, or we have been defrauded by this waiter !" Walsingham Gribbs looked at my wife, and then smiled. "Very well," he said, "if what you wanted was to have him drunk, I'll admit that he is about the drunkest man I have ever seen. I only spoke as I did in order that I might spare your feelings, for most wives object to seeing their husbands stagger and reel. I myself stagger and reel continually, and I have never tasted intoxicating liquor in my life, but I can share the feelings of one who staggers and reels, or who has a relative that staggers and reels." At this my wife said: "Are you not Walsingham Gribbs? If you are I am delighted to meet you, even in this unconventional manner, for what brought us here will interest you." She then told him of the gyro-hat I had invented, and explained just why I had come to this place and, had swallowed the strong brandy. I took no part in this conversation, but Walsingham gladly agreed to accompany us, and he put my gyro-hat on my head. The result was indeed marvelous. Instantly the vacuum pump began to work and the gyroscope to revolve. My head, which had been lying 011 one side, straightened up. ' The rubber sweat band grip- ped my head tightly with a slight pulling sensation. Without assistance I arose from my chair and stood erect. My brain was still confused, but I walked as straight as a string direct to the door of the restaurant, and stood holding it open while my wife 