THE MALIGNANT ENTITY 279 spot separate itself from the stringy mass by which it was suspended, drop to the floor and roll under the table. An exciting chase of several minutes ensued. The thing darted, or rather, rolled from place to place with amazing rapidity. The tile floor was cracked in a dozen places by blows from the clubs of the two policemen who assisted us. At length we drove it into the corner beneath the lavatory and advanced in close formation. I had armed my- self with a large spatula, the doctor gripped a heavy pestle, the two policemen had their clubs and the chief held his automatic pistol in readiness. As we drew close we moved with extreme cau- tion, our nerves taut, our weapons ready to strike when the thing should make its dash for liberty. We waited breathlessly, but no movement came from the corner. I prodded the space behind the water pipes with my spatula. Still no sign of the thing we were after. Then I peered behind them and saw the reason--a hole an inch in diameter in the tile floor, probably drilled in the wrong place by a careless plumber and left unfilled because it was out of sight. When I pointed it out to Dr. Dorp he shook his head solemnly. "The Malignant Entity has escaped," he said. "No one in this house--in this community, even-- is safe until it is captured or killed." "You don't mean to tell me that little thing we were chasing around the room could kill anybody," said the chief. "I am not so sure that it could kill any one now that it has been reduced to the size of a golf ball, although the cytoplasm surrounding the nucleus evidently has the power of quickly dissolving and assimilating living tissues. Its growth, apparently, is only limited by the amount of food it can find." "Maybe we'd better get the women out of the house," said the chief. "The sooner, the better. I suggest also that you surround the place with men armed with shotguns. If that thing gets out and starts to grow I shudder to think of what may happen. Children will not be safe outside their own homes, and perhaps not even within them. Adults will be attacked as soon as the creature has attained sufficient size, and there is always the possibility that it may have the power to reproduce its kind. Organisms of this kind, as a rule, multiply with exceeding rapidity. Think of a thousand or perhaps a million such monsters roaming through the land. It is almost impossible to kill them because of the power we have just witnessed, of leaving the body, no matter how large it has grown, taking with it only enough cytoplasm to protect the nucleus and make a new start." We were all gasping from the fumes that came out of the tank, and glad to get out of the labora- tory. When all were assembled in the living room the chief phoned headquarters for men and shotguns while Dr. Dorp and I explained what we had found to Miss Townsend. After we had described our adventure in detail, the doctor said: "It seems strange that your father left no records of his experiments with the monster." "I feel quite sure that he left a record of some sort, though I have never seen it," replied Miss Townsend. "Have you any idea where it is?" "Perhaps in his safe in the study." "I do not remember seeing a safe in the study." "Naturally. It is hidden. Come and I will show you where it is." We followed her into the study and she swung -back one of the bookcases which was hung on con- cealed hinges, revealing a small wall safe. "Would you mind opening it for us?" asked the doctor. She turned the dial to number twelve, then pulled the lever. It did. not move. She seemed surprised, set the dial more carefully and tried again with the same result. "It's no use, I guess," she said. "The last number of the combination is twelve. He usually turned it back to one and then it was only necessary to turn it to twelve to open it. He must have locked it last night." "Don't you know the combination?" "No. Father was the only one who knew that." "I wonder if you would object to our blowing the safe," he asked. "Not if it will be of any assistance to you." Chief McGraw, who had just finished calling head- quarters, came into the room. "Think you can get us a safe-cracker tonight, Chief?" asked the doctor. "Get you most anything you want. What's in the safe?" "We believe it contains some valuable information regarding the thing we were chasing a while ago." "I'll get a man out here right away," said Mc- Graw, going once more to the phone. Officer Burke escorted Miss Townsend, Mrs. Harms and the two servants to the Harms home, where they were to spend the night. Shortly afterward there arrived twenty policemen armed with shotguns and carrying several dozen bulls-eye lanterns. They brought extra weapons which were distributed to all of us who remained in the house, the chief, the doctor, the four police- men and myself. Burke was to remain on guard next door. A ring of lanterns was placed around the house and the twenty armed men were posted at inter- vals between them. We then divided our forces as follows: One policeman was placed on guard in the laboratory. Chief McGraw with another police- man patrolled the upper rooms and halls. The doctor and one policeman remained on the first floor and I, accompanied by a strapping young fellow named Black, who had recently been admitted, to the force, did sentry duty in the basement. Theorizing THE Townsend basement was divided into three rooms, each lighted rather dimly by the yellow rays from an incandescent globe sus- pended on a short drop-cord. The furnace room and coal bins were. situated at the rear end. The middle compartment contained a miscellaneous as- sortment of boxes, barrels, garden tools, household (Continued on page 286) 