285 The Runaway Skyscraper By MURRAY LEINSTER (Concluded) years flee by, three generations were born, grew and begot children, and died again! Estelle, held fast in Arthur's arms, thought noth- ing of such trivial things. She put her arms about his neck and kissed him, while the years passed them unheeded. Of course you know that the building landed safely, in the exact hour, minute, and second from which it started, so that when the frightened and excited people poured out of it to stand in Madison Square and feel that the world was once more right side up, their hilarious and incomprehensible con- duct made such of the world as was passing by think a contagious madness had broken out. Days passed before the story of the two thousand was believed, but at last it was accepted as truth, and eminent scientists studied the matter ex- haustively. There has been one rather queer result of the journey of the runaway skyscraper. A certain Isidore Eckstein, a dealer in jewelry novelties, whose office was in the tower when it disappeared into the past, has entered suit in the courts of the United States against all holders of land on Man- hattan Island. It seems that during the two weeks in which the tower rested in the wilderness he traded independently with one of the Indian chiefs, and in exchange for two near-pearly necklaces, six- teen finger-rings, and one dollar in money, received a title-deed to the entire island. He claims that his deed is a conveyance made previous to all other sales whatever. Strictly speaking, he is undoubtedly right, as his deed was signed before the discovery of America. The courts, however, are deliberating the question with a great deal of perplexity. Eckstein is quite confident that in the end his claim will be allowed and he will be admitted as the sole owner of real-estate on Manhattan Island, with all occupiers of buildings and territory paying him ground-rent at a rate he will fix himself. In the mean time, though the foundations are being reenforced so the catastrophe cannot occur again, his entire office is packed full of articles suitable for trading with the Indians. If the tower makes an- other trip back through time, Eclcstein hopes to be- come a landholder of some importance. No less than eighty-seven books have been written by members of the memorable two thousand in description of their trip to the hinterland of time, but Arthur, who could write more intelligently about the matter than any one else, is so extremely busy that he cannot bother with such things. He has two very important matters to look after. One is, of course, the reenforcement of the foundations of the building so that a repetition of the catas- trophe cannot occur, and the other is to convince his wife--who is Estelle, naturally--that she is the most adorable person in the universe. He finds the latter task the more difficult, because she insists that he is the most adorable person--: The End TO OUR READERS SINCE the second issue of AMAZING STORIES appeared, we have been literally overwhelmed with the most flattering and enthusiastic letters from our readers that it has been our good fortune to see in the twenty years of our experience as publish- ers. There are so many letters that it is physically impossible to answer all of them, and we again.wish to thank all of our good friends who have taken the trouble to write us. In going through these letters we have been pleasantly surprised that so many of our readers think that the magazine should come out oftener than once a month. Some have even gone as far as to demand that AMAZING STORIES become a weekly, while most of them want to see it a bi- monthly; that is, appearing every fortnight. We have given this a good deal of consideration, and while there were several hundred such letters, we would like to put the matter to a popular vote --which we are doing herewith. We ask you to be kind enough to fill out the blank at the bottom of this page, paste it on a post card, or enclose it in an envelope, and mail to us. If you do not wish to mutilate the magazine page, it will be all right to use a post card, copying the voting coupon. You may rest assured that we shall accede to the wishes of the majority. If by a decisive vote it is found that we should publish the magazine twice a month, this request; will be complied with in due time. Of course no reader obligates himself in any way by filling in and returning the coupon. VOTING COUPON Publishers of AMAZING STORIES, 53 Park Place, New York City. Gentlemen:--I like the magazine as it is now--a monthly □ I would like to see AMAZING STORIES come out twice a month (at 25c for each copy) □ NAME ....................................................... STREET and ADDRESS ......................................... CITY ....................................................... STATE ...................................................... 