198 AMAZING STORIES At six o'clock in the evening, after a very weari- some journey, but one not so tiring as before, we had made six miles towards the southward, but had not gone more than a mile downwards. My uncle, as usual, gave the signal to halt. We ate our meal in thoughtful silence, and then retired to sleep. Our arrangements for the night were very primitive and simple. A traveling rug, in which each rolled himself, was all our bedding. We had no necessity to fear cold or any unpleasant visit. Travelers who bury themselves in the wilds and depths of the African desert, who seek profit and pleasure in the forests of the New World, are com- pelled to take it in turn to watch during the hours of sleep; but in this region of the earth absolute soli- tude and complete security reigned supreme. After a night's sweet repose, we awoke fresh and ready for action. There being nothing to detain us, we started on our journey. We continued to burrow through the lava tunnel as before. It was impossi- ble to make out through what soil we were making way. The tunnel, moreover, instead of going down into the bowels of the earth, became absolutely hori- zontal. I even thought, after some examination, that we were actually tending upwards. About ten o'clock in the day this state of things became so clear, that finding the change very fatiguing I was obliged to slacken my pace and finally to come to a halt. "Well," said the Professor quickly, "what is the matter?" "The fact is, I am dreadfully tired," was my earnest reply. "What," cried my uncle, "tired after a three hours' walk, and by so easy a road ?" "Easy enough, I dare say, but very fatiguing." "But how can that be, when all we have to do is to go downwards." "I beg your pardon, sir. For some time I have noticed that we are going upwards." "Upwards," cried my uncle, shrugging his shoulders, "how can that be?" "There can be no doubt about it. For the last half hour the slopes have been upward--and if we go on in this way much longer we shall find ourselves back in Iceland." My uncle shook his head with the air of a man who does not want to be convinced. I tried to con- tinue the conversation. He would not answer me, but once more gave the signal of departure. His silence I thought was only caused by concentrated ill-temper. However this might be, I once more took up my load, and resolutely followed Hans, who was now in advance of my uncle. I did not like to be beaten or even distanced. The very idea of being left behind, lost in that terrible labyrinth, made me- shiver as with the ague. Besides, if the ascending path was more arduous and painful to clamber, I had one source of secret consolation and delight. It was to all appearance taking us back to the surface of the earth. That in itself was hopeful. Every step I took confirmed me in my belief, and I began already to build castles in the air in relation to my marriage with my pretty little cousin. About twelve o'clock there was a great and sudden change in the aspect of the rocky sides of the gal- lery. I first noticed it from the diminution of the rays of light which cast back the reflection of the lamp. From being coated with shining and re- splendent lava, it became living rock. The sides were sloping walls, which sometimes became almost vertical. We were now in what the geological pro- fessors call a state of transition, in the period of Silurian rocks. "I can see, clearly now," I cried; "the sediment from the waters which once covered the whole earth, formed during the second period of its existence, these schists and these calcareous rocks. We are turning our backs on the granite rocks." I might just as well have kept my observations to myself. My geological enthusiasm got the better of my cooler judgment, however, and Professor Ilardwigg heard my observations. "What is the matter now?" he said, in a tone of great gravity. "Well," cried I, "do you not see these different layers of calcareous rocks and the first indication of slate strata ?" "Well; what then?" "We have arrived at that period of the world's existence when the first plants and the first animals made their appearance." "You think so?" "Yes, look; examine and judge for yourself." I induced the Professor with some difficulty to cast the light of his lamp on the sides of the long wind- ing gallery. I expected some exclamation to burst from his lips. I was very much mistaken. The worthy Professor never spoke a word. It was impossible to say whether he understood me or not. Perhaps it was possible that in his pride --my uncle and a learned professor--he did not like to own that he was wrong in having chosen the eastern tunnel, or was he determined at any price to go to the end of it? It was quite evident we had left the region of lava, and that the road by which we were going could not take us back to the great crater of Mount Sneffels. "At all events, if I am right," I thought to myself, "I must certainly find some remains of primitive plants, and it will be absolutely necessary to give way to such indubita- ble evidence! Let us have a good search." I accordingly lost 110 opportunity of searching, and had not gone more than about a hundred yards, when the evidence I sought for cropped up in the most incontestable manner before my eyes. It was, quite natural that I should expect to find these signs, for during the Silurian period the seas contained no fewer than fifteen hundred different animal and veg- etable species. My feet so long accustomed to the hard and arid lava soil, suddenly found themselves treading on a kind of soft dust, the remains of plants and shells. Upon the walls themselves I could clearly make out the outline, as plain as a sun picture, of the fucus and the lycopods. The worthy and excellent Professor Hardwigg could not, of course, make any mistake about the matter; but I believe he deliberately closed his eyes, as he con- tinued on his way with a firm and unalterable step. I began to think he was carrying his obstinacy a great deal too far. I could no longer act with prudence or composure. I stooped on a sudden and picked up an almost perfect shell, which had un- doubtedly belonged to some animal\very much re- sembling some of the present day. Having .secured the prize, I followed in the wake of my uncle. "Do you see this?" I said. 