A TRIP TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH 201 thanked my uncle by clasping his hands. My heart was too full to speak. "Yes," said he, "one mouthful of water, the very last--do you hear, my boy--the very last! I have guarded it at the bottom of my bottle as the apple of my eye. Twenty times, a hundred times, I have resisted the fearful desire to drink it. But--no-- no, Harry, I saved it for you." "My dear uncle," I exclaimed, and the big tears rolled down my hot and feverish cheeks. "Yes, my poor boy, I knew that when you reached this place, this cross road in the earth, you would fall down half dead, and I saved my last drop of water in order to restore you." "Thanks," I cried; "thanks from my heart." As little as my thirst was really quenched, I had nevertheless partially recovered my strength. The contracted muscles of my throat relaxed--and the inflammation of my lips in some measure subsided. At all events, I was able to speak. "Well," I said, "there can be no doubt now as to what we have to do. Water has utterly failed us; our journey is therefore at an end. Let us return." While I spoke thus, my uncle evidently avoided my face: he held down his head; his eyes were turned in every possible direction but the right one. "Yes," I continued, getting excited by my own words, "we must go back to Sneffels. May heaven give us strength to enable us once more to revisit the light of day. Would that we now stood on the summit of the crater." "Go back," said my uncle speaking to himself-- "and must it be so?" "Go back--yes, and without losing a single mo- ment," I vehemently cried. For some moments there was silence under that dark and gloomy vault. "So, my dear Harry," said the Professor in a very singular tone of voice, "those few drops of water have not sufficed to restore your energy and courage." "Courage!" I cried. "I see that you are quite as downcast as before-- and still give way to discouragement and despair." What, then, was the man made of, and what other projects were entering his fertile and audacious brain! "You are not discouraged, sir?" "What! give up just as we are on the verge of success." he cried, "never, never shall it be said that Professor Hardwigg retreated." "Then we must make up our minds to perish," I cried with a helpless sigh. "No, Harry, my boy, certainly not. Go, leave me, I am very far from desiring your death. Take Hans with you, I will go on alone." "You ask us to leave you ?" "Leave me, I say. I have undertaken this danger- ous and perilous adventure. I will carry it to the end--or--I will never return to the surface of Mother Earth. Go--Harry--once more I say to you f--go!" My uncle as he spoke was terribly excited. His voice, which before had been tender, almost woman- ly, became harsh and menacing. He appeared to be struggling with desperate energy against the im- possible. I did not wish to abandon him at the bot- tom of that abyss, while, on the other hand, the in- stinct of preservation told me to fly. Meanwhile, our guide was looking on with pro- found calmness and indifference. He appeared to be an unconcerned party, and yet he perfectly well knew what was going on between us. Our gestures sufficiently indicated the different roads each wished to follow--and which each tried to influence the other to undertake. But Hans appeared not to take the slightest interest in what was really a question of life and death for us all, but waited quite ready to obey the signal which should say go aloft, or to resume his desperate journey to the interior of the earth. How I wished then with all my heart and soul that I could make him understand my words. My repre- sentations, my sighs and groans, the earnest accents in which I should have spoken would have convinced that cold hard nature. Those fearful dangers and perils of which the stolid guide had no idea, I would have pointed them out to him--I would, as it were, have made him see and feel. Between us, we might have convinced the obstinate Professor. If the worst had come to the worst, we could have compel- led him to return to the summit of Sneffels. I ap- proached Hans. I caught his hand in mine. He never moved a muscle. I indicated to him the road to the top of the crater. , He remained motionless. My panting form, my haggard countenance, must have indicated the extent of my sufferings. The Icelander gently shook his head and pointed to my uncle. "Master " he said. "The master!" I cried, beside myself with fury-- "madman! no--I tell you he is not the master of our lives; we must fly! we must drag him with us! do you hear me? Do you understand me, I say?" I have already explained that I held Hans by the arm. I tried to make him rise from his seat. I struggled with him and tried to force him away. My uncle now interposed. "My good Harry, be calm," he said. "You will obtain nothing from my devoted follower; therefore, listen to what I have to say." I folded my arms, as well as I could, and looked my uncle in the face. "This wretched want of. water," he said, "is the sole obstacle to the success of my project. In the entire gallery, composed of lava, schist, and coal, it is true we found not one liquid molecule. It is quite possible that we may be more fortunate in the western tunnel." My sole reply was to shake my head with an air of incredulity. "Listen to me to the end," said the Professor in his well known lecturing voice. "While you lay yon- der without , life or nation, I undertook a recon- noitering journey into the conformation of this other gallery. I have discovered that it goes direct- ly downwards into the bowels of the earth, and in a few hours will take us to the old granitic formation. In this we shall undoubtedly find innumerable springs. The nature of the rock makes this a mathe- matical certainty, and instinct agrees with logic to say that it is so. Now, this is the serious proposi- tion which I have to make to you. When Christo- pher Columbus asked of his men three days to dis- cover the land of promise, his. men ill, terrified, and hopeless, yet gave him three days--and the New World . was discovered. Now I, the Christopher Columbus of this subterranean region, only ask of you one more day. If, when that time is expired, I 