THE RUNAWAY SKYSCRAPER 263 Arthur heard a faint tinkle, then a musical scrap- ing, which became louder. A faint scream sounded, then another. The tinkle developed into the sound made by breaking glass, and the scraping sound became that of the broken fragments as they rubbed against the sides of the tower in their fall. The scream came again. It was the frightened cry of a woman. A soft body struck the earth not ten feet from where Arthur stood, then another, and another. Arthur and Estelle in Conference Again ARTHUR urged the elevator boy to greater speed. They were speeding up the shaft as rapidly as possible, but it was not fast enough. When they at last reached the height at which the excitement seemed to be centered, the car stopped with a jerk and Arthur dashed down the hall. Half a dozen frightened stenographers stood there, huddled together. "What's the matter?" Arthur demanded. Men were running from the other floors to see what the trouble was. "The--the windows broke, and--and something flew in at us!" one of them gasped. There was a crash inside the nearest office and the women screamed again. Arthur drew a revolver from his pocket and ad- vanced to the door. He quickly threw it open, en- tered, and closed it behind him. Those left out in the hall waited tensely. There was no sound. The women began to look even more frightened. The men shuffled their feet uneasily, and looked uncomfortably at one another. Van Deventer appeared on the scene, puffing a little from his haste. The door opened again and Arthur came out. He was carrying something in his hands. He had put his revolver aside and looked somewhat foolish but very much delighted. "The food question is settled," he said happily. "Look!" He held out the object he carried. It was a bird, apparently a pigeon of some sort. It seemed to have been stunned, but as Arthur held it out it stirred, then struggled, and in a moment was flap- ping wildly in an attempt to escape. "It's a wood-pigeon," said Arthur. "They must fly after dark sometimes. A big flock of them ran afoul of the tower and were dazed by the lights. They've broken a lot of windows, I dare say, but a great many of them ran into the stonework and were stunned. I was outside the tower, and when I came in they were dropping to the ground by hun- dreds. I didn't know what they were then, but if we wait twenty minutes or so I think we can go out and gather up our supper and breakfast and several other meals, all at once." Estelle had appeared and now reached out her hands for the bird. "I'll take care of this one," she said. "Wouldn't it be a good idea to see if there aren't some more stunned in the other offices?" In half an hour the electric stbves of the restau- rant were going at their full capacity. Men, cheer- fully excited men now, were bringing in pigeons by armfuls, and other men were skinning them. There was no time to pluck them, though a great many of the women were busily engaged in that occupation. As fast as the birds could be cooked they were served out to the impatient but much cheered cast- aways, and in a little while nearly every person in the place was walking casually about the halls with a roasted, broiled, or fried pigeon in his hands. The ovens were roasting pigeons, the frying-pans were flying them, and the broilers were loaded down with the small but tender birds. The unexpected solution of the most pressing question cheered every one amazingly. Many people were still frightened, but less frightened than be- fore. Worry for their families still oppressed a great many, but the removal of the fear of imme- diate hunger led them to believe that the other problems before them would be solved, too, and in as satisfactory a manner. Arthur had returned to his office with four broiled pigeons in a sheet of wrapping-paper. As he somehow expected, Estelle was waiting there. "Thought I'd bring lunch up," he announced. "Are you hungry?" "Starving!" Estelle replied, and laughed. The whole catastrophe began to become an ad- venture. She bit eagerly into a bird. Arthur began as hungrily on another. For some time neither spoke a word. At last, however, Arthur waved the leg of his second pigeon toward his desk. "Look what we've got here!" he said. Estelle nodded. The stunned pigeon Arthur had first picked up was tied by one foot to a paper- weight. "I thought we might keep him for a souvenir," she suggested. "You seem pretty confident we'll get back, all right," Arthur observed. "It was surely lucky those blessed birds came along. They've heartened up the people wonderfully!" "Oh, I knew you'd manage somehow!" said Es- telle confidently. "I manage?" Arthur repeated, smiling. "What have I done?" "Why, you've done everything," affirmed Estelle stoutly. "You've told the people what to do from the very first, and you're going to get us back." Arthur grinned, /then suddenly his face grew a little more serious. "I wish I were as sure as you are," he said. "I think we'll be all right, though, sooner or later." "I'm sure of it," Estelle declared with conviction. "Why, you--" "Why I?" asked Arthur again. He bent for- ward in his chair and fixed his eyes on Estelle's. She looked up, met his gaze and stammered: "You--you do things," she finished lamely. "I'm tempted to do something now," Arthur said. "Look here, Miss Woodward, you've been foi my em- ploy for three or four months. In all that time I've never had anything but the most impersonal comments from you. Why the sudden change?" The twinkle in his eyes robbed his words of any impertinence. "Why, I really--I really suppose I never noticed you before," said Estelle. "Please notice me hereafter," said Arthur. "I have been noticing you. I've been doing practically nothing else." Estelle flushed again. She tried to meet Arthur's 