A TRIP TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH 205 ing every now and then sharp turns, in fact it had all the appearance of a labyrinth. Its direction, however, was in general towards the southwest. My uncle made several pauses in order to consult his compass. The gallery now began to trend down- wards in a horizontal direction, with about two inches of fall in every furlong. The murmuring stream flowed quietly at our feet. I could not but compare it to some familiar spirit, guiding us through the earth, and I dabbled my fingers in its tepid -water, which sang like a naiad as we pro- gressed. My good humor began to assume a myth- ological character. As for my uncle he began to complain of the horizontal character of the road. His route he found began to be indefinitely prolonged, instead of "sliding down the celestial ray," according to his expression. But we had no choice; and as long as our road led towards the center--however little progress we made, there was no reason to complain. Moreover, from time to time the slopes were much greater; the naiad sang more loudly, and we began to dip downwards in earnest. I felt no further painful sen- sation. I had not yet recovered from the excitement of the.discovery of water. That day and the next we did a considerable amount of horizontal, and relatively very little ver- tical, traveling. On Friday evening, the tenth of July, according to our estimation, we ought to have been thirty leagues to the southeast of Reykjawik, and about two leagues and a half deep. We now re- ceived a rather startling surprise. Under our feet there opened a horrible well. My uncle was so delighted that he actually clapped his hands--as he saw how steep and sharp was the de- scent. "Ah, ah!" he cried, in rapturous delight; "this will take us a long way. Look at the projec- tions of the rock. Hah!" he exclaimed, "it's a fear- ful staircase!" Hans, however, who in all our troubles had neves, given up the ropes, took care so to dispose of th^m* as to prevent any accidents. Our descent then^e- gan. I dare not call it a perilous descent, fpr I was already too familiar with that sort of work to lookx upon it as anything but a very ordinary affair. This well was a kind of narrow opening in the massive granite of the kind known as a fissure. The con- traction of the terrestrial scaffolding, when it sud- denly cooled, had been evidently the cause. If it had ever served in former times as a kind of fun- nel through which passed the eruptive masses vom- ited by Sneffels, I was at a loss to explain how it showed no mark. We were, in fact, descending a spiral, something like those winding staircases in use in modern houses. We were compelled every quarter of an hour or thereabouts to sit down in order to rest our legs. Our calves ached. We then seated ourselves on some projecting rock with our legs hanging over, and gossiped while we ate a mouthful--drinking still from the pleasantly warm running stream which had not deserted us. It is scarcely necessary to say, that in this curi- ously shaped fissure the Hans-ba.ch had become a cascade to the detriment of its size. But it was still sufficient, and more than sufficient, for our wants. Besides we knew that, as soon as the declivity ceased to be so abrupt, the stream must resume itr» peaceful course. At this moment it reminded me of my uncle, his impatience and rage, while when it flowed more peacefully, I pictured to myself the placidity of the Icelandic guide. During the whole of two days, the sixth and seventh of July, we followed the extraordinary spiral staircase of the fissure, penetrating two leagues farther into the crust of the earth, which placed us five leagues below the level of the sea. On the eighth, however, at twelve o'clock in the day, the fissure suddenly assumed a much more gentle slope still trending in a southeast direction. The road now became comparatively easy, and at the same time dreadfully monotonous. It would have been difficult for matters to have turned out other- wise. Our peculiar journey had no chance of being diversified by landscape and scenery. At all events, such was then my idea. At length, on Wednesday the fifteenth, we were actually seven leagues (twenty-one miles) below the surface of the earth, and fifty leagues distant from the mountain of Sneffels. Though, if the truth be told, we were very tired, our health had resisted all suffering, and was most satisfactory. Our traveler's box of medicaments had not even been opened. My uncle was careful to note every hour the indica- tions of the compass, of the manometer, and of the thermometer, all of which he afterwards published in his elaborate philosophical and scientific account of our remarkable voyage. He was therefore able to give an exact relation of the situation. Therefore, when he informed me that we were fifty leagues in a horizontal direction distant from our starting- point, I couldn't suppress a loud exclamation. "What is the matter now?" cried my uncle. "Nothing very important, only an idea has en- tered my head," was my reply. "Well out with it, my boy." "It is my opinion that if your calculations are correct we are no longer under Iceland." "Do you think so?" "We can very easily find out," I replied, pulling out the map and compasses. "You see," I said, after careful measurement, "that' I am not mistaken. We are far beyond Cape Portland; and those fifty leagues to the southeast will take us into the open sea." "Under the open sea," cried my uncle, rubbing his hands with a delighted air. "Yes," I cried, "no doubt the old ocean flows over our heads." "Well, my dear boy, what can be more natural. Do you not know that in the neighborhood of New- castle there are coal mines which have been worked far out under the sea?" Now my worthy uncle, the Professor, no doubt regarded this discovery as a simple fact, but to me the idea was by no means a pleasant one. And yet when one came to think the matter over seriously, what mattered it whether the plains and mountains of Iceland were suspended over our devoted heads, or the mighty billows of the Atlantic Ocean? The whole question rested on the solidity of the granite roof above us. However, I soon got used to the idea, for the passage, now level, now running down, and still always to the southeast, kept going deeper 