Tell Your Troubles to the Trouble Doctor 59 Sign some initial or identifying name --your own is not necessary--and then watch the next three or four numbers of this magazine. The Trouble Doctor will have his answer printed right under your question. QUESTION--I am sixteen years of age and am dearly in love with a young man, nineteen, who says he loves me in return, but wants to go away to get education or learn a trade. And I am awfully afraid if he goes he won't come back. Would I be doing wrong in trying to keep him here? Tedy, Galveston. ANSWER--The difference between selfish and unselfish love is this-- when you love another selfishly you are thinking of yourself first; and when you think first of the wel- fare of another, your love is un- selfish. Now, if you persuade a young man to give up his plans for the future, if you hamper his ambitions, it looks as though you are thinking of yourself first. And as for his feeling toward you changing while he is away --why, he could change while he is right in the same town as you. Why not take the chance? QUESTION--When I was sixteen I met a man whom I later learned to love dearly, my first love. He was always declaring his love for me and urging me to marry him when he was free, which I consented to do. But he began drifting away from me, yet always declaring his love for me. I am eighteen years old now, and in order to forget my heartache and bruised pride I married a man who loves me dearly. After my marriage the first man still said he loved me. I am desperately unhappy, as I love this other man, who also is married now. My husband loves me and trusts me so much. But haven't I right to happiness? My heart is just breaking when I hear of this other man, whom I still love but cannot have. What shall I do? Will I ever find happiness with the man I love? Brown Eyes, Calif. ANSWER--You have a right to hap- piness, surely, as has everybody. Yet I can't see that it is your husband who stands in the way of your attaining it. It looks to me as if the obstacle in the way of your contentment is this other man. When you were free he had an opportunity to marry you. Yet he did not take advantage of it. And, no mat- ter what you think, the mere fact that you married another goes to prove that you were not altogether satisfied with this first man. Your marriage was an attempt to forget this first man; well, go on with the effort in that direction. How can you help doubting this other man's declaration of love when it is not reinforced by plans on his part to secure legal freedom for himself and you, too. No, I cannot see where this other man could make you happy. Can't you see that he is playing dog-in-the-manger? QUESTION--I am a girl of nineteen, and I have a very good position; but I want to go to a business college. What would you advise me to do? M. R., Chattanooga, Tenn. ANSWER--There must be in your town a good night school with business courses. Why not keep your position, if you need the money, and go to school nights? You might have to cut out some pleasure to do so, yet you would find it worth while. QUESTION--I am very much in love with a sailor boy, whom I met about six weeks ago. He comes to see me whenever his ship lands. He is twenty-four and I am seven- teen. Do you think my age makes any difference? How can I find out if he loves me in return, and how may I win his love? R. T., Wash. ANSWER--Not so much your age but your attitude makes a difference. It is the natural law for a girl to in- spire a man with a desire to win her, and whenever the girl is the one who wishes to do the winning, she is all too apt to find the man does not rightly value her affection. Now, I would ad- vise you and all girls who feel as you say you do about any man, to just 