52 The Price of a Flop-House Bunk I joined many clubs. Every night I was in a dress suit and attending social affairs. Every week my apartment had a merry party of friends where elaborate meals and costly wines were served. My wardrobe was the envy of the other men who in reality had ample wealth to spend if they so chose. In a daze of attention, flattery, and luxury, I hurtled along, "borrowing" money by the handful each week. The first hundred had grown to thousands, and now I lost the sense of honor in figuring on its return and thought only how much more I could get without detection. To Arlene I told a fairy tale of wealthy relatives in New England. I was just working downtown to learn business matters, the better to handle my vast inheritance when the time came. I got the story around some- how to the men and surmised they be- lieved it because they accepted me so willingly, not knowing it was my good times they were after. In fact, I complimented myself I was an artist of pretense and fully believed myself it was all taken as gospel truth. TREMBLING in my arms at the McNaughton house party, Arlene promised to be my wife. I had won the heights of social prom- inence. Soon as I was married, I figured on putting up some big tale of temporary money stringency and securing a big sum from my wife or her father and thus make good with the concern. Then the old man of the concern died. Three days later a firm of profes- sional auditors came to check up the books to settle the estate. Still deluding myself, I blandly put my note in the safe deposit box of the safe and figured they would pass it as sufficient collateral for the shortage. Just before closing time, a cold-eyed, grim-visaged man laid his hand on my shoulder and I was under arrest. Four years and six months I marched in the lock step, and then was once more a free man. But even worse than be- hind the bars the grind of conscience kept right on. The world was open for me to win my way, but I had destroyed the one thing--character--and hated myself. It was no use. The people did not want a convict. . . . Here I am in a flop joint to-night, and no breakfast to-morrow morning. The boys in my home town are all still there happy, contented, working and being just what they are. Wanting to be what I was not caused all this. Pretense has brought me only the price of a flop-house bunk. Music Hall Artist Dies Almost in Want Those who knew Marie Lloyd, the music hall artist who died recently, assert she earned more money in the course of her career than any other actress, not excluding Sarah Bernhardt. Her market value, so to speak, in the music halls was as high when she died as at any time in her life, and, normally, she earned anywhere from 200 to 500 pounds a week. Her generosity was something fabulous. She gave away hundreds of pounds as other people give away shillings, It is said she kept a long list of pensioners to whom she gave a fixed sum each week, keeping a big bag of silver for that purpose. Arid she died practically penniless. 