30 The Queen of Wheats I had spent my last cent. I had to walk the forty blocks--home. I called it home. When I first came to New York I thought it was wonderful to have money of my own, and a room of my own and a home of my own. But I had been here three months now. I knew what it was to cry my- self to sleep, to wake in the night with my pillow wet with tears, longing for someone--just anyone to speak to. But I went to sleep that night with -- perhaps you'll laugh -- the little crushed paper napkin that he had held in his fingers, beneath my pil- low. When I touched it he was near me. I could almost feel his eyes look- ing deep into mine. All next day I waited tremulously for him. Every time a man with a gray coat passed, my breath came fast. No, he wasn't coming back. Then at seven o'clock he came. He took his place at the same table, while my heart raced madly and I burned a row of wheat cakes. "Jo, will you let me go? Just to- night, Jo?" I whispered. "You'll lose your job, kid, if they ever get onto this!" he growled, but he shoved on the white glove and took the pitcherful of batter from me. "I don't want anything to eat--I just want to look at you," said the man with the brown eves. "I've been thinking of you all day--don't run away, please--your eyes are like gray mist and your hair is like a cloud and your little mouth . . . There--forgive me! If you'll just smile at me, I won't say it again." While I went to get his coffee and wheat cakes, the blood drummed in my ears, all the rattle and crash of china had become like a chorus of beauty. "I've been thinking of you--all day," I said it over and over again in my heart. I punched his ticket and went back to him. I slipped the handkerchief, with its drop of French perfume, out of my bosom, and dropped it carelessly down on the table. "To-morrow's Sunday. May I come to see you, meet your mother, and tell her--" I thought of the black hallway with the gas wheezing faintly and the stairs with the ragged carpet. Oh, the smell of dust and cooking that drifted through those halls! And my own room, dark and airless, with its nar- row white cot . . . "No, no, no!" I whispered. "I'll meet you somewhere." "At the Museum at three?" I answered yes under my breath and left him. IT was not until he was gone that I remembered my handkerchief. That was gone--with him. What did he want of a little girl like me? I was the Queen of Wheats, that's what they called me, Jo and the boys who dished the soup and poured the coffee behind the counters. Queen of Wheats--and he was a . . . gen- tleman. They didn't marry girls like me. I knew enough for that. But just once, just to-morrow--that would be the last time I'd see him . . . unless I let him think that I was different too. I'd have to make him think it. I tended Mrs. Flynn's baby and she gave me a scrap of satin; I sat up until two that morning making a hat, that crushed down over my hair. I prayed that it wouldn't be cold, so that I could turn back the collar of my coat and 