Seed of Hate 55 clothes. Later I hated myself and wept. Auguste never knew. And once or twice during the earlier years on Christmas Eve my Auguste had placed his sabots in the chimney- place like any expectant French child. Surely le pêre Noel would find some- thing in his pack for him. So thought my Auguste. But, no! Le pêre Noel had nothing for little Huns, it seemed --not even a cotton handkerchief or a few bonbons. After that Auguste never bothered about his sabots in the chimney. . . . AND then had come Vestlemann's first visit. It was night. He stole in. Auguste, in bed, had wakened at my cry, crept out, and stood listening in the moonlight. I saw him watching his father, that fat face, those arrogant, nar- row eyes. And he listened to our talk. "Surprised?" Vestlemann had jerred. "Poor welcome for your wandering one!" "Be still, fool!" I had flared. "They'll tear you to pieces! What do you want? Begone!" Then Vestlemann had whined: "You won't tell them--? Give me to eat. Our little son, what of him?" I saw my Auguste slip back into the dark shadow. And all those years he had been tast- ing the bitter-sweet-- years that had been filling his heart to overflowing. For my Auguste had red blood in his veins--and his little heart was strong. It was near revolt after all these years. Then had come that wonderful day --a year ago. Auguste had been to his quiet retreat near the ruined chateau. And then--Vestlemann had come again. I was alone. He forced himself on me. He talked, vaunted himself, and threatened. I was silent. "Here am I, and here I stay!" he had announced. "Now bring out that ugly boy. His father will look at him." "Auguste, he isn't here," I had an- swered. "Begone, you, before I call the people to hang you from a tree!" Oh, I weighed my words with hatred! And then came my Auguste into the cottage. "Who is it, this man?" he had de- manded of me. "Vestlemann!" I hissed. He turned. . "Our little son, is it?" He took Auguste's hand and looked searchingly into his face, then cast a narrow eye over his well-knit figure. "Why do you come here?" my Auguste demanded, moving over to my side. How my heart fluttered with pride! "We don't want you," continued my Auguste. "Be still," I commanded, for I feared the man. But my eyes filled with tears as the boy stood defiantly between me and Vestlemann. "Be still, yes!" the man shouted. Then he got to his feet and moved, fat, loose and ugly like a toad, across the room. "Back!" I cried. "Come, be again my friend," he whined. "Go away!" threatened Auguste. The man's face became purple as the boy stood defiantly in front of him. "You -- you -- boy!" [h]e choked. "Bring a drink for your father, or-- or--!" Auguste did not move, except that his breath came quicker. "The cognac--there--on the shelf," 