Big and Brave as a Herring 15 But for a pile of old papers and a rusty lantern, it was empty, and I scrambled, into it, crouching down upon my knees. To this day, I can sense the musty odor of tar and old wood, just as it came to me that morning so many years ago, as I lay in the ship's locker. I had hardly more than settled my- self, when I heard a great hullabaloo of shouting and laughter both from the deck and from the wharf; then the grat- ing of the gangplank, the creaking of the hawsers, and the vessel quivered be- neath me. We were off! My plan had been to make my pres- ence known only after we were well under way, and this, as a matter of fact, was what happened, but not at all in the way I intended. After the sleepless night just passed, it needed only the darkness of the locker and the scantiness of air which filtered through a crack in the lid, to send me off to sleep almost at once. I don't know how long I lay there. The next thing I was conscious of was a chorus of raucous voices, then a hand upon the locker's lid. In another minute I was hauled out, blinking and bewildered, upon the floor. A ROUGHER-LOOKING group of men than those surrounding me, I never saw in my life, though, it may be, they were not different from the common run of seamen of that day. One of them grasped me by the shoul- der and held me up in the streak of sunlight for the rest to view. What with the lampblack with which I had be- smirched my face and the added mask of dust and cobwebs from the locker, I must have presented a sorry enough appearance. "By the Lord!" cried the seaman who held me. "If it ain't a stowaway!" " 'Bout, as big and brave as a herring, he be." guffawed another. I wrenched myself free and faced the group. "Take me to Captain Perry at once," I commanded. But no one moved. "And who might he be, me hearty?" jeered a man who wore a black patch crookedly across one eye. He spoke with a peculiar drawl and his name, I afterward learned, was Ben Cloaker. "He's the captain of this ship," I cried hotly, "as you'll learn to your sor- row if you attempt to annoy me." At that the whole crowd burst into a hoarse shout of laughter, and someone, with rough jocularity, thumped me on the back with such a blow that I stag- gered and caught at the nearest bunk for support. Then, all at once, I be- came both angry and frightened, and, as the taunting faces drew in about me, I struck out wildly with both fists. The next thing I knew, something heavy--a sea bool, I afterward learned --came hurtling through the air. I dodged it. A hand shot out and caught me under the chin with a force that turned me dizzy. Then a strong arm lifted me clear off my feet and held me, kicking and struggling, out of harm's way. "Lay off there, you dirty swabs!" roared a voice. "Do you want to kill the lad?" They fell back a little, some mutter- ing, some guffawing at the picture of a slight, wriggling figure held aloft in the big man's grasp. "Put me down!" I screamed. "I'm going to find Captain Perry this in- stant." 