My Road to the Stars 73 "I meant what I said--you're wel- come around this studio to anything I don't want." And she laughed rudely. "But I'm not yet ready to step out of the place the chief has made for me. So fade out of his line of vision, or I'll break you!" I was glad to shut the door of my dressing room, but I could not shut out the memory of Gloria Mundi's face as she had threatened to break me if I interfered with her ambitions. I had no wish to do so. Bryam Hogan, forty, and coarse-grained, did not appeal to me. He was the only person on the place--except Mundi--whom I could not regard in a friendly fashion. I had learned to accept Peter Gunning's short phrases as indicative of his absorption in his work. I had learned to steer Tim Foley from sentimental vaporings which he somehow thought went with the game. I had come to offer an ear into which Roger Gordon could pour a stream of discontent without really tak- ing it in. I tried to be nice to the cam- era men, to the electricians, to the work- men about the place, and I felt that they liked me, for they always greeted me with a nod, and they never grum- bled at being ordered to rebuild one of my sets--though I had heard them swear at being asked to make over a room or a garden for Gloria Mundi. I even got on with Eddie Rolfe, with all his temperament. But there was a look in Bryam Hogan's eyes which disturbed me, and I was very careful to avoid more than the briefest exchange of greetings with him. ALTHOUGH I knew the next morn- ing that they were wheeling Ted into the operating room at eleven o'clock, I got myself up in my khaki skirt, laced my long boots, smeared a little dirt on one cheek, and went up- stairs to play a silly scene with Roger Gordon. I was nervous and showed it, but Gunning was very patient with me, and when we laid off at noon, he linked his arm through mine and we went down- stairs together. He led me along the other corridor to his office and he pushed me gently into his armchair before he lifted the receiver from the hook. "Let's hear the news," he said. He avoided looking at me, for which I was very grateful, for I felt I had grown white even under the thick coating of the slightly yellowish powder I used for make-up. It seemed an eternity before he got the hospital, asked for Ted's special nurse. I leaned close, hoping to overhear. It was good news: the operation had been successful, and Ted was resting as comfortably as they could expect. I collapsed. The strain had been too great, and now that it was easing, I gave way to my emotions and burst into tears. Gunning stretched out a hand and clasped mine, and I let my head rest on his shoulder, with no thought except that he understood my breaking down. But there were others who could not see how natural it was for him to com- fort me, and suddenly I heard a voice boom out. "What do you mean by this, Gun- ning? Why have you two left a set and come down here together!" From over Gunning's shoulder, I glimpsed Hogan in the doorway, his face twisted in an angry scowl. Gunning put me from him gently, and said in a curiously quiet voice: 