60 Tell Your Troubles to the Trouble Doctor make yourself forget about the man in question. Don't say you can't; just make use of your pride, and let the man feel that you are the one to be won-- he'll like you all the better if this is so. That doesn't mean that you have to be proud and stiff. It means it is the girl's place to learn how to be attractive, and wait for the man to make it quite clear that he is attracted. QUESTION--I am a girl nineteen years of age. My mother died when I was twelve years old, so I have just been knocked from pillar to post ever since, with no one to care for me. But three years ago I met a wealthy young fellow, four years my senior, and fell in love with him. I am not happy, although he gives me everything a girl could wish for and is very good to me. He has promised to marry me several times, but when the time comes he never mentions it, and it seems that I can't stand it any longer this way. But I don't want to give him up. So please tell me what to do, for I am so very distressed. Unhappy. ANSWER--Learn how to support yourself. In doing so you will come in contact with other people, and the chances are that in time this man will seem less necessary to you. As it is, it looks as if you are mortgaging your future for the sake of a doubtful present happiness. You are so young that you should have all sorts of possibilities if you work now to make your future what you want. If you can bring yourself to break with this man, it will be for the best. And sometimes a man will marry a girl who comes from a different sta- tion of life, if it's a question of mar- riage or losing her. That had better be your attitude, anyhow. QUESTION--I am a girl seventeen years old. There is a boy whom I care for very much. I went with him for a whole year, and now we do not go together--the reason I do not know. He still talks to me and dances with me. There is another boy I like also, and I think he cares for me. But I don't seem to get around him In the right way. I have been in his company also, but at times he seems to be jealous and likes to say smart things, and then he'll come up to me and say. "Are you mad?" Which do you advise me to go with? The second boy likes to be coaxed and petted; we have had two quarrels. The first time I made up and the last time he made up. Should I keep up his friendship? Jakaline. ANSWER--Don't take this boy-and- girl "going-with" so seriously. You are at the age where you ought to be going out with any boy of whom your parents approve. Don't allow any of them to be serious with you--yet; you are too young. Be friends, by all means, with both; but not sentimental with either. Keep at the back of your mind the image of the man you'll fall in love with really, by and by, when you are older. Save your sentiment for that time. Let the others like you-- but keep them at arm's length. Let them do the guessing. QUESTION--I am a young girl, seven- teen years, and am very much in love with a young man of twenty. I have one more year of high school. He says he loves me, but I am in doubt. How am I to know whether he means what he says? He tells everyone about me and calls me his girl. I go with other boys; they also tell me how much they think of me, and invite me to go places: but I always refuse, as I feel that I ought not to when this young man thinks so much of me. How can you tell whether a young man really cares for you? Jack's Girl. ANSWER--When you are engaged to a man, and see him planning his future so as to be able to take care of a wife and family, you can know then he really loves you. Your Jack prob- ably means what he says, but you are both too young to know your own minds yet. Maybe you ought to go out with other boys; you are the right age to be learning what they are like. Don't tie yourself down yet. Just be good friends with them all. 