Uncle Oscar's House Party The Tale of an Amateur Siren She saw other girls drinking and "necking"; she thought she would forget her strict New England upbringing and try their game. So she did, but it seems to take more than mere willingness to make a "vamp." I LIVED in one of those little New England towns where anything odd in manners, speech or dress was considered actually wicked. Ground-grippers, indescribably fussy- looking hats, untailored tailored suits prevailed. And if one departed from such attire even slightly--well, there was the deuce to pay. I remember when I wore my first pair of gray spats. I was walking down Main Street, and whom should I bump into but Grandmother--funny little old Grandmother who still wore a small bustle, stiff rustling silk skirts, and a wee flowered hat perched high up on her head. Grandmother gave me a horrified look and sailed by me with her chin in the air, like a ship in full rigging. Later when I went to have tea with her she berated me soundly. "Never, never wear those shameful things again!" she expostulated. "How could I speak to you on the street when you wore spats--spats!" she wailed. "Why child, you looked like a bad girl!" I whistled in irritation. Grandmother shook a shriveled fore- finger in my direction. "Anna-Lee," she said reproachfully, "a whistling girl and a crowing hen . . ." It was from repression of this sort that I acquired a veritable passion for clothes. Occasionally Mother and I went to New York for a few days. We stayed at an hotel for women and took in the nice shows--Peter Grim, Daddy-Long- legs, Poor Little Rich Girl. But most of all I enjoyed our walks down Fifth Avenue at tea time--the shops, the beautiful women, and the dapper young men. How I envied the women their cosmetics and perfumes and furs. Then one day we lunched at the Waldorf--an especial treat. It was here, in the ladies' parlor, that I met Anabel. I was looking wistfully into the show- case at the little round boxes of rouge and powder; at the varicolored bottles of scents, all labeled from Paris. Ana- bel stood beside me and before I knew how it happened I was talking with her. The next day we lunched together and our friendship, such as it was, be- came cemented. After that she visited me about twice a year. It meant a rest for Anabel and a fashion-show for me. Mother shook her head dubiously and although she did not actually for- bid our companionship she never al- lowed me to visit Anabel. And as for 21 