The Highest Law 11 her into their room, locking the door between. It was all done so quickly she hardly knew what was happening to her; but Pete took a bottle of whisky out of his pocket, and with her struggling and trying to break away, he forced a lot of it down her throat. She heard voices down the hall, but their owners didn't come near. Dizzy, more than half drunk with the stuff she'd been compelled to drink, she had to put on her coat and hat, and then the men, half dragged, half carried her out of the room, making her walk down the corridor with Pete's hand over her mouth. But before she reached the stairs she fainted . . . and didn't know anything more until she woke up in the cot there beside me. And now no one would believe her story, or even listen to her, for that matter. I DID a lot of thinking, after she stopped speaking. I knew what had happened, just as though Pete himself had told me all about it. He and that rat Skinny, had gone to Canfield's room to rob him, and Canfield must have caught them before they got away with the swag. There'd been a fight and Pete had abducted the little bride because she'd seen the murder, and he wanted her outa the way until he and Sknny could beat it. He knew she'd be safe for at least ten days in the psychopathic ward of the hopsital, so he'd called her his wife and had her shut up for a crazy woman. With that poor kid lying there sob- bing right by me, I most hated Pete for what he'd done. Yet he was my man, I loved him. I didn't know what to do. And everything she said made every- one around her, but me, think she was insane. At last I told her not to say a word to anyone else and that when I got out-- which I knew I would in a day or so when my man learned where I was--I'd go to her Harry and have him come and get her. That quieted her some, though she said one thing more that made me shiver. "If they find the dead man in our room and Harry there, what will they do to Harry?" "He can prove he's innocent," I said trying to comfort her. "And they can't do a thing to an innocent man!" She went to sleep at last, but I lay there awake and heard the clock strike twelve, then one, and two, and three, and four, no nearer to a decision what to do than when she first told me the story. There was a gray light coming in through the barred windows before I went to sleep, and it didn't seem as if I'd dozed ten minutes when I felt the nurse shaking me and telling me to drink the slush she called coffee. It was in a tin cup, and there was sugar left around the rim of it, where it hadn't been washed off. But she made me swallow it, just the same, and eat the hunk of bread she brought with it. I finally managed it, and washed my face in the water she fetched in the tin basin. But the yellow soap sticking in the bottom of the pan hurt my eyes and made my face burn. After that, the nurse almost pulled me out of bed and told me I was wanted in the ante- room. I knew I was going to leave then, so I told Mrs. Wallace not to worry, that 