The Queen of Wheats 35 he said. "And you're not going to say a word." I found myself following him into a hotel dining room, to a little table in the corner; we were all alone. I drank orange juice and ate oatmeal and cream and coffee. I felt strength begin to steal back into my body. "Rosamond," he said earnestly, "'just, for to-day--this one day, will you come with me?" I would have gone with him to the ends of the world, starved with him, died with him. He must have read it in my eyes. I gave myself into his hands. To the station, in a train, and then I was standing beside him on an icy plat- form, and he was speaking to me. "I'm going to take you to meet my mother." "Must you--must I--" He almost lifted me into a sleigh that stood by the road, and only when he had tucked the robe about me and I heard the high, tinkling notes of sleigh bells, did I understand. All the rest had been a dream, our breakfast together, our: trip on the cindery, red- velvet seat of the train. Now I was going to see his mother. That would be the end. I would read it in her eyes: "A pretty, common little thing ... !" He was holding both my hands in his. The sleigh stopped with a last peal of bells, and I stepped out stiffly. We were before a white house on the very side of the road, where a bent apple tree covered with feathers of snow, and the windowpanes glistening like isinglass in the frost, looked like a Christmas card. He put his arm about me, pounded on the door, and I stood there, breath- less, agonized, praying that his mother would not answer. . . . Then I was smiling up into the round, apple-cheeked face of a little old woman, with white hair brushed back into a wisp and two fat little hands on her broad, comfortable woolen dress. "If it ain't Jim and his girl!" She put both her arms about me and kissed me. JIM drew me into the room with a shining Franklin stove and the rag rugs and the carved organ in the corner. He put both his arms on my shoul- ders. "Now, little, lovely thing, you see my mother. Can you step down to marry me, just a plain farmer's boy who's gone to the city to make his way?" "Is it true, Jim?" I whispered. "But the case for your cigarettes with the diamonds, and the big limousine?" Jim colored dark red. "They gave it to me, the case, my boys, after the war. And the limousine --why, a chauffeur just picked me up. I fooled you--but I had to have you. I was afraid you wouldn't marry me, if you knew--" "But would you marry me if you knew--that my name is just Maisie Smith? That I spent seventeen years on a farm--on a much poorer farm than this--and that's all there is to know?" The tears were running over my cheeks. Jim pulled out his big fresh handkerchief and wiped my eyes. Then he kissed me, first on one wet cheek and then the other. "Thank God," Jim said, "that's all there is to know." 