32 The Queen of Wheats "Have you--?" I faltered. He put his hand into his breast pocket and drew out my handkerchief. I smelled the faint perfume, violets and roses and honey-sweet meadows . . . "To-day you're going to tell me your name. 'R. L. F.'--R's for Rosamond, isn't it? But why did you run away from home?" "I had to," I whispered the lie, not daring to lift shamed lids. "You're used to open fireplaces and flowers and sunlight and ease. They used to bring your breakfast to you on flowered plates with a sprig of sweet geranium on the tray--" I looked straight ahead of me. I smelled the odor of damp floors and yellow soap in the farmhouse I'd called home, until my mother died, six years after Father. I saw the oilcloth-cov- ered tables--smelled the vapor of the oil lamp. "Don't look like that!" he said sud- denly. "I--oh, for God's sake, you little lovely thing, don't think I'm a cad. But I can't ask you to marry me--" I SAT there very still; it was as though he had torn out my heart and flung it down at his feet. It was dim in the cool corridor. Across on her white pedestal a marble goddess looked down on us. Not more cold was her heart than mine was now. "I've got to go back," I tried to say steadily. "But you'll meet me again? Just once, just once more . . . Say you will!" I was weak. His voice drained all my strength away; and the light in his eyes. I looked up at him. Next I knew he was kissing me, fire on my lips; a flame wrapped me round. Then he caught both my wrists and held them tight. I didn't want to leave him--ever-- but I said good-by at the top of the steps and promised that I'd meet him next day. Where it was all going to lead--I didn't know. I only knew I loved. He was a rich man from a different world. . . . Somewhere I'd read a story about a king and a beggar maid. What happened then I'm not quite sure. I was wrapped in a dizzy dream, and as I crossed the street a sudden blinding force hit me; I felt myself whirled into a black chasm. . . . I woke in a white room and I cried out and sat up; I ached so. "There, now, you're all right," a cool voice told me. "Lie down, like a good girl." "Where--" "In the hospital. You had an acci- dent. But you're going to be all right." Little by little, I pieced it together. A motor car had run me down, and I was getting well in the hospital. I had been here three weeks, two weeks, of them my thoughts had been all hazy. I wondered if all the other had been a dream, a sick delirium--the man with the brown eyes and the vel- vet voice. Someone was speaking to me. "Can you tell us now who you are and where you live?" the nurse asked. Tears squeezed from beneath my lids. "I make wheat cakes in the window of a restaurant with the white tiles. I'm just Maisie--Maisie Smith. And my parents are both dead." 