The Love That Kills 63 a disposition that was calm and excep- tionally sweet. To me he was like a god. I was young when I married, only sixteen. My mother and father had died when I was little, and I had small opportunity for schooling. Because of my lack of education I resented my husband's love for books. He was especially fond of Stevenson, Thackeray, James, and would take up something from his library when he would come home from an arduous case, because he said it rested him. And he would want to share them by reading to me some passage that he loved. T hated them, refusing to listen. I was jealous, of those books--they came between us, I thought; so I refused to look at them, resenting the time he spent with them. I had one talent--cooking and keep- ing house. And there grew up between us a kind of warfare. I played my talent against his love for reading, trying to turn him from books, by cooking up delicious things; talking of events of the day. But when I saw angrily that he was not really interested, my jealousy raged. Then I would accuse him of neglect, tormenting myself; refusing to listen when he protested his innocence after such an accusation. Then began our scenes, tearing, nerve-wracking scenes that grew and grew. When he came home I would up- braid him, conjure up imaginary in- dignities that he had heaped upon me. I was jealous of every moment of the day when he was away from me, pictur- ing all sorts of horrors that might come to pass. I had read stories of unfaith- fulness on the part of physicians, and I expected it in my own life. I would go on and on, talking some- times way into the night, only stopping when I saw that his nerves were on edge, that his face was white and tor- tured. Then something in me would be as- suaged, and we would make it up--for that time. With fewer and fewer intervals be- tween, those scenes continued, with re- lentless and bitter persistence. The months went by; my husband's practice increased rapidly. I had a lovely home; he bought me everything I wanted, to make me happy. But he was more and more away from me, with increasing demands upon his time, as was natural. I did not try to understand, I saw only neglect in his absences. He was handsome, of fine physique and charm- ing manner; I knew he was attractive to others, that he must be. And so, when other women would tell me of their regard for him--women whose children he had saved, who had per- haps been saved from death by him-- I would smile, replying to their praise of him with forced words of enthusi- asm, with all the time jealousy tearing at my heart. My mind painted for me lurid pic- tures of his visits with other women, their confidences, the opportunities he had for a more intimate relationship. I began conjuring up all sorts of horrors. A call would come in the night, and I would lie sullenly in bed while he dressed for a journey out into the coun- try, perhaps; imagining the possible scene to which he was going. Another woman--and my husband, caring for her. She could demand his time and at- tention, as though she were his wife. Oh, it was horrible! 