ADVENTURES IN SPACE AND THE WORLD OF TOMORROW Koc0f$k( Missing Page: Inside Front Cover If you own this magazine, and would like to contribute, please email us the image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to: info@pulpmags. org All rights reserved. Reproduction in part or whole expressly forbidden :n any part of the world without written permission from the publishers. ^ All characters and incidents in this story are imaginary, and1 if ony name used be that of a living person such use is due to inadvertence, and is not intended to refer to such person. Contents	No. 23 '"VI Rocketeers at Bay ................ 4 iY-ilr,; by N. K. HEMING Our future—told by a robot. Radia Riddle ........................ 8 by WOLFE HERSCHOLT Try to guess the onswer—die if you don't! Juggernaut of Jago............... 22 by ACE CARTER If the monstrosity could be turned against the monster who invented it . . Madness in Mercury .............. 12 [ i by G. C. BLEECK	“	' 1 For no reason at all, the Mercurians made vicious attacks on Earthmen . . Madness. Spacemen Spoofed ................ 1H by ALAN YATES If the floating box makes you wonder what's cooking, then it's your own goose! ROCKETEERS AT BAY •"THE man in the casket stirred and opened his eyes. Through the dim blue light of the argol lamps he could see the machinery had stopped. For a moment he lay there unmoving, looking through the crys- tal walls of his coffin at surround- ings that were unchanged over countless eons. Outside it was a vacuum, but in the casket the air was sweet and pure. by N. K. Homing The mist had some way of making weapons useless — all weapons? He sent his thought to a copper lever and moved it until there was the sound of air hissing into the little room. He rose then and stood upright, stepped to the ground. For a moment he looked sombrely on the crystal of the time casket before crossing to the chair of thought. As he sat in it a panel in the opposite wall slid open and a pearly eye of light winked out at him. The thoughts of the robot were warm and welcoming as they reached out to him. “You have stopped the machinery, Zandlor,” the man sent on waves of pure thought. “The Master Media have broken their sleep of suspended animation. It is as you thought when you con- structed the time crystal, my master Vaylan,” the robot replied. “They did not die.” PAGE FOUR, THRILLS INCORPORATED < w ..Mollory forwned into the ,, .. screen, "I'll go inside with half- „ .. a-dozen men — if I am not bock within an hour act os you think, best." The man leaned back in the chair and his slender hands rested .lightly on the arms. ‘‘Tell me of the world since our civilisation, Zandlor. Did man also survive?” The pearly eye grew brighter and Vaylan listened to the memories of the robot as it drew them from the great electronic brain it had charge of. Man had descended to savages for long ages, but at last he was building again and had even started to reach for the stars. The planets had been visited and stations built on the Asteroids, the bitter remains of that dangerous world exploded so long ago. He signed then for the brain to stop and let his own thoughts roam over the world, upwards through the tons of rock that covered his underground sanctuary. It was a strange world he saw, and for a mo- ment a painful yearning came for his own civilisation. It must have been uncountable eons ago it had spread across the world on other lands than existed now. Science had proceeded on different lines there. It had been the mysteries of the mind that had been delved into and man had found there things stronger than machines and flying craft. At last had come the time when the eager minds of Earth had reached out to find companionship among the other planets. They had not fcund that companionship, but only an enemy as alien and dangerous as it was powerful. The mental war had waged for centuries, but at last Earth had seen that that other pla- net, spinning on its orbit between Mars and Jupiter, must win unless the last desperate step was taken. It meant their own destruction also, but. for the sake of the new civil- isation that would one day follow, they had had to take it. The great cone of force that was the result of the mental energy of THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE FIVE every man, woman and child upon Earth had struck deep into the heart of the enemy planet. The shock of the following explosion had rolled across the blackness of space and struck at surrounding planets. Even mighty Jupiter recoiled, Mars re- ceived his death blow-*and Earth shifted on her axis. Continents went down, new lands were formed and weakened by the terrible mental force they had exerted and the shock of a planet exploding, men fought to live and descended again to sav- ages as they did so. But Vavlan had suspected that the master Media of exploded Halcon could survive to awake some time in the far future and he had prepared before the great destruction came. Now both were awake again. . . . *	* * QENERAL BRADBURY, Chief of Earth's Interceptor Rockets, looked up from the videograph be- fore him. “You have your orders, Bob,” he said grimly. “Get to Ceres as quickly as your ship can make it. Station ZST-5D23 is in some kind of trouble. They had only managed to get the S.O.S. signals through be- fore they were cut off.” Bob Mallory saluted and swung out of the room. Tn the corridor he paused, wondering just what was going on at the Ceres station. The Interceptor Stations were spread all over the Asteroids, where their crews could pounce inwards or out- - wards of the system after those en- terprising gentlemen who thought other people should make them rich. Of course it was possible that one of the pirates had descended on the station, but they rarely did that as there was little of value for them to lift. He shrugged and went to get his men together for the take-off. *	* * rJ"'HE Starshell hung a couple of miles above Ceres station, offi- cially ZST-5D23. It looked quite all right as far as the men inside the ship could see. The lights were on and the patrol ship itself rested on the launching platform—yet no reply PAGE SIX, THRILLS INCORPORATED came to the ship’s urgent radio en- quiries. “Get the men armed,” Mallory threw over his shoulder to Lt. Lay- son. “I am taking the ship down.” He glanced at his co-pilot briefly. “If anything happens, be ready to take her up again immediately.” Jackson nodded and watched in the screen as the ship dropped down and settled her squat base on the bare, rocky ground of the Asteroid. The sky outside was the eternal black of the vacuum and a short dis- tance away the streamlined build- ings of the station rose starkly, backed by an amazingly near hori- zon. Mallory took his hands off the controls and frowned into the screen. “I'll go inside with half a dozen men. If I am not back within an hour act as you think best.” Jackson nodded briefly. “O.K., sir." He watched the other man draw on the light transparent spacesuit that withstood such enormous pres- sures and go outside to cross the plain with the six volunteers behind him, then disappear inside the door of the station. Mallory paused inside the airlock of the building, gun in hand, then went cautiously forward. One of the station men was visible nearby. He was dead, his face contorted with terrible agony. The men looked white as he straightened up from his examina- tion. “How did he die, sir?” Lt~ Lavton asked hesitantly. Mallory shook his head. “I don’t know. There’s no sign of any sort of wound.” They went further into the build- ing. Three men were found in the corridors, as if they had been try- ing to escape, willing to die in the vacuum outside rather than face the thing that had contorted their faces with such agony. In one of the sleeping compartments a man had been caught off guard and his body was found with the fingers clutch- ing the bunk so hard his nails had dug into the soft plastic. In the central communications room were the other five men of the station. Four of them lay in different atti- tudes on the floor, but the fuch was crumpled up before the radio. Like the first man, nowhere was there any sign of a wound. Mallory looked round grimly, then switched on the radio in his helmet, contacting the ship. “Jackson, you had better send Doc. over,” he or- dered. "There is something here I do not understand.” “Are you all right?” “So far—but everybody else is dead and there is no sign yet of what killed them.” He switched off the radio and took a firm grip on bis blaster. “A couple of you men come with me. The rest stay here. We'11 take a look to see if we can find out anything.” r| HEY left the communications room and made their way warily along the various corridors, looking into every room. Nowhere was there the least sign of anything un- usual—except for the dead men in the ship that rested peacefully on the ramp. Yet the answer was somewhere inside the building. Before they had landed Mallory had made minute examinations of the surrounding ter- ritory—and no ship had landed. Little as he liked it, he was forced to the conclusion that it was some- thing native to the Asteroid that had caused the trouble, and something cold grew inside him. No trouble had ever occurred before on any of the little planetoids—certainly no- thing that involved a weapon like the unknown one that had killed the men of the station and the crew of the ship. And if something of the Asteroid—what could live on a bleak and airless world? They got back to the communica- tions room no better off than when they started- The men left there had experienced no untoward hap- penings, but were obviously glad to have the other half of the party back. The first thing Mallory no- ticed, however, were five little green stones that lay on the station cap- tain's table. “Where did they come from?” he asked. The other men swung round to look at the stones. “I did not put them there,” Lt. Layson answered— none of the others had either. A cold chill ran through the room and Mallory went over to examine the things more closely. They look- ed like ordinary pebbles, but were a dull malevolent green. One of the men shivered. “I ... I can feel something funny, sir.” His glance was fixed on the stones. “They are alive.” ‘"Nonsense,” said Mallory sharply. “How can stones be . . .” He broke off and recoiled. “Get out of this room. Quickly . . .” The outlines of the stones were beginning to waver and smoke off in a heavy green mist, a mist that was rising also from other parts of the room. They backed away, firing desperately at the stuff, but still it came, great clouds of it following them into the corridors. “It’s behind us as well, sir,” Lay- son called out desperately. Mallory swung round and saw a great cloud of the green stuff was converging on them from the rear, and sent the fiery stab of the blaster at it. The hideous thing recoiled, but there was more of it coming up the other corridors. “Get the ship,” he threw over to Layson. “Tell them to bring the heavy stuff. We might just be able to hold out with blasters until then.” Layson complied and then asked. “What is it, sir? Have you ever seen anything like it before?” “No,” the other man replied grim- ly. “But whatever it is, it killed those other men.” He threw them an encouraging smile. “Come on, roc- keteers. We can’t let a bit of gas get the better of us.” One of the blasters went out of action and the green cloud imme- diately converged onto the helpless man. winding itself in writhing ten- tacles around his head. They saw his features contort in surprised agonv, but drove it back from him. ITACKSON heard the hum of the J blasters as he ran out of the ship with his men. all of them arm- ed to the teeth and towing heavier (Continued on page 32) THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE SEVEN RADIA RIDDLE fey Wolfe llerscliolt jyjARTIN" and Brenda Perry were in trouble with the Council for Education. Their son, Willis, had been handed to them from the Incu- bator guaranteed to be of standard AAA—and at the age of four he was rated only as AA. The Council for Education insisted that the loss of mental vitality in Willis was due to the faulty way in which they had nurtured him during his four years in the care of his parents. The Council's decision was that Willis should go to a school for the correction of backwardness in chil- dren. Consequently, the Perrys were in disgrace among their friends, PAU. fclGHT, THRILLS INCORPORATED ] for it was anti-social of them to have neglected their child’s upbringing. Actually they hadn't been remiss at all. What they had done was to read a history of the days of the year 2000, and from it they had learned of the family relationships of old times. From it too, had grown a yearning in the couple to have such a family—a family where there was affection and respect be- tween parents and children. So, at the age of four, Willis Perry was enrolled in a school for the cor- rection of backward children. Also, Martin and Brenda Perry were or- dered to attend a series of lectures on child health. They were remind- ed again that at four years of age a boy should be able to fully grasp the Immaterial Equation. Also, he should be able to apply the equation in his play relationships. Many other things also came from the series of lectures, until the Perry’s realised that in the four years since they had last attended such lectures, much had been chang- ed, and much more was expected from AAA— children. So much more that Brenda gripped Martin’s arm and whispered: “It’s too much, Martin. It’s too much for Willis.” “Don’t talk like that,” whispered her husband anxiously. “If you were overheard I might be dismissed from the Parade.” For the first week Willis didn’t seem to change at all. Tru~, he could answer the questions cor- rectly, but he didn’t seem to under- stand the idea of the Immaterial Equation. Then, about the middle of the second week he had be.en enrolled at the correction school, Willis show- ed an amazing grasp of the idea of matter without material. It was al- most frightening to Brenda and Mar- tin to see their small son closing his eyes, twisting up his forehead in concentration, and then slowly melt- ing out of sight, but talking to them as he did so. But, within two days his face was no longer torn with worry and con- centration as he came to grips with the problem of disappearing into All they had to do teas give the wrong answer to the Radia Quiz • • . and young Willis would be sent to Eternity. THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE NINE immaterial matter, and then mater- ialising again when he was weary of the sport. “Oh, Martin,” Brenda sighed. “Whatever possessed us to yearn for the things that are ancient?” “I think I understand . . Mar- tin said slowly, as if trying to grapple with thoughts 4ie hardly dared think. “I believe it is some- thing deep—something inside a man and a woman—the sort of thing that makes a bird stay with its nest, even when the danger is great. Per- haps—” “You feel an ache somewhere—in the stomach, here?” queried his wife softly. He nodded. There was no need for more words, for that ache made them understand. Martin reached out. his hand and took that of his wife and held it firmly as he whis- pered: “At least we know—at least we understand.” “I think, too, that Willis also un- derstands,” Brenda said quietly. “I think he knows what we are all losing.” But suddenly they were interrupt- ed by an exultant cry of delight from the hall of their apartment. Together they ran out and Willis stopped short and his face became suddenly grave when he saw them. But. just a moment later he was rushing towards them, and his eyes were dancing with a feverish light. “Mother, Father,” he cried eager- ly. “Look! Oh look what I have now!" In his small hand he carried the tiny instrument with ease. On the small metal plate at the top was printed in cold words—Radio Riddle. “No! Not that," Brenda cried, reaching a hand to snatch the thing away from hef son. “That is only for AAAX children, Willis.” “But Mother, I’m AAAX now,” cried the boy excitedly. “I was clas- sified to-day. I knew you’d be proud of me, Mother. And you too, Father. Just watch! Do you know how to play Radia? It’s easy.” “AAAX!” gasped Martin Perrjr, as if he had had a death sentence pass- ed on him. “What if he forgets?” •	He made another attempt to snatch the thing away from the boy, but Willis danced back away from his father and mother and laughed his delight as he suddenly turned a small dial on the tiny black instrument in his hand. In that in- stant he had disappeared from their sight, and the long hall was buzz- ing and hissing with a myriad grouping of glowing dots, around which hissed concentric circles of hissing light. “All you have to do is solve the riddle?” cried Willis’ voice from the nothingness. “Do you see it?” There was still the note of child- ish excitement in the boy’s voice as the man and woman stood there, staring at the patterns being woven by the hissing circles of light. All their energy was being used to con- centrate on those patterns. Some- where in that maze was the key, the symbol which would allow them to solve the riddle. Somewhere, but where? “Oh, but you're slow,” Willis cried at them. “Do hurry. I can't wait to make it harder. Isn't it exciting, Mother?” “Yes, Darling,” Brenda replied, using that strange word she had picked up from her reading. But there was no excitement in her voice—only the dull, fearful weight of terror! And the heavy breathing of her husband seemed to enhance that terror. It was as if their combined efforts were as no- thing before the dancing, hissing circles which wove their fantastic patterns before them. PAGE TEN, THRILLS INCORPORATED "I'll give you a hint,” came Wil- lis’ impatient voice. “What is the Quotient of Immaterial X?” “Of course,” gasped Martin, per- spiration dripping down over his dark glasses from his forehead. “You’re at point K18.” “See!” Willis cried. “It’s just like 1 said. It’s easy. Now I’ll give you a hard one . . “Wait!” Brenda cried desperately. “Didn't they tell you what can hap- pen if ... if you make.a navigation- al error in plotting your course back?” Willis laughed excitedly at that. “Of course they did,” he replied impatiently. “But I know all the major courses by heart, and the others are so easy to solve. Why, all you need is the equation for Im- material Y!” “But are you sure you remem- ber?” asked Brenda anxiously. “Of course! Of course I remember! I’ll show you. This is a hard one,” the boy's voice said quickly as he manipulated the tiny dial on the tiny instrument in his hand. He was gone, gone as he had been gone last time, and the spinning, intersecting lines and arcs of the concentric circles of light seemed to fill the whole hall till the Perry’s were dizzy from trying to watch them. For minutes on end there was sil- ence as the couple concentrated all their efforts on seeing the key to the riddle, but although they twice thought they had found it, there came only an extra shriek of laughter when they called the an- swer. “It's an AAAX riddle!” Willis cried proudly a little later. “No!” shrilled Brenda. “No, Wil- lis!” “We’re only AAA, your mother and I,” Martin Perry tried to ex- plain. “We can’t solve it, Son,” Martin called anxiously. “Come back. It’s too hard for us.” “All right, you two babies,” Willis laughed. “I told you it was hard. Here I come.” There was a pause during which the hissing of spinning lines of light seemed like thunderous noises of generators and decomposers. Then, out of the silence came a tiny voice calling unhappily: “Mother, Mother! I can’t remember the equation for Immaterial Y. I can’t remember!" His voice rose in a wild, shrill scream of terror as he called on Brenda. The room was a dazzling haze of conflicting patterns. A sparkling hiss outlined the man and his wife as they tensed there, seem- ingly suspended in space. “Mother!” shrilled the child’s voice again. “Quickly! Oh quickly. I got it wrong!” “I can’t remember . . sobbed the man, doubling up suddenly as the tension became too much for his nerves. “I can’t remember . . Then, more terrible than all the hissing, sizzling of the spinning circles of light which had inter- woven their patterns in a complex pattern of light and shade, there was silence. Silence just for a few hundredths of a second. It was over suddenly, everything was over. Their life together, their happiness, their hopes for their son, were all finished. They finished on one final, terri- fied scream from the empty air and then Willis Perry had gone. Two sobbing figures lay huddled on the floor of the Perrys’ apartment. Bren- da and Martin Perry had failed to solve the Radia Riddle and their son had failed to remember correctly. A navigational error and Willis Perry had spun into the unknown ether beyond the limits of recall—Gone with a scream into the nothingness where no equations applied. THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE ELEVEN # MADNESS IN MERCURY It teas simply peculiar that the Earthmen and Mer- curians suspected each other of tcar" mongering. Jay Ren- nart had to find out how ‘simply9. PAGE TWELVE, THRILLS INCORPORATED G. C. Blccck TAY RENNARD, Earthman by J birth, Venusian by environ- ment, strode restlessly around the glowing circle that was the Mercury Project, and his brain-child. A mad project, the rulers of the Earth- Venus Confederation regarded it But desperation, and the lack of any other advance to the problem, had caused the Confederation to sanc- tion it and to vote the enormous credits required for its execution. The scene was weird and night- mare-like. Above, a dark sky, but He closed his own lever . . . a blinding fla-sh struck the lower portion of the leading craft squarely in the centre. on the far horizon a white streak of light. The specially constructed spaceship stood in the centre of the circle of light and heat sending forth the light and heat beams that made that tight circle a living oasis in a desert of death and incredible cold- ness on the dark side of Mercury. Already the four jet towers had been erected, creations that looked like giant radio valves, except that from their black bases the jet- nozzle projected; the whole tower operating on a great universal joint to enable the jet to be directed at any angle. Sooner or later those incredibly vicious Mercurians, living on the narrow strip of their planet between the broiling heat on the side facing the sun, and the frigid iciness on the dark side, would learn of the presence of the aliens and attack. Attack they would, without doubt, with that swift ferocity typical of them. But the task Jay Rennard had set himself was not merely to repel such an attack, but to capture a Mercurian—alive! That in itself was a task verging on the impos- sible: and even if he succeeded in that, his real work was only be- ginning. Genesh. the Venusian, and Sec- ond-in-command of the Project, ap- proached Rennard. “The last of the jet-towers has been tested, Ren- nard.'’ He waved his many-jointed arm towards the distant line of bril- liance that was the horizon towards the sun. “We're more than ready for the little beasts.” “The little beasts.” repeated Ren- nard. “That's the whole trouble. Ge- nesh. We think of them as little beasts, they think of us as big beasts. For centuries these sense- less attacks have gone on. They will go on indefinitely, costing tremen- dous energy and wealth and. more important, countless thousands of lives on both sides. Madness! Utter madness!’ “On their side, yes,” conceded Genesh. “We've forced no quarrel on them." “We may have, inadvertently,” said Rennard. “We don't know their point of view, any more than they understand ours. I'm satisfied that once we establish communication with these people our mutual anta- gonism will end. They attack like crazy animals now, but they’re ra- tional beings, differing from us. only in size. They have no knowledge of the Universal Spacelanguage. and no spaceradio apparently, otherwise they would surely have responded to our frequent messages.” “Unprovoked attacks on Venus—" began Genesh. The very presence there of Earth- men and spaceships could be regard- ed by the Mercurians as a provoca- tion. If Earthmen have extended THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE THIRTEEN their frontiers to Venus, then may they not attempt to subjugate Mer- cury? That is their point of view. "This miserable little planet with a strip of habitable country only!” said Genesh. "Now, Venus. lush and rich,” he went on with insular fer- vour, 'is a planet worthy of con- sideration. So too is your own Earth. But Mercury!” M “It's their home planet,” pointed out Rennard. "Once we convince them we have no designs upon :t they should be satisfied to live in peace with us, and to exchange views, to learn more about each other. That was the idea that prompted your own great lingua- scientist. Baresh, to devote a whole lifetime to the perfection of the Linguaprojector, and it was worth a thousand lifetimes. It’s done more than spaceradio itself to weld the galaxy into a single peaceful whole.” “Yes.” admitted Genesh. “But they must be willing to talk into and lis- ten to the machine.” 'THE Linguaprojector was more than a mere machine. Not only did it. translate the bewildering ar- ray of languages of a dozen planets into the Universal tongue—and the reverse also—but it preserved in- flection. and was effective in trans- lating meanings of uncouth ono- matopoetic sounds, so that even those inhabitants of planets low on the evolutionary scale, with only the most rudimentary language, could make themselves reasonably understood. And inside the spacecraft, wait- ing for the Mercurian whom the project hoped to capture, was the Linguaprojector. Waiting, perhaps, for destruction at the hands of the vicious little Mercurians; destruc- tion of the machine and annihilation of the members of the Mercury Pro- ject . . . “I think my idea was better,” said Genesh. "We should have brought a fleet and attacked them, and then tried to reason with them. We may wait here for months. They may never learn of our presence on this desolate spot.” “You don’t slaughter half a popu- lation to reason with the other half, said Rennard. “And they will come. The planet is too small for us to remain here unnoticed for long. Sooner or later one of their craft will observe us.” It was sooner than even Rannard expected. Less than an hour later they came. It was the familiar form of attack, but familiarity had not made it less terrifying. Rennard himself took up a position in one of the jet towers as soon as his wrist-radar told him of the approach of the Mercurians. Looking through the transparent tower with his telescopic goggles he saw the craft approaching, at first like a great string of golden beads glittering above the thin line of brilliance of the far horizon. The huge shock-absorbing spring net had been automatically lifted into posi- tion at the first alarm, and that, coupled with the fact of Mercury's lesser gravitational pull, was a rea- sonable assurance that a Mercuriarv falling from a disabled craft should survive. The queer craft were streaking across the dark sky at an almost in- credible pace, a long string of spin- ning saucer-like craft, so close to each other that frequent collisions seemed inevitable. The great string of craft swooped and twisted like a crazy glowing snake, and at the same time the searing blue-white ray issued from the Mercurians’ flame tubes as the ships hurtled on their cyclonic way towards the pro- ject. Rennard waited until those pil- lars of flame were almost upon his own tower, then he barked into the intercom to the other towers the command to open fire. He closed in his own lever, and from the jet a sheet of blinding flame leapt out- wards and upwards, striking the lower portion of the leading craft squarely in the centre. The other jet towers spurted to action a split- second later, and the leading four saucer-craft became at first, incan- descent, and then dripping masses of spinning molten metal. PAGE FOURTEEN, THRILLS INCORPORATED IN the white hot glare surround- ing the doomed craft Rennard could distinguish the tiny figures of the Martian crews, mad with the agony of the hellish fire around them, leap from their craft. Quick- ly. he rapped out the order to cease fire. The jets subsided, and the four molten craft crashed to the ground outside the perimeter of the pro- ject. The other craft continued on their cyclonic flight, veering away from the towers but still maintain- ing their string-like formation. The respite was temporary, as Rennard expected. With their characteristic crazy courage the line of saucer- craft again swooped on the project, and the second attack was more suc- cessful. One of the molten craft crashed into a jet tower, and the scene was lit luridly by a vast wall of flame that rose thousands of feet into the air before the jet-extin- guishers from the spacecraft could come into play. A second jet tower was toppled as the white ray from a Mercurian craft burnt through its base. But even the Meycurians retained some sense of prudence. After that second attack the craft hurtled sky- wards and streaked back whence they had come, leaving the glowing wreckage of ten of their armada be- hind them. Rennard descended from the. tower. In the spring nets outside the square formed by the towers there were several tiny bodies, but all were still. . . . “No survivors?” asked Rennard dully as Genesh came quickly to- wards him. “Two!” cried the Venusian. “Al- most unharmed, except for shock. They’re inside, being treated now.” Rennard’s heart leapt. He ran past the group around one of the wrecked jet y^wers and into the spaceship, followed by the lumber- ing Venusian. Two of the Medical Section of the crew had brought in the Mercuri- ans, one of whom was conscious. They were in the big laboratory- cabin, which housed the Linguapro- jector. Rennard, although prepared by telephotos of the Mercurians, ob- tained during their raids on Venus, was nevertheless shocked at the sight of the mannikin standing in the middle of the big cabin. The creature was a shade over two feet in height, dark-skinned and round- faced. That such a race could be such a menace to the mighty Venus- Earth confederation was ludicrous. And yet it was a fact; a fact which became more understandable as Rennard noted the brilliant depths of the little man’s eyes, betokening extraordinary energy and intelli- gence. This was not a member of a decadent or an unenlightened race. The Mercurian technology, as demonstrated by their incredibly swift craft, was in no sense inferior to that of Earth or Venus; and the Mercurian mentality was obviously the equal of. the dwellers of other planets—at least! ■“THE Mercurian moved towards Rennard, and the latter blink- ed. The little man’s speed of move- ment was startling. The short legs seemed to flicker, and the man’s position was changed, all in the flick of an eyelid. The Mercurian’s arm was raised and moved several times, apparently a gesture of anger, but the movements were so rapid that Rennard’s eye could not follow them. “Has he SDoken yet?” he asked of the two Medical members. “Not a sound,” replied one of the officers. “Oh!” Rennard stared down at the little man, who glared up at him, a concentrated hatred in the tiny bead-like eyes. The man was a perfect counterpart of an Earth- man—ears, eyes, mouth; therefore it was inconceivable that speech was not the recognised means of communication. Perhaps his vocal chords had been injured in his fall into the net. “We’ll try the other one.” said Rennard. “He’s coming to.” The other mannikin was flinging himself about in quick convulsive movements on the padded table. He sat up, or rather jerked up like THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE FIFTEEN a pocket-knife snapping open. Ren- nard nodded, and the Medical Offi- cer wheeled the table across to the Linguaprojector. Rennard switched on, and waited for the first words that would fall from the lips of the Mercurian. The mannikin glared at him as his companion had glared—with tiny hate-filled eyes; but he uttered no sound. Rennard operated the controls of the Linguaprojector, while the Medical Officers took the earplugs and attempted to adjust them to the little man’s skull, but the creature, his eyes now fearful, moved from the table like a streak of lightning. One moment he was sitting there, the next he was over in the far corner of the cabin. Tfiere •was a flicker from the other manni- kin, and then he was beside his companion, lips drawn back in a snarl, white teeth showing. “Grab one of ’em!” shouted Ren- nard. “Never mind the other. They’re like quicksilver!” he mut- tered as the Medical Officers, now assisted by Genesh, attempted to carry out the order. The little men appropriately enough were like the metal mercury in that it seemed impossible to place hands upon them. They simply melted away from the quickest movements by the Earthmen, and the sluggisn movements of the Venusian were almost laughable in their ineffec- tiveness. IT, was Rennard himself who fin- ally caught one of the Mercurians.. The little man, in attempting to escape the combined attentions of the other three men, suddenly cata- pulted himself in Rennard’s direc- tion. and the latter’s wiry arms closed automatically around the struggling Mercurian. The energy of the creature was astounding; he seemed to be constructed of steel springs, and it required the com- bined efforts of the two Medical Officers and the great strength of the Venusian to overpower him. ‘'Good!" breathed Rennard. when the mannikin was quelled and the plugs forced into his ears. “Now perhaps we’ll get some sense—some of our sense—into his brain.” He spoke into the machine, slowly and carefully, using the space-language, and confident that the brain-cells of the Mercurian would be acted upon in a manner that would translate his meaning. “We are from Earth and Venus,” he said clearly. “We mean no harm to you on Mercury. We wish to live in peace with you all. Do you understand?” There was a tense silence in the cabin, all eyes turned on the little man, held tightly in the arms of his captors. The Mercurian’s ex- pression did not change. His lips seemed to be curiously blurred, but not a sound escaped him. and not the slightest indication that he had heard or understood. Again Rennard tried. He. made adjustments to the Lingua projector, and for an hour he repeated sen- tences, made plans to the Mercu- rian—utterly without result! Sweat was pouring from his forehead ,as desperation seized him. “Why?” he gasped, turning to Genesh. “Why? I can’t understand it! They're rational; they’re like us; they're humans—virtually Earthmen on a small scale. They must talk to each other.” “The inhabitants of Flormesteen, in the Second Galaxy, communicate by means of thought-images,” point- ed out Genesh. "It is possible that these—” “It isn’t possible!” shouted Ren- nard. “Those creatures you speak of have antennae—these men have ears to hear with! They have lips tongues; they don’t differ from us, except in size. I tell you they MUST speak and hear!” “If they want to.” pointed out the Venusian. "Perhaps they do not want to. Perhaps hate of all exter- nal creatures is inherent in them. They may be conditioned from birth never to respond to reason- ableness from an alien. But—the Linguaprojector has failed for the first time.” Rennard raged around the labora- tory cabin. He was scarcely sane PAGE SIXTEEN, THRILLS INCORPORATED at that moment, so crushing was the disappointment. He had had to fight, to work, to cajole the authori- ties of Earth-Venus to allow him to undertake this project. It had been his dream, his whole life- work, to end the age-long hostili- ties between Mercury and the Con- federation, and he had imagined that they could be ended for all time by this simple direct method— communication and resultant under- standing. MOW, after all the preparation, after success in capturing two living Mercurians. he had failed to communicate with them. “Calm yourself, Rennard.” said the Venusian uneasily. “You've done your best—” “What does that matter?" shouted Rennard. “Results—thats what I want!" He glared down at the little Mercurian. He bent and looked at the man's mouth. The Mercurian shrank awav. his lips blurred curi- ously. Rennard straightened up suddenly and uttered a shout. “He’s talking!” he yelled. “His lips are moving—moving, so quickly we can't see them. Look at him—look!" The mannikin’s mouth was still blurred. Rennard pressed his hand against the little man’s lips and it was like holding a buzzing bee in his hand. The Mercurians had been trying to communicate to them all the time. “It’s their metabolism!” cried Rennard. “They’re too quick for us. Everything inside them is rac- ing. Their voices are above the pitch of sound as we know it!” He laughed hysterically. “They can't unscramble our sounds either—too low-pitched for them! No wonder they couldn’t tune in to spaceradio and understand it.” He turned triumphantly on to Genesh. “Com- munication!*' he shouted. “Thai’s what's required. That’s what I’ve always believed. And I’m right! There’s the barrier between us and the Mercurians, a barrier that’s in- side each individual Mercurian, the barrier of a different metabolism. Just that, Genesh. Imagine it! They’re rational creatures. This madness, as we called it, this ap- parently insane impulse to attack us. and keep on attacking us. is sim- ply ignorance of our motives in com- ing so close to their planet. And ignorance can be dispelled as soon as we reach their senses, break down the barrier of metabolism.” “It can be done, Rennard . . .** “It can be done," repeated Ren- nard. “Simply done.- Just as simple as radio waves can be brought down to the level of our own hearing . . rT'HE work on the Linguaprojector was completed by the radio technicians within a few hours. The Mercurians listened to the trans- formed voice of Rennard, and as they listened the hate and doubt vanished from their faces. They spoke to Rennard, their voices brought down to the range of Earthman’s sense of hearing. And it was as Rennard had said. Fear had been the impulse behind those attacks. Fear of the huge creatures that were coming so close to their beloved little planet, on which they desired only to live in peace. And the Mercurians believed that they owed their continued existence only to those centuries’ old hostilities in keeping at bay the Earth-Venus spaceships. The Mercurians had their own radio, but nothing intelligible had ever been picked up from Earth or Venus—nothing intelligible to Mer- curian ears . . . One of the captured Mercurians was speaking into the radio trans- mitter, now modiifed to cope with the higher frequencies of the Mer- curian speech. The little man was speaking to his own people; his lips . were a blur, his voice soundless to the watching Earthmen, but the words were being listened to. in the habitable belt of Mercury. Words that were to end the centuries’ old conflict between Mercury and the Confederation. The barrier of metabolism was down at last. The madness on Mercury was ended. THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE SEVENTEEN SPACEMEN by Alan Yates Spoofed was the ancient word for joke . . • and the joke is so old we are sure you can’t have heard it . . . T SLIPPED my seventh Martiani very carefully. The effect of that drink is something a little more devastating than atomic energy. The room bucked once or twice, then settled down again on more or less an even keel. I hoped the stewards would be decent enough to put me to bed after I passed out. That could be any time now from the way I felt. Keeling was sitting opposite me, his face looked as blurred as he felt. “Wassa matter with you, anyway?" He screwed his eyes up as he glanced vaguely in my direction. “Wha's wrong with five years on Alpha Centauri? Fine place!” He giggled helplessly. “Think of all the spare time you’ll have up there— with absolutely nothing to do!” He bellowed with laughter and waved his arms in the air, hopelessly, knocking over his drink as he did so. "Steward!” he bawled, “gish ’n- other drink!” The steward padded over and righte^ the glass and refilled it from the bottle he was holding in his right tentacle. “Very funny!” I said with dignity. “Ver’ funny indeed! Just 'cos Space Control, rot their eyes, banish me to the outer spaces for five years— you laugh!” “It’s all right,” Keeling leered at me. “That Unit you’re going to has five men an’ eight women!” He gig- gled violently. “You won’t have any spare time at all!” He hiccupped violently and nearly lost his drink again. “Very funny!” I said again. I was looking for sympathy and I should have known better than to come into the Space Flyers’ Club to look for it! “Anyway!” I told Keeling, “I wouldn't feel so bad about it if I could have stayed home ,for my birthday!” I looked at him sorrow- fully with tears in my eyes. “My mother bakes me a cake on my birthday,” I told him solemnly. “A magnificent plum cake! But what happens this time!” I banged my'fist down violently on the table and saw the glass leap into the air. A ten- tacle snaked out, caught the glass and carefully returned it to the table—the steward wasn't going to be caught a second time. “This time.” I said slowly, "I shall reach that Man-forsaken planet Alpha Centauri, on my birthday!” Keeling slid slowly forward off his chair onto his knees. He gripped the edge of the table with a concen- trated effort and managed to hold on long enough to get the last word. “All you want,” he peered at me doubtfully as if to see that I was still there, “is something to gripe about!” A wide grin spread over his face as if he felt that he had triumphed and could relax now. His fingers relaxed their grip on the table-edge and he slid slowly under- neath the table—out cold. I thought it was a pity that some people couldn’t hold their liquor. I got to my feet and shook my head slowly at the steward who was offering the bottle to me. I thought it was up to me, now that Keeling had passed out, to show the natives PAG£ EIGHTEEN, THRILLS INCORPORATED SPOOFED Quickly os I could I climbed down to the lost rung of the ladder and . . . the box was still just out of reach! Keeling had been quite righ^ about the five men and eight women. The Controller offered me a chair which I gratefully accepted. I still had traces of the hangover from the drinking session in the Club. “I think you're all set now, Hardy,” he said. “Your ship is in perfect order and the lanes have been clear- ed. Once you get outside Martian gravitational pull, you can switch over onto automatic and not worry much for the next twenty days. Watch out for the meteors then. The deflecor beams will throw them. a little dignity. I took two paces forward and then Keeling seemed to leap up from the floor and hit me with his backbone. They told me next morning that we made quite a heap under the table—with me on top of Keeling. ■TWO days later they had my ship ready and I went up to the Con- troller to get my final clearance. The assignment I had wasn't at all bad really. Alpha Centauri Station One was experimental and the work would be extremely interesting. I was going there-, and taking a small rocket-repulsion ship with me, to act as resident pilot up there. And THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE NINETEEN off, of course, but it’s liable to be a little bumpy!” “I’ll watch it.” I said. “Another thing,” he picked up a box from the floor by his desk and held it in his hands for a moment. “This has to be delivered to the Of- ficer Commanding on Alpha Cen- tauri. This is vital. HarH the Controller said seriously. "Whatever happens, you must not lose this box. It contains something highly secret and it is vital that it doesn't fall into the wrong hands!” “I'll look after it,” I promised. “Good!” He tossed the box to- wards me and automatically I put out my hands to catch it. The box floated gently out of the Controller’s hands and remained poised in the air about two feet above his desk. I shut my eyes, counted ten, then opened them again. The box was still there. “I don’t believe it!” I muttered. The Controller smiled. “It's true. That is one of the reasons why it is so important.” I got up from my chair and gin- gerly grasped the box. There was a slight tugging feeling as I pulled it towards me. It was most odd. I tucked the box firmly under my arm and left the Controller’s office. Twenty minutes later I was siting in my ship, waiting final clearance from Control. •Without thinking. I put the box down on the seat beside me. Imme- diately it floated uowards and re- mained motionless above my head— I was glad I knew I was sober. I thought the damned thing might as well stay there. I could hardly tie it down. The green lamps winked and I let in the first boost. There was the usual split second when nothing happened, then the colossal accel- eration and five minutes later when I glanced out of the rear observation window, Mars was a rapidly reced- ing red ball behind me. I readjusted the controls and set the ship on course, then switched tver to automatic. Then I had no- thing to worry about for the next •	wenty days. I took another look at »ahe box, it was still floating com- fortably about a foot above my PAGE TWENTY, THRILLS INCORPORATED head. I thought that perhaps that thing might start getting on my nerves before I reached Alpha Cen- tauri. I tuned in the Sonic and checked my course with Control, Mars. They told me I was on the beam O.K. and had nothing to worry about. I left the speaker on open circuit so that I would hear if anything came through. It would only be another ten hours before I lost contact alto- gether—complete silence then, until I picked up Alpha Centauri three weeks later. A couple of hours later Control came through and gave me a report that the meteor belt was particularly bad, they had just had a report from an ex-Pluto freighter coming in. Well, that was the luck of ♦he Hardys! Shortly after that I was outside the range of sonicv so I switched off and relaxed. I had a long, lone time to do no- thing. There’s nothing I like better than doing nothing. HIT the meteor belt eighteen days later. The deflectors were working O.K., so there was nothing to worry about, but I never can get used to seeing thing hurtling towards you. then, apparently at the last moment, be- ing diverted to one side. I watched them for a couple of hours until I got tired of it. It was certainly thick! It was on the nineteenth day that it happened. Your brain gets a little sluggish with nothing to do. I’d even got used to that damned box floating around above my head. It happened whilst I was asleep. I woke up suddenly with the feeling that something was wrone. There was a winking purple light on the instrument panel—and that meant trouble! Really it wasn't that bad—more nuisance value than anything else. The port rocket ejection unit had got clogged. Probably collected some dust off the deflectors. It meant stopping the ship and going out to have a look. I cut the motors and while the ship gradually slowed down I put on a space-suit and got the flexible-steel ladder ready. When I was all set, I started the counter propulsion motors and the ship ultimately came to a standstill. I was careful to check that the de- flectors were still functioning before I did anything else. I didn't fancy being outside the ship when a me- teor hit it! They were O.K. I ad- justed the atmospheric stabilisation unit then slid back the door of the ship. I fixed the ladder and tossed it Ait so that it hung down from the door. I had one foot on the ladder when the second thing hap- pened. The stabilisation unit must have been fractionally out. The atmos- phere inside the ship slightly lower than that outside. The difference was enough! As I put my other foot on a lower rung, that blasted box floated serenly past my head and out into Space! I made a frantic grab at it and missed. The box floated on, down past my feet and came to rest about two feet away from the bottom of the ladder. As quickly as I could. I climbed down to the last rung of the ladder and reached for the box. It was just out of reach. I hung onto the ladder with one hand and foot and reached again. My grasping fingers were only six inches away from the damned thing. I made a supreme effort and that was my undoing. My weight acted on the ladder and it slowly swung away from‘me. I grasped nothing desperately and then lost my balance. The ladder swung out of my grasp and I float- ed away from it a couple of fec-t. collecting the box as I went past. Then the momentum was dead and I came to a stop about four feet away from the ladder and ten feet away from the ship. I could feel the sweaf pouring down my face, inside the space-hel- met. I was living a space-flyer’s nightmare! tAs far as I was concern- ed I might just as well have been a million miles away from the ladder and the ship. There was no way in which I could get back! I looked at the box in my hand and swore steadily for ten minutes without, I think, repeating myself. But that wasn’t going to help me, I ultimately realised, so I shut up and tried to think. I had enough oxygen in my hel- met to last for six hours, after that I was finished! Doomed to die of asphyxiation with the ship and safety only a few feet away! I waved my arms and legs desperate- ly. but of course it didn’t make any difference—I remained exactly where I was. ^J"HE time moved slowly, very slowly. It must have been over an hour before I saw the faint blue light coming towards the ship at an incredible speed. A meteor! I thought that I wouldn't have to wait for the oxygen to give out—the me- teor was coming straight towards me. Then I remembered I had left the deflectors working so that there wasn't a chance of the meteor com- ing near me. Sure enough, when it was near, growing bigger with every split sec- ond. it suddenly whirled to one side and went screaming off at a tan- gent. A moment later I was spun round, upside down, and for a few seconds I couldn’t work out what had hap- pened. When I collected my sense enough to look around—which isn't easy when you're upside down—I realised that the ship was directly beneath me. The speed and move- ment of the meteor had caused an eddy current which had caught me. It seemed a logical supposition. We know that space is not nothing— otherwise light rays and space ships couldn't move through it. So a mov- ing body through Space must set up a slight resistance. With that thought I began to hope again. If enough meteors came along, there was a faint chance that I might be deflected near enough to the ship to be able to get aboard once more. If I did, the rocket ejection unit could take care of itself until I reached Aloha Centauri! Sure enough, a few seconds later another meteor appeared. I watched carefully and as the eddy caught me, I yelled excitedly as I saw I was heading straight for the ship. But (Continued on page 34) THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE TWENTY-ONE A moment later, the air- fighter was split through the middle by a blast . . . “YY/ELL, the Jago Colonization ' ^Corporation certainly know how to run a colony, and a spaceport,” commented Bill Briston, Comman- der of the Spacefreighter, Space Eagle, one of Spacefreight Limited’s vast fleet. “I’ve always thought the principle of leasing an entire plane- toid to one company a wrong idea; but it’s worked out well in this case, at least.” Barry Ronald, co-pilot and Lieu- tenant to Briston, shrugged. He was tall and lean, with a rather cynical cast of countenance, and his years of travel and experience as a free- lance spacefreighter before he sign- ed up with Spacefreight Ltd., had left him disillusioned and sceptical of his fellow-man, as well as of the humanoids and other sub-human and super-human creatures he had encountered. He was dubbed a pes- simist by his friends and acquain- tances; he insisted that he was simp- ly a realist. He lived up to his repu- tation now by disagreeing with his Commander. “Looks all right on the surface," he commented drily. “Beautiful spic-and-span spaceport, surrounded by fabulously beautiful buildings, all the staff as efficient as high-grade robots-*-looks perfect.” Bill Briston frowned at the other’s tone. “Well, what more do you want. Barry?” “I'd like to know the living con- ditions here, the amount of freedom the average inhabitant possesses. But the Jago Corporation just don’t PAGE TWENTY-TWO, THRILLS INCORPORATED JUGGERNAUT of JAGO by Ace Carter The rise of Josw City had * been a spectacular project — a juififernaut which took its toll in human sacrifice. allow free access to their rich little planetoid. Why?” “Always the same,” sighed Bill Birston. "I've never known anyone to search for the dark lining like you do, Barry. The Jago Corpora- tion are quite within their rights. They hold the lease for another ninety-six years, and it's natural that they shouldn't allow others to poke about and learn the processes their scientists have perfected. In 4he 'four years they’ve been exploiting this planetoid they’ve achieved mir- acles of production. We, on Earth, should be thankful that such a go- ahead corporation exists; otherwise we'd be starved for some of the rare minerals, and the spacefuel. that are being produced and processed here in such quantities.” “I always distrust super-effici- ency,” commented Barry Ronald. “It suggests a form of slavery.” Bill Bristdn laughed uproariously. “You’re a few thousand years be- hind the times. Barry. Didn’t some- one break the news to you that ma- chines work for humans now?” Barry looked down on the magni- ficient spaceport at the web of ele- vated roadways spreading smoothly out to all parts of the only city on the planetoid, Jago City. He saw the splendid buildings, built of the peculiar white translucent stone quarried on the planetoid, rising in great tiers around the vast space- port; and his mind switched back thousands of years to the great pyramids on Earth. . . Yes, perhaps he was living in the past; but all the same, as long as huge works were created, human hands and hu- man brains would have to toil in their creation. And Jago City had been just too spectacular in its rise, and the Jago Corporation had amass- ed enormous, almost unbelievr.ble wealth in a few short years, and the planetoid itself was closed to all who did not possess a special pass issued by the company. The fact that there existed only one space- port, and that the uncleared portion of that little world was a sodden seamy swampland and flint-like in- hospitable rocky country, made it virtually impossible for unauthoris- ed spacecraft to land. But it was his knowledge of the heed of Jago Corporation that had caused his suspicions to become con- victions. “Yes, I’m distrustful of most things, Bill,” said Barry slowly. “And I’m not happy at the thought that Jakob Stenner is the Big Boss of the Corporation. He’s been mixed up in a lot of queer deals. He was exploiting the Venus fields until the Venusian Welfare Officers made things too hot for him. Had Jago been populated by an indigenous race, Earth Government would never have allowed him the charter. It was only because Earthmen were freely recruited to colonize the THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE TWENTY-THREE place, and to return within a month before signing a year's contract if they desired, that Stenner was given the opportunity.” “Couldn't have given it to a better man,” insisted Bill. “He's ruthless in lots of ways, but he gets things done." He pointed down to the spaceport. “Look at em! They're ali smart, active and willing’ workers, well-disciplined, well-trained, and certainly well-fed." The officers of the spaceport in their trim tight-fit- ting uniforms, flowing cloaks, and helmets glittering in the late after- noon sunshine from Alpha Centuris all heightened the impression of a well run colony. One of them, the Port Controller, boarded the space- craft, and Bill Briston left the ob- servation port to meet him at the airlock. The spacecraft's papers were handed to Bill, and the craft was ready to leave, as usual, on the tick of time. “Efficiency.” remarked Bill. “If all our customers were like the Jago crowd we’d never be an hour behind in the three months' journey to Earth. We'll be home right on sche- dule.” pTVE hours out from Jago. how- ever, an incident occurred which shattered this confident prediction. Both Barry and Bill were in the control room when the Chief Engin- e?r ’ entered and reported a stow- away. “A stowaway!" Bill gasped. “From Jago?" “Not so efficient at the spaceport, after all.” murmured Barry, with a faint grin. “Bring him in here." “It's a—a she, sir," said the En- gineer. And a moment later he ushered the girl into the control room. She was small and fair and lithe, and under the brilliant lights in the room her hair glinted like spun gold. Her skin was flawless, but there was a faint line etched in her otherwise smooth forehead, a heavy weariness in the blue eyes that hinted of past worry and sor- row. She was clad in the usual briefs and cloak worn by the dwellers on the humid little planet of moist warm days and chilly nights. “Well, young lady," said Bill, after the Engineer had closed the door behind him. "What’s the idea—and how did you manage to escape the vigilance of the Port Officials?” She answered the second question first, speaking in an assured voice. “I took the place of some cargo. I hid in the clearing house last night.” “Why? And who are you, any- way?” “I am Greta Maybury, Elec- tronics Expert. And this was the only way I could get back to Earth. We're prisoners there on Jago!” Bill gasped, looked at Barry, whose face wore a grin which plain- ly said. “I told you so!” “You can't expect us to believe that fifty-odd thousand humans are prisoners back there.” “There are more than that, and they are prisoners. If they can't re- turn to Earth, if they aren't allow- ed to communicate with Earth, if they work at whatever task tffey are given and wihout any choice, if every move they make is under an# electronic-eye system—are they pri- soners or free workers?" "But the men at the spaceport—” “They are a different class,” put in the girl. “You don't understand. I've been there for three years and I've seen everything that has hap- pened in that time. Jakob Stenner organised the whole thing as a slave-world from the start. He per- suaded thousands of technicians, scientists, engineers—the most bril- liant men he could find—to come to this grand new world. They thought there would be vast opportunities; and all we have done is build a pri- son for ourselves. There are thou- sands of others, military men now, who were of a different type, and they work directly under Jakob Stenner and keep the rest of us under control." She laughed bitterly. “The scientific and technical staff work like automatins, blindly obed- ient. hopeless! There is only one spaceradio station on the planet and that is controlled by the corporation. The technicians are watched too closely by the electronic eye to have a chance to build a station and com- municate with Earth and reveal true PAGE TWENTY-FOUR, THRILLS INCORPORATED conditions on Jago. We eat and sleep under the Eye. We have set hours for entertainment, reading, teletheatre, open-air exercise — everything is perfectly arranged. We are well-fed, well-clothed, at- tended regularly by the Corpora- tion’s medical officers—but we’re slaves. And we're all waiting for the chance to grasp freedom again!” Bill looked from the girl to his Lieutenant. Her story carried con- viction, and was an almost uncanny substantiation of. what Barry had said—Efficiency plus Slavery, even if it was slavery brought up to date. ‘‘But there must have been some protests, some revolt against such an organization?” “There was, about a year ago. It showed us how ruthless Stenner was. It showed us—the Pugo Jug- gernaut.” “The what?” “The perfect weapon for crushing any revolt, a creation of some of Stenner’s top scientists and engin- eers. It is an irresistible atomic- driven fortress, a huge and horrible thing, bristling with guns and tubes of all sorts, atoflame throwers, atomic charges, paralysing gases. When the crowds tried to storm the Corporation’s headquarters and take Stenner himself prisoner, this ter- rible thing, of which we knew no- thing up till then, was turned loose against us, incinei'ating hundreds and crushing the life out of hun- dreds more under the tractors of the moving fortress. “Stenner was pleased at the effi- ciency of his great anti-revolution machine, and in a local broadcast he referred to it as his Juggernaut, and warned us that it was standing by always ready to leap into action at a moment’s notice. Just a mention of it now is sufficient to make any- one with ideas of defiance think twice.” t DILL’S jaw set in a hard line. “Stenner’s had his day,” he said. “We’ll take you to the Director of Spacecolonies as soon as we get back to Earth, and—” “And then there’ll be the usual delay,” put in the girl. “I know all about tt. It’s going to take us three months to get bacfc to Earth, and then my stor-v v*vl be examined closely and I’ll b<t cross-examined to make sure that it isn’t just an exag- geration by an hysterical girl. It will be at least sever* or eight months before any action is taken on Jago. And in the meantime my absence will be discovered and Stenner will have ample tim* to prepare for a visit from a Committee of Inquiry from Earth. He’s a clever and cun- ning man, and I know he'll have some means of putting up a front to receive an official Committee. He may use drugs on some of his work- ers—I don’t kno^ what his methods will be; but he’ll have some plan of that nature rerdy. The only way to turn Jago into a decent world is to stage a successful revolt.” “But how—” • “There’s just one way.” said the girl calmly. “Get control of the Jug- gernaut!” The two spacepilots gasped. And then, in Barry Roland’s dark eyes there appeared a gleam of anticipa- tion and recklessness. It was the sort of undertaking that appealed to him, a splendid break from the dull monotony of carting supplies back and forth across limitless space, a tame occupation for one who had spent his early years as spacepilot seeking out new worlds and prob- ing beyond the known limits of space. Bill Briston looked in surprise at the transformed face of his co-pilot He had thought Barry could never recover his pristine enthusiasm, but the other’s expression was now that of a youngster promised a treat. His dark face was irradiated by a huge grin, his voice excited. “Just the thing!” he said. “Turn Stenner’s monster against its creator, in the old Frankenstein tradition!” Greta Maybury looked u» at the tall lieutenant in astonishment. She had not expected such a wholeheart- ed response to her tentative sugges- tion. “It will be terribly risky,” she said. “But I’ve learnt a little from one of the spaceport officials.” She coloured slightly. “I—I had to pre- tend that I was a keen admirer of THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE TWENTY-FIV€ and the official, a young man, got the idea that I was in love with him—” “But you’re not” put in Barry. “Of course not! It was the only way I could obtain a little freedom. If it hadn’t been for that I should never have been able to stay around the spaceport, and I shouldn’t have been able to escape on to ypur craft. I’ve found out a few things, includ- ing the location of the Juggernaut. You have atomic weapons on board, and if you could surprise the guards, who will be unprepared for such an audacious move, and take over the Juggernaut, you will be actually taking over Jago!” “A full scale civil war!” breathed Bill Briston in an awed voice. “There’ll be hell to pay with Space- colonies!” “Rot!” snapped Barry. “We’ll have the testimony of thousands of Sten- ner’s ex-slaves. . . . Forget that part of it.” He turned to Greta May- bury- “Is there anywhere that you know of where we could land, apart from the spaceport, of course?” She frowned. “It’s desolate coun- try on the far side of the planetoid. And of course you would have to land at night. There are constant aircar patrols, covering the plane- toid at all times, so you wouldn’t be able to use landing lights. I’m afraid you'd just have to land blindly, and risk smashing your craft. It's a ter- rible risk to ask you to take, I know, but there’s no other way out of it.” “We can cushion our landing with jets,” said Barry, with quick optim- ism. “ Even if we smash our craft it won't make any difference, pro- vided we don’t smash ourselves as well. Because if we win out we’ll have all the Jago spacecraft at our disposal. And if we don’t . . He shrugged. “Well, our own craft wouldn’t be of any use to us any- way.” He looked across at his Com- mander's worried face. “What’s it to be, Bill? Are you in it?” “I have a duty to Spacefreight Limited, Barry—” he began. “You have a duty to tens of thou- sands of fellow-humans,” put in Barry, his voice chilly. Bill flushed. “AH right. But the crew—” “I’ll talk ’em round,” said Bajry hastily. “Leave them to me. It’s Up to you." For a moment Bill Briston eyed the pleading, anxious face of Gi'eta Maybury; then, without a word, he moved to the control panel. The steady glowing spheres of distant planets on the visiscreen began to move across the screen, and other space bodies took their place as the Space Eagle swung in a huge circle on its way back to Jago! *. * * ’“THE night landing on Jago was an experience that Barry would never forget. He and Bill had decid- ed that the craft would have to risk a crash, and that the auxiliary aircar would be used to carry them across the planetoid to the spot where the Juggernaut was housed. The Space Eagle was brought to a hovering standstill thousands of miles out in space, its nose directed toward the tiny planetoid, ready for the moment when it would hurl it- self like a projectile at its objective —and that moment would be judged according to the movements of the airpatrol cars that kept their un- ceasing vigil around the prison planetoid. Barry sat watching the visiscreen, watching the movements of the streaking aircars, and calculating the few minutes the Space Eagle would have to effect a landing be- tween patrols. The crew were order- ed into shock harness; and at the right moment the spacecraft sud- denly became a hurtling comet, streaking madly through space as thought intent on smashing itself to atoms against the globular target which grew on the visiscreen at an alarming rate. Both the Commander and his Lieutenant were at the dual con- trols, acting in perfect unison, the one ready to take over in the event of a blackout overcoming the other. With the surface of the planetoid filling the visiscreen Barry threw in the jet brakes. He blacked out, re- covered, as the craft, a screaming living thing, tore straight towards PAGE TWENTY-SIX, THRILLS INCORPORATED the planetoid’s surface, every mem- ber of the great spacecraft vibrat- ing madly and protesting against the terrific stresses. Barry had a fleet- ing vision of jagged rocks below in the wan moonlight from the three distant moons. Bill Briston had slumped forward in his harness, his nerveless hands still clutching the controls. Barry swung the craft in an almost impossible small circle to avoid its reaching the other side of the planetoid in its headlong flight. The vibration became worse, and it was coupled with ominous creak- ings. No craft ever built had been designed to withstand such crazy manoeuvres. It tore across a rocky gorge, but the deceleration was ob- vious now Lower and lower the craft circled over the inhospitable ground: Barry saw a patch of stunt- ed trees and scrub, and widened the circle to include the vegetation: then he set the machine straight into the patch. For a matter of a minute or so the slowly moving craft seemed to hover under the braking jets, then it tore through the low timber, smashing and burning its way for a half-mile, its interior resounding to the tearing impact^ and then it stopped, rolled and pitched to a drunken angle, and Barry Ronald pitched forward in his harness, and hung limply, his nerves resting at last in black unconsciousness. Bill Briston’s face Barry’s vision. “ mander’s voice was urgent, and Barry was aware of the heat within the craft. He nodded, climbed out of his harness, and left the control room. In the observation room they found Greta Maybury, unconscious. Barry lifted her from her harness and made for the airlock. He step- ped out on to a heap of smouldering slag from the smashed port jet. From a great rent in the skin of the craft further aft the Engineer ap- peared in the ufoite moonlight, fol- lowed by the two other members of the crew, one of whom had the first- aid kit. Greta responded to a hypo injection, and was able to stand, and almost immediately she was her brisk efficient self again. She surveyed the terrain, then the sky. "We’re roughly fifty miles east of Jago City, I should say,” she re- marked. “I know the landmarks well. That chain of mountains is thirty miles west of the city’s out- skirts.” She looked quickly at the spacecraft, the aft portion of which w-as glowing redly. ‘The auxiliary aircar! You can’t get it out now?” “The hatch is well forward,” cor- rected Bill. “We’ll manage it. The armory is there too, and we don’t want a spectacular explosion, either, which we will get if the heat reaches that before we clear it.” He rapped out orders, and the crew moved quickly to the forward hatch with its emergency equipment, and am- munition. Greta insisted on help- ing, carrying blasters and ammuni- tion and storing them in the rear of the aircar after the little craft was brought from the hatch. -J'HEY were almost ready to depart when a high-pitched whine caused them to look upwards. Against the night sky, glimmering palely in the moonlight, was visible one of the Jago patrol aircars, its shark-like fins and spearhead nose giving it a curiously threatening ap- pearance. The craft swooped down, its pilot obviously attracted by the red glow from the wrecked space- craft. belly of the patrol car, starkly sil- houetting the tense group. “Fire!” And the six atoblasters spat forth their lethal charges as one. With cataclysmic violence the patrol car exploded in a blue-white blaze, vaporised in a boiling cloud that rolled and spread in a great sheet of radiance. “Team work,” remarked Greta calmly. “A bit more of that and Stenner will be looking for another planetoid to start a new slave or- ganization.” Barry stared at her. The girl's calmness and brittle manner was not only astonishing, but somehow un- unpleasant. For once in his life the spacepilot found himself really at- “Blasters ready,” rapped the Com- swam into mander. Even as he spoke a blind- Quick! The Com- in? gleam of light shot out from the THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE TWENTY-SEVEN tracted by a girl, and it was ironical that she should be one who, in her manner and outlook, appeared to be more masculine than feminine, in spite of her appearance of soft beauty. Bill Briston led the way into the aircar, and a few moments later the little craft was climbing. “The Jug- gernaut,” said Greta, sitting close behind Bill at the controls, ’“is hous- ed somewhere in the mountains. It’s in the south-west spur; that was all I could discover. If you bring the car down on a plateau that faces the town—see, just below!—we’ll recon- noitre from there.” Bill nodded. There was another patrol car visible in the sky to the east. It would be foolhardy to risk an engagement with the Jago craft in view of the city, the lights of which glowed brilliantly against the surrounding blackness. He caused the little craft to dip, skimming over the rocky mass below. He risk- ed a flash of the landing lights, and sighted the comparative flatness of the plateau, and presently the craft slid to a standstill. Greta automatically assumed com- mand, and such was her personality that neither the Commander nor his Lieutenant disputed her orders, al- though Barry was conscious of in- tense irritation at her peculiar effi- ciency. Under her directions the party fanned out, climbing down the rugged sides from the plateau, searching for the wide, tell-tale track which the Juggernaut must have made through the scrub-cover- ed ground at the base of the moun- tain ridge. She moved off alone, and Barry watched her go with some misgivings. In spite of her complete assurance he was reluctant to see her go alone. If she encountered one of the guards ... He hesitated only a few moments, then he fol- lowed her. After all, she was the one most familiar with the terrain, and she was more likely to find the Juggernaut’s hiding place than any- one else. She moved with the lithe speed of a sure-footed cat over the rough flinty rocks, so that the Lieutenant had difficulty in keeping her in sight Several times she disappeared from his view behind clumps of rock; and it was after she had pass- ed around one of these clumps that he lost sight of her completely. LIE stared around at the forbid- ding rocky desolation, and as he started to move ahead he heard a faint choking cry, so close to him that he jumped. The cry came from the direction of a jagged heap of rocks straight ahead. He moved for- ward quickly, the cafety-switch on his blaster released. “Who is he?’: tie stopped as the masculine voice asked the question. “Come on, little one, tell me his name, this lover of yours.” “I won’t!” It was Greta’s voice. “And you’ll never find out.” “You must be madly in love with each other for you to risk coming out here,” said the man. “And he must be crazy to tell you where to come.” “Its’ our only chance of meeting,” said Greta. “You know tljat Stenner will not allow any love affairs be- tween female technicians and his soldiers.” Her voice became soft and caressing. “But I’m built that way that I must have someone to love me, and I fell in love with this guard, and he feels the same about me.” The man laughed. “Sure you couldn’t fall in love with another guard, little one.” “Maybe I could.” Greta’s voice took on an intimate softness. Barry heard a faint scuffling sound. She was playing a part with this guard, but it didn’t make it any easier to listen to. He stepped for- ward and moved cautiously around the rocks. Under the moonlight he saw a cloaked and helmeted guard standing with his arms around Greta, the two locked in a tight em- brace. The guard’s face was towards Barry, and as the man lifted his face from Greta’s he saw Barry, stand- ing immobile. The man uttered a gulp of amaze- ment, which changed quickly to a snarl of rage at the realisation of how he had been tricked. He groped for his atopistol, at the same time PAGE TWENTY-EIGHT, THRILLS INCORPORATED cTutching at Greta’s wrist and swinging her around in front of him as a shield. Barry lowered his blaster. He could not blast this man without killing Greta, but the guard could finish him off within the next few seconds! With fascinated eyes Barry saw the dull gleam of the atopistol in the man's hand. He waited for the charge, helpless. Then the man spoke. “I don’t know what crazy idea you two had to come here,” he rasp- ed. “But we’re going to find out. You're planning another revolution, eh?” Barry remained silent. “All right!” The guard jerked his helmeted head towards a black opening in the rocks behind him. “In there. You’ll talk, a lot!" He turned to Greta. “As for you, you lying little—” He got no farther. Greta suddenly bent her slim young body, at the same time grasping his wrist with her free hand. Barry had a glimpse of the guard, a whirling mass of flying cloak and gleaming helmet, being tossed over Greta's bent back, and then the man’s body flew over the cliffside, thudding sickeningly as it struck the jagged rocks below. “You almost ruined things,” said Greta calmly. “I—I couldn't bear to see that big brute kissing you—" began Barry. “Don’t be silly,” she said. “A means to an end. This is one of the entrances,” she added. “Go and round up the others and bring them here. I'll do some preliminary ex- ploring.”’ “No you won’t—not alone,” said Barry, and there was that in his tone that held back the hot retort on her lips. - “Very well,” she said shortly. “We’ll go together, but we’ll have to come back for them in any case. When we see the layout inside we can formulate a plan of action.” She went into the black hole first. The tunnel was surprisinglv short, little more than a lobby. Brilliant light came from a bend a few yards from the entrance, and rounding the bend they found themselves on a raised ledge overlooking an enor- mous cavern gouged out of tfie mountain. gARRY stared down at the scene below. Greta's description of the Juggernaut had prepared him for something of a mechanical marvel, but the sight of the thing took his breath away. It was fully 800 feet long and fifty feet high, and above that height again was a huge circular transparent dome. The monstrous machine was of a dully gleaming golden colour, its nose a huge bulge from which projected blaster tubes, and a slit, which the girl told him was used to expel gases, gave the thing a peculiarly animal appearance. The sheathed tractors extended the full length of the Juggernaut, and between them, like a cowcatcher, was a long metal member operated by jointed arms. There were several small build- ings within the cavern, and a smaller box-like structure from which radi- ated masses of cables, evidently the controlling mechanism for the vast rock door through which the Jug- gernaut would’emerge. There was a solitary soldier in that great cav- ern, sitting on a metal chair in the shadow of the machine. “There’ll never be a better oppor- tunity,” said Barry softly. “We'll get this thing single-handed. Greta.” She nodded: and Barry led the way down a flight of steps towards the dozing soldier. “Don’t move and don't make a sound!" Barry uttered the command in a low tense voice. The soldier uttered a faint gasp, turned and found himself looking into the dead- ly barrel of a blaster. “Who—" he began, but was silenc- ed bv a gesture from Barry. “No questions. Get up, and keep your hands in the air . . .That’s right. Now into the Juggernaut . . . Not a word, or you’ll be an atomic cloud.” The man. reading death in the cold eyes of the space-pilot, turned obediently and walked down the length of the metal monster. He stopped half-way. where a flight of steps, which were the inner side of an open door, led up into the con- trol room of the Juggernaut. Barry THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE TWENTY-NINE *nd the girl followed him. Inside the dome was a mass of controlling levers, at first bewildering, but to the highly trained space-pilot they offered only a brief problem. Keep- ing the soldier under the blaster Barry questioned him about some of the controls, and the man ans- wered sullenly. "Thanks,” said Barry shortly. He frowned at the su<fden look of triumph on the man’s face; and at the same instant Greta uttered a cry. "When you walked in here,” grin- ned the man, “you set off an alarm. No one is allowed to walk into the Juggernaut during the night—not even I.” The cavern had become alive with soldiers; soldiers were issuing from the buildings and from other doors in the rocks, half-clad, unhelmeted, but all carrying blasters. Barry leapt to the switchboard, his hand groping for the door control, but the soldier leapt at the same time. His gloved fist caught the spacepilot on the jaw, sending him sprawling against Greta. The blaster fell from his hand. He made a wild grab at it as he lay on the floor, but a heav- ily-booted foot crushed down on his wrist, and the next moment the sol- diers were pouring into the control dome. “A spacepilot, eh?” Barry, yanked to his feet, faced the half-clad sol- dier, evidently the Commander of the Guards. "Another revolt, led by a pilot from Earth!” The man step- ped closer. ‘‘How did you get here? What is your ship? How many are there with you?” ‘‘I’m saying nothing,” snapped Barry. "But your rotten regime is finished here,” he bluffed. “Soon, all Earth will know the conditions on this planetoid.” The Commander operated a radio transmitter. "Barracks! All troops alert. Take up revolt stations!” He repeated the message, then altered the wavelength. “Calling Mr. Sten- ner's Chief Secretary . . .” He spoke at some length in a low voice into the transmitter, listened for a mo- ment. then shut off. “You’re to re- main here. Mr. Stenner is coming to see you personally.” Barry saw Greta's face turn ashen at the sound of the man’s name. All her brittle confidence seemed to de- sert her. They were standing side by side, and his hands sought hers and she responded by squeezing his hand tightly. COMETHING of Greta’s awe com- municated itself to Barry when, in a surprisingly short space of time, Jakob Stenner strode into the con- trol dome. Barry felt a thrill at the first sight of this legendary figure, a thrill of revulsion tinged with re- spect. Stenner was small, stunted, with an enormous bald head and deep-set green eyes. He was clad sombrely in dark well-cut briefs and a black cloak. With him was his Chief Secretary, a tall hawk-faced man. “You’ve done well to get this far,” w'as Stenner’s surprising comment. “You can do better for yourself. I admire men of initiative. I'm offer- ing you work with me.” "I’m not—”	• "You two are holding hands,” went on Stenner smilingly. “As an induce- ment to you I shall waive my rule that my staff may not marry. There is a romantic attachment between you two? Interested?” “Not in your proposition,” said Barry. “I don’t make an offer twice. Think carefully.” A soldier entered the dome and saluted the Commander. “An air car has been located, sir. Three space- fliers have been found, members of a spacefreight crew. All have been destroyed.” Greta uttered a gasp and gripped Barry’s hand tighter. “Hopeless, you see,” said Stenner Barry was not listening. His thoughts were bitter. There were two sol- diers at the entrance to the dome, the Commander, Stenner and the Secretary. Just a few men to prevent his gaining control of the Jugger- naut, and with it virtual control of this planetoid. He’d reached the very brink of success, and was halted abruptly at the last moment. The crew were dead. Bill Briston? Ap- PAGE THIRTY, THRILLS INCORPORATED parently he had eluded capture so far. but it could only be a matter of time. "I want your answer now.” Sten- ner broke in on his thoughts. Barry hesitated, ft he could play for time —Then he, and the others, spun round sharply to stare through the dome as a series of explosions suddenly split the silence, echoing again and again through the vast cavern. “It’s Bill!” he yelled. And Bill Briston it was. He was standing on the little platform by which Barry had entered the cavern, a blaster in his hand spitting death and devastation on the massed sol- diers below. As he watched the Space Commander ducked back into the tunnel and the soldiers respond- ed with a burst of atomic fire that split and melted the rock. Then Bill reappeared again, his back to them; and with a sickening feeling of de- spair Barry realised that his Com- mander was caught between two fires, that soldiers were attacking him from the tunnel as well. He saw Bill turn sharplv and dis- charge his blaster into the cavern, and the next instant Bill Briston vanished in a boiling atomic cloud! Stenner chuckled as he peered through the glastic dome. “I told you it was hopeless—” Barry leapt. Leapt straight at the dwarfish figure and grasped Stenner around the waist with one arm and gripped his neck with his free hand. He backed towards the control panel, using Stenner’s writhing body as a shield. The soldiers, their blas- ters raised, moved towards him. “Back!” roared Barry. “Tell ’em to get back, Stenner. or by hell! I’ll throttle you. Tell ’em to get out. all of them!” Gasping, as the grip on his throat slackened, Stenner gave the order. The soldiers backed out. the Com- mander. after a helpless stare at Stenner, followed them, but the Sec- retary made no move. “You too!" snapped Barry. “Greta, operate that door-control, the red button, as soon as they’re clear.” The Secretary moved slowly to- wards the door. Through the glas- tic Barry saw the soldiers and the Commander on the steps. “Hurry, you,” he urged. The Secretary’s response was a tigerish leap at Greta. The girl ut- tered a cry, and involuntarily stab- bed at the red button, and then she crashed to the floor under the weight of the tall Secretary. The man leapt tc his feet at once, and from beneath his cloak he whipped out a tiny ato- fiame pistol. With every ounce of strength in his sinewy body Barry hurled the slight body of Stenner at the Secretary; then he rushed to the control board, closed the main switch The huge machine vibrated to life, the vibrations increasing as relay after relay closed automatic- ally. There was a rending crash, muffled within the machine, but like a distant avalanche, as the Jug- gernaut crashed through the rock door, and began racing irresistibly across the rugged ground, its speed increasing at every moment. Within the control dome Barry had a glimpse of the dawn sky above and fleeting countryside below as he hurled himself at Stenner and the Secretary. The latter’s pistol had shot from his hand but Barry had no time to look for it. The tall man, twisting clear of Stenner, was on his feet, and as Barry rushed him he shot out his foot aod pain ripped through the spaceflier as the vicious kick caught him in the stomach. He dropped to the floor, but Greta flung herself like a tigress at the tall Sec- retary. The man uttered a shrill cry as she caught his wrist and twisted it. at the same time bending her lithe young body sharply. The Sec- retary hurtled across her back and crashed against the glastic, slid to the floor, where he lay unconscious, blood seeping from his split head. The Juggernaut was hurtling alone at terrific speed. Through the glastic dome Barry saw massive buildings flying past as the vast ma- chine thundered into the City itself. Masses of soldiers, alerted and at their revolt stations, broke and fled as the crazy machine tore amongst them, crushing them to rags and red pulp. There came a jarring im- pact as the Juggernaut cut through a great building, like a knife THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE THIRTY-ONE through butter, and masonry crash- ed around the machine. • Barry laughed crazily. This was the ultimate adventure of an adven- turous career. "You lunatic!” It was Stenner who spoke, his green eyes blazing, fear in his face. He stared up, and Barry saw vicious pointed- nosed airfighters converging on the machine. The nearest airfighter sent out a blinding jet of fire which nar- rowly missed the only vulnerable part of the Juggernaut, the glastic dome. With a startled oath Stenner sprang to the gun-control panel, and a moment later the airfighter was split through the middle by a blast from the gun. "They don’t know you’re still alive, Stenner,” said Barry. “You'd better broadcast to the City. Call on your men to surrender. Call on your slave-workers to take over all arms. It’s that, or I’ll wipe the city out and I’ll finish you off first.” “And if I do,” snapped Stenner, "what happens to me?” "To save loss of life I’ll guarantee your freedom. You can take a space- craft and a crew—and the universe is a big place.” Stenner stood irresolute for a mo- ment; then he nodded. "Yes,” he said philosophically, “tha universe is a big place .” He moved over to the broadcasting unit, and spoke . . . . • * * With the Juggernaut at rest among the ruins it had created Barry and Greta stood in the dome watching the spaceship until it became at one with the black vastness of space. “The last of Stenner, I hope.” he said. “Ruthless, but you can't help admiring him in a way. You know, 'Greta. Stenner is about the last per- son I should have imagined as Cupid, but he did just that little job for us—or did he?” Greta’s reply was to move into Barry’s arms. Rocketeers at Bay (Cont'd) equipment behind them. They co- vered the ground in great leaps in the slight gravity, but they were only halfway there before another sound sent them round in aghast horror. It was the roar of explod- ing atomic reaction engines—the en- gines of the Starshell. "What . . . ?” someone said. "Lord knows,” Jackson retorted sharply. "Whatever it is they are fighting inside, it has somehow man- aged to blow up the ship to stop us getting away.” In the building they also heard the explosion, but it did not regis- ter on them. They were 'too busy trying to stay alive, a hopeless battle. Blaster after blaster was failing now and the green cloud was closing in. They knew it was alive now. There was something like a greedy anticipation in the air Man after man choked and fell to the floor, writhing under the stuff. There was no defence. For a short while the blasters could keep it back, but it had some way of put- ting the weapons out of commission. Could it do that to all weapons? A cold chill gripped them even in their agony as they thought of the green terror overrunning a whole world that had no defence. Then something happened. The mist writhed and they could almost sense its baulked fury and fear. Something had come into the build- ing to frighten the green mist, some- thing invisible to them but tangible to the mist. *	* * y/AYLAN saw with his mind the battle on the Asteroid the new civilisation called . Ceres and with anger noted the men writhing on the floor under their ancient enemy the Media He sent his thought on PAGE THIRTY-TWO, THRILLS INCORPORATED wi<J heard the Media speak among themselves. “These descendants of the old ones are puny creatures with no know- ledge of the mind’s power.” “Their world will be easy to take. When the old ones destroyed our planet they also destroyed their race. They died, but we still live.” “They did not all die.” The green cloud writhed as the thought of Vaylan pierced into it. “You are weak after your long sleep,” he con- tinued. “I gained strength as I slept and now I shall destroy you.” TV/TALLORY came to with the rest of his men on Station ZST-5D22 on the Asteroid Juna. The whole place was agog. Nobody knew how they had got there. Somebody open- ed the commonroom door—and there were the-crew of the Starshell scat- tered about the floor and furniture —with no more knowledge of how they had arrived than their sur- prised hosts. “The last think I remember is the green was writhing away, and or- dering everyone outside,” Mallory said beWilderedly. The station captain shook his head. “There has been something going on at Ceres that I do not understand. Come with me to the communica- tions room and I'll show you.” When they had both reached that room he slipped a cube recording into a player-screen. “We had been watch- ing Ceres ever since you landed and this recording was taken.” In amazed disbelief Mallory look- ed into the screen and saw himself and his men run from the building— then a great twisting, flaming thing of force come into being in the sky. It descended, nearer and nearer to the building, and the screen went blank in a brilliant burst of light. “What was it?” he asked blankly. The captain shook his head. “I think that is something we shall never know, nor how you got here. From your report, you fought an un- known force on Ceres and something helped you—transporting you here when your ship was destroyed.” Mallory swayed slightly. What had the green stuff been? And what had frightened it? Powerful forces had been at work on Ceres, forces they knew nothing of. It would be a long time before they understood —if ever. VfAYLAN kept the Media chained with his thought as the great flaming snake of force he had brought into being descended, then as the struggles of the captive things ended, he relaxed and let his thought join his body back on Earth. ‘The Media are no more, master,” the robot Zandlor said. “Do you go aboveground to greet your descen- dants now?” “No, Zantlor,” Vaylan said softly. “They are not yet ready and would not understand. They must have their mechanical civilisation before they can begin to delve into and ap- preciate the far greater powers of the mind.” The robot watched the man lay down again in the crystal casket. “It has been so long without you, master,” it said pleadingly. Vaylan smiled. “Patience, my good friend. It will not be for long now. They learn quickly. Soon they will be ready for the knowledge we can bring them.” There was the quiet thought of goodbye from the robot and the panel closed over the pearly eye of the faithful little metal creature that stood in front of the great electronic brain. The air hissed out of the room as the copper lever swung back to its former position and cur- rent flamed in great arcs about the crystal coffin of the man who lay sleeping until the descendants of his lost civilisation should be ready for him. THRILLS INCORPORATED, PAGE THIRTY-THREE SPACEMEN SPOOFED (Cont'd) I’d forgotten the	—I was just another moving boay to them! Just as I was nearing the ship, a violent eddy caught me and sent me spinning to one side—I had been deflected! And so it went on for a couple of hours. 1 was buffetted about from one side to the other of the ship, but never near enough to grab hold of it. When I had given up all hope, and was soberly thinking that there couldn’t be a sillier way of dying, a freak happened that saved my life. Two meteors came at the ship almost simultaneously. The first eddy took me over the ship so that I was once more behind it, and the second meteor being diverted in the opposite direction, sent me forward again, towards the rear o.f the ship. The deflectors only acted forward from the ship, so I drifted in easily toward the ladder and managed to catch hold of the bottom rung with one hand. I sobbed with relief as I climbed through the doorway and pulled the ladder in after me. My head was beginning to feel fuzzy and I realis- ed that the oxygen was giving out. As quickly as I could, I shut the door and sealed it, then let the box go, and it floated back towards its original place as if nothing had happened! I adjusted the stabilisa- tion unit and managed to get the helmet off as the oxygen gave out entirely. I didn't worry about the rocket ejection unit. It made my progress a little slower but I wasn't worrying about that. I had no intention of venturing outside the ship again un- til I had safely delivered the box! I was given a warm welcome when I reached Alpha Centauri— especially by the women! First thing after I landed I went to the Controller and handed him the box. “Here!” I said. “Take it quickly, it’s caused me enough trouble al- ready!* He raised his eyebrows. “What is it?” he asked. “Don't tell me you don’t know!” I yelled. He shook his head with a puzzled frown. I couldn’t stand it any longer. I opened the box as quickly as I could. When the pack- ing and wrappings finally came off, there stood revealed on the table, in all its pristine glory—a plum cake! There was a small white card in- side which said: "Happy birthday! Hope you don’t feel lonely now.— Keeling.” The Controller frowned at me. “Really, Hardy!” he said tartly. “I hope you don't usually use that sort of language!” COUPLE of years later, Keeling came in on one of the freighter units that came up every six months (Terra reckoning). He screamed with laughter when I told him the story of the box—the cretin! “I re- membered our conversation in the club,” he said. "I had one of the Martians bake the cake, and the Controller agreed to give you the box and spin the story that it was something extremely valuable!” “One thing you might tell me,” I said patiently. “How the hell did you get it to float?” "Well, old boy,” he looked at me solemnly. “You know the hallmark of a good cook? It’s the lightness of his cooking. That Martian was such a hell of a good cook that he couldn't help it. That cake was so damned light it just couldn’t help floating. Oh! Ho! Ho! Haa— Ha-agh!” Wholly set up by Hannaford Linotype Service, 103 Regent Street, Sydney for the publishers Transport Publishing Co. Pty. Ltd., of 26 Hunter Street, Sydney. Wholesale Distributor*: Gordon & Gotch, (Australasia) Ltd. Missing Page: Inside Back Cover If you own this magazine, and would like to contribute, please email us the image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to: info@pulpmags. org Saddle Up with a "Sporting Western” T A he existing si^oense ond fhe sudden deoth of **>« old West hqs cootured the imag<notion like no other era ir* history and even ro-dov Western Stories --ate the interest omong fiction tons You con be Sure O* a Sport ng Western—sure that rh® author knows his West and can take you too. ro the land o* sage brush and six guns • and grip /Ou with the tense dromo thot goes hand m glove with every ' Wpsrern Sago With authors 'ike Hamilton Pock Tod Conrad Wilton West	Colt Drnby Glen Cody	Steve* Arthur and many other sons of tne true pioneering dovs—-f'de the range with the "SPORTING WESTERNS” (-or the besr golcJarned reading you ever got from any bookstall or newsogent, osk for sporting westerns -and their biQ brother, the BuMseye Western Monthly Magazine