»y KAUfilG. There was a sadden splash, a flash of silver in the air, and ,a shout from Lafe,' for" Jack Lightfoot had actually hooked the foxy old trout of the swimming-hole. ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................Ill.....  Pflh IfihorC \|/\f n "Teach the American boy how to beoome on athlete, and lay the fouodatioa tor a Constitution treater than that *	of the United States."—Wise sayings from “Tip Top." There ha* never been a time when the boys ol this great country took to keen an Interest In ail manly and health-gl ving sports os they do to-day. As proof ol this witness the record-breaking throngs that attend college struggles on the gridiron, as well as athletic and baseball games, and other tests of endurance and aklll. In a multitude of other channels this love for tlie “life strenuous" is making Itself manifest, so that, as a natfon, we are rapidly forging to the front as seekers of honest sport. Recognizing this “handwriting on the wall,” we have concluded that the time has arrived to give this vast army of young en- thusiasts a publication devoted exclusively to invigorating out-door life. We feel we arc Justified In anticipating a warm response from our sturdy American boys, who are sure to revel ia the stirring phases of sport and adventure, through which our characters pass from week to week. ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY Issued Weekly. By Subscription Sijo per year. Entered according to Act oj Congress in the year iqos, in the Office of the Librarian of Congress, Washington, D. C, by The Winner Library Co., a Duane St., New York, if. V. No, 5. NEW YORK, March II, 1905. Price Five Cents. JACK LIGHTFOOT IN THE WOODS; OR, Taking the Hermit Trout of Simm’s Hole. By MAURICE STEVENS. CHARACTERS IN THIS STORY. Jack Lightfoot, the best all-round athlete in Cranford/or vicinity, leader in all the sports Young America delights in—a boy who in learning to conqner himself put the power into his hands 10 jwrest victory from others. Tom Lightfoot, Jack’s cousin, and sometimes his rival; though their striving for the mastery was always of the friendly, generous kind. Tom was called the “ Rook- Worm " by his fellows, on ac- count of his love for studying such secrets of nature nt practical observers have discovered and published; so that he possessed a -3 lund of general knowledge calculated to prove useful when his wandering spirit took him abroad into strange lands. Ned Skeen, of impulsive, nervous temperament. One of those who followed the newcomer, Birkett. being dazzled by the dash of his manner, and the free way in which he flung money around. Nnt Kimball, an undersized fellow, whose liobby was the study of jiu-jitsu, and who had a dread of germs. Lafe Lompton, a big, hulking chap, with an ever present craving tor something to eat. Lafe always bad his appetite along, ana proved a stanch friend of our hero through thick apd thin. Boh Brewster, a brawny lad, against whom Kimball tried his Jup tricks with poor results. Saul Messenger, one of Jack’s cronies, nnd called ” Fighting Saul'' by his mates. Nicholas Flint, who had a rod in pickle for Jack. Bat Arnold, Flint’s ally in mischief making. Kennedy, the town constable. Peleg Brown, an odd chnrncterliv;ti~nenr the “ole swimnun* froi*)’1 Jerry Mulligan, tho jolly owner of a uv^t iiid horse. Ecn Bran, who delights to play the wild man, and scare honest people by appearing as a ghost. CHAPTER I. THE HAUNTKD GYM. Whack, crack 1 whack, crack 1 Lub-bnib-blub! Bang! Thump! These were the sounds that came from the gymnaT sium over the old carriage shop and caused Jack Light- foot and the boys with him to jump for the doorway, fof the purpose of investigating. “Howling mackerels!” Ned Skeen gasped, as the sounds continued. “Hear that? It’s getting worse.” Even lazy Liafe Lampton was stirred into a quick run. The hoys had bfcen near the gym, on their, way to fit for a meeting ef the high-school athletic club was to be held there that night. ALL-SPORTS They had expected to light the lamps and get the fire to going well in the big stove, so that everything would be comfortable when the other members ar- lived. Thump! Crack! Blub-rub-bubt Whang, thump! “Jiminy crickets!” said Lafe. “Somebody’s got in there and i§ smashing everything up for us.” That was the* thought of all. They knew they had some enemies in Cranford; and they suspected these evil wishers, 'rather than any of their rivals of the Crarflord Academy club. Yet there w-ere some members of the academy or- ganization who were mean enough, they belieyed, to do1 ^that very thing—smash up the apparatus in thehigh- school gym. It may be well to explain to any who have not ’read the previous stories in this series that the "gymnasium, spoken of here as the high-school gym, did not belong to^the high school in any proper sense, but to the club of young students, whose captain and leader was Jack Lightfoot. 'I he club room arid gym occupied the upper floor Of an old ind abandoned carriage shop, and was given, rent free, to the boys by Norwell Strawn, proprietor of Strawn’s, dry-goods store, whose daughter, Kate, had been saved from drowning by Jack Lightfoot at a time when she skated into a hole in the ice of Cran- ford Lake. “Wow! the scamp must be tearing the doors down!” said Bob Brewster, the big, red-haired giant of the Club. “K 1 get -my grippers on him I’ll twist his neck.” “We’ll paste him for that, fellows!” cried Ned Skeen. Jack Lightfoot had done more running than talking, and reached the door first. He fitted the k$y quickly tfe the lock and Ihmgyfhe door open. LIBRARY. Then the boys raced for the stairs that led ta tt upper floor.	' Before they gained the stairway the sounds ha ceased. “Go outside, some of you,” Jack commanded. may try to get out by the windows and jump dovi from $he shed roof.” Bill- Brewster and Nat Kimball turned back, IN fairly falling on himself as hp struggled to get out the door quickly. Jack mounted lightly to the top floor, witht N. Skeen and Lafe Lampton at his heels. The gym was still dark—so dark that when th reached the door'-at the head of the stairs and' hi thrown it open.they could not.even see the furnishing They stood there a moment, breathing hard and ] tening. There was not a sound, other than what they ma themselves. “Look lively out there; don’t let him get off t roof I” Jack shouted this to the boys outside. Then, with trembling fingers, he struck a match. One of the'kerosene lamps used In lighting th«jgj was on a stand by the door, and when the flamC of t match revealed nothing he lit the lamp. “Hq isn’t in here!” said Skeen, and turned to C scend the stairs, in Order to watch from the outside! In doing so he stumbled and fell half the lengtM the stairway, bringing up at the. bottom with a clattj “Any bones broke?” Jack queried. “N-no; I’m alltight!” With a sense of relief they heard him leap up, I One of the boys outside, having heard that clatti came bounding through the doorway. “Stay outside!” Skeen bellowed at him. “I doi think he’s in the gym.” “Then he’s on the roof,” Brewster was heard tor c ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY: cfare. “He hasn’t got off bf it, for we’ve beefr watch- ing*1 Jack now advanced into the gymnasium, holding the lamp before him, and was followed by Lafe Lampton. When he had proceeded a yard or two he stopped and looked about, trying to flash the light into the dark corners. Both Jack and Lafe had a nervous feeling, that was not fear, as they expected momentarily to see $he au- thor of those strange sounds bounce out of some cor- ner and leap for the stairway, or for a: window. When nothing of the kind happened Jack went on igain, holding up the lamp. They crossed the room, discovering nothing. “No one in here !” said Lafe. “No!” “What’s become of him ?” Jack walked up to a pile of boards, from which some lew gymnastic apparatus was to be made by |he club nembers. He looked behind this; then swept his glance round the whole of the room. What surprised him as much as anything was that lot a thing within the. gym seemed to have been dis- urbed. The Indian clubs, dumb-bells, leaping pad, rhairs, in fact all the movable articles, were in place, ind appeared not to have been touched. Jack was mystified. Going to the nearest window opening upon the shed roof, .he looked out On the shed. As before, Lafe followed him, and also looked out. The night was rather dark, though stars were shin- ing. “There’s no one on. the shed, I think,” said Jack. Then he called to the boys below; “You must have 1st the fellow get by you ]” “Not on your life we didn’t!” came the answer. “Well, there’s no one here.”	* “Oh, he’s in there somewhere.” Jack withdrew his head, and made another search of the gym, with the same result. “There’s nobody in here, and I know it!” Lafe de- clared, when they had gone over the whole upper flooi- three or four times. “You’re right; there’s,no one here.” “And nobody on the shed roof.” “We couldn’t see anyone there.” Lafe whistled. “Jiminy crickets, this is queer !’*- “Too queer for anything,” admitted Jack, feeling undeniably foolish and nervous. “He must be either here or an the shed roof, or else he got. away.” “He might be in the room below,” Lafe suggested. It seemed almost impossible that this could be so; for the boys had been almost at the foot of the stairs before the strange whacking and thumping in the gym had ceased. Nevertheless, Lafe lighted a lamp, and with fhis in his hand he. went downstairs and began a search through the old carriage shop. Jack went to the window again, and informed the boy^ of what Lafe was doing, and asked them to still keep a sharp lookout. By and by he. went himself down intQ the lower room, carrying his lamp, but leaving another one lighted in the gymnasium. The boys outside were in a state of, mingled suspense and mystified curiosity. It seemed to them that any- thing might happen now. On the lower floor were stored some old buggies, wagons and broken-down carriages, together with rusty tires, splintered wheels, and the like. Jack searched all over this lower floor, accompanied by Lafe, and did not stop until it was certain no one was hiding there. Then he went to the door. "Well, this is a puzzler, fellows! There isn’t a soul upstairs nor down. There’s no other place that chap 4	AtL-SPORTS could have gone to; so he must have slipped out upon the shed roof. I’m going up to the gym and climb out on that roof. If he’s there I’ll find him.” "Look out that he don’t tackle you and pitch you off,” Skeen warned. “He must be on that roof,*’ said Jack, “unless you let him hop down and skip out here right under your noses.” “Not so much as a mouse hopped down'here!” Nat Kimball asserted. Jack went again into the gymnasium and climbed out on the shed roof. He took with him a lantern, not willing to trust his sight in that poor light; and with this means of illumi- nation, he searched the shed roof from one end to the other. “Nothing up here!” he shouted. “Howling mackerels!” cried Skeen, who was now in a nervous fever. Jack retraced his way to the gym, and closed the window. Then he went downstairs again. “Fellows,” he said, and his tone was serious, “where did that chap go? It’s a riddle, and I’m not good at guessing.” Even yet the boys were not willing to believe that the person, who had invaded the gym and made all that noise, could have escaped from the building; and they proposed a further search. % Other members of the club began to arrive, and they joined in this search when they heard the strange and startling story. Upstairs and downstairs, on the shed roof, under and in the old buggies and carriages, the club members looked. When at length they gave it up as hopeless, and gathered in the gymnasium, with nearly every mem- ber present now, some of them had passed from aston- ishment to superstition. LIBRARY. Arlo Kilfoyle gave voice to what some of the others were beginning to think, when he said : “It looks to me as if the old place must be haunted!” “Haunted, your granny!” cried Nat Kimball. "Well, you believe in things as queer as that!” “What? Tell me what?” “Germs, for instance.” “Well, that’s science and common sense. Everybody knows there are germs, and a lot of them; but whoever saw a ghost ?” “Whoever saw a germ?” “They can’t be seen, of course, without a micro-” “And ghosts can’t be seen unless you’re in a propelj condition to see them!” Jack Lightfoot laughed. “We must have been in proper condition to head them to-night!” “That’s just it; you were!” “All of us?” “Every one of you.” Jack laughed again, for Kilfoyle seemed to be in sober earnest. "Oh, that’s all rot!” said Lafe Lampton. He took out an apple, which he split open with his hands, intending to give Jhalf to thd boy who sat nex to him. Then everyone laughed, when they saw the twc halves of the apple. “That’s rot, all right—that apple!” cried Skeen. Lafe opened the door of the stove, in Much a fim was now roaring, and tossed the rotten apple into it “It’s all rot about ghosts.” “Well, then, Smarty, you explain what made thosd , noises!” said Kilfoyle. “There was some one in here! according to your own story; but when you came lie jvasn’t in here, and he had no chance to get out.” Kilfoyle looked round; and then almost fell out of his chair, as a strange sound seemed to come from thd floor beneath him. ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. It was like a groan. “Say,” cried Nat Kimball, anxiously and almost ingrily, ‘Jif any of you fellows have been practicing up on ventriloquism and are trying it here I don’t think it’s smart of you.” All declared their innocence. Nat happened to think of ventriloquism, because, in iddition to his jiu-jitsu studies, he had been poring over some pamphlets that professed to explain the methods of the ventriloquist. 1 All sat listening, Kilfoyle with his eyes wide open in a glassy stare of fright. Nothing more was heard, however. , Kilfoyle got up. “I’m going home,” he said. “You fellows can stay here as long\as you please.” He arose and beat a retreat to the staifway, and then drew back when he observed that the lower floor was linlighted. Taking a lamp, he descended with it; and, leaving it on the floor of the lower room, he departed from the old carriage shop, to tell the story of the strange “manifestations.” The other boys remained, talking the thing over seriously. But the mystery was not to be solved by talk. When, at a rather late hour for the club, whose members tried to reach home early after a meeting, they had left the building and were proceeding up the street, their ears were again assailed by those mys- terious noises. Whack! bang! Blub-bub-blub! Thump! bang! They ran back as quickly as they could; and again, while the outside of the shop was guarded, another Search was made. This search resulted as before. Nothing could be found, and nothing further was heard. There were no evidences, the next morning, that the carriage shop had been visited, except by the club members, and not a thing could be discovered that would give the slightest clew to what appeared to be an impenetrable mystery. And, as a result, fnore than one aged woman and man in Cranford stood ready to declare that the old carriage shop was haunted; and they told tales of strange happenings in the shop in days gone by, and especially dilated on the fact that the man who bflilt the shop and ran it at first had fallen into the lake one night and been drowned, and his bodv had never been recovered. A more than a ten-days sensation in Cranford seemed to be promised. CHAPTER II. PRACTICE ON THE DIAMOND. The call of spring was stirring in the blood of the boys of the high-school athletic club, as they gathered ,on the diamond, in the old fair grounds, where the athletic events had been pulled off in the recent tourna- ment. Signs of spring were becoming apparent. The snow was gone, the lake and the rivers were clear of ice, and robins were hopping about in search of worms, perking their heads and looking wisely at the passers-by. Yet, in our changeable climate, winter might return with a suddenness that would cause these signs to be forgotten, and the land might be covered again with snow. But the high-school boys did not think this likely; and as they stood about, and the ball was thrown from one to another, while bats were flourished, they began to talk of the trip into the woods, which they had planned should take place as soon as the weather was fit. “By hemlock, I know the fish air bitin’ I” said Jubal 6	all-sport# library. Marlin, spreading his wide, good-humored Yankee	Jube grinned in a pleased way. mouth in a grin.	“-We’ll put you ifl the outfield,” said Jack. | Marlin attended the high school only when he felt	a good thrower, like it, and that made him a very irregular student,	Jube grinned again; and the ball being sent , indeed. '	by Bob Brewster, he proceeded to “knock the c Yet, as h# could play baseball pretty well, arjd,w?S	of it?’ by lifting a high fly, which Ned Ske eligible for membership in the high-school athletic	without trouble, club, he had been chosen as one of the substitute pl^y- ere, and was on the diamond that day for the first prac- tice work of the season. Ned Skeen slapped a, hand to his cheek. ‘•Judgment!" Skeen howled. “Out!” yelled Lafe Lampton, his mouth fille apple. “Give him another, Bob,” said Jack, as the “Howling mackerels, spring is here, fellows! thrown to Brewster, “and let’s see if he can land the left field.” “l ean land it any .old place,” said Jube, witHar grin.	t Crack! His bat struck the ball, and again he kne high fly, which Skeen again smothered. ‘Howling mackerels, baseball practice tingle There'S;.the' first mosquito!” “Yeou got the first bite!” said Jubal. “I allow yeou’Il make a record when jyj; go fishin’.” • ‘“I think I’d like a bite.” .It wa? Lafe Lampfon who spoke, and the inevitable apple came out of his pocket. “How long is that barrel of apples your folks bought last fall going to last?” Jack Lightfoot asked, as Lafe heart all up!” said Skeen, as be sent the ball to bit into his prize,	ster. V	'	' t	'4 “Barrel ! We bought ten barrels last fall.”	La,fe threw down his apple core and got behir “And you’ve eaten the most of-them.”	batter. “Well, you fellows helped.”	Jack Lightfoot went down to the pitcher's box, He broke the apple in two and handed a half to the tak‘n& theb^ll, sent in a twister.' boy nearest him, as was his, habit; then took another Knock the cover off this f” he invited, bite out of the portion he had reserved for himself.	Jubal, with a left-handed swing, drove “By gravy, ! feel strong enough tew knock the cover b“* * dipped downward as he struck, and he fa off’n.that c*e ball, this momin’!” said Jubal, swinging ^ a’r' his bat at an imaginary ball. “Just send it over here, He 8Tihned> as before- fellers, and see me paste it” He swung the bat left-handed. “You ought to be a good run-getter, Jube,” Jack remarked. “A'/ left-handed batter Has .a®- advantage over a right-handed one. He is likely td? trouble the Oh, that ain t fair! That didn’t come straight.; “Try this, then.’* Jack threw another drop, but a slow one, this Jube struck at it before it reached the plate. Judgment!” roared Ned Skeen, falling bac pitcher, m the first place; anct then he has the advan-	-tM new green grass and kicking his heels ii> the ai .age of a fine start from the home plate after hitting the “Two-strikes!” said BUI Brewster, volumeerii bad, afid if he is a good runner he will make first base	umpire. •twenty per cent oftener than a right-handed man,”	«Veou can't dew. that ag'in,” Jubal declared. ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY.	7 Jack threto another. It came like a bullet, and twisted to tile right, and igain Jubal threshed his club through the empty at •nosphere. “Out 1 Three strikes and out!” “Now, I’ll give you an easy pne,” said Jack, “and I vant you to try to bunt it. A left-handed batter has 1 good chance, if he can stop the ball with skill; he :;in, if he is quick, bunt 4he ball and, be away from he plate before it hits the ground. Now, look out; eady!” He sent in an “easy one,” but it was high, and Jubal ailed to get it. But he did better the next time, and bunting the ball lown in front of the plate, he was able to reach first. “You’ve got to look lively there, Lafe,” Jack warned. ‘No time for apple eating.” Lafe Lampton walked out leisurely, and as leisurely hrew the ball down to the box. “But this isn’t a real game,” lie urged. “No, it isn’t—just practice; but if we’re slovenly nd slow in practice we’ll be that way when we go nto a real game. Quickness, alertness and sureness— hose are the things 'that count.” Nat Kimball took u£ the club and stepped into posi- ion. “What’s the best way to stand ?v he asked, as he aced the pitcher. “That depends on the rrlan,” Jack answered. “Some ike to stand as cloge up to the plate as the rules will How; others stand away from it a little. There used o	be a professional player on the Bostons who §tood tearly three feet away from the plate, an,d he was a freat batter; but he was a remarkable exception.” He was turning the ball round in his hands as he alked, and, looking at Kimball. “That's a pretty good position you’ve got now,” he aid. “But remember one £hing, you’re to watch me. f I \yere pitching in a game I'd try to throw ypu just the 4$nd of ball you weren’t looking for; or, if I had found out what was the hardest ball for'you to bat, I might throw you that. If you keep your eyes w# peeled you can often detect a curve, just as it breaks it\ its course, and have tifne to land on the ball.” He threw, with a quick jerk, and the ball coming straight, though with good speed, Kimball cracked it ojit into left field. Arlo Kilfoyle, who •fais Out’ there, fumbled it; and almost fell down, and Kimball took second. Kimball, on second, began to look for a chance to steal. Jack spoke to him. “There’s: just one thing, Kimball, I want to call your attention t6 now. When you-hit th%ball and get away for: first, never look back to see where the ball has gone^ judge that from the action of the first baseman. You slowed up, when yot) looked back, atid you might have been put Out.” “But I made second !” Kimball argued. “True, you did, this time. But I’m giving you rules to cover your base running generally. Thus the practice oh the diamond went on; and all the while Jack Lightfoot was carefully sizing up his men, and judging as best he could, in what positions they would be able to d6 their best work. All kinds of sports, and baseball especially, seemed % ■ * to come as a natural knaek to Jack Lightfoot; yet no boy in Cranford had studied the game-jnore closely, or practiced more assiduously. In addition to this he was -a barn leader, knowing hoW to get the best, work put of those under him; and, though he had his, failings, as most boyS have, he had innumerable good qualities to offset them. The entire time of. the boys was riot given, however, to practice and the discussion of the rules and the fine points of ball playing. They could not get out of. their minds the strange occurrences in the gymnasium the preceding evening. 8 ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. “Oh, this talk that the gym is haunted by the ghost of that old fellow who was drowned, and who first owned the building, is the worst kind of rot!” said Lafe, emphasizing his belief by a wise shake of his head. “Well, I’d just like to meet the guy who is trying to be smart in that way,” was the assertion of fighting Saul Messenger. “We’ll watch for him to-night,” said Jack. “I’ve already spoken to Kennedy, and he’s going to keep an eye out down there, to see if he can discover anybody lurking round the building.” None of the fellows, not even Arlo Kilfoyle, was willing to believe now that there was anything super- natural in the noi^s they had heard, strange as those noises had been. Daylight had strengthened Kilfoyle’s nerves. Ghosts are never seen by daylight, and even the most superstitious feels that he can defy them when the sun is shining brightly over his head. “Still, fellows, the thing was awfully queer!” Nat Kimball asserted. “Howling mackerels, queer was no name for it!” said Ned Skeen. And everyone there could agree to that. CHAPTER III. A PAIR OF PLOTTERS. Nicholas Flint, dark, sinister of features, with high cheek bones, and black eyes that glittered like those of an Apache, was making his way across lots, some dis- tance above the diamond. His way lay between the old fair grounds, where the high-school boys were practicing, and the railway, that ran from east to west through the town of Cran- ford. From his higher elevation he could look down into the fair grounds and see the boys, as he had already heard them. As he looked, the black eyes glowed aVid snapped with hidden fire. Flint did not like Jack Lightfoot. “It will do me good to get a chance to punch the head off of that guy!” he muttered, standing in the open lot and looking down at the pitcher’s box, froir which Jack was handing out those practice balls. “He thinks he’s too smart for anything! Oh, I’ll hammei him!” Flint’s particular grievance at this time was thai Jack had refused to let him substitute on the new high-school nine. He did not attend school much, but he fancied tha- this should not disqualify him. It did not, in truth, for Jube Marlin, who could no be called a regular school attendant, was on the list o: substitutes. What disqualified Nicholas Flint, in Jack’s estima tion, was his utter unreliability, his untruthfulness, hi: quarrelsome disposition, and the fact that, altogether he was about as unpromising a boy as could be chosen for he was no ball player, and likely never could be come one. What Jack Lightfoot sought for, was good basebal material; and while he was glad to have his friends 01 the nine, if they were good players, he would not evei put a chum on, unless that boy could add strength U the nine. I And, certainly, if he would not put on a friend wlv was a poor player, he would not Tise so wretched i athlete as Nicholas Flint, just to please him and avo his anger. “When I get through with him he won’t be at to lift his arm above his head, let alone pitch a ball* Flint threatened, mouthing away to himself in his ra as he walked on. “Oh, I’ll hammer him!” Then he stopped; for, coming to a little hollov where the sun beat in warmly against a stone, he s ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY.	o lying there the one boy he was just tnen anxious to see —Bat Arnold. ‘‘Hello!” said Bat, looking up lazily, for the warm sunshine made him feel indolent. Nick Flint glanced quickly around, and then dropped as quickly into the cavity where Bat lay. “I’ve been watching the high-school crowd down there,” said Bat; then added, in an ironical way—“you pught to be on that nine!” Nick did not catch the irony in this; he thought the Itvords were spoken in sober earnest. "I would have been, but for that puppy, Jack Light toot!” Bat laughed lazily. “Oh, I mean it! I wanted to play substitute. You mow I can run!” continued Flint. “Oh, you can run, all right!” admitted Bat, laughing gain, when he remembered that he had once seen Nick running like a sprinter from Kennedy, the night \yatch- nan. “What are you laughing about? I don’t see any- hing funny.” “I don’t see anything funny—but you!” “Me?” ; “Yes, it’s funny that you should imagine for a min- lte that Jack Lightfoot would let^you sub. He’d never lo it. You don’t belong in his crowd; you ain’t fine- taired enough. You’ve got to be swell and away up, rou know; a nice little, clean little, honest little boy, to iplay with such a darling as Jack Lightfoot!” He spoke with a sneer; then laughed again, in a way o	foake Flint’s dark cheeks flush. “Jube Marlin isn’t swell, or rich, or away up; and, irhen you come to that, Jack’s mother hasn’t got any noney much, that I ever heard of!” “Oh. well, you can be swell without money. Comb 'our hair nice, you know, and get the girls to thipk 'ou’rc it, and the ladies to speak sweet things about you, and you are all right. I know!” There was little danger that the ladies of Cranford, or anyone else, would be likely to speak in very favor- able terms of Bat Arnold, if he did not mend his^ways and his disposition; but Bat did not think of that. Flint looked down upon the diamond, that flush on his face, and his black eyes snapping. Then he shoved a hand into his pocket. When it came out it held a hundred dollars in green backs. Bat Arnold’s eyes rounded, and he stared in amaze- ment. He had never seen Flint with so much money, and felt sure he had not come by it honestly. • The sight of those bills almost frightened him. “Where did you get that?” he asked, in awe. Flint counted out five ten-dollar bills, and threw them to him. “What do you want me to do with them ?” “They’re yours.” “To keep?” “Yes, to keep—perhaps.” “Where’d you get ’em ; that’s what I want to know ?” “Oh, don’t look at ’em that way; they’re not coun- terfeit !” '“But where did you get ’em ” Flint' took them again, and held them alluringly in his hands. “How would you like to have this fifty dollars, and fifty more on top of it ?” A covetous look came into Bat’s eyes, and he thrust out his roiyd, bullet head significantly. “Try me,” he said, at length. “What you got up your sleeve ?” Flint wadded the bills together. “I know of a feller who’ll give that much, and more, to have Jack Lightfoot done up.” “Killed?” Bat gasped. * “No, of course not.” “What’s he want done?” f IO "Well, if we thump the very old tar Out of Lightfoot the feller I'm speaking of will he satisfied.’ uU this chap a man?** ‘'‘Yes, he’s a man.” "Why don’t he do it himself, then ?” "That’s his business!” “See "here, did somebody give you that money just to get you to whip Jack Lightfoot P^' "He wants him more than whipped; he wants him <fsed op.” -	“What for?*’ ‘‘That’s his business 1” Bat /rrnold lo6ked incredulous. “I'll bet I know who tlfat man is he~3aid, finally. \ "I’ll bet you don't!” “It’s Prof. Sanderson.” Flint stuck his tongue in his cheek and winked. “Go ahead with your guessin’.” “I know it’s Sanderson.” “Would he take such a risk?” "He don’t like Jack.” “But would he take such a risk? The people of Cranford wouldn't stand for a thing like that.” "If they didn’t know. Ah! come; it’s Sanderson!” Nick Flint winked again. fit’s no difference to you, is it, who hands over the swag, if you get if ?”' 'Bat Arnold was silent again, thinking'this over. He had discovered that Prof. Sanderson, of the Cranford Academy, did not like Jack Lightfoot. Yet it did not seem to him that Sanderson would be such a fool as to risk his position and hi$ popularity by such an undertaking as Nicholas Flint had outlined. ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. “That’s what I said, didn’t I ? For the season! j wants to be made.a subject for a doctor and a pital. ftot any little cheap thrashing, but a regt hammering, that will simply half kill him.” “So that- he won’t be in shape to lead his athle team this summer and beat the academy boya at b* ball ? Is that the ticket?” Bat was still thinking that the man who wanted ti done must be Prof. Sanderson, who would natural not like to have Jack Lightfoot head a nine that wot lay it over the nine from the academy. “I’m not giving this thing away,” said Nick FTj “Fve told you all you need to know.” “Why dfdn’t you take the contract, instead of ca ing to me with it? Then you’d had the wholfl ti hundred.” Flint’s Apache face flushed again. “You knew you wasn’t equal to the undertaking, guess!” “Think what you please,” said Flint. “Do you; into this thing with me, or not? I’ve told you all T going to. Here’s a hundred, and you can have b of it right now. When Jack is polished off in go shape there’s to be another hundred, and you can ha half of that.” Bat Arnold twiste^ uneasily on the grass. Plucki onfe of the grass blades, he set it between his tei and chewed at it reflectively. “Say,” he said, suddenly, “is the; feller that g3 you that the one who kicked up that hullabaloo Lightfoot’s gym last night ?" ‘Do you think Sanderson would have done thattf 'I hadn t thought so, no; but it came to me ti maybe this millionaire that’s throwin’ his money roi “You won’t say it’s Sanderson?’' “I won’t confess who it is. All I’ll say is, that here -So free might be the feller that kicked up the racket is a hundred dollars, and there’s to be a hundred more, the gym.” »hen Jack Lightfoot is |™t out of business for th? . Nicholas Flint again stuck his tongue into his ch and winked knowingly. - Bat, what you don’t know will never hurt you!' season. “For the season ? • t	• V.'	. "> “What do .you mean by that ?’-' “That if you don't know too much, you’ll not have to 'tell too much, if our game f%|ls through and ye get caught. If anything happens, I’m a regular Know Nothing? I never heard of any man, nor ghost in the gym, never saw any money, haven’t the slightest knowledge of Prof. Sanderson—don’t kpow anything. I simply join the Know Nothings, and keep my mouth phut. You might be leaky; and that’s why I’m not going to tell you any more-than I’ve got to.” Bat Arnold did not like this plain speaking. “Can’t you trust me?” "Sure; I’m trusting you, when I stand ready to * hand over this fifty dollars to you!” “You ought to tell me the whole thing,” Bat in- listed. “I won’t. I’ll tell you this, though. I£ X felt sure I could handle Jack Lightfoot .alone I wouldn’t have tome to you. I’m offering to divide with y<su to get your help. Might’s well be frank, you know!” :£Sat Arnold rose, to his feet, as if angered; then, thinking better of it, or longing too much for that pioney, he dropped down again. “How’s this going to be done?” he asked. “Are you ready to go into it with me? I want to know that first.” “Maybe.” * “You haven’t any- cause to like Jack Lightfoot any nore than I have. He’s done you mean, just as he »as me. He thinks he’s away above you, and looks lown on you; you’re no better than the djrt under-his eet, to him.”	I He was appealing now to the baser feelings of the oy he was trying to overpersuade. ^He didn’t treat me bad, at the time of the tourna- ientI” said Bat. “And another thing—you want th^ academy nine to l’>n in the games that are being talked of for this eason. Knock Jack out^ so that he can’t play, and can’t lead his nine, and your fellows of the academy will have a'walk-over.” “Oh, we can beat those high-school scrubs, any- how !” Bat; boasted. “Well, you’ll see.” “Jack didn’t do such-a-much in the baseball games last season.” “He batted your fellows out of the box, in-the next to the last game; and in the last game he simply struck you out like one—two—three I was there, and I saw it.” “Oh, h^ can’t do it again! He’s got a nine that will go to pieces, all right, all right!’’ Nicholas Flint began to lose his patience. He stuck the money into his pocket. “All right,” he said If you don’t want that hun- dred dollars J can find a, fellow who does. And if you say anything of what Tve said to you about it> why, then, you and I will mix, and I’ll pound your face off.” Bat Arnold chewed hard on the grass blade, and ignored this. He wanted that hundred dollars. “You haven’t told me how this thing is to be done?” he reminded. “Well, I’ll tell you. Lightfoot and his friends are going on an outing into the woods, down by Simm’s Hole. We’ll lay for him down there.” “Is that the only plan you’ve got ?” “I’ve got some other things in my mind, but I’m going out to Simm’s Hole first and take a look around before I’m ready to say what they are. Does that satisfy you ?” Bat Arnold did not answer at once. The good and the bad in him were struggling for supremacy. He wanted that money, but he did not like the mean? that were proposed to enable him to get it; and*.worse ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. than that, he did not want to do anything that might get him into trouble with the officers of the law. “I feel sure of one thing!” he declared. “What is it?” “For all that you won’t say it, I’ll bet Prof. San- derson is back of this thing, and that he knows all about that monkey business in the gym last night. That was done to scare Lightfoot’s crowd. I don’t see what it amounts to, though. What does it accomplish, if they do get frightened by that?” Nick Flint again winked, and thrust his tongue knowingly into his cheek. “Bat, what you don’t know will never hurt you!” he said again. And he would explain no further. “Will you go into it?” he demanded, finally. “Ye-yes, I think I will; but I’ll tell you to-night.” “You never had a chance to make a hundred dollars so easy,” Flint urged. “Make up your mind quick. I’m going down to Simm’s Hole this afternoon, and when I get back I must have an answer. If you don’t want the hundred dollars, I know of a fellow who’ll be glad to finger it, and do what I want done.” CHAPTER IV. A REQUEST. One of the places in which Jack Lightfoot loved to work and to study was the shed room, at home. It was back of the house, and connected with it, so that it was a part of the building. Being warmed by a good stove in winter; there Jack had his books, his tools and workbench, and some gymnastic apparatus, which he had used industriously long before the gift of Norwell Strawn m^de the upper floor of the old carriage shop into a gymnasium. Here came Tom Lightfoot, Jack’s cousin, Lafe Lampton, and others of Jack’s friends, to talk and while away spare hours, and to study, or use the work- bench and the tools. Jack’s'friends found the shed room a pleasant pla whether in summer or in winter, and Jack Lightfc pleasant company a«d a stanch friend at all times! Lafe Lampton chanced tp be in the shed room on t particular afternoon, talking with Jack of the pract Work of the morning, and of the mysterious happi ings in the gymnasium the night before. Suddenly a man came round the neat, white-pain' house, having admitted himself into the yard by • front gate, and, advancing to the door of the si room, knocked on it. Lafe got up and opened the door. The man who stood there was a singular characl known throughout the county as Deaf Peleg. I name was Peleg Brown. He lived in a cabin not far from Simm’s Hole, £ made his living, such as it was, by a little garden: and a good deal of hunting and fishing, with oc sional trapping in the fall and winter. Peleg stood hesitating in the doorway, then ca into the shed room. “No use to ask him what he wants,” said Lafe; so deaf he couldn’t hear thunder.” Peleg walked straight across to the writing desk the further end of the room, where the window g: a good light and a bookshelf showed its volumes; i stooping over the desk began to \frrite on some pa he found there. Thus bent over and scribbling away, he presente queer figure. Though the day had been warm, he was muffled had on an overcoat, a red woolen “comforter” roi his neck, and his cap pulled down over his ears. He wore no more beard than an Indian, his sn face had a cunning look, something like that of a f and his little eyes seemed to want to hide themselve: their deep sockets, \ In addition, Peleg was toothless; and, though could not speak, for he was dumb as well as deafj ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. unched his toothless jaws together, as if he were png to say something, whenever he was communi- ,ting with anyone, either by signs or written words. Having scribbled for some time at the writing desk, eleg came hack toward Jack Lightfoot, working"*his ws as he came, and then thrust out the paper he had ritten. Both Jack and Lafe read it, and it was a singular id startling communication. Here it is, just as old Peleg wrote it: “Twict I have seen a ghost at my house. Night fore last he came ahd stud by my bed. Last night ic come again. I was by my pig pen, feedin’ my g: and he come and stud by the corner of the pen.” ♦ “Jiminy crickets!” said Lafe Lampton. Jack took the paper and wrote: PTell us more. What did he look like?” Then Peleg wrote: PHe was tall; hadn’t any head nor any neck, but ent straight up like a stovepipe from his shoulders.” ■	“Jiminy crickets!” said Lafe. I Again Jack wrote. ■	‘‘What did he do?” ■	"Nothing,” was the answer. If Nice ghost,” said Lafe, commenting. ■Jack wrote: IfDid you see him good; and what do you want p to do ?” ■Seen him all right,” wrote Peleg, “and I want you fcicome out and see him, too, to-night, or soon’s you ■Do you believe in ghosts?” Jack asked, writing le question. I“I do, h*vin’ seen one; you come out and take a fck; and if it is a man help me trap him.” ■Then he isn’t sure that it is a ghost,” said Lafe. Me isn’t as bfg a fool as he looks.” ■Peleg wrote other things, but they did not add to the jnre of information already furnished. 13 Jack wrote once more: “We’re coming out to Simm's Hole, to camp and fish. I’ll hurry the trip, so that we can get to see your ghost.” Then Peleg departed, and the boys sat down to talk it over. “I’m getting all balled up,” Lafe acknowledged; and he took out an apple and set his teeth in it, as if fancy- ing that setting his jaws to working would help to limber up the machinery of his mind. “What do you think about it?” he asked, not able to make any good- guess himself. “I don’t know what to think.” “Is there any connection between the ‘ghost’ Peleg says he saw out there, and the noise we heard in the gym last night ?” “It’s queer that Peleg came to me,” said Jack; “or, rather, came to us, here in this room. Why didn’t he go to Kennedy, the constable ?” “Perhaps he did; we didn’t ask him about that.” “I didn’t think of it then; but we’ll find out if he went to Kennedy.” . “t)f course this ghost business is all rot!” said Lafe. “Of course.” “Somebody’s working a trick. Or it may be one person here, and another out there at Simm’s Hole.” “We’ll watch the gym to-night,” said Jack. “If we can get sight of the fellow who is cutting up per- haps we’ll learn more. But, anyway, we’ve planned to go to Simm’s Hole.” Tom Lightfoot came in, and as the written state- ments of the queer deaf mute had been saved, they were shown to him. Tom had not been at the gymnasium the preceding night, but he had heard of the mysterious invader and the strange sounds made. Every person in Cranford had heard these facts. Tom sniffed contemptuously. “I think this whole business, at the gym and down 14	ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. at Simm’s Hole, is just the work of kids, who are trying to have what they’d call fun.” “Tom,” said Lafe, speaking seriously, “you weren’t at the gym last night! The kid who made that racket there must have been a mighty little fellow, to have got out past us without our seeing him, or to have re- mained in there without our discovering him.” “You’d have seen him, probably, if he came out,” Tom admitted. “So it’s certain he stayed in there. There are a lot of old holes in and under those car- riages and buggies.” “We looked everywhere.” ‘'Everywhere but in the right place. Why, you don’t mean to claim that he was neither there nor went away? If he didn’t get out past you, where could he have been but in the gym? Don’t slip a cog -and begin to talk silly!” “Yes, it does sound silly!” Lafe acknowledged. “But I wish you’d been there!” “We’re going to watch for him to-night,” said Jack. “I’ll go with you,” Tom volunteered. CHAPTER V. A WARNING. Jack and Tom Lightfoot, Lafe Lampton and nearly every member of the athletic club of the high school spent several hours that evening in watching the old carriage shop. They first ascertained that no one was in it or about it; and then, hiding out in the darkness, they tried to make sure that no one came near it, or that if anyone came, his identity should be made known. Tom Lightfoot was a student at the academy, and on the nine that was expected to play against Jack Lightfoot’s high-school team that summer. Nevertheless, as Jack’s cousin, and having a warm regard not only for Jack, but for other members of his team, Tom Lightfoot was willing to assist in try- P ing to discover the “ghost” that was troubling th quiet of the high-school boys’ gymnasium. The suggestion, lightly made by some one, that th academy fellows were at the bottom of it he repudiate rather warmly; so that it was not brought up agai that night. While the boys lay out in the gloom, with ever sense on the alert, there came a repetition of the sount heard the night before: Whack! Bang! Blub-rub-bub! Whack! Bang Tom Lightfoot laid his hand on the shoulder of hi cousin Jack, as the two were lying close together. “There it is 1” said Jack. “Some one is in there now, all right,” said Torr starting up. “Keep the place surrounded, and we’ll se * who it is, and what he’s doing.” The cordon of watchers guarded the carriage shop so that no one could leave it or approach it without dis covery; while Tom, Jack and Lafe Lampton, enter© the building, lighted lamps, and made a search. This night they did not find everything upstairs i such perfect order. The leaping pad had been turne over, and the Indiaif clubs were at the other side c the room from the place where they were usually kef “No ghost here!” Tom announced. “And nothing else,” said Jack. It seemed true. No one could be found on the upper floor, dov below, or out on the shed roof; and there were t other places to look. Tom Lightfoot began to feel queer, himself. “This rather gets me, fellows,” he admitted. “We thought it would,” said Lafe, almost ma ciously. “Yet I remember you said that ?f the fell' didn’t get out he was still in. He hasn’t got out; a if he’s still in, I’d be glad to have you show me wh< he is.” Tom scratched his head, as he went downstairs As they came out of the doorway there was an e ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY.	15 Clamation and a cry of excitement; then Ned Skeen cxclaimed: fWe’ve got some one!" 1 “Oh, cut it out!” came in the voice of Bat Arnold. MI just carrre down here to see if you fellows had Idiscovered anything. I heard uptown that you was 1 watchin’ the gym to-night.” I “You didn’t drop off the shed roof?” asked Jack, I flashing a match and looking Bat in the ?ace. I “Off the shed roof? Nixy. I came right down I Ihis street, and if your crowd hadn’t been staring at | the shop they’d have seen me.” I A dozen boys stood ready ter declare that Bat had I cot dropped from the shed roof, though his presence Bbere had somewhat surprised them, for they had not 1 heard his approach. 1 Released, Bat went uptown,, and the watch was re- f But nothing came of it. i The mystery was too deep for easy solution, and the boys went home at last, baffled, though some of them .Jhungr round the carriage shop until nearly midnight. I Jack Lightfoot did not believe in late hours, and went home early, yet he could not sleep, because of ■worrying over the mystery. I He wondered if it had any connection with the Itirigular message brought by the deaf mute. I "We’ll hurry up that outing to Simm’s Hole,” was Jis conclusion. I.	As if his decision had brought it, there was a crash ht fcis window—the crash of a breaking pane—and linmething fell with a thump on the,floor. ’■ Jack was out of bed instantly. f ile ran to the shattered window, but saw no one; A 1 ' whidi was not strange, for the night was cloudy, nor did jhe hear the sound of footsteps. Trembling and startled, he struck a match and flighted his lamp. He saw a small stone on the floor, with a paper wrapped about it and tied there with a string. That was the object that had come through the window. On removing the string and the paper, Jack found a communication. It had not been written; but, to conceal the identity of the- one sending it, letters and words had been cut from newspapers and pasted together into sentences, thus: “DO not Go tO Simm’s hole. YOU Will be IN dan- Ger. take my ADVICE and stay AWAY. St&y Away. THIS is a WARNING, i KNOW what I am TALKing about. STAY AWAY.” Again Jack went to the window and looked out. “Who could have thrown this through the window, and what danger can there be in going to Simm’s Hole?” was his thought. He turned the paper^over and looked at the back, which was blank. Again he went to the window. At first he was disposed to go downstairs and tell his mother what had happened. “No use to disturb her,” was his second thought. “In the morning will do as well.” He did not go to bed again for some time. The shattered glass lay on the floor. This he picked up carefully; and to keep out the chill wind that came through the broken pane he stuffed some clothing in it. Think as he would, he could come to but one con- clusion ; arrd that connected the “danger” with the deaf mute. % “Peleg is a queer old duck, and if this warning is anything more than a joke it must refer to something he is up to. That ghost story of his may have been a lie.” Of course Jack Lightfoot had never suspected that Peleg Brown had seen a ghost; but he was willing to believe that the deaf mute had really beheld some- all-sports library thing, which his superstitious imagination 'had taken for such. Now he doubted even that; and was almost disposed to think, if the warning were not a practical joke, that Peleg was up to some mischief, which the one sending the warning wished to caution him against. “Why couldn’t he have said what it was? This tiling of throwing a stone through my window is sneaking, of itself. It broke the window; and doesn’t tell me anything, more than that there is danger. What kind of danger, and from whom ?” Jack went to bed pondering these questions, and fell asleep before he had arrived at ally conclusion. CHAPTER VI. IN TEE WaODS. "In the good ojd suij-.mer time, In the good old summer time, Rambling down a shady lane With your Baby Ajjnel You hold her Iwnd, and-” “Cut it out!” said LafiTfcampton, speaking to Nat Kimball, “the sweet warbler of Simm’s Plole,” as the hoys called him; “this-isn't summer time—it’s spring!” ■"And we didn't think he’d spring that on us I” added Ned Skeen. Jack had disregarded the warning so strangely sent him, and was at Simm’s Hole, with his friends. The day was glorious; not a fleck of cloud in the’ azure sky, a warm wind, and the budding trees send- ing out woodsy odors. Simm’s Hole lay to the westward of tKfe town of Cranford, two or three mil^s distant. Laurel River, heading up in the hills, flowed into the western end of Cranford Lake, which was a somewhat oblong body of water, set between a wild woodland on one sidtr3Lnd the level country containing the town of Cranford and many fine farms on the other. Laurel River, flowing into Cranford Lake, and Aialapan River, flowing out of it at the other end. might have been considered in a sense as one stream flowing from the timbered hills through the lake aa on to the sea; but they were two rivers, to the Cra ford people, and bore separate names. Malapan River, emptying into the sea; was a tid channel. Laurel River, emptying into the lake, was fresh, ar was fed by some famous trout streams. Simm’s Hole was a deep cavity in the bed of Laur River, a few hundred yards above the upper end . the lake. All about Simm’s Hole lay heavy woodlands, whi in some places became a wild tangle. Just above Simm’s Hole, and really hanging or it, or rather projecting into it, was an old dam. This dam was much broken. In places it stood c and over these places the water tumbled with a ro and a beautiful waterfall effect. In the broken places there were here and there pr jecting sticks of timber, that thrust themselves upwa and whipped at the water like saws. Swinging back and forth, they sometimes thre\*| t water into spurting jets, which glistened brightly the sunlight. At one end of the dam, and built out upon it, w a tumble-down cabin, almost in ruins now. Peleg Brown, the deaf-mute, had lived there a lc time, and had put up the cabin in that queer pla1 that he might be right at the fishing ground he lovi without having'to take the trouble even to walk to Peleg s present home lay further up the stream. He had abandoned the old cabin, that hung a. swayed at one end of the dam, because of a flo< which came suddenly one night, and rising into < cabin gave him the fright of his life. , Peleg, when that water rose, threatening to w£ him from his bed, climbed out on the cabin roof; a there some people passing in the morning discovei ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY.	17 im, sitting astride the ridge pole, making signs and working his toothless jaws. Peleg bad been on that roof for hours, unable to sound, and expecting every minute that the oukl be carried away. 00k no chances with the treacherous spring f Laurel Rives, after <fhat lie old cabin made a famous pla'ce for the boys ,e to catnp at Simm’s Hole; and often fhey sat oorway, or hung out of its window, with their lines whipping the river below in the “hole.” better spot than the vicinity of Simm’s Hole have been chosen for a boys’ camp; and here spring came fishing and camping parties from vn of Cranford, and from other points more re- Lightfoot and his friends had brought up a — • 9 nt, and a complete camping outfit, with cooking s. and a supply of food. the tent stood deserted. Some of the boys, ‘Jack of the number, had not even slept in it the us night, but had lain out under the trees, with .•ering but their blankets, for the ground was ry- Lampton was the self-appointed cook of the not because he liked so much to cook, but be- lie liked to keep close to the eatables, and while ig he could satisfy his palate by tasting the vari- shes he was preparing. king was really the only work tfcat Lafe Lamp- loroughly enjoyed; and he could hardly under- why all the other boys had not clamored for sition. was now stirring something in an iron pot that d hung on a tripod over a fire out of doors, e blue smoke drifting up through the yet leafless hes toward the bluer sky, and Lafe stirring, and and then tasting, made a picture of contentment, with the other boys standing or lying about in various attitudes of lazy enjoyment. This was the situation, when Nat Kimball, carried iway by the spirit of coming summer, began,-to pipe out that old chestnut, “The Good Old Summer Time.” “Hit him with a brick, if he tries to sing it again!” grunted Bob Brewster, who would never have heaved a brick at anyone, except under the. severest provoca- tion. “Oh, say, I’m too lazy for anything 1” declared Tom Lightfoot, who, because he was Jack’s cousin, was there, thoiigh he belonged with the academy crowd. But then Tom was a royal good fellow, who was welcomed anywhere. Ned Skeen began to sing: “Oh, the spring is a finer time Than the good old summer time;. Lying in the shady woods-” “Oh, you don’t need to be in the woods, to enable you to do that!” Nat Kimball declared. Skeen looked at him reproachfully. “Isn’t a fellow to be allowed to sing anything?” “Not when he doesn’t know how.” “Haw, h^w!” laughed Jube Marlin, the wide- mouthed Yankee. Stepping back, to avoid the kick which Skeen de- livered as a jocular return, Nat Kimball sat dow'n sud denly, and in trying to save himself from the fall plowed his fingers into the soft earth. “Now Kimball has got germs,” chirged Arlo Kil- foyle. “He always finds germs whenever he puts his hands on the ground.” “Well, if I do believe irt germs, I don’t believe in ghosts!" Nat retorted. “You’d better go away back and sit down! A fellow that’s queer enough to be- lieve in ghosts shouldn’t try to poke fun at anybody else.” “I don’t know that there are any ghosts, and I don’t know that there aren't,” said Kilfoyle; “but you ex- ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY, plain that business at the gym, will you? You can’t of insect life, but the ants predominated; they, do! it.’ "Oh, gee! here’s a nasty worm crawling over me!” cried Kimball, knocking it away with a look of disgust. Tom Lightfoot began to sing : “Light is the breeze in the treetops astir, Fragrant the breath of the hemlock and fir; Bright is the sky .as the eyes that we love, Sweeter the brook song than note of the dove.. Deep in the wpods. Deep in the woods.” Ned Skeen, who had bee# called down for his ping- ing, yet fancied he could sin'g, and had a real gift for hasty parody, cut in: “Kilfoyle sees spirits, ajjd Kimball fJndS germs; When there are no germs he is fighting with worms; He bats them, and cuffs them, and, oh! how he squirms! Deep in the woods, Deep in the woods," “Cut it out!” Kimball commanded, sharply. Tom Lightfoot continued: » • “Bowers of beauty and vista$ so fair; Far, far behind us each sorrow and care I Lighter our thoughts than the branches that swins. Joyous our hearts as the birds on the wing. Deep in the woods, Deep in the woods." Again Ned Skeen brdke in, ‘like a musical sea gull,” some of the fellows, claimed; "Catching fresh colds that will make us all sneeze, Bored by mosquitoes and bitten by fleas; Snakes for our playmates, and ants for our fare— Tell oh, tell me, who wouldn’t he there? ■ Deep( in the woods, Deep in the wBbds.” “Fellows, there are fleas here, or ants, or something, and a lot of them,” said Kimball, jumping up and be- ginning to scratch his legs. “Pshavv^ those axe just germs; you got them off the ground!" declared Kilfoyle. “You’ll see a ghost, or something, if I punch your head!” Jack Lightfoot began to squirm; he had been lying at his ease; under one of the trees, enjoying the jok- ing and the quick repartee; now he, too, got up. The warm sunshine was bringing out various forms the big, black, hungry variety, with jaws like] Jack brushed away the ants that troublt found a new seat; while the boys began to' til insect life of the woods. Jifn Bright, whose qne great ambition come an actor, leaped to' his feef and stretc hands with a stagy air: “Go to the ant, thou sluggard!” He declaimed this; then started on sometl "My name is Norval! On the Grampian father feeds his flock. A worthy swain- “Stop! stop!” said Skeen, the little joker; not getting that right!” “Why-isn’t it right, me lord?” “Because it isn’t.” Jim Bright laid his hand on his'heart anc “Will Your Muchness be kind enough to s the right way?” “Surer Ned Skeen sprang to his feet__ * “Hear me!” he cried, facing the other b< throwing- himself into the stagy attitude assi Bright. “This is the way that oratorical gen school readers should be delivered.” 9 He* squared his shoulders. “My name is Norval, on the Grampian Hil father feeds his flock a worthy swain!” cat “A swain is a man,” said Bright. “Sure \” “And your father feeds him to his flock ?” Footsteps were heard behind him, and thera interruption, in the form of the deaf-mute, Pele lie had some fish, which he delivered to Jack foot, as a present for the boys; and then took ou « of paper. Jack read aloud the words written on it by1 I seen the ghost again last night, right by thi Lfiome out of the old cabin. I never seen anything I “What do you say to. that ?’ said Kilfoyle, alifiost liumphantly. I "I say if that ghost comes fooling round the dam |is evening I’ll put him on my hook and catch a trout |jth him/’ was the irreverent response of Bill Brew- I before jpeleg turned away, the rattle of a cart was lard, and Jerry Mulligan, the warm friend of the Igh-schoo] boys, came into view along the woodsy pad with his horse and his cart, bringing some things jut from the town for the camp. I	f'Whurroo!” he cried, swinging his cap wften he saw lie tent and the camp. *1 think, begorra, that I’ll lay ff worruk fer the1 rist av the week and play lazy, too. Tis worrukin' all the toime makes a man a dull b’y.” “ ‘All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy/ you nean,” cried Kimball. “Jack was niver a dull boy!” said the humorous Irish lad. (“You didn’t get it right, either of you,” cried Skeen. This is the way. it goes: All play and no work, nakes a boy a poor shirk!” •Jack Lightfoot clapped his hands. “Skeeny, that’s the best thing you’ve got up this Homing,I” “You overlook my poetry,” said Skeen. Jack took the piece of paper which held Peleg’s mes- age, and wrote on it for th<r deaf-mute: “All rigljt; thank you for the information. We’ll ecP a sharp watch for that ghost to-night. And we lank you for th^fish.”' Then Peleg went' away; and Jerry, hitching his orse, forgot for the time that he was a hard-working irt driver, and became as much .of a rollicking boy 5	any {here. 19 CHAPTER VII. ALONG THE STREAMS. Whipping the trout streams that made down from the hills into Laurel River furnished some of the finest Sport the boys could desire. To throw the fly out on the surface of the whirling water, and let it drift down, taking care to keep even youi; shadow from being seen by the wary fish that lie under the edge of some rock or in a dark hole, is no easy accomplishment. To throw, arftl throw again; to wade, and creep; to quiver with expectation; and then, in almost an unex- pected mpment, to have the trout rise to the fly! After that, the singing (51 the reel; and the careful work. Ho, there! Careful, careful; he’ll break your tackle, or get away! Careful} To see the beautiful fish throw himself in a shining leap clear out of the water; to feel the pull and tug; to reel in; and then to have him go plunging, with the reel singing again! Is there anything finer in the way of sport, for either man or boy ? There may be, yet it is doubtful. The cool wind of spring blowing in your face, the tang of spring in the air, the spirit of spring throbbing and leaping in your veins, swelling your heart; the song of the racing brook in your ears, and the song of- the breeze in the trees above your head, while the sun shines brightly, and the air is filled with a thousand odors, and a. thousand signs of new and budding life^ All this is yours, while you play the gamy trout, and your reel sings. Now you work him in nearer to the shore. He is well exhausted by this tin\,e, but still game; and he de- serves well of you, for he made a fine, even a glorious, fight He comes in sulking, perhaps; or, with a fresh acces- ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. 20 sion of courage and strength, he strikes again for the black shadows in the stream, or in the pool. . Then, when at last you have him near the shore, you must still use your utmost skill. The landing net now, and more careful work; then you lift him out of his element, and he is yours! With such pleasure as this, Jack Lightfoot and his boy comrades failed to remember the “ghost” that had troubled the««gym, forgot all about the “ghost” seen more than once by old Peleg; and neglected, or disre- garded, the warning message that had^come crashing through Jack Lightfoot’s chamber window at home. But at night, when they came in tired, yet glowing, with innumerable stories to tell of the fish “th&y didn’t get,” of the many trout that' got away, bigger, far bigger, than the ones caught; and they sat down be- fore the tent in the gathering darkness, to sample the fish, done to a turn by Lafe Lampton, the talk turned frequently to the mystery of the gym, and to the ghost that had stood in the door of Peleg’s old cabin, and had walked the broken dam before that door. Apparently this ghost knew that a party of skeptical, rollicking young rovers was camped near the shore at Simm’s Hole, and were so lacking in a proper spirit of reverence that they would not have hesitated to take the said ghost by the collar, presuming that he wore one, and chuck him into the water, just to serve him right for night walking. So the ghost kept away. But the fun and the sport were fast and furious, yet of a perfectly harmless and jovial kind; the sort of fun, that never yet injured any boy, or made him less manly when he became a man. Peleg came in, the second evening, to ask by means of signs if the “ghost” had walked as yet. Receiving an answer in the negative, he drew out his writing pad and a pencil and began to write. Usually, when Peleg did that, something interest- ing might be expected. •	a This was what he wrote, on the evening in questions “In Simm’s Hole lives the hermit trout. I hooke<j hirri'bnce, but he broke my pole and my line, and gon away from me; and nigh about drowned me. Maybj you catch him; I never could, except that one time, ant then I didn’t land him.” Jack read this aloud to the boys, while Peleg looke< on, smiling and working his hairless, toothless jaws. He was still dressed as if he expected an early re turn of winter, with a big coat on, and that “com- forter” round his thin neck; but he had discarded hi: woolen mittens, and no longer pulled his cap dowi over his ears. Jack wiTite: “Where had a fellow better fish, to get him ?” Peleg answered: “Right before the cabin door; right out in front He hangs round under the log! of the old dam; an< onct I seen him rise there, and snap a fly off’n th water, when the fly dropped down on the water. H< was a whopper—nigh about big as a sturgeon, 1 thought. He’s been there ten year, I guess; and if you git him, you git a whale.” “That’s a whale of a lie,” said Ned Skeen, when this was read. “All right; we’ll try for him,” Jack wrote. And Peleg, when he had read this, worked his hair less jaws again, and smiled. Jack wrote many questions on Peleg’s pad that even ing, some of them about the “ghost”; and Peleg an swered, to the best of his ability. “He never saw any ghost there, and he never hookec any such trout,” Skeen persisted. “He’s stringing us and’s been stringing us from the first.” “Begorra, I’ll take his string to-morry, and thrj mesilf fer that fish!” said Jerry, who still lingered unable to leave the joys of the camp at Simm’s Hole “Take his string? Oh, yes; the string he’s string ing us withl Wowl' Jerry, I’ll duck you in the hol> ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. 21 prtunity to catch that whale with your hands!’ wry grinned. fchat, first chance I get; and that will give you an The camp had been aroused by Lampton’s exclama- tion. “The ghost!” said Jack. “Whatever it was, man He might dhrowned me, av he’s as big as Pelig °r sPirit> went into that cabin. Come on, and we’ll If” .	’	'find it.” He did not stop to dress, but with his blanket drawn about him, ran toward the dam and the cabin, which were but a few yards away. The other boys followed hot at his heels, clad in the same way; and with them came Jerry, who had been the one to discover the “ghost.” But when the dam and the cabin were gained they ore than one of the boys believed that Peleg was nging” them, both about the fish and- with regard le “ghost.” ey paid so little attention to his stories of the n, that they went to sleep that night as usual, in their blankets, und^r the trees; and were deep land of dreams, whea Jerry, himself awake, sud- , j,	i	could find nothing. 'An’ phat the divvil is aroused them, fhoosh!” he whispered, low, I wanty know ?” hand touched Jack Lightfoot. c, aroused on the instant, lifted his head. moonlight had come again, after many nights lrkness, and it glanced whitely across Simm’s and lighted up the old cabin and the broken dam. the dam near the cab?n, sitting as if looking into the stream, holding a fishing pole, too, was •mge, tall figure, clad in something that looked St white in the moonbeams. A search of the interior resulted in the same way. Apparently no man had been in the cabin or on the dam. No fishing pole could be found, no wet tracks—nothing. Jack Lightfoot and his companions were puzzled. “Niver a ghost was that!” said Jerry, decidedly, as he hunted through the cabin. “What became of him, then,” Kilfoyle asked. “He made a shneak into the woods, do ye’ see! He could ’ave done ut. He could have jomped aff the dam here, and scooted into the thimber, and the bushes would soon hicie him. I’m bettin’ me owld hat ut was shwearin’ that’s the ghost, though I niver seen that way.’ efure!” whispered Jerry. rolled over and touched Tom and Lafe, whis- their names, to arouse them, fe threw up his hands, with an exclamation that sd very loud in that deep stillness, jarently it reached the strange form sitting on 5ken dam, for the figure rose up suddenly, stand- trhen erect, to an enormous height, and straight as >vepipe” from waist to head, as Peleg hfed re- lit thus stood up, it seemed to slip, without mo- to melt as it were, into the very walls of the Then it was gone, without a sound. It was the best theory that could be conjured up, yet not entirely satisfying; and Jack and the others re- turned to the camp and to their blankets, to lie awake a long time, thinking it over. CHAPTER VIII. THE ATTACK. The next morning, when Jack awoke, he saw Nich- olas Flint sitting on the dam, while Bat Arnold was just coming out of the woods. “Hello!” Jack called, rolling out of his blankets, and in so doing, and in calling out that way, waking the other members of the camping party. 23 But the sun was rising, arid the time had come for them to arise, so Jack did not mind that' Nick Flint did not appear to notice Jack's civil salute. “He's no good,’’ Lafe grunted, when he saw Flint. “What’s he doing up here, while we’re in camp? We don’t want him.” “Perhaps he doesn't want us," remarked Jack, easily. “He seems to have been first on the dam, this morn ing.” Having dressed, -he walked out to the dam. “Hello, FlintiM he said again; then added: “You didn’t see anything of a ghost round here, early this morning “I haven’t lost any ghosts,” Flint answered, surlily. “But we’re hunting one. He was sitting last night fight where you are sitting now, and he seemed to slide into the door - there. We couldn't find him; though we came over and looked around.” “Huh!” Flint grunted, skeptically. Bat Arnold came up, smoking a cigarette. “Mornin’!” he growled. He did not look at Jack, but kept the visor of his cap pulled down over his eyes. “The fishing is great," said Jack. “We’ve'-been up and down all of the creeks, and the trout are biting fine. Perhaps yod’d like to sample some that we’ve caught; we’ll have them for breakfast in a ljttle while?” But neither Bat nor Nick seemed to care to accept this hospitable invitation. They acted as if they had something on their minds; something disagreeable, or unpleasant, which was trou- bling them. Jack noticed this, and wondered what it was. He bad no great respect for either of the boys, nor 4fisy-e for their company; but he always tried to treat everyone civilly, just as he would like to be treated himself. ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. That was one reason why Jack Lightfoot had such a host of friends. Though he was so far above these two boys in mani ways, he had"no feeling of superiority. Apparently t,h"ey had come out to Simm’s Hole fey a good time, as he and his friends had, and he vva: willing that -they should enjoy themselves to the ut most. Finding that neither Nick nor Bat were in a talka tive mood, Jack gave over his efforts in that line anc returned to the camp. “What are those fellows^ping here?” Lafe asked.' “I couldn’t find out; fishing,' I presume.” “I wish they’d stayed away; they’ll make trouble.’ S&ul Messenger thrust forward his shock of yellov hair and his pugilistic jaw. “Let ’em try it!”	»	* ■ Jack Lightfoot was forced to laugh. “Saul, I don’t know whether you, like to fight as wel as Lafesdoes to eat, though I rather think you do But there is nothing to fight- about yet.” “Just let ’em try to make trouble for us,” said Saul clinching his fists. “I’ve been longing for a chance t- hammer in the face of that low-down nigger, Nic' Flint!” “That Indian, you mean!” said Lafe. “Indian or nigger, it don’t make much difference t me; when I get through with him he Won’t know ths h^’s got a face." Saul’s attitude was so much that of the eager pugilis that Jack laughed again; and, sitting down, with penc and paper, he drew a earicature of Saul Messenger i the ,act of reducing Nick Flint to something tha looked* like a bag of jelly. “That’s what I’d like to do to him,” said Sau trying to grin, when he saw the picture. “And it what I will do,- if he goes to making trouble roun here.” ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. fc* FHnt 3nd Bat Arn°ld <«««"* while the «rn going to tty for that hermit trout 1” said Jack. “If a f€llow could hook him j-jvere eating breakfast. was a fine breakfast, too, showing that L*fe "He’d pull you into'the hole,” said Nat Kimball, (pton was well up in the culinary art.	“I’d risk it. If I could once get my hook in his *Td like to know where you learned to fry fish so mouth, there’d be a pretty fight, anyhow, if I didn’t U?” taid Ned Skeen. “Howling mackerels, this land him.” —■	Though Jack,jneant to try for the hermit trout which “Not a howling mackerel, nop any other kind ; that’s Peleg said inhabited Simm’s Hole, he desired first to [out. Don’t disgrace it by calling it a mackerel.” whip a certain section of one of the creeks of the neigh- jiied Skeen's mouth was filled with fish,, but he con- borhood, where, the year before, he had had good luck, red to ask again how Lafe had learned the trick of He set out for this po,int after breakfast, going alone, as most of the other boys had plans of their own for the morning, which would scatter them to various places. ig them to such a turn. Trom my mother,” sard Lafe. “She’s a good r You take after, her naturally,” Jack remarked. As Jack walked along he chanc6d to see Bat Arnold Til take after yop,” said Lafe, Wit^i a lauglr, “if moving in the woods before him. It was just a (fcn’t praise that fish as you ought to. It’s this p: I always liked to eat, you know I” !|0h, yes, we know that I” So I used to hang round the kitchen a good deal.” You used to ? Oh, that’s good!” ’Well, I do still, of course; and so, watching her, helping her now and then' when she’d let me, I iheihang of cooking a good many things. And I her like to cook.” ause you can eat while you're cooking?” e!” dition to the fish, there was bread, which Jerry ought from the town, crackers, canned goods of is kinds, principally canned fruits, together with eggs, condensed milk, canned vegetables and things; though all of these were not served for ast, of course. e boys were living well; and they were, besides, l*>g the time of their live3. ^>ck Flint and Bat Arnold, who had refused to par- :e of that bountiful breakfast, were practically for- lten.- while the boys ate, laughed and joked, and Qned for the fishing trips of the day. glimpse he caught, but it set him to thinking. “I wonder what those fellows are doing up here? Maybe they’re making for the same point I am, and intend to fish there.” Jle hurried on. Reaching the creek, and seeing no one, he began to whip the stream, carefully selecting his flies, and using all the skill of which he was master. He had landed one speckled beauty, and was so deeply immersed in the sport that he had again forgot- ten about Bat and Nick and the warning which had teen so strangely thrown into his room. Then a club, whirled from a low tree over his head, struck him a* blow on the shoulder, and at the-same time a iorm dropped out of the branches. The club had been so aimed that if Jack had not shifted his position just at the instant it was thrown it would have struck him full on the head, and the form that shot downward must have struck him also. But, hitting him on the shoulder, the injury was not so great, though the blow was*heavy enough to deaden and numb the arm. Jack recovered, dropped his rod, and turned just in 24	ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. time to see a disguised and masked figure spring at him, striking again with a club. Jack avoided this blow by springing backward, and in so doing put his back against a rock. He saw now that he had two masked enemies to meet; and, having seen Bat in the woods, he at once jumped to the conclusion that they were Bat Arnold and Nicholas Flint. His left arm and shoulder, struck by the club, pained and numbed by the blow, were almost useless. Neither of his assailants uttered a word, as they rushed upon him. “I know you, Nick,” said Jack, judging that Nick was the one who had hit him. “Put down that club!” Instead of putting it down, Nick struck with it. With a quick jump Jack hit the club with his foot and sent it Spinning into the creek, wrenching and stinging the hand that had held it.	, Believing that the two of them were more than enough “to do up” Jack Lightfoot, the boys rushed in again. The dastardly character of this unprovoked attack fired Jack’s heart and filled him with almost an un- governable rage. Jack had a hot temper, which he had exhibited on more than one occasion, but which he tried to hold in check. It burned to a fury now, and made him reckless and implacable. And when Jack Lightfoot was thus aroused he had the quickness and the fighting power of a tiger. He set his back against the rock, as they rushed in. Though his temper was boiling, his brain was clear; his face was pale, and his gray-blue eyes were shining and wide open. Crack! Bat Arnold received a stinging blow in the face that sent him reeling. Hampered by his injured left arm, Jack could not swing again with his right in time to smash his into the face of Nick Flint; he only struck Flint the arm. The next moment he and Flint grappled, and fell t< the ground together. With his jaw feeling as if it had been broken, Ba| had stumbled backward, and fallen into the watei*. ' “Help, here!” yelled Flint, thus revealing his identitj by his voice. Jack Lightfoot had him by the throat. Bat staggered up, dripping with water, and rushcc to the aid of his friend. Jack tripped him with'his foot as he came on, am Bart fell on top of the struggling boys. In the wild struggle that ensued, Nick Flint releasa himself; and then, mistaking Bat for Jack Lightfooi he began to hammer him in the face. Bat yelled for all he was worth. Before Nick understood what he was doing, Jac Lightfoot had writhed out of his grasp and sprun to his feet. Nick and Bat rolled apart. # Nick now whipped out a knife. Seeing that in his possession, Jack again backe against the rock. The numbness and pain were going out of his it jured arm. Even if that had not been go, Jack Ligh! foot would have forgotten the injury now, or ignore it. Both of his assailants rushed at him again, Nic with the knife, cursing furiously. In the scuffle on the ground Nick’s hat and ma? had fallen off, and his dark Apache face was now r> vealed. Bat still had his mask on, but that hammering ha twisted it awry, revealing a bruised and swollen chee where Nick's hammering fist had done its work. “Come on!” Jack yelled, wild and defiant. “Con on, you cowards!—you sneaks 1 Come on^” \ ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY.	25 They were accepting the invitation. Jack dodged to avoid the knife; and,' feinting, drove s strong right fist into Nick’s face. 'He struck at Bat with his other fist almost at the me time. But the blow was^ot so effective, and Bat ided one that jarred Jack’s head and made it sing. {The knife was knocked from Nick’s'hand by his fall; d while he was trying to recover it, Jack threw his t arm about Bat Arnold’s neck and plunged his ■ong right fist into his face. It was a bad-looking countenance after that. Bat wled. Jack struck again, in his rage. Bat fell, lply; and Jack released him, just as Nick rushed in ain. “You murdering coward, I’ll settle you!” Jack ea^ed. He drove a terrific blow at Nick, and received a list from the knife that ripped the sleeve of his coat; in struck again; and this time with a force so ef- tive that both knife and boy went into the creek. Bat was trying to get up. Jack jumped at him, with his foot lifted tp deliver cick. ‘‘Don’t! don’t!” Bat groaned. “You’ve killed me iv; don’t!” Nick Flint was thrashing the water with his hands, lack again backed against the rock and stood ready his enemies. ?at crept to his feet, groaning; one of his eyes s closed. >»ick flounced, and flailed at the water. ‘He’s drowning!” said Bat, with a hoarse cry. an’t you see?” ack was still furious. ‘Help him out, then!” he shouted. ‘But I—I can’t; you put him there!” t was true. lack looked at Arnold. His brain was clearing; that terrific fit of passion which had made him so tigerish and so furious in the fight was passing. He saw that Nick Flint seemed to be growing weaker and was in no condition to aid himself. “You won’t jump at me?” he asked of Bat. Bat, with hi^ hands to hi6 face, groaned as a reply. Jack passed him with a quick leap; and, springing into the stream, caught Nick Flint by the arm and literally pulled him out of the creek. Nick was gasping and strangling, and seemed but half conscious. A feeling of remorse, mingled with something al- most like fear, swept over Jack. The thought that he might have killed Nick came to startle him. Seeing that Bat was not likely to renew the attack he bent over Flint now and began some effort to re- store him. Nick was a hardy youngster, who was not likely to give up easily; and he soon came out of his confused state, which would have brought his death no doubt if he had remained in the water. He looked almost shamefaced, when he saw that it was Jack Lightfoot who was. aiding him. Bat, with his mask awry, his clothing rumpled and torn, sfcod by the rock, one eye swollen shut, and his features badly battered. Bat had had enough and to spare. Just then there was a crashing in the underbrush. Saul Messenger, the fighting man of the fishing crowd, came upon the scene. He had seen something of that furious struggle from a distance, and to his great regret had been too far away to take part in it. “Just let me at ’em!” he panted. “No,” said Jack. “Don't—don’t let him hit me!” Bat begged, pite ousfy. “Stand back!” Jack commanded, speaking sharply to Saul. 26	ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. It was a picture for an artist, Jack Lightfoot, strong, slender, his handsome face pale,__ but unmarred, his gray-blue eyes flashing, as he waved back; Saul Mes- senger with that commanding^ gesture. Saul himself, rushing forward, with fists clinched, hat off, his yellow hair tousled over his head like a shock of wheat, his sturdy, pugilistic jaw thrust out. Bat Arnold—bullet-headed Bat—limping away, to escape Saul’s rush, his coat tdrcl, his disarranged mask hanging over one ear, one eye closed, and his face bruised and bloody. And on the ground, his clothing soaked, his hat gone, his Indian-like visage scratched and pummeled, N|ck Flint, of the- murderous heart and the Apache temper. Then there was th* trout stream, fringed by trees; the open path through the woods; and*the murmuring, purling brookwith a fish line and fod on the ground, and a small trout beside them. “Stand back!” |Jack commanded, with imperious gesture. Fighting Saul fell back before that stern order and the fire of those eyes. “They’re in no condition to fight,” said Jack. “And you’ll let them go scot-free ?” Saul protested. "Yes; they may go 'now, for all I care; and the sooner they get out the better I shall be pleased.” CHAPTER IX.’ TAKING THE HERMIT TROUT. Jack Lightfoot stood on the rim of the broken dam, by the cabin, 'flinging his trout fly out into Simm's Hole. He had been doing that for more than an hour, try- ing different -flies. “The felly’s wantin’ a gold bug,” said Jerry. “Common throut- flies, made out av feathers all’ the oike, ain’t good enough for ’um.” Silently Jack tried another fly, and cast again. The boy^ of the camp were in various places, e gaged in various things. In the cabin door almost behind Jack stood La Lampton and Bob Brewster. With them was Orsan 0*x, who had appeared the camp during‘the day, wearing something of m> tery. and nervousness in his manner. The stqry Orson had heard of the attack on Jac and the manner in which Jack had *Haid out” his s sailants, had caused Orson, to assurhe a still more si gular aii*. It was known that Orson followed often in the tr: of Nick Flint, and the boys accounted /or his que manner in that way; yet Orson had not said a word- defense of Nick and Bat. As for those thoroughly whipped youngsters, th had headed for town as soon as they were in a co dition to travel. "I'll try the old hermit with a silver fly, this tim<; said Jack, smiling, as he prepared to try yet aga: “Here’s a silver one with black spots, making it lo> like a spotted butterfly;” “Ut will have to be a gold wan or- a diamond war Jerry insisted. “So cheap a thing as silver cai timpt a delicate crayter loike’ that. He’s so shy must be Irish; tHry him wid a grane wan.” “We’re making too much noise,” said Jack. He stepped back, to get his shadow off the wat< and tried other flies. A plump butterfly, one of the earliest of the seasc came batting by, and flopping into the hole. Instantly there was a swirl of the water, a monsl trout .rose, and the butterfly was gone. "By the cove av Cork, did yees see that? Ut w Him! He was big as an ellyphant,” said Jerry, in hoarse whisper. “Peleg said as big as a whale.” “He wuz that, begorra! Oh, the iligant cravthe ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. 1 jje’s wantin’ real mate; no bugs made out av jpgs and the loikes fer him.” [here's another one of those butterflies,” cr.iedtNed S£nd he took after the mate of the first with I tot. ■returned with it in a little while, having knocked fawn and killed it. feck set it on his hook; and with a flirt sent it out jthe hole. Tie butterfly settled on the water, and with wings floated along while Jack, moving his pole y, fried to give it a simulation of fife? as if it estrugg! ing to rise from the water. He .grants his mate alive!” whispered Jerry. “Oh, pe’ticklar crayther! He don’t want anny butther that's been knocked on the head an’ kilt, bedad !H I	did seem so. ark moved his rod, and the butterfly, apparently Bing. seemed on the point of lifting itself from ben there was a swirl of the water, as a shadow led to dart from under the dam; this was followed flash i ng leap—then the line straightened, lere was a sudden splash, a flash of silver in the Kid a shout from Lafe; for Jack Lightfoot had dly hooked the foxy old trout of the'swimming ie feel sang! rn- threw his hat into the air and yelled. Born:, ye’ve got him! Can yees howld him?” ie hooked trout went to the bottom of the hole; Seemed determined to make wildly for the lake- sk paid the line out, and when it eased, he began in. lain the trout struck out for a healthier climate, •nee more the speeding line made the reel hum. ook out er he’ll br-reak yer line; he’ll shnap yer ftke a broom sthraw 1” &	was well aware of that. He knew that skill alone could land that big trout. Feeling t,he wrench of'the hook it threw itself out of the water, in a clear leap that showed its big body and superb markings. “Howly shmoke, did yees see ’urn!” The trout, having made that leap, was coming up- stream. The reel spun under Jack’s fingers as he took in the line. Under the edge of the dam the trout darted; then stopped and lay there'. “He’s home, an’ he knows it; an’ he won’t come out.” Jack brought him out by a lift of the rod : and again- the startled trout headed downstream. Jack was playing the big fish, with consummate skill, having a care all the time for the security of his line and rod. When he could he tightened the line, in an effort to tire and discourage the^rout; when he could do noth ing else he let the reel sing, yet with enough pressure to give the line a continuous pull. Again the great fish threw himself out of the water, in a skipping jump; and again Jerry and the other boys roared. ». Peleg Brown came up on the shore and fairly danced, clapping his hands, when he saw the fight that was on. For years he had tried to lure that trou^ to his hook, and once he had succeeded, only to let him get away again. “Howled ’um !” Jerry cped. Jack was “holding him!” He was doing more, he was tiring the big fish. Up and down, from end to end and side to side of the hole, the trout rushed, feeling the pull of the hook constantly. He threw himself from the water in great leaps, and sinking to the bottom sulked. Then, when forced to start again, he repeated the same tactics, over and over. % 28 ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. The fight was on. The slender rod and compara- Saul Messenger rushed to Skeen’s assistance, tively weak line, and the skill of a boy, were matched “Play hjim easy, he said, putting out his hand against the strength of the big fish.	tak<? hold of the rod; play him easy, or he II br< But the skill of the boy was1 telling.	your pole.” For more than half an hour the combat lasted; then, Then both he and Ned Skeen stared, as well when Jack thought the trout was worn-out, the strug-.	howled, for the thing that came to the surface was n| gle started anew, and continued for another fifteen	a fish—but a man! minutes, until Jack began to find that he was getting	- pretty tired himself, in spite ol fhe thrill and the ex- / citement. Lafe grabbed the landing net, as Jack, walking along the dam toward the shore, began io lead the ex- hausted fish in that direction. ‘‘Where there's one trout there’s always its mate,” said Ned Skeen, and he threshed his line into the pool where the fish had been hooked. Lafe thrust his landing net under the big trout, which Jack drew to the shore* Within the cabin, looking from the door, Bob Brew- ster and Orson Oxx, who had been hopping Tip; and down in their excitement, joined hands, and began to v	v sing and dance with joy, roaring out the words of a fishing song. As they thus danced and. roared, they broke the half rotten boards of the floor, and Bob Brewster dropped' through with a yell. At the same instant there wa§ a terrific splash under the edge of®the dam. Then there was another yell, jtfis fime in the voice of Ned Skeen. “Howling mackerels,” hte exclaimed, “I’ve got a bigger one!1'- CHAPTER X. THE RESCUE. Throwing the big trout well up on the shore, wher it could not possibly get back into the hole, Jack Lighj foot, Lafe Lampton and Jerry Mulligan raced oi| upon the broken dam to the assistance of Ned Skeer The boys in the cabin came out also; followed bl Bob, who had dragged himself from the hole int which he had tumbled, and who was not hurt by hi fall. Ned Skeen’s hook had caught in the man’s coat, i) the back, between the shoulders, and being a strong hook, with a good line, it was holding. The man was threshing the water wildly with hi: hands, and seemed unable to swim. When Jack observed this, he threw aside his coat, kicked off his shoes, and sprang into the hole. Jerry Mulligan imitated him. They came up by the man, as he was rising once more to the surface. Skeen’s hook was still in the man’s,coat, and Skeefr, in spite of his nervous and excited condition, was st^ hanging to the rod.' “Now, get him by that side, Jerry!” said Jack. “And His rod bent almost double as he tugged and ,	r ,	, , be careful that he don’t get you,.” strained.	The warning was needed; for the man, in his fright He began to pull in<	ened and wholly irresponsible condition, was trying "Here fellows,” he called, “help me; he’ll get away	to lay hold of something, from me!”	He caught Jerry by the coaf and ducked him under. Jack Lightfoot and Jerry Mulligan were busy in	Jack evaded the clutch of his hand, and then secured getting the big trout out of the water.	a grip of his coat. S ' • ? i m 1 ALL-SPORTS LIBRARY. *ame up, with the man still clinging to him.	' CHAPTER XL |bimwan! he begged. He s dhrownin’ me.”	the mysteries cleared away. Jished water in the man’s face; and sought to him. 29 Wilson Crane at various times had talked a great deal about the Wild Man, who had been seen by differ- rrent was doing the rest; for it was setting: _	•	. . .. , _ , . &	ent persons in the vicinity of Cranford. toward the shore below,* on the same side. fe Lainpton, having thrown off coat and shoes, in now, and came swimming boldly to the as- of Jack and Jerry, lis time the man whom the boys were Trying to is so nearly drowned that he was helpless to iself of injure those who were trying to aid kelp they could. Hen the current threw the swimmers in-dose to >re. thQr drew the man to the land; and then all and lifted at him until he was out,of the water pell up on the dry ground. Wilson had seen this so-called Wild Man once him- self; and at another time, thinking he was to get a sec‘ ond look at him, he had stumbled upon some tramps who were holding Jack Lightfoot a prisoner in The Painted Cave.* When seen by Wilson and other people of Cranford, the Wfld Mart had been clothed in these tattered outer clothes, and no one guessed that he had a good suit Skeen had*cut his line; and all the boys were underneath them ning round to the shore on that side, to render	, y	. . The efforts of Jack Lightfoot and his friends to re- store the so-called Wild Man to consciousncss were effective, after a time; and the fellow, sitting up, stared about hirrt^n a strange way. Befofe this occurred Bob Brewster had told a queer story of finding a small room below the cabin floor, even then the victory was not won, for brisk ^ ^	^ room_	upon m M ^ere required to bring hint back to life.	^	^ ^ up as .f	^ ^ a$ a ile they made these efforts they made also a	^ ing discovery.	The search which some of the boys now made The man was clothed in two complete suits; the	jjroUght other things to light, among them a queer Itr one being a thing of shreds and patches, the	stovepjpe arrangement, covered with dirty white cloth, ter one of respectable cut, *nake and cloth.	whjch the Wild Man had used, setting it upon his Tlie man was well along in years, and bearded; his	shoulders to give him a supernatural height. >rd being somewhat shaggy, and his hair and eye- when the wild Man looked around in that strange Sirs grayish.	way, observed the excited group of boys gathered ilson Crane, who had joined th£fishing party that	aj)OUt him, an(£ saw his wet clothing, he doubled him- ing. stared, thrusting his long, nose for war'd as if	sejj t0gether, and, shaking his thin sides, laughed like' ished to probe the man in the face with.it.	a hyena. Say, fellows,” he exclaimed, in a hoarse whisper, is the Wild Man 1” *See last week’s issue. No. 4—“Jack Lightfoot’s Athletic Tour- nament; or, Breaking the Record Quarter-Milc Dash.' THE RED RAVEN LIBRARY THRILLING SEA STORIES This library represents an entirely new idea. It is totally different from any other now published. The stories detail the adventures of three plucky lads who set out to capture the notorious Captain Kidd. Every real boy has longed to read more about the doings of this bold marauder of the seas and the opportunity is now given them. The stories are of generous length and without equals in thrilling adventure and interest. The best sea stories ever written. 1.	Captain Kidd’s Sea Swoop ; or, Carried Off by Pirates. 2.	Captain Kidd’s.Buried Treasure; or, Adventures of Three Boys Among the Buccaneers. 3.	The Silver Cutlass ; or, Thad and His Chums Lost in the Swamp. 4.	Defying the Sea Wolf; or, Thad at Bay in the Powder Magazine. 5.	The Jolly “Red Raven” ; or, Captain Kidd’s Daring Raid on Old'New York. 6.	The Corsair Captaiu ; or, Thad and His Chums Afloat. 7.	The Death’s Head Rovers ; or, How Thad Outwitted the Coast Freebooters. 8.	Walking the Plank ; or, The Last Cruise of the Flying-Scud. 9.	Captain Kidd’s Revenge ; or, Thad Among the Tigers of the Sea. 10.	The Chest of Doubloons ; or, How Three Boys Defied the Buccaneers, n.	The Rival Pirates ; or, Thad and His Chums in Irons. 12.	Captain Kidd’s Stratagem ; or, Simple Simon Takes Soundings. 13.	The Red Raven’s Prize; or, How Young Thad Sailed a Pirate Barque. 14.	Nailed to the Mast; or, The Last of Captain Kidd’s “Hole in the Wall.” 15.	Captain Kidd’s Long Chase ; or, Thad and His Chums in the Tropics. 16.	Set Adrift By Pirates ; or, Thad’s Adventures in the Saragossa Sea. 17-	To Sink or Swim ; or, Thad an'd His Frieri&s On Blue Water. 18.	Captain Kidd’s Drag-Net; or, How Young Thad Hoodwinked the Buccaneers. 19.	The Phantom Pirate ; or, Thad and His Chums on the Haunted Ship. £0.	The Winged Witch ; or, How Three Boys Saved the Treasure Galleon. 21.	Captain Kidd in New Orleans ; or, The Pirate Scourge of the Rigolets. 22.	Tiger of the Sea ;, or, The Three Castaways of the Gulf. 33-	The Pirates of The Keys ; or, Our Boys Afloat on the Spanish Main. 24.	Captain Kidd at Bay ; or, Marooned On a Sand-Spit. PRICE, FIVE CENTS	] For sale by all newsdealers, or sent postpaid	* upon receipt of price by the publishers	8 THE WINNER LIBRARY CO., 2 Duane St., New Yorii	I  Come, Boys, Come. Get the ALL=SPORTS LIBRARY “ Teach the American boy how to become, an athlete and Iqy the foundation of a constitution greater than that of the United States —	Wise sayings from Tip Top. You like fun, adventure, and mystery don’t you? We$, youTn3ind them all in the pages of the stories in this library. As the name implies, tlhe ALL- SPORTS LIBRARY-is devoted to the sports all young people delight in. It has bright handsome cdlpred covers, and each story is at least 3D,Ooo words in length. You are looking for a big five cents worth of good reading'and you can get it here. Ask your newsdealer for any bf the titles listed beloW. He has them in stock.	\ PRICE, FIVE CENTS LATEST TITLES LIGHTFOOT'S CHALLENGE;' or, The Winning of the Wager LIGHTFOOT’S HOCKEY TEAM; or, The Rival Athletes of Pld Cranford LIGHTFOOT'S GREAT PLAY.; or, Surprising the Academy Boys LIGHTFOOT'S ^ATHLETIC TOURNA- MENT; or, Breaking the Record Quarter-Mile Dash LIGHTFOOT IN THE WOODS; or, Taking the Hermit Trout of Simms' Hole LIGHTFOOT'S TRUMP CURVE; or, The Wizard Pitcher of the Four-Town League This library may be purchased from any newsdealer at five cents per copy, or any number will be sent postpaid upon receipt of six cepts |)y THE WINNER LIBRARY COMPANY, 2 Duane St., NEW YORK JACK 2* JACK 3. JACK 4. JACK 5. JACK 6. JACK