SEPTEMBER PRICE THIRTY FIVE CENTS HARPER QT BROTHERS! NEW YORK AND LONDON! r Let the Kodak Film Tank and Velox Paper Complete the Pleasure of Your Kodak Day. KODAK Simplicity marks every step. No dark room tor either developing or printina and better results than by the old methods. Ask your dealer or write us lor the two ircc booklets: " Tank Development " and " The Velox Book." 'J'FR'Z‘T EASTMAN KODAK CO. I ■ : -	rl	ROCHESTER. N. Y.. The Kodjik City. Harper & Brother*. Franklin Square. New York. N. Y. G™»' H*"T. Pr—Jdm.. F..nklin Squ.rr. New Y«k. N. Y.	£"W $ r>un^. Srem.n. F,.^lin^».^ N>w Y™k N Y. Frtoenck T. Lctgb. Treasurer. Franklin Square. New ^ wk, N. Y. LET THE SUN INTO YOUR BUILDINGS and scour them with Sapolio *>	at Col leges,-Hospitals. Asyl ums and all Public Institutions find SAPOLIO useful Its cleansi and very q nd is thorough [uickiy done. Tiffany & Co. have only one store in America one in London, and one in Paris They are ftridly retailers Their produ&s are only sold in their own Stores They extend a world-wide service through their Correspondence Department and thus insure the satisfa&ion enjoyed by those who can make selections in person The Tiffany Blue Book, which will be sent upon request, contains concise descriptions and the range of prices of jewelry, silverware, and artistic merchandise Fifth Avenue & 37th Street New York MAKI’BJCB UAGAZIXB ADVERTISE!I. S"*pf " JT is not the rev- olution that de- stroys the machinery but the friction. -HENRY WARD BEECHER .... ■ — —.r-r ......tuuMUii) Hall Caine, The dramatist, says: •' My experience of Sanatogen has been that as a tonic nerve food it has on more than one occasion benefited me." David Belasco, The eminent dramatic author, says: " It gives me pleasure to let you know the wonderfully beneficial resuits I have experienced from theuseofyourSanatogen It has a most invigorating effect upon the nerves, and I heartily recommend it to all those who, like myself, are obliged to overwork. After my personal experience I can readily vouch for its recuperating qualities." George Ade, The humorist, says: •’ I have given Sana- togen a trial, and I am convinced of its merits.” Dr. Ernest Ott, Marienbad, Physician to late king Edward: " 1 have used Snna- togen for years with excellent results, nota- bly in eases where it was desirable to build up strength, stimulate the bodily functions and improve the circulation of the blood." T'HE famous preacher was right. It is friction that sends the engine to the scrap heap. Friction that wears out thewonderful machinery of the body. Nerves overwrought—the whole body at variance with health—sleeplessness, no appetite, indigestion, headaches, loss of ambition, thin blood, weariness—the dan- ger signals of too much friction. But Sanatogen THE FOOD -/TON/C will reduce the friction and help make the revolution of daily life what nature and health intended it to be. It will re- vitalize and adjust the nervous system, tonic every function, produce the normal condition which makes life worth while. SANATOGEN is a scientific preparation con- stituted of the very elements of cell and tissue— Albumen and Sodium Glycero-phosphate. It has the unqualified endorsement of all leading physicians. Ask your doctor about it. Send for Dr. C. W. Soleeh'i Book. -The Will To Do" It U very interesting reading and contains tome vital points about the nervous system and it» relation to vour every-day health that you ought to know. Dr. Saleeby's international reputation as a writer and thinker is your as- surance that it is a book worth while writing for. We will mail you a copy without cost upon receipt of coupon. Sanatogen it so/./ in three sizes, SI. 00. SI. 90 and S3.60 Cel Sanaittgen from uour diugglsh not obtainable from him. vrite HAUPKH’B UAGAZIXE Alt VEKTI IS HR. HI m I; i ........ SEPTEMBER, 1910 Frontispiece In Color..............w. a KIRKPATRICK Naples and the Lotto..............marie van vorst	489 Illustrated with Photographs. The Perfect Hour. A Story..........marv heatox vorse	sob Paintings in Color by William A. Kirkpatrick. My Memories of Mark Twain. Part III ... .	w d howells	612 Illustrated with Photographs. Love's Comings. A Poem............am£lie troubetzkoy	629 The Secret-Sharer. A Story. Part II.....Joseph co.nrad	630 Illustrations by W. J. Avlward. “In Port”...................GEORGE HARDrXG	642 Illustrations by the Author. The Fairfax Comedy. A Story.........h. b Marriott watson	652 Illustrations by Frank Craig. The Bitter Thing. A Poem...........Margaret root garvin bbi Enemies. A Story...............Calvin johxstox	662 Night.....................WALTER PRICHARD EATON 668 Illustrations in Tint by Walter King Stone. The Judgment Tree. A Poem.........Antoinette a bassett	578 With That Measure of Love. A Story.....xormax doncan	579 Illustrations by George Harding. “ A Lady In Black,” by W. M. Chase. Comment by w Stanton Howard	690 Engraved on Wood by Henry Wolf from the Original Painting The Microbe as Social Reformer........robert w bruere	591 The Way to the Wedding. A Story......Margaret cameron	597 Illustrations by Lucics W. Hitchcock. A September Day on the Shore........Howard j. shanxox	609 Illustrated with Drawings by the Author. The City’s Cry. A Poem . . . ........faxnie stearxs davis	ei7 The Eclectic. A Story.............olivia Howard dlnbar gih Song. A Poem.................richard le galliexxe	623 The Woman Who Was Ashamed. A Story. - - margarita spaldixg gerry 624 Illustrations by J. A. Williams. Editor’s Easy Chair...............w. d. howells	633 Editor’s Study.................the editor 637 Editor's Drawer.........................e4t " Beverly’s Benevolent Hairpin Reclamation Society," by Thomas A. Janvier: illustrations bv F. Strothmann. Other contributions by Burges Johnson and Wilbur D N'esbit. Drawings by A. B. Walker. E. Warde Bi.ais'dell, Ralph O. Yardlev. Harry Linnell. 35 Cents a Copy* Hnitmi n ihc Ne* York pwt^iRcfu*ecoiij.(i»u mwn.	$4.00 a Year. HARPER'S for OCTOBER A Novelette by Mary E. Wilkins Not in years has Miss Wilkins written anything more de- lightful than this novelette, “Dear Annie,” which begins in Harper’s for September. It is. in a way, a story of a modem Cinderella in a New England village, who finally rebels against her idle sisters and starts a new life for herself. Illustrated in color by Howard E. Smith. A Farce by Mr. Howells A comedy as amusing as the best of Mr. Howells’s earlier farces. The parting of a newly engaged couple at the steamer is fraught with innumerable obstacles and interruptions. Illus- trated by W. L. Jacobs. A Humorous Story by Irving Bacheller The increased cost of living is the theme of this new story by the author of “ Eben Holden.” Mr. Bacheller calls his story ‘‘Keeping Up with Lizzie.” Another “ Diane ” Story by Arthur Sherburne Hardy Mr. Hardy is one of the most finished and accomplished of American writers. Harper readers will recall his delightful story, “The Defence of Diane.” His new story is a most dra- matic episode in the life of the same heroine. A Romance by Frederic S. Isham Mr. Isham is better known as a novelist than as a short-story writer, but his romance, “The Treasure,” in the October Har- per's will give him a high rank in this new field. Illustrated in color and black-and-white by Elizabeth Shippen Green. A Story of the Woods by Norman Duncan One of the most dramatic stories which Mr. Duncan has written in this new field. The real hero is the “sky pilot” of whom Mr. Duncan has written ljefore. II.I It I'KIM MAQAZIHB ADVERTISER. HARPER’S for OCTOBER Important Special Articles The Soil as a Battle-Ground A. D. Hall, F.R.S., the author of this article, is the Director of the Rothamsted Experimental Station in England. He gives a most interesting picture of the work which science is doing in increasing the productivity of the soil. Some Difficulties of Bible Translation Professor Alexander Chamberlain, of Clark University, writes of the curious difficulties presented in translating the Bible into foreign tongues, where great ingenuity is necessary to convey the real meaning to strange and primitive peoples. Timothy Webster: Spy This is perhaps the most strikingly dramatic of Mr. W. G. Beymer’s articles on the heroic work of the spies and secret- service men in the Civil War. Webster’s career was a remark- able one, and he lost his life despite the greatest efforts of the Federal Government to save him. Taking the Cure A most entertaining article of travel by Louise Closser Hale, with many illustrations in tint from etchings and drawings by Walter Hale. The Making of a Great Telescope Professor G. W. Ritchey, the Superintendent of Construction of the Lick Observatory, writes most interestingly of the work of constructing one of the great telescopes of to-day—with what infinite care the lenses are ground, and how the whole wonderful machine is finally made ready for service. Other Articles on Travel, Literature, Humor, Art, Etc., Etc. llAHPEH'S UAQAZtMi ADV HKTiSEH. Ready - Nozv in Book Form - Ready Theodore Roosevelt’s Own Story of his Great Expedition African Game Trails Splendidly illustrated with drawings and with photographs taken by Ivermit; con- taining important additions to original text as given in Scribner’s Magazine. The Chance of a Lifetime to act as agent tor this, the most popular book bv the most popular man. High commission, monopoly ot territory guaranteed. Address Roosevelt-Scribner Society. Published in large 8vo edition. $4.00 net; postage extra; in a special autograph edition on Ruvsdael paper. Also in subscription edition. CHARLES SCRIBNER’S SONS, NEW YORK UAHPER'8 UA.QA.ZISK ADVERTISER. JUST PUBLISHED ONCE UPON ATIiME RICHARD HARDING DAVIS Illustrated. Si. 50 This, the first book of stories published by Mr. Davis in nine years, shows plainly that his pen has lost none of its old cunning. The same rapidity of narrative, the same deft delineation of character, the same vividness of description, hold in these stories—“The Spy,” “A Wasted Day,” “A Charmed Life,” “The Amateur,” “The Messengers,” “The Make-Believe Man,”' and others — that made him famous before. Some of these are based on the horrors of the Congo, the battles of the Spanish War, the inva- sion of Massachusetts by the Red Army of the National Guard. Others present such fascinating people as Clay and Hope in “Soldiers of For- tune,” as Van Bibber and Eleanor Schuyler in “Van Bibber and Others.” All are written with Mr. Davis’s famous, yet indefin- able, charm. 'I hey are his best work, showing, as they do, an even deeper feeling and keener insight than he has before displayed—a profounder comprehension and appreciation of human nature and human motives. READY AUGUST 3 1st REST HARROW	By maurice Hewlett Illustrated. Sl.50. “Open Country” and “ Halfway House” told the story of that delightful vagabond, poet, and botanist Senhouse, Sanchia Percival, Mary Middleham, and Nevile. This new book brings their story to a climax, and in doing so intro- duces other new and charming characters. The book is full of dramatic incident, and the plot moves swiftly. It is a story that for its exquisite style, its characters and wonderful feeling for the open air, stands among the few great novels of modern English literature. CHARLES SCRIBNER’S SONS, NEW YORK IIAKPKK’H UAQAZIKK AOVBHTISER. SCRIBNERS SEPTEMBER General Frederick Funston’s own story of his experiences as a filibuster and of fighting with Insur- gents begins in this number. A narrative of most unusual and exciting adventure, unsurpassed even by the most vivid and picturesque romance. The story of the author’s own life reads like some imaginary “ tale of cloak and sword.” The first article describes the memorable sailing of the Dauntless, with her cargo of arms and ammunition, under Captain “Dynamite” O’Brien, and the landing in Cuba. Theodore Roosevelt's African Hunting Series is continued in the September issue with an account of his Hunting the Great Rhinoceros of the Lado and his journey dowrn the Nile. This twelfth article is one of the most interesting of the series. Mr. Roosevelt in France, by William Morton Fullerton, the Paris correspondent of the London Times. Not a mere personal eulogy of Mr. Roosevelt, but a thoughtful and authoritative statement of the political conditions in France that made his utterances so significant, and the causes that made his reception by the French people one of the most remarkable in history. John Fox, Jr., tells of his experiences “On the Road to Hell- fer-Sartain,” the scene of one of his best-known stories. Edith Wharton: “The Blond Beast”—A Story—the eighth in her “Tales of Men.” Jesse Lynch Williams: Another of the “ Carroll ” stories— “The Carrolls’ Fortune.” EmeSt Peixotto : “Sketching in the Inferno”—Illustrated from paintings by the author. SEPTEMBER Number on Sale August 25th Subscribe for SCRIBNERS now—Three Dollars per year HARPER'S ilAOAZISE ADVERTISER. BY ACKNOWLEDGED MASTERS CELT AND SAXON By george Meredith Si.50 This hitherto unpublished novel turns on divergen- cies in character between the Irishman and the Anglo- Saxon; and though not quite finished, but standing complete as far as it goes, it is worthy to rank with the author’s greatest work. It gives clear views of English life in town and country; gives strongly individualized characters, English and Irish, some of great charm, and others, though lacking that quality, win the reader’s sym- pathy because the writer’s power of presentation makes them so well understood; and, beyond all, it sets forth in a remarkably impartial and human way the attitude toward each other of these two races and the elements that cause it. A MOTLEY	By JOHN GALSWORTHY Si.20 net: postage extra Mr. Galsworthy is one of the most prominent English writers both as a dramatist and novelist in England; the author of “Fraternity,” “A Country House,” and of that play so successful in England and America, “Strife.” “Pathos and humor, which fill a larger place in life than do hilarity and merriment, are the pre- vailing note of the book, which might perhaps best be briefly characterized as a book of tears and smiles.”—The Dial. “ There are 28 stories, studies, impressions— mere literary flashlights—which have such a haunt- ing vividness of intensity that they are as unforget- able as scenes revealed by the glare of lightning amid the thunder and torrent of a storm.” —Baltimore Sun. 2 CHARLES SCRIBNER’S SONS, NEW YORK HARPERS MXOA7.1XE ADVERTISER. “Novels are sweets. All people with healthy literary appetites love them. ” HAPPY ISLAND The new “Uncle William” hook by Jennette Lee Read this for the tang of the sea air and the magic of the moor and the joy of liv- ing. joy in the sweet, simple things of every day. Frontispiece in color.	$1.00 THE CROSSWAYS By the author of “Tillie : A Mennonite Maid,” Helen R. Martin How one woman built noble happiness out of the seeming wreck of marriage and •°vc.	$1.50 ANNE OF TREBOUL By the noted writer of short stories, Marie Louise Goetchius “No more beautiful love story—though it is not a love story at all in the usual sense of the words—has been writtcrt.”	$1.20 net, postage 10 cents MR. CARTERET By the author of the two “Gallops,” David Gray You will like the freshness of the open in these stpries, and the drv humor, and the wholesomeness of living and loving. Clever pictures. $1.00 net, postage 7 cent. FRANKLIN WINSLOW KANE By that finished and exquisite writer, Anne Douglas Sedgwick Franklin, Althea, Gerald, Helen—*' Life played queer tricks with these four.” The tellii'ig “is touched with masterly skill arid tenderness.”	$1.50 THE SKY-MAN A Robinson Crusoe tale of adventure by Henry Kitchell Webster Read this for adventure of the most delightfully impossible sort, and “ be borne away into the realm of adventure which we have loved since the world was young.” Illustrated.	$1.20 net, postage 11 cent* THE HOUSE OF MYSTERY By that clever spinner of yarns, Will Irwin The mystery, involves a curious mastery of one personality by another, menacing life ami love. The ending comes happily after a bitter and dramatic struggle. Pictures by Yohn.	' $1.15 net, postage 10 cents A VAGABOND JOURNEY AROUND THE WORLD “A very fascinating romance of adventure ” by Harry A. Franck The true story, in full detail, of how one man went around the world without a cent. He shares his jollv and unconventional good times with every reader. Over IOO pictures from the /mthor’s men sn/ip-shots.	$3.50 net, postage 23 cents THE CENTURY CO. : UNION SQUARE : NEW YORK HAMPER'S UAOAZINB ADVERTISER. The exquisite love story of a country doctor and his charming ward. The same humorous depiction of rural types as in “The Post-Girl”; the same charm of style. A notable work of fiction. A New Novel by Edward C. Booth Author of ‘'THE POST-GIRL.” Frontispiece in color. SI.30 net, postage 12 cents.	THE CENTOT.Y CO. HI RPICRS it A UAZISE ADVERTISE!:. Were You Ever Born? If so, see the great Fortune Telling feature coming soon in LIFE. Every- body on earth is interested in this. Your future at stake unless you obey that impulse and lead the cheerful Life. The Coming Numbers Goody Goody Hell Humorous Sky Midnight TWO WAYS: •Send One Dollar and secure a three months’ trial sub- scription. (Canadian, $1.13; Foreign, $i.a6. Open only to new subscribers. No subscriptions renewed at this rate. This offer is tut.) Or. Better send Five Dollars for one Year. Canadian, 55.52 ; Foreign, S6.04. Address LIFE, 20 West 31st St., N. Y. One-Hundred-Page Numbers of LIFE in the Near Future. HMtPKK-H UAUAZIXK ADVEKT1SKH. Copyright, mo. The Curtis Publishing Company The New Twice-a-Month Ladies' Home Journal BeginsThis Month Two complete, splendid magazines— the first is out August 25th; the next, September X Oth—at 10 cents a copy Twice the Number of Magazines At the Same Price $1.50 a Year for 24 Magazines The Curtis Publishing Company, Philadelphia HARPER’S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW EDITED BY GEORGE J/aX’I'EV For SEPTEMBER OUT AUG. 3 1 st It is now the only world-review pub- lished in this country. The September number is on the news-stands Aug. 31st. In its pages the men and women who speak with authority set down the record of the world’s progress, explain its prob- lems and lay bare its prophecies of the future. This September number is one not to be missed—there is, of course, no substitute for it among other magazines. September Articles of Special Importance: A Plea for Conservation ok Common Sense The Race to the White House..... The United States Peace Commission . . . . THE EDITOR . IRA E. BENNETT HAMILTON HOLT Shak.espf.are and Moliere.......BRANDER MATTHEWS The Public Lands of the United States.....MORRIS BIEN The Soul of Golf..............P. A. VAILE Business Enterprise and the Law . GILBERT HOLLAND MONTAGUE The Logic of Dreams..........HAVELOCK ELLIS The Methodist Episcopal Mission in Rome; A Reply to Dr. Vernon.......ARCHBISHOP IRELAND and numerous others This number will be on all news-stands August 3lst; 35 cents a copy. An annual subscription for regular readers is $4.00 a year. THE NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW FRANKLIN SQUARE, NEW YORK CITY HARPER’S MAGAZINE AHVKltTISKIl. EXCLUSIVELY IN “THE STRAND” A. CONAN DOYLE A new series of stories by this brilliant Author have been secured for the STRAND MAGAZINE The SEPTEMBER NUMBER of THE STRAND MAGAZINE will contain “TheTerror of Blue John Gap.” By A. CONAN DOYLE And, in addition, Articles and Fiction by many popular authors, including W. W. Jacobs	Morley Roberts Charles Garvice P. G. Wodehouse Etc., Etc. Price 15 Cents Of all Newsdealers ^ __ IT A RPf'R'S it AO AXIS E ADVERTISER. OUTING MAGAZINE >14 PI FT H AVlhUl KIW *0*1 ClTt C.Anteaters were voted deadly dull and stupid by the Outing staff until Charles Livingston Bull returned from South America. His story, beauti- fully illustrated, is passed on to you in the September issue. CLAfter you finish it you will find some mighty interesting articles on The PASSING OF Our Big Game.autumn hunt- ing and fishing, the new game of football, mechanical tips to the auto buyer and a dozen other topics having to do with the out-of-doors. C.AII news-stands. 25 cents. S3.00 a year. Send fifty cents In stamps to-day for three months' trial sub- scription. Liberal offer to local repre- sentatives. Write for terms. iDvOUTlNC PUBUSHINC COMPANY, lhc Rubaiyat of Bridge A BOOK OF FUN Vcrscs by CAROLYN WELLS Picture* in Color by MAY WILSON PRESTON One of those joyous little ideas—ihe trump of the season. The pictures arc full-pagc size, and there is a verse for each. De- lightful and harmless burlesques of bridge players shown in all their characteristic attitudes, with expressions of anxiety, ex- citement, rage, triumph, or gloom. 12mo, Cloth. $1.00 HARPER & BROTHERS. NEW YORK The Best Golf Book PRACTICAL GOLF By WALTER J. TRAVIS Revised Edition, 1909, including the New Rules The book is profusely illustrated from photographs. Crown Svo. 200 pages. Price, $2.00 net Mr. Travis, who won the amateur golf championship of the world, gives in these practical papers the results of his own ex- perience and practice. Mr. Travis is not only a plaj'er, but a student of golf. He has worked out its principles for himself, and in this manual he has set them down in order for the benefit of others. Harper & Brothers. New York HAKPBB’8 UAdA/.IM: MU f.m ISF.lt. m Seen the September “Smart Set”? Then, too. sixteen pages or so given over to an installment of a serial would be that much deducted from the rest of the magazine, the part that pleases those readers who don't like serials. So we said, “ Nothing doing.” and stuck to it for a long time. of novelette, short stories, sketches, and verse, all complete in each number, and then put on sixteen more pages to allow for a serial installment? Fine! So here it is—160 pages, just like all the past issues, everything com- plete in itself, the brightest, snappiest, livest. red-bloodiest examples of present- day literature that can be found—plus sixteen pages of the latest and best work of the most virile and most widely read novelist living today. E. Phillips Oppenheim stands right at the top. His novels have a wider vogue just now than those of any other man in the English-speaking world, be- cause they're real life, and brimful of action and fire. “The Illustrious Prince,” Jus.recent book on the Japanese peril, was a wonderful seller. “ Havoc,” beginning in this number, is his latest and biggest. As the story progresses it gets more tense and exciting, and ends in a very cyclone of startling happenings. Better arrange now to get every number. October's going to be a corking good issue. The complete novel is to be something quite unusual. “The Haunted Pajamas”—doesn’t that tickle your curiosity? Francis Perry Elliott, the author, has a singularly pleasing style, and you'll like the hero. It's the kind of novel that's read clear through at one sitting. Viola Burhans, whose novel, ''The Cave Woman,” is one of the best of the best sellers today, contributes a strong story of domestic life, “ A Second Chance." Angela Morgan’s newspaper story, " The Craving,” is a tense, illuminating account of the way some great “beats" are obtained. May Isabel Fisk’s “The Way of the World," Pierre Lorraine’s “The Chevalier de Recroi," and Margery Jackson’s “Zero Trois” are all stories of a striking character. “Other Women's Husbands ” -there’s a feature that will strike home! Phillipa Lyman's essay on this subject is delightful—it will open your eyes, perhaps. And .that's not all! Better see your newsdealer today. More magazine for your money this month—sixteen pages added A lot of people wanted a big serial story. This was against the old estab- lished policy of the Smart Set—which was to have each issue complete in itself. Finally, a bright idea flashed. Why not give our readers their usual 160 pages Ess Ess Publishing Co., 452 Fifth Avenue, New York 3 HARPERS MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. “ There are over 300 speeches in this book, and they range in theme from the horrors of the German language to dress reform. The volume exhibits our lovable lost humorist in a new and wholly delightful way. It forms really an im- portant addition to the list of his books.”— Chicago Evening Pott. MARK TWAIN’S SPEECHES THIS NEW BOOK reveals Mark Twain in a new and interest- ing phase. Mark Twain was first of all a lecturer, almost be- fore he began to write. In this book are some of his earliest humorous lectures and speeches. It contains several hun- dred, some long and some short. It shows in an accentuated way Mark Twain’s chief characteristics. Conceived and composed to be spoken, these speeches are even more simple and direct than his written works. 1‘he qualities of humor, philosophy, and great understand- ing of life are as paramount here as in Mark Twain’s books. These speeches, however, are all humorous in their style and method. They show one remarkable thing about Mark Twain’s work, whether spoken or written—he never repeated himself. It naturally follows that these lectures cover almost every conceivable subject, from weather and women to politics and fishing. The book has an Introduction by W. D. Howells, and also a Preface written by Mark Twain himself. This page is one of the most charac- teristic bits he ever wrote. The speeches of Mark Twain, in point of time, cover a little more than half of his life. Many of them were delivered at important occa- sions. Here will be found the speech delivered at Oxford when he re- ceived the Doctor’s degree from that university, speeches at various birthday dinners, etc. Uniform with Library Edition of Mark Twain's Works Crown 8vo, Red Cloth. $2.00 net HARPER BROTHERS HARPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. For Two Months the Best- Selling Novel in the U. S. The WILD OLIVE The Remarkable New Novel by the Author of “ The Inner Shrine ” The Bookman, whose figures are recognized as the national authority, now declares “ The Wild Olive ’’ to be the best-selling novel in the United States. The success of “ The Wild Olive ” is even greater than that of “ The Inner Shrine ” because the story is greater, better, finer. “ The Wild Olive ” has a broader basis of plot, a nobler conception of character, a higher idealism. It is—above all else—a remarkably human story. " It is assured of a success not inferior to that of 1 The Inner Shrine.' Of the two novels we place • The Wild Olive' first."—AW Orleans Picayune. " From the opening chapter it seizes the reader's attention, and this grip isn't released until the last word is said."—San Francisco Chronicle. "An even better success, and better deserved, is attending ‘The Wild Olive.’ . . . for the new book is. in its workmanship, a remarkable advance u|>on the other.” —A’eiv York Times. "The promise of ‘The Inner Shrine’ is more than borne out by this second novel. If it doesn't turn out to be the book of the year we shall miss our guess—but we don’t think we shall.”—A'ew York Press. Splendidly Illustrated by Lucius Hitchcock. Post 8<vo, Cloth, $1.50 HARPER & BROTHERS fl .1 It PUR'S UAGIZIXE ADVERTISER. A NEW NOVEL mm a SUCCESSFUL WIFE By G. DORSET IT moves with the swift, graphic, convincing action of a fine play. No “fine writing,” no analysis. One isn’t conscious of the words at all, but of the realities the words reveal. It is the romance and mystery of everyday life—the most wonderful and fascinating romance of all. The fact that one marriage in every twelve ends in divorce and the constant airing of marital infelicities in the news- papers have led many people to wonder what is wrong with men and women or with the institution of marriage itself. Here, in the heart- beats of men and women, you will find one answer. The story reads like a narrative of personal experience. Illustrated by James Montgomery Flagg. Post 8vo, Cloth, 91.50 Bianca’s Daughter By Justus Miles Forman THIS is a society story—plus a mystery. Both of these Mr. Forman does well, but never before has he done them with such distinction. '• Mr. Forman is one of the most expert novel writers of the time. This story is the very best that has ever come from his pen."—Salt Lake Tribune. " Sitting down in the easiest chair we could find, we opened Bianca's Daughter, and left neither the chair nor the book until we had turned the last page.”—New York World. With Frontispiece in Color Irom a Painting by George Gibbs. Post Svo, Cloth, $1.50 HARPER & BROTHERS Sianca’s augl) " ter JUB1 Bin* &D0*srt HARPER’S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. ft THE FRUIT ** OF DESIRE \ - *£> -- . r r T S * ’ % v*#i '£< ,- W \ 'I This novel is written by a successful author with a wide reputation in a particular field. Because this novel is of a totally different kind, the author has taken an assumed name that the book may be received wholly on its merits. The FRUIT of DESIRE By Virginia Demarest wcEas. Both the hero and heroine are normal, likable people; but they are forced by circum- stances to take an unusual view (pure and clean) of love and marriage. The hero, who, though innocent, has submitted to imprison- IJ	ment to save his brother, drifts to a village where he becomes a railroad bookkeeper. Here he meets the heroine —a girl who is as unfortunate in her way as the man is in his. Drawn together by mutual sympathy, the man and the girl form a warm friendship A rail- road superintendent discovers the man’s identity and dismisses him. At the same time the girl decides that her home life can no longer be endured. Together they leave the village for New York. On the train they are taken for man and wife in order to escape the girl’s pursuers. Without the reality of marriage, they are united by a closer, stronger bond than are most married people. It is from this strange situation that the whole- some and unusual story develops. Post 8vo, Cloth, $1.20 net SNOW-FIRE By the Author of “The Martyrdom of an Empress ” 1[ “Only those who have lived in Russia . . . can appreciate fully the accuracy of the portrayals of life at the Imperial Court and in the great world of St. Petersburg contained in ‘Snow-Fire.’ ”—New York Times. “A daring picture of Russian Court life and St. Petersburg intrigues, ‘Snow-Fire’ runs the gamut of the emotions. . . . This titled writer knows the complicated personalities with whom she has to deal.”—Brooklyn Eagle. "[ “A novel of thronging and sometimes tragic excitement.” — Chicago Record-H erald. H “The author is a born story-teller. We read because we must.”— Minneapolis lielhnan. With Four Illustrations In Color lrom Water-Color Drawings made by the Author.	Crown 8vo, Cloth. 91.50 net. HARPER & BROTHERS IIA It PKll'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. The Big New Novel THE RAMRODDERS Hoi man D ay Author of " King Spruce. " etc. ERE is a so-called “man’s novel" which is being read more women than nine-tenths of the spring romances. •J1 '-mL \ BF'"- -V"1 '• \ Why? Simply because it’s \^ \ real—a genuine story of power 1	•	and humor. “Interest as keen and unwavering as that of a hunter awaiting the coming of a horn-lured moose is aroused in ‘The Ramrodders,’ a powerful, important narrative." This is the opinion of the Boston Globe, which adds: “And not since David Harum days has such genuine, smile-making, back-on-the-soil humor been found between the covers of a book.” A letter from Mr. Day explaining the title says: “In the early days of the Maine prohibition movement the term ‘ramrodders’ was applied to the ex- tremists in the agitation. I employ it to denote the bigots and zealots who by ultra-fanaticism injure whatever cause they espouse. Such are ‘ramrodders’ —whatever side they may be on.” ^V\th Frontispiece. Post 8vo, Cloth. SI.50 THE. r^R0DD£R5 HARPER & BROTHERS HARPER'S UAOAZISE ADVERTISER. GOING SOME By Rex Beach f T is curious that a writer should have two personalities — two opposite sides — curious and most unusual. Here is Rex Beach, whom we know only as the author of splendid stories ot out- door life. Now he comes before us in a new and surprising role as the writer of one of the funniest stories ever written. It is rollicking, A ROMANCE OF STRENUOUS AFFECTION galloping, scintillating, sparkling fun from beginning to end—and withal clean and sweet as a girl’s fresh laughter. Trouble arises from the fact that the hero has led his friends to believe he is an athlete, when, as a matter of fact, he never did anything more athletic than lead the cheering for others. If you mind slang, keep away ! Many Humorous Illustrations by Mark Fenderson Post 8vo, Cloth, $1.25 HARPER & BROTHERS HARPER’S MAO A/,1 SB ADVERTISER. CAVANAGH Fores* Ranger By Hamlin Garland With an Introduclion by Gillord PIncbot •I “The romance is first-class, well conceived	* “ The author who has made a great literary and written with a skill and strength to com-	success among book lovers with his former mand unstinted admiration.”	stories has certainly excelled with his last —Salt Lake City Tribune,	book.”—New Haven Union. *	" It is the best hook on the new W est since	* “ It is photographically perfect and atmos- The Firginian, and it keeps closer to	pherically delightful.”—Chicago Examiner. reality.”—Pittsburg Gazette^irnes.	«I “A rush of action, a bugle-call of patri- *	“Though forest conservation is the theme,	otism, a poignant sincerity of emotion—all the author has not neglected the writing of	make this a remarkable romance of W estern a strong and dramatic story.”	life.”—Pittsburg Leader. S	pnngfield Union.	« “His hero, Cavanagh, is a man of Gifford *j “Up to the level of the best achievement of	Pinchot’s own mettle.” the famous author."—Buffalo EveningNeivs.	—Chicago Record-Herald, news story. If “A live book about an interesting phase of	f “Here is a novel of the Mountain West, life.”—Syracuse Post-Standard.	strong, realistic, with a sweeping vision of big *	“This drama of the present day deals	and vital things.”—Sioux City 'Journal. powerfully and realistically with important	r“ Represents the new and law-abiding affairs and elemental passions. Its hero is	West that is coming to take the place of the a type of the new, law-abiding, hustling	old West of unlicensed passion and contempt W'est.”—Philadelphia North American.	for human life.”—Savannah Press. Witb Frontispiece. Post 8vo, Clolb, $1.50 The O’FLYNN A New Romance By Justin Huntly McCarthy Author ol “II I Were King.” “The Duke’s Motto.** etc. CJJ The O' Flynn is a tale of love and war, with a novel environment. The scene is laid in Ireland in the year 1689, the year of the Bovne battle. The time was a brilliant one. Irish soldiers of fortune with delightful names did splendid deeds against desperate odds, and fair Jacobite ladies moved graciouslv through the glitter of a transient court at Dublin. Flvnn O’Flynn is one of these soldiers ot fortune who returns from the foreign wars to an impoverished estate and a ruined dwelling known to the country-side as Castle Famine. His love for the beautiful Lady Benedetta Mountmichael is the main theme of the storv. J With Frontispiece. Post 8vo, Cloth, $1.50 HARPER & BROTHERS HARPER'S U.UlA/.tSE ADVERTISER. A Very Unusual Novel HEARTS Schock CONTENDING “Vibrant with primeval purpose ant! elemental passion, a story of repressed and reticent people struggling to utter and to realize themselves. For Intensity of Interest, for pressure of emotion and shock of denouement, seldom does one come upon chapters so remarkable."— New York American. *	The atmosphere is one of pastoral simplicity, the people are simple and strong—Ger- mans living in a Pennsylvania valley—the Heiligthal—but the story, in spite of its sim- plicity, is tremendous, inexorable, dramatic, true. *	Job Heilig is the patriarch of the Heiligthal, prosperous, strong, and exceedingly just. His great fault is his undertaking to manage the livesof his children,three sonsandone daughter. Job’s troubles begin when he takes into his home an orphan girl named Bertha Lieb. The second son comes home with the intention of giving up the ministry, and falls in love with Bertha, and the eldest son—who is head-man of the farm—also develops a passion for her. The action is tinged with the element of absolute fate, and the work- ing-out of these lives to a triumphant end is more than a story. With Frontispiece in Color by Denman Fink. Post 8vo. Cloth, $1.50 “The thistledown of it car- ries many a seed for thought ” MARY CARY By Kate Langley Bosher ^“Worthy of being received into all the households of America, a story that, in time, will be as much of a favorite as Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch.” —Portland Oregonian. f "And we like her, really like her, and we like the little love story she watches and of which she tells US.”—Buffalo Express. r “One of those books that people read and talk about and quote, and that is the reason Mary Car\ is already in a fair way of becoming as well known as Mrs. Wiggs and Rebecca of > Sunny brook Farm.”—Philadelphia Telegraph. *	“Let s be glad for books like Mary Cary. It isn’t so much what Mary Cary does, how- ever. as what she is. bless her! that warms the cockles of the chilliest, most snugly corseted heart.”—Chicago Record-Herald. With Frontispiece in Color. 12mo, Cloth, *1.00 net 4 HARPER & BROTHERS HARPER’S UAOAZISE ADVERTISER. The Ship-Dwellers By ALBERT BIGELOW PAINE Author of "The Tent-fhi’rllcrs.’' etc. “ Mr. Albert Bigelow Paine, sometime secretary to the late Mark Twain, does not hesitate to admit that his new book was inspired by ‘ Innocents Abroad,’ which he read when he was a very young child, and often since. It is an account of a Mediterranean voyage touching many countries, but relying chiefly upon an alert and sensitive mind, a keen observation, and unfailing humor. ... It is ane of the best * chatty ’ books of travel we have had in a long time."—Neiv York Herald. Crown 8vo, Cloth. Illustrated. $1.50 net Mark Twain’s boTu CAPTAIN STORMFIELD’S VISIT TO HEAVEN One of Mark Twain’s funniest books. He humorously declares that this narrative, written in the first person, is Captain Stormfield's own account of his celestial journey, taken from his own manuscript. “ One day," says the Captain, “ I lit. I drifted up to a gate, and the head-clerk says,' Well, quick! Where are you from?”' The Captain tries to reply by naming in turn San Francisco, California, the United States, America. They have never heard of any of them. Finally he has an idea. “‘I’m just from the world,' he says. ‘ What world?’ the clerk says. ‘There’s billions of them! Next!’” (Uniform with "Adam’s Diary.” etc.) With Frontispiece. Crown 8vo, Cloth, $1.00 The Apple-Tree Cottage By ELINOR MACARTNEY LANE A little pastel sketch in apple-green—a midsummer story, light and delicate and fresh as the summer sea itself, of the New England coast, and a flower-bordered cottage by the side of it. The story is one of those where ‘‘he and she" are all that count in the gold-and-blue summer setting. The humor is as crisp as in “ Katrine.” With Illustrations In Color by Frank Crain. (Uniform in slxo with “ Jorisvihan and David.” etc.) !6mo. Cloth, 50 ccnts not HARPER & BROTHERS HARPER'S AM OAZINB A DV BUT I HER. Now for the first time ^ I	^ you get a complete set of all Mark Twain’s writings at \	just exactly one-half the price they have ever been sold before. 5 This is a new edition, just as complete as the old one, which still sells, by the way, at $50.C0. This new edition is only $25.00 for the 25 volumes. Price A New Edition It had been Mark Twain’s ambition to have his books in every American home, and he made a great personal sacrifice to bring about this remarkable opportunity— for the first time in the history of publishing, copyrighted books are sold at the price of non-copyrighted books-the chance will not come again. But for Mark Twain’s action this would have been impossible. Never before has a copyrighted library set of a standard author's works been issued at such a low figure. His Complete Works- 25 Beautiful Volumes HARPER & BROTHERS Franklin Square New York Cll» Brander Matthews says : “ Mark Twain wiil be included in that group of writers headed by Moliire and Cervantes. With the exception of Count Tolstoi. Twain was the greatest of rcccnt modern writers, and will be handed down to posterity / through the trio of his works ‘Huckleberry Finn.' 'Tom Sawver.' and / iv™ «nd mt lor a- i *| • ,■ * |	■ •	until ition, ( irri jjc** Irff, luddnhead Wilson. Twain is a greater stylist than Stevenson or ✓ „,„t „t MAKKTWAIN’s Thoreau. and his 'Man that Corrupted Hadlevburg' is one of the finest / WORKS Author*. Nn- works in English liieraturc.” Mark Twain himself wrote a preface / Honal Edition, t w mt y - fi vevol- to this edition. Brander Matthews has written the biographical / “'"**• clo,h l,indlnK- 11 L* Criticism of Mark Twain and his work. There are portraits of / *•*1 *	****,£? .	• * • .	,	1 .	/ and at the cxnlntlon of that time, it I d<> the author at penods when the different books were in proc- / not care lor th.	, wln „,turn ^ at ess of writing. There arc beautiful pictures by such artists as Frost, Newell, Smediey. Thulstrup. Clinedinst, Kemble, anil Opper. The binding is in rich red rep silk book cJnth, with title labels stamped in gold. The books are printed on white antique wove paper, espe- ci.illv ma<le for this edition. Each volume is /' sUcn«ture of generous size and bulk. 5X7>< inches. / HARPER & BROTHERS bend hook# to. your e*pen*<\ II I keep the hook*, I wilt remit #2,00 n month until the lull price. $25.00, has been paid, or, within thirty ditys, $23.75 us pay- ment In lull. MO A Catalogue of Our Standard Set* of Books will be sent upon request 11 I It PE KB UAQAZ1.XR A P VFllTI SER. Books for Elementary Schools HARPERS MODERN SERIES OP SUPPLEMENTARY READERS I.	Boy Life Stories .and Readings Selected from the Works of William Dean Howells and Arranged for the 6th, 7th, and Sth Grades by Pertaval Chubb, Director of English in the Ethical Culture School. New York. Illustrated. II.	Travels at Home by Mark Twain Selected from the Works of Mark Twain by Percival Chubb for Home and Supplementary Reading in the 6th. 7th, and Sth Grades Illustrated. W3L I feel sure. find a place in all school* in which tenchcni ud superintendents believe th»t there should be placed in the heads of our pupils inorc literature that is National and Amcr- A imrnvprl in Rnstnn Pnmhridcre jmrl nthi-r	^.U»n is now found m readitur-boolc*. Ur. Cliuhb has shown Approved in Boston, i_am oriole. ami niner	admirable ju4™™t in h>» selection.. c«rd in the school, „r Massachusetts cities and towns. Approved for	'•>" aty." — Albebt Lioxaud, Superintendent of Schools. the New York sch.wl library list. On the ap-	*£w R^”'- N,^ . proved text-book list in Ohio and elsewhere. Used in New Rochelle and other towns and cities in New York. Colorado, and other States. Approved for the Kentucky school library list. Approved for the township library Hst of Wis- consin and many other library and school lists. III.	Travels in History by Mark Twain Selected from the Works of Mark Twain by C. N. Kendall. Superintendent >>f Schools in Indianapolis. Indiana, and Arranged for Home and Supplementary Reading in the 6th, 7th. and Sth Grades. Illustrated. Each of the above, 50 cents, school. Tales of the Greeks The Children’s Plutarch Tales of the Romans With an Introduction to each volume by W. D. HOWELLS Illustrated by Walter Crane, tamo. Cloth. Pictorial Covers. Two Volumes, each. 50 cents school; 7 5 cents rejrular. The classic for children of ten to fourteen years. The aim of the books is to open the treasures of Plutarch's Lives and to tell these tales in simple language. A special topical index has been added. Mr. Howells writes: " It is more a pleasure than 1 can well say to write of these books which Mr. F. J. Gould has made for the children." A Holiday with the Birds	Little Busybodies. The ut« „f Cricks*. Ann. By Jeannette Marks and Julia Moody	Bee*. Beetle*, and Other Busybodies Illustrated. Cloth, 75 cents.	Jeannette Marks and Julia Moody Story-told Science. Three children go swim- Illustrated. Post_ 8vo. Cloth. 7j cents. ming. picnicking, berrying, sailing, motor-boat- ing, taking breakfast out-of-doors, and having altogether the jolliest romps. It is on such oc- casions that they see the birds. Strange Stories Series STRANGE STORIIiS OF COLONIAL DAYS. STRANGE STORIES OF THE REVOLU- TION STRANGE STORIES OF jSij. STRANGE STORIES OF THE CIVIL WAR. Harper’s Athletic Series ON TRACK AND DIAMOND. ON THE GRIDIRON. MAKING GOOD—STORIES OF GOLF. Etc. Cloth. Illustrated. Five wide-awake children and a holiday life of good times give the story-set ting, so that no child could well suspect that he was having a “lesson.” But as a result the species and life habits of each insect are made dear and real. Adventure Series ADVENTURES OP UNCLE SAM'S SAILORS. ADVENTURES OP UNCLE SAM'S SOL- DIERS. ADVENTURES WITH INDIANS. ADVENTURES OF PIRATES AND SEA- ROVERS. ADVENTURES AT SEA. ADVENTURES IN FIELD AND POREST. Price, each. 60 cents. THE FRIENDLY STARS. By Martha Evans Martin. Diagrams . net.S1.a5 GOOD HUNTING. By Theodore Roosevelt. Post Svo......j.oo LINCOLN AND THE SLEEPING SEN- TINEL. By L. E. Chittenden net. 50 Books of Story and Fact A Book for Every Teacher WONDER TALES FROM WAGNER. By Anna Alice Chapin. Each, Illus- trated, Post 8vo.......$1 CREASY’S DECISIVE BATTLES OF THE WORLD. (Bnl&rffcd E<!ition> . 1 DECISIVE BATTLES OF AMERICA. Edited by Ripley Hitchcock ... 1 »5 50 5° Class Teaching and Management By WILLIAM ESTABROOK CHANCELLOR, Author of “Our Schools; Their Administration and Supervision" Cloth, Si.00 school; Si.20 net. (In Press.) The purpose of this book is to present the principles of class teaching in respect both to instruction and to discipline. This treatment of the theory and practice of class instruction is intended for use in teachers' reading circles and as a text-boolc in professional schools of education. Correspondence Invited. Juvenile catalogue sent on application. HARPER & BROTHERS, ERANKLIN SQUARE, NEW YORK IfARPER'8 UAQAZIXE ADVERTISER. For high School and College Students A FRESH TEXT-BOOK Of CIVICS FOR HIGH SCHOOLS AND PRIVATE SCHOOLS how Americans are Governed m Nation, State, and City By CRITTENDEN MARRIOTT, Author of “Unde Sam’s Business," etc. With an Introduction by Dr. James Sullivan, Principal of the Boys’ High School, Brooklyn. Post Svo, Cloth, Si.25. The plan and methods of American government, national, state, and city, are told with sim- plicity and interest of style. Practical powers of the government are explained over tariff, coinage, railways, trusts, post-office, etc.; such problems as those of the Inter-State Commerce Commission, the question of rebates, the relations of trusts to the public, and conservation are defined. Topical questions follow the chapters. By the Same Author Uncle Sam’s Business Post Svo. Cloth, Si.25. "The book is to be praised. ... A clear exposition. . . . Children of a larger growth may also find it illuminating. ’—N. Y. Evening " * *' ” Post and N. Y. Nation. Harper’s Practical Books. Each Crown 8vo. Many Illustrations. $1.75 HARPER’S OUTDOOR BOOK FOR BOYS. By Joseph H. Adams and others. HARPER’S INDOOR BOOK FOR BOYS. By Joseph H. Adams and others. HARPER'S ELECTRICITY BOOK FOR BOYS. By Joseph H Aoams. HARPER’S MACHINERY BOOK POR BOYS. By Joseph H. Adams. The Speaking Voice By KATHERINE JEWELL EVERTS So far from being a mere discourse on elocu- tion, this is a vivacious, familiar discussion of the proper management of the voice in ordinary conversation. The author is a well-known teacher of vocal culture. Cloth. Si.00 net. The Elements of International Law By GEORGE B. DAVIS (Revised Edition.) Including the results of the Second Peace Conference at The Hague. 8vo, S2-S0. HARPER S HOW TO UNDERSTAND ELEC- TRICAL WORK. By W. H. Onkbn. I*-, and Joseph B. Baker. HARPER’S HANDY BOOK FOR GIRLS. Edited by Anna Parmly Parbt. THE STORY OF GREAT INVENTIONS By Elmer Ellsworth Burns. Si.25. (In Press.) The Technique of Speech By DORA DUTY JONES While the mechanism of speech—how sounds are formed by the lips, tongue, and throat—has been understood. Miss Jones here applies this knowledge in a thoroughgoing way to the study of English diction. Post Svo, Cloth, Si.'2s net. The Technique of the Novel By Prof. CHARLES P. HORNE Post 8vo, Cloth. §1.50 net. The American Nation—A History USED IN COLLEGES AND HIGH SCHOOLS THROUGHOUT THE COUNTRY An entirely new work from original sources, seven years in the making. The work of author- scholars from twenty universities. Edited by Albert Bushnell Mart. Professor of History. Harvard, with the co-operation of four state historical societies. The first American Historical Atlas—186 special maps. The standard American history—the standard for all time. The University Edition. Bound in Blue Cloth. $2.00 per volume. By ROBERT KENNEDY DUNCAN The Chemistry of Commerce. A graphic narrative of the wonderful work of applied chemistry in the industrial world to-day. It affords an engrossing story of the invention and manufacture of commodities that are close to the business or home interests of each one of us. Fullv Illustrated. Svo, Cloth. $2.00 net. The Principles of Banking. Post Svo, Cloth, Si.75 net. Correspondence Invited HARPER & BROTHERS, FRANKLIN SQUARE, IIARPER’S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. By CHARLES A. CONANT NEW YORK NEW YORK CITY. THE VELTIN SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. College Preparation. Number of pupils limited to twelve in «»ch class. Fireproof building, thoroughly equipped. 160-163 West 74th Street, N. Y. THE GRAHAM SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Established in 18*6. Resident and day pupils. To be re- opened October sth by the successors of the Miises Graham. Mr. and Mrs. Howard D. Miner, 43 Riverside Drive, N. Y. THE SEMPLE BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL lor (iirii A city school with country advantage*. House di- rectly opposite Central Park. Outdoor sports it specialty. Music. Art. Languages. Social Recreation. Mrs. T. Darrisoto* Semi-le. Principal. 141 Central Park West (Cor 84th St.). M. Y. MISS KELLER'S SCHOOL. New. well - ventilated. fireproof building. Gymnasium. Laboratory, Roof-garden, etc. Complete course from kinder- garten to college. Post-graduate courses. Literature. Trench. Music. Art. etc Small Resident Department. For circulars, address Eleanor 1, Kem.uk. Pd.M., 35-37 East bad Street. N. Y. GORDON WINSTON SCHOOL FOR GERLS. Boarding and Day. Collette Preparatory. General, and Elec- tive Courses. Awarded a First Competitive Scholarship to Bryn Mawr College. Mr*. Mary W. Somerville, A.M.. Principal. S3o West End Avenue. N, Y. BRANTWOOD HALL. School for girls in beautiful Lawrence Park. Pour miles from New York City limits. New. modern buildings, ideal environ- ment for scholastic ami social development. College preparatory and academic courses. Certificate admits to leading colleges. Address Brantwood Hall. Broxxvillr, N. Y. THE FINCH COUNTRY AND CITY SCHOOLS. Country School. Mt. Kisco. N. Y. For girls from twelve to sixteen. A simple, outdoor life. City School, 61 and 63 East 77th Street. New York City. For girls seventeen to twenty. All of the advantages of the city, with a course carefully planned to take the place of college. Por catalogues, address Mrs. Jessica G. Finch, A.B., LL.B.. Principal. 61 and 63 East 77th Street. New York City. THE GARDNER HOME SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Exclusive location. Regular and Special Courses. Music. Art, Elocution. Physical culture, .-esthetic dancing. Individual care. Much outdoor life. All advantages of city with driight- 07	Fifth Avenue. N \ . ful home life. THE COMSTOCK SCHOOL. „6th year. Family and Day School for Girls. Miss Day, Principal. 31 W. 40th St.. N. Y, MISS SPENCE’S Boarding and Day School for Girts. Number in each class limited to eight pupils. Re- moved from 6 West 48th Street to .new fireproof building. 30 West ssth Street. Residence, >6 West 55th Street, N. Y. SYMS SCHOOL. Twelfth year opens October 3. There were last year Ninety- six Boys, from Six to Eighteen years old, under Fourteen Teachers. This record means individual attention. Applicants must be well recommended. Office open during September. Wilburt Perry Ferguson. Head Master. 40-51 East 61st Street. New York City. Mrs. HELEN M. SCOVILLE’S SCHOOL for Girls. Music, Art. Household Economics. Homo care and social life. Regular courses and special studies. Physical culture, riding, outdoor exercise. Gymnasium. European travel party. ao4j Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y\ DR. EARLE'S COLLEGIATE. Girls’ Day and Boarding School. 15th year. A successful pre- paratory and finishing school. Music, Art, Languages, Social Forms. Social and Literary Secretaryship, Foreign Travel. House- hold Arts, Physical Culture. Full equipment, trained instruc- tors. Catalogue. Dr. E. Lyell Earle. 51 W. «6th St.. New Yorx. N. Y. Miss McFee’s Boarding and Day School. Kindergarten to College. Also Alexandra Hall for School and College graduates pursuing advanced study. Music. Art, Lan- guages. Dancing. Social and Artistic Advantages, European travel. Donai.ua McFee, A.B., Ph.D., 151 West 7id St.. N.Y. HORACE MANN SCHOOL of Teachers College. Columbia University. Perfect appointments for all grades. Physical Education Building open on Saturday. New Athletic Field. Afternoon study-hours. Open Monday Sept. ifith. Circulars cn application. Sami KL T. Duttox, Supt., Broadway and isoth Street. N. Y 31 Country fe’djool for #trls in ilcto JJork Cttp ■Brot .Features of C.ountrp anB (titg Lift Out-of-door Sports^on School Park of ,5 acres near the Hudson Kiver. Full Academic Course from Primary C lass to Graduation, upper Clast for Advanced Special Students, Music and Arc. Certificate admits to College. School Coach Meets Day Pupil#- iflioo -Bangfo ana iflies Chiton, Ritierbale JlUenue, near 2520 direct, Weit HARPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. NEW YORK CITY (continued). AMERICAN ACADEMY OF DRAMATIC ARTS FOUNDED IN 1884 Connected with Mr. Charles Fiohman's Empire Theatre and Companies Recognized as the leading institution (or dramatic training in this country. HOAKll OK TRUSTEES FRANKLIN H. SARGENT. Pimdent DANIEL FROHMAN	JOHN DREW AUGUSTUS THOMAS BENJAMIN F. ROEJ5ER Fur rntnloffur him! informal inn, apply to TIIK MM'RKYARY, ROOM 147. CAHKK6IK HALL, S*W YORK NEW YORK COLLEGE OF MUSIC Thorough instruction in all branches of Music by jo eminent instructors. Send for Catalogue. Carl Hkin,	i Auodst Frakmchx. ' _Dept. B. u8. 130 Kast ;Mh Street. N. Y. MISS ELINOR COMSTOCK <PupU ol Theodore Leschctiikv) announce* the opening of a Resident Piano School for Girls in New York City. October nth, 1910 Directors. For catalogues, apply to Miss Km nor Commock. NEW YORK LAW SCHOOL. 740 Madison Ave.. New York City. Jay hcho . * Dwight Method in three years. Georgs Chat Day School. Evening School. iod" of instruct* High standards. e, Dean. of instruction. LL.B. in two years. Send for catalogue. LL.M. 174 Pulton Street, S. Y. N. Y. HOMOEOPATHIC MEDICAL COLLEGE. Have you choaeo a profession! There are opportunities in Medicine, especially Hom<eop»thic Medicine. Send tor Catalogue C. New York Homoeopathic Medical College and Flower Hospital. Royal S. Coi-blakd A.M., M.D., Dean. Avenue A, Ojrd and 64th Streets. N. Y. MRS. HAZEN’S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Half-hour from Grand Central Station. New York. Mrs. John Cunningham Bairn. Principal. Miss Sara Lm*t*i* Tracy, Associate Pelham Minor. New York. Gymna* City). HEATHCOTE HALL. The MIsks Lor swoon's Collegiate School for Girls. G •ium, General and Prrairatory Courses. Music and Art. ScARsDALr. N.Y. («o minutes from New York Ci THE MISSES RAYSON’S" Boarding and Day School for Girls. Re-opens October 6th _164. 166. 168 West 75th Street. N. Y. Miss C. E. Mason’s Suburba“ school For Girl, and Young Women The Cattle Tarrvtown- on-Hudion _ N. Y. Crowns one of the most beautiful heights of the Hudson y>- rnile view of the river. An ideal union of home and school life Advantage of,'close proximity to the academies of art and science of New York, yet environed by the roost beau- tiful surroundings and tienelicial influences. College pre- paratory. graduating, and special courses; all departments. Certificate admits to leading colleges For illustrated cir- cular, address MIKS C. K. M VM»N.	I.oek llos Toft. JuatUutr of Mnmmi Art of tljr (Hilo of thirk Jrank Bamraaci;. Sirrrtnr An Endowed School of Music The Institute was established and liber- ally endowed In 1905 to provide for talented students the opportunity to secure a thorough, complete, and comprehensive education in music without the necessity of going abroad. From the first year it has had all the stu- dents it could accommodate. It Is the Only School of Its Kind in America It is not a commercial enterprise, but is conducted solely in the interests of higher musical education. Its tuition fees are mod- erate and uniform, and cover all the tech- nical and theoretical subjects contained in a given course. It secures the services of teachers of the highest excellence, whose private terms would be prohibitory to most students. Among others, the following are regular members of its teaching staff: OPERA—Ternina. Giraudet, von Niessen- Stone. PIANO—Stojowski, Tapper, Hochman. ORGAN—Gaston Dethier. VIOLIN—Knelsel. CELLO—Wllleke. THEORY and COMPOSITION—Percv Goetschius. The opportunities of the Institute are in- tended only for students of natural ability with an earnest purpose to do serious work, and no others will be accepted. Since the number of students is fixed at 600, and a large proportion of the old pupils will con- tinue their studies next year, only a limited number of new pupils can be admitted in October. The Institute will move this Fall into a large, new building specially erected for it on the banks of the Hudson, opposite Grant’s Tomb. Application for admission should be made early, in no case later than October 1st, to insure consideration. For catalogue and full information, address Box 100, 53 Fifth Avenue, New York After September fat Box 100, 120 Claremont Ave., New York BAKPER’S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. SCHOOLS 6, COLLEGES. NEW YORK. ip . rtirntmr. WgMltllMilW'.'tSjU - gr: New York Miliiary Academy Cop mw a l. l — on — Hudson A TECHNICAL PREPARATORY SCHOOL. ™» famous school will have ready for occupancy on ■he mn« he.»>if..i .. J _ i . m i ,	Sept. I at, four Urge fire-proof buildings, which will constitute Hive? Hi»W.nd« rnM	w	ln,,he, country, excepting only Test Point. It Is located in the Hudson In militar* ininl’n. —IT ^	u* m°inV region famous for Its beauty and healthfulness. For thoroughness and success class of /ch™?«	?‘5,c,pline hc *,r Department has for many years graded the academy in “ Cla„ A," the highest ■vmnaslum m,i„ Zifi?'crn.me"‘ supervision. Separate department for boys under fourteen, beautiful athletic fields, gymnasium, cavalry, military band, rillc range. For catalog addrin tht Adjutant. What School? Too Hill Come lo EASTMAN II You Investigate. A course in this great school of business will qualify yon to command three times the salary rou are capable of earning without some special raining. If you are seeking employment Eastman Can Help You You cannot drift to success. You must prepare yourself for tho work you wish to do and then do It with your might. If you want to start right, come to Eastman (Poughka.p.t. or How York). All Commercial Branchos. Now students may enter any week day. The courses are short, practical and Interesting. Write for FREE prospectus to OlMiwCC.6tl«M,M.A.lR.L. Pmldrnl, Boi 610, Puughkrcptlr, \.Y. REPTON SCHOOL. ■ • >.- For boy* up to >6.' Limited numlier admit* of an average of fit* to a class and assures every boy personal rare and individual attention. Country .life with exceptional environment. Com- pete modern equipment. Rato. »soo. Special Deportment for little boys, $4oo. .	•.< . Headmaster, - Box C-i, TAtmvTows-oM-Ht'PSQX. N. Y. MACKENZIE SCHOOL. Equipped and.administered, under the conditions of a well- endowed school and of a careful home for the.thorough DtTiHtm. tion of iso boys for Colleges. Technical Schools or Business. Physical training and athletic coaching for even' boy. James C. Mackenzie, Ph.'D.. Director. -• - Donas Perry-om-Hl-dson. N. y. Rensselaer Troy, N. Y. Polytechnic and Science Institute SCounet In Civil KiijjlnepriiiK (C. K.). Mechanical En- jneering(M. E.). Electrical Engineering (K. E.), and .eneral Science (B. S.). Also Special Courses. Unsurpassed new Chemical. Physical, Electrical, Me- chanical and Materials Testing laboratories. ror catalogue and Illustrated pamphlets showing work of graduates and students and views of buildings and campus, apply to JOHN II. NITGKNT, Registrar. SAINT PAUL’S SCHOOL. Walter R. Marsh, Head Master. •*WE KNOW HOW TO TEACH BOYS." Catalogue sent on request. Box Garden City ft,. I.), N. Y. MOHEGAN LAKE SCHOOL. Thorough prepamtion for College. Technical School, or Business. Modern buildings. Healthy location on Mohegan Lake. In the heart of tho Highlands of the Hudson. Special attention to physical training. Outdoor sports under competent director. Booklet. A. E. Linder. A.M.. Chas. H. Smith. A.M.. Principals. Box SO, Mohican, Westchester Co.. N. Y. RUGBY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Sends yearly 10-15 boy* to College and Technical School Indi- vidual instruction. Most careful attention to insure success of each bov Takes it* boys abroad during summer. Rates Ssoo. Number liniited. Term opens September 10th. Catalogue. Frank R. Sherman, Director. 110 Baker Ave„ Syr Address Y. thnvnehly preparing boys for college, scient ific *chool* or Imsme ....... “fe. Manual training Location only ji mi Mount Plbasant Hall is for boy* und RIVER VIEW ACADEMY. A College Preparatory School for Boy*. School opens Septem- ber list. 10:0. Tlie completion of the 75th school year will bo celebrated in June. 1911. Catalogue sent on request. Joseph B. Btsnnit. A.M., Principal. Box 701. Pot’OHKEKPSIR, N. 1 MOUNT PLEASANT ACADEMY. This school, founded in tSu. has won the reputatio ......>vs for col' Delightful home life Manual trainin from New York. M<............... Write for catalogue to Charles Frederick Bri-sie. Box jo». OssiNtxo-ox-HuDsox. N. Y. The OAKWOOD SEMINARY for Boys and Girls. Collette preparation under management of Friend*. Endowed. $350.	Union Smumgs-ox-Cayvoa Lakc. N. Y THE SOMES SCHOOL. Ideal home for thirty boys. On Cayuga Lake, near Cornell University. College preparation by expert teachers. Mittdu.il and class instruction, modern equipment, healthful location. Unusual opportunities for outdoor recreation. $ooo, At'RORA. N. Y WILSON SCHOOL FOR BOYS I gives a thorough training to a limited number of bovs of high char- I acter for the leading Universities. For Catalogue, references, and ■ information, addres* Heaomastbr,	„	r.	„. FtSfUtXI.L-ON-Hl'PSON. N. V HACKLEY LOWER SCHOOL. BOYS 9 TO 13. Situated on an elevation soo feet above tho Hudson River, twenty-five miles from New York City Modem facility for thorough school training with every natural ndnn. tage for healthful home life Pretwrrs for Hackley I pper bchoel. For catalog and illustrations, aditress Harold F. Avbry, Director, Box 751, TaRRYTown. N. Y HARPER'S UAOAXtVE ADVERTISER. SCHOOLS & COLLECES. NEW YORK (continued). MANLIUS SCHOOL Manlius, N. Y. Saint John’s School	Verbeck Hall President. PEEKSKILL ACADEMY Founded 1833 College Preparatory. Military Organiza- tion. Over $100,000 spent in 1909 on new building!. Alumni Hall. etc. Inspec- tion invited. Upper School 120, Lower School 40 (ages 11-14, separate building). Address The Secretary, Box H, Peekskill, N. Y. JOHJI C. BUCHER. A.M.	1 PHnrlnik CHARIES A. ROBINSON, Ph.D. J principals THE DR. HOLBROOK SCHOOL. Preparatory School for Bovs. Established 1H66. Situated on Briar QifT. so© feet above sra-levcl. Satisfactory references as to character arc necessary for enrollment. Por illustrated catalogue, address Tim Dk. Holrrook School, Ossinino. N. Y. IRVING SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Prepares for all rollcge* and scientific schools. In the historic “Irving” country. »$ miles from New York. Gymnasium, swim- ming pool, and fine athletic field. Address J. M. Puiuiax. A M., Head Master. Box ooo. Tarrytowk-ON-Hl'OSON, N. Y. ST. MARGARET’S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Full academic and collcge preparatory course*. Music. Art. Domestic Science Certificate admits to leading colleges. Fully equipped gymnasium. Tennis, basket-ball, skating. For cata- loirue. address Helen H. Van W'inklb, Principal. RYE SEMLNARY. For particulars, address Mm. S. J. Lire, Tho Misses Srown. BurFALO, N. Y. Ryu, N, Y. THE LADY JANE GREY SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Orfv Hvdb. R. Hyd*. Hb KW ST F.R Hm, HlNClllAMTOS, Principal*. V. N. Y. Mllllirook, DutrheMH County, N«mv York Full academic course. Full two yean* course for hljch-ftchool K»«d. iiate*. College preparatory. Voice culture, domestic science. g*n». k, and mhrttr (tan ‘	....... riding the ontv eitra*. Fully equipped ri«1ing-v:hool. Location in ft 'c< con noted M «ts irreat natural beauty jud wonderful winter climate. Twenty-two acre*. Coif, hocker. tenuU, ha«kct-ball. tkating. tobog- ganing. The Bennett uniform required. Catalog %ent on request. Miss MAY F. BENNETT. P.O. Box 400. Millbrook. N. Y. HARPER'S ifiOAZIXE ADVERTISER. ST. JOHN’S SCHOOL. For Manly Boys Spccinl opportunities for quick preparation for coUase. Military drill. Parental discipline. Gymnasium. Athletic held. Manly sports encouraged. Catalogue. Rev W. A. Rasney, A.M.. Pd B., Principal. Ossinino-on-Hl'dson, N. Y. MISS KNOX’S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Course leading to a diploma: college preparation: special courses. The faculty is made up of specialists. The nrxi ichoot irur will open im Thursday. the 6lh of Oclvtrr. Terms ti.ooo per year. Address Miss Mary Alh r Knox. Box A. Briarclifr Manor, N. Y. The Misses Metcalf's Boarding and Day School for Glrla. College Preparation and Physical Culture. A depart- ment for girls under twelve. Moderate rates. Tar»ytown-on-Hcoson, N. Y. MRS. FRANCES MARSHALL. Boarding and I)ay School for Little Girls. Kindergarten, Pri- tnary. Intermediate and junior Departments. For circulars, address Box sj, Briarclifs Manor. N. Y. EMMA WILLARD SCHOOL. For Girls, ojth year. Re-opens in September with three new, wrll-*quipi>cd. fireproof buildings. Ideal location. Prepara- tory, General and Spccial Courses. Certificate privileges. Music. Art. Modem Languages. Elocution, Domestic Science. Gymna- sium. For catalogue, address Miss Anna Lkacii. A.M.. Principal.	Troy. N'. Y. SCHOOLS & COLLEGES. NEW YORK (continued). A SCHOOL OF HIGH HANK V r?r y?ur d“«hter. bear In mmd i v	i "Vk.op®? Physically as well i f .. } '1,,r daughter la surrounded tint only with i n”J'^^T^lnn ““"^"Chriatian honin. butuommlt- !!,/^ll|,«Suh»lLTKT «“«"“««>• TlwlKbof Ossining Sc/?00/ for O/r/s Oss/n i/i<> - on - Httc/son, A' V U really • loburb.o >chucl u No Tut Clly, t-.ral.lnlnj tbs U>.a- tars •( country life wltb elly privilege. Acadi-rulc, Music, Art .0,1 Collcg. Preparatory Co«m». P-l aniluau and Spnul Wort. OnlO- o.ie admits to trading Colley*. Fully equipped Gymnasium. 43rd year. HAMPTON II M I„ aurn-s of tl„ Ot.li.li., S hool. (or Younger OlrU. Yearbook -Ith >lm of the aehoolou application. -n--v	Principal. Clara C, Fuller. Illil HllillIlM 1 i \AsaoclaU Principal. Martha J. Naramore. ST. AGNES SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Preparation for leading colleges; offers a two year*' courae with diploma (or graduate* of High School Classical Course. Well- equipped laboratories and gymnasium, Re-opens September 38th, 1010 Announcement. Miss SeaiivRY, Head of School. Bishop DoASr. President Board of Trustees. At.nAN Y, N. Y. ST. MARY’S SCHOOL. A School for Girls. 18 miles from New York. Number limited. Healthful location; spacious buil'linga. Excellent advantages in music and art. General and college preparatory courses. Miss Miami A. Bytel. Principal. Garden City, Long Island, N. Y. THE MANOR SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Classes arranged for graduation, college preparatory and special courses. Resident pupils limited to 10. For particulars, address Mary E. Hull, Gracb Hl’Htinoton. Principals, Larchmont Manor. N. Y. <0len €ticn ©n«U>r«E?utJoon The School Beautiful for Girls Poughkeepsie, N. Y. In the Highlands Vssaar Preparatory and Finishing Courses. Mu.lc, Art, Elocution. Physical Culture. Outdoor ll/e a i/eeUlty. Clois • country tramping. Slthl-eeeint la New Torh Clli. No examinations. Ideal cllmste. New buildings; twelve acrea. Select, llmiled memherahip. Unusual advantages (ally de- tailed in illustrated booklets. Addteia the Director, Dr. Frederic Martin Townsend TERMS: $500 a year. NO EXTRAS THE MISSES TEWKSBURY'S SCHOOL. For Girls. S minutes from New York. imary. Intermediate, anti College Preparatory. Irvin-gton-on-Hudhon, N. Y. PUTNAM HALL. Mis* Bartlett'* School for Girl*, offers exceptional facilities (or college preparation. Offer* general course* with diploma for those who do not care to attend college. Holds certificate right for all leading colleges. Catalogue on request. Adilrm Lllbs Cliziik Bawti.ktt, Prin.. Box Sot, PoucHUBKPsfi. N. V. WALLCOURT, Miss Goldsmith's School for Girls. MASSACHUSETTS. THE EDITH COBURN NOYES STUDIOS. A SCHOOL OP EXPRESSION. Personal Culture. Professional Training. The Study of Personality. Voice, and Gesture through the medium of Literature. French (Yersin Method). Pedagogy. School limited to twenty-five. Opens Monday, Sept. >(.th. Mia Edith Coburx Noyes, Principal. Symphony Chambers. Boston. Maw. EMERSON COLLEGE OF ORATORY. Largest School of Oratory. Literature, and Peda- gogy in America. Summer Sessions. 30th year opens September ajth, Address Harry Srymoor Ross. Dean, Checkering Hall, Huntington Ave.. Boston, Mass THE MACDUFFIE SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Four houses in beautiful grounds. New Gymnasium this year College fitting. Entrance by certificate. General and Post Graduate Courses, Music and Art. Year-book and pictures on request. SretKoroxD. Masa. SCHOOL OF THE MUSEUM OF FINE ARTS. tjth year begins October ird. Now installed In new building especially designed and equipped for school uva lnur*<tce,— g C. Tarbell. F W. Benson. P. L Hale. Wm. M Paxton, Drawing and Painting B. L. Pratt, Modeling; P. L Hale. Anatomy; A. K. Cross, Perspective. Department of Design. C. Howar* Walker Director. Scholarships -Paige and Cummings Foreign Scholarships, Helen Hamblen, Gardner, and Ten Free Scholarships. Prises in money awarded in each department. Address Alice P. Brooks, Manager, _Boston, Masa QUINCY MANSION SCHOOL. For Girls. Pine estate. 6 m3rs from Boston. Outdoor sporta. Special and graduate courses ________... Music. Art. Languages Domestic Science. College preparation and certificate. Mrs. Horacs M. Willard, Principal Woluiton, Mass WE WILL INSERT your school advertisement in a space of this rise, seven lines, at the following rates; one time, eight dollars and seventy five cents; three times, eight dollars and thirtv-one cent* each insertion; twelve times, seven dollar* each insertion. Harmr & Brothers. New York, Ample grounds Advantages in SEA PINES A HOME SCHOOL For Girls Desiring Individual Attention Genuine h»r>r>v home life whh reronal. atfeauinate care C.mwing yltk inspired bv wholesome and tieauiifol ii«e*l« of useful wo-nanhood Th- C»t>e cViimsi® )« exceptionally U*«nNe for an ••utdoor life which »e make attractire anil reftmn*. Pore a«r** pine-gn»vr\. tcakhore. p»mles. »lv;*Jene and morals are nh*erved eM>eriallv f**r re«ult« in health. fhamrtrr and eduratWin Gymnastic*, Music. Handiwork. TV>me«tic Art* French. German. R|>anUh~nati*r teachers. All branches of study under patient and enthusiastic Instructor*. Address ItKV. THOMAS KICKFOHI), MISS FAITH KI( KFORI), Principal* Ka«t Hrewater. C’npe Cod. Mom. TIAnrERf8 &SAQAZINR ADVERTISER. SCHOOLS & COLLEGES. MASSACHUSETTS (continued). Lasell Seminary Aubumdale, Mass. Ten Miles from Boston. Courses In Language. Literature. Science. Music and Art. with thnro Instruction In the theory nnd practice nf Household Economics. Training la given III tho Art of I-'.ntertninlng. House Furnishing and Management, Marketing. Cooking. Dress-Making; nnd Millinery. Tennis. Boating. Swimming. Hiding and, oilier sports are encouraged. Address, -,, G. M. WINSLOW, Ph. D., Principal WABAN SCHOOL. There arc a few schools which strengthen every wholesome home influence, and one at least docs more than the average home. A teacher to five boys. Write for our booklet. Summer Camp on Maine Coast. Box 14 H. Waban, Mass. WALNUT HILL SCHOOL. A college preparatory school for girls. Seventeen miles from Boston. Miss CON A XT. Miss Bigelow or the Secretary will be at the school on Wednesdays of July and August. Natick. Mass. LYNNHOLM. BY-THE-SEA. A real home school for a few girls. A healthv, busy place where girls learn sunshine as well as books. College prepara- tion—music—careful culture—under direction of a mother of girls. Address Mrs. G. W. Osgood,	135 Nahant St.. Lvnn, Mass. PERRY KINDERGARTEN NORMAL SCHOOL Prepares for Kindergarten, Primary, and Playground positions. Mrs. Annie Moselev Perrv, Principal. 18 Huntington Avenue, Boston. Mass. Miss Annie Coolidge Rost’s Froebel School of Kindergarten Normal Classes. xyth Year. Two-year course for kindergarten, primary and playground positions. Post-graduate and special courses. Pierce Building. Copley Square. Boston, Mass. The Mary A. Burnham School for Girls. Pounded by Miss Burnham in 1877. Special and College Pre- paratory courses Correspondence should be addressed to Miss Helen E. Thompson. Headmistress, Martha Chamhp.rlain Burnham. Northampton, Mass. MISS HALL’S TOWN and COUNTRY SCHOOL. Miss Mira H. Hall. Principal. Pittsfield. Ma MISS McCLINTOCK’S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. General and College Preparatory Courses. Music, art, arts and crafu. domestic science. Resident and day pupils. Miss Mary Law McClintock. Principal. _	Box A. 4 Arlington Street, Boston, Mass. FAELTEN PIANOFORTE SCHOOL. Concentrated attention, positive knowledge, intel- ligent ear. reliable memory, fluency in night reading, artistic pianoforte playing are developed simultane- ously. Circular on request. Address Carl Pablthn. Director. 307 Huntington Chambers. Boston, Mass. Mount Ida School Year-book on request. FOR GIRLS On the Summit of Mt. Ida. 6 miles from ISonton A preparatory awl finilhing school. Advanced Elective Course*. College Certificate Privilege (without examination*. Piano. Voice anil Violin with Noted Men. Domestic Science. Resident Nurse. Gymnasium, Di- rector of Alhlelk*. Exceptional opportunities, with a delightful home life. 08	Summit St. NEWTON, MISS CHAMBERLAYNE’S SCHOOL for Girls. C.rneral, Special and College Preparatory Courses. Unusual facilities for indoor and outdoor recreation. The Fenway 18. Boston. Mass. The Commonwealth Avenue School for Girls. (The Misses Oilman’s School.) General and College Preparatory Courses. Resident and day pupils. Miss Gilman. Miss Guild. Principals. 314 Commonwealth Avenue. Boston, Mass. MISS CHURCH’S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Resident and Day Pupils. General and College Preparatory Courses. Advanced work for older girls. Sc'hoolhouse, 6 Gloucester Street, / Residence. 401 Beacon Street. S MOSTON* ABBOT ACADEMY. School for Girls. Eightieth year opens September 15, toio. The Principal, j7 School Street. Andover. Mass. HOWARD SEMINARY. For Girls and Young Ladies. Healthful and beautiful location. 35 miles from Boston. Academic. College Preparatory, and Special Courses. Two years' course for High School graduates. Domestic Science. Art and Music studios. Miss Sarah E. Lal'CHTon. A.M., Principal. West Bridoewater, Mass. BRADFORD ACADEMY FOR YOUNG WOMEN One hundred and eighth year opens September 14th. Thirty miles from Boston. Address the Principal. Miss Laura A. Knott. A.M.. Bradford. Mass. WHEATON SEMINARY FOR YOUNG WOMEN 76th year. Large endowment permits moderate terms. Cer- tificates to College Advanced courses for high-u-hool graduate, and others. New gymnasium and all sports. For catalogue and book of views, address Rev. Samuel V. Cole. A.M., D.D.. President. __Norton. Mass. (jo miles from Boston). THE WESTON SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Pits girls for life as well as for examinations. It is different, better, and worth investigating. Mr*. Elisabeth Mathbws-RiciiaRdson. A.B.. Principal. Founded by Rev. S. S. Mathews. D. D. 4.1 St. James Street, Roxbury. Boston. Mass. MISS CAPEN’S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Miss Caoen announces that her school, for many years known as "The Burnham School." will in the future be called "Miss Capen's School for Girls." Correspondence should be addressed to Miss B. T. Capes', Principal,	Northampton, Mass. HARPER’S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. SCHOOLS A, COLLEGES MASSACHUSETTS (continued). T The Sargent School "V                                            /S5V THE ALLEN SCHOOL. 1 For Phynlcal Education                                           f A where boys are taught to be self-reliant. ■    Knables young men and women to become teachers of ■           I I «nf*,v»dual instruction. Thorough preparation f>>r ■    physical training, and assists them to secure positions. ■    college or scientific schools Athletic training. ■    Hie course Is comprehensive, practical and scientific. ■      WiSMy^r For catalogue, address ■    New building contains all the latest and most improved ■      Evcrrtt Starm Jonrs. Headmaster, M apparatus. Kb1.1881. Walting list opened. Address ■                                                       Box E. Wrst Newton. Mud | TilK IH It KCTOK, Everett Street, C'smbrldcr. Mih. |             THE MISSES ALLEN The Browne & Nichols School for Boys.                                                           THE MITCHELL MILITARY BOYS’ SCHOOL. 38th year; Open* Sept. iq. iqto. Thorough preparation for          A *ub-preparatory school of the highest class, which aims to fit Harvard or any other collage. Sound Methods, Hi^n Standard.        boy* mentally, morally and physically for the larger preparatory Permanent Result*. Athletic*. Address either                       schools. Booklet upon request. G. 11. Brown or Rev Willard Rkbd, Principal.                       Alexander H. Mitchell, Headmaster. Camrridgr. Maas.                                                 Billerica. Mas*. LAWRENCE ACADEMY.                                                  HALLOCK SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Preparation for any college. Physical life. Athletics. Small       A modem school aiming to give thorough instruction and to in¬ classes, individual attention. For illustrated circular, address   culcate the highest ideal*, j1* hrn. from New York without Arthur J. Clough, A.U., Principal.                                 change. Telephone. Groton. Mass. Gerard Hallock. M.A.. Head Master. Great Barrington, Berkshire County. Mas*. BERKSHIRE SCHOOL.                                                  HARVARD DENTAL SCHOOL. A country school for boys which combines, with the best instruc¬   A Department cl Harvard University. Unusual facilities for tion, ideal conditions for outdoor life among the Berkshire Hills. practu-al work. Three years’ course leading to degree. Doctor Sravkr B. Buck. Headmaster.                                        Dental Mcdicine New Building. Modem equipment. Lane Telephone, 175 Great Barrington. Shepmp.lo, Mum. dime. Certificate* from recognised preparatory schools accepted. Write for catalog. Eugene H. Smith. D.M.D.. Dean. Longwood Avenue. Boston. Mass. CHAUNCY HALL SCHOOL.                                               ST. ANDREW'S SCHOOL. Established 18*8. Prepares boys exclusively for                    New building on Punkatasset HOI. Extensive grounds and MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY                              woodland. Tennis-court*, ball-field. canoeing. Constant careful and other scientific schools. Kvery teacher a specialist.          attention to the individual boy; special supervision of young Hag ah and KfRT, Principals.                                       1 b°va. 537 Boylston St. (Copley Sq.). Boston. Maw. Thomas H. Ecxerldt, Headmaster Box B, Concord, Mas*. MONSON ACADEMY.                                                    CUSHING ACADEMY. 107th year. Fifteen mile* from Springfield Over 1000 gradu-        By reason of its endowment it offers all the advantage* of a atea have entered college. Certificate privilege. New brick and    high-priced school for the annual expense of *375. Gymna- stone buildings. Gymnasium, nthlctic field Kate Saso (no ex¬       smm. Athletic field Co-educational. Por catalogue, addrrss tras). Fund for boy* of proven worth.                              H. S. Cowell, A.M., Principal, Henry Franklin Dewing, Principal.                                                                               Asiibi'bkham, Muss. Monson. Mas*. DUMMER ACADEMY.                                                    DANFORTH SCHOOL. 147th year. Prepare* boy* for any college or scientific school     A home school for twelve boys under fifteen years. Most Elective courses for individual study. Gymnasium and outdoor       I intimate care. Moderate tuition Address sports: l>oating and swimming. no acre* of land. For illus¬        James Chester Flaoo. A.B.. Master. trated catalog, nddres*                                                                                    Box H. Framingham, Mass. Charles b. I Noll AM. Ph.D..                                                                 (Midway between Boston and Worcester.) South BynELO (near Newbur^-port), Muss. WORCESTER ACADEMY.                                                                                   THE HIGHLAND MILITARY ACADEMY. AH advantage* of a large school; master teacher*; comprehen¬       Estalilished in 1856. An ideally healthful location in the resi¬ sive equipment. Bight buildinm. Special laboratories. Gymna¬       dential part of the "Heart of the Commonwealth." Efficient sium. * Megaron," a noble Recreation Hall. Swimming Pool           faculty. Preparation for the best institution*. Terms. New athletic field 77th year begins Sept. 13th. Catalogue.         The Rt. Rev. A. H. Vinton. D.D., LL.D., I'tntor. Pleaseaddress D. W. Abercrombie, I.LD. Worcester, Man.                           Joseph Aldbn Shaw, A.M.. Headmaster. Wobcestbr, Mass. ItulUllnif■ Modern	1^	TT	W	Cjmnaalum Fliul pmctil Complete	I\_	1, • xV IV A 1 9 vJf r ..	Bowline Alley* I’hj.l.ul l.iibamtor)	... ...rf oa.k	Atkletle Field Chemlenl Laboratory	gs l-^	1	>20 CLIFF ROAD	Rwlmmln* Pool ........ Tralnln, Hhop JtiiUOl WELLESLEY HILLS. MASS. Tennl. « ourt. Location high, drr and healtldul, In cine ot New England*, mort beautiful residential village*. ROCK RIDGE HAI-I- lor bora ot hlgh-*clu».l age T/wrenf* preparation lor any college or lor boainew. M»«ers *Mr. rxeeMented, mature. Every boy an object ot conalant thought and care: hence »elt-re*ulated ilally li*e*. marked Improvement, rapid progress THE HAWTHORNE HOUSE lor young boyr. Home-like atmo«phere. Experienced teacher*. Manual training. Constant vupervision. HAMPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. astcnsive facilities for baseball, tennis, running, etc. Hoard and tuition, lioo. Year book mailed on requast. ARTHUR H. TOMLINSON. HUB Maim.. - . A«V, l«AM»ui, P».	HRu q Qwj SCHOOLS & COLLEGES. PENNSYLVANIA. IN THE PREPARATION of boy» and girls for College, Technical School, or Buiineu, Swarthmore ha» met wilh unqualified lucceu, having won the approval of many leading educator*. The school is under the supervision of Friends, and a large and excellent faculty affords individual attention to the pupils. Swarthmore Preparatory School la altuated on the Pennsylvania Railroad, only S4 mlnulei from Philadelphia, and la easy of access by train or trolley. Tho bulldlnga ar* new and modern In every respect. The students Uve In separate cottages and are under the direct supervision ot the Head Master and his assistants. The remarkable healthtulness of tho location In connection with the cottage plan affords a record for health unsurpassed. Physical development Is considered essential and ample provision Is made for samo. A thoroughly equipped Thor*'-''-------- ““ The Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. Founded 1805. Schools of Paintings. Sculpture and Illustra- tion. Twenty three students awarded *soo each last year for foreign travel as prises. Instructors! Thomas P Assmrrx. Geohob McCtltUH. M.D., Cmari.es Grapi.y, Hvoii H, Ureckenriihie, Cecilia Beaux. Frank Miles Dav. Henry McCarter. Joseph T. Pearson. Jr., Daniel Garhbr. Write for Circular, Broad and Cherry Streets. Philadelphia, Pa. CONWAY HALL. Pounded 17S3. Prepares thoroughly for any college or techni- cal school. New athletic fic-lel and well-equipped gymnasium. Kate* $350. Special Scholarship*. Gbomc.b Kdwahi* Reed. President. Par particular*. apply to W. A. Hvtc iiisoN, Ped.D.. Headmaster. Box ao, Carlisle, Pa. BELLEFONTE ACADEMY. Ideally located in the mountains in the "Home of Governors.’ 105th year. Certificate admits to leading colleges, Experienced instructors Rive individual attention Wholesome moral in- fluence. New building*. gymnasium and athletic field. Cham- pion athlctic teams. Por illustrated catalog, addres* Jambs R. Hughes, A.M., Headmaster. Bbllepoxtb, Pa. PERKIOMEN SEMINARY. Co-educational. Xrw Building;*. new gymnasium, campus, athletic field. Small classes Honor men in 30 coUegc*. Music, kJoculton. Strongly moral. .So profanity, liquor, tobacco or hating. $350 to $350. Catalogue free. K*?v. O. S. Keiboel. D.D,. Principal. Box 100, Pexxsbueo. Pa *• A	ii»i<< M ft ext	/tie kind rf	rthxtrt it h little f t rrn.’i detirt t* tend tkftr IWJj.''-UlSIIOf U »IITAKEK. St. Luke’s School BOYS WAYNE, PA., 14 miles from Philadelphia For ftnit -%erctt year* • tA ye.m under present head muter) St. -1 c * ha» been eminently »uec«**ful »% a school for bow ME attractive home life ami careful individual infraction nCMiitetiiuient ami hl*n acholanhip. meat	ocw* -P«ci«lly planned |.» meet every require- ***** mtnatlablc for health fnlnrn. natural beauty and freedom front undedraMr influence*. «>i<h fvimmlnK pool and *ho»et lath*. ,frw*w**»of acre*. including large athletic Arid with quarter* ,r•,cl, *,,d facilities far outdoor game*. i*oy% prepared for *ny college or for hu«ine*v Terms •year. For lllu«trated catalogue, address ^ IIARI.KS IIENRY STKOUT. A.M., Headmaster. CEDARCROFT SCHOOL. Preparatory School for Boys, 33 miles from Philadelphia. Re- ceives limited number of boy* between age* of q and t8. Thorough and skilled individual instruction One master for every six boys. Manual train ini?—Ideal home life—Cuisine unu- sually good—Single rooms—1*5 acre*—Former country home of Bayard Taylor—All athletics AW Gym and Swimming Pool— Electric light, steam heat, spring water—Catalogue on request— Telephone. Jesse Evaxs Philips. A M . Principal. Box 300, Kbxxett Square, Pa. MAPLEWOOD, near Phila. uoth year. Wakes up boy* to duties of life. $400. I>ept. for little boys, t> year* and under. fljjo. Limited to 40 boy* College or business. No tobacco. No basing. Fine gym. All outdoor sport*. Summer C*mp. J. Shortlidce, A.M.. Yale. Principal. Box 66, CoxcoBnviLLE. Del. Co.. Pa. FRANKLIN AND MARSHALL ACADEMY. Pounded i?S?. Enters about 40 boys to colleges each year. Beautiful grounds. Modem sanitary dormitories. Laboratories, gymnasium. athletic field, tias.ooo in moil improvements. Good health record. Terms moderate. Catalogue. T. G. Helm, A.M., and U. M. Hartman, A.M., Principals. LANCASTER, Pa GEORGE SCHOOL. Under management of Society of Friend*. Thorough college preparation. Beautiful grounds, u^ acres. New Gymnasium and Laboratories. Large athletic field. Healthful location. *j miles north of Philadelphia. For catalogue, address Joseph S Walton. Ph.D.. Principal. Geobgb School P. O , Bucks Co.. Pa. PENNSYLVANIA Militaiy College CHESTER, Pennsylvania.	i; Degrees in Civil Engineering (C.E.); Chemistry (B.S.): Arts (A.B.) Preparatory Department: Thorough instruction in elementary studies. Inlinlry, Artillery and Cavalry Our Aim—Greatest Efficiency. A nations! reputation lor excellence of system and character of results. .1 Coi; CHARLES E. JIYATT. President. 49th Year begins Kept. Mat. l»t«. HARPER'S UAOAZISE ADVERTISER. SCHOOLS & COLLEGES. PENNSYLVANIA (continued). BISHOPTHORPE MANOR The Mountain School (or Clrls. SOUTH BETHLEHEM, PENNA. IN TUB "SWITZERLAND OF AMERICA-" CLAUDE N. WYANT, Principal Bishop Ethclbcrl Talbot. VlsUor. Plrtnresnnely situated on Fountain Hill, •mid Ihc beautiful Lehigh Range. Two boor* from New York; one anil one-half hour* from Philadelphia. A Hrlc-11 j nr»t class seminary for a •elect, limited munher of well-bred girls. Two ymt‘ advanced course for high «rhool graduate*. Cnltnred home life a leading featnre. If ode, Art and Physical CM- lore by able specialists. Newly furnished rooms, dalnly and artlatlc. Bracing cllmate./ree/rom malaria. Stately build- lngs i mansion style. dona and brick); spacloua grounds: ontdoor life; superior table. "The kind of school girls like.-* Eatab ISM. For bookleta and news, address PriscifaL. Terms. $500. No “extras.” PENN HALL. A thoroughly good ureiwratory school for yuung women. Also strong Seminary Course Rate* S1J5 00. including Lan guages. Elocution. Art. anil Voice in rliu. All rooms have Svate baths Beautiful location on Wilson College Campus, talog on request. CiUHBERsatraa. Pa. PENNSYLVANIA COLLEGE FOR WOMEN. A high-grade college. Courses o< study broad and modern. Unusual advantages in music. Pine location in the Woodland Road district. Dilworth Hall, a hoarding school fitting girls lor all college* —same management. Catalogues on request. Hum D. Linos*v. D.D.. President Pmcaoacn. Pa. ARMITAGE SCHOOL for Girls. Certificate admiu to Smith, Wellesley, and Vaaaar Athletics, including Horseback Riding. Harhibt C, Armitaob. Principal. Wavnb. Pa. (Suburb of Philadelphia). THE BIRMINGHAM SCHOOL. INC Por Girls. An excellent school for girls. offering either academic or college preparatory coarM. Healthful location. Gymnasium. Physical training Main Line P. R. R. Por dialogue, address A. R. Gsuer. Pres,. Box A, Birmingham, Pa LINDEN HALL SEMINARY. A Home School for Girl*. With graduate and iprcinl courses. A school with an uninterrupted history from 1746 to the lament time must be rightly founded and conducted. Por catalogue, address Rev. Ciias. D. KRKtnRR. Principal.	Litit*. Pa. THE DEVON SCHOOL FOR GIRLS 7	to *5 years of age is situated In a pleasant suburb of Phila- delphia. There are many schools which look after the educa- tional wants of girls of riper age, but few in which the younger ones are cared for as well as they could be in their own home# and at the same time are given the advantages of tho most approved methods of education. If you are sincerely interested in the broaden ins of your daughter, send for the illustrated, descriptive catalogue showing the uniqueness of our work. Address .Miss Harrar. Principal, Dhvo*. Pa THE BALDWIN SCHOOL. (Incorporated.) A Preparatory School for Brni Mawr, Smith, Vassar.and Welled'ey Colleges. Diploma given in general .'ourse 80 . V,lthln n,ncUrrn years *.11 students from this school have entered Bryn Mawr College. Certificate admiu to Smith. Yassar. atvl Wellcslev Colleges. Fireproof building. extensive groundv hockey, bosket hall, and tennis fields Resident athletic direc- tor, trained nunte, and French and German teachers. A sepa- rate cottage for little girls Iakh L. Browkrll. A M.. Head of the School. For catalogue, address the Sbcrrtary, P O. Box B. Bryv Mawr. P«. THE MISSES SHIPLEY’S SCHOOL. Preparatory la Bryn Mau▼ CtJUge. Bt-ILOINC—Specially designed Colonial building with every in proved appointment. Situation—Educational and social opportunities of situatia opposite Bryn Mawr College. Ikstructiok—Diploma in College Preparatory and Academ course* Certificate admits to Vasaar, Smith, and Wdlolq Two resident French teachers. Specialists in all department Athletic.*—Resident athletic director. Younger Pants receive special attention. For circular, with views of the school, address The Secretary,	Bo* "M," Bryx Mawr. Pa. OGONTZ SCHOOL FOR YOUNG LADIES. Twenty minutes from Philadelphia, two hours from New Yurt The late Mr. Jay Cooke's fine property. Miss Stlvia I. Eartha- Mna A. A. Sitherlaku. Principals. Oookte School P. O- Pa Moravian Seminary and College for Women. Founded 1749. Fall Term opens September a 1st. For catalogue, address Jon* H. Clew ell. Ph.D.. President. Bethlehem. Pa. Miss Hart's Training School for Kindergartner will re-open Sept. »«th. 1010. at 1615 Walnut Street. Philadelphii Junior. Senior. Graduate and Normal Trainers' Course*. Fiv practke Kindergartens. For particulars, address Mis* Caroline M. C. Hart, The Pine*. Rutlrdob. Pa. MISS RONEY’S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. locatiop. Prepares for any woman's college. Modem equipment Catalogue on request. Bala. Pa. (near Philadelphia). THE DARLINGTON SEMINARY. Bst. 185*. A high-grade school for girls. Vaasar prepara tor? English. Music. Art. Expression courses. Moral, social, and phy; ical culture. (Convenient to New York. Philadelphia, and Wash inc.on. Frank I’axsox Btb. B.S , President. West Chester. Pa. The Misses Kirk’s College Preparatory School. Preparatory to Bryn Mawr and other colleges for woroer Snuill classes supplemented by careful individual instructior Teachers all thoroughly familiar with Bryn Mawr requirement- Tennis and basket-ball. Twelfth year opens Oct. 5. torn. Brvn Mawr, Pa. MISS SAYWARD’S SCHOOL for girls, in charming, healthful suburb of Philadelphia. Colleg preparatory and special courses Certificate admiu to Vass-i and Wellesley. Musical department. ph>-sical training, outdoo Stwrts. Develops character, mind, and body. For catalogue address Mias S. Jaket Savward, Principal,	Oveiuirook. Pa. A PRIVATE SCHOOL should advertise in a business-like and dignified manner. Fo rates, address	Harper's Maoahkr, New York. N. Y. MISS WRIGHT’S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Preparatory to Bryn Mawr College. Diploma In College Preparatory an*l Finishing Courses. Certificate admita to Vasaar, Smith, and Wellesley. Circular upon request. Brvn Mawr. Pa HARPER'S U AO AZIN E ADVERTISER. School of "Many Advantages MAIN BUILOINO Miss Marshall’s School Y	FOR GIRLS Oak Lane. Philadelphia Ideal location in most beautiful section of Philadelphia’s suburbs. Academic and Music Departments lolltgt Preparatory in ' eclal Coun.es. --—x- Additional build inn f completed this year.	I Ample Grounds.	L I	ennis. Basket Hull	^	At in.l iitln-r iiutil.mr	■*“ (ipofts. Kofpjrtn i	■*	.(i ~ L Lh>«F.'I. Hanksl!. KjV V	Prlaeipal	KSfc.	TB NEW JERSEY. ST. MARY’S HALL. For Girt*. Ideal location between New York and Philadelphia. High Standard ot Work. Excellent ReamJ of Health. Happy Home Life. Burlington, N J MISS DANA’S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Beautiful New York suburb. Healthful location. 33d year begin* September »8th. For circular, apply to Miss Louir.it L. Nhwrll. Principal, kl on mis town, N. J. KENT PLACE SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Mr*. Sarah Woodman Pan. Principal. Hamilton Wright Mabie. LL.D . Presd't Board of Director,. _Summit. N. J. (near New York). A PRIVATE SCHOOL should advertise In a business-like and dignified manner Por rate*, address	Harper's Magazine, New York. N Y. A THE MERRILL-VAN LAER SCHOOL. For >6 yean in New York: now located at Princeton, N.J. .. country school for girl, offering College Preparatory and Speci.il t ourjea. Mime nnd Art. After August i address Princeton. S. J Until that date. The Merrill-yan Lae* School, u-h East STth Street. New York. ___Princeton, N. J THE HARTRIDGE SCHOOL. A Boarding School for Girls and Day School .^£r*c 5oc*fe,lon 1,1,11 Fully wiulppod gymnasiutn Outdoor sports Certificate admits to leadlljg eollntii Kmeltn n Haktiidgr. A.I) . Principal. Plainfield, N J. (45 minutes from New York! LAKEWOOD SCHOOL Miss Edith Samson, Principal. Lakewood, N THE NEWARK SEMINARY. A suburban home school for a limited number of girls College preparatory and special courses. Music and Art. 15 minutes from New 1 ork.	" Anna Francks Whitmore. Newark, N.J. A MODERATE-PRICE SCHOOL PAD f^Vni C Our ambition is to give s good cduca- „on unj|ct raoTi,, |„fl,lcnce.. Talhcr than to make money. Therefore at charges touch below the aveiage »e offer a thorough college preparation: a broad literary course: elocution. ptaao. organ, »iolm and voice culture. College *ud specUlly trained faculty. Location, buildings. e«juli>mrn:. hralth- fulness unsurpassed. JONATHAN M. MKBKKIi. PH.D., l> D, lliickeltMoM’ii, Nrw .I«T*ey. CENTENARY COLLEGIATE IIA It PUR’S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. WALNUT LANE SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. 54th year. General and college preparatory course*. Special course for high-school graduates, domestic science; native French and German teachers. Certificate privileges—Wellesley, Smith, Yossar, Mt. Holyoke. Resident Physical Director. Catalogue and view book upon request. Frank S. Magill. A.M., Principal. Germantown, Philadelphia. Pa. tYEATES SCHOOL. Endowed. Established 1854. Calls out the best in every boy by its high standard of honor and entire sympathy. Canoeing, swimming, skating, etc., and all regular field and track sports. New gymnasium and pool. Boys taught how to study. Only a limited number taken. » Frederic Gardinrr, A.M. 1 Harvard). Head- master.	Bo* 514, Lancaster. Pa. WESTMINSTER COLLEGE. 50th year begins Sept. 14th. Christian and coeducational. Clas- sical. Scientific. I’hllosophicalond Teacher-Training Courses, Music, Art and Oratory. Alto a four-year preparatory course. Large facul- ty. Latest equipment. Highest moral standards. For catalogue, write to R. Si. Russell, D.D., LL.D., President. Box 90, New Wilmington. Pa. (0 miles from New Castle). WYOMING SEMINARY.	_ Founded in 1844. Co-educational. College Preparatory and Business Courses. Departments of Music. Art and Oratory Fine buildings. Beautiful location. Yearly rates. $350. 66th year opens September 14th. Catalogue on request- Address L. L. Spraql1*, D.D., LL.D., President, Kingston, Pa. WILLIAMSPORT DICKINSON SEMINARY. Co-educational. College Preparatory. Commercial. Scientific, Classical courses. Music. Art. tjoo per year. No extras. Two Gymnasiums. Term opens September 13th. Wm. Pbrry Evelaxd, Ph.D. __Box 001. Williamsport, Pa. SCHOOLS & COLLEGES. PENNSYLVANIA (continued). SCHOOLS 6l COLLEGES. NEW JERSEY (continued). M ** Cknrarter-buitding is our first aim.*9 Bordentown iSuTe Bordentown-on-the-Dclaware, N. J. endeavors to a waken the dormant forces of a boy s nnture and Mir him to nnlile thought and worthy action through the wholesome influences exerted by ihe school. The methods we employ, and litany other things you'll want to know about the school, arc set forth In our Illustrated catalogue. Tile “Skirmisher," our school paper, relleris the everyday life here from the boys* own view- point. Iloth books sent upon re- quest. Preparation for collrge.admUlfc achool. or t-iulam. Will mi ntitlrr praant maaarrm.ot. Siunnier ramp in Onlark.. irwli, Canada. Rev T H Lahdom. A M.. D.D.. Prin Lieut -Col T D. Landon, Coinmand’t. Wilson Military Academy. (On# hour from \rm> York City.) . English. Academic, Scientific and —(Commercial Courses Tuition, $.|oo. includes hoard, laundry mending. use of horses. Athletic field, t,-mile riding track IVtrtlns trlrfraphy taught. The advan- tages. facilitiesond rates here offered can- not be duplicated For catalogue, address Capt J. Wilson, U.S.V . A M Supt., Box so. FlNDERNE, N J WENONAH MILITARY ACADEMY. IO	miles from Philadelphia. Noted for its high scholarship and character building. No saloons or factories in the town. Prepares for college and business. Exceptional faculty. Music and horsemanship Infantry and Cavalry training. Largest gymnasium in State. 8-acre athletic field Write for catalogue. Major John R Jones, Supt. Box iaC. Wexonaii, Gloucester Co,. N J NEWTON ACADEMY. A high tion younger •V 1 V_/iN	X . ligh-cjass home prej*aratory school, somi military organixa- 50 miles from N. \ on IX. I-. & W. Special attention given '.~T ^cr ttnr* backward boys. Academic. Classical and Commer- cial courses High, healthful location. Gymnasium. Summer camp Horseback rid ins. Open entire year. Kates $400. Philip S Wilson. A.M.. Prin. Box A-p, Newton. N J DWIGHT SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. College preparatory and special courses. Certificate* accepted by leading colleges Limited number of pupils insures individual attention l*our buildings spacious grounds Suburban to New York. Gymnasium Tennis, riding Address Miss Crkighton and Miss Farrar, Principals. __Box 003. Bnolbwood. N J PRINCETON PREPARATORY SCHOOL. College preparatory school for boys over fourteen. Rapid progress possible because of limited number of pupils (jo) and freedom from rigid class organization. Excellent equipment and facilities in the way of buildings and grounds. Special attention given to athletics and moral welfare. Personal inspection invited For year-book, address J. B. Fink, Headmaster, __Princeton, N. J. THE RUTGERS SCHOOLS FOR BOYS. Schools with the real home atmosphere. ELEMENTARY boys 8 to 14; separate buildings. PREPARATORY fits for any college. Manual and physical training. Healthful location — New York. 60 min.: Philadelphia, no min. Terms. *<oo and up Myron T. Scuddsr, Headmaster __Box A-6. New Brunswick. N. J. KINGSLEY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Prepares for colleges and scientific schools. Catalogue. Address J. R. Campbell, M.A , Headmaster. Box 103, Essex Fells, N.J. MISS BEARD’S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. This School is in Orange. N J., one of tho most healthful anil beautiful of the New York suburbs College preparatory, special and graduate courses. A new building containing a gymnasium, music and art studios will be ready in the Fall Separate house for younger pupils. Write for illustrated catalogue. Address Miss L. C. Beard,_Ora nob. N. J. PENNINGTON SEMINARY. School for Boys. No longer co-educational Prepares for all colleges. Classical. Scientific. English. Commercial and Manual Training Courses. Elocution. Vocal and Instrumental Music Pipe Organ Athletic field. Gymnasium Separate Home Junior Department for boys under 14 73d year. For catalogue, address J. Morgan* Rkad. D.D., President. _ Box H. Pmnnington, N. J. BLAIR ACADEMY. 63rd acres rate rd year. Prepares for any American College. Campus *. Thorough equipment: liberal endowment justifies te of $350. Opens September 14th John C. Sharpk, M.. D.l)., Principal ~ Box I. Bi.airbtown. N\ J 100 low P O IVY HALL. Miss Macdonald and Miss Finn's School for Girl*. College Preparatory and Finishing courses Certificate ad- mits to leading colleges. Boating, basket-ball, tennis. Bkiocbton. N. J. (near Philadelphia}. Freehold Military School For Boys 8 to 13 ” Military but not Reformatory.” Till’ FII KF-ilOI.II MI LIT A ft V SCHOOL is n home school for young I at I j ouiy: do you realize the value of this? The classes are small, and limited enrollment permits of Indi- vidual instruction and care. Gymnasium, athletic field, all outdoor sports Half 11 mile dlntant but under Hmn« iiiiiiuiKeiiiPiit, M M .li:it*|.y M 11,1 T A It V A<‘ \ IH.^1 V. a school with the highest scholastic standing. Prepares for any college or business ; also West Point and Annapolis. Beautiful country location. 42 miles from New York, (56 miles from Philadelphia. Modern equipment, gym- nasium, athletic field, all outdoor snorts. I*or catalogue of either school, address MAJOIt <11 AIM.KM M. IM XCAN, llox TOO,	Freehold. X. J. New Jersey Military Academy For Older Boys HARPER’S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER SCHOOLS & COLLEGES NEW JERSEY (continued). ONTCLAIR ACADEMY Orange Mountains. Overlooking New Vork—500 Feet Elevation 24th year under present Headmaster. A College Pre- Eory School with modern equipment, including new Academic Building, swimming pool, gyMi- ni and athletic field. Montclair Academy is an ideal school lor boys: superb climate, beautiful and heallhlul location. Our wonderfully successlul plan ol individual assistance is fully explained in a book- let entitled "Your Boy and Our School." in which the Headmaster says some pointed things which will in- terest parents, no matter where their sons are edu- cated. Mailed, together with our illustrated cata- logue. upon request JOHN 0. MucVICAR, A.M., 3 W«L0» PUCE. Momtun, N. J. I IN choosing a school for your boy you place 1 character and scholarship foremost in your requirements. So do we in selecting boys for The Peddie Institute OUR AIM IS: "The Beat Boy a* School in America" I	We have an endowed school with an enviable record In nt- II	nic boys for college anil for life: a strong faculty of anrcru- f III experience hern: splendid enthusiasm among oar 2*0 boy*. t location nine miles f rom Princeton; region unsurpassed for health. Fine equipment. Sixty acres campus, athletic Held,gymnasium with indoor track and swimming pool. Well-appointed laboratories, library of 900 volumes, .il»servatory. museum. * We prepare for all colleges, law. medical and engineering schools. Tliorongh business course Music, 1 Kates (too. Lower school for boys U to 14 years. Forty- fifth year .'pons Sept. 21, 1B10. Catalogue and Imokleta sent on request. It W. BWtTHSD, *. It., Prtnlpal, BoaV-B.Blgkt.tan, H. J. 44 My Son Having Tailed Completely in hi* preliminary examination for college, entered your school, anti in one year he covered two regular school years of work os is done at most uchools, and not only passed his examinations easily for college, but with credit to himself and his school." This extract of a letter from the mother of a recent student is one of a hundred or more valued by Mr Groff, showing the high grade of success he has had for twelve years The School now has to offer an unrivalled school plant and equipment— The Groff Country School Deal Beach, New Jersey having purchased "Kildysart." the magnificent estate of the late Daniel O'Day. of the Standard Oil Company, on the New Jersey Coast. The new location provides not only adequate class room and school equipment, but every comfort and convenience of the miwt modern home for Summer and Winter, with boating ton Deal Lake), golf, horseback riding and other outdoor sports carefully directed Few boys are stupid, they simply need individual as- sistance bv able teachers. Here timid boys arc en enuraged, bright boys are interested and backward boys are made capable of quicker advancement. Each boy treated in accordance with his needs. No grades or forms that a boy must fit. Enrollment is limited Separate deportment for boys 8	to 14 years. Fall term begins Sept. a6. Address JOSEPH C. GROFF (A.B. and Class 1 893. U.S.N.A.). 228 West 72nd Street. New York- or ‘•Kildysart.” Deal Beach. N. J. Vnlnmhmu V V.. or 162® llr.l Itrar*,. *. J. WASHINGTON, D. C. NATIONAL CATHEDRAL SCHOOL FOR BOYS An Episcopal country school occupying its beautiful new home Prepares for Colleges anil Universities. Bishop of Wash- ington. I’res Board of Trustees For catalogue, address 1! L. Gxkoc. Headmaster. Box B. Mount St. Alban. Washington, D C. The Army and Navy Preparatory School. Select bonrding school for young men and boys Thorough preparation for colleges, scientific schools. Government academics. Special courses New buildings. Athletic grounds: new gymna- sium. Catalogue E.	Swavblv. I’rin . 4107 Connecticut Ave.. Washington, u. C. Cloverside ScHool National Park Seminary a VlUVCidlUC UU1VU1	(SI FOR GIRLS The Misses Timlow have transferred their school, Cloverside, from Monl- | clait, N. J., to Washington, D. C. 1 The Capital affords unique opportunities for culture and education. The School Course prepares for college, but lays special stress on advanced work in liter- ature, psychology, ethics, history of art, logic and eco- nomics, equivalent lo part of a college course. The endeavor is lo leach the relative values of life and to develop poise and character, ylddrcu {or catalogue Mist Elizabeth Timlow, Principal, 1600 Scott Circle Waihington. D C. •The Glen School." For Young Women Washington, D. C. (Suburbs A unique collegiate school for the education of girls by sane effective means. College quality and variety of work suited to each student’s needs, tastes and heallh. Training and cul- ture of the whole being. True preparation for refined, com- panionable, useful womanhood. Academic Studies, Music. Art, Literature, Sclonce, Civics, Secretarial Course and Domestic Science. A village of school buildings In a park ol romanllc beauty. Every facility lor study, rest and recre- ation. Pure air and water and perfect sanllation. V> rilo for attractive Illustrated book. _ Address, Box 1 Ol, Forest «len. Md. . Ar k’ HARPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. An Ideal School for Girts and Young Women located in » charming park of ten acres. Surrounded by and within eat? reach of the many and varied educational Institution* (or which Washington is famed. Cultured instructors; delightful home life; refined asso- ciations ; social advantages wholesome. Preparatory, Cer tlficnte and College Courses. Music, Art, Elocution, an.: Domestic Science. Literature on request. Address F.	MKNEKKi- President, Wit.hlngtmi. l>. C. WASHINGTON SEMINARY. A beautiful home, refined associates, thorough instruction. Academic and Special Courses, Certificate admits to college. Cult- ure class for Post-Graduates. offering advanced English. Civics. Ethics. Music. Art. Languaves. Travel Class. Gymnasium. Tennis Mr. and Mrs. G. T. Sstuwooa. Principals aioj-oo S Street. Washington. D. C. MISS MADEIRA'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. College Preparatory and certificate privilege to Vassar. Smith and Weuesley. Complete academic course for punils not «ninc t. colle«c. Two years' advanced course for High School graduates Music and art. Gymnasium ond athletics Miss Lvcv Madeira, 1330 toth St.. Washing ton. D. C. SCHOOLS & COLLEGES. WASHINGTON, D. C. (continued). THE COLONIAL SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Graduatingand elective courses. Preparation for College and Euro- pean travel. Two months of resident study in Florida. Music, Art. Lamruvres, Expression Individual instruction. Advantages of the Capital fully utilised. Out-of-door recreation and sports. Miss Cmarlottb Crittenden Everett, Principal. ijas Connecticut Ave.. Washington, D. C. NATIONAL CATHEDRAL SCHOOL for Girls. Fireproof Building. Park of 40 acre*. Unrivalled advantage* in music and art. Certificate admits to College. Special Courses. Tlie Bishop of Washington, President Board of Trustees. Mrs. Barhour Walkkr, M.A.. Principal. Mt. St. Alban, Washington, D. C. FAIRMONT. A School for Girls. Regular and special courses. Music. Art. Expression. Prepara- tion for foreign travel Playground adjoining Columbia Heights, Wash Washington, D. C. St. Margaret’s Boarding and Day School forGirls. General and Elective Courses. Kindergarten Depart- ment. Special attention given to foundation work. Girls ad- mitted to Boarding Department ot eight years. Misses Lifpikcott and Bakrr, Principals. 2115 California Avenue. Washington, D. C. For Young Women located in the finest residential aectiun of the National Capital, overlooking Dupont Circle Delightful school life combined with Washington advantages. Two year** rotirar lor lllffh *cho«»l trriiduat***. General and Special Courses. Department -»f |»omr*ile Brlesev. Music. Elocution. A»tv and Cr«fts, Hmlern 1-anifuages. Ontdoor Hport«. Sight-seeing each week. (500-$«00 a year. EDWARD W. TIIOIPSOS, Prln., 1001 l onn^llrnt AT».,Wa»hlngt«a, D.C. THE MISSES EASTMAN'S SCHOOL. Boarding and Day School for Girls. Opens October 3. 130s 17th Street, Washington, D. C. BELCOURT SEMINARY. Home and day school for girls. Unexcelled location. Cours leading to diploma, college preparatory, and special course? Certificate admits to college. Exceptional opportunities in Mu.k Art. Expression, and Languages. Social and educational ad vantages of the Capital Outdoor sports. Address Mrs. M. B. Sovt f.kvei.l, Principal, Washington. D. C GUNSTON HALL. A beautiful Colonial Home School for Young Ladies. Illus trated catalogue. Mrs. Beverley R. Mason. Principal. Miss E. M. Clark. LL.A.. Associate Principal. 1006 Florida Ave., N. W.. Washington, D. C. LAISE-PHILLIPS SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. College Preparatory. Academic, and Elective Courses. Advance* course for high school graduates Art, Music. Mrs. J. Sylvkkth Piin.i.fps, Principal. i6«q Connecticut Avenue, Washingtqn.D.C FOR SCHOOL ADVERTISING RATES, address Harper's Magazine, Franklin Sq.. New York City. CHEVY CHASE COLLEGE AND SEMINARY A Home School for Young Ladies. Music. Art. Elocution, an. Domestic Science. Campus of 11 acres. Golf and other outdoo sports. Healthful location at Chevy Chase." Suhurb Beautiful. Artesian water. Mr. and Mrs. S. N. Barker. Principals. _Drawer *41, Washington, D. C. BRISTOL SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Separate French Residence. Special. Preparatory. A ca.l cm I and two yean' t.ollegiutc Courses Athletic and pleasure grounds Music Art. Dramatics. Drawing-room Deportment. Foreig Travel Capital advantages. Location high and heathful- park of three acres. Miss Alice A. Bristol. Principal. Mintwood Place and 10th Street. Washington. D C. HAMILTON SCHOOL. OPPOSITE THE WHITE HOUSE, Por Girls and Youn Ladies. \\ rite for catalogue. Mrs. Pikzhe Hamilton Seaiirook. Principal. Lafayette Sq . Washington. D. C. THE STUART SCHOOL FOR GIRLS and Young Ladies. Miss Claudia Stl-art. PrincipaL 1756-' JSi*— ■ ;0o-1 rfts Columbia Road, Washington. D. C. VIRGINIA. AUGUSTA MILITARY ACADEMY. (ROLLER'S SCHOOL.) In the famous Shenandoah Valley. A country school with modern equipment. Electri. liithls. Steam heat. Gymnasium, containing bowling alley, swimming pool. etc. Experienced instructors. 36 years of successful work. For catalog, address Fort DitriAN. *. Vu. RANDOLPH-MACON ACADEMY. For Boys and Young Men. Pits for college, scientific school or business. * Work endorsed by over .10 colleges and universities Beautiful and healthful location. Athletic grounds, gyranasiuir Terms only $»jo. No extras. For catalogue, address E. St'MTER SMITH. Prin.. UmiroRD Crrr. Va. HARPEK’B ilia AX IX/; ADVBItTWy.il. ^outhern Semina rlj A Con«*o« for Womoit, of the grad.} of Vassar, Wellesley, Smith and Bryn Mawr. Four years of collegiate and two year* of preparatory work are given. Locate 1 In the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains on an estate of 3000 acres. The building* are modern, and the conditions for health are unsurpassed. On Southern Railroad, south of Washington. Fifth yeai opens Sept. 20th, 1010. Catalogue and views sent upon application. DR. MARY K. BENEDICT. President, Box 100 STUART HALL. Formerly Virginia Female Institute. Church School for Girl and College Preparatory.	, ......... Session. UnuRual advantages in Music. Makia Pks'ulkto.v Duval. Principal. rlv Virginia Female Institute. i School for Girls in Blue Ridgr Mountains. Intermediate gePreparatory. New Gymnasium and Infirmary. 07th Addn Virginia College For Young Ladles.	ROANOKE, VA. Opens Sept.29th. 1910. Oneof the lendingSchools in the South. Modem buildings. Campus of ten acres. Located in Valley of ~	SI Virginia, famed I tor health and <% ■ rv ) ■...... beauty of scenery, ■elective, Pre- paratory and Collesre Cours- es. 'Music, Art, Expression, Domest !«• Sci- ence, under the direction of Kuro- petin and Ameri- can instructors. Students from 32 States. For cata- logue. address sir- i-. ikuii, iivMdrni, mmiioHe, « a. Mrs. Gertrude Harris Boatwright. Vice-Pres. THE DANVILLE SCHOOL. For Boys. Splendid opportunity to prepare for University or Technical School. Healthful location. Pine buildings: modern equipment. Increasing attendance. Board and Tuition. $300 a year. Write at once for illustrated catalogue giving full information. HAMPTON COLLEGE.                                                 MARY BALDWIN SEMINARY. Classical School for Girls and Young Ladies. Ten minutes*        For Young Ladies. Term begins Sept. 8th, 1910. In Shenan¬ ride by electric car from Old Point Comfort. College «rtifi-     doah Valley of Virginia. a©6 students from 3.1 States past cate. For further particulars, address                           srssion. Terms Moderate. Enter any time. Send (or catalogue. Mins E. C. Weimar, Principal. Staunton, Va. WE WILL INSERT                                                   BOWLING GREEN SEMINARY. your school advertisement in a space of this size, seven lines,  Rates, <167.50. 44th year. Special advantages at lowest rates. at the following rates: one time, eight dollars and seventy-five In a beautiful and historic Virginia town. Strong faculty. Cer¬ cents; three times, eight dollars and thirty-one cents each in¬  tificate to colleges. Phenomenal health. Sports. Opens Sept. sertion: twelve times, seven dollars each insertion.             »oth. Catalogue. Harper & Brothkrs. New York. Rev. C. K. Millican, A.B. Box 404. Bowling Grebv, Va. Staunton Military Academy An Ideal Home School for Manly Boys 370 Boys from IS States last session. Lnrv'tt Private. Academy in the South. Boys from 10 to 20 years old prepared for the UnircrsUics. Gov- ernment Academies, or Business. 1,600 feet above neo-level; pure, dry, bracing mountain air of the famous Shenandoah Valley. Pure mineral spring waters. Military training develops obedience, health.and manly cnn-lage. Fine Rliady lawns, gymnasium, swim- ming pool and athletic |>ark. Daily drllla. Bovs from liomra of refine- ment only desired. Personal individ- ual Instruction liy our Tutorial System. Academy fifty yea™ old. Sew ,100.000 liarrncks. full equipment.absolutely flre- proof. ChargesfMO. Handsome catalogue free. Address: CAPTAIN WM. H. KABLE, A. M„ PRINCIPAL. STAUNTON. VA. BARPEll’S HAOAZIKE ADVERTISER. SCHOOLS & COLLEGES. VIRGINIA (continued). LEACHE-WOOD SEMINARY FOR GIRLS. One hour’s sail from Old Point Comfort. Delightful home. Aca- demic and Special Courses. Native French Teacher. Art and Music. Kates s. Miss A. D. West. Principal. Norfolk. Va HOLLINS INSTITUTE. Founded 184a. A college for young women. College, Elective and Preparatory Courses. Music. Art, etc. Located m Valley of Virginia. 500 acres. Seven miles north of Roanoke. Invigorat- ing mountain climate. For catalogue, address Miss Matty L. Cocke, President, Box 301. Hollins. Va. FAUQUIER INSTITUTE. For Young Ladies. The 51st session begins Sept. 11. i0io. Situated m Piedmont region of Virginia, ss mile, from Washing- ton. A limited and thorough home school. Kates. $joo upward. Catalogue on request. N RI.LIR V. Bi.iti.br. Principal. Box tj. War rev ton’, Va. SOUTHERN FEMALE COLLEGE. 1 48th year. An ideal College Home, after highest Virginia standards. Social training. Five build- ings. Gymnasium. Regular and special courses. Music. Art. Elocution. Jaoo to tjoo. Arthur Kyle Davis, A.M. Box 101, Pktbrshuro, Va. SCHOOLS & COLLEGES MARYLAND. I'l'l'I'I'I'I'I'I'I'Hl'l'l'l'l'l'l'I'I'I'l^l'Pl'I'I'I'I'I'I'l1 the Campus The Tome School for Boys An Endowed Preparatory School Its Endowment makes possible: A Faculty of university tnen who are specialists in their departments. An enrollment limited to boys of high character. School buildings and grounds represent- ing an investment of $1,500,000. Swimming Pool, Gymnasium, Athletic Fields, Golf Links, Quarter Mile Track, Batting Cage, Tennis Court*. A completely equipped Lo-iutr School for Little Boys. Tuition $700. Elaborately illustrated Bjok art Request. Thomas SiockhamBaker, Ph.D., Port Deposit, Md. I! £ KEE MAR COLLEGE. For Women. Modem buildings, campus of ten acre*, in the beautiful Cumberland Valley. Preparatory, Collegiate, and Special Courses, with unusual advantages in Art and Music. Sjoo a year. For illustrated catalogue, address S.	M, Nbwjiax, D. IJ.. President.	HAr.BBStowK. Md. Edgeworth Boarding and Day School. For Girls. The 48th year begins Thursday. September so. 1010. Mrs. H. P. LEKEBvas.)	. Miss E D. Ilcirn.Br, f **nneipals u> and 1:4 VV. Franklin Street, Baltiuobe, Md. NOTRE DAME OF MARYLAND. College for Women and Preparatory School for Girls. Regular ami Elective Courses. Extensive grounds. 1-ocation unsur- passed. Suburbs of Baltimore. Spacious buildings, completely equipped. Beautiful new building with capacity for tw addi- tional students ready in loto. Conducted by School Sisters of Notre Dame.	Charles Street Avenue. Bai.ti>iobb. Md. MARYLAND COLLEGE 1853-1910. For Women. Baltimore Suburb* Washington advantages. Preparatory anil College. Two yeare* course for hi«h-school gradu- ates. A B. and Lit .B Degrees. Elocution: Art. .School of Music. New Pipe Organ. Healthful Climate Beautiful Campus. Out- door Sports. Elegant Sun-Parlor. Non-sectarian. Catalogue. Charles Wictlby Gallagher. D.D.. Bo* B. Lutherville, Md. THE LIVINGSTON SCHOOL, of Kingston, N. Y.. removed to the Green Spring Valley. Md., is now known as THE GARRISON FOREST SCHOOL. Boarding department limited to ten. for girls from six to sixteen years. Healthful country surroundings five mile* from Baltimore. For catalogue, address Miss Mary MoNCRiBrrx Livingston. Pikesville P. O., Md. (Until Sept. soth at Ogunquit. Me.) A COUNTRY HOME SCHOOL FOR YOUNG BOYS. 80 acres on arm of Chesapeake Bay. Easily reached via Balto. or Phila. Mild, healthful climate. A wholesome life under per- sonal supervision of experienced teacher. Small classes. An opportunity for boys needing special attention. Address H H. Ballard, Ph.D., Box 4. Sta. B. Baltimore. .Md. •_TENNESSEE._ BUFORD COLLEGE. Select home college for the higher culture of women. Limited to 100. Ideal suburban location. Thorough College course Con- servator)* advantages in Art. Music, and Expression University Bible Course. Non-sectarian. Term opens September 15, igi'o. Write for year-book A. Mr. E. G. Buford. Regent. Mrs E G. Buford. President.	Nashville, Tenn. WARD SEMINARY. For Girls and Young Women. 46th year. Seminary’ and Spe- cial Courses. College preparation. Conservatory of Music. 175 Boarding Pupils. Complete appointments. City advantages. Outdoor sports. Delightful climate. For catalog, address J. 1>. Blanton. LL.D.. President. Nashville, Tenn. Tennessee Military Institute 5ESEES5K r. On main P < t Bft't Ten \ A school ol national patronage, ineol Southern Ky. In mountain* of l_ nev*r, tht SmtXf A/m./ Amrrun, Mott healthful climate in V. S. JS ttate* represented past session. New buiklinics. up-to-date equip- ment. Steam heal, electrk il«ht». runninir water from fine Mwln* in every room. t'.yta- naslum. howlini: alleys, athletic field. tampu% •if 4S acres. l-niampmenl* in mountain*. practice marches, cat airy trfpi •I' lion. I’rrpam for Coll ment Aca/lemie* or Hutinesv roumlinir* Meal. One ol the moit military schools in the &>u1h. Terms. Itoanl ami tuition, hill section, For illustrated catalogue. iilitmt !. O. « . HI LTIV. SafMrtaM iiovern • WEST VIRGINIA. ALLEGHANY COLLEGIATE INSTITUTE. Rates. $187.50. For youmt men and women. Military and out- door life for young men. Boating, etc. In beautiful Greenbrier Valley. Lower school also. Sao scholarship to first student from each state. Strong faculty. Opens September so. Rev. L. S. Shires, A.B. Box 504. Alubbson', W, Va. WE WILL INSERT your school advertisement in a space of this sire, seven lines, at the following rates: one time, eight dollars and seventy-five cents, three times, eight dollars and thirty-one cent* each insertion; twelve times, seven dollars each insertion. Habpbb & BaoruBBS. New Yobk. iLrtoisfattro: gstmtnarp anli Conscrbatorp of jfljlustc /or 0irl6 anU J3oung; Laiica Modern buildings, fine equipment, gymnasium. Lsrfie campus, delightful climsie, health record unsurpassed. Elective, ac«dcmic,_ college courses. Music, Art, Expression. Europe For catalogue addrc . bxpr and American instructors. F< LEWISBURQ SEMINARY. Lewisburg. W. V«. an rcss HARPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. SCHOOLS & COLLEGES. CALIFORNIA.	NORTH CAROLINA. California, Los Angeles. Harvard School FOR BOYS (Military) Boarding and day pupils. Fit# for college nnd business. Fine llulldiugs. Fourteen Masters. Chemical and Physical Labora- tories. Machine Shop* lor Manual Training. Ten - acre campus. Cement Tennis Courts. Quarter* mile track and 220-yard straight* away. Two Gymnasiums. Shower Hath*. Indoor Rifle Range. U. S. Army Officer detailed by the Secretary of War. {Stud /or illustrate J Prln.. C.HKNVII.LR C. I-.MKHY. I-ltt-D., Late Matter in the Boston LaMa School. GIRLS’ COLLEGIATE SCHOOL. Nineteenth year t*cgins September 39th. “An ideal school amid ideal surround ings.” UPPER SCHOOL, girls above seventh snide. Certificate admits to all colleges. Domestic Science. Music. Art. Gym- nasium. Limited number resident pupils. Miss Parsons nnd Miss Drnkkw. Principals. LOWER SCHOOL, girls below eighth grade. Thoroughly graded school, beginning with kindergarten, fitting girls for the "Upper School." Music, Art, Gymnasium. Children admitted to home department. Miss Thomas and Miss MoscROve. Principals. Adams and Hoover Sts.. Los Angeles. Col. HISS ALLEN'S SCHOOL For Nervous and Backward Children. Fifteenth year opens Sept. 8. Uj6 Constance Street. Los Ascgblbs. Cal. SOUTH CAROLINA. Asheville School Located in the Mountains of North Carolina near Asheville. The following is a statement of its most important features: ». The school is situated in the most healthful region east of the Mississippi River, in a climate giving the largest opportunity for outdoor life. 7. The grounds contain seven hundred acTes of land, pro- viding fields for sports, ponds, streams, woods and hills. This land was selected not only with regard to its usefulness, but also for the beauty of its surroundings. 3.	The buildings were constructed especially for school pur- poses ami are thoroughly sanitary. 4.	The courses of study, though broad, are consistent, and give the best preparatiim to boys who desire to enter any college or technical school or to go into business. 5.	Tlie teachers are college graduate*, chosen for their fitness to instruct and care for hoys. 6.	The boys are under the constant care and charge of the principals and of their families. l^ist September seven graduates entered Cornell, four Yale, two Princeton, two Williams, two Amherst, two Case, one Har- vard, one University of Michigan. Present students are from Massachusetts. Connecticut, New York. Pennsylvania. Ohio. Indiana. Illinois, Michigan. Virginia. North Carolina. South Carolina. Georgia. Florida. Louisiana. Tennessee. Kentucky. Recently a large building has been erected, and therefore fifty more pupils can be received. Copies of the Year-Book, giving a full description of the school will be mailed upon application. ADDRESS Headmaster, Asheville School Asheville. N. C. KENTUCKY. Kentucky Military Institute The School with a Winter Home in Florida Itoys, do you know the delights of school life in Florida ? Of bathing, boating. baseball, tennis, etc., In the middle of January? In addition to our perma- nent home at Lyndon. Ky.,we have winter quarters on the Indian River, Kau Gallic. Fla. This permits outdoor training all the year round. To a limited number of boys we offer preparatory and collegiate courses; also practical courses in Civil, Mechanical and hJectrical Engineering. Thu military department is in charge of a l\ S. army officer. Hates, including Florida trip, 4*IT»0. Send for eatah ULf.W.JOWL! COLLEGE FOR WOMEN. Grants thedegrcesof A. B. and A.M. Departments of Music, Art. Domestic Science, etc. Well-equipped buildings. Out-of-door exercise. Beautiful location. Catalogue on request. Address E. E. McCuntock, A.B., President. Box C. Cou-vnu. S. C. ASHLEY HALL. A Home And Day School for Girls. Well-equipped Colonial house in extensive grounds. Thorough preparation for all lead- ing Colleges; graduating courses in Science, History. Languages. Music. Art. and Elocution. Able faculty, including native Ptench teacher. Healthful climate; good gymnasium; outdoor sports all the year. Address Miss Maiiy Vabdrisk McBre, M.A., Principal. ClIARUtSTOK. S. C. FLORIDA._ FLORIDA MILITARY ACADEMY. Located in a famous health resort. Perfect health recurd. Bracing climate. NO SALOONS No factories. Personal attention to boys' com- fort and pleasure. The table is fine! No home- sickness Trained specialists thoroughly pre- pare our boys for college and business. Cadets from tj states Body-building military drill Kindly discipline. Pull athletic features « nte for catalogue. CoL Gko. W. Ht-Lvnv, Sunt.. Box A. Greks- Covr Springs. Fla. (Near Jacksonville ) SCIENCE HILL SCHOOL. An English and Classical School for Girls. College Preparatory course with certificate privileges at Wellesley, Yassar, Smith, and other colleges. 85 years of successful work. College-trained teachers. hujwrior advantages in music. Mrs. W. T. Poyntbr. Principal.	Shbldyvillr, Ky. WHAT SCHOOL ? Por assistance in the selection of a suitable school, address Instruction Department. Harper's Macasinr, N. V HARPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. The Ely School One of the best - equipped schools for girls In the country. Beauti- fully located, overlooking I.oiir lslund Sound, 50 minutes from New York City. Building new and specially designed for the school. College I*reparatory and general course. Modeling, drawing, choral and sight singing Included in every grade. A Department of Domestic Science. Gymnasium. Athletics. Outdoor Sports. SCHOOLS & COLLEGES. CONNECTICUT. THE NEIDLINGER VOICE SCHOOL FOR DELAYED OR IMPERFECT SPEECH. .. Your chiM may be taueht to talk, on thr shore of the beautiful Mystic River, in an ideal home-schoo! for the summer- with light Hardening, manual training, row-boat and motor-boat as adjunct*, all safe, all supervised, he miv not only lie made to talk, hut, in consequence, restored to health. Write for Interview—New York or Mystic—and record of won- derful results. Limited. Select. Nkdusqu Voick School, Mrs nr. Conn. May to Oct. Outsat. N. J., Oct. to May. MISS BAIRD'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. 37th year. Intermediate. College Preparatory and General Courses. Superior advantages in Male, Art. and the Language* Gymnasium. The home life is replete with inspiration. __54 West Avenue, Norwalk, Conn. THE PHELPS SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Intermediate. College Preparatory and Special Courses. Kauai attention to development of mind, body and manners. Limited to as. Home atmosphere. Gymnasium. Basket-loll. Tennis, etc. For catalogue, address Miss PKAKCBS B. Atwatrr. Principal. Wall inc. roRD, Conn. THE ELIZABETH MEAD SCHOOL. For Girls. One hour from New York City. Beautiful location. Certificate admits to Vasaar, Wellesley. Smith, or Mt. Holyoke. General and Special Courses. Number limited. Margaret R Brenolinger, A.B„ Vassar. Prin. Hillside, Norwalk. Conn. The Fannie A. Smith Froebel Kindergarten and Training School. We have found the demand for our graduates greater than we can supplv. One and two year course. For catalogue, address Pakmib A. Smith. Principal. 861 Lafayette St.. Bridgeport. Conn. LITCHFIELD SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Advantages of country life among the Berkshire Hills. Col- lege preparatory ami general courses. Frances Eliot Hickox	Litchfield, Conn. THE CATHARINE AIKEN SCHOOL for Girls. Established 1855. Unusual opportunities. Address Mil. Harriet Bsschrr Scoville Devan. A.B. (Wellesley), Stamford, Conn , near New York City. Connecticut Froebel Normal Kindergarten Primary Training School. College preparatory, general academic boarding and day school for girls and young ladies Personal supervision, uth year. Booklets. Address Mart C. Mills, Prin., 1S1 West Avenue. Bridgeport. Conn. THE TACONIC SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Near beautiful lake in the Berkshire Hills. Separate home for younger girls. Thorough college preparatory and special courses. Golf, tennis, basket-ball, boating. Mi« Lilian- Dixon. A.B. (Wellesley and Bryn Mawr), Miss Bertha Bailet. B.S. (Wellesley), Lakeville. Conn. OXFORD SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Fitting for College General courses. Tlio intelligent activity of mind and liody of each pupil is developed according to her needs. Outdoor and indoor sports. Miss M. I. Billings, Headmistress. Miss M. E. Martin, Associate._ Hartford. Conn, THE CAMPBELL SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. (Formerly Hayden Hall.) A beautiful suburban location. Attractive home life. Prac- tical work in Domestic Science. Number limited. A. H. Caupiiell, Ph.D.. Principal. Mrs. A. H. Campbell. Associate Principal. _____Windsor, Conn. MISS BUTTS’S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS Offers a healthful, happy home, with the best advantages for study and recreation. Norwich. Conn. SUFFIELD SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Near New York City. Modern buildings. New gymnasium. Athletics. Endowment permits the best for the reasonable expense of $350. Ralph K. Bkarce, A.M.. Prin. Box C, Connecticut Literary Institution, SurriELD, Conn. WYKEHAM RISE. A Country School for Girls. Miss Davies, Principal. Washington, Conn. INGLESIDE—A SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. School year begins Tuesday, October 4. 1010. Mrs. Wm. D. Black. Patroness.’ _Nkw Mijj^rd. Litchfield Co.. Conn. SAINT MARGARET'S SCHOOL. College Preparatory and Diploma Courses. Thirty-sixth year. Modem Equipment. Miss Emily Gardner Mvnro, A.M., Principal. Water bury. Conn. PARK AVENUE INSTITUTE. A home school for boys. gP business. SRTiiTJI'joNRs, A.M.. PrincipoL Bridgeport, Conn. HARPER'S U AO AXIS'E ADVERTISER. SCHOOLS & COLLEGES CONNECTICUT (continued). CHESHIRE SCHOOL FOR BOVS Founded A. ». 1794.	CHESHIRE, CONN. Situated on lilglt ground In the most beautiful and healthful section of Central Connecticut, within onsy reach of Now Ilaven. Course of Instruction calculated U> develop equally every phase of the boy's character. College Preparatory and genera! courses. supplemented by n well-directed physical training. All buildings aro'.quipped with modern conveniences nnd sanitary features throughout. An Illustrated history and catalogue of U10 school will bo sent on request. PAUI. KI.IIMPKK, M.A. (Ynle), Hendmnater. RURISEY HALL. A school in the country for young boys, where they are pre- pared to enter secondary schools without conditions Write for catalogue to the HEADMASrER. Cornwall, Conn. THE RIDGE SCHOOL. Founded by WILLIAM GOLD BRINSMADE. In the high- es of Litchfield County. A home school for older boys, itcd to twenty. A large faculty enables us to give partic- ular attention to each boy. Booklet on request. WASiUNflTON, Conn. STAMFORD PREPARATORY SCHOOL. A school which offers to boys the refining influences of homo life. The cottage system. Only five boys taken in each house. Hoys of the highest character only are received The certifi- cate of this school admits to almost all leading colleges. All Athletics. Catalogue. A' tkkd C. KontHVT. Director._Stamford. Conn. THE SANFORD SCHOOL. On a well-stocked farm of j<o acres. Rich out-of-door expe- riences, not merely athletics. Individual attention under experi- enced teacher* Thorough preparation for all colleges. A sum- mer session for candidates for Septemlwr examination. D, S. SaxroKD. A.M.. Headmaster. Box A, Ridge wold. Redding Ridgr, Conn. NEW HAMPSHIRE. recently in improvements. Col Elmer E French. <- on the Connecticut Riv THE PHILLIPS EXETER ACADEMY. yoth year opens September si, 1910. Par catalogue and views, address Harlan P. Amrx, Principal. Exbtrr. N. II. A PRIVATE SCHOOL should advertise in a business-like and dignified manner. Por rates, address	Harper's Magazine, New York. N. Y. Rockland Military Academy. Education is costly. Ignorance more so. Th in school develops manliness, builds character, trains mind and Jy at the formative lime of a boy’s ...i. Military system, judicious ath- letics. preparation for College, West Point. Annapolis, or business. 14 years under same management Summer Camp. $10,000 expended Our five books free. with the f endow- med last I ■M . Rev. Lorin Webster. L.H.D.. Rector. Plymouth. N. H. KIMBALL UNION ACADEMY. High elevation in one of the most attractive sections of the New Hampshire Mountains Experienced instructors. Certificate privileges. New an! separate dormitories for girls ami boys. Athletic field. The endowment permits low cost of Saoo Address Charles Aloes Tract. Principal, , _ __Mrriden. N. H. THE STEARNS SCHOOL FOR BOYS.	THE COLBY ACADEMY. Situated in the picturesque hois of southern New Hampshire.	In the New Hampshire Hills. Altitude isjo feet. Strong Prepares for PhilliovAndover and other leading schools. Boys	faculty. College certificate. Prepares for technical schools or live in cottages with principal and masters. Gymnasium and	business. Gymnasium. Athlete field A separate department athletic field. Address	for young boys. House mother. Endowment. Every expense A»Tltl-R P. Stearns, Principal.	tiSo. 57th year. 1 Main St.. Mont Verson. N. H.	I Justin O. Wellman, A. B.. Principal. New London, N. H. VERMONT. VERMONT ACADEMY. In the foothills of the Green Mountains. Superb location. Idr.il school for the wholesome training and thorough education of boy*. Special attention to life in the open. Table supidied *r°m the school farms. Grorgr B. Lawson. A.M.. Principal. Saxtons Riter. Vt. RHODE ISLAND. MOSES BROWN SCHOOL. I'ppbr School.—Thorough preparation for college and tech- nical school. Lower School.—Special home care and training for younger bovs. For catalogue and information, address Seth K. GtrroRn, Ph.D.. Principal. Providence R. I. MAINE. WE WILL INSERT Vour school advertisement in a space of this site, seven lines, at the following rates- one time, eight dollars and seventy-five cents: Jhr»e times, eight dollars and thirty-one cents each insertion; twelve time*, seven dollars each insertion. Harter & Brothers, New Yore. THE ABBOTT SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Offers the natural attractiveness of the Rangdey Lake region. Five-year record—every new pupil with one exception has regis- tered for the second year. Ninth Ybsr opens Wednesday. Sept. 98th. Tuition. $700. Add res* George Dudlrt Chcrch. Headmaster. Farmington, Me. HARPER'S VAQAZ1XK ADVERTISER. SCHOOLS & COLLEGES OHIO. CINCINNATI CONSERVATORY of MUSIC established i867 Miss Clara Baur. Directress. Instructs, trains and educate* after the best method* of Fore- most European Conservatories. The faculty numbers some of the Leading Musicians and Artists of today. ELOCUTION MUSIC LANGUAGES Location ideal with respcct to home comfort and luxurious surroundings. The most completely equipped buildings de- voted to music in America. Day and resident students may enter at any time. Illustrated Catalogue FREE. MISS CLARA BAUR Highland Ave., Oak St. and Burnet Ave., Cincinnati, O. THE H. THANE MILLER SCHOOL for Girls. Limited in numbers. College preparatory and advanced nninn. Special advantage* in Languages, Literature, History. Music and Art. Preparation for Foreign Travel. Address Mrs. Ii. P. S. Miller. or Miss E. Louisa Parrv. A M.. Lenox Place, Avondale, Cincinnati. Ohio. GLENDALE COLLEGE. 57th yrnr bcRina September aim. 'Hie location in one of Cincinnati'* moat beautiful auburt*. with the ample equipment ami liberal couraeo. makes thia school capecially valuable to younu wom«*n. Mias R. J. DbVorm, Prcairlcnt. Gl.KKDALB. Ohio. HARCOURT PLACE SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Preporatory and special courses. Music. Healthful location in a beautiful college town. Buildings modern and surrounded by extensive Krounds for outdoor recreation. For catalogue, addn-v* Miss Murwin, Principal. Gasiiiier, Ohio. OHIO MILITARY INSTITUTE. High, beautiful location. Military drill subordinate to academic work. Lower School for Younger Bovs. Certificate admits to colleges. Athletics. A. M Hexxhaw. Com’d't. Box IS. Colleoe Hill (near Cincinnati). Ohio. THE BARTHOLOMEW-CLIFTON SCHOOL. For Girls. An attractive home department for a limited num- ber of resident pupils. Prepares for the liest colleges. Advanced course for High School Graduates. Music. Art. Languages. Miss E. A. Elv. A.M.. and Mia M. P. Smith. Principals. Evanswood, Clifton, Cincinnati, Ohio. UNIVERSITY SCHOOL. For educational purposes, not for profit. Offers exceptional opportunities in the preparation of boys for college or business; strong faculty, shops for manual training; athletic field, gym- nasium. swimming pool, running track, bowling alleys. Location finest in the city. For catalogue, address Harry A. Peters, Prin., ;uj Hough Ave.. Clbvrlavo. Ohio. WE WILL INSERT your school odvertisement in a space of this sixe. seven lines, at the following rates; one time, eight dollars and seventv-five cents; three times, eight dollars and thirty-one cents each insertion; twelve times, seven dollars each insertion Harper & Brothers, New York. MIAMI MILITARY INSTITUTE. At Instance of War Department now being enlarged 50 per cent. Thorough college preparatory and courses leading to degrees. Orvon Graff Brown. M.A., Presid»m IVix 78, Germantown, Ohic (near Dayton). MICHIGAN. DETROIT UNIVERSITY SCHOOL. anally sti 1 applies; cep ted. Calendar upon 1.. 16 Elmwood Av.. Detroit, Mich., will receive illustrated book. tion. Thonr addressingSFrRrr>RT. THE DETROIT HOME AND DAY SCHOOL. Established 1878. Thirty received in the school family. Well -equipped gymnasiur try. and dorneuic science. The Misses Liggett, Principals.	Detroit. Mich. and laboratories for physics. Prepares for College. c hetms- INDIANA. HOWE SCHOOL Howe. Indiana A TEACHER FOR. EVERY TEN BOYS Every Boy Recites Every Lesson Every Day Graduates admitted to lending colleges 011 certificate. K'tate of 150 acres. 0	l'ine Buildings. Thorough sanitation. Healthful country life. All athletic sports. Beautiful lakes. Separate School for Yountfer Boys For Illustrated catalogue, ad- dress Tho Rev. J. H. McKENZIE. Rector. Box 2. KNICKERBACKER HALL. A School for Girls Classed among the vers- best schools in the country. College Preparatory, General ami Special Courses. Certificates admit to leadm* .olievra. In usual social ad vantages. Buildings modern; ample grounds for outdoor sports. For cata- logue. address Julia Ethel Landers (Bryn Muwr). Prin.. Indianapolis. Ind. TUDOR HALL. School for Girls. Certificate admits to Vassar. Wellesley, Smith. Cornell, Mt. Holyoke. Special prensration for Bryn Mawr. Courses in Music. Art, Voice Culture. Household Science. Native French and German Teachers. Bible studv in all dniartmrntn Miss Fredonia Allen, Ph.B (Cornell). Principal UJs N. Meridian St., Indianapolib, Ind. WE WILL INSERT your school advertisement In a space of this sire, seven lines, at the following rates: one time, eight dollars ami seventv-five cents; three times, eight dollars and thirty-one cents each in- sertion: twelve times, seven dollars each insertion Harper * Brothers. New York. HARPER’S K.4 GAF.IXB ADVERTISER. SCHOOLS & COLLEGES ILLINOIS. Monticello Seminary An Idea] School for Young Women nnd Girl*. Sound scholarship, womanly character nnd bodily health arc developed by our course of study and school life. 73d Year begins September 29th. Fine modern buildings and a well balanced Course of Study. Depart- ments, each in charge of trained specialists, for English. Classic and Continental Languages, Science, Mu- sic, Art, etc. Gymnasium for physical culture. Beautifully shaded Campus with Tennis Courts and Basket Ball Field. Address MISS MARTINA C. ERICKSON, Principal, Monticello Seminary, Godfrey, III. (X) TODD SEMINARY FOR BOYS. An ideal Home School near Chicago. 6ad year, N'OIII-K Hill, Principal.	Woodstock, III. GIRTON SCHOOL. Por Girls and Young Women. Ideally located Chiciuto sub- Fraxcis Kino Cooke, Principal. Box 37, WlNXETKA. 111. MORGAN PARK ACADEMY ha* a notable record for fitting boys for College—Business—Life— and developing them harmoniously through prrson<il inUtttt. Home-life with Miliury Pcature*. Central, healthful location. >4 mile* from Chicago. Opens Sept. at. Send for illus. catalogue awl "Results with Boys. ____Box s. Morgan Park. 111. NORTHWESTERN MILITARY ACADEMY. A select military and naval school. Student government. Special emphasis on character building and outdoor life. En- rollment filled early. Reference* as to character and scholarship required. Address Col. H. P. Davidson, Supt., Highland Park. Ill, SCHOOLS and COLLEGES will find by comparison that Harper's Magazine, because of iu high character and universal circulation among people of refine- ment, intelligence, and means, has always printed more School and College announcements than any other periodical of similar character. For advertising rates and further information, address Harper & Brothers, Franklin Square. New York. THE UNIVERSITY SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Boarding and Day School. Lake Shore Drive, Chicago. Por prospectus, address Miss Anna K. Hairs, i	to6 Lake Shore Drive. Chicago. Ill THE MISSES SPAIDS SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. College preparatory and finishing courses. Domestic Science, Music. Certificate admits to leading colleges. Modern equip- ment. Atmosphere of Eastern culture. Catalogue on request. Address Miss Katk L. Spaids, jc4o Michigan Boulevard. Chicago, II!. FRANCES SHIMER SCHOOL of the University of Chicago. For Girls and Young Women. Col- lege and Academic Departments. Music. Art. Domestic Science. F.lo- cution, Vocational Courses. Ratc$36o. Certificate privileges. Gym- nasium. All buildings new. 58th year. Three hour* from Chicago. Catalogue. Address Rov. Wm. P. McKbh, Dean, Box 604, Mt. Carroll, 111. The Kenwood Institute and The Loring School for Girls. Now Consolidated at 4600 Ellis Avenue. Chicago. Certificate admiu to all colleges for women. Bryn Mawr prepa- ration a specialty. College Preparatory and Special Courses. Uneijiialcd advantages in Music and Art. Handsome residence, offering bath with each bedroom; tennis and basket-ball courts and playgrounds. Fall term opens Sept. aoth. Catalogue on request, Stella Dyer Loring and Helen D. Luring, Principals. MISSOURI. WE WILL INSERT your school advertisement in a space of this size, seven lines, at the following rates* one time, eight dollars and seventy-live cents: three times, eight dollar* and thirty-one cents each in- sertion; twelve times, seven dollar* each insertion. Harper & Brothers. New York. LENOX HALL FOR GIRLS. Elegant new building just completed in most classical environ- ment in America College Preparatory and Advanced Courses. Outdoor sports strong feature. Home life unsurpassed in every particular. Address Mrs. M. Louise Thomas. University City, St. Louis, Mo. GERMANY. Private School for Young Ladies in Berlin. Pure German atmosphere. German. French. History. Liter- gy*. Music, Art. Lectures on travel. Physical training. travel Highest references in America and Germany, eany nails with chaperon in September. For circular, address rraulein Hedwig Klatt. W. Bayerischer Plati it, Berlin, "•""•ny, American address, 7aj uayton St.. Hamilton. Ohio. 6 WILLARD SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. asth year. German. French. Art, Music, History, Literature. Foreign travel. College preparation. Cultivated O'rrman home School party sails with chaperon in Sept. For circular, address Mias Alice H. Luce, Ph.D. (Heidelberg), »7 Luitpold Strasse, Berlin, Germany. American address. 3S3 Broadway. Winter Hill, Boston, Mas*. HARPERS MAGAZINE APVERT18ER. SCHOOLS & COLLEGES. WISCONSIN. ST.JOHN’S MILITARY ACADEMY THE lAMERIC RUGE (EPISCOPAL] "Thm School That's Different. '' Locarno*. Beautiful Wauknh. Lake County. Three buutf ride from Chicago on mainline C.M.A M.P.K.It. Courses. Classical, .Science, Literary, Manual Training and Commercial. Athletics. of all kinds. The School has a national reputation. Send (or catalogue. It you can. yum the school. DR. a. T. 5MVTME, President (File C) D.UII.Id, Waukesha Co.. VWIs. Chicago Otllo.-ISIS Masonic Temple. Tel. Can. 3.02. MINNESOTA. SAINT MARY’S HALL. A Home School for Girls. Founded by Bishop Whipple i*6A. Wait ini? list last 4 yrars. Catalogue on application. Mbs CaRQUXI W Rruv Principal. Minn. COLORADO. WOLCOTT SCHOOL. AccrrdM with Eastern Colleges for (.iris. Catalog on application. __Denver, Colo. EUROPE. MISS MAY’S TRAVEL SCHOOL. For Kiris. Three months’ residence. Pari* Three months in villa outside Florence. Two months travel. French. Italian. History, Art, Literature, College Preparation. Oth Year. For booklet, address Mrs. Edward Subrwim, 188 Village Avenue. Dbdiiam. Most. MOTOR TOUR IN EUROPE. Leisurely an,I Kducational Travel. Experienced chaperon takes small party in her own car, 60 h.p. Mercedes Sails Sept. jd. Tliree months. $1500: five months. Saooo; six months, to include Egypt and Greece. <7500. Address Mrs. Keith Gordon. 11 East Newton Street, Boston, Mass. The Thompson-Baldasseroni School of Travel for Girls Languages History History of Art Piano Singing The original school which first established this type of travel schools nnd created the name. Ceasing to In? the pretext for a mere vacation or for a summer extra. liuronean travel becomes the mainspring of a perfect educa- tional instrument. leondon, Paris, Florence, Koine, Naples, Venice, Munich, Nuremlwrg, Frankfort, Kru^els, auJ other cities are visited In four distinct periods, one of which, of four months* duration, devoted to a thorough inter- pretation of Kumpeati life through residence. I'Diversity-trained leaders. One fee covers everything. Mrs. HELEN T. SCOTT, Sec’y, Central Ave.. Dover, N. H. Outdoor Life Ideal Variety of Surroundings Cl I mate. Food, and Experiences FRANCE. COURS DWIGHT. Five months* residence and Btudy in Paris; three months* travel. Highest references. Addres* Miss L. L Cot.nuax. Dwight Houm-. Englewood. New Jersey. Mile. Marie Jras'kerbt, j Boulevard Delessrrt. Paris. France. FRENCH FINISHING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Conducted by members of best French society. Social ad- vantages. Highest social references. For information, apply to VlCOMTRSSB A. dk Chaiiaknes i.A Paucb ln*e Patterson), j Ave. des Chalets, Passy, Paris, near Bois. THE VILLA DUPONT SCHOOL. 4® Rue Pergolcsc, Pants. Tenth year. Boarding and Day School for American Girls. Thorough Instruction in French. Music, and Art. Foreign Travel. Preparation for American Colleges. Miss Lucy Elizabeth Whit*, ) Miss May Lemkr.	Principals, Miss Maud Martijc.	S Address Mis* White, ijo; Forest Ave . Evanston, III. FRENCH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS7 French, Music, Singing. Painting. Masters from Conservatoire Highest references. Family life Madame Putter. I 55 rue lacuucs Dulud. Ncuilly «/ Seine. BoisdeBoulogne. Paris. UNCLASSIFIED. School Information 935 Broadway, How York, or 1515 Ms Normal School of Physical Education Battle Creek, Michigan Send for Address WM. W. Fro* esuiocus and advice of •I) Hoard ins Schools In U. S (Statewh.llivrclrl.* or bor.*) -----a SdMl Awoelalloa Temple, Chicago A Two - Year Course. By affiliation with the Medical College and the Sanitarium exceptional opportunities are presented for study, (or in- vestigation. nnd for personal development. Terms most reasonable. Unusnal oppor- tunities for self -support. Three competitive scholarships. Particular*. HASTINGS. Dean. The Pratt Teachers Agency 7“ Kecommends teachers to colleges, public and private schools. Advise parents about schools. Win. O. Pralf, M*r. STUDY LAW High-Grad* Instruction by Corraspondance Prepares for the bsr Thrre Coursrs; College, Post-Graduate and Butium U* Nine- teenth year. Clav»r% l**tn Send lor catalog R*ving rules I to the bar ot Uic *crera! !»>• admission ChleafO «ore ■deae# H«bu«l ol Law Ml lUaprr lllurk. <hlca*o HARPKR'8 1M OA 7.1XT: ADVERTISER. ir! qk> TO OUR READERS Tj Intelligent American Fathers and Mothers realize that nothing—literally Nothing—can compensate for failure to give their children not only the best general education to be obtained, but the best special advantages and environ- ment which the nature and temperament of each child imperatively needs for material success in after life in pleasant social environments. If Harper's Magazine for many years has published the adver- tisements of a larger number of high-grade Schools than any other periodical in the world. And Harper’s Magazine has been the Means of placing in the best Schools a larger number of Desirable Pupils than any other periodical, Because— % Harper’s Magazine, properly jealous of its unrivalled stand- ing, admits none but advertisements of Schools deservedly having unquestioned reputation; and because Harper’s Maga- zine works as conscientiously in the interest of Parents and Pupils as it works in the interest of the Schools which ad- vertise. Tf If you are in doubt as to where you will send your boy or girl, or cannot find just the sort of school you seek among the large number advertised in this issue, feel per- fectly free to write for information and suggestions to INSTRUCTION DEPARTMENT, HARPER’S MAGAZINE FRANKLIN SQUARE, NEW YORK HARPER'S HAOAZIKE ADVERTISER. Compare Fairy with Other White Soaps You will find that Fairy Soap is white and stays white, while the other so-called white soaps will turn r yellow with age. Fairy has a delicate, refreshing smell, while all other white soaps have a greasy, soapy odor. Fairy is made in the handy, oval cake which just fits the hand, while the others cling with old-fogy tenacity to the awkward, oblong, out-of-date bar which m has to be cut in two to be handled at all.	ly k And when it comes to quality and price— Fairy is just as good as it looks and fe. costs but 5c.	j ' I THE N. K. FA1RBANK COMPANY	f	g Q »ti —* 1 > fmSrS	chicago	/ rr4 ^ F Haye You/\|lx	r \ t '-V t i \ J .	\ i / \ i i \ i	J- a little Fairy in Your Home? V Harper’s Bookshelf IT is not often that an author, otherwise well equipped for doing a distinctive work in fiction, can draw upon a store of material so rich and striking as that which Zaue Grey lias lavishly used in liis now novel. The Heritage »f the Desert. It must be said that Mr. Grey lias worthily lived up to 011a of the greatest opportunities ever a writer had to produce a strongly orig- inal and char- acteristically American novel. The scene of the story lies in southern I" tali and nortiiem Arizona — the country domi- nated by t h e Grand Canon and by the mys- teries of the desert. Z a n e Grey knows this region as lies Beach knows the Alaskan gold- fields, or llam- lin Garland the West of his boy- hood ; for here in the wilder- ness he has shared the life of hunters and ranchmen. Mor- mons and Nava- jos. It is a life of which little has ever reached the outside world, and its full revelation adds the touch of strangeness to a tale that. 's in itself sufficiently romantic. Tt is a pleasure to add that, although the novel is brilliantly atmospheric—saturated with that feeling for environment which only a few writers can express—it is no mere picture. It is a virile romance, full of action, in which mcn are swayed by strong, primitive motives. facing ik-ath carelessly. Seldom has the “ elemental ” note been sounded so truly. The hero, John Hare, is a consumptive invalid, sent West for his liealth. Drifting about from place to place, he at last arrives in southern Utah, where he hopes to find employment on the cattle ranges. Hut the country to which he has come is terrorized by a band of outlaws and “cattle- rustlers ” whose captain is a man n a m e <1 Dene. Dene at once suspects that Ilare is a spy. a n d threatens his life. Turn- ing back. Hare’s strength fails him on the trail, he loses his way, and is found in a dying condi- tion by a Mor- mon named August Naab, who takes pity upon him and shields him from his pursuers. On his first appearance the man Naab im- presses the read- er strongly, and the conviction of his genuineness and real bigness grows as the story advances. Tie is a tremendous and striking figure. Physically he is a giant, and his force of character matches his size. He is of a peaceable nature, yet he has a trick with a gun which makes him quick as lightning on the draw. Moreover, he is a man with a great heart, kind to all living things, dointr all tlie good he can. and trust- HARPER’S BOOKSHELF. ing (rod. I fore, at one’s first entrance into the desert country, one meets a man of primitive strength and primitive faith. Like a patriarch of the Old Testament., lie lives in peace ami plenty with his sons and (laugh- ters in a remote oasis. Thither he transports tho invalid, making him practically one of his own family. Naali is above all else a man, and he is determined to make a man of Hare. lie sends him to the high sheep ranges to regain his health. With him he semis his adopted daughter. Mescal—a half- Spanish. half-Indian girl, whose regular work is the tending of tho sheep. Thus at tho very outset of the story strong sympathy is aroused; for the sick man, given a last des- perate chance for life and longing inex- pressibly for health ami manhood, is most appealing; and Mescal, with her entirely nat- ural but strangely complex personality, draws interest irresistibly. The first stage of tho story is a curiously picturesque idyl, contain- ing some exciting episodes, and showing tlie development of Hare, from a feeble, dis- couraged creature hardly able to walk, into a man of rugged strength and ready resource. At the same time the growth of his love for Mescal is pictured with delicacy and restraint. Then the story widens out. August Naab has an enemy—the rancher Holdemess. lloldemess is really a cattle-rustler, hand and glove with Dene and his band. He is resolved to ruin Naab and to possess himself of his property by seizing his water-holes, the very sources of life to men and cattle alike. Re- peated aggressions result in a war in which Hare stands nobly by his benefactor; but his position is rendered difficult by t 1m* fact that Mescal, whom ho loves, is promised in mar- riage to tho Mormon’s eldest son. “ Snap" Naab—a worthless renegade who eventually deserts to Dene. To escape a union with a man she loathes. Mescal, taking an Indian companion, flees across the Painted Desert. Hare goes to find her. and the story of the search is told with a vividness and imagina- tive power that make it an episode almost without parallel in tho fiction of the time. August Naab long remains true to his prin- ciples of peace, but the killing of one of his sons throws him into a Berserker rage, and he begins a struggle which, despite some strongly tragic features, finally results in hap- piness for Hare and Mescal and all the people whom the reader has grown to love. The tale overflows with exciting happen- ings, not the least of which is the taming of the splendid wild horse, Silvermane—one of the great horses of fiction. Yet the nar- rative is no more series of adventures. All that is related seems perfectly natural, in- contestably real. Every motive is so genuine, all the people are so convincing, tho spell of the desert is so insistent, that the reader soon loses tlie sense of strangeness—almost of bewilderment—with which the story at first affects him. Through absorption in the sheer human interest of the drama he fairly forgets that he is reading a tale of extraordi- nary exploits, violent acts, and occasional bloodshed. One lays down the book with the feeling that he has read a novel of real finality, one that does ft"l 1 justice to the dramatic possibilities and tho strong in- herent interest of its theme. Stories written in the form of confessions or revelations of intimate feeling and lifo- exporience have come to Ik- regarded with a certain suspicion. They are, in fact, only toe likely to prove insipid or cheaply sensa- tional. or both. But the reader of O. Dor- set’s A Successful Wife will find a story of tho intimately revealing sort that is both arresting and worthy of serious attention. Despite the fact that it is written in the simplest possible way—save for its connected- ness, almost like a diary or a letter—A Successful Wife is a well-planned, finely executed novel, holding the interest strongly from beginning to end. It is full of dramatic ela«h and struggle, and the character of the heroine is a triumph. Although Esther Carey is just a simple, unimaginative, woman- ly girl—absolutely true in her mental traits to the type of working-girl she represents— there is never the slightest appearance of improbability in tlie influence she maintains over the brilliant, erratic man she marries or in the unconscious attraction she exercises upon every other man in the story. Esther is loft fatherless at fifteen, and is faced with the necessity of supporting herself and a family of five. She is not of tho com- monplace type in which devotion to duty takes the place of every other emotion, but she has no time to be sentimental or to think of herself. She learns stenography, but is forced to leave her first position through the undue attentions of her employer. Then she HARPERS BOOKSHELF. Joes some work for u society woman 011 Fifth Avenue, going to her bouse for the purpose. Mrs. Falsworth is superficial and faddish; her husband is starved for the affection and sympathy his wife should give him. Will Falsworth falls in love with Esther and half persuades her to elope with him. Meanwhile she has become the head of a typewriting establishment of her own. One day a promi- nent politician. Senator Bellars, dictates to her a sharp letter addressed to his nephew. Stephen Kirkland, in Paris. In it he orders Stephen to come to him, and offers him “ one more chance ” if he will reform. When Kirkland arrives, he turns out to be a hand- some. intellectual chap with charming man- ners and all the jxdish of foreign travel. Me is irresistibly drawn to Esther, who feels somehow that he needs her more than Will Falsworth. She helps him through one or two periods of intense temptation to drink, even walking all over the city with him at night. Falsworth makes a scene, but is sent al*wt his business. Then, in spite of bitter protests from Senator Bellars, Esther and Kirkland are married. In her wifehood Esther suffers all that a woman can suffer from a man who is dis- sipated and eeeentric, but never forgets that he is 0 gentleman. First. Kirkland tries literature, and the refusal of the drama in blank verse upon which he has based his hopes plunges him into despair and drunken- ness. Recovering, he goes into finance, hut his speculations fail. At the same time he engages in a flirtation at a summer resort with a lien 111ifn 1 .voting girl, who apparently commits suicide for his sake. To all these troubles Esther applies her unfailing rem- edies—silence and sympathy. The death of Kirkland's best friend, who has fallen hope- lessly in love with Esther, is the signal for a prolonged debauch. The wife decides to leave her husband, nnd breaks her reserve for the first time to tell him so. “Your si- lence has boon deep gold to the core," he tells her, and in the end she finds herself unable to throw over the burden she has assumed. Her husband promises her. unasked, that he will never touch liquor again—and keeps his word. His next venture is polities, but this is only the beginning of a series of dramatic episodes whieh bring Senator Bellars back into the story and eventually result in a hard- earned and well-deserved victory. Every wom- an will recognize the truth of the heroine's behavior, and the logic of her success cannot be doubted. But the question of whether the success was worth what it cost will be an- swered in many different ways. Altogether A Successful Wife is a decided achievement in what is almost a new type Frontispiece from A Successful Wile of fiction. For the story is not a mere record of emotional experiences. It is a fine study of character and of human nature—genuinely thoughtful, too. since the less the heroine philosophizes, the greater is the need of insight and thorough knowledge on the part of the author. It is sympathetic, not analytical, yet rouses far more than a passing sentimental interest. Esther Carey will remain in the reader’s mind a- a true type of womankind never before fully realized, and, though very different in character, no less modem than, for example. H. G. Wells’s Ann Veronica. C. H. Gaines. Hosiery TraJ* Mark FOR WOMEN CONSIDER THE TRADE-MARK This Trade - Mark has a meaning. It guarantees to give you the value of your money. For twenty-five years it has been stamped on every pair of "ONYX” Hose, more pairs of which are sold than any other, and they are all good hose. Great pains have been taken to make them so. They are not the result of promiscuous or haphazard methods. Sold by thousands of dealers throughout the country, who will cheerfully exchange any pairs that prove unsatisfactory. The numbers described below are worthy of your intelligent and experienced consideration. E 960—Women’s •ONYX" Black and Tun "DUIt-!. TOP” Cobweb Lisle—resists the ravages of the Garter Clasp,	50c. per pair 409 K—Women’s "ONYX ’ “ DUB-T. TOP" BUck. White and Tan Silklisle— double sole, spliced heel. Keels and looks like Silk, wears beiler.	SOc. per pair E 710—Women’s ‘•ONYX" Black and Tan ‘DUB-L TOP” and “WYDE TOP" Game lisle double sole, spliced heel—very wide on top without extra width all over,	SOc. per pair 310/M — Women's" ONYX " Black, Medium Weight— Six-Thread Heel and Toe, Four-'lliread all over A hose dial is uncqualcd for wear and elasticity, SOc. per pair 700 S -Women's “ONYX ” Black and Tan " DUB-L TOP" Silklisle double sole, spiiced heel — an excellent quality.	75c. per pair OUTSIZE HOSE 170 S—Women's “ONYX" Game Lisle “DUB-L TOP" Black. White. Pink, Tail. Cardinal. Sky. Navy. Violet; double sole, spliced heel,	SOc. per pair SILK HOSE FOR WOMEN 4US. A Pure Thread Silk In Black and All Colors, ol extra length with a “WYDE TOP” and "SILKLISLE GARTER TOP” and SOLE. Tills “ON \'X” Silk number Is Twenty-nine inches long, is Extra Wide and Elastic at Top, while the “GARTER TOP” and SOLE of SILKLISLE give extra strength at the points ol wear, preventing Garters from cutting, and toes from goint; through. lOG. \\ omen’* Pun* Thrracl Silk—1!»« t»xtriu»r«lhii*rj' value — mad** in A morion—every possible *hnde or color—Black. White, Tan, Gold, Copenhagen Blue, Wistaria, Amethy»C. Taupe, Bronze, American Beaut v, Pongee, all colors to match shoe or gown. Kvery pair guarantee*!.	$£.£.*» per pair SILK HOSE FOR MEN «SO. Pure Thread Si;k, Black and All Colors, medium weight, with “Onyx ” Lisle Lined Sole—Injuring satisfactory service.	f I ..lO per pair FOR	MEN E 310—Men’* " ONYX’* Black and all Colors—Medium	R 325-Men's M«NYX” Black and all Colors Silk- Weight—Six-Thread Heel and Toe. Four-Thread all over.	ix.i- t, ,,	, , , , , ,, Known by moat men as - The Best Hose I ever	Iu,e' we,*ht- doublc	»°,e* •PI,ccd hc€*- Thc wore." 50c. per pair	satIstmetary hose.**	50c. per pair If your dealer cannot supply you, we will direct you to nearest dealer, or send, postpaid, any number desired. Write to Dept. K Wholesale Distributors Lord & Taylor New York HARPER'S U AO AZIN E ADVERTISER.  Prillr» by H'. A. Ktrk/HitrKk	llluitratinn lor ••The I’crlc-I Hour IT WAS WITH RELIEF THAT HE FOUND HER WITH THE OTHERS ON THE PIAZZA H A R P E R’S Monthly Magazine Vol. CXXl	SEPTEMBER, 1910 No. DCCXXIV Naples and BY MARIE IF tin* provinces ami environing shores are honeycombed by American emi- gration, Naples—warm, golden, pas- sionate. wonderful—her fair brows set lo	tho sea, bound by tin- sea as though by a turquoise band, is as brimming with folk as a cup is full of wine—as deep with sound ami murmurs as a hive. The city is in the grip of life: not as tho West understands living, but in the Ori- ental sense of the term. The place pays the price of its charm and is both loved and hated. As for the Neapolitans, they snap their fingers at all Italy. The tortuous, redolent, foul old town is content with itself, and its divinity, the sea. The people's gods, their loves and fears, their delights and super- stitions, are happily and noisily contained in this southern metropolis, circled by azure waves, hound again by shores of pearl, the bay studded by islands that lie like blue roses on a lapis-lazuli table. Thus the eyes of the Neapolitans are feasted with beauty. MV of Napoli" they shrug, and cut off all Italy with a sweep, and are still like a kingdom of their own and tem- peramentally isolated. In revenge the north hates Naples heartily. “ Earth- quakes!” the Romans exclaim; “but of course! and eruptions of Vesuvius of coiir*r—what do you expect t Naples is a very wicked city. It is the scum of tlie kingdom. It will be with them as it was in Sicily, and small loss.’’ Opposite Naples lie the entombed cities Copyright, igio, by Harper Be the Lotto 'AN VORST whose fate followed their vices, and Italy says she will not Ik* surprised when Naples follows the same fate. Extremely Oriental and in many ways untouched by civilization, Naples is nearly as barbarous as the East. The city basks in the ardor of tho sun. and with the lungs of its alleys and streets breathes deeply the ineffable air of the bay, and. if close to its destruction by fire or wave or volcano, the Sea Nymph has counted already many sunny days and star-bathed nights in her tempestuous history. Old Parthenope tempted the (ireek. Osean, Roman, Goth, Byzantine, Norman, German, French, and Spaniard. Rut her beauty appears to have proved fatal to tho making of history and to have weakened her conquerors, for iu literature, art, or war Naples has done nothing tremendous. Like a woman con- tent to be perfectly lovely, the seaport has simply existed. Surrounded by leg- end and by greatness, she, herself her only excuse for being, has gon? down into proverb nevertheless. “ See Naples and die.” Of Grecian origin, cut in upon, scarred over, by the vandalism of the twentieth century, tho old charm re- mains, and the peninsula is as jealous of her as in the early times, when Parthenope-Ouma' fetched tho Emperor and his suite from Romo to these blue coasts. Villa, garden, park, nnd terrace drew lovely lines along thes<- ihores from Naples to the islands. The galleys of Nero and the barges of Lucullus rocked Brother*. All rtghtt rnrrvrd HATII’EK’H MONTHLY MAGAZINE. on these bays, surrounded by naked youths. and maidens in tlie form of mer- maids; and tlie feasts made detestable to history embittered the region with fan- tastic orgies. I.aurel-browed Virgil came here to sing; emperors lived and died here; Nero murdered his mother at Main;; and of Rome and Greece nothin*' blit the hrown earth ruins remain. Formed by irregularities and up- heavals of the earth’s unrest created by the fires of the centre, yellow soil, soft rock, and lava compose these cypress- grown tufa hills. The coast is an emana- tion of the most violent phenomena, and these characteristics of the soil—ardor, tire, passion, and, one might say. unrest— mark the people of the populous seaport. Naples should be approached from the sea. There the brown Castello Nuovo rises, washed by the constant waves. Along the Vesuvian shore, like the sparse petals of a rose, shaped against the mountainside, are the scattered houses of stucco. Cries of the port—the singing of a liquid voice—welcome the traveller, and far away swim Ischia and Capri in the in- imitable blue. Vessels of all kinds from all countries—torpedo-boats, transatlantic liners, East India merchantmen—manned by tarpaulin, fez, and bluejackets, sail in and away to the ringing of the harbor bells and the sound of the mm from the fort on the Hock. . . . This is Naples from the sea. Naples of bar and harbor, the Mecca of tourist and sailor. Over the bar there is a speck to be seen, a hulk, a mast, a funnel, a flag, as the ships come in from that America which has cast its si>ell even over this happy port. And yet nothing could l>e more indifferent in attitude to the sea. as a port of departure, than those great streets along the quays; when not bus- tling and alive in the cooler parts of the day. they are bewitched by the genii of sleep. In the shadows of the walls, al- most down to the very ships themselves, the Neapolitans take their siestas curled up in Oriental fashion, and the quarters and streets of Santa Lucia are just as full of Uggars and out-of-door livers, as emotional, as droll, as complete, amus- ing, terrible, and beautiful, as Santa Lucia when public opinion considered it a lazar-housc of disease and modem hy- giene swept its broom through it. Along the docks and tlie streets to the piers are piled the cargoes for the incoming and outgoing ships, and straight up from the port climbs Naples and raises its line of stucco houses marking the first wide avenue. These buildings an- pink and violet and blue, snow white and chrome yellow, brave with balconies at every window—balconies on which the Nea- politans drape themselves, display them- selves from dawn to dawn again. The balconies are also draped with the ilrying linen of the populace, as if for some national festival; garments of every type and color, rags, miles upon miles of them, dry in the breeze, flutter in the ardent sun. dried by the warmth and the pene- trating sea air; and now and again comes this odor of drying linen to mingle with the medley of smells. There are pungent, aerid whiffs from food unknown to Western palates; tliere is the insinua- ting odor of the in- cense from the churches, of burning wax and wick of funeral candle; the odor of tlie poor themselves, and of garlic and onions sweet and clean in comparison. There Tim Cart of a Nkapoiitan Dandy HIGHWAYS OH StoNE STAIRCASRS RKACMINU TO IIILLV INCLINES are the odors of tomatoes, macaroni, and potatoes frying in grease in the open; of soups and broths; of old leather dyed outdoors; of raw hides tanned in tho streets: tlie gamut of odors blends and mingles into something unique and original in the category of smells—the whole swept through and vivified by the breath of the sea. Redolent this atmos- phere and strong it" you like, but to the lover of Italy not unpleasant; and wlien in some plaee—let us say. like Pittsburg — an unexpected whiff brings remembrance, there is a pull at the heart-strings of each traveller upon whom the charm of the sea-browed Ounuv has fallen. The people live out-of-doors along the |x>rt streets, carrying on their occupa- tions, selling, buying, idling, fighting, kissing, weeping, and even dying in the open. From the holes in the wall, gloomy eaves wliere they sleep, the Neapolitans swarm at dawn, and in startling shame- lessness or in charming innocence, which- ever you like, the paraphernalia of life arc1 exposed to the public eye. Complete loilets arc made -il fn'iro. Why not? It is more agreeable. Fnconceniedly front- ing the tram line and tlie little country stage line, his face to the traffic of the streets, a man sits serenely 011 a <-hair. a towel under his chin, while a barber shaves him. Quite as serenely, seated on tlie edge of the gutter, the mother of 492 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. a family, whose members swarm half naked around her, gives herself into the hands of an amiable neighbor engaged in extracting vermin from her friend's head. In order to lose no time, the prudent mother clutches one of her curly-beaded offspring and begins tin- same absorbing task. This bit is truly Neapolitan. Farther on, a beauty in a plum-colored petticoat, short to her ankles, red stock- ings, heelless slippers, stunds bare-armed, her shoulders covered by a little red shawl, while the hairdresser of the quar- ter builds the dark hair up in a fashion peculiarly dear to the Neapolitan girl. When it is properly dressed and oiled, a rose is thrust in the dark coils. Tho sidewalks are lined by the wares of the street merchants, piles of nuts and fruits, crouched over by the dark, eager sales- man. whose cries are sharp on the air. All this faces the sea where ships wait to take the folk, if they will go, where their brothers have gone; but the majority are people of the soil, beautiful and as indifferent to everything but Naples as though Columbus from a neighboring port had never discovered America. From the sailor-boy who comes rolling into his native harbor under stars big as fruits, who comes home to this city lying like a lily on the shore—home to the tune of bells from the towers and salutes from the fort—up to the prince in the palace on the tufa bills, every- body plays tlie Lotto from week end to week end, until Sabato (Saturday), on which <lay the drawing takes place. Saturday is the day of interest on the calendar, and the other six run around it. It is a day of intense excitement, lived for. prayed for, blessed and cursed. The Lotto is popular in Italy, but Naples is its mother, it* heart, soul, and home. Here in Naples is the spirit of the Black Hand, the core of the Camorra, and here, bigger than any church, more pow- erful than any authority, is the Lotto— fiitioco Popolare, as it is called—and this expresses the game under which the peo- ple are condemned to a ban of eternal poverty and eternal hope; curious com- panions. in good truth. Fronting the bay tho Riviera di Chiaia extends its broad avenue, flanked by the sea-wall, the spray of the ocean dashing up bright and salt on the air. There is a cluster of streets indicating the Parco Nazionale, and back of this stretches the line of imposing eighteenth- century' houses. This is the elegant quar- ter of Naples: more rechcrchS in the time of Lady Hamilton and Nelson than now. The facades of these adorable houses are pink and yellow; there are green iron balconies; there are pale-green shuttered windows. The Riviera di Chiaia is still the fashionable promenade of an afternoon, and Naples’s modish ex- istence defiles and rolls and clatters ami dashes past along the avenue between the old city and the sea. And from the high- way crawl the narrow cobbled streets, wind and twist the narrow alleys to old Naples. There are Banchi di Lotto along the Riviera, and the dandy whose miniature cart drawn by a miniature donkey waits at the curb jostles the barber and the hotel porter at the ticket-seller’s window; for these are the types of the purchasers down here in more worldly Naples. Sheer up from the blue, the gateway of the sea at one end, the big square of the Via Toledo at the other, runs a prin- cipal artery of the city, the Via di Chiaia, so narrow that when two tiny carriages find themselves abreast they are embarrassed. The street is built up so high that the balconied houses appear to form an apex over it. This thorough- fare is never liberated from its throng, and the tangle of human network winds and unwinds and forms again — all Naples, every' profession, character, and type jostle, throng, and exist hen; in the Via di Chiaia. The big shops line it on either side, busy with traffic of coral and shell, and the middle of the street is ns good to the pedestrian as the ribbon- like sidewalk; and the dashing cabs, swung high on impossible springs, drawn by the gayl.v harnessed, valiant stallions, tear like mad. when they can move at all. through hilly streets, their progress obstructed by beggars and foot passengers, by flower merchants whose arms are full of violets, camellias, and roses. Little horse tram-cars not meant for rails blunder over the cobbles. laden down with a gay load of passengers, beautiful pri- vate carriages drawn by horses of Moor- ish strain, and the procession forms, un- der the bluest of skies, tlie most brilliant of pictures of street life imaginable. A Neapolitan Fishgrmbn medieval gateway cuts across the* middle of the street, forming1 an arch under which tlie bright procession passes, and every now and then on either side the famous stairways of Naples climb into the hilly city. From the Via <li Chiaia ran the famous gradini of Naples, highways of steep stone staircases, reaching to hilly in- clines, forming picturesque passages crowded with life, flanked by narrow- windowed high houses, and literally ablaze with camellias, roses, violets, lielio- trope. These passages pour into the boulevard their oceans of color and light. Tlie streets themselves are so highly built that they affect to meet above in the sunlight, whose brilliance comes flickering down, its way broken and scat- tered by flags of drying clothes fluttering in the misty light. The Chinese quarter in old San Francisco, the precincts of Peking, have something in common with this crowding of Naples. Here in these obscurer alleys the Black Hand is fos- tered. and every now and then a fever stalks here and cleans out a few of the herded citizens, and there is always the mad fever of the Lotto to eat the in- habitants like a live creature whose pur- suit is fascination and whom nobody wishes to escape. Over the turmoil hangs a sky of supernal azure, and now ami again at the end of the street one catches sight of the sea, framed by the houses, and now and again through tlie close atmosphere comes the breath of the sea, blowing divinely, in purification, an ap- peal from the cleansing force that washes around these shores. At the end of the Via Chiaia, on the fine old Piazza, is the big golden-brown, reddish palace with its green blinds, and its terraces fronting the sea. Its appear- ance is regal, and its most vivid and in- teresting life was in the eighteenth cen- tury during tlie Bourbon reign, when the strong-minded Queen Caroline left an un- questionable influence over Naples, and when in her villa at Posilipo Lady Ham- ilton danced her ravishing dances and from her window waved lier white hand to Nelson. There are many treasures in the Casa Reale, and, one after another, festival and ball and banquet rooms stretch their lino —their windows seaward, giving on orange-grown terraces—and here in the gallery there is a picture, too, of the bewildering Emma, the adorable Lady HARPER'S MONTHLY MAOAZI.VK. Hamilton. Slip danccd many n ball lu re with Nelson, hfre proudly watched her hero receive the homage of tho eourt. Here Lody Hamilton herself was a queen, surrounded by her admirers, the great men of the time. Here, dn-ssed in Iht “clear white gown.” a simple blue rib- bon falling to her feet, her fleecy scurf around her shoulders, slu- leaned on tho arm of Nelson. We see her pa*s under these crystal chandeliers, ablaze with candlelight. We see her leave the ball- room through n long window to the ter- race, where the outlook under the bril- liant moonshine is 011 Nelson’s kingdom, tin* sea. Vesuvius was at its most vio- lent period. The great sides streamed with lava. “ that in the night." Lady A Vegeta hi. i: Stall Hamilton says, “glowed so fiercely that it put me out of charity with the moon." Standing by her. Nelson could see the lights on his ships as they rocked at anchor, and could see in the reddened moonshine tlie figure of the woman Rouuiey has passed for us down into his- tory. Calling to Nelson from across those magic and moonlit waves was the voice of Trafalgar, but in Naples the voice of Enuna, Lady Hamilton, drowned every other in tl»e world. The treasures of Naples, from the archaeological point of view, are those of old cloisters, churches, the facades of old palaces, lifting dark walls, massive stone frontals, heavily ironed windows, out from the noise ami clamor of the streets. On the outjutting stones, worn to a polish like glass, 011 the lower ledge of one of these palaces, an enterprising mer- chant has arranged his wares for sale— old books, old pam- phlets. The stones are white as marble from the touch and contact of the people for centuries—worn bright, as the Vir- gin’s foot from the kisses of the faithful. Conspicuous among tho bookseller's wares are the booklets treating of the Lotto, books of dreams, of tokens and of signs, of superstitions, in- dications, and com- binations. Every in- cident in daily life, from tho first waking in the morning to the last dream at night, has a lucky meaning to the Nea- l»olitan, who exists simply to work out these symbols of sleep, of life, to catch on the wing elusive NAPLES AND TIIE LOTTO. fate. From the hair of your head to the sole of your foot, if you did hut know it, you are a mass of lucky numbers. Maddelena is a fruit- seller on one of the sky- reaching staircases. She is as beautiful as she is poor. Pretty Maddelena chances to comb out a bit too much of her dark locks Friday morning, and she is ecstatic over the event. She instant- ly consults her dream- book and writes down number “50” (myste- rious number for the hair). “Bene!” So far so good. On the way to her position, high on the gradini. with her flower- hasket full of violets on her head, she sees a dead donkey lying in the Via di Chiaia. Ah, Mad- delena, the saints are with you to-day! A dead donkey is the pearl of good fortune. She jots down number “ 44.” The day which has begun so well will end well, for Maddelena is a good eirl, and would support her family if she did not need every soldo for the Lotto! On her way home the very best luck of all transpires. She comes upon two young chaps of the quarter engaged in a Neapolitan quarrel. Before Maddelena’s eyes one man is stabbed, and the girl, excited and grate- ful, notes her third number—“72.” Mad- delena is transported with joy. The Banco di Lotto is open still (thank God!). There are crowds about the door; but the radiant Maddelena pushes in and. eager to share her good fortune, tells every one that nttmeri “ r,0 “ 44 “ 72 ” will surely win the iorno. “ Qui lo sa?” On the way home Maddelena stops in the dear old church of San Gregorio. Mad- delena is a Neapolitan, otherwise she would probably not have known Sun Gregorio; for, though the most beautiful and the rarest church in Naples, it is The Banco di Lotto not mentioned in either guide-books or books on travel! Maddelena buys a can- dle from a beggar at the door, carries it reverently in, and burns it before the Virgin’s shrine, praying for success at the Lotto. You may be sure that Mad- delena will be present at tho drawing in the Piazza di Santa Chiaia. San Gregorio has seen many Maddelenas register vows for the Lotto. Nothing has disturbed the peace of this old place, sur- rounded by the noisy cries of the crowd, by the jostling of hand-carts, donkey* carts, lieggars, ami merchants. The church is a jewel, but like a mine of gold there arc no di met ions to find it. It. is very suggestive of a mine of gold indeed, covered as its walls are with leaf and gems and rare old pictures overgrown with the moss of hundreds of years, the brilliant work still shining through . . . HARPER'S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. old mis and blues and mellow colors, too obscure and delicate to have been seized upon by the collectors for mu- seums. Without, a pink tower belong* ing to one of the small houses rises close against the brown stone of the church. In a wall, hollowed out like a cave, is a carpenter shop about four feet square, full of young fellows with tlieir tools, apprentices learning their trade, crowded in like so many peaches in a basket. They are red-cheeked, gay young chaps. They know where tlie sacristan is! Find them—then find the old fellow who a bit farther on. nrst to the Banco di Lotto, just without his shop (for the shop is small and the street is accommodating and friendly), carves a giant Christ from wood, and the crucified form is stood up against the house of the. pink tower. Find him—and you will then find .San Gregorio. Just a hit beyond, in another hole in the wall, without window or background save the solid wall itself, where the only air and light come in by tlie doorway, sits a little family pursuing their occupa- tions in the full view of the world. The mother is mending a fishing-net; the fa- ther is consulting a volume of the Morfia, the dream-book, “ where one can find out the meaning of things.” Singular to re- late, although it is broad day, this fam- ily sits in candlelight. Between the man ami the woman the centre of the room is occupied by a long object, covered by a single white sheet, and at the four comer* of this unmistakable bed bum four candles. The face of the dead wom- an is placid and serene; every line of her lone figure is distinct under the sheet. She is exposed to tlie eyes of all the world, as she lies there waiting for the carriers to liear her into the noisy street that cries about her doors. Iler going otit of life on the noon of Friday is to l<e registered by a numlier of the Lotto—a SO.” Poor Elena ! The shop next hangs out its cheeses, great round white globes, sewn up in bladders; heads and entrails of animals, the offal too mean to feed any but the very poor. Tlie choese-vender is a round- faced Neapolitan. Do you play the Lotto? He shrugged. “But why not? Who can know? It may be that luck will change. For my part I should know better how to take fortune than did Gaetano, the shoemaker!” lie points across the street, where, over a hole in the wall above the green door, hangs an old faded sign—“Gaetano Fallieri. Shoe- maker.” “ Gaetano was horribly poor. He never had any luck. lie worked hard enough for it, Heaven knows. Every penny he could get he would spend for lottery tickets!” The cheese-vendcr grows tragic and his voice falls. “ Ecco! One Saturday we all of us went to the draw- ing of the Lotto, Gaetano as well, when per Dio the numbers come out—(I re- member them as yesterday)—!><), <50, and 10. And Gaetano the shoemaker had won the terno, sixty thousand dollars. I shall never forget it. He struck his head, laughed out like a girl in love, and went away mad. There was no one to inherit, lie had 110 relatives, and he died this week in the asylum. Wasn’t he stupid? Sixty thousand dollars/” The cheese- inaker lifts his eyes devoutly, as if over the roofs from the blue, blue sky, and down past the pink tower, a shower of gold might come to him. “ Let it come my way once,” he mutters. “ I will know how to keep my head.” High above, caught in by the stews, San Gregorio lifts its cross. Opposite is the. Banco di Lotto, where all the numbers are displayed to the public, numbers that will lie sure to win, and the wood- carver, bending over his Christ, changes the position of the statue and leans it against the doors of the closed shop of Ctaetano Fallieri. Up above the town—Posilipo-wards, let us say — is the quaint restaurant of Pro mess i Sposi (The Promised Lovers) —a glass pavilion for out-of-door eating and much in repute with the people of the. country: happily neither strangers nor tourists know it. Here one best sees Naples and the environs. Away to the right spreads the vast plain of the Ital- ian Campagna. strewn with tiny little fruit trees in bloom and dotted by the ugly houses of the Gamorra settlements. Many white roads lead down to the sea from here, where Black Hand fugitives can take ship under cover of tlie night. Off there slow vessels come in from (•banned ports, peacefully, like white birds, taking advantage of the quiet sea The Streets are choked with Markets to make the harbor. There is always the ineffable beauty of tho shore lines, stretching away from Pompeii past Sor- rento and Amalfi down to Psestum and toward the unfortunate south. To the right the beautiful islands of Ischia and Capri lift their forms in the blue. Within the restaurant of the “ Promised Lover* ” the walls are white and gleam- ing, tin- little buffet offers raw artichokes for food, and a big dish piled high with Kgs and mandarins: bottles of golden and red wine in wicker Ilasks. The hmehers devote themselves to their peculiar food, VOL CXXI -No Tit B» above all to that dish picturesquely called the "fruit of the sea” (frutta della mare), which a sad-eyed waiter fetches heaped high upon a plate. It is well not to look too closely at this fruit of the sea! The Neapolitan gentleman so served, however, looks admiringly at it and pitches in. Oysters, well and good! these are devoured. Clams, mussels, eaten frantically and with much delight from the shells, unseasoned except for their native salt. Little live crabs (ye gods!), torn alive from the shells. Arc these Neapolitans of the twentieth century? 498 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. When from a long tube-like shell a species of young eel is exuded, much as one would force out a fillet of cold cream, and devoured alive, the unsophis- ticated Westerner begs off. . . . And at the sight a Roman, to whom the Nea- politans are barbarians, shrugs his shoul- ders and exclaims: “ What will you? The Neapolitans are beasts.” And this is tho custom of the country. Through the gay crowd a dreary waiter, pitiful in his ill-fitting clothes, responds to the calls of “ Clnanti,” “ Cnpri.” and fruit of the sea. There is the usual little orchestra, a man with a good voice, who sings Simla Lucia so well indeed that the dreary waiter himself breaks into an appreciative chorus. Ho then approaches the tenor, and between songs the two consult certain flimsy scraps of paper from their respective pockets—nothing less than the biglietti di lotto—lottery tickets. Oh, tlie Lotto even in the high little nest swung out over the city, brings its fascination! “ Have you ever been fortunate?” one asks the slipshod waiter, whose heels are sore, whose feet are sore, and who can with comfort neither walk nor stand. “ Ah,” be shrugs. “ not yet, but next Saturday it will surely come.” Fatuous and .vet inspired hope! Every cent of bis wage, every cent of his fees, everything he can hope to gain or make goes to buy the flimsy yellow ticket for the Lotto . . . the T.otto, day dream, night dream of the people: the Aladdin’s Lamp hanging above the town ami which every hand is stretched up to nib; the lie of the government: the lie each man tries to make true, “riumeri fortunati!” Im- pressionable. ardent. Itcauty-loving peo- ple. in whom the gaming temperament is strong ... in a city under the very ban of destruction, to be some day, they all believe, wiped out by The Mountain, beautiful giant, whose silence is ominous; eaters of strange foods, livers in the open; the poetry of the ports at their doors, the excitement of constant arrivals and departures, they play with fate as they breathe . . . they are under the charm of their beautiful city, under the seduction of the sun and the air, under the hope and stimulus of tlml sea-breeze whose very touch is inspiration. Their weddings are like fetes, their funerals like festivals, and all live for tho chance of gain at the moment, in though fate were at their heels and they must take the hour as they may. Death in most countries wears a sol- emn face, but in Naples it. is like some festival from the Middle Ages. The hearses are of gold and curiously wrought with nodding plumes. Before the funeral chariot the procession is of the most brilliant acolytes in white robes, with huge candles, and troops of eager, inter- ested people swell the procession; but more singular than all are the mummers, the hired mourners, dressed either in snow-white robes from head to foot, hooded dresses from which their eyes peer forth, or all in crimson, gazing out through their masks. The candles flare and smoke upon the air, the horses are trapped in scarlet or white harness, and in and out the narrow street at the foot of the stairway, with their flowers, to the gray damp church of St. Francis the procession files through the town. At one sharp comer there is a block, and the file pauses. The majordomo, driving the hearse, on his high box in his gor- geous livery, looks up, for it is Saturday, and bis hearse has stopped just in front of a Banco di Lotto. Mechanically, as if from habit, the driver touches his breast, where in bis wallet are his lottery tickets. Oh, if to-day he were only “ for- tunate”! Perhaps. Who knows? And the obstruction removed, he gathers up his reins and drives his burden on, and the dead man, no doubt, for the first time is not interested in the winning number. Jutting out on the point, the sea- dogs lapping around the stones, the Gas- tello dell’ Oro lifts a brown bastion rock- like on its inky reef. It has all the fascina- tion of hoary age. and contains Naples’s ancient mysteries. Here old conquerors before the Middle Ages held high car- nival. and there were dreadful doings in those dungeons below the sea. Modern barracks crowd up against the Castel. but nothing except the sea shocks its rest. Like a great falcon, its brows to the ocean, the Gastello dell' Oro broods on it' brown rock. Back from the Santa Lucia quarters, all around the Porta Capuana, is herded NAPLES AND THE LOTTO. !!>!» the lowest, tin* poorest part of tlie city. At the sight of the beautiful old gate- way of tin- Porta Capuatia. its stones tuid carving black and deep-lined with years, crowd and herd the merchants of every kind of .trade. Here i* the cele- brated fish-market, where the “ fruit of the sea ” is displayed ou tables and licnches. on the ground, and the display is very great of flounders, lily-like carp, coral-like carp, coral-like slender fish and azure-blue fish. But the eels and the octojii are the most appreciated food of the Neapolitan! The devil and jelly fish are sold in squares, and the agitated feelers of the octopus and squirming parts of the eels, ciif hip hul still alive, make a curious picture. Over all is the odor of the ftillura—fried bits of fish which a street cook offers to the epicure from his brilliantly polished brazier of bril- liant grease. The Porta Capuana is a living hive of crying, callimr. noisy Italy, engrossed in every sort of small trade awl nourished by every kind of food. IIides arc tanned before the very holes in the wall, dread- ful damp caves even in the brightest day of sun—horrible to contemplate. Vege- tables are cried and sold there, the dang is loud of steel in the shops of the iron- workers, where bits of red ami rusty metal are piled out into the street. There are brown, red. and green and yellow and pink leathers in process of dyeing, for slippers worn by the belles of Naples. There are slippers being made in the streets fresh from the newly dyed hides. This quarter closely touches the sea. ami now and then over the hot. thick stench comes the pure salt breath. There is bamboo-picking here, mending of nets, fortune-telling, the passing <>f beautiful women, their heads decorated by flowers and ribbons, bright shawls across their shoulders. Not one of these slatterns but has a lottery ticket in her blouse. There are the street games which baffle the com- prehension of any one other than an Ital- ian. No sooner do the street boys meet than they begin, “ 1. 2. 3 ”—“ uno, due. t.re ”— mid no one but an Italian bom can grasp at the turning, twisting, and folding up of the fingers and their signification. Now through this commotion drives an antiquated diligence from the country, crowded with peasants, with fresh young fellows socking work in the ports pretty girls seeking adventure. The driver—a superannuated Italian—puts his hand on the passenger who lias kept him company for tho last five hours. “ Look.” he indicates, •* there is the Banco di Lotto! Eceo!” And the young man’s brown eyes find the sign over one of the holes in the wall wliere the tickets are sold for thi* “inspiration” (let us <'iill iO of the |K>or. *• Why. the Lotto is an excellent thing for the people,” mi intelligent Roman told me. Those people arc so miserably poor, what would you! For six days in the week they dream; when Saturday comes then they are deceived! They only hare one day of despair and six days of hope. Not many jieople can say that. As soon as the Lotto is drawn at five oil Saturday, they nil begin to hope again. Kcoo! It is a real inspiration.” This Roman, a man of family and dis- tinction, played the Lotto himself faith- fully. and he surely should know its power of uplift. In the midst of the filth of Porta Capuana arises the chtirch of Santa Maria del Carmine. A little square is its outlook; tumbledown, filthy old houses are its surroundings. Before its doors the amazingly simple little passengers on the country diligence arrive ami depart. In front of the church is the ceaseless defile of the people of the quarter; and on every side one looks at the vistas and isles of crowded steaming streets hung with the banner of the wash, multicolored with the drying, fluttering clothes. Crime and birth and death, desire and life and tho takimr of it. all go on here in a vio- lent. ardent fashion, and above the tu- mult. just a little apart from it. Santa Maria del Carmine mothers it all. The slippered feet. pattering along the streets, turn in here to confession. The sailors blow in from a hundred different port* fresh from the sea. eager to find a priest. On this day, covered by the most filthy racs, a girl of about eighteen years of age crouched on tlie stones. Indifferent alike to the compatriot and to the stran- ger. she sings in a crooning voice. Her head is wrapped in an old scarf. Once comfortably settled in her corner, she spreads her treasures out. upon her knees. Untying an old handkerchief in which HARPERS MONTHLY MAGAZINE. Each has a Lottery Ticket in her Blouse her jewels are kept, she finds a bit of tinselled rac and a string of blue beads ami a lottery ticket. She kisses her treas- ures one by one, crooning over them un- der the shade of Mao- of the Carmine. As the chimes of five o’clock ring out, a crowd of sailors roll in to find the confessor, a crowd of women in strident voices fight over some bagatelle on the square. It is Saturday and just five o'clock. At this moment is the drawing of the Lotto, but the foolish-minded girl kisses her treasures and does not mark the hour. The drawing of the Lotto has at last become indifferent to her. Luna- tics. therefore, and the dead are immune. The Santa Maria del Carmine is very ancient. It dates back to the eleventh century. It is charming, plain and old and quiet and sombre. About, it is the charm of those churches sought and loved by the poor. Great miracles have been wrought at. these shrines. There is a Virgin there painted by St. Luke and cel- ebrated for h e r healing powers. There is also the Christ on II i s cross—the miracle cross—to whom t be people lift their poor bleeding hands. This Christ hung here during the siege of the ttrince of Aragon, and just as the cannon-ball sped throng h t. h e church. making the head of the crucified Saviour its mark, they say that the meek head bent forward upon tho breast, and. short of the mark, the cannon- ball dropped at the holy altar. Rich with legend and colored pic- tures. Santa Maria del Carmine has its peculiar beauty. Here bending in candlelight the women pray to win at the Lotto, and there is no way of telling what the Christ or the Vir- gin of St. Luke thinks of these prayers. King Humbert the First made the rules for the public lottery of Italy. 1.	The public lottery is temporarily maintained by the favor of tlie state under the following laws. 2.	It is administered by the Minister of Finance, under whom the chiefs are chosen for their respective functions. 3.	The Lotto is formed fay ninety, num- bered from 1 to flO inclusive, five of which drawn by chance determine the successful. 4.	One can “play the Lotto” in the following manner: On one number (very rarely played). On all five numbers (very rarely played). On two numbers—the “ amlio.” NAPLES ANI) THE LOTTO. 501 On three numbers—which is known as the “ terno.” On four numbers—which is known as the “ quaterno.” 5.	When one number is played, the winner is paid ten times and a half his output; when two numbers are played, the winner is paid 350 times his output; when three numbers are played, the win- ner is paid 5,250 times his output; when four numbers are played, the winner is paid 60,000 times his output. Therefore, if one has by any chance bought a num- ber 1 ticket and wins the four numbers (quaterno). ho wins $60,000. At five o'clock on every Saturday after- noon throughout all Italy the drawing of the Lotto takes place. In Naples the ceremony is held at the end of a foul, filthy alley known as the “ Impresa,” back in a great courtyard in full view of the people on the balcony of an ol<l palace. From early in the after- noon until the fatal hour the streets of Santa Chiara and the alley fill up with 11) e crowd whose hope on this day is to be deceived. The streets are always so full of life that for this extra crowd, jostling, pushing, a n (1 eager, then? would seem to be no place. It is com- prised of the very poor. The better classes watch f» r the telephone or the showing of the numbers in the va- rious banks in the city to discover their fate, but in the Impresa the crowd of people is as dense as a shad- ow. Over it all. however, then- is the odor of tonin- toes, onions, garlic. and other wares sold in the little shops along the side, and the eager, compressed mass seethes and sways, talk- ing, crying, explaining, telling of their systems and their fortunate combinations as their eyes are fixed on the balcony of the palace whose green blinds are not yet drawn. There are many here who have played their last cent for a tieket. . . . There are many here who are in debt for the shoes they wear and will never be able to pay for them. But at the stroke ot the church clock the blinds of the bal- cony open and the paraphernalia of tha Lotto are brought out. A long green table, on which is placed a crystal ball bound with silver, and an iron box containing ninety other little boxes, iu which the ninety numbers are locked by the state. " Uno, Due. me" 502 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. Tlie officers of this performance are coolly indifferent, and the only figure deserving of note is that of the little orphan child, dressed in snowy white, chosen by law from the orphan asylum to draw up from the crystal ball the five magic- numbers. At the sight of these familiar, lookcd- for objects the crowd begin to cry and chant, to beseech and evoke. They beg the little orphan child to draw well. They bless him: they call him “little Jesus” and “little saint.” And the child in his white rolie, his innocent eyes on the mass of people, looks down on the lieggars with their yellow looks and on the appealing mass. One by one the balls are taken out from their sealed boxes, displayed to the people, and dropped into the big bowl. When they have all been shaken about and number 00 has fallen in. the enthu- siasm breaks forth and the popular sig- nification of the different numbers is cried out. Number 71 means the sea; 82 the passion of Christ. These are for- tunate numbers. A silence falls on the crowd when the numbers are all within, and the officers turn the big bowl around and around until the white globes with their numbers donee like the mad dance of fate. The orphan child is blindfolded and led up to the great bowl. The cries are so impetuous now that some one says: “Hush! You will frighten the little angel. Let him decide our fortunes in peace.” There is not a filthy beggar in the com- pany but expects that he will be a rich man when the child draws the numbers. Some of them have paid five francs for their tickets, though the majority cost but a few pence. There are shoemakers in tbit: crowd, second Gaetanos, who will go mad if they draw the big prize. There is the gardener from the Bertolini Palace, who is hated by the people. This fellow was fortunate last week. lie saw a stab- bing and a fire, and his child died, and he played the numbers 24. :tO. and 70. and won $5,000. lie is wondered at by the people and hated as well for his success. Already since the last drawing he has paid out. $300 for Lotto tickets. 11 is gains will soon go back to the government. Crouched against the wall of the op- posite bouse is a dishevelled woman with a cage under her arm. She is one of the white-rat sellers down at the Santa Chiara, and she cannot leave her mer- chandise behind her even for the drawing of the Lotto. She murmurs that she has mortgaged her little animals to buy her last Lotto ticket. Her eyes are as red as the rats’ eyes. “ Qui lo sa?” she whis- pered. “ I mny win; then I will go and live in the country with my people.” They have blindfolded the little bam- bino and lie stands on a chair, for lie is only eight years of age and is small, in full sight of the people. Tlie balls hav- ing been shaken around for the last time, the child puts bis hand in and draws. The first number that he pulls out is called forth—“ number 5.” Now every Italian who has bought number 5 for place has either won or lost. No one holds this number in this crowd, how- ever. and there is a murmur and a fresh adjuration for the child to draw well. The people who have drawn for the terno and the quaterno still have their eliance. The child draws again. This time num- ber 47, ami the holders of the terno are now the interested ones, for the next will lie their last chance. The enthu- siasm breaks forth again with murmurs and cries and prayers, and the quiet child before the urn in his white dress hears them and trembles, for he knows that he is menaced. Before the people there is a blackboard, and a man posts up the numbers as they are drawn: 5, 47, 11, 10,	and 80. And this series of five is discussed, yelled at. challenged, cursed, for not one in the crowd has drawn a fortunate number. The child's eyes are unbound and he is put down and set free. The balls are returned into their boxes, scaled up, and carried away under the eyes of the crowd, which, after waiting for a moment, unable to believe its ill fortune, breaks up and disrupts. Apathy is thrown upon the majority as much as such a state of mind is possible to a Neapolitan mass, as they begin in groups to discuss the failure of their schemes and their combinations. Glancing at the numbers on the board, which nrc now telephoned and telegraphed throughout all Italy, the face of the gardener of the Bertolini Palace is a study. He stands close to the wall next to the woman with her white rats. “If I had only listened to my wife.” he mur- murs ; “ she told me to play the child’s NAPLES AND THE LOTTO. 503' birth, which was tho 5th of May, and not the Neapolitan is a child of fortune, her death.” Showing hi* tickets, ho goes a being of chance, a believer in ultimate on to say: “Think! If I had played the good fortune, and this Saturday ceases Mb of May. I should have won again, !•> exist, and their eyes and their hopes for see / hold llir oilier numbers."	are turned toward next Saturday. " Qui The woman with the white rats bends lo sa ?” her head down and kisses the little ani- mals through the bars. It is a kiss of farewell, for she will have to give them up to the woman who lent her the money down by the Santa Maria del Carmine to buy her ticket. A fruit - dealer, driving his ass, calls out to make room for him as he pushes through the narrow street. There are lots of carts behind this, laden with wine, drawn by donkeys— donkeys in red har- ness, in bells. Little goats with heavy- hanging udders wait- ing to be milked in the streets. There is a whole hardware shop on wheels drawn by a Spanish mule driven by a vocifer- ous boy in tatters. The street returns to its warfare! with trade, its occupa- tions, and From the houses the NuR Santa Maria dei Carmi.nb its life, crowded householders let down lit- tle baskets on strings to the trades- men. who fill them with fruit or bread, and milk drawn from the waiting goat-s, who are milked direct into the pails. Tradesmen and l>eggars. merchantmen end apprentices, drive away from the Impresa and its court, where hope has been deceived and where the government is again victorious. From the woman with her white rats, all through the crowd, down to the gardener who has lost by one number, there is not one gambler there not absorbed in thinking of the game, for Up here on the tufa hills, in tlie ilex and cypress gardens of the park of the Villa Floridiana. under the trees where the Bourbons held their feasts, where close by the lions and tigers of the Prince roared in their cages, up here in these cypress gardens, Naples, looked down upon, is like a picture from a medieval story, and. with the memory of its rustle and clamor in one’s ears, is like a dream of battle or a wild festival from which escape is welcome, and the falling evening does well to find the trav- eller upon this height. Below, tho circle of lights curves out around Posilipo. Thb Plumes of Vesuvius hang low when* in the eighteenth century Lord Hamilion’s villa curried its orange and inn ti< 1 it rin terraces down to the sea. There Emma struck her classic attitudes and danced her tarantella. Hero in her room, described by (ioethc, site sat in her moments of reverie, her slender, graceful figure a beautiful outline against her casement and the farther blue . . . below licr this stn tch of peerless water with the ships at anchor ami Capri in the dis- tance. In the palace the Prince dreamed of Lady Hamilton, while she dreamed of Nelson, and passed through Naples at this period tin- most brilliant star of all. Thus, as the glimmer from the eighteenth century fades liko a light ex- tinguished, other lights one by one shine forth in house and home, and the color of Naples the color of the water and the distant shores, fade into night. Vesu- vius, pink and ethereal, kee|*s his secrets hid in his mysterious breast; his plumes are low, and over the giant crest rides the full moon, easting a path of blood-red glory on the sea. as though reflecting the mountain’s old vivid scars. Down in the silent port the ships like herded (locks aw gathered in. and there is the tinkling of I jells from the harbor; there is the tinkling of hells out from the hilly streets as the goats are driven home; there is the sound of church l>ells from green- towered domes, from yellow domes with golden crowns, from velvet cupolas as black as night. The city spreads itself delicately out, ami the trail of its tap- estries—crimson ami brown, pink, green, violet, and yellow—is sewn through with tho stars of its lamps. The lanterns on boats at sea shine out, and the lung har- Ixtr anil the sea-wall have their coronal of stars. Taking advantage of the peaceful night to start on their charmed journeys to Alexandria. Palermo, Bombay, and the Occident, one by one like thieves in the night the liners put out to sea. They cut across the path of crimson moonlight and. themselves ablaze with their lights, skirt the shaded coasts of Sorrento down toward Messina Strait, ami tranquil, suf- ficient unto themselves, ardent, beauty- loving, inheriting for a time their coun- try, slaves of the great mountain, the people of Naples play, believe in the fu- ture. and are sure that one day or an- other a lucky Saturday will fall into each man’s bands. Qui lo saf The Perfect Hour BY MARY HEATON VORSE JIMSIE lay, full length, on tlie soft grass of tlie promontory that over- looked the Sound. Louise sat be- side him. Being but newly married they bad refused to go sailing, and had seen the others go off grumbling among them- selves at tlie lamentable change wrought by marriage in a jolly fellow like Jimsio Bate and in a corking girl like Louise. When Louise had announced that she didn’t feel like sailing and bad prophesied that they would get becalmed, anyway, her brother Brick had whistled rudely, No Wedding Bulls for Me, at which one of the girls snickered, and caused Jimsie, who disliked to behave as a Mr. Newly- wed before all the world, to remark in a tone that he strove to make casual: “I guess there'll be a breeze, Louise; let’s go,” thereby shifting the burden of the whole thing on his wife. But Louise replied promptly: “I don’t want to go sailing,” being, like all women, less sensitive in these matters than a man; for a man will do any number of things that he doesn’t want to do, to keep his life from reading like the comic supplement of a Sunday paper; while a woman is touchingly ready to accept ridicule if she con only have what she wants. Hero Brick remarked impishly: “Aw, come ahead, Jimsie; wo got a new spinnaker—nnd a new balloon-jib,” he added, insinuatingly, playing on •Timsie’s love for piling on oil the canvas there was. .Timsie ached to see that spinnaker and that balloon-jib. but he was under the grip of a passion greater than that of sailing a boat, powerful as that was. He didn’t want to miss one minute of Louise; and though he flushed at thus being “ caught with the goods,” under cover of lighting a cigarette he muttered that he guessed lie wouldn’t go. As he said this be felt like an awful ass, ®nd yet supremely hoppy. Vf.L CXXI -No. 721-63 During her brother’s speech Louise liad sat waiting, every nerve tense. It seemed to lier as though her whole life was being swung in the balance. If Jimsie decided to go without her, she couldn’t live through the afternoon; in- deed, she must have followed him. With a curious little tightening of her heart she realized that whatever he did she would follow him. as. for her, life and Jimsie were one and the same thing. So the young people had gone their way sailing, with the superior feeling that the heart-free have in the presence of wedded love. All tlie world may love a lover and look with indulgence upon young people so absorbed in one anotlx-r that they see nothing else, but there is something in a spectacle of too obvious devotion of young married people that is exasperating alike to those who are unmarried and to married people who have gotten over this first acute stage of complete absorption in the beloved. These latter shriiR a shoulder, at that page of love forever closed to them, and the unmarried look upon it with blank amazement and mutter. “ Another good fellow spoiled.” •Timsie knew how his friends felt. He was near enough to the old life to know exactly what sort of a figure he was cutting in their eyes, and lie was clad when their voices bad ceased to echo in his ears and he end Louise were left olone in the company of on aunt ond uncle of Louise’s, ond Louise’s father and mother. The eyes of the older men rested upon him with humor- ous tolerance, but in the eyes of Louise’s mother were tenderness and understand- ing. and al«o a certain wistfulness. as though she said mutely: “ Hold fast to these hours of deep and complete understanding. Like tho first golden hours of summer these days are short. For you, spring has passed with its white blossoms, and the roses 500 nARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. are now in bloom; but the time of the full bloom of tho roses is short. The summer’s heat withers them. So enjoy every one of these perfect ilays while you have them, that you may remem- ber them in time of drought arid in the fall, when things become green again, and through the long days of winter.” Moved by a common impulse Louise and Jimsie drifted from the piazza, into tho garden, and then without talking of taking a walk they had gone on and on until they found themselves in this field overhanging the water, borne there by their common need of getting away. It was not only tliat they wanted to be out of ear-shot of other people; they wanted to be quite by themselves where no casual relative would break in upon the magic circle around them. It was as though solitude enclosed them in some shimmering, radiant atmosphere—an at- mosphere impossible to retain in tike presence of another person. It was be- cause of this radiant understanding that Jimsie was willing to leave all the life he knew for the sake of Louise; and Louise, her own dear and familiar world for the sake of a man she had met only, 60 to speak, the day before. At first they talked but little, and watched the little fleet of pleasure-boats which dotted the Sound like a flock of white birds; then, little by little, the fountains of speech became unloosed. Jimsie told stories of his adventures, of his boyhood and youth. lie handed out to Louise these small adventures with the air of a man making startling disclosures, so sure was he that the slightest detail concerning him was of value to her. She responded by telling the stories of her own life. They had a great many such stories to tell, for they knew little about each other. This, to them, was a subject of congratulation. They felt very wise that they had been clever enough to get engaged, as Jimsie put it, “ off the bat,” instead of waiting around for years and years; for it is a note- worthy fact that whichever way people take for getting engaged, they have the same sublime conviction that their road is the only one which leads to true happiness. So Jimsie walked happily through the hours of his past, calling forth the face of a friend, an escapade, or the story of a dog, and presented them to Louise as a child brings pebbles from the shore to show its mother, sure that the things which he brings are wonderful and rare. Under this reminiscence Louise felt a little restless. She liked to hear all these things, she loved everything Jimsie had to say to her, but she liked too to talk about the present. She didn’t ever want him to go far from her, not even back into her own past; so she asked: “ What was the happiest hour of your life, Jimsie? I mean the really happiest hour of all?” And she waited to hear something concerning herself with the confidence that a child holds up its face to be kissed; but Jimsie repeated, with a little half-puzzled frown: “My very happiest hour! That’s an awfully queer thing. Louise. I’ve often thought about it. but there’s hardly any- thing to tell. Don’t yon know how little things mean so much more sometimes than big ones? I remember once when I was a kid there was a wreck on a rail- way train I was in. There was a lot of glass smashed and women screeched and a man got his leg jammed, and I was thrown down and got my head cut— right here, see,” and he pointed to a small white sear hidden by his hair. “ And all the time I was thinking, ‘ This is an adventure.’ I’d always wanted one, but this was awfully stupid and flat. We waited for hours on a siding, and it was hot and tiresome, and I didn’t get a bit excited; and yet if anybody had told me when I started out that I was going to be in a collision, I would have thought it was great. That’s the way it is—when things get exciting you are too busy to notice that they are interest- ing, or else they don’t seem to amount to anything, and some little thing will happen and you can’t forget it.” He spoke a little jerkily and hesitating- ly. for Jimsie Rate was no hand for analysis, and had the young Anglo- Saxon’s aversion to baring tlie secret places of his soul, for fear perhaps of not being understood, and also from a deep-seated modesty which makes a sound-hearted youth delicate about the personal experiences which have meant something to him, and which is like no other feeling so much as it is like the modesty' of a girl. byU .A Kirkpalruk QUITE BY THEMSELVES WHERE NO CASUAL RELATIVE WOULD BREAK IN . TIIE PERFECT 1IOUR. Jimsie paused a moment, lost in happy reverie. At his words Louise had shrunk back. So his happiest hour had nothing to do with her, it seemed. Still perhaps it might, after all. It couldn’t he that .1 imsie would have any happy hour that he would rememl>er in preference to those that they had spent together—the hours they had spent before they were married, for instance, or the recent times when they had been perfectly happy in ar- ranging their own home. Louise counted over these hours to herself with such tenderness, afraid lest tlie passing of time should blur the outline of one of them, for it had seemed to her that each succeeding day as it went was the very happiest of her life. Now she brought Jimsie back from his reverie, saying softly: “What was the time you liked the liest, Jimsie?” Ilo lifted his head with a boyish ges- ture and smiled at her a boyish grin that showed his even, white teeth, a lit- tle puzzled look still on his forehead. “ I was trying how to say it,” he told her, “ because there isn’t anything to tell. It happened quite a while ago— two or three summers, I think—when I was boarding up on the Sound, and one Saturday afternoon the fellows were go- ing somewhere that I didn't want to go, and I came baek to the boarding-place. and there was a woman sitting upon the piazza. She was just there for two or three days, and I had talked to her after dinner the night before. She seemed to me like an awful white sort, and I saw her sitting there, and I said: “‘Don’t you want to go swimming?’ And she said. • Yes. I would like to go.’ She was one of those women, don’t you know, who always say ‘Yes.’ as if that was the thing they had been wanting to do awfully, and make you feel that you were pretty smart to have guessed so well what it was they wanted to do.” Louise glanced up swiftly at Jimsie as she made a mental comparison between herself and this woman. Jimsie’s idea of exactly the most amusing thing to do and Louise’s did not always keep step. Curiously enough it had never occurred to Louise before that this was any one’s fault but Jimsie’s. A quick stab of sus- picion pierced her. So he was trying to read her a lesson! But Jimsie, launched in his story, was sublimely unconscious of the look Louise had thrown him. He now took up his artless tale. “ Then I said: “ ‘ Don't let’s go in swimming right lie re; let’s go down to the beach.’ “ It was about two miles away, and she said: “ ‘ Come on,’ in j ust the way sho had spoken before. “ So we started off, and I don’t know how it. was. but I felt right off as if I had known her all my life, and she acted os if she had known me. Sho bad been sort of reserved and quiet in the boarding-house without being stiff, and you know that I don’t talk much in a strange bunch, but just as soon as we got out of sight of the village and on to tho country road, we began to act like a couple of kids. We did all sorts of silly things.” “What kind of silly things?” Louise asked. A curious numbness was stealing over her. She felt like a queen who finds that her crown jewels are made of paste. “ Oh, I don’t know,” said Jimsie. vaguely, “ kid things. We chased a wild rabbit, and her hair came down, and sho looked like twelve years old. I told her so, and she said she thought I must be about eight. She said,” went on Jimsie, dreamily, “that it’s the happiest thing in the world to forget for a fow hours that you’re grown up, and just be kids again. I suppose that’s what made it so nice. Of course you know, as I said, there isn’t anything to tell.” “ Did you go swimming?” asked Louise. She spoke naturally, not to dis- turb the unconscious Jimsie. “ Sure.” said Jimsie. “ Wo swam and swam; she could swim like anything. Then I threw water on her and she ducked me. and I would have ducked her. but I remembered just in time that girls don’t like to get their liair wet. Then we lay for a long time on the hot sand, and there wasn’t anybody there at all. Tim !>eaeh was too unhandy. Just a couple of ramshackle bath-houses and a sandy lane away from everything; the woods on one side, and the sea on the other, and a queer shut-up house on a point. She made up stories about it. She had lots of imagination. And. some- 508 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. way, we grew happier and happier every minute, and before we knew it the sun got quite low, and we knew it must be getting awfully late, but she said: “ ‘ Oh, let’s stay. We’re so late now we might as well be later.’ “ I never would have thought of go- ing home. “ * Lot's stay,’ she said, ‘ until the sea eats up our castle.’ “ We had built a castle in the sand and pretended we lived in it. Say,” he broke out, “ you must think I am a fierce kid.” He took Louise’s hand in his. She let it stay there, as inert as a stone. She was far from thinking him a kid. All the jealousy of a wounded woman very much in love was alive in her. Tlie pure gold of Jimsie’s happiest afternoon had passed her by, for with wide and startled eyes she saw in Jimsie’s heart ’the reflection of another woman’s face where she had thought to see her own. Jimsie took Louise’s silence for under- standing of his mood, and went 011: “ She said that when our castle was gone we would have to go back and be grown up.” “Then what did you do?” Louise nsked. The blood was humming in her ears, but her cool and tranquil tone sur- prised herself. “ Oh, we got dressed and went home.” “What did you talk about?” Louise asked. “I don’t remember,” Jimsie answered. “ We didn’t talk much. We just fooled. We didn’t need to talk, any more than kids do when they’re having a good time. We just felt as if we knew each other too well to talk, I suppose. Just before we got to the gate she said: “ ‘ We’ll not forget this afternoon.' “ And I said, * No.' Though I didn’t think I would remember it the way I always have. “ Everybody was through supper, and her husband was awfully worried, because nobody had seen us go, you see. He didn’t know what had happened.” “ Her husband 1” gasped Louise. “ Sure,” Jimsie responded. “ I told you she was married, didn’t I? They went away a couple of days afterward.” “ It’s queer you never told me about her before. You have told me about all your other friends.” “ Why, there wasn’t anything to tell,” Jimsie answered, still sunk in his dream of that perfect afternoon—a moment that comes to people only once or twice in a lifetime, when the hands of time turn back to the golden moments of childhood, where everything is innocence and peace, and where one has added to the joy of child’s play and the rollick- ing, heart-stirring laughter tlie knowl- edge of how happy one is—the moment when two people fare forth to tlie Elysian fields, leaving behind them at the gate all the conventions with which, as a rule, we are so sadly cloaked from all our fellow creatures. Such moments come like the gift of the gods, handed out without rhyme or reason, it would seem, and Jimsie had treasured his mo- ment always, and now for the first time had spoken of it, giving it to Louise to look at as one would some precious thing, wishing, as he did, to share with her everything in his life that seemed worthy of her. “Was she pretty?” Louise asked .7 imsie. He frowned, trying to evoke from his memory the face of his companion. “ I don’t, remember. She had light hair. She looked like a kid when it came down.” “What was her name?” “Her name?” Jimsie wondered. “I don’t know. I don’t think I ever caught her name. Why, Louise—why, Louise, what’s the matter?” for Louise had wrenched her hand from Jimsie’s and sat staring at him, angry tears in her eyes. “ You’re keeping something from me. Jimsie,” she cried. “ You do know her name. How can you say that you don't know the name of tlie woman who gave’ you the happiest moment of your life?” Had she struck him he couldn’t have been more dazed. A little flicker of anger answered hers. Jimsie Bate wasn’t used to being told he lied. “ I tell you,” ho said, with a touch of sternness, “I don I know her name. I never did know it. I never saw her again.” Tlie long tension of self-control had worn upon Louise, and she hid her face in the grass and wept. She sobbed like an angry and disappointed child. Jimsie THE PERFECT HOUR. 509 looked at her dnmfonnded. What was the matter i What 011 earth was she cry- ing about? He had told her lots worse things. He had confessed to her things that really mattered that he bad done ond she hadn’t seemed to mind it one bit; and here he hod told her this innocent, sweet experience, and she was crying angrily. She couldn’t be jealous! How could a woman be such a fool as to be jealous? But. the unmanning spectacle of her tears washed away his anger. He had never seen Louise cry before. The whole thing was inexplicable to him. Tlie end of the world apparently had come, and lie didn’t know how or why. She must bo jealous—that must be it. At this his nature rose in revolt. If he had been analytical enough to put words to it, he would have said that he was shocked to the core of his being. In his matter-of-fact man’s life, moments of pure poetry were rare enough, ond this little bit of pure gold hod shone to him always in the rather dull alloy of his days. Now Louise treated it as if it were a piece of stolen gold. He felt smirched and hurt. Louise was a delicate ond sweet-minded woman, ond he a man no better thon any other man, and yet it is true in a world where good and bad are so mingled that your ordinary man moy have finer strains in him thon o sweet-minded woman, ond that the woman moy foil into spiritual grossness through lack of understanding ond imagination, and, above all, through her devouring egotism which demands graspingly that her man shall be hers, all of him. And here Jitnsie in his blindness did exactly the wrong thing. He tried to reason with Louise: but when one has been hurt in the heart one con only be heoled through the heart. He stooped to justify himself with: “ See here, Louise, there wasn’t any- thing in it. I tell you I never saw her again. I don’t know what her name was; I don’t even remember how she looked.” But at that moment Louise was far from jealousy. She was sobbing over her fallen empire, crying because she hod not been able to give Jimsie the happiest moment of his life. Faltcring- l.v. with deep sobs, she told him this. “ Oh. but you have; you do! Of course I am happier with you than with anybody else; but don’t you see, this wos just sort of o little piece of different. 1 never thought of it in the same mo- ment with you, Louise.” “I see.” she Answered, dully; “I un- derstand.” She dried her eyes, and after a time they wolked home together in silence, finding they had come a distance insup- portably long. Louise felt hot all over, ashamed as a boy might who has cried before another boy. Tears had been rare in her life always, and when they had come she had hidden them. She longed for her own room with the door locked and silence. The dim meaning of what Jimsie’s experience had meant came to her. and she realized also that by show- ing that she had not understood it slie had lost some empire over Jimsie—an empire that she might perhaps never regain; and at this the tears welled up again and fell down her cheeks, and Jimsie said: “ Don’t you think you have cried about enough, Louise!” at which she sat down by the side of the road and sobbed in broken fashion, to his utter dismay and her own, both having the cold fear in their hearts of some one pass- ing by who would know them. At last Louise said: “ Let me go home alone, Jimsie. I know you will say something and I shall cry; I know I shall.” She made this con- fession. burning olive with shame, and with anger ot him for lioving witnessed her degradation, with anger at herself for not having been able to control her- self—as dismayed as Jimsie concerning the scene they hod passed through. So they went their separate ways, both feeling as if some catastrophe hod overtaken them, each of them looking down for the first time into the im- measurable gulf that separates all men and women, driven asunder by what had made them one. Because Jimsie was a man and Louise a woman, they had loved each other, and now for the same reason they were being driven apart, neither understanding what had happened, nor comprehending the deep hurt that, each had given the other. It is so much harder to meet the small. 510 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. meaningless tempests of life that come upon one when the air is tranquil and I he sky blue than to stand up manfully to the deeper tragedies. As she had done when she was a little girl when she was going home too late, beyond the hour fixed by her mother, Louise went in guiltily by a side gate and up the back stairs to her room, where she locked the door and breathed a sigh of relief at being alone. She bail thirsted for this solitude, but here in her own room Jimsie pursued her. All around were signs of his occupation. Neckties hung over the mirror; brushes were scattered. about: his sweater hung over a chair. Here in her own blue-and- white room where she had lived her life as a girl—not even here could she es- cape him. She sat down to think what had happened. Nothing had happened, and everything. The story of Jimsie’s perfect afternoon seemed now to her a far-off and shadowy thing. It seemed unimportant to her that he should have been happier for a moment with somebody else; the thing that mattered was that they had been as one. and now their sky was changed and darkened. Sbe suffered intolerably. There was no one in the world who could help her—no one she cotdd go to, for there was nothing to tell—110 one whose advice she could ask. for there was noth- ing to ask advice about. Yes, tho sky was changed. Why, she didn’t know any more than Jimsie knew as he walked slowly along the dusty road, wondering blindly what had struck Louise. Tie had watched her retreating figure, staring as though he could not believe what was happening before his eyes. What had happened? That, is what he would have liked to know. As he asked himself this question, anger at the in- justice of things arose in him. Men are less patient about such matters than women, perhaps because they are less accustomed to them. Injustice troubles the average woman very little, but it is a thing that a man simply cannot bear. What, Jimsie asked himself, had he done to bring this upon his head? Their life together, which had been so sweet only a few minutes before, seemed to lie in pieces about him. He knew that women had moods, he had seen tlmt for himself. He had heard they were un- reasonable — rumors of the unaccount- able performances of the female were constantly getting to Jimsie from his married friends. So this was it, then? This sort of tantrum which came from no cause that one could name and turned the sweet things of life dark and ugly and for which one could do nothing (that was the thing that chafed him), absolutely nothing! He had done all that a man could do, he told himself, not realizing that he had left out the one thing that could have helped mat- ters; for Jimsie Bate had not lived long enough in the world of the emotions to realize that it is affection that a woman wants when she cries, and not reason. Some men never realize this all their lives, and look upon tlie tears of their partner with anger, or with mute dismay, according to their temperaments, and go on through the years trying to bettor matters by explanation. T11 such matters most of us, both men and women, re- main children forever. There are wives who make their husbands angry in pre- cisely the same way two hundred days in the year, and men who hurt their wives in precisely the same manner after ten years of marriage that they did when they first made them cry. But for the life of him, even if this way of comforting Louise had occurred to him, he could not have done it. He was sorry for her, but he was sorry for her with a certain raging despair. He was still sorrier for himself—Jimsie Bate —Jimsie, who had given up sailing only to have a scene because he had told his wife a story as harmless as a fairy-tale. Nothing had happened; no great quar- rel had come, for he could not say that they really bad quarrelled; but every- thing was changed. For the world of the emotions knows no logical reason. A most trivia] occurrence may be more blighting than some great catastrophe. A man may leave his well-known world and follow a woman for no better reason that you could put. into words than a trick she lias of lifting her eyebrows, but later on, her manner of asking a question may make her almost unbear- able. None of us knows a thing about THE PERFECT HOI'R. fill it; no man can give a reasonable reason why one woman indifferently good- looking. of no more intelligence than her neighbors, makes up the world for him for a while, or knows why, after a while, she ceases to do this. There seems to be one general rule to govern what men and women will not forgive each other—we can’t bear for long that which takes away our peace of mind; and this is what Jimsie and Louise had done for each other. Jimsie lagged along the road; for the first time in his life he didn’t want to see Louise. It was with relief that he found her with the others on the piazza; for all the way home he had been con- fronted by tho necessity of saying some- thing to her, and he realized that he had nothing to say—nothing whatever. All he wanted was peace. lie was emotion- ally bankrupt. lie was glad of the in- significant chatter of a crowd. They soon went in to supper, and as he watch- ed Louise across the table he realized that never before had she seemed to him so much a stranger. Why, she had seemed nearer to him tlie first day he had seen her—standing before the mast of the sailboat, when the wind blew her hat into the Sound. A strange and alien woman she seemed to him now. filled with violent emotions whose deptlis he could not fathom; and he—he must seem to her equally far off, since she could so misunderstand the things he had to tell her. A sense of loneliness grew upon him overwhelmingly. It is a very bitter thing to realize how alone one really is in tho world. There are some sensitive and morbid people who hove gone mad with nothing more than this knowledge of their own isolation; and Jimsie, normal and happy-hearted, didn’t know how to wrestle with the sadness that poured over him; and mingled with his sadness was a strain of definite irritation—irritation of the average married man which voices itself in the words: “Barn women, anyway! What ails ’em?” After supper tlie chatter of the people became intolerable to Jimsie, and lie strolled off with a cigarette in his bond to the soothing darkness of the garden, oppressed by his loneliness, angry with himself, with Louise, and with the in- justice of things, and. above all, dismayed at the change in his own world that seemed so impregnably secure. Now that world hod changed. It could never be the simple matter that it had been. Doubts there would bo and misunder- standings. It amounted to os much as that, although there was nothing one could tell anybody. Besides, what had hoppened ? A quorrel wos o human, un- derstandable thing, for one could make it up. Some one might say he was in tlie wrong. But this, this struck at the very foundation of things; slight, as it was and mode of nothing grcoter thon o few teors and a difference in point of view, it yet marked the limits of the Garden of Eden for Louise and Jimsie, since it marked the limits of where they could go together hand in hand with com- plete understanding. As Jimsie strolled mournfully about the garden, he saw on a bench beneath one of the trees a dejected white figure in a pose that looked just as lie felt, and before lie knew it Louise wos in his arms; for since his own heart was sore and needed comforting, he knew all at once how to comfort her. and how to lie com- forted by her. Together they clung to each other before the door that they might never again enter; for love has its perfect moment—a perfect moment that is very perishable, and that tlie first ndverse wind must wither. And so cling- ing together they realized that tlie per- fect moment for them was over—that they could no longer think themselves wiser and more fortunate in their love than any other of the people they knew; but they realized too that nothing mat- tered very much so long as they still cared. The deep misunderstandings of sex might be always tliere and yet could not really hurt them, nor could anything, so long os they should love each other. My Memories of Mark Twain BY W. D. HOWELLS PART III WHEN Messrs. Houghton & Mif- flin became owner of The Allantic Monthly, Mr. Hough- ton fancied having some breakfasts and dinners, which should bring tho pub- lisher and the editor face to face with the contributors, who were bidden from far and near. Of course, the subtle fiend of advertising, who has now grown so unblushing bold, lurked under the covers at these banquets, and the junior partner and the young editor had their joint and separate fine anguishes of mis- giving as to the taste and the principle of them; but they were really very simple- hearted and honestly meant hospitalities, and they prospered as they ought, and gave great pleasure and no pain. I for- get some of the “ emergent occasions,” but I am sure of a birthday dinner most unexpectedly accepted by Whittier, and a birthday luncheon to Mrs. Stowe, and I think a birthday dinner to Long- fellow; but the passing years have left me in the dark as to the pretext of that supper at which Clemens made his awful speech, and came so near being the death of us all. At the breakfasts and lunch- eons, we had the pleasure of our lady- oontributors’ company, but that night there were only men, and because of our great strength we survived. I suppose the year was about 1S79, but here the almanac is unimportant, and I can only say that it was after Clemens hail become a most valued con- tributor of the magazine, where he found himself to his own great explicit satis- faction. lie had jubilantly accepted our invitation, and had promised a speech, which it appeared afterward he had pre- pared with unusual care and confidence. It was his custom always to think out his speeches, mentally wording them, and then memorizing them by a peculiar sys- tem of mnemonics which be had invented. On the dinner table a certain succession of knife, spoon, saltcellar, and butter- plate symbolized a train of ideas, and on the billiard-table a ball, a cue, and a piece of chalk served the same pur- pose. With a diagram of these printed on the brain be had full command of the phrases which his excogitation hail attached to them, and which embodied the ideas in perfect form. He believed he had been particularly fortunate in his notion for the speech of that evening, and he had worked it out in joyous self- reliance. It was the notion of three tramps, three deadbeats, visiting a Cali- fornia mining-camp, and imposing them- selves upon the innocent miners as re- spectively Ralph Waldo Emerson, Henry Wadsworth Long-fellow, and Oliver Wen- dell Holmes. Tlie humor of the con- ception must prosper or must fail ac- cording to the mood of the hearer, but Clemens felt sure of compelling this to sympathy, and he looked forward to an unparalleled triumph. But there were two things that he had not taken into account. One was the species of religious veneration in which these men were held by those nearest them, a thing that I should not be able to realize to people remote from them in time and place. They were men of extraordinary dignity, of the thing called presence, for want of some clearer word, so that no one could well approach them in a personally light or trifling spirit. I do not suppose that anybody more truly valued them, or more piously loved them, than Clemens himself, but the intoxica- tion of his fancy carried him beyond tho bounds of that regard, and emboldened him to the other thing which he had not taken into account, namely, the im- mense hazard of working his fancy out before their faces, and expecting them to enter into the delight of it. If neither Emerson, nor Longfellow, nor Holme-; had l>eim there, the scheme might possibly MY MEMORIES OK MARK TWAIN. have carried, but eveu this is doubtful, for those who so devoutly honored them would have overcome their horror with difficulty, aiul perhaps would not have overcome it at all. The publisher, with a modesty very ungrateful to me, had abdicated his office of host, and 1 was the hapless president, fulfilling the abhorred function of call- ing people to their feet and making them s|x-ak. When I came to Clemens I intro- duced him with the cordial admiring I had for him us one of my greatest con- tributors and dearest friends. Here, I said, in sum. was a humorist who never left you hanging your head for having enjoyed his joke; and then the amazing mistake, the bewildering blunder, the cruel catastrophe was upon us. 1 be- lieve that after the scope of the burlesque made itself clear, there wan no one there, including the burlesquer himself, who was not smitten with a desolating dis- may. There fell a silence, weighing many tons to the square inch, which deepened from moment to moment, and was broken only by the hysterical and blood-curdling laughter of a single guest, whose name shall not be banded down to infamy. Nobody knew whether to look at the speaker, or down at his plate. 1	chose my plate as the least affliction, and so 1 do not know how Clemens looked, except when I stole a glance at him. and saw him standing solitary amid bin appalled and appalling listeners, with bis joke dead on his hands. From a first jrlanee at the great three whom bis jest had made its theme. I was aware of Ixmgfellow sitting upright, and re- garding the humorist with an air of pensive puzzle, of Holmes busily writing on his menu, with a well-feigned effect of preoccupation, and of Emerson, hold- ing his elbows, and listening with a sort of Jovian oblivion of this nether world in that lapse of memory which saved him in those later years from so much bother. Clemens must have dragged his joke to the climax, and left it there, but I cannot say this from any sense of the fact. Of what happened afterward at the table where the im- mense. the wholly innocent, the tndy tmimagined affront was offered. I have no longer the least remembrance. I next remember being in a room of the hotel. Vol. CXXt-—N‘». 7*1 -6 1 where Clemens was not to sleep, but to toss in despair, and Charles Dudley Warner’s saying, in the gloom. “ Well, Mark! You’re a funny fellow.” It was as well as anything else he could have said, but Clemens seemed unable to ac- cept tlie tribute. I stayed the night with him, and the next morning, after a haggard breakfast, we drove about and he made some pur- chases of brie-il-brac for his house in 11	art tori I, with a soul as far away from bric-il-brne as ever the soul of man was. He went home by an early train, and he lost no time in writing back to the three divino personalities which he had so in- voluntarily seemed to (lout. They all wrote back to him. making it as light for him as they could. I have heard that Emerson was a good deal mystified, and in his sublime forgetfulness asked. Who was this gentleman who apjieared to think he had offered him some sort of annoy- ance? But I am not sure that this is accurate. What I am sure of is that Ixmgfellow, a few days after, in my study, stopped before a photograph of Clemens, and said, “ Ah! He is a wag," and nothing more. Holmes told nve, with deep emotion, such as a brother humorist might well feed, that he had not lost an in- -tant in replying to Clemens’s letter, and assuring him that there had not l>een tlie least offence, and entreating him nev- er to think of the matter again. “ lb- said that lie was a fool, but lie was God’s fool.” Holmes quoted from the letter with a true sense of the pathos and humor of the self-abasement. To me, Clemens wrote a week later. “ It doesn’t get any l>etter; it burns like fire.” Hut now I understand that it was not shame that burnt, but rage for a blunder which he had so incredibly com- mitted. Tlmt to have conceived of those men, the most dignified in our literature, our civilization, as impersonate by three hoboes, ond then to have imagined that he could ask them personally to enjoy ihe monstrous travesty, was a break, he saw too late, for which there was no repair. Yet the time came, and not so very lone afterward, when some mention was made of the incident as o mi«take. and he said, with all his fierceness. “ But 1 don’t admit that it was a mistake.” and it was not so in the minds of all witnesses 514 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. at second hand. The morning: after the dreadful dinner, there came a glowing note from Professor Child, who had read the newspaper report of it, praising Clemens’s burlesque as the richest piece of humor in the world, and betraying no sense of incongruity in its perpetra- tion in the presence of its victims. I think it must al- ways have ground Clemens’s soul, that he was the victim of circum- stances, and that if ho had so mo more favoring oc- casion he could re- trieve his loss in it. by giving the thing the right setting.—Not more than two or three years oro, he came to try me its to trying it again at a meeting of news- paper men in Washington. I had to own my fears, while I alleged Child’s note on the other hand, but in the end he did not try it with tlie newspaper men. I do not -know whether lie has ever printed it or not, but since tlie thing happened. I have often wondered how much offence there really was in it.* I am not sure but the horror of the spectators read more indignation into the subjects of the hapless drolling than they felt. But it must have been difficult for them to bear it with equanimity. To be sure they were not themselves mocked; nevertheless their personality was trifled with, and I could only end by reflecting that if I had been in their place I should not have liked it myself. Clemens would have liked it himself, for he had the heart for that sort of wild play, and he so loved a joke that even if it took the form of a liberty, and was yet a good joke, he would have loved it. Sis* “ Mnrk Twain’s Speeches.” He was oftenest at my house in Cam- bridge, but he was also sometimes at my house in Belmont; wlien. after a year in Europe, we went to live in Boston be was more rarely with us. We could never be long together without something out of the common happening, and one day something far out of the common hap- pened, which for- tunately refused the nature of ab- solute tragedy, while remaining rather the saddest sort of comedy. We were looking out of my library window on that view of the Charles which I was so proud of sharing with my all - but - next - door neighbor. Doctor Holmes, when an- other friend who was with us called out with curiously impersonal inter- est, “ Oh. see that, w o m a n getting into the water!” This would have excited curiosity and alarmed anx- iety far less live- ly tlinn ours, and Clemens and I rushed down - stairs and out through my basement and back gate. At the same time a coachman came out of a stable next door, and grappled by the shoulders a woman who was somewhat deliberately getting down the steps to the water over the face of the em- bankment. .Before we could reach them he had pulled her up to the drive- way, and stood holding lier there while she crazily trrieved at her rescue. As soon as he saw us he went back into his stable, and left us with the poor, wild creature 011 our hands. She was not very yountr and not very pretty, and we could not have flattered ourselves with the no- tion of anything romantic in her suicidal mania, but we could take her on the broad human level, and on this we pro- Mark Twain. 1878 MY MEMORIES OF MARK TWAIN. posed to escort her up Beacon Street till we could give her into the keeping of one of those kindly policemen whom our neighborhood knew. Naturally there was no policeman, known to us or unknown, (Ik; whole way to the Public Uarden. Wo bad to circumvert our charge in her present design of drowning herself, and walk her past the streets crossing Beacon In the river. At these points it needed considerable reasoning to overcome her wish and some active lnameuvring in both of us to enforce our arguments. Nobody else appeared to be interested, and though we did not court publicity in the performance of the duty so strange- ly laid upon us, still it was rather dis- appointing to be so entirely ignored. There are some four or five crossings to tin- river between 'iO'J Beacon Street and the Public Gar- den. and the sug- gestions at our command w e r e pretty well ex- hausted by t h e time we reached it. Still the ex- pected policeman was nowhere in sight; hut a bril- liant thought oc- curred to Clemens, lie asked m e where the nearest police station was. and when I told him. he started off at his highest speed, leaving me in sole charge of our hapless ward. All my powers of suasion were now taxed to the ut- most, and I began	Mb attracting atten- tion as a short, stout gentleman in early middle life endeavoring to distrain a respectable female of her personal liberty, when his accomplice had abandoned him to his wicked design. After a much long time than I thought / should have taken to get a policeman from the station Clemens reappeared in easy conversation with an officer, who bad probably realized that he was in the eom- pany of Mark Twain, and was in no hurry to end the interview. He took pos- session of our captive and we saw her no more. I now wonder that with our joint instinct for failure we ever got rid of her; but I am sure we did. and few things in life have given me greater re- lief. When we got back to my house we found the friend we had left there quite unruffled and not much concerned to know the facts of our adventure. My impression is that lie had been taking a nap on my lounge; he appeared re- freshed and even gay; but if I am inexact in these details he is alive to refute me. A little after this Clemens went abroad with his family and lived several years in Germany. Ilis letters still came, but nl longer intervals, and the thread of our Howklls's House at Cambrioge intimate relations was inevitably broken. He would write me when something I had written pleased him. or when some- thing signal occurred to him, or some political or social outrage stirred him to wrath, and he wished to free his mind in pious profanity. During this sojourn he came near dying of pneumonia in Berlin, and he had slight relapses from HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 516 it after coming home. In Berlin also lie liad the honor of dining with the German Emperor at the table of a cousin married to a high officer of the court. Clemens was a man to enjoy such a distinction; lie knew how to take it as a delegated recognition from the German people; but as coming from a sovereign who had as yet only his sovereignty to value himself upon, he was not very proud of it. lie expressed a quiet dis- dain of the event as between the im- periality and himself, on whom it was supposed to confer such glory, crowning his life with the topmost leaf of laurel. Tie was in the same mood in his ac- count of an English dinner many years before, where there was a “little Scotch lord ” present, to whom the English tacitly referred Clemens’s talk, and laughed when he laughed, and were grave when he failed to smile. Of all the men I have known he was the farthest from a snob, though he valued recognition, and liked the flattery of the fashionable fair when it came in his way. He would not go out of his way for it, but like all able and brilliant men he loved the minds of women, their wit, their agile cleverness, their sensitive perception, their humorous appreciation, the saucy things thev would say, and their pretty, temerarious de- fiances. He had of course the keenest sense of what was truly dignified and truly undifrnifipd in people; but he was not really"- interested in what we call society aff&irs; they scarcely existed for him; though his books witness how he abhorred the dreadful fools who through some chance of birth or wealth hold them- selves different from otlier men. Commonly he did not keep things to himself, especially dislikes and con- demnations. I'pon most current events he had stromr opinions, and be uttered them strongly. After a while he was silent in them, but if you tried him you found him in them still. He was apt to wear himself out in the vehemence of his resentments; or. he had so spent himself in uttering them that he had literally nothing more to say. You could offer Clemens offences that would anger other men and be did not mind; he would account for them from human nature: but if he thought you had in any way played him false you were anathema and niariinatha forever. Yet not forever, perhaps, for by and by, after years, he would be silent. There were two men, half a generation apart in their succession, whom he thought equally atrocious in their treason to him, and of whom he used to talk terrifyingly, even after they were out of the world. He went farther than Heine, who said that he forgave his enemies, but not till they were dead. Clemens did not forgive his dead enemies; their death seemed to deepen their crimes, like a base evasion, or a cowardly attempt to escape; he pursued them to the grave; he would like to dig them up and take venge- ance upon their clay. So he said, but no doubt he would not have hurt them if lie had had them living before him. He was generous without stint; he trusted without measure, but where his generosity was abused, or his trust betrayed, he was a tire of vengeance, a consuming flame of suspicion that no sprinkling of cool pa- tience from others could quench; it had to burn itself out. He was eagerly and lavishly hospitable, but if a man seemed willing to batten on him, or in any way to lie down upon him. Clemens despised him unutterably. In his frenzies of re- sentment or suspicion lie would not, and doubtless could not, listen to reason. But if between the paroxysms he were con- fronted with the facts he would own them, no matter how much they told against him. At oue period he fancied that a certain ncwspa|»er was hounding him with biting censure and poisonous para- graphs, and he was filling himself up with wrath to l>e duly discharged on the edit- or’s head. Later, he wrote nie with a humorous joy in his mistake that Warner had advised him to have the pajH-r watch- ed for these injuries. He had done so, nnd how many mentions of him did I reckon he had found in three months? Just two. and they were rather indifferent than unfriendly. So the paper was ac- quitted. and the editor's life was spared. The wretch never knew how near he was to losing it. with incredible preliminaries of obloquy, and a subsequent devotion to lasting infamy. His memory for favors was as good as for injuries, and be liked to return your friendliness with as loud a band of music a« could be bomrlit or bribed for Mark Twain and Mr Howells at Lakiavood. 1008 the occasion. All that you had to do was to signify that you wanted his help. When my father was consul at Toronto during Arthur’s administration, he fan- cied that his place was in danger, and he appealed to me. In turn I appealed to Clemens, bethinking myself of his friendship with Grant, and Grant’s friendship with Arthur. I asked him to write to Grant in my father’s behalf, but No, he answered me, I must come to Hartford, and we would go on to New York together and see Grant personally. I bis was before, and long Ix-fore, Clemens became Grant’s publisher and splendid benefactor, but the men liked each other i>8 such men eould not help doing. Clem- ens made the appointment, and we went to find Grant in his business office, that place where his business innocence was afterward so betrayed. Tie was very simple and very cordial, and I was in- stantly the more at home with him, be- cause his voice was the soft, rounded. Ohio River accent to which my years were earliest used from my steam- boating uncles, my earliest heroes. When T stated my business, he merely said. Oh, no; that must not be; he would write to President Arthur; and he did so that day—and my father lived to lay down his office when he tired of it, with no urgenee from above. It is not irrelevant to Clemens to say that Grant seemed to like finding himself in company with two literary men, one of whom at least he could make sure of, and unlike that silent man lie was reputed, he talked constantly, and so far as he mitrht he talked literature. At least 518 HARPER'S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. he talked of John Pha-nix, that delight- l'ulest of the early Pacific Slope humorists, whom he had known under his real name of George II. Derby, when they were fellow cadets at West Point. It was mighty pretty, as Pepys would say, to see the delicate deference Clemens paid our plain hero, and the manly respect with which ho listened. While Grant talked, his luncheon whs brought in from some unassuming restaurant near by, and he asked us to join him in tho baked beans and coffee which were served us in a little room out of I lie office with about the same circumstance as at a railroad refreshment-counter. The baked beans and coffee were of about the railroad- refreahment quality; but eating them with Grant was like sitting down to baked beans and coffee with Julius Cajsar, or Alexander, or some other great Plutarehan captain. One of the highest satisfactions of Clemens’s often supremely satisfactory life was his relation to Grant. It was his proud joy to tell how he found Grant about to sign a contract for his hook on certainly very gooil terms, and said to him that he could himself publish the book, ami give him a percentage three times as large. lie said Grant *«*cm«*d to doubt whether he could honorably with- draw from the negotiation at that point. but Clemen-- overbore such scruples, and it was his unparalleled privilege, bis princely pleasure to pay the author a far larger cheek for his work than had ever been paid to an author before. He valued even more than this splendid opportunity the sacred moments in which their busi- ness brought him into the presence of the slowly dying, heroically living man whom he was so befriending: and he told me in words which surely lost none of their simple pathos through his report how Grant described his suffering. The prosperity of this venture was the beginning of Clemens’s adversity, for it led to excesses of enterprise! which were forms of dissipation. The young sculptor who had come back to him from Paris modelled a small bust of Grant, which Clemens multiplied in great numbers to his great loss, and the success of Grant’s book tempted him to launch on publish- ing seas where his bark presently foun- dered. The first and greatest of his dis- asters was the Life of Pope Leo XIII.. which he came to tell me of. when he had imagined it. in a sort of glorious intoxi- cation. I le had no words in which to paint the magnificence of the project, or to forecast its colossal success. It would have a currency bounded only by the number of Catholics ih Christendom. It would be translated into every language Mark Twain’s final Home " Stohmhelu " RemiiNa, Connecticut " STONMFIEU) •— LOOKINO TOWARD THE PEROOLA which was anywhere written or printed; it would be circulated literally in every country of the globe, and Clemens’s book- agents would carry the prospectuses and I hen the hound copies of tlie work to the ends of the whole earth. Not only would every Catholic buy it. but every Catholic must, as he was a good Catholic, os ho lioj>cd to be saved. It was a mag- nificent scheme, and it captivated me, as it had captivated Clemens; it dazzled us both, and neither of us saw the fatal defect in it. The event proved that tho immeasurable majority did not wish to read the life of the Pope, though it was written bv a dignitary of t 1m* Church and issued to the world with every sanction from the Vatican. The failure was in- credible to Clemens; his sanguine soul was utterly confounded, and soon a si- lence fell upon it where it had been so exulierantly jubilant. Tho occasions which brought us to New York together were not nearly so frequent as those which united us in Boston, but there was a dinner given him by a friend which remains memorable from the fatuity of two men present, so different in everything but their fatuity. One was the sweet old comedian Billy Florence, who was urging the un- successful dramatist across the table to write him a play about Oliver Crom- well. and giving the reasons why he thought himself peculiarly fitted to por- tray the character of Cromwell. The other was a modestly millioned rich man who was then only beginning to amass the moneys afterward heajied so high, and was still in the condition to be flattered by the condescension of a yet greater millionaire. His contribu- tion to our ga.vety was the verbatim re- port of a call he had made upon William II.	Vanderbilt, whom lie bad found just about starting out of town, with his trunks actually in the front hall, but who had stayed to receive the narrator. He had. in fact, sat down on one of the trunks, and talked with easiest friendli- ness, and quite, we were given to infer, like an ordinary human being. Clemens often kept on with some thread of the talk when we came away from a dinner, nut now lie was silent, as if “ high sor- rowful and cloyed”; and it was not till well afterward that I found he had noted the facts from the bitterness with which he mocked the rich mail, and the pity he expressed for the actor. Tie had begun before that to amass those evidences against mankind which STORMFIEID " -THE LIVING-ROOM eventuated with him in his theory of what he called “ tho damned human race." This was not an expression of piety, but of tho kind contempt to which ho was driven by our follies and iniquities as ho had observed them in himself as well as in others. It was as mild a misanthropy, probably, as ever caressed the objects of its malediction. But I believe it was about the year 1900 that his sense of our perdition became insupportable and broke out in a mixed abhorrence and amusement which spared no occasion; so that I could quite understand why Mrs. Clemens should have found some com- pensation, when kept, to her room by sickness, in tho reflection that now she should not hear so much about the “damned human race.” He told of that with the same wild joy that he told of overhearing her repetition of one of his most inclusive profanities, ami her explanation that she meant him to hear it so that he might know how it sounded. The contrast of the lurid blasphemy with her heavenly whiteness should have been enough to cure any one less grounded than he in what must be owned was as fixed a habit as smoking with him. When I first knew him he rarely vented his fury in that sort, and I fancy he was under a promise to her which he kept sacred till the wear and tear of his nerves with advancing years disabled him. Then it would be like him to struggle with himself till ho could strug- gle no longer and to ask his promise back, and it would be like her to give it back. His profanity was the herit- age of his boyhood and young manhood in social conditions and under the duress of exigencies in which everybody swore about as impersonally as he smoked. It is best to recognize the fact of it. and I do so the more readily because I cannot sup- pose tlie Recording Angel really minded it much more than that Guardian Angel of his. It probably grieved them about equally, but they could equally forgive it. Nothing came of his pose regarding the damned human race except his invention of the Human Race Luncheon Club. This was confined to four persons who were never all got together, and it soon perished of their indifference. In the earlier days that 1 have more specially in mind one of the questions that we used to debate a good deal was MY MEMORIES OF MARK TWAIN. 521 whether every human motive was not selfish. Wo inquired as to every impulse, the noblest, the holiest in effect, and he found them in the last analysis of selfish origin. Pretty nearly the whole time of a certain railroad run from New York to Hartford was taken up with the scrutiny of the self-sacrifice of a mother for her child, of the abandon of the lover who dies in saving his mistress from fire or flood, of the hero’s courage in tlie field and tho martyr’s at the stake. Each he found springing from the unconscious love of self and the dread of the greater pain which the self-sacrificer would suf- fer in forbearing the sacrifice. If we had any time left from this inquiry that, day, he must have devoted it to a high regret that Napoleon did not carry out his purpose of invading England, for then he would have destroyed the feudal aristocracy, or “ reformed the lords,” as it might be called now. He thought that would have been an incalculable blessing to the English people and the world. Clemens was always beautifully and unfalteringly a republican. None of his occasional misgivings for Amer- ica implicated a return to monarchy. Yet he felt passionately the splendor of the English monarchy, and there was a time when lie gloried in that figurative poetry by which the king was phrased as “the Majesty of England.” He rolled the words deep - tliroatedly out, and exulted in their beauty as if it were be- yond any other glory of the world. He read, or road at, English history a great deal, and one of the by-products of his restless invention was a game of Eng- lish Kings (like the game of Authors) for children. I do not know whether he over perfected this; but I am quite sure it was not put upon the market. Very likely he brought it to a practicable stage, and then tired of it, as he was apt to do in the ultimation of his vehe- ment undertakings. He satisfied the impassioned demand of his nature for incessant activities of every kind by taking a personal as well as a pecuniary interest in the inventions of others. At one moment the damned human race was almost to be redeemed by a process of founding brass without air bubbles in it; if this could once be accomplished, as I understood, or mis- Vol. CXXI — No TJ4 —65 understood, brass could be used in art- printing to a degree hitherto impossible. I dare say I have got it wrong, but I am not mistaken as to Clemens’s enthusiasm for the process, and his heavy losses in paying its way to ultimate failure. He was simultaneously absorbed in the per- fection of a type-setting machine, which he was paying the inventor a salary to bring to a perfection so expensive that it was practically impracticable. We were both printers by trade, and I could take the same interest in this wonderful piece of mechanism that he could; and it was so truly wonderful that it did everything but walk and talk. Its in- genious creator was so bent upon realiz- ing the highest ideal in it that he pro- duced a machine of quite unimpeachable efficiency. But it was so costly, when finished, that it could not be made for less than twenty thousand dollars, if the parts were made by hand. This sum was prohibitive of its introduction, unless the requisite capital could be found for making tlie parts by machinery, and Clemons spent many months in vainly trying to get this money together. In the moan time simpler machines had been invented and the market filled, and his investment of three hundred thousand dollars in the beautiful miracle remained permanent but not profitable. I once went with him to witness its performance, and it did seem to me the last word in its way, but it had been spoken too ex- quisitely. too fastidiously. I never heard him devote the inventor to the infernal gods, as he was apt to do with the geniuses he lost money by, and so I think he did not regard him as a traitor. Tn these things, and in his other schemes for the subiti guadagni of the speculator and the “ sudden making of splendid names ” for the benefactors of our species, Clemens satisfied the Colonel Sellers nature in himself (from which ho drew the picture of that wild and lovable figure), and perhaps made as good use of liis money as he could. He did not core much for money in itself, but he luxuri- ated in the lavish use of it, and he was as generous with it as ever a man was. He liked piving it. but bo commonly wearied of giving it himself, and wherever ho lived ho established on almoner, whom be fully trusted to keep his left hand 522 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. ignorant of what his right hand was do- ing. I believe he felt no finality in charity, but did it because in its pro- visional way it was the only thing a man could do. I never heard him go really into any sociological inquiry, and I have a feeling that that sort of thing baffled and dispirited him. No one can read The Connecticut Yankee and not be aware of the length and breadth of his sympathies with poverty, but apparently lie liad not thought out any scheme for righting the economic wrongs we abound in. I cannot remember our ever getting quite down to a discussion of the matter; we came very near it once in the day of the vast wave of emotion sent over the world by Looking Backward, and again when we were all so troubled by the great coal strike in Pennsylvania; in considering that he seemed to be for the time doubtful of the justice of the working-man’s cause. At all other times he seemed to know that whatever wrongs tlie working-man committed work was always in the right. When Clemens returned to America with his family, after lecturing round the world, I again saw him in New York, where I so often saw him while he was shaping himself for that heroic enter- prise. He would come to me, and talk sorrowfully over his financial ruin, and picture it to himself as the stuff of some unhappy dream, which, after long pros- perity, had culminated the wrong way. It was very melancholy, very touching, but the sorrow to which lie had coine home from his long journey had not that forlorn bewilderment in it. IIo was look- ing wonderfully well, and when I wanted the name of his elixir, he said it was plnsmon. He was apt, for a man who had put faith so decidedly away from him, to take it back and pin it to some super- stition. usually of a hygienic sort. Once, when he was well on in years, he came to New York without glasses, and an- nounced that he and all his family, so astigmatic and myopic and old-sighted, had, so to speak, burned their spectacles behind them, upon the instruction of some sage who had found out that they were a delusion. The next time he came he wore spectacles freely, almost ostenta- tiously, and I heard from others that the whole Clemens family had been near losing their eyesight by the miracle worked in their behalf. Now, I was not surprised to learn that the damned hu- man race was to be saved by plasmon. if anything, and that my first duty was to visit the plasmon agency with him, and procure enough plasmon to secure my family against the ills it was heir to for evermore. I did not immediately un- derstand that plasmon was one of the investments which he had made from “ the substance of things hoped for,” and in the destiny of a disastrous disappoint- ment. But after paying off the credit- ors of his late publishing firm, he had to do something with his money, and it was not his fault if he did not make a fortune out of plasmon. For a time it was a question whether he should not go back with his family to their old home in Hartford. Perhaps the father’s and mother’s hearts drew them there all the more strongly because of the grief written ineffaceably over it, but for the younger ones, it was no longer the measure of the world. It was easier for all to stay on indefinitely in New York, which is a sojourn without circum- stance, and equally the home of exile and of indecision. The Clemenses took a pleasant, spacious house at Rivcrdale on tlie Hudson, and there I began to see them again on something like the sweet old terms. They lived far more unpre- tentiously than they used, and I think with a notion of economy, which they had never very successfully practised. I recall that at the end of a certain year in Hartford when they had been saving, and paying cash for every- thing. Clemens wrote, reminding me of their avowed experiment, ond asking me to guess how many bills they had at New-Year’s; he hastened to say that a horse-car would not have held them. At Riverdale they kept no carriage, and there was a snowy night when I drove up to their handsome old mansion in tlie station carryall, which was crusted with mud as from the going down of the Deluge after transporting Noah and his family from the Ark to whatever point they decided to settle at provisionally. But the good talk, the rich talk, the talk that could never suffer poverty of mind or soul, was there, and we jubilantly found ourselves again in our middle MY MEMORIES OF MARK TWAIX. 523 youth. It was the mighty moment when Clemens was building his engines of war for the destruction of Christian Science, which superstition nobody, and he least of all, expected to destroy. It would not bo easy to say whether in his talk of it his disgust for the illiterate twaddle of Mrs. Eddy’s book, or his admiration of her genius for organization was the greater. He believed that as n religious machine the Christian Science Church was as perfect as the Roman Church and destined to be more formidable in its control of the minds of men. lie looked for its spread over the whole of Christendom; and throughout the winter he spent at Riverdale be was ready to meet all listeners more than half-way with his convictions of its powerful grasp of tho average human desire to get some- thing for nothing. The vacuous vul- garity of its texts was a perpetual joy to him, while he bowed with serious re- spect to the sagacity which built so securely upon the everlasting rock of human credulity and folly. One Sun- day afternoon we went together to hear an able judge from Kansas, a clever lawyer and a politician of note, deliver a Christian Science discourse which was intellectually so much chopped food for cattle, to a congregation of three thou- sand prosperous persons mainly in seal- skin sacks ond frock coats. I suppose that this extraordinary spectacle afforded Clemens a satisfaction which could have been matched for him only by the claim of Shakespcore to be Shakespeare, when lie bad come to the full perception that Bacon was Shakespeare. An interesting phase of his psychology in this business was not only his admira- tion for the masterly policy °f the Chris- tian Science hierarchy, but his willingness to allow the miracles of its healers to be tried on his friends and family, if they wished it. He had a tender heart for the whole generation of empirics, as well a3 tho newer sorts of scientitians, but he seemed to base his faith in them largely tipon the failure of tlie regulars rather than upon their own successes, which also he believed in. Tie was recurrently, but not insistently, desirous that you should try their strange mil trios when you were ffoinn to try the fomilior medicines. The order of my acquaintance, or call it intimacy, with Clemens was this: our first meeting in Boston, my visits to him in Hartford, his visits to me in Cam- bridge, in Belmont, and in Boston, our briefer and less frequent meetings in 1'oris and New York, all with repeated interruptions through my absences in Eu- ro|>e, and his sojourns in London, Ber- lin, Vienna, and Florence, and bis flights to the many ends, and odds and ends, of the earth. I will not try to follow the events, if they were not rather the sub- jective experiences, of those different periods and points of time, which I must not foil to moke include his summer at York Harbor, ond his divers residences in New York, on Tenth Street and on Fifth Avenue, at Riverdale. and at Stormfield, which his daughter has told me he loved best of all his houses and hoped to mako his home for long years. Not much remains to me of the week or so that we lmd together in Paris early in the summer of 1904. The first thing 1 got at my bonkers wos a cable message announcing that my father was stricken with paralysis, but urging my stay for further intelligence, and T went about till the final summons came with my bead in a mist of core and dread. Clemens was very kind and brotherly through it all. lie was living greatly to his mind in one of those arcaded little hotels in the Rue de Rivoli, and he was freo from all household duties to range with me. We drove together to make colls of digestion ot many houses whore ho hod got indigestion in his reluc- tance from their hospitality, for lie hated dining out. But. as he explained, his wife wanted him to moke these visits, and he did it, as he did everything she wanted. At one place, some suburban villa, he could get no answer to his ring, nnd ho “ hove ” bis cards over the gate just as it opened, and he had tlie sliome of explaining in his unexplanatory French to tlie man picking them up. Tie was excruciatingly helpless with his cabmen, but by very cordially smiling and easting himself on the drivers’ mercy he always managed to get where he wont- ed. The family was on tlie verge of their many moves, ond he was doing some small errands; he said that tho others did the main thing®, and left him to do what the cat might. 524 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. It was with that return upon the buoyant billow of pl&smon, renewed in look and limb, that Clemens’s universal- ly pervasive popularity began in his own country. He had hitherto been more in- telligently accepted, or more largely imagined, in Europe, and I suppose it was my sense of this that inspired the stupidity of my saying to him when we came to consider “ the state of polite learning” among us, “You mustn’t ex- pect people to keep it up here as they do in England.” But it appeared that his countrymen were only wanting the chance, and they kept it up in honor of him past all precedent. One does not go into a catalogue of dinners, recep- tions, meetings, speeches, and the like when there are more vital things to speak of. He loved these obvious joys, and he eagerly strove with the occasions they gave him for the brilliancy which seemed so exhatistless and was so exhausting. His friends saw that he was wearing him- self out, and it was not because of Mrs. Clemens’s health alone that they were glad to have him take refuge at River- dale. The family lived there two happy, hopeless years, and then it was ordered that they should change for his wife’s sake to some less exacting climate. Clemens was not eager to go to Florence, but his imagination was taken as it would have been in the old-young days by the notion of packing his furniture into flexible steel cages from his house in Hartford and unpacking it from them untouched at his villa in Fiesole. He got what pleasure any man could out of that triumph of mind over matter, but the shadow was creeping up his life. One sunny afternoon we sat on the grass before the mansion, after his wife had begun to get well enough for removal, and we looked up toward a balcony where presently that lovely presence made itself visible, as if it had stooped there from a cloud. A hand frailly waved a hand- kerchief; Clemens ran over the lawn to- ward it. calling tenderly: “What? What?” as if it might lie an asking for him instead of the greeting it really was for me. Tt was the last time I saw her, if indeed T can be said to have seen her then, and long afterward when I said how beautiful we all thought her. how good, how wise, how wonderfully perfect in every relation of life, he cried out in a breaking voice: “ Oh, why didn’t you ever tell her? She thought you didn’t like her.” How incredible, how impos- sible is experience! What a pang it was not to have told her, but how could we have told her? His unreason endeared him to me more than all his wisdom. To that Riverdale sojourn belong my impressions of one of those joint epi- sodes of ours, which, strangely enough, did not eventuate in entire failure, as most, of our joint episodes did. He wrote furiously to me of a wrong which had been done to one of the most helpless and one of tho most helped of our literary brethren, asking me to join with him in recovering the money paid over by that brother’s pub- lisher to a false friend who had withheld it and would not give any account of it. Our hapless brother had appealed to Clemens, as he had to me with the facts, but not asking our help, probably because he knew he need not ask; and Clemens enclosed to me a very taking-by-the-throat message which he proposed sending to the false friend. For once, I had some sense, and answered that this would never do, for we had really no power in the matter, and we had better use the deli- cacy of Agag than the truculence of Samuel. I contrived a letter so softly diplomatic that I shall always think of it with pride when my honesties no longer give me satisfaction, saying that this incident had come to our knowledge, and suggesting that we felt sure he would not finally wish to withhold the money. Nothing more, practically, than that, but that was enough; there came promptly back a letter of justification, cover- ing a very substantial check, which we hilariously forwarded to our beneficiary. But the helpless man who was so used to being helped did not answer with the gladness I, at least, expected of him. He acknowledged the check as he would any ordinary payment, and then he made us observe that there was still a large sum due him out of the moneys with- held. At this point I proposed to Clemens that we should let the nonchalant victim collect the balance himself. Clouds of sorrow had gathered about the bowed head of the delinquent since we be- gan on him, and my fickle sympathies MY MEMORIES OF MARK TWAIN. 525 wore turning his way from the victim, who was really to blame for leaving his affairs so unguardedly to him in the first place. Clemens made some sort of grim assent, and we dropped the matter. He was more used to ingratitude from those he helped than I was, who found being lain down upon not so amusing as he found my revolt. He reckoned I was right, he said, and after that I think we never recurred to the incident. It was not ingratitude diat he ever minded; it was treachery that really maddened him past all forgiveness. During the summer he spent at York Harbor I was only forty minutes away at Kittery Point, and we saw each other often; but this was before the last time at Riverdale. He had a wide, low cot- tage in a pine grove overlooking York River, and we used to sit at a corner of the veranda farthest away fronj Mrs. Clemens’s window, where we could read our manuscripts to each other, and tell our stories, and laugh our hearts out without disturbing her. At first she had been about the house, and there was one gentle afternoon when she made tea for us in the parlor, but that was the last time I spoke with her. After that it was really a question of how soonest and easiest she could be got back to River- dale; but of course there were specious delays in which she seemed no worse and seemed a little better, and Clemens could work at a novel he had begun. He had taken a room in the house of a friend and neighbor, a fisherman and boatman; there was a table where he could write, and a bed where he could lie down and read; and there, unless my memory has played me one of those constructive tricks that people’s memories indulge in, he read me the first chapters of an ad- mirable story. The scene was laid in a Missouri town, and the characters such as he had known in boyhood; but often as I tried to make him own it, ho denied having written any such story; it is pos- sible that I dreamed it, but I hope the MS. will yet be found. I cannot say whether or not he believed that his wife would recover; be fought the fear of her death to the end; for her life was far more largely his than the lives of most men’s wives are theirs. For his own life I believe he would never have much cared, if I may trust a saying of one who was so absolutely without pose as he was. He said that he never saw a dead man whom he did not envy for having had it over, and being done with it. Life had always amused him. and in the resurgence of its interests after his sorrow had ebbed away he was again deeply interested in the world, and in the human race, which, though damned, abounded in subjects of eurious inquiry. When the time came for his wife’s removal from York Harbor, I went with him to Boston, wljere he wished to look up the best means of her conveyance to New York. The inquiry absorbed him: the sort of invalid-car he could get; how she could be carried to the village station; how the car could be detached from the eastern Jrain at Boston and carried round to the southern train on the other side of the city, and then how it could be attached to the Hudson River train at New York and left at Riverdale. There was no par- ticular of the business which he did not scrutinize and master, not only with his poignant concern for her welfare, but with his strong curiosity as to how these unusual things were done with the usual means. With the inertness that grows upon an ageing man, he had been used to delegating more and more things, but of that thing I perceived that he would not delegate the least detail. He had meant never to go abroad anain, but when it came time to go he did not look forward to returning; he expected to live in Florence always after that; they were used to tho life and they had been happy there some years earlier before he went with his wife for the cure of Nauheim. But when he came home again it was for good and all. It was natural that ho should wish to live in New York, where they had already had a pleasant year in Tenth Street. I used to see him there in an upper room, looking south over a quiet open space of back yards where we fought our battles in behalf of the Filipinos and tho Boers, and he carried on his campaign against the mission- aries in China. He had not yet formed his habit of lying for whole days in bed, and reading and writing there, yet he was a good deal in bed, from weak- 526 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. ness, I suppose, aud for the mere comfort of it. My perspectives are not very clear, and in the foreshortening of events which al- ways takes place in our review of the past I may not always time things aright. But I believe it was not until he had taken his house at 21 Fifth Avenue that he began to talk to me of writing his autobiography. He meant that it should be a perfectly veracious record of his life and period; for the first time in literature there should be a true history of a man nnd n true presentation of the men the man had known. As we talked it over the scheme enlarged itself in our riotous fancy. We said it should be not only a book, it should be a library, not only a library but a literature. It should make good thg world’s loss through Omar’s barbarity at Alexandria; there was no image so grotesque, so extravagant that we did not play with it; and the work so far as he carried it was really done on a colossal scale. But one day ho said that as to veracity it was a failure; he had begun to lie, and that if no man ever yet told the truth about himself it was bccause no man ever could. How far he had carried his autobiography I cannot say; he dictated the matter several hours each day; and the public has already seen long passages from it, and can judge, probably, of the make and matter of the whole from these. It is immense- ly inclusive, and it observes no order or sequence. Whether now, after his death, it will be published soon or late, I have no means of knowing. Once or twice he said in a vague way that it was not to be published for twenty years, so that the discomfort of publicity might lie minimized for all the survivors. Sud- denly he told me he was not working at it; hut I did not understand whether he had finished it, or merely dropped it; I never asked. We lived in the same city, but, for old men, rather far apart, he at Tenth Street aud I at Seventieth, and with our colds and other disabilities we did not see each other often. He expected me to come to him, and I would not. without some return of my visits, hut we never ceased to lie friends, and good friends, so far as T know. I joked him once as to how I was going to come out in his autobiography, and he gave me some sort of joking reassurance. There was one incident, however, that, brought us very frequently and actively together. He came one Sunday afternoon to have me call with him on Maxim Gorky, who was staying at a hotel a few streets above mine. We were both interested in Gorky, Clemens rather more as a revolu- tionist and I as a realist, though 1 too wished the Russian Czar ill, and the novelist well in his mission to the Russian sympathizers in this republic. But I had lived through the episode of Kossuth’s visit to us and his vain en- deavor to raise funds for the Hungarian cause in 1851, when we were a younger and nobler nation than now, with hearts if not hands opener to the “ oppressed of Europe”; the oppressed of America, the four or five millions of slaves, we did not copnt. I did not believe that Gorky could get the money for the cause of freedom in Russia which he had come to get; as I told a valued friend of his and mine, I did not believe he could get $2,500, and I think now T set the fifrur<* too high. I had already refused to sign the sort of general appeal his friends were making to our principles and pockets because I felt it so wholly idle, and when the paper was produced in Gorky’s presence, and Clemens put bis name to it, I still refused. Tlie next day Gorky was expelled from his hotel with the woman who was not his wife, but who, I am bound to say, did not look as if she were not, at least to me. who am, however, not versed in those aspects of human nature. I might have escaped unnoted, but Clemens’s familiar head gave us away to the reporters waiting at the elevator’s mouth for all who went to see Gorky. As it was, a hunt of interviewers ensued for us severally and jointly. I could re- main aloof in my hotel apartment, re- turning answer to such guardians of the public right to know everything that T had nothing to say of Gorky’s domestic affairs; for the public interest had now strayed far from the revolution, and now- centred entirely upon these. But with Clemens it was different; he lived in a house with a street door kept by a single butler, and lie was constantly rung for. I forgot how long the siege lasted, but MY MEMORIES OF MARK TWAIN. 527 long enough for us to have fun with it. That was the moment of the great Vesuvian eruption, and we figured our- selves in easy reach of a volcano which was every now and then “ blowing a cone off.” as the telegraphic phrase was. The roof of tlie great market in Naples had just broken in under its load of ashes and cinders, and crushed hundreds of people; and we asked each other if we were not sorry we had not been there, where tlie pressure would have been far less terrific than it was with us in Fifth Avenue. The forbidden butler came up with a message that, there were some gentlemen below who wanted to see Clemens. “ How many ?” he demanded. “ Five,” the butler faltered. “Reporters?” The butler feigned uncertainty. “What would you do?” he asked me. “ I wouldn’t see them,” I said, and then Clemens went directly down to them. How or by what means he ap- peased their voracity. I cannot say, but I fancy it: was by the confession of the exact truth, which was harmless enough. They went away joyfully, and he camo hack in radiant satisfaction with having seen them. Of course he was right and I wrong, and he was right as to the point at issue between Gorky and those who had helplessly treated him with such cruel ignominy. In America it is not the convention for men to live openly in hotels with women who are not their wives. Gorky had violated this conven- tion and he had to pay the penalty; and concerning the destruction of his effi- ciency as an emissary of the revolution, his blunder was worse than a crime. To the period of Clemens’s residence in Fifth Avenue belongs his efflorescence in white serge. He was always rather aggressively indifferent about dress, and at a very early date in our acquaintance Aldrich and I attempted his reform by clubbing to buy him a cravat. But he would not put away his stiff little black bow. and until he imagined the suit of white serge, lie wore always a suit of black serge, truly deplorable in the cut of the sagging frock. After his measure had once been taken he refused to make his clothes the occasion of personal inter- views with his tailor; he sent the stuff by the kind elderly woman who had been iu the service of the family from the earliest days of his marriage, and ac- cepted the result without criticism. But the white serge was an inspiration which few men woidd have had the courage to act upon. The first time I saw him wear it was at the authors’ hearing before the Congressional Committee on Copy- right in Washington. Nothing could have been more dramatic than the gesture with which he flung off his long loose overcoat, and stood forth in white from his feet to the crown of his silvery head. It was a magnificent coup, and he dear- ly loved a coup; but the magnificent speech which he made, tearing to shreds the venerable farrago of nonsense about non-property in ideas which had formed the basis of all copyright legislation, made you forget even his spectacularity. It is well known how proud he was of his Oxford gown, not merely because it symbolized the honor in which he was held by the highest literary body in the world, but because it was so rich and so beautiful. The red and the lavender of the cloth flattered his eye as the silken black of the same degree of Doctor of Letters, given him years before at Yale, could not do. His simple-hearted happi- ness in it, mixed with a due sense of burlesque, was something that those lack- ing his poet-sotil could never imagine; they accounted it vain, weak; but that would not have mattered to him if he had known it. In his London sojourn he had formed the top-hat habit, and for a while he lounged splendidly up and down Fifth Avenue in that society em- blem; but he seemed to tire of it, and to return kindly to the soft hat of his Southwestern tradition. He disliked clubs; I don’t know whether he belonged to any in New York, but I never met him in one. As I have told, he himself had formed the Human Race Club, but as he never could get it together it hardly counted. There was to have been a meeting of it the time of my only visit to Stormfield in April of last- year; but of three who were to have come, I alone came. We got on very well without the absentees, after finding them in the wrong, as usual, and the visit was like those I used to have with him so many years before in Hartford, but there was 528 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. not the old ferment of subjects. Many things had been discussed and put away for good, but we bad our old fondness for nature and for one another, who were so differently parts of it. He showed his ab- solute content with his house, and that was the greater pleasure for ine because it was my son who designed it. The architect had been so fortunate as to be able to plan it where a natural avenue of savins, the close-knit, slender, cypress-like cedars of New England, led away from the rear of the villa to the little level of a per- gola, meant some day to be wreathed and roofed with vines. But in the early spring days all the landscape was in the beauti- ful nakedness of the northern winter. It opened in the surpassing loveliness of wooded and meadowed uplands, under skies that were the first days blue, and the last gray over a rainy and then a snowy floor. We walked up and down, up and down, between the villa terrace and the pergola, and talked with the melancholy amusement, the sad tolerance of age for the sort of men and things that used to excite us or enrage us; now we were far past turbulence or anger. Once we took a walk together across the yellow pastures to a ehasmal creek on his grounds, where the ice still knit the clayey banks together like crystal mosses; and the stream far down clashed through and over the stones and the shards of ice. Clemens pointed out tho scenery he had bought to give himself elbow-room, and showed me the lot he was going to have me build on. The next day we came again with the geologist he hod asked up to Stormfield to analyze its rocks. Truly he loved the place, though he hod been so weary of change and so indifferent to it, that he never saw it till he came to live in it. He left it all to the architect whom he had known from a child in the intimacy which bound our families together, though we bodily lived far enough apart. I loved his little ones and he was sweet to mine and was their delighted-in and wondered-at friend. Once and once again, and yet again and again, the black shadow that shall never be lifted where it falls, fell in his house and in mine, during the forty years and more that we were friends, and endeared us the more to each other. My visit at Stormfield came to an end with tender relucting on his part and on mine. Every morning before I dressed I heard him sounding my name through the house, for the fun of it and I know for the fondness; and if I looked out of my door, tliere he was in his long night- gown swaying up and down the corridor, and wagging his great white head like a boy that leaves his bed and comes out in the hope of frolic with some one. The last morning a soft sugar-snow had fallen and was falling, and 1 drove through it down to the station in the carriage which had l>een given him by his wife’s father when they were first married, and been kept all those intervening years in honorable re- tirement for this final use. Its springs had not grown yielding with time; it had rather the stiffness and severity of age; but for him it must have swung low like the sweet chariot of the negro “ spiritual ” which I lieard him sing with such fervor when those wonderful hymns of the slaves began to make their way northward. Oo down, Daniel, was one in which I can hear his quavering tenor now. He was a lover of the things he liked, and full of a passion for them which satisfied itself in reading them matchlessly aloud. No one con id read Uncle Remus like him; his voice echoed tho voices of the negro nurses who told his childhood the wonderful tales. I remember especially his rapture with Mr. Cable’s Old Creole Days, and tho thrill- ing force with which he gave the for- bidding of the leper’s brother when the city’s survey ran the course of an avenue through the cottage where the leper lived in hiding: “ Strit must not pass!” Out of a nature rich and fertile beyond any I have known, the material given him by the Mystery that makes a man and then leaves him to mako himself over, he wrought a character of high nobility upon a foundation of clear and solid truth. At the last day ho will not have to confess anything, for all his life was tho free knowledge of any one who would ask him of it. The Searcher of hearts will not bring him to shame at that day, for ho did not try to hide any of the things for which ho was often so bitterly sorry. He knew where the Responsibility lay, and he took a man's share of it bravely; but not the less LOVES COMINGS. fearlessly lie left the rest of the answer to the God who had imagined men. It is in vain that I try to give a no- tion of tho intensity with which he pierced to the heart of things, and the breadth of vision with which he com- passed the whole world, and tried for the reason of things, and then left trying. We had other meetings, insignificantly sad and brief; but the last time I saw him alive was made memorable to me by the kind, clear judicial sense with which he explained and justified the labor- unions as the sole present help of the weak against the strong. Next I saw him dead, lying in his coffin amidst those flowers with which we garland our despair in that pitiless hour. After the voice of his old friend Twichell had been lifted in the prayer, which it wailed through in broken- hearted supplication, I looked a moment at the face I knew so well; and it was patient with the patience I had so often seen in it: something of puzzle, a great silent dignity, an assent to what must be, from the depths of a nature whose tragical seriousness broke in the laugh- ter which the unwise took for the whole of him. Emerson, Longfellow, Lowell, Holmes —I knew them all: sages, poets, seers, critics, humorists; they were like each other and like other literary men; but Clemens was sole, incomparable, the Lincoln of our literature. Love’s Comings BY AM ELI E TROUBETZKOY I WHEN I was young, and wanton, wide-eyed Life Teased me from sleeping. Love himself did come Me to console and learn to dream awake. With heavenly toys my pillow he bestrewed. Gifts of Dame Venus in his babyhood: The little mirror that had held her face; A golden shoe that Pegasus had cast; One of her dove’s bright plumes; an irised edge Broke from the shell she lay in at her birth: A rose kissed open by immortal lips. All night I with the pretty baubles played. Then asked his name, not knowing him who he was. “ I am First Love,” quoth he. and straightway fled. n Youth with First Love was gone and Life asleep. But I lay wakeful, lonely even for dreams. When one came suddenly, like a serving king. And smoothed my pillow. Wonderful his eyes As winter waters that enfold a star, No baubles did he bring nor any rose, Put for a sceptre held a branch of thorns Thick studded as with rubies. Trembling sore. “Kind Lord.” I questioned, "who art thou in truth?” Then did lie bend his sceptre to my breast: “ I am Last Love.” he said. “ and I remain.” Vol. CXXl —No. 724.—6« The Secret-Sharer BY JOSEPH CONRAD PART 11. THE skipper of the Sephora had a thin red whisker all round his face, and the sort of complexion that goes with hair of that color; also the particu- lar, rather intense shade of blue in the eyes. lie was not exactly a showy figure; his shoulders were high, his stature but middling1—one leg slightly more bandy than the other. He shook hands, looking vaguely around. A spiritless tenacity was his main characteristic, I judged. I re- ceived him with an icy punctilious polite- ness which seemed to disconcert him. Perhaps he was shy. He mumbled to me as if he were ashamed of what he was saying; gave his name (it was something like Archbold—but at this distance of years I hardly am sure)., his ship’s name, and a few other particulars of that sort, in the manner of a criminal making a reluctant and doleful confession. He had had terrible weather on the passage out— terrible—terrible—wife aboard, too. By this time we were seated in the cabin and the steward brought in a tray with a bottle and glasses. “ Thanks! No.” Never took liquor. Would have some water, though. He drank two tumbler- fuls. Terrible thirsty work. Ever since daylight had been exploring the islands round his ship. “What was that for—fun?” T asked, with an appearance of polite interest. “No!” He sighed. “Painful duty.” As he persisted in his mumbling and I wanted my double to hear every word. I hit upon the notion of informing him that I regretted to say I was hard of hearing. “ Such a young man, too!” he nodded, keeping his smeary blue, unintelligent eyes fastened upon me. “ What was tlie cause of it—some disease?” he inquired, without the least sympathy and as if he thoupht that, if so, I’d got no more than I deserved. “Yes; disease.” T admitted in a cheer- fully polite tone which seemed to shock him. But my point was gained, because he bad to raise his voice to give me his tale. It is not worth while to record that- version. It was just over two months since all this had happened, and he had thought so much about it that he seemed completely muddled as to its bearings, but still immensely impressed. “ What would you think of such a thing happening on board your own ship? I’ve had the Sephora for these fifteen years. I am a well-known shipmaster.” He was densely distressed—and per- haps I should have sympathized with him if I had been able to detach my mental vision from the unsuspected sharer of my cabin as though he were my second self. There he was on the other side of the bulkhead, four or five feet from us, no more, as we sat in the saloon. I looked politely at Captain Archbold (if that was his name), but it was the other I saw, in a gray sleeping-suit, seated on a low stool, his bare feet close together, his arms fold- ed. and every word said between us fall- ing into the cars of his dark head bowed on his chest. “ I have been at sea now, man and boy, for seven-and-thirty years, and I’ve never heard of such a thing happening in an English ship. And that it should be my ship. Wife on lioard, too.” I was hardly listening to him. “ Don’t you think,” I said. “ that the heavy sea which, you told me. came aboard just then might have killed the man ? I have seen the sheer weight of a sea kill a man very neatly, by simply breaking his neck.” “Good God!” he uttered, impressively, fixing his smeary blue eyes on me. “ The sea! No man killed by the sea ever looked like that.” He seemed positively scandal- ized at my suggestion. And as I gazed at. him. certainly not prepared for any- thing original on his part, he advanced his head close to mine and thrust his Wf. /, Ayiu-xrd THE STEWARD BROUGHT IN A TRAY AND GLASSES  TIIE SECRET-SHARER. 531 tongue out at me so suddenly that I could- n't help starting back. After scoring over my calmness in this graphic way he nodded wisely. If I had seen the sight, he assured me, I would never forget it as long as I lived. The weather was too bad to give the corpse a proper sea burial. So next day at dawn they took it up on the poop, covering its face with a bit of bunting; lie read a short prayer, and then, just as it was, in its oil- skins and long boots, they launched it amongst those mountainous seas that seemed ready every moment to swallow up the ship herself and the terrified lives on board of her. “ That reefed foresail saved you,” I threw in. “ Under God—it did,” he exclaimed fer- vently. “ It was by a special mercy, I firmly believe, that it stood some of those hurricane squalls.” “It was the setting of that sail which ...” I began. “ God's own hand in it,” he interrupted me. “Nothing less could have done it. I don’t mind telling you that I hardly dared give the order. It seemed impos- sible that we could touch anything with- out losing it, and then our last hope would have been gone.” The terror of that gale was on him yet. I let him go on for a bit, then said, casu- ally—as if returning to a minor subject: “ You were very nnxious to give up your mate to the shore people, I believe?” He was. To the law. His obscure tenacity on that point had in it something incomprehensible and a little awful; something, as it were, mystical, quite apart from his anxiety that he should not lie suspected of “ countenancing any do- ings of that sort.” Seven-and-thirty vir- tuous years at sea, of which over twenty of immaculate command, and the last fifteen in the Sephora, seemed to have laid him under some pitiless obligation. “And you know,” he went groping shamefacedly amongst, his feelings, “ I did not, engage that young fellow. TTi« people had some interest with my owners. I was in a way forced to take him on. He looked very smart, very gentlemanly, and nil that. But do you know—I never liked him. somehow. I am a plain man. ^ ou see. he wasn’t exactly the sort for the ehief mate of a ship like tlie Sephora." I had become so connected in thoughts and impressions with tho secret occupant of my cabin that I felt as if I, personally, were being given to understand that I, too, was not the sort that would have done for the chief mate of a ship like the Sep- hora. I had 110 doubt of it in my mind. “ Not at all the style of man. You un- derstand,” he insisted, superfluously, look- ing hard at me. I smiled urbanely. He seemed at a loss for a while. “ I suppose I must report a suicide.” “ Beg pardon ?” “ Sui-cide! That’s what I’ll have to write to my owners directly I get in.” “ Unless you manage to recover him lie- fore to-morrow,” I assented, dispassion- ately. . . . “ I mean, alive.” lie mumbled something which I really did not catch, and I turned my ear to him in a puzzled manner. He fairly bawled: “ The land—I say, the mainland is at least seven miles off my anchorage.” “ About that.” My lack of excitement, of curiosity, of surprise, of any sort of pronounced in- terest, began to arouse his distrust. But except for the felicitous pretence of deaf- ness I had not tried to pretend to any- thing. I had felt utterly incapable of playing the part of ignorance properly, and therefore was afraid to try. It is also certain that he had brought some ready-made suspicions with him, and that he viewed my cold politeness as a strange and unnatural phenomenon. And yet how else could I have received him? Heartily? That was impossible for psychological reasons, which I need not state here. My only object was to keep off his inquiries. Surliness might have provoked a point- blank question. From its novelty to him and from its nature, a chilly, distant courtesy was the manner best calculated to restrain the man. But there was the danger of his breaking through my de- fence bluntly. I could not, I think, have met him by a direct lie, also for psycho- logical (not moral) reasons. If he had only known how afraid I was of his put- ting my feeling of identity with the other to the test! But. strangely enough—(I thought of it only afterward)—I believe that he was not a little disconcerted by the reverse side of that weird situation, by something in nie that reminded him of 532 HARPER'S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. the man he was seeking—suggested a mysterious similitude to the young fel- low he had distrusted and disliked from the first. However that might have been, the silence was not very prolonged. Then he took another oblique step. “ I reckon I had no more than a two- mile pull to your ship. Not a bit more.” “ And quite enough, too, in this awful heat,” I said. Another pause full of mistrust followed. Necessity, they say, is mother of inven- tion. but fear, too, is not barren of in- genious suggestions. And I was afraid he would ask me point-blank for news of my other self. “Nice little cabin, isn’t it?” I re- marked, as if noticing for the first time the way his eyes roamed from one closed door to the other. “ And very well fitted out, too. Here, for instance,” I con- tinued, reaching over the back of my seat negligently and flinging the door open, “ is my bath-room.” He made on eager movement, but hardly gave it a glance, i got up, shut the door of the bath-room, and invited him to have a look round, as if I were very proud of my accommodation. He had to rise and be shown round, but lie went through the business without any raptures whatever. “ And now we’ll have a look at my stateroom,” I declared, in a voice as loud as I dared to make it, crossing the cabin to the starboard side with purposely heavy steps. He followed me in and gazed around. My intelligent double had vanished. I played niv part. “Very convenient—isn’t it?” “ Very nice. Very comf . . .” He didn’t finish, and went out brusquely as if to escape from some unrighteous wiles of mine. But it was not to be. I had been too frightened not to feel vengeful; I felt I had him on the run, and I meant to keep him on the run. My polite in- sistence must have had something men- acing in it. because he gave in suddenly. And I did not let him off a single item; mate’s mom. pantry, storerooms, the very sail-looker which was also under the poop —he had to look into them all. When at last I showed him out on tlie quarter- deck he drew a long, spiritless sigh, and mumbled dismally that he must really be going back to his ship now. I desired my mate, who had joined us, to see to the captain’s boat. The man of mustaches gave a blast on the whistle which lie used to wear hanging round his neck. “ Sephora’s away!” My double down there in my cabin must have heard, and certainly could not feel more relieved than I. Four fellows came run- ning out from somewhere forward and went over tlie side, while my own men, appearing on deck too, lined tlie rail. I escorted my visitor to tlie gangway cere* moniously, and nearly overdid it. He was a tenacious beast. On the very ladder he lingered, and in that unique, guiltily conscientious manner of sticking to the point: “ I say . . . you . . . you don’t think that . . I covered his voice loudly. “ Certainly not. . . . Quite the con- trary. Good-by.” I had no idea of what he meant to say, but it was the privilege of the defective hearing. He was too shaken generally to insist, but my mate, close witness of that parting, looked mystified and his face took on a thoughtful cast. As I did not want to appear os if I wished to avoid all com- munication with my officers, he had the opportunity to address me. “ Seems a very nice man. His boat's crew told our chaps a very extraordinary story, if what I am told by the steward is true. I suppose you had it from tlie cap- tain, sir?” “Yes. I had a story from the captain.” “A very horrible affair—isn’t it, sir?" “ It is.” “ Beats all these tales we hear about murders in Yankee ships.’’ “ I don’t think it beats them. I don't think it resembles them in the least.” “ Bless my soul—-you don’t say so! But of course I’v| no acquaintance whatever with American ships, not I, so I couldn’t go against your knowledge. It’s horrible enough for me. . . . But the queerest part is that those fellows seemed to have some iilea the man was aboard here. They had really. Did you ever hear of such a thing ?” “Preposterous—isn’t it?” We were walking to and fro athwart the quarter-deck. No one of tlie crew forward could lie seen (the day was Sunday), and the mate pursued: TIIE SECRET-SHARER. 533 “ There was some Little dispute about it. Our chaps took offence. ‘ As if we would harbor a thing- like that,’ they said. * Wouldn’t you like to look for him in our coal-hole V Quite a tiff. But they made it up in tlie end. 1 suppose he did drown himself. Don’t you, sir ?” “I don’t suppose anything.” “You liave uo doubt in tlie mat- ter, sir ?” “ None whatever.” I left him suddenly. I felt I was pro- ducing a bad impression, but with my double down there it was most trying to be on deck. And it was almost as trying to be below. Altogether a nerve-trying situation. But on the whole I felt less torn in two when I was with him. There was no one in tlie whole ship whom I dared take into my confidence. Sinee the hands had got to know his story, it would have been impossible to pass him off for any ouo else, and an accidental discovery was to be dreaded now more than ever. . . . The steward being engaged in laying the table for dinner, we could talk only with our eyes when I first went down. Later in the afternoon we had a cautions try at whispering. The Sunday quietness of the ship was against us; the stillness of air and water around her was against us; the elements, the men were against us—■everything was against us in our secret partnership; time itself—for this could not go on forever. The very trust in Providence was, I suppose, denied to his guilt. Shall I confess that this thought cast me down very much ? And as to the chapter of accidents which counts for so much in the book of success. I could only hope that it was closed. For what favorable accident could be expected ? “Did you hear anything?” were my first words as soon as we took up our position side by side, leaning over my bed-plnce. ne had. And the proof of it was his earnest whisper, “ The man told yon he hardly dared to give the order.” I understood the reference to be to that saving foresaiL “Yes. He was afraid of it being lost in the setting.” “I assure you he never gave the order. He may think be did, but he never gave it. He stood there with me on the break of the poop after the maintopsail blew away. and whimpered about our last hope— positively whimpered about it and noth- ing else—and the night coining on! To hear one's skipper go on like that in such weather was enough to drive any fellow out of his mind. It worked me up into a sort of desperation. I just took it into my own hands and went away from him, boiling, and . . . But what’s the use tell- ing you I You know! ... Do you think that if I had not been pretty fierce with them I should have got the men to do any- thing? Not itl Tho bo's’n perhaps? Perhaps 1 It wasn't a heavy sea—it was a sea gone mad! I suppose the end of the world will be something like that; and a man may have tho heart to see it coming once and be done with it—but to have to face it day after day ... I don’t blame anybody. I was precious little better than the rest. Only—I was an officer of that old coal-wagon, anyhow. . . “ I quite understand,” I conveyed that sincere assurance into his ear. He was out of breath with whispering; I could hear him pant slightly. It was all very simple. The same strung-up force which had given twenty-four men a chance, at least, for their lives, had. in a sort of recoil, crushed out an unworthy muti- nous existence. But I had no leisure to weigh the merits of the matter—footsteps in tho saloon, a heavy knock. “ There’s enough wind to get. under way with, sir.” There was tlie call of a new claim upon my thoughts and even upon my feelings. “ Turn the hands up,” I cried through the door. “ I’ll be on deck directly.” I was going out to make the acquaint- ance of my ship. Before I left the cabin our eyes met—tlie eyes of the only two strangers on board. I pointed to the re- cessed part where the little camp-stool awaited him nnd laid my finger on my lips. He made a gesture—somewhat vague—a little mysterious, accompanied by a faint smile, as if of regret. This is not the place to enlarge upon tlie sensations of a man who feels for the first time a ship move under his feet to his own independent word. In my case they were not unalloyed. I was not wholly alone with my command; for there was that stranger in my cabin. Or rather, I was not completely and wholly with her. Part of me was absent- That mental 534 HARPER'S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. feeling of being in two places at once affected me physically as if the mood of secrecy had penetrated my very soul. Be- fore an hour had elapsed since the ship had begun to move, having occasion to ask the mate (he stood by my side) to take a compass bearing of the Pagoda. I caught myself reaching up to his ear in whispers. I say I caught myself, but enough had escaped to be caught by the man. I can’t describe it otherwise than by saying that he shied. A grave, preoc- cupied manner, as though he were in pos- session of some perplexing intelligence, did not leave him henceforth. A little later I moved away from the rail to look at the compass with such a stealthy gait that the helmsman noticed it—and I could not help noticing the unusual roundness of his eyes. These are trifling instances, though it’s to no commander’s advantage to be suspected of ludicrous eccentricities. But I was also more seriously affected. There are to a seaman certain words, ges- tures, that should in given conditions come as naturally, as instinctively as the wink- ing of a menaced eye. A certain order shoidd spring on to his lips without think- ing; a certain sign should get itself made, so to speak, without reflection. But all unconscious alertness had abandoned me. I had to make an effort of will to recall myself back (from the cabin) to the con- ditions of the moment. I felt that I was appearing an irresolute commander to those people who were watching me more or less critically. And, besides, there were the scares. On the second day out, for instance, coming off the deck in the afternoon (I had straw slippers on my bare feet) I stopped at the open pantry door and spoke to the steward. He was doing something there with his back to me. At the sound of my voice he nearly jumped out of his skin, as the saying is, and incidentally broke a cup. “ What on earth’s the matter with you?’’ I asked, astonished. He was extremely confused. “ Beg your pardon, sir. I made sure you wero in your cabin.” “You see I wasn’t.” “No, sir. I could have sworn I had heard you moving in there not a moment ago. It’s most extraordinary . . . very sorry, sir.” I passed on with an inward shudder. I was so identified with my secret double that I did not even mention the fact in those scanty, fearful whispers we ex- changed. I suppose he had made some slight noise of some kind or other. It. would have been miraculous if he hadn’t at one time or another. And yet, haggard as he appeared, he looked always perfectly self-controlled, more than calm—almost invulnerable. On my suggestion he re- mained almost entirely in the bath-room, which, upon the whole, was the safest place. There could l>e really no shadow of an excuse for any one ever wanting to go in there, once the steward had done with it. It was a very tiny place. Some- times he reclined on the floor, his legs bent, his head sustained on one elbow. At others I would find him on the camp- stool, sitting in his gray sleeping-suit and cropped dark hair like a patient, unmoved convict. At night I would smuggle him into my bed-place, and we would whisper together, with the regular footfalls of the officer on the watch passing and repassing over our heads. It was an infinitely mis- erable time. It was lucky that some tins of fine preserves were stowed in a locker in my stateroom; hard bread I could al- ways get hold of; and so he lived on stewed chicken, pate de foies gras, aspara- gus. cooked oysters, sardines—on all sorts of abominable sham delicacies out of tins. The early morning coffee he always drank; and it was all I dared do for him in that way. Every day there was the horrible manoeuvring to go through so that my room and then the bath-room should be done in the usual way. I came to hate the sight of the steward, to abhor tho voice of that harmless man. I felt that it was he who would bring on the disaster of discov- ery. It hung like a sword over our heads. The fourth day out. T think (we were then working down the east side of the Gulf of Siam, tack for tack, in light winds and smooth water)—the fourth day. I say. of this miserable juggling with the unavoidable, as we sat at our evening meal, that man, whose slightest movement I dreaded, after putting down tlie dishes ran up on deck busily. This could not be dangerous. Presently he came down again; and then it appeared that he had remembered a coat of mine which I had thrown over a rail to dry after having THE SECRET-SIIARER 535 been wetted in a shower which had passed over the ship in the afternoon. Sitting stolidly at the head of the table I be- came terrified at the sight of the garment on his arm. Of course he made for my door. There was no time to lose. “ Steward.” I thundered. My nerves were so shaken that I could not govern my voice and conceal my agitation. This was the sort of thing that made my terrific- ally mustachioed mate tap his forehead with his forefinger. I had caught a sight of him using that gesture while talking on deck with a confidential air to the car- penter. It was too far to hear a word, but I had no doubt that this pantomime could only refer to the strange new captain. “ Yes, sir,” the pale-faced steward turned resignedly to me. It was this mad- dening course of beiug shouted at, checked without rhyme or reason, arbi- trarily chased out of my cabin, suddenly called into it, sent flying out of his pantry on incomprehensible errands, that ac- counted for the growing wretchedness of his expression. “ Where are you going with that coot?” “To your room, sir.” “ Is there another shower coming?” “ I'm sure I don’t know, sir. Shall I go up agnin and see, sir?” “ No I never mind.” My object was attained, as of course my other self in there would have heard everything that passed. During this interlude my two officers never raised their eyea off their respective plates; but the lip of that confounded cub, the second mate, quivered visibly. I expected the steward to hook my coat on and come out at once. He was very slow about it.; but I dominated my nerv- ousness sufficiently not to shout after him. Suddenly I became a wore (it could be heard plainly enough) that the fellow for some reason or other was opening the door of the bath-room. It was the end. Tlie place was literally not big enough to swing a cat in. My voice died in my throat and I went stony all over. I ex- pected to hear a yell of surprise and ter- ror, and made a movement, but had not the strength to get on my legs. Every- thing remained still. Had my second self taken the poor wretch by the throat ? I don’t know what I would have done next moment if I had not seen the steward come out of my room, close the door, and then stand quietly by the sideboard. “ Saved,” I thought. “ But, no I Lost I Gone! He was gone!” I laid my knife and fork down and leaned back in my chair. My head swam. After a while, when sufficiently recovered to speak in a steady voice, I instructed my mate to put the ship round at eight o’clock himself. “I won’t come on deck,” I went on. “ I think I'll turn in, and unless the wind shifts I don't want to be disturbed before midnight. I feel a bit seedy.” “ You did look middling bad a little while ago,” the chief mate remarked without showing any great concern. They both went out, and I stared at the steward clearing the table. There was nothing to be read on that wretched man’s face. But why did he avoid my eyes? I asked myself. Then I thought I should like to hear the sound of his voice. “Steward!” “ Sir I” Startled as usual. “ Where did you hang up that coat ?” “ In the bath-room, sir.” The casual anx- ious tone. “ It’s not quite dry yet, sir.” For some time longer I sat in the cuddy. Had my double vanished as he had come? But of his coming there was an explana- tion, whereas his disappearance would be inexplicable. ... I went slowly into my dark room, shut the door, lighted the lamp, and for a time dared not turn round. When at last I did I saw him standing bolt-upright in the narrow recessed part. It would not be true to say I had a shock, but an irresistible doubt of his bodily existence flitted through my mind. Can it be, I asked myself, that he is not visible to other eyes than mine? It was like be- ing haunted. Motionless, with a grave face, he raised his hands slightly at me in a gesture which meant clearly, “ Heavens! what a narrow escape!” Narrow in- deed. T think I had come creeping quietly as near insanity as any man who has not actually gone over the border. That ges- ture restrained me, so to speak. The mate with the terrific mustaches was now putting the ship on the other tack; and in the moment of profound silence which follows upon the hands go- ing to their stations I heard on the poop his raised voice: “Hard alee!” and the HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. distant shout of the order repeated on the maindeck. The sails, in that light breeze, made but a faint fluttering noise. It ceased. The ship was coming round slow- ly; I held my breath in the renewed still- ness of expectation; one wouldn’t have thought that there was a single living soul on her decks. A sudden brisk shout, “Mainsail haul!” broke the spell, and in the noisy cries and rush overhead of the men running away with tho main-brace we two, down in my cabin, came together in our usual position by the bed-plaee. He did not wait for my question. “ I heard him fumbling here and just man- aged to squat myself down in the bath,” he whispered to me. “ The fellow only opened the door and put his head in to hang the coat up. All the same . . .” “ I never thought of that,” I whispered back, even more appalled than before at the closeness of the shave, and marvelling at that something unyielding in his char- acter which was carrying him through so finely. There was no agitation in his whisper. Whoever was being driven dis- tracted, it was not lie. He was sane. And the proof of his sanity was continued when he took up the whispering again. “ It would never do for me to come to life again.” It was something that a ghost might have said. But what he was alluding to was his old captain’s reluctant admission of the theory of suicide. It would obviously serve his turn—if I had understood at all the view which seemed to govern the un- alterable purpose of his action. “ You must maroon me as soon as ever you can get amongst these islands off the Cambodje shore,” he went on. “Maroon you! We are not living in a boy’s adventure tale,” I protested. His scornful whispering took me up. “ We aren’t indeed! There’s nothing of a boy’s tale in this. But there’s nothing else for it. I want no more. You don’t suppose T am afraid of what can be done to me ? Prison or gallows or whatever they may please. But you don’t see me coming back to explain such things to an old fel- low in a wig and twelve respectable trades- men, do you ? What can they know whether I am guilty or not—or of what I am guilty, either? That’s my affair. What does the Bible say? Driven off the face of the earth.’ Very well. 1 am off the face of the earth now. As I came at night so I shall go.” “Impossible!” I murmured. “You can’t.” “ Not ? . . . Not naked like a soul on the Day of Judgment. I will freeze on to this sleeping-suit. The Last Day is not yet—and . . . you have understood thor- oughly. Didn’t you ?” I felt suddenly ashamed of myself. I may say truly that I understood—and my hesitation in letting that man swim away from my ship’s side had been a mere sliam sentiment, a sort of cowardice. “ It can’t be done now till next night,” I breathed out. “ Tlie ship is on the off- shore tack and the wind may fail us.” “ As long as you know that you under- stand,” he whispered. “ But of course you do. It’s a great satisfaction to have got somebody to understand. You seem to have been there on purpose.” And in the same whisper, as if we two whenever we talked had to say things to each other which were not fit for the world to hear, he added, “ It’s very wonderful.” We remained side by side talking in our secret way—but sometimes silent or just exchanging a whispered word or two at long intervals. And as usual he stared through the port. A breath of wind came now and again into our faces. The ship might have been moored in dock, so gently and on an even keel she slipped through the water, that did not murmur even at our passage, shadowy and silent like a phantom sea. At midnight I went on deck, and to my mate’s great surprise put the ship round on the other tack. Ilis terrible mustaches flitted round me in silent criticism. I certainly should not have done it if it had been only a question of getting out of that sleepy gulf as quickly as possible. I believe he told tho second mate, who re- lieved him, that it was a great want of judgment. The other only yawned. That intolerable cub shuffled about so sleepily and lolled against the rails in such a slack, improper fashion that I came down on him sharply. “ Aren’t you properly awake yet ?” “Yes, sir! I am awake.” “ Well, then, be good enough to hold yourself as if you were. And keep a look-' out. Tf there’s any current we’ll bo clos- ing with some islands before daylight.” ON THE VERY LADDER HE LINGERED IlAItFKR’S .MONTHLY MAGAZINE. The east side of the gulf is fringed with islands, some solitary, others in groups. On the blue background of the high coast they seem to float on silvery patches of calm water, arid and gray, or dark green and rounded like clumps of evergreen bushes, with the larger ones, a mile or two long, showing the outlines of ridges, ribs of gray rock under tlie dank mantle of matted leafage. Unknown to trade, to travel, almost, to geography, the manner of life they harbor is an unsolved secret. There must be villages—settlements of fishermen at least—on the largest of them, and some communication with the world is probably kept up by native craft. But all that day. as we headed for them, fanned along by the faintest of breezes, I saw no sign of man or canoe in the field of tlie telescope J kept on pointing at the scat- tered group. At noon I gave no orders for a change of course, and the mate’s mustaches be- came much concerned and seemed to be offering themselves unduly to my notice. At last I said: “ 1 am going to stand right in. Quite in—as far as I can take her.” The stare of extreme surprise imparted an air of ferocity also to his eyes, and he looked truly terrific for a moment. “ We’re not doing well in the mid- dle of tho gulf,” I continued, casually. “ I am going to look for the land breezes to-night.” “Bless my soul! Do you mean, sir, in the dark amongst the lot of all them is- lands and reefs and shoals?” “ Well—if there are any regular land breezes at all on this coast one must get close inshore to find them, mustn’t one?” “Bless my soul!” he exclaimed again under his breath. All that afternoon he wore a dreamy, contemplative appearance which in him was a mark of perplexity. After dinner T went into my stateroom as if I meant to take some rest. There we two bent our dark heads over a half- unrolled chart lying on my bed. “ There,” I said. “ It’s got to be Koli- ring. I’ve been looking at it ever since sunrise. It has got two hills and a low point. Tt must be inhabited. And on the coast opposite there is what looks like the mouth of a biggish river—with some town, no doubt, not far up. Tt’s the best chance for you that I can see.” “Anything. Koh-ring let it l>e.” He looked thoughtfully at the chart as if surveying chances and distances from a lofty height—and following with his eyes his own figure wandering on the blank land of Cochin-China, and then passing off that piece of paper clean out of sight into uncharted regions. And it was as if the ship had two captains to plan her course for her. I had been so worried and restless running up and down that I had not had the patience to dress that day. I had remained in my sleeping- suit, with straw slippers and a soft floppy hat. The closeness of the heat in the gulf had been most oppressive, nnd the crew were used to see me wandering in that airy attire. “ She will clear the south point as she heads now,” I whispered into his ear. “Goodness only knows when, though, but certainly after dark. I'll edge her in to half a mile, as far as T may be able to judge in the dark. . . .” “ Be careful,” he murmured, warningly —and I realized suddenly that all my future, the only future for which I was fit, would perhaps go irretrievably to pieces in any mishap to my first command. I could not stop a moment longer in the room. I motioned him to get out of sight and made my way on the poop. That unplayful cub had the watch. I walked up and down for a while thinking things out, then beckoned him over. “ Send a couple of hands to open the two quarter-deck ports,” I said, mildly. He actually had the impudence, or else so forgot himself in his wonder at such an incomprehensible order, as to repeat: “ Open the quarter-deck ports! Wliat for. sir?” “ The only reason you need concern yourself about is because I told you so. Have them open wide and fastened properly.” Ho reddened and went off. but I be- lieve, made some jeering remark to the carpenter as to the sensible practice of ventilating a ship’s quarter-deck. T know he popped into the mate’s cabin to im- part the fact to him. because the mus- taches came on deck, as it were, by chance, and stole glances at me from below—for signs of lunacy or drunkenness. I suppose. A little before supper, feeling nioro restless than ever. I rejoined, for a mo- T11E 8 EC K ET-SJ1AIiEK. im'iit, my second self. And to find him sitting so quietly was surprising, like something agaiust nature, inhuman. I developed iny plan in a hurried whisper. “ 1 shall stand in as close as I dare and then put her round. I shall presently find means to smuggle you out of here into the sail-locker, which communicates with I Ik* lobby. Hut there is an opening, a sort nf square for hauling the sails out, which gives straight on the quarter-deck and which is never closed in fine weather, so as to give air to the sails. When the ship’s way is deadened in stays and all the hands are aft at the nmin-hraees you shall have a clear road to slip out and get. over- board through the open quarter-deck port. I've had them both fastened up. Use a rope’s end to lower yourself into the water so as to avoid a splash—you know. It could be heard and cause some beast- ly complication.” He kept silent fur a while, then whis- pered, “ I understand.” “ I won’t be there to see you go,” I be- gan with an effort. “The rest ... I only hope I have understood, too.” “You have. From first to last”—and for the first time there seemed to be a fal- tering, something strained in his whisper. 11<' caught hold of my arm, but the ring- ing of the supper bell made me start. He didn’t, though; he only released his grip. After supper I didn’t come below again till well past eight o'clock. The faint, steady breeze was loaded with dew; and the wet. darkened sails held all there was of propelling power in it. The night, clear and starry, sparkled darkly, and the opaque, lightless patches shifting slowly against the low stars were the drifting islets. On the port bow there was a big cite more distant and shadowily imposing b.v the great space of sky it eclipsed. On opening the door I had a hack view of my very own self looking at a chart. He had come out of the recess and was standing near the fable. “Quite dark enough,” I whispered. He stepped back and leaned against my bed with a level, quiet glance. T sat on tin- couch. We had nothing to say to each "ther. Over our heads the. officer of the 'vatch moved here and there. Then I heard him move quickly. I knew what •hat meant. He was making for the com- panion; and presently his voice was out- side my door. “ We are drawing in pretty fast, sir. Land looks rather close.” “ Very well,” 1 answered. “ I am com- ing on deck directly.” I waited till he was gone out of the cuddy, then rose. My double moved too. The time hail come to exchange our last whispers, for neither of us was ever to hear each other’s natural voice. “ Look here!” I opened a drawer and look out three sovereigns. “Take this, anyhow. I've got six and I'd give you the lot. only I must keep a little money to buy some fruit and vegetables for the crew from native boats as we go through Sunda Straits.” He shook his head. “ Take it,” I urged him, whispering desperately. “ No one can tell what . . .” lie smiled and slapped meaningly the only pocket of the sleeping-jacket. It was not safe, certainly. But I produced a large old silk handkerchief of mine, and tying the three pieces of gold in a corner, pressed it on him. He was touched. I suppose, because he took it at last and tied it quickly round his waist under the jacket, on his bare skin. Our eyes met; several seconds elapsed, till, our glances still mingled. T extend- ed my hand and turned the lamp out. Then I passed through the cuddy, leav- ing the door of my room wide open. . . . “ Steward!” He was still lingering in tlie pantry in the greatness of his zeal, giving a rub-up to a plated cruet stand tlie last thing be- fore going to bed. Being careful not to wake up the mate, whose room was op- I»osite. I spoke in an undertone. He looked round anxiously. “Sir!” “ Can you get me a little hot water from the galley?” “ I am afraid, sir. the galley fire’s been out for some time now.” “ Go and see.” He fled up the stairs. “ Now.” I whispered, loudly, into the saloon—too loudly, perhaps, but I was afraid T couldn’t make a sound. He was by my side in an instant—tho double oap- taiu slipped past the stairs—through a tiny dark passage . . . n sliding door. We were in the sail-locker, scrambling on our knees over the sails. A sudden thought 540 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. struck in-'. I saw myself wandering bare- footed, bareheaded, the sun beating on my dark poll. I snatched off my floppy hat and tried hurriedly in tlie dark to ram it on my other self. He dodged and fend- ed off silently. I wonder what he thought had come to me liefore he understood and suddenly desisted. Our hands met grop- ingly. lingered united in a steady, motion- less clasp for a second. ... No word was breathed by either of us when they separated. I was standing quietly by the pantry door when the steward returned. “ Sorry, sir. Kettle barely warm. Shall I light the spirit-lamp?” “ Never mind.” I came out on deck slowly. It was now a matter of conscience to shave the land as close as possible—for now he must go overboard whenever the ship was put in stays. Must! There could lie no going back for him. After n moment I walked over to leeward and my heart flew into my mouth at the nearness of the land on the bow. Under any other circumstances T would not have held on a minute longer. The second mate had followed me anxiously. T looked on till I felt 1 could command my voice. “ She will weather,” I said then in a quiet tone. “Are you going to try that, sir?” he stammered out incredulously. I took no notice of him and raised my tone just enough to be heard by the helmsman. “Keep her good full.” “ Good full, sir.” The wind fanned my cheek, the sails slept, the world was silent. The strain of watching the dark loom of the land grow bigsrer and denser was too much for me. I had shut, my eyes—because the ship must go closer. She must! The stillness Mas intolerable. Were we standing still? When I opened my eyes the second view started my heart with a thump. The black southern hill of Koh-ring seemed to hang right over the ship like a towering frag- ment of the everlasting night. On that enormous mass of blackness there was not a gleam to be seen, not a sound to be heard. It was gliding Irresistibly toward us and yet seemed already within reach of the baud. I saw the vague figures of the watch grouped in the waist, gazing in awed silence. “ Are you going on, sir,” inquired an unsteady voice at my elbow. I ignored it. I had to go on. “Keep her full. Don’t check her way. That won’t do now,” I said, warningly. “ I can’t see the sails very well,” the helmsman answered me, in strange, qua- vering tones. Was she close enough? Already she was. I won’t say in the shadow of the land, but in the very blackness of it, already swallowed up as it. were, gone too close to lie recalled, gone from me altogether. “ Give the mate a call,” I said to the young man who stood at my elbow as still as death. “ And turn all hands up.” My tone had a borrowed loudness re- verberated from the height of the land. Several voices cried out together: “ We are all on deck, sir.” Then stillness again, with the great shadow gliding closer, towering higher, without a light, without a sound. Such a lnish had fallen on the ship that she might have been a hark of the dead floating in slowly under the very gate of Erebus. “ My God! Where are we j” It was the mate moaning at my cIImiw. He was thunderstruck, and as it were deprived of the moral support of his mustaches. He clapped his hands and absolutely cried out. “ Lost!” “ lie quiet.” I said, sternly. He lowered bis tone, but I saw the shadowy gesture of his despair. “ What are we doing here?” “ Looking for the land wind.” He made as if to tear his hair, ami addressed me recklessly. “ She will never get out. You have done it, sir. I knew it ’d end in some- thing like this. She will never weather, and you are too close now to stay. She’ll drift ashore before she’s round. O my God!” 1 caught his arm as he was raising it to batter his poor devoted head, and shook it violently. “ She’s ashore already.” he wailed, try- ing to tear himself away. “Ts she? . . . Keep good full there!” “Good full, sir,” cried tlie helmsman in a frightened, thin, ehild-like voice. T hadn’t let go the mate’s arm and went on shaking it. “ Ready about, do you THE SECRET-SIIARER. bear? You go forward”—shake—“and stop there”—shako—“and hold your noise ”—shake—“ and see these head- sheets properly overhauled " — shake, shake—shake. Anil all the time I dared not look toward the land lest my heart should fail me. I released my grip at last and he ran forward as if fleeing for dear life. 1 wondered what my double there in the sail-loeker thought of this commo- tion. lie was able to hear everything— nnd perhaps he was ablo to understand why. on my conscience, it had to be thus close—no less. My first order “ Hard alee!” re-echoed ominously under the towering shadow of Koh-ring as if I had shouted in n mountain gorge. And then I watched the land intently. In that smooth water and light wind it was im- possible to feel the ship coming-to. No! I could not feel her. And my second self was making now ready to slip out and lower himself overboard. Perhaps he was gone already . . .? The great black mass brooding over our very mastheads began to pivot away from the ship’s side silently. And now I forgot the secret stranger ready to de- part. and remembered only that I was a total stranger to the ship. I did not know her. Would she do it? How was she to he handled? I swung the mainyard and waited help- lessly. She was perhaps stopped, and her very fate hung in the balance, with the black mass of Koh-ring like the gate of the everlasting night, towering over her taffrail. What would she do now? Had she way on her yet? I stepped to the side swiftly, and on the shadowy water I could see nothing except a faint phosphorescent, flash revealing the glassy smoothness of sleeping surface. It. was impossible to tell—and T had not learned yet the feel of my ship. Was she mov- ing? What was wanted was something easily seen, a piece of paper, which I Could throw overboard and watch. T had nothing on me. To run down for it I didn’t dare. There was no time. All at once my forced, yearning stare dis- tinguished a white object floating within n yard of the ship’s side. White on the black water. A phosphorescent flash passed under it. What was that thing? •	. . I recognized my own floppy hat. It must have fallen off his head . . . and hi- didn't bother. Now I had what I wanted—the saving mark for my eyes. But I hardly thought of my other self, now gone from the ship, to be hidden forever from all friendly faces, to be a fugitive ami a vagabond on the earth, with no brand of the curse on his sane forehead to stay a slaying hand . . . too proud to explain. And T watched the hat—the expression of my sudden pity for his mere flesh. It had been meant to save his homeless head from the dangers of the sun? And now— behold—it was saving the ship, by serving me for a mark to help out the ignorance of my strangeness. Ha! It was drifting forward, warning me just in time that the ship had gathered sternway. “Shift the helm,” I said in a low voice to the seaman standing still like a statue. The man’s eyes glistened wildly in the binnacle light as he jnmjied round to the other side and spun round the wheel. I walked to the break of the poop. On the overshadowed deck all hands stood by the forebraees waiting for my order. All the stars ahead seemed to l>e gliding from right to left. And all was so quiet in the world that I heard the remark “ She’s round.” passed in a tone of intense relief between two seamen. “ Let go and haul.” The foreyards ran round with a great noise, amidst cheery cries. And now the frightful mustaches were being heard giving various orders. Already the ship was drawing ahead. And I was alone with her. Nothing! no one in the world should stand now between us, throwing a shadow on the way of silent knowledge nnd mute affection, the perfect commun- ion of a seaman with his first command. Walking to tho taffrail, T was in time to make out, on the very edge of a dark- ness thrown by a towering black mass like the very gateway of Erebus—yes, I was in time to catch an evanescent glimpse of my white hat left behind to mark the spot where the secret-sharer of my cabin and of my thoughts, as though lie were my second self, had lowered him- self into the water to take his punish- ment. a free man, a proud swimmer striking out for a new destiny. THE END. Steamers disgorging their Cargoes “In Port” BY GEORGE HARDING THE liner Ardmore, lying at her dock in Philadelphia one blustry winter morning, was a storm-scarred craft —Standing out as such from the snow- covered docks and the drifting floes on the river beyond. She was just in— the breaking seas had recorded their height 011 the ice-sheathed masts and rigging. and the pale had whipped this same spray along her length, enshrouding the rails ami decks in a mass of ice. Men were chopping the ice from the hatch-coverings, to land the trunks of the passenger^. who stood shivering on the dock waiting for the customs to examine their baggage. T crossed her treacherous deck and went down the alleyway to the second engineer’s room. Some one turned in the bunk as I opened tho door, ami a familiar voice, which I failed to recog- nize on the instant, drawled in a sleepy fashion, “ Are we in dock yet ?” By that time T made out in the dim- ness of the room Barnes, second engineer on 1 he British Prince, with whom I had spent a roaring last night ashore some ten days ago. Such was my surprise that I remember a breath of wind would have knocked me over. A minute later Barnes was dangling his legs over the edge of the bunk and telling me about it. “ The old Prince is gone,” he began; •IN PORT” .-.43 “ she Ivin’ in a couple hiui- dred fathoms o’ tumblin’ water a hundred miles to the east’ard o’ Cape Sable Islam!. This steamer hove in sight on Friday night and took us ofT before she went down.” I propped myself on the wash-stand and fired ques- tions at him. lie began giving details, such as had become impressed on his mind. Particularly did he condemn the luck of losing the vessel. The whole engine- room force had slaved twen- ty hours making repairs; tho seas rolled the ship so that they had to work with one hand and hang on with the other. “ Then, mind you,” he went on, “we were repaired and just gettin’ under way. when the blasted steerin’- gear locked. A couple o’ swopin’ seas took her broad- side on and hove her over. The cargo shifted to lee’ard and held her down, liftin’ the seacocks above water. There was nothin’ to do but stop the engine again, this time for lack of water in the condenser. Down in the engine-room we waited orders. The poundin' seas was loosenin’ her plates. The water came in. gettin’ nearer and nearer to the fires, and at last puttin’ ’em out. She was smotherin' in the eross-seas. We could hear the noise of the bellowin’ cattle on deck as the seas washed over and pounded them hack and forth. The old man ordered us up on deck, where they was havin’ their own time fightin’ it out. The Ardmore was in sight, and we sinkin’ fast. The old Prinre looked like a junk- pile above decks—listed over, tin* rail alonir the how twisted off. the canvas weather-sheets and side of bridge missin’, a dented stack, and the only life-boat left hi the chocks stove in. I went aI»oard the Ardmore in the second boat she sent Its. It was a question in my mind which was lw-st ehosin’—the Prinre or the life- boat we was in. We boarded tliis'n all right. They took the last half-dozen off tMb Ship's Officer after nightfall. From the Ardmore we saw a few lights movin’, and above the wind heard the bellow of the cattle. The last crowd said the sea was strewn with the wreckage, the cattle was swimmin’ around among oil-barrels and disappear- in’ as the sharks pulled them under. “ Aboard this we stowed away all right. Our old man put tip with the Ardmore’s. All our gansr o’ cattlemen anil firemen are in the steerage quarters. I turned in Washing Up with Jim. borrowed some of his clothes, and used his hunk while ho was 011 duty." Barnes was finishing his story when my friend the Ardmore's second caine in; off duty now that tho ship was safely docked. He held out his greasy hand in greeting to me. and I grasped it about the wrist, wliere the grime was less. “ Well, we been pieking up passengers all the way over this trip," he commented. “Still got the pilot on board from the other side, then picked Barnes and his crowd up la->t Friday—all of it kept us three days late. Very nice to have Barnes as passenger.” It was seldom the British Prince and the Ardmore were in port at the same time. We went out en deck. The stevedores were busy at all the hatches, winches were driving, cargo was coming out into the lighters alongside, men were yelling and waving their arms as they gave sig- nals above the din. Already the grain- elevators and coal-barges were tilling the dock. The sun had broken through the grayness, and its rays, added to the clouds of escaping steam, were melting the ice. It dropped in great chunks to the deck. “A11 hour’s time.” said Barnes, “and this meltin’ ice will all lie off her. and they’ll Ik* washin’ down her decks same rfs in summer.” “ Yes,” said the Ardmon'n second, with a wry smile, “ and as much as three days in port liefore she goes to sea again, b’gob!” The days in port—when the steamer disgorges itself of tlie cargo and refills the empty bolds—are welded, as it were, into one continuous day of activity. It is the time to overhaul and repair. Above decks they repaint. Below the water-line they overhaul engines ami boilers. I remember one day spent in “ IN PORT.” 545 the boiler-room of tlie Ardmore. Eight bells sounded 011 the iron bar. Save an electric light or two, and the glare from an open fire-box door on a half-stripped figure shovelling coal, the alleyway be- tween one row of boilers seemed deserted; tlie bells were still striking; out of the empty fire-boxes came ash-covered men squeezing through the furnace doors, some head foremost, others feet foremost, mopping their blackened faces with the damp towels bung around their necks. Climbing up the ladder to the gratings in the engine-room. 1 encountered greasy men tightening bolts and filling oil-cups. On deck, sailors were sliding down from the scaffold on the stack and scram- bling up over the rail where they had painted the ship’s sides. Steve- dores, coats in hand, climbed from tho holds; some, with hand- kerchiefs over their mouths and nostrils, and pow- dered all over with white grain- dust, crawled from the batch, where the wheat w a s pouring in. Men came from every- where, down rig- ging, up ladders, across gangways from lighters, all heading for the dock with their dinner-pails. The noon hour was the only lull ill tho task of preparing the steamer to meet tho gales of the next passage. bowsprit reaches far over the shore, overhanging the teams and freight- cars of tlie quay. It is a quiet spot in the busy world of docks. Day after day stevedores slowly stow tlie cargo. Then the hatches are battened down, the crew comes aboard, and the ship departs on the next tide. The harbor tugs tow her to sea. She spreads her canvas wings, the sails fill, and under this white-winged structure she drives on her voyage. Adverse winds must be overcome before the ship’s anchor is let go in the port of destination. Another night the Atlas arrived, and I sat talking with her captain iu the eaffi The lofty spars and network of rigging of t, h e sailing-ship tower above the ware- house roofs. The Vol CXXI -No 751 - 6s The Throng of busy River Traffic HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. which is frequented by habitues of tho Maritime Exchange. With us was the passenger who came around in the bark from San Francisco. “ An invalid ordered to take a long sea-voyage,” the skipper told me, but added on the side. “ to get him away from his dram. I think.” The passenger told of ice sighted off the Horn, of fog and heavy sea en- countered during a calm, and how the vessel, uncontrolled by eitlicr sail or rud- der, rolled about like a log. IIo remem- bered a sea carrying him the length of the deck; he recalled how lie turned into his bunk and read the skipper's entire library of two books while the steward dried his heavy clothes at the galley fire. The skipper told of not sighting sail or smoke all the way down the west coast, not till they had put on their summer clothes again 011 this side; then a three- mast French bark had signalled that her captain was dead, and wanted to know her latitude. “ That was all we sighted,” said the skipper, “ till off Hatteras an English tramp passed us. Must have been him reported us; the agent told me we were reported Monday by a steamer in Nor- folk.” By and by the captain sighted, in the entering crowd of the cafti, “ Neally o’ the Borderer.” Hadn’t seen him for three years, then in Honolulu—would we excuse him a minute while he ran over to him? “You remember tlie Sewellt” asked the passenger. “ She sailed a year ago. and after reinsurance was listed as miss- ing. In Frisco they told the captain to look for signs of wreckage about the Horn. It was thought out there she might have collided with field ice in a fog. “ Well, this was my first voyage in a sailing-ship,” he went on, “and I visited the dock every day for a couple of weeks watching them stow the cargo. The last day the skipper and mate were fuming A Winter Dav on tin Wiiakvis 'utiif by Gftwfr Hut dint\ A FOREIGN SHIP IN PORT  “IX rORT.” over tlie ship’s fore-and-aft trim. The stevedores, sail - makers, riggers, and sailors, speaking for berths, were all mixed in together. An old man, who had been standing about all day endeavoring to speak to the skipper, at last came over and spoke to me. Some 0110	told him I was to sail on the .1 lias. “‘You’re goin’ around on her?’ be says. I told him ‘yes.’ He started telling me that his son was shipped on the over- due •Sewell. She was listed as missing. I felt sorry for tlie old fellow, lie was very downcast. “‘She may have been blown back around the Horn.' I told him. I really thought so myself: 111	seemed impossible that a big ship like tho one we were standing on could lie lost. We stood talk- ing for a long time. Meanwhile the crew came aboard with their sea- chests from the sailors’ boarding-houses. “ The old fellow was brighter when he found I agreed with him that the ship, or at least the crew, would come to port. ‘Why.’ Ik? said, with a sudden burst of hope, she may have leaked and the bags o’ sugar swelled up and broken open and clogged the pumps. ’Tis possible they rowed ashore like the crew o' the Slarbuck.' “ I talked to him till tlie tug came alongside to haul us out. The last, thing lie asked me was ‘to write and tell him if we saw any sign of wreckage or the crew.’ “ Well." the passenger continued, “ I beard the skipper tell his agent this after- noon that, as long as there was no word now. she must Ik* lost with all hands— not the slightest doubt of it in his mind.” Silence fell over our table in the cafe, nnd it was several minutes before the passenger spoke again. “I’ve got to write to the old man!" he said. “ T promised to. What can I say ?” Tramp steamers wander wherever a cargo offers. They are fashioned with two straight masts, a single red funnel, around which the bridge and deck-houses cluster. Tho pigeon-breasted bows and clumsy hulls are scarred with rust patches. Hailin' from Cuba The Vallore, two years seven months out of Peckersgill yard 011 the Clyde, was bound to Glasgow for overhauling. She was one of the tramps that seldom see their home port. In that time, her skip- per said, she had experienced the ty- phoons of the tropics, shaved icebergs nnd slid by submerged derelicts in the Atlantic. She bad put in a Chinese port with lier cargo of cotton afire, and taken aboard the salved cargo of ease-oil of a sister ship wrecked on a remote South Sea island. MacNab, the captain, took command on her maiden trip. Before that he was skipper of 11 bark, came in from a sis months’ voyage, and a week later was transferred by his owners to HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. MRJ.W A Sailor’s Boarding-house the Vallore. He was a typical deep- water seaman, lacking information on the petty news of the local world, but well posted on such topics as air-ships and turbine«. Otherwise his interest was nil iu his ship. “ She’s a very profitable boat,” he told me; “never been without a charter. She was built on speculation at the shipyard when the depression o’ ship-buildin’ was hangin’ over the Clyde. A week after buying, she was ready for sea—with the firm’s colors on the stack and her name painted on the bow and stem. Then she started out. and been on the go. with little repairin’, ever since. Her losses in this time,” MacNab went on. “were lit- tle—an anchor, two life-boats, and a set, o' cabin dishes smashed during a Kale, when she was smothered like a submarine. Her crew's, though, were enough to worry n man sick.” lie said. “ This trip there were sailors o’ a half-dozen countries aboard, anil the whole lot o’ firemen were Chinese. They’ll fine ye if any of the heathen Chinamen desert in this coun- try,” he went on; “so the agent sends n watchman aboard to keep an eye on them while the ship’s in dock.” MacNab talked for a long time about crew’s of Lascar-' and Chinamen he had shipped in times past.. Once they fought among themselves so much that in port lie had them arrested and held until he was ready to sail. Then he told of discussing with tlie engineer of the Clan Maciver al»»ut the point of maritime Inw involved iu the ease of the steamer with a crew of Chi- nese lost off Carolina two weeks before. “’Twere a question in my mind,” said MacNab, “who would be responsible if any of the chinks got away after reaehin' shore. Whether it was the life-savers for brinein’ 'em ashore, the captain for wreckin’ his ship, or was the British consul to be fined for not sendin’ 'em intact out o’ the country to the port they was shipped in.” MacNab smiled as he recalled the reply. “*’Twas a ease.’ the engineer said. ‘ where it was easy for the skipper to add to the list o’ gear lost in the wreck—so many Chinamen. It was a similar case to the man the Clan Maciver reported lost overboard a day or two afore nr- rivin’. Why,’ said the engineer, ‘lie was not missed till an hour after we reached dock. When I tells the old man, he says. “ Did any one see him go ?" “No. sir.” T answered. “Well, then.” the old man says, with a wink that I understood, “we’ll report one Chinese fireman lost; overboard in the big sea that, she poked her nose into off five- fathom bank.” ’ “ It saved the .1 faclver’s eaptain.” added MacNab. with a broad grin, “ a couple hundred dollar fine.” Then, with the time near when Mac- Nab must be under way to pass the lower slioal on the high tide—the ship was loaded with wheat in bulk—he told me “IN PORT.” of a case on the high seas wherein he thought to drive a canny bargain. “ We was bound to Philadelphia with n cargo of iron ore. and in no great hurry to get there until the day the new tariff went into effect, lowering the duty on that particular cargo. Off the Hanks we ran into a nor’east gale, and in the fog we fair walked into a freighter a-wallowin’ around, almost rollin’ the funnel out o’ herself, and signals o’ distress flyin’. We made her out to be an Ulster-line boat, ami, when she lifted her tail high enough, that she was the Bangore—and finally that she was without her propeller; just lier shaft peepin’ out o’ water. “‘It’s very convenient,’ I said to our first officer, Mr. Hlaek, ‘that we’re in 110 bony. Supposiu' you go aboard her and find out how long she’s been a-waitin’ us, and if she is in a grand rush on account o’ the tariff. Stretch the point,’ I said, ‘that we is. Say, “ Well, captain, this is tough luck—I’m supposin’ you’re in a hurry on account o’ the tariff like we are.” Never let on it’s cheaper for us to take our time.' We was three hundred miles from St. John’s at the time, and I	figured that the mileage charge was one hundred dollars per mile for towage. “ The first officer made the offer. Per- haps it was a bit high; at any rate they thought it was. “‘Not havin’ any passengers or mail aboard and bein’ bound to a Canadian port,’ yelled her skipper. ‘ I’ll not agree to such outrageous terms.’ “ ‘ But does you understand,’ inter- rupted my first officer, ‘ we’re under or- ders o’ the shipper-, and there is a con- siderable different- in customs duty on our cargo?’ “ This argument cooled him a bit, and might have boro fruit if out o’ tho fog hadn’t the whistle of a law-abidin’ steamer blown—she was evidently careful o’ her own safety or nearly cuttin’ down a fish- erman, I don’t know which. That whistle was enough to take the fear out o’ the Bangore’s skipper and at the same time a bit o’ the cockiness out of my first officer. There was nothin’ left for him to do but make a bargain before the other fellow came along and snap|>ed her up under our nose. The understanding was. the settlement to be made in port— her skipper was evidently a friend o’ the lawyers. “ In short order the two lines were aboard her and we was gettin’ under way A CHINESE Cbew 550 HARPER'S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. agaiu. I was on the bridge—lookiu’ tlie tow over aud thinkin’ o' what 1 liked to do to the fellow that proved the snag in the bargain—in the liftin’ fog away ahead of us I saw what must have been the whistle-blowin’, law-abidin’ craft. Would you believe it, sir,” MacNab added, with a scowl, a faint echo of his original rage, “ she was a fast liner, and wouldn’t have stopped to tow!” The old wharf lies slowly crumbling. The posts are eaten away with tho chafing of many hawsers. At the river end a wind-swept scrub tree grows, and between the cobbles patches of grass struggle. A pensive air of past pros- perity hangs about it, while the throng of busy river traffic passes on to the great steamer docks beyond. Nowadays the foreign sailing-ships lie there discharg- ing ballast and awaiting charters. In- side the pate the old watchman dozes away the afternoon iu a cloud of tobacco smoke. He is a bow-legged old fellow— trousers tucked iu boots and slightly stooped as he taps along with his cane. II	is weather-beaten face and frowsy l>card are capped with a faded felt hat. “Here, sir,” he says, “is where the odds and ends of shipping comes!” They are of all kinds—great steel ships and weather-beaten wooden barks and Imrkcn- tines with white saints for figureheads. They hail from Castellamare, Bremer- haven, and Narvick. Tlie crews art- all foreign sailors, swarthy follows with red sashes and sabots, tliick-set, sea-booted men of tho North Sea ports, with a sprinkling of all-nation crews. “ I generally tells where they come from,” says the old watchman, “ by the ballast, whether it be sand or pebble or dirt. Another way is by the cock- fightcrs. bird-cages, or flowers they have aboard. Then the ships that’s ever had Tiie Crew coming aboard with tiieir Sea-Chests The Soui> Line grain cargo lias tlie rats—them that's brought bones from Buenos Ayres has the worms. Always sorry,” he went on, “ to see them bring a bone-ship. so many flies come along with it. Aboard ’em, fir, the crews sleep covered with fly- nettings, anti they don’t feed ’em any better than t he pigs on a steel ship. Then there’s the cryolite ships that comes here from Greenland; they’re nice and clean, though. The mates aboard ’em tells me o’ the strange sealskin people of Ivigtut. The other day a fellow on one of the Greenland barks got a letter all covered with postmarks that had followed him about for over two years.” The old fellow took me into the tumble-down store and pointed to the list, of ships that had docked in the last year. My eye fell on the Ban Ignacio de Loyola. “What was she like?” I asked. “Oh, a dirty brigantine hailin’ from Cuba,” he answered, “ with a skipper who had the airs o’ a steamboat captain.” “And what was the Fooling Sveyf” I questioned. “ A fine four-masted bark a-flyin’ the American flag. She had me guessing.” he said, “till the mate told me she was On Eastern trader owned in Honolulu, and when the islands became American she got tlie registry along with ’em.” So we went through the list—“ this one a tramp steamer held up for libel proceed- ings; that one—let me see—oh yes. the Gibson was a derelict that was towed in and sold at auction. You’ve heard of missing ships,” he said. “ Well, here’s where they start from. Many ships have left this dock in my day and never reached port. On that list, them with the black line drawn around the name is the ones that was lost after leavin’ here. There’s the Jules Henry, the tank bark—she blew up in Marseilles; the Calcium was burned at sea; ’em that’s got the question mark alongside are ones 1 doubted if they would reach tlieir destination, they was so worn out.” Looking closely. I saw that the doubtful marks and tlie black lines usually went side by side. “ The old East-Indiamen,” lie went on. “ used to dock at this wharf with spices and tea, and ships with sugar and molasses came from the West Indies. Yes. I remembers them all—remembers the day when a forest o’ masts lined this water-front, when ships came to the wharf under sail, and the crews came ashore from a twelvemonth voyage.” The old fellow lighted his pipe and pre- pared to go out to his chair again. His great misshapen hand on my knee, he turned and said, “ There’s a heap o’ ships come to these docks in my day, and I often wonders who sees the most—’em ’at travels around, or me that’s stayed here, seven days a week for more than thirty-two years.” The Fairfax Comedy BY H. B. MARRIOTT WATSON Mrs. geokge riciiardson gave her ultimatum at five o'clock iu the drawing-room. George Richardson hail taken his house at Crad- ley because his wife had a fancy to try the country. She was thirty, pretty, slim, and extremely restless. In London she ranged through innumerable sensations, until she tired of all. That was how she came to want the country. People were talking of the simple life, and it sounded well. At any rate it sounded like a change, and a change was what Ellice Richard- son wanted. Georg© was wont indul- gently to grant her most of what she wanted. lie was a novelist of repute, with a standing in literary circles, and an income not capable of indefinite ex- pansion. C rad ley in its remoteness and its silence satisfied his needs, for he had enjoyed life iu his forty years, and now liked to stand iu the wings and look on aslant at the performance with a perfect knowledge of the conditions in which if was taking place. If he hail been unable to do this, he would not have been able to write his novels, sound, broad-minded, wise, sweet-blooded, and cynical hooks like himself. With the relaxation of life’s ar- dent claim on him he had also developed an interest in nature other than human. He faced the wind on the lieatb with rare pleasure; lie was a spectator of the human show, but a partisan on the hills. The acrid smell of gorse upon a hot after- noon was as perfume to his nostrils; he was part of that now rather than of big cities and tlie whole complex and mo- notonous social system. So he found Cradley to his taste, while his wife tired of it. Ellice, indeed, may bo said to have tired of it ere she gave it a proper trial. They had lied from London in the early spring, when the country exhibited to eyes weary of the drab winter-time its most pleasinir features. Daffodils nodded in the meadows, tho violets had come, ami the sweet o’ the year entered with I lie primrose. Ellice gushed over nature ami formed innumerable plans for the garden, for excursions, for settling into rural life—forever. “ Isn’t it far more delightful than noisy, staring, unhealthy town ?”sbe asked her husband, in staccato adjectives, and he agreed. “The taxicabs!”—she made a sound of despairing disapproval—“the dirt! the noise!” She paused. “Tho taxis were useful.” she added, pensively. Hut this mood of satisfaction was not destined to endure. Cradley was dull beyond question, and perhaps even in- defensibly dull. George Richardson nev- er attempted to defend it against her attacks when the first rapture had dis- appeared. Spring passed into summer, and despite her full pageant summer proved dull. A beauty may be dull, you know, and very often is. The resplen- dent lanes and wood* and hills were dull; and then the hot flays brought the dust; and Ellice, missing the shops and tho parties and the theatres and the restau- rants, and the unceasing stream of people, known and unknown, declared the situa- tion intolerable. They had agreed to forego their summer holiday, partly be- cause of the expense incurred by their removal, and partly because tho change to Cradley was to be regarded in the light of a holiday. So in the dog-days, with her heart in London, Ellice Richardson moped. The chief source of her dis- satisfaction was the fact that none of the best people in the countryside had “called.” Carfields. Meleombes, Bea- mans. Bostocks. and their congeners all abstained, quite unconscious of the in- trusion of the newcomers. Society straddled between religions works ami hunting. In summer there was 110 hunt- ing. but there were always religious works, and plenty of old maids to be absorbed in them. For the male part of tho inhabitants hunting was the prime THIS WAS HKk ULTIMATUM AND IT FILLED HIM WITH .MISGIVINGS  THE FAIRFAX COMEDY. consideration, and George did not hunt, lie could not have a Horded to hunt even if he had wanted to. which he certainly did not. Of course the Vicar’s wife, Mrs. Mowbray, called on Ellice, but she, though young, was prim and heavy and yauche as well, and so did not count very much. The doctor’s wife, on the other hand, was elderly, with rather a vulgar sense of humor, and so “ second-rate ” that it was of no consequence to know her. She counted even less. There re- mained tlie landed gentry, whose wives were in no hurry, it appeared, to make Ellice’s acquaintance. George had prof- fered reasons out of his imagination, mainly for the purposes of consolation nnd reassurance, hut somewhat in in- dulgence of his humor. “It is obvious they want us to be on probation,” he said. “ You see, it is an important matter to be admitted into the familiarity of country society.” Didn’t Ellice know it was important? That was the very reason she was in- dignant. What did these people mean by not rushing to make her acquaint- ance? They were merely rustics, clod- hoppers. louts. . . . “ Well, thank goodness they don’t call, then.” said George, with sly good humor. “There’s not one of the women knows how to dress,” declared Ellice, scorn- fully. “ Not one.” agreed her husband, survey- ing her pleasant figure in its appro- priate gown. This had become the burden of their private exchanges, until even George’s placid patience showed signs of giving. Of course, with the selfishness of man. Ik* could not detach himself from his own satisfaction. He strolled the lawn that July after- noon, enjoying the cooling air that streamed over the rhododendrons, poised between two incidents for a plot. Ho wanted to fix his mind on one, and it persisted in dividing, as did -Eneas’s so often. He fluttered, he hesitated, and he Would have come down on one or the other if he had had the chance. But fate intervened with Ellice—Ellice and two strong, good-natured, clean-limbed, and empty-beaded puppy hounds which ‘'lie had on leash. Ellice, usually pale, and more than ever pallid lately with the heat. Voi. CXXT -No 724 -69 553 was flushed and breathless. The pups, exploring in different directions simul- taneously. wound her round tho arch of a pergola. “George!” she called. “For goodness’ sake come and take these creatures— these blessed dogs! I wish they were—” George took one over while she dis- entangled herself. “ I believe.” he said, mildly. “ tlmt these things are called hounds, and that Cradley does not forgive any one who calls them dogs.” “Nonsense!” said Ellice, crossly, as the hound she still held endeavored to make after a distant cat. “ There. I'll let the beast go.” Sparker, thus manumitted, darted across the lawn and disappeared iu a shrubbery, his companion whimpering and straining at the leash in an endeavor to follow. Mrs. Richardson, yon see, had undertaken to “ walk puppies ” for the Cradley pack, on offer to which she had been stimulated by the beaming friend- liness of Major Weldon. At the time she had not known that the Major was a bachelor and incorrigibly catholic iu bis acquaintances. No one considered a person merely because Major Weldon knew him or her. That painful discovery was to follow. The neighborhood did not stream in after the Major. “I thought I heard a voice at the gnte,” said George, lighting a cigarette. “ Oh. young Beaman.” said his wife, impatiently. “ As devoted as ever,” he replied, lightly. Young Beamon was five-and-twenty. extremely elongated in body, and very shy. As yet his devotion had not brought Mr*. Beaman or the Misses Beaman to Ilolt Place; which was another matter that vexed Ellice’s stricken heart. “ Go away—do. George, keep that bea-st off.” she said, crossly, as the sec- ond hound puppy made a sudden man- ifestation of its affection for her by rising on its hind legs and pawing at her fre-h summer frock. George jerked back the beast. “ What’s the use of the silly fellow ?” she went on. reverting to young Beaman. “ Here have I been walking puppies (ugh!) for four months, and nothing has happened. Lady Carfield, Lady 554 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. Melcombe, the Hassalls—none of them have called.” Ellice was pretty, after her fashion, and her figure was nice; she had a talk- ative nature, and could sustain a con- versation with spirit—but humor bad been denied to her. George Richardson’s eyes ruffled up in a twinkle. “ It is pretty bad of them,” he declared, as they began to walk toward the house. “ I’ve a good mind to send in a bill for puppy-biscuits to Lord Carfield, and so bring his wife to reason.” “ Oh, if you’re going to be sarcastic—” protested Ellice, hotly. George disclaimed any intention of sarcasm; he had noticed that his wife was constitutionally unable to distin- guish between sarcasm and humor— levity, if you will. But he was conscious that he was properly rebuked for treating the matter with levity. It was an occa- sion for serious discussion. He got rid of the dog—hound, that is—and followed Ellice to the drawing-room. She had divested herself of her hat, but still had tho effect, he thought, of sitting at her own tea table like a visitor. She opened on him without ceremony. “ I can’t stand it, George. We must go.” This was tlie ultimatum, and it filled him with misgivings. In his mind’s eye he saw Ellice, as was her wont, mounting from stage to stage of emotional revolt against her circumstances, and he was dismayed. His means were limited, and he was in the middle of a novel. Besides, the place did suit him. He pondered. Perhaps it was selfish of him to look at it in that way. But, after all. it had been Ellice’s idea, and he had offered resistance of a sort, at any rate criticism. She was rattling on, apparently incensed at his silence. “ It’s all very well for you. You have your work, and you enjoy talking to the villagers. I don’t, I am accustomed to something better. This is stagnation; I feel the mould growing over me. It’s no good. I can’t stand it.” “ There’s Mrs. Blenkinsop,” murmured George, weakly, “and old Weldon isn’t bad. and—” He had invited the thunder and he got it. Mrs. Blenkinsop was third-rate. Old Weldon was of no account, “ It’s the second-rates I know—not one of the people who really matter, not one,” she pronounced, with embittered emphasis. “ Young Beaman—” George would have begun, but was snapped up. “ Beaman ! Where are the Beamans I” she demanded, in ringing accents of scorn, and a connection making in her fretted brain, she turned upon him again. “Of course it might have been different if I knew how to ride. If you had only had lessons for me, when you knew that we were coming into this wilderness!” George Richardson discovered it was time to act. If this went on, the flood would carry him away. He pulled him- self together and faced the situation boldly. He put his teacup down and crossed his legs. “ We give hostages to fortune when we abandon town. I warned you of that,” he said. “You are good enough to con- sider me a very clever fellow, my dear, and I am disposed to agree with you. But it is a mistake to suppose that clever- ness counts much in life.” “ What counts ?” she asked. “Various things—money, position, ad- vertisement, but not cleverness. You told me that you thought my book Illusion was the most brilliant novel you had read for years. (You have an admirable lit- erary taste, dear.) Now if you were to go up to Cradley Park to Lord Garfield’s house-party assembled this coming Sep- tember for partridge shooting, you would find ears blank to Illusion and my very name. Possibly you might catch some one’s attention. ‘Richardson? Lives here? Is that the writin’ chap? No, I never read any. but I believe my sister read one once.’ But, mind you, that would be an extra well-informed guest. They’re not interested in me or what I do. They buy my books, if they buy them at all, as they buy groceries. You don’t call on your grocer.” “ It’s all shameful,” declared Ellice, simmering. “ What I do obviously doesn’t count. Books are produced, and so are guns and motor-cars. They couldn’t produce any one of these. Why should they consider the person who produces books for them to buy as more important than the per* sons who produce guns or motor-cars? In fact, the man who makes their guns i* more important than such as I. He does THE FAIRFAX COMEDY. 555 count. They’ll know his name and have a respect for him.” “Then why did you bring me here?” demanded Ellice tragically. “ We must leave at once.” At this moment the maid announced Mrs. Mowbray, the Vicar's wife, who ap- proached slowly, in all the righteous resignation of her dull and sober raiment. Ellice’s face showed a perfunctory wel- come, but George bustled about in a way which was alien to his usual large de- liberation. He proffered a chair, a cup of tea, and a plate of cake. “You must try this—Buzzard’s, you know,” he explained, in a delicately in- timate way. Ellice was silent, wondering. The Vicar’s wife, uneasily eating Buz- zard’s, broached the object of her visit with characteristic tactlessness. It might have eased poor Ellice’s raw wounds had even this dull lady come for social ameni- ties. But she had not. Munching a Buzzard delicacy which she had not even the wit or savoir faire to commend, she unlimbered her ordnance. Mrs. Richardson must have noticed the state of the liells. No? Ellice was flat; she had not recovered herself. But Mr. Richardson had, he professed, waiting anxiously to know what their condition might be. They were badly hung, it seemed, and there were defects in two. Hadn’t Mr. Richardson (she appealed to him now) noticed the tenor? Of course Mr. Richardson had. That seemed to make it easier for the Vicaress. Well, the Vicar was anxious to restore the bells in accordance with the dignity of the Church and its traditions. Lord Carfield had been approached and was in cordial agreement—in fact, it need be no secret that his lordship was heading the sub- scription with twenty guineas. The total cost would be about two hundred pounds. Staid Mrs. Mowbray was shrewd and business-like, if dull. She invitingly eyed George Richardson beaming over tails which he hated. “ Of course I am willing to help with mite.” be declared, choosing the word Oute as most Seripturally suitable for the •ady. “ But. my dear Mrs. Mowbray, it *'H take some trouble to raise that sum 1,1 these hard times.” Tho Vicaress sighed unconsciously, for had she not debated this very point with her husband ere setting out on her beg- ging round? “ The Richardsons ought to give five pounds,” he had said. “ I believe novel- ists are well paid. And Mrs. Richardson comes regularly to church.” Yet it would take, to be precise, forty five-pound notes or checks to make up £200. Mrs. Mowbray’s sigh was an in- voluntary testimony to her discourage- ment. Ellice eyed her hardly, realiz- ing now that this was no social call, but merely an official stand-and-deliver. To her intense amazement George went on genially: “ I think I may be of help to you there, if you will allow me. We might arrange for a dramatic performance, or something in that line.” Mrs. Mowbray looked doubtful. “ Yes,” she assented, her mind adding up the various attractions and accomplishments of the parishioners. “ Captain Hassall acts, and there are the Melcombe girls,” she suggested, still doubtfully. “ I think they acted somewhere in private theat- ricals last year.” Ellice’s attention tautened. George’s idea was good. After all, clever men liad their uses. ' She overlooked in her ap- proval the scrawny bodies of the Mel- combe girls, recognized and bitterly criticised from church pews. “ Yes.” George’s assent this time was doubtful. “ I hardly designed a local af- fair. I was thinking I might assist you in another way. I might get Miss Es- telle Fairfax.” “Miss Fairfax!” Mrs. Mowbray woke up. deserting parish and bells and the nar- row confines of Cradley. “ You mean Miss Fairfax the actress?" Her mind flashed over leagues of wil- derness to rare nights at the Euphrosyne. nights of enjoyment, nights of stolen pleasures in a round of dull duty, nights touched with as nearly delirious romance as placid natures are capable of. She saw George Richardson’s nod. “ Yes.” In that instant also Ellice’s heart homed, and she was in a taxi, wrapped about with fluffy things, on her way to the Euphrosyne. Piccadilly roared and surged about her in the summer twilight. She remembered the block at. Hvde Park Comer, the imperturbable police . . . Constitution TIill . . . the soft murk of HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. the rain . . . darkness, and the lights of the street. But what was this strange business of George and Estelle Fairfax? “ It would be desirable, of course, that it should be educational,” proceeded her husband, leaning back in his chair with a leisurely and indulgent smile. Was it possible that be saw Mrs. Mowbray’s face drop and change at that estimable and ugly word ? “ Of course,” she murmured. What in the name of conscience and goodness did George mean ? “ Do you think, for example, Lord Gar- field would lend his grounds for a pas- toral play?” “Oh!” Mrs. Mowbray brightened. “ I'm sure he would. He’s always so anxious to help. But what—” “I had an idea of At You Like It,” suggested George, offhand, and as though appealing to her judgment. Mrs. Mowbray only remembered Shake- speare dimly, but the name of the play sounded nice. “ The forests, you know, the healthy open life of the woods, the exiled Duke’s court, pretty girls, and all the pomp of romance.” The drab little Vicaress, moribund be- fore her time, brightened anew; her face was flecked with color, and she smiled. “ That would be nice,” she said, still restricted as to the adjective. It is not only in conduct that one must be nice, but in attributes also. Meanwhile under- standing went up in a flare through F.llice Richardson’s soul. Oh, how clever was George! Clever people always were the best. “ I think it would be simply splendid,” the declared. “ I should hazard at a guess that you could raise fifty pounds easily by that means,” said George, reflectively, adding after a moment’s punctuation: “ Of course Miss Fairfax would make no charge. She would come at my invitation.” “ How very kind of you!” said the Vicaress. (Kind was kin to nice.) “ I’m sure Lord Carfield will give his consent.” “ It should be great fun,” speculated the plotter. “ Miss Fairfax, of course, as Rosalind. Have you seen her? She’s amazing.” “ No-o.” Mrs. Mawbray’s negative was a diminuendo expressive of regret, “ The Miss Melcombes, Captain Ilas- sall, Lady Carfield, I dare say. . . . But Miss Fairfax could leave that to Lady Carfield and yourself.” So did the official visitation merge strangely into a pleasant social affair, at which wonderfully mundane things were discussed. George Richardson, you see, alarmed and active, was now in com- mand, with all the advantages of a lively, healthy, and unscrupulous imagination. The instant result was an improvement in the domestic atmosphere. With an admiration of George’s literary gifts his wife had combined an undervalua- tion of his tact—or tactics, if you will. She now perceived him to be a general of resource. “ But can you get Estelle Fairfax to come?” she had asked that evening, when the most alluring aspects of the proposal lind been canvassed. He looked at her a little quizzically. “ You know I knew her,” he said, after a pause. “ Yes, but I didn’t know you had known her so well as that,” was Ellice’s remark. “ I used to see a good deal of her when Clayton was alive,” lie said. His quizzical look altered as he re- garded her; but there was no signal of jealousy or even of suspicion in her at- titude. Indeed, there was, if she should know all, no reason why there should be. Later in tlie evening, when his wife was in bed, Richardson made a draft of the letter which he sent the next day to Estelle Fairfax, running thus: Deak Polly, — Perhaps you haven’t forgotten me. Some eight years since you vowed that you owed me something. Can you pay it now, or is it barred by the Statute of Limitations? It is pro- posed that a pastoral play, As You Like It, shall be produced in Lord Garfield’s park here. If you could take the part of Rosalind. I should feel you had more than discharged your debt. The affair is, I believe, to buy bells or something of the kind for a church. You know I’m married. Yours sincerely, George Richardson. When lie had finished he sat back, with the aroma of a particularly nice cigar I C-k' IC. f<) ( o Urawn by Frank Cta>t	Hall-lone plate engraved by S G. Putnam A DAINTY ROSALIND IN HER FOREST COSTUME  TIIE FAIRFAX COMEDY. 557 lingering on his palate. He pushed aside the table, contemplated tlie bookcase, and pursed his lips unconsciously. He was reviewing phases of Polly Fairfax's life. Clayton, a composer of genius, had not been the first to intervene in that life. He bad come third, he thought; but Clayton, his friend, had taken the dis- ease with rampant passion. At once he tyrannized and adored; and Polly was so friendly, so amusing, so good-natured, and so natural that it was impossible to dislike her, or to bear a grudge against her. After all, Clayton was foredoomed by his own qualities. He failed as a man because be was a genius. Often it is so. Was it Polly’s fault that she could not give him only what and all that he wanted? She was always frank, ns frank as good-natured, and on the whole pretty reasonable. The only ex- planation of her was that she had an individual code of morals. George had thought the connection would be better “cut,” and when Polly .cut it, had helped her. Clayton stormed, denied him, forgave him, thanked him. and died, as will be remembered, somewhat tragical- ly. Why should he condemn or even judge Polly Fairfax, who had since float- ed into conspicuous fame? Was the woman of Samaria condemned, before the thought of whom, after all, Polly would or ought to blush? With one passing mental glance at a newspaper paragraph he had lately seen' respecting Miss Estelle Fairfax and the famous actor Graham Gordon, George Richard- son gave up the problem and went to bed. Polly’s answer came after a delay of two days: My dear Quixote,—I dare say you’ve grown stouter, but then you were always too thin. Yes, I’ll come. Write it off that ledger. I was going to Harrogate early in August, but Fll come to you if you’ll name tlie day. Is she pretty? Polly. This letter opportunely arrived an hour or two before Mrs. Mowbray’s excited visit. Gone now was every vestige of the official manner; tlie sallow face quickened over the emotional storm be- low. Lady Carfield was delighted at the idea. If Miss Estelle Fairfax could be Secured (“ and we look upon you to ar- range that,” interjected the Vicaress), Lord Carfield would willingly give his park—“ the wild garden,” explained the lady—for the performance; and Lady Carfield and she had already gone into the question of the actors and actresses. Lady Carfield thought that Miss Mel- combe might play Audrey, but she (Mrs. Mowbray) thought that the part of Celia ought to be entrusted to Lady Carfield. From the conversation it was evident that the two ladies had been resuming ac- quaintance with Shakespeare and the Forest of Arden. Ellice, having the news of Miss Fairfax’s consent, was now the conduit of its conveyance, and Mrs. Mow- bray and she exchanged and interchanged views. George had started the engine. He deserved his comfortable pipe. Meanwhile up in Cradley Park it is permissible to overhear a conversation which has already taken place. Lady Carfield, a fluffy, flighty thing, carries tho news to her husband, blond and forty- odd, with great white teeth, and his roots in solid duties and practical pleasures. “ Mrs. Mowbray wants to know if we will lend the place for a pastoral play.” His lordship grunts. “ You see, dear, they’re going to get Estelle Fairfax.” “ What!” cries his lordship. “ Mrs. Mowbray!” “ No; it’s some one—those people we heard had taken Holt Place. He writes, doesn’t he?” So was George Richard- son’s prophecy vindicated 1 “ Harrison ? No. Richardson,” Lady Carfield amended her guess. “Oh!” Lord Carfield, as became a very substantial British person, contem- plated. He had once met Estelle Fairfax at tin? house of the Home Secretary, whose wife was “ smart,” and wrote bad plays. He remembered her then as enlivening, and he had always admired her acting and her figure. “If she’ll come, by all means. Better write and ask her down,” said his lord- ship. That was Ellice Richardson’s first triumph; and it was what made her realize to the full the beauty of George’s mancpuvre. For Miss Fairfax, appealed to in one of Lady Carfield’s scented sheets of note-paper, excused herself on the ground that she was to stay with Mr. and Mrs. Richardson. Polly Fair- 558 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. fax dropped this item into a hasty letter fixing- her date, and Ellice glowed. Next day it also dribbled down from Carfield Towers through Mrs. Mowbray. That is. Airs. Mowbray did not know that the Countess had invited Miss Fairfax, but she heard from the Countess that Miss Fairfax was to stay with tho Richardsons. It was certain now that the Carfields knew of the existence of the Richardsons. Indeed, it was no longer possible for any one in the neighborhood to profess ig- norance now. The idea of the pastoral play had set the heather afire. In an expiring season it had aroused enthu- siasm. Captain Ilassall. the Mclcombe girls, and Lady Carfield were in constant communication with one another. They had decided the precise theatre for the occasion in a little glade, a clearing em- bowered in rising heights of wood as it were the upper cloths of a stage. Ellice, receiving news of this state of commotion, withered; it seemed that she had counted her chickens too soon. It was not until Estelle Fairfax arrived that a restitution of tho balance took place. Mrs. Richardson accompanied Estelle Fairfax to Cradley Park on a broiling afternoon. “ I thought we’d better get to close quarters at once. Lady Carfield,” said the actress. “ So I got Mrs. Richard- son to bring me up.” Lady Carfield acknowledged Ellice with an amiable smile. “ We have been doing ever so much,’' she declared, eagerly. “ But we do want your assistance. I'm so glad you've come at last.” Polly Fairfax took off her gloves, dis- covering pretty hands that were ringless. Ellice, mechanically noting this, was vaguely disturbed by tho recollection of a newspaper paragraph some years back mentioning Miss Fairfax’s marriage at a registrar’s office. This popular lady was bright of face, instinct, with vitality, of an exceedingly shapely form, and possessed a most divine smile. She was somewhere about six-and-thirty. “ Now tell mo exactly,” she commanded Lady Carfield. She threw herself into the breach like a regiment, inspected the glade and approved it, suggested a few alterations in the cast, solved the ques- tion of costume that had been so baffling with a graceful gesture of her hand. “ Don’t bother. T can fix that. Bur- bage will send me his wardrobe from the Royal. It cost a mint of money. I played Rosalind there, you know.” Of course Lady Carfield knew. Had she not seen Miss Fairfax in tho part? She flew into fresh excitement, discussed • questions with zest, and claspcd Ellice Richardson’s hand warmly in parting. “You’ll come to lunch and we’ll go into it all to-morrow. I’ll get some of them here,” she called out, ecstatically. “ Mrs. Richardson, bring her to lunch.” Never had Ellice been so fluttered as by this display of friendliness. The lunch succeeded. Miss Fairfax remem- bered the occasion when she bad met Lord Carfield, and reminded him of a wit- ticism he had let fall. His lordship smiled and bridled; he was even sub- missive in hearing that he had been set down for tlie Duke. “ I’ve never acted. I’m as stiff as a prop, but if you want me—” They did. “ Such a lark lw Polly Fair- fax confided jnnder the rose that night to George Richardson. “ It will be the funniest pastoral I ever played in. Heaven send us fine weather so as not to put the comedy out! There's Carfield himself, a veritable Duke; Lady Carfield as Celia. Ye gods, a colorless blonde who would like to dare and pretends she knows things, and would shy at a man’s shadow on the foot-path! There was a girl—Sir James some one’s daughter—” “ Meleomlie,” suggested George. “ That was it—with a walk like a milk- maid, and bony hands. She’s to play Phoebe. and it goes to my heart I can’t east her for the wench Audrey. It seems she’s tho best lady rider to hounds in these parts. Save my waist-line I should think so! But tho girl who takes .Au- drey—it doesn’t matter what her name is —is rather pretty in a rustic way—Coll —no—Cork—oh, it doesn’t signify.” “ My dear Polly.” said the author. “In a rustic way! Don’t you know that this young lady is probably, from your description, the Hon. Helen Colelougb. of one of our oldest families, and herself an heiress of weight ?” “Is she?” said Polly Fairfax; and then, clearly without heeding, burst into laughter. “Oh, I forgot my warm ad- mirer. Captain Ilassall. As well leave out Ilamlet as that Orlando.” THE .FAIRFAX COMEDY. 559 George reflected. “ I believe I’ve heard Ellice speak of him. He is a sporting man with a sporting wife.” “ His wife is as plain as a pikestaff, but has a wonderful figure. HassalTs a beauty, one of tho real lady-killers. I’m his new victim.” On this occasion, you understand, El- lice had retired. The day had been one glow of satisfaction, and she had retired happy, felix opporlunifate somni. The Melcombe girls had been civil, and Mrs. Hassall tolerant; Lady Carfield had been cordial, meeting her as though old friends met, and Miss Colclougli had been ami- able and interested. She was a distinct- ly pleasant and unaffected girl, and that had pleased Ellice almost more than any- thing. She had almost forgotten such people as Major Weldon and the Blenkin- sops. and, alas! she had quite forgotten that source and fount of her present in- toxication, Mrs. Mowbray. Tho rehearsals in tho park were an amazing success, if the entertainment of the performers be considered. Miss Fair- fax inspired them with life, blew into them the breath of enthusiasm. Her very appearance on the scene infused sparkle into it. She amused herself. Captain Hassall trailed after her, the model of Don Juan, under the very range of his wife’s hard eyes. He cooed in corners, arranged her flounces, thrilled when she set a careless hand on his arm. He strutted like a bantam on the road to con- quest Polly Fairfax was, as she always was off the stage, no actress, but herself, her wilful, frank, selfish, good-natured and unpretentious self. In her dainty forest costume at the dress rehearsal she cannoned into the dignified Sir James Melcombe, and first shocked and then charmed him by exclaiming in a merry mood: “My dear man, where did I hit you? Let me rub the place; do.” In a word, Polly Fairfax was natural to the top of her bent, and every one knows in these days that individuality is the only thing that counts, whether you be criminal or apostle. If your individ- uality be invented for you by the public Press, so much the more to your advan- tage. But it is only accidents of birth, wealth, or favor of the gods that accom- plish this. Was there ever a wiser sum- mary of human affairs than that saying: “ Some men are horn great, some achieve greatness, and others have great- ness thrust upon them.” Lord Carfield was born great, and he played the exiled Duke quite handsome- ly. For the part of Jacques was found that elegant and promising member of Parliament, Silvester Merrill, who has written a book of essays and a book of verses, and will some day rise to the surface of his party and be in the Gov- ernment. He cut a very pretty figure and aroused sore feeling in the heart of Orlando. Lord Arthur Vallings, who had the soul of a music - hall Won comique, played Touchstone with gusto, but Touchstoue much edited. It was between Lord Arthur and Miss Fairfax that the play began to “ go.” At the dress rehearsal everybody played up mag- nificently. Ellice in a pretty summer gown was installed among the privileged spectators; to one side of her Mrs. Bea- man, on the other Lady Melcombe. George Richardson, who for tlie first time visited the scene, on the express invita- tion of Lady Carfield, wandered about examining people and effects with a critical eye. It was he who marked the flash in Mrs. Hassall’s eye when Orlando cried out with an overplus of emotion: “ What passion hangs these weights upon my tongue!” As a matter of fact, it was just that which stirred Mrs. Hassall’s tongue to action. She was married to a good- looking man, and had long been aware of it. If she realized that Miss Fairfax found his attentions tiresome at last and much preferred Lord Arthur’s frank vul- garity, it made no difference. She began feminine operations at ten o’clock that night, when Miss Fairfax and her hostess had retreated after a merry and un- methodical meal to the shelter of Holt Place. She shot her remarks with the blunt acidity of her temperament into the general company—“ firing into the brown.” so to speak. No men were pres- ent, the occasion being strictly feline. “ I wonder what became of Miss Fair- fax’s last husband f”s Lady Carfield stared. “ Which ?” she asked, vaguely. “ I don’t know his number. The actor, wasn’t it, whom she married two or three years ago. One never hears of him now.” 560 HARPER'S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. “ Perhaps he’s dead,” suggested Lady Carfield, who sow no particular point of interest in the problem. The men were playing billiards or smoking. “ Is the other one dead—the musician, you know?” inquired Mrs. Hassall, with deadly equanimity. “What other one? What do you mean ?” retorted Lady Carfield. “ Of course Colonel Le Maille doesn’t count,” pursued Mrs. Hassall, recrossing her legs deliberately. “ Who’s Colonel Le Maille?” asked Lady Melcombe. Probably Mrs. Hassall welcomed a visible target. “ Oh, the man in the Guards, don’t you remember?” she said, turning slightly toward her interlocutor. “ Ho was afterword concerned in that filibustering raid.” Lady Melcombe was of an age to re- member and had tolerant notions. She was the nearest approach to the grande dame Cradley could produce. “ Of course,” she assented. “ He was vastly epris. wasn’t he?” “Poor Mrs. Le Maille!” breathed Mrs. Hassall. The attention of the girls in the room was obvious. Mrs. Mowbray listened, alert, anxious, and instant. “ I believe Miss Fairfax was first mar- ried at eighteen,” said Mrs. Hassall, at field work. “ Yes. What a shame!” said Lady Car- field. “ I don’t wonder, poor thing—” Mrs. Hassall hadn’t expected or want- ed this. “ Clayton was supposed to be the man she really cared for,” she interrupted. “ You remember Clayton’s tragic death ?” She fastened her glance on Lady Car- field, who moved uneasily. “ That’s all ancient history,” she said. “Clayton was a genius,” remarked Lady Melcombe. “Lord Winterborough told me that Estelle Fairfax inspired him with his second Symphony.” “ She left him,” declared Mrs. nas- sall, defiantly. “My dear, you can’t judge people like that,” demurred Lady Carfield. “ Nothing was ever proved,” protested Mrs. Beaman. “Codes, you see, are different,” said Lady Carfield. vaguely. “ She goes everywhere.” remarked the grande dame. The girls showed increas- ing interest, and Mrs. Mowbray looked from one speaker to another. Mrs. Has- sall’s desperate hard eye alighted on her and invited her in. “What do you think, Mrs. Mowbray?” “I—” she hesitated. “Oh, I think Lady Carfield’s right. Of course wo are told not to judge.” It was Mrs. Hassall’s last gamble with the dice; she had failed, and recognized it. She rose, the fineness of her figure emphasizing her plain face and unsym- pathetic eyes. “ I don’t mind myself. I’m quite broad-minded,” said she. “ But where there are young people about—” Her gaze swept over the three girls, and she didn’t finish. In fact, she went out on that. “ What on earth did she mean with all that?” inquired Miss Colclough, wrinkling her brows in a puzzled way. “ What has Miss Fairfax—” “ Oh, it’s all rubbish,” said Lady Car- field, hastily; and so the privateering ended. At the actual performance Ellice and George occupied seats of honor between the Meleoinbes and the Beamans, Bob in attendance; and the old maids of the district, devoted to church and good works, sat in state in order to do honor to Shakespeare and augment the Bell Fund. The Yiear was present, officially certifying, as it were, an atmosphere of sanctity, and Mrs. Mowbray renewed the stolen joys of liberty and worldliness. “I have enjoyed myself, but it’s reach- ed a limit.” murmured Polly Fairfax in George’s ear after the play. “ Hassall has become an emphatic nuisance. He ought to know there are hundreds of him hang- ing about any theatre. But your Lord Arthur’s a dear.” George disclaimed any proprietary rights in Lord Arthur; but she paid no heed. Lord Arthur called for her with his car next morning, and she departed as informally as she had come. “ He’s going to drive me up to town,” she imparted to George. “ Kiss your petsy for me. She quite passes. I’ve got to meet Rayner to-night before I go to ITorn- burg. No, my dear man. I enjoyed it.” 1 She took her seat, just as Ellice hur- ried up. and waved gayly to both. Lord Arthur was most friendly, and the last A A* J*** 0" «V * »■ * V . « *» t * • ** * :trU- • « L i DraiL-n by Frank Craig	Half-lone plate engraved by H Leinroth LORD ARTHUR VALLINGS PLAYED TOUCHSTONE WITH GUSTO  THE BITTER THING. 5C1 they saw of tho pair consisted of laugh- ing exchanges as the ear whizzed down the road. Ellice sighed as at the end of a pleasant dream. George was looking quizzically in tlie direction in which the ear had vanished. Lord Arthur! But, after all. he had nothing of which to complain. Sir James Melcombe told his wife, that stately lady, that that chap Richardson was not at all a bad chap. He knew how to cast a fly with any one. Miss Coldougli had admired Ellice's gown, and said so frankly. All this was vary satisfactory. But the little comedy did not fizzle out quite so tamely. We may set its conclusion that same eve- uing. In the afternoon Ellice in tailor- made costume disappeared, and returned only an hour before dinner, coming upon her husband as he sat at work. “ George, isn’t it great ? Bob Beaman is going to teach me to ride, and Mr. Beaman is lending me a horse.” Ho looked up indulgently. “ My dear, I knew you only had to get to quarters with them all.” But later that night, he was free to revolve the episode in his mind, and the thought that framed itself at last was this: “ To think of Polly Fairfax pulling us through the needle’s eye!” He giggled aloud, and bis wife asked him why he laughed. “ Oh.” said lie, fumblingly. “ I was thinking of something Lord Carfield said.” “ What was that!” she persisted, as the maid brought in the evening post. Sho opened the letters. “ It was,” he said, slowly and carefully, “to the effect that in the matter of a genius things don’t count.” “ Well, of course, they don't,” said El- lice, abstractedly, as she read her letter. “ George dear. Lady Melcombe has writ- ten asking us to dinner on the 25tli. We shall be able to manage that, sha’n’t we?” she asked, calmly. “ ril look up my engagements, hut I think so,” he said, his eyes twinkling. “ Of course.” said Ellice, complacently, after a tiny pause, “country society is more exclusive than town, and smarter.” The Bitter Thing BY MARGARET ROOT GARVIN T1S hard, my Heart, for toiling through, This Land-of-Lonelv-Things! No league were long, could she be nigh. To share thy wanderings; Yet wonldst thou have her here—footsore— Who hath the wont of wings? So long thy shelter was her love, ’Tis bleak and sore to lie The buffet of unkindly winds. Yet. though tliey beat on thee. Give thanks, my Heart, that sho is cloaked From all inclemency! But when through fairer valley-ways Sometimes thy paths deploy; Some rainbow eomes to span tho storm. Some sweet, too rare to cloy. Then weep. Heart, for this bitter thing:— Unshared with her. thy Joy! CXXI —No 7W -70 Enemies B Y C A L VIN JOHNS TON WITII my arms stretched out I was pritty near as wide as Devil’s Lane, which rail be- tween old Darrow’s farm and our own; and by standin’ in the middle of it could have touched the rough stone walls on both sides. But I hadn’t lost anything: in such a place, where you git thistles in your feet and burs in your hair, and your dress was tore every time you thought some- thin’ was ereepin’ up. I’d made up my mind not to tear my dress any more that day, so I walked on top of our own rickety spite wall, which Gran’pa had built jist to keep old Dar- row from havin’ tlie highest one on the opposite side o’ the Lane. These walls had been put up when they’d quarrelled and gone to law over that long, crooked strip o’ land before I was born. I spoke politely to the old imp liidin in the bushes, for on this mornin’ I was goin’ down to keep an inimy from passin’ nloug the turnpike, and needed him to back me up. Then the weeds stirred so that T fell off the wall and tore my dress anyhow. There was no use feelin’ sorry when I couldn’t tell which tear it was. so T went on to tlie foot o’ the lane, where soon I could hear the clang of big iron hoofs strikin’ the flinty places. It was my inimy coinin’; and he was one worth hav- in’. bein’ always mad; though whether folks said he ate fire or only spit it I forget now. Gallopin’ up to the Lane, he swung off his big black charger, and tlirowin’ the bridle over his arm, started to walk past our place, lookin’ neither right ner left. “Stan’ there!” I said, peepin’ through £< cranny in the wall. “ Frien’ or inimy?” lie frowned and answered, "Frien’,” but I knew better. “ What’s the byword ?” I asked. He thought a minute, and then seein’ my tousled head over the top o’ the wall, said, “ Sally Moore is the word.” “No; my name was good only for yistiday,” I told him. “ You’re an inimy.” He led the charger close up. and lookin’ down at me with his black eyes and hard lean face, laid on the wall a red apple from his own blue-grass farm. “ What’s the word ?” he asked, knowin’ I wouldn’t let him by till he had it. “Inimies,” I answered. “You can pass on now,” and callin’ out “ Inimies,” he jumped on the black horse, which reared almos’ straight up with him. Then he galloped away without another word, for he was on old Harrow's side o’ the feud over Devil’s Lane, so we couldn’t talk together, and it wouldn’t have been lion- er’ble to take a apple from him except as a bribe. When I went back to tlie house munch- in’ the apple. I found Gran’pa standin’ by the- barn where we used to keep horses, a cow, and the goat, before we went on the ragged edge. Then they wouldn’t keep any longer, except the goat, who was waitin’ for somethin’ to turn up, and was now on the raggedest edge of any of us. Gran’pa stopped pickin’ at some old rusty ploughs and harrows, which lay on the ground like animal skeletons with their claws broke from tryin’ to scratch in our old farm, and said he must go to court. The Devil’s Lane case was up agin. So. after ’while, though the road was dusty, he put on his best coat, instead of the other one, which would have left the window open, and I started with him to rest my feet along the road after walkin’ on our farm. It wasn’t far into town, and we were soon at the court-house, where a crowd o’ men were standin’ with their horses hitched to the racks. Some of ’em drew up to us, and when old Darrow came in- walkin’ as we’d done, others gathered around him. and the two parties stood eyin’ each other and grumblin’ every ENEMIES. 503 once in a while. Then the crier opened court, and everybody pushed each oth- er inside. Gran’pa stood talkin’ to the lawyer, who sometimes came out to the house to see how much we had left, and old Dar- row was five or six paces away. I heard their names called, there was a mutter about Devil’s Lane, and then everything was so very still that the squirrels be- jjnn scoldin’ in tho trees o’ the court- house yard. All at once Gran’pa cried out in a loud voice to the whisperin’ of his lawyer: “I’ll have my rights; nothin’ less. Have T carried this case up and down the courts twenty years, to give up to that man now!” He took two quick steps toward Har- row, draggin’ me after him; and his frien’. big Major Felix, was bellin’ his shoulder. “Never; we’ll have justice here,” he bellowed. Several men pressed up to Harrow, the first one bein’ my inimy, who raised his hand high in the air. “You'll get justice, Felix,” lie said, and he did spit fire, out of his eyes. “Whenever you like, Mr. Danton!” My heart beat quick at their strange, loud voices, and I thought how lean and crooked and weak the two old men looked in that ring o’ big fierce-eyed fellows. Hut they were not in the least afraid, nnd straightened up to stare at each other. “ There’ll be no breach in my side o’ Devil’s Lane,” said my gran’fatlier. “ To the last ditch against you, sir.” “ To the grave,” answered old Darrow, and their faded-out eyes flashed new and bright. I saw Major Felix and my inimy, Danton. push back the crowd, their faee3 changed to somethin’ black and wicked; and afraid of bein’ trampled down to the floor, I stepped into the only clear sj»ace. It happened to Ik* right between ’em, and both men stared at me as if surprised. Then, after standin’ silent a minute, they passed outside with their frien’s. and soon I could hear ’em all ridin’ their horses *>«t o’ town. When we two walked home, I thought ttran’pa stumbled a good deal, and he was tremblin’, too, which was somethin’ be never did when his inimy Darrow was '■i sight. At home, lie sat all afternoon in the sunshine of the porch, with the dust still coverin' his face, till I wiped it away with a cloth. Then he smiled at me and said: “ I reckon that lawyer will sell us up now; he wants me to drop the case just because I haven’t any more money. But we’ll fight 011 against Harrow someway, won’t we, Sally?” I nodded. “ To the grave,” I told him. “ Didn’t you all used to be frien’s?” I asked then. Gran’pa took his band off my hair and scowled. “ Don’t ever sjieak o’ that agin,” be said; and goin’ down into the field, he put whatever rocks lie could lift on top of his spite wall, to make it still higher than Darrow’s. That evenin’ after supper Gran’pa lit the lantern and took me to the top o' the stairs, ’cause I might as well have tlie comp’ny o’ the light when it had to burn anyway. He sat on the top step, till I called, “ I’m almos’ asleep now”; then he went down soft-footed with the lantern. But I couldn’t sleep, and lay listenin’ to the wind whir under the old eurled-up shingles, and to Gran’pa, who sometimes muttered down-stairs to dead and gone folks that came back like moths to his lantern. I was thinkin’ of bein’ sold up. which he’d ixplained meant that a auc- tioneer would come to shout that our things wasn’t, worth much, and that strangers would take ’em in, and lie un- der the curled-up shingles at night, ’stead o’ him and me. “ Still, we got sicb a little bit, we can afford to lose at least all of it, and fight old Darrow to tlie grave,” I thought. Tlien I got out o’ bed and felt my way about, touchin’ everything in the dark; for I’d l>een playin’ with my outfit a good while, and thought I’d rather tell ’em good-by when I couldn't look on. O’ course I was goin’ to send the things mother’d left behind to me. and my own playthings, under the hammer with the rest. All we needed was money, and I knew my inimy would be glad to bid me out of ’em. Nex’ mornin’ T tied up my hair with a red ribbon, which looks bright against coal black, and movin’ out o’ house and home, loaded my belongin’s in my waggin. Once Fd had all this waggin. 5<S4 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. but. now there wasn’t any tongue to speak of. and the wheels had to stump along on spokes. I hitched the goat to it with strings, and led him to the turnpike. When my inimy came along without the byword. I said. “ You can't go chargin’ past here like that.” “ What’s the word ?” he asked. “ Sold up,” I told him. He looked sur- prised, and we spoke another word for the first time. “ Where did you hear that ?” I told him, and then ixplained that I was goin’ to hold my auction first. •• Here they all are,” I said, showin’ him the things. “ Anybody can buy ’em, though o’ course I’d rather see a inimy take ’em away.” After a minute he raised his horse right over our wall and looked at my outfit. Then he swept his eye along Devil’s Lane, and with a sudden scowl rode quickly half-way up the hill which rose between us ami the house. Slowly he looked from old Darrow’s farm to ours, thinkin’ how pore they were liesides his own blue-grass place up the valley, and walkin’ his horse back and forth. I’d been so surprised at his doin’ this that for a minute I couldn’t move; then I ran toward him and stood in front of the horse with my arms stretched out. It’s a bad sign to have a inimy nosin’ around your place, whether there’s any- thing there for him to find out or not. “ Do you dare jump your horse over our wall? This is no frien’s place for you,” T told him. Without a word he rode down the hill, with me walkin’ beside him. I’d taken the apple he’d paid to get past, but now I wouldn’t keep it, for he’d come into our place only because nobody but me was there for him to ride over. I couldn’t throw the apple down—he was- n’t that kind of inimy—so I put it back on the wall. “ There,” I went on, as he didn’t an- swer; “you can take some other road after this.” Tie was always hard and black-lookin’, but now he seemed like a picture in my old war book, with a cloud o’ fightin’ armies and sword blades whirlin’ around him. He looked at me steadily. “ This old quarrel’s lined up at last,” he said, as if to himself. That hard stare made me believe he was despisin’ me for my bare feet and best dress. I wasn’t ashamed of ’em, but I remember the tears came into my eyes. I “ If Major Felix was here, you would- n’t dare come into our place,” I said. He answered quickly: “Tell him to meet me here to-morrow mornin’—you must have two people to bid at a auc- ] tion—and tell nobody else. Will you promise this?” “ Yes,” I said, for I could catch a ride on a waggin up to Major Felix’s farm. He took another sneer at my things, at the apple on the wall, and then at me. “ You're a good inimy, like all the Moores were before you,” he said; tlien takin’ his horse over the wall, he galloped back the way he’d come, for I’d made it plain that he couldn’t go past our place any more. On the first waggin which went by 1 rode up to Major Felix’s, and told him where he could meet Danton next day. I lie seemed puzzled for a minute, and then he asked: “ Did Danton send you to me with j this?” I answered that we were goin’ to have a auction, and that Danton was cornin’ to bid in the things as an inimy. The Major gritted his teeth. “ I heard about your misfortune to- ■ day for the first time,” he said, “ and if Danton don’t show more judgment than to go there, he’s liable to git somethin’ he don’t bid for.” When I readied home I found a man who had ridden out from town to leave some papers; after he’d gone, Gran'pa said: “I reckon all this will go on the block now; here’s the notice. But we’ll j have that Devil’s Lane yet, or know the reason why.” O’ course he and I didn’t mind leavin' that old bramble patch of a farm, and ■we didn’t hide this from each other o bit; what we did want was Devil’s Lane, and we was goin’ to have it. But after , ’while I noticed that Gran’pa was walkin’ around touchin’ things just as I had done—he seemed to be doin’ it iu the dark, too—and cornin’ on me suddenly he raised his hand and peered into n»' face in a blind kind o’ way. I was afraid he was goin’ to touch me good-by. and leave me behin' with the other wore-ouj ENEMIES. 86S things, but lie saw which one of ’em I was in time, and asked, as if just re- minded of it. “ How many dresses you got, Sally?” “ The best one,” I answered; “ the good one and the better one are wore out, I think.” “Is there anything you want?” I believe I had thought o’ some little thing, and o’ course I might have asked good old Gran’pa for anything in the worl’. But I looked at him a while, and couldn’t remember just what it was I'd wanted at that minute. He said, “You’re a good frien'; that's what you are,” and passed 011. Three or four time* that afternoon I went down to look at the apple 011 the wall, and onee I sat down in the dust, gatherin’ my knees in my arms and rock- in' to and fro. I happened to think, too, o’ that red ribbon, which nobody else had done. This would make anybody feel terrible forlorn, and when Billy seemed catchin’ it from me, I drove him behind the bam with a stick, where Gran'pa couldn’t see him. “ This ain’t any time for your jaw to hang.” I told him; “we’ll git Devil’s Tdme. anyway, won’t we, even if this old farm does go on a block?” and I was pretty near givin’ him somethin’ to look sorry for with the kick. Then I got all my outfit around me, which I couldn’t do after to-morrow any more, and when the furniture was full 0’ company which used to come there in mother’s old times. I entertained ’em. As they eouldn’t get out o’ their places without disappearin’, I had to pass the table around among ’em. After I was sure the party had gone off well enough. I walked in to supper, where Gran’pa and I didn’t have much to say. For words broke in two in tlie middle, the lantern flickered in a sickly wn.v. and swarms o’ silent inimies seemed creepin‘ into the house till the rickety ‘tairs and floors groaned under 'em. I lay awake in my room after Gran'pa bad gone down-stairs with the light, and Pondered that inimies came hauntin’ like Bh°*ts. and whether red did look so very weH against coal-black hair. Then, though it was so dark, I could see that ’nan Danton ridin’ up and down our field *•» the sun, and glarin’ across the walls o' Devil’s Lane. I’d been in trouble over this all afternoon in an uncertain way, but here, deep in the night, I began to understan’ the look in his fiery, spyin’ eyes. He’d been huntin’ a secret. I crept out o’ bed and down the stairs to Gran’pa’s room; there he stopped walkin’ back and forth, to stare at me, and he held the lantern up close, for in that dim light I was as dingy as the other ghosts. If I was you, I wouldn’t mutter any to-night,” I told him. He leaned forward to look into my face. “ What is it ?” he whispered, as if I’d come walkin’ in my sleep and he was afraid of wakin’ me before I could answer. “ Danton rode his horse up and down our field, and spied across Devil’s Lane this mornin’.” He twisted his lean hands together and thought. Then foldin’ his arm around my shoulder. Gran'pa led me to the sofa, and tuckin’ a old robe around me, he went away. I listened to the seconds mar chin’ past, a« the hours unwound the clock; a mouse came out to piny on the floor by himself. Once he'd had playmates, but folks about to be sold up couldn’t support so many, and now he played alone like me. A little star shone through the glass part of the window, above the coat, and as I watched it the clock stopped tickin’, the mouse listened and ran away, and a heavy stumblin’ shook the ground outside. Another time I'd have done like tlie mouse or the clock, but the dim way o’ the night, and Gran’pa’s starin’ at me once and stealin’away, made me feel dif- ferent from what I used to be by day. So I went to the window pretty soon, with the old robe wrapped around me, and peepin’ through the blinds, saw a giant shadow, black and still in the starlight. Openin’ the shutters. I told it, “ You can come look into this house if you want to; we don’t keep any secrets here." My inimy rode the black horse slowly to the window, like a ghost cornin’ to a ghost for the password down a lone- some road. “Old Moore?” he asked, in his deep voice, at last. “ Gone.” I answered. We were still for a minute; tlien the HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. horse shied so wildly that my inimy swayed in his saddle, and a man seemed to rise from the ground between us. This man said fiercely, “ Do you ride up in the night to settle quarrels through a window!” It was Major Felix, and he held a pistol in his hand. Without a word, Danton swung to the ground and let his horse stray out among the trees. Then he walked across the porch and down the hall till he came into the room where I was; and Major Felix growled at his heels, though he’d put the pistol away. My inimy looked at us, and his eyes seemed glowin’ through a fire. lie said we would have the auction now, aud takin’ out the outfit I’d piled in the corner, he bid five hundred dollars for half of ’em. I sat on tlie couch with tlie robe around me. and though nothin’ seemed very real, I said I guessed he could have ’em. be- cause I didn’t want him to know how much more I cared for ’em than that. Then the Major cried out that, this was all trillin’, and I felt as if cryin’ in my sleep; it didn’t seem trillin’ to me, when all the things I’d lieen raised a part of bad to l>e sold up. “ I’ll throw in the goat,” I said, though Billy was so threadbare now that he seemed almos’ one of us, and I knew how wounded he’d feel after stiekin’ the way he had. “ Moore won’t take such money.” said the Major; “and though you’d like to have these things and tell the story on tlie old man—” “ He’ll take it," answered my inimy; “ I tell you old Moore is disgraced al- ready. Four hundred for the other half.” The Major was so mad he forgot himself, or else lie wouldn’t be outbid by Danton. “ Five hundred.” he shouted, which was just what my inimy had bid for the other lot. “ Then silence.” said Danton, “ and wait. That’s all I ask.” They were perfce’ly still after that, while I could only look at my old play- things which had gone over to the inimy. The seconds began to march agin; the mouse eame out to listen, and then some one walked up the hall. “ All’s well.” he called; “ there’s nobody here.” and Gran’pa came into the room. What went on from that minute is more plain to me than anything else which ever happened. As Gran’pa’s eyes got used to the light a seared look came over his face and he gave a quick gasp. He turned as if to go back into the hall, but he was so un- steady that he bad to take hold of a chair, which he sunk into, inch by inch. “ Nobody there, Davvy ?” called a voice; “then we’ve kep’ our secret till the very end.” The man who came inside at this stag- gered a little when he saw the dim forms by tho candle’s light. Then his eyes be- gan to glare, and he moved along till, layin’ his two hands on Gran’pa’s shoul- ders, he spoke in a fierce, loud snarl: “ Well, ain’t you satisfied yet? Do you want us to kill each other at last!” It was old Darrow, our inimy of Dev- , il’s Lane. Danton rose without a word; I beard tlie arm o’ Major Felix’s chair crack in his grip as he looked on. “ You—two — old—inimies—together!” | lie said. “No,” cried Danton, in a threatenin’ voice. “ Two obi frien’s! For twen- ty years this neighborhood lias quarrelled on one side or the other o’ that lawsuit, and all tho time they’ve been frien’s in secret; each one must have been helpin’ the other when the case went agin’ him—” There was a silence, till Major Felix almos’ whispered, “ Prove this.” “ Go down into Moore’s field, as I did this raorain’, and look at the trail, lead- in’ from house to house, which they've worn in years o’ secret visits. I came here to-night to face ’em down; I’m glad you followed me—”	. ■ “ My horse fell lame and I was standin’ under a tree when you took the wall,” ixplaincd the Major. “ But, Moore, this can’t l>e true.” Yet it was true; and I’d known a good while what that mutterin’ was in Gran’- | pa’s room at night, though he pretinded to lie talkin’ to himself. And then I was proud o’ the old man, when he drew him- , self up as straight and tall as my inimy. and answered: “ That was to lie a frien’ly suit between 1 Darrow and me. But 110; our frien’s, j who had grudges o’ their own, must take sides and pretind to quarrel on our ac* ■ ENEMIES. 587 count. Then to give up would disgrace US. You set frien’ against frien', fightin’ your own quarrels over our heads. We’ve been inimies before the worl' to satisfy you; we’ve almos’ fought because our pride wouldn't swallow anything in front o’ you men—” “ And now you follow it up," said old Barrow, “ by robbin’ us of our secret, so that people will say we were afraid to fight in earnest. You bloodlioun's; I’ve tried to save Davvy’s farm, but it's too late to save my own. They’ve both been swallowed in that graveyard you made us build—the Devil’s Lane.” My inimy walked out before 'em in a way that everybody noticed. “You two are traitors to a hones’ quar- rel.” he said. “ I’m ashamed o’ my part in it,” shout- ed Major Felix, takin’ the opposite side. “ Why, this frien’ship o’ the two old men is the most splendid thing T ever heard of.” “Well, the quarrel stan’s; you and I urged ’em on, and we two will fight it out.” My inimy lowered his voice. “ I bid in some things at o auction here to- night; I’ll pay and take ’em along.” He counted money on tlie table, and throwin’ his wolf’s look from face to face, he took his part o’ my old things and went out. Major Felix ran both hands through his hair. “ That man’s a savage.” he said. “Yes, yes; the little girl played auction; I bid in five hundred worth. You will take it with Danton’s, by Heaven ! Wliat’a the matter with Danton! We’re inimies; but to quarrel for the sake o’ the quar- 1*1! He cursed you two; but the auc- tion; the auction: why. our money will pay costs; costs in this very suit we’ve urgeil along.” Of a sudden he ran toward the hall. “I’ll either find out what he means by all this or—” and then his voice died away. The two old men looked at each other gteerly. Then Gran’pa spoke in a gentle, toxious way. “ Danton’s caught him up like a vise *0 this generous act, and made him a Partner to it. He’s outqnarrelled Felix —■he’s outfelixed him. Quick; we must bring Sally’s play game to a good end between those two.” Smilin' at me, they went out with the lantern. I heard ’em talkin’ outside—all but Danton—with a cheerfulness which had- n’t been in that house for a long while, ’eept in my play games. But I stayed behin’, thinkin’ of all my things gone away; of the men outside who would soon be frien’s, and me, the only inimy who was left. Well, I didn’t core; my heart could beat and burst if it wanted to; ma.vbe Major Felix would think that was trillin’. Would they all be frien’s! I hadn’t heard my ini ray’s voice, and I listened with my breast aeliin’, afraid of bearin’ him -peak cheerful like the others. When his voice rang out in a few sharp words, I could have sang a song, for I want- ed him to stay inimy to everybody in this world. Then somebody came into the room, with quick, soft steps. “ Sally,” he whis- pered ; “ Sally. Sally 1” I answered the bes’ I could, and the next minute my old inimy raised me in his arms. “ Only you and I understan’ that bein’ sold up ain’t any play,” he said; “even if we do wear n-d ribbons at the auction.” “ I hope you’ll like the things you bid in.” I managed to tell him. “ I’ll never part with ’em iu this world; for this auction’s taught me things 1 should have felt before; and I’ll build a new play-house to put ’em in.” “Who for?” I asked, somethin’ tug- gin’ ot my lieort. “ Do you osk that ? My wife and I have talked it over many a time, but we couldn’t have you with us them days, ’cause we was inimies.” “ No more.” I whispered. “ No more,” he said. “ And I couldn’t make frien’s with one of ’em out yonder till I knew yon were my dear little frien’ first of all.” I pressed my cheek against his own, and it wasn’t hard as I’d s’posed, though I believe it was wet, like mine. Then he went outside, speakin’ cheer- fully to the others, and leavin’ me in tlie room, where it wasn’t dork or lone- some any more. Night BY WALTER PRICHARD EATON TWO small boys and a clog were hur- rying along through the woods in the early spring twilight. Tho ice was out of the streams and tho sap was running, but there were no leaves yet, only a haze of frail green liko tlie ghost of a veil, when you looked over the trees into the sun. Under the hemlocks, how- ever, it was as dark as in June, and with the coming of night the trail was almost indistinguishable. Tho dog smelled it out. The small boys found it by the feel of their feet and by looking up and fol- lowing tho thread of open sky. They kept ever closer together and spoke little. It was very dark and terrifying among those great hemlocks. The wind sighed eternally, like a human, overhead. Things unknown patterrd off through tlie under- growth. The hoys unconsciously broke into a dog-trot. Then suddenly ahead they saw tho light of the clearing, beyond the swamp. Tho trail grew faintly visible, like a gray ribbon. It crossed the swamp brook on a bridge and wound off through the fringe of hard timber and over the ridge toward home. The water in the swamp glistened like quicksilver. It seemed to hold more of the departed day than the sky itself, which was fast fading into night. Out of the quicksilver tho swamp maples and saplings reared almost in- distinguishable trunks to the horizon line. Above that they told against the pale sky as a black tracery of intricate delicacy and beauty. And in the swamp the Pickering frogs were singing shrilly— phee. pheo, phee—far up above the limits of the human voice. Their cheerful spring song and the kindly presence of I lie clearing brought the little boys down to a walk again. They looked back into tlie now impenetrable gloom of the hem- locks. then forward at the lovely black tracery of twigs against the west, and the sweet influences of night brooded over them as they went silently homeward. It was many years later that one of those boys read Shelley’s “ Swiftly walk over the western wave. Spirit of niglit . . and interpreted it,, as we all must inter- pret poetry and art and music, in terms of his own experience. It was only when he reached this period of Shelley and self- consciousness that lie realized how rich his experience had been, thanks to a coun- try boyhood, in those sights and sounds of Nature, when she stands intimate and revealed, which are the backgrounds of poetry and perhaps the most precious I>ossessions of memory for the reader. If the mind and spirit are to give to art an immediate and kindled response, they must possess a wealth of co-ordinate de- tails, the seed of suggestion must not fall on barren soil. There is. I fancy, a very real difference in the nature and strength of his response even to such a poem. say. as Arnold’s Scholar Gypsy, between the reader who has known shy Nature in- timately in all its moods and the reader born and reared exclusively in such a city ns New York. “ ISut when the fields are still. And the tired men and dogs all gone to rest. And only the white sheep are sometimes seen Cross and recross the strips of moon- blanched green. Come, shepherd, and again hegin the quest!” That phrase, “ the strips of rnoon- lilancbed green,” lias a peculiar magic for the reader whose memory holds similar pictures, who as a boy perhaps stole furtively out at night over the pastures and viewed with something akin to awe the giant oak that guarded the first glade of tlie forest. There it stood bathed dim- ly in the moonlight, gigantic, strange, un- known. Night and tho moon had trans- figured it. as they had transfigured the forest heyond and the open valley behind. The Fields are bathed in Moonlight What terrors »li«l those dark woods not hold, even for the brave boy of twelve? Ami what fairy shapes, too,might not glide into the moon-blanched open, even the white nymphs one had read about? And behind, how deep tlie valley lay, how far it stretched to the dim. silvered hills beyond! In all the world there was not Vol.. CXXI —No. 7114 —71 a sound save the night whisperings of the leaves, the sleepy chorus of the crickets, and the sad call of a whippoorwill. The world of day. tlie people and the cattle and the bright, friendly light, slept as if they would never wake. On your feet the dew was cold, and on your heart lay the wonder and the mystery of night. HARPERS MONTHLY MAGAZINE. It was one of those moments when God trains His little children to be poets— or. at any rate, future readers of poetry! Ami how much of such training is done by night! In our stupid, unimaginative, grown-up way, we write silly little verses about the child's terror of the dark, or The great Garden of the patient Stars draw silly little pictures of it. regarding it as a mild and amiable joke. Yet the child’s terror of the dark is often the result of a far finer flight of imagination I ban any we grown-ups indulge, and night for the child holds deep, primeval mys- ticism and poetry. We admire Blanco White’s sonnet to night; yet it is essen- tially a child’s conception to find the dark- ness in the light, to see in imagination the earth ball spin, from the shadowed side. Most of our literature about the child, just now so popular, is essentially false because it is too superficial. The shades of tlie prison-house have obliter- ated our finer recollection. And in noth- ing is this so pronounced as in our for- getfulness of the child’s feeling for night, his unconsciously imaginative life be- tween sunset and dawn. When I was a lit- tle boy, night in the mountains was for me a perpetual joy- and terror, nor has it yet lost the joy nor quite all the terror. A level wall of near-by moun- tains just before the moon heaves up be- hind them, and tlieir summits an1 silvered w i t h a mysterious light whilo tlie slopes are black, utter shad- ow, still seems to me a mighty, unbelievable wave bearing down upon me, and to this day if I am alone, far from a house, I have a sinking sensation of terror, and can with difficulty refrain from running away, as I did when a child. Professor James might tell me that sinking sensation is a physical memory of the cluld- ish experience, and in- duces tlie mood of ter- ror. He says we are often frightened be- cause we run away, not the reverse. Put I prefer to believe otherwise; 1 prefer to believe that I can still, under cover of the night, see things as they .ire not! I know at any rate that I can still stand on a hill, where a black cedar cuts tlie sky. and feel the earth swing east- ward under the stars. Always as a child I tried to realize that the earth was a ball spinning on its axis and hurtling through space, but my mind could never quite grasp the illusive picture. Then one night 1 stood upon a hilltop, and felt the eastward spin. It all came clear in a XIGIIT. flash of revelation. That first night, too, the stars were not in the sk.v; they were lumps let down on invisible wires till they hung just over the trees. You may see them that way any winter night in Florida, but not often in the North. I watched till I almost fancied they swayed in the wind. Gradually they were drawn up an infinite distance, and I felt the earth travel beneath them. I lay on my back to obliterate everything but the sky and the top of the cedar. I felt the east- ward spin even more clearly then. Ris- ing. I looked down at the valley lamps. Be- hind one of those win- dow squares the grown- ups were; playing cards. I thought them very silly, as I stood up there with my stars, ri'ling the earth ball through space a n <1 night. I was the adult, the poet, the philosopher. T h e y were just playing games. And yet we patronize the child! It was at our moun- tain house that I used to lio in bed at. night ami watch the men go out to the stable with lanterns. Their great shadows danced fan- tastically on the barn wall and up over the roof, the legs getting hopelessly crossed and tangled. These gro- tesque pantomime per- formances were an endless delight. One night I saw a lantern bobbing up in the or- chard. and got up my- self to investigate. As I	entered the orchard the light was resting on the ground, and showed me in the midst of the inky dark the vague outlines of a clothes-basket, and some flapping sheets on a line. Mrs. Sheldon was taking down the wash. “ Why?” T asked her. “Because it’s going to rain,” she an- swered. “ The mountain is talking." 571 She was a thin, wiry woman, of few words, who could smell rain a day off, and make excellent cookies. I went out of the circle of lantern-light and looked up toward Kinsman. His great, shaggy sides were faintly visible, looming preter- naturallv high, a blacker patch against the black sky and the dim stars. The air was quite still. There was no wind. I listened intently, and presently my ear caught a sound like the steady roar of a far-off waterfall. It was the wind rush- ing through the forests far up on those .shaggy slopes. The mountain was hold- ing converse with the gale. Down here there was no wind. Far aloft tho gale was hurrying. Tt gave me a tremendous sensation of space and height. 1 fancied mvself alone up there clinging to a dizzy ledge, while the gale howled about mo; A giant Oak guards the Forest Glade On the shore a Path glimmers dimly and I grew faint with my imagined ter- ror. Hut J felt, too, a curious new friend- ship for the mountain, as for a human tiling which could communicate news of the weather and hid us, on a perfectly calm night, take in the clothes. I went to bed with entire confidence that I should wake up to find the mountains buried in cloud and the brooks roaring. And it was even so. My evident in- creased admiration for Airs. Sheldon, too, brought n fresh batch of cookies. I was a gainer all around! “Tin midniglit: on tlie mountains brown The pale round moon shines deeply down." So sang Byron. And in college a pas- sage in our rhetoric (was it not quoted from Ruskin?) pointed out that the poet- ry of this couplet resides in tlie adverb “ deeply.” I remember my efforts to ex- plain to my roommate why. It was so perfectly apparent to me. who even as a child had seen our mountain intervale deepen nnd grow luminously mysterious beneath tlie magic of tlie moon, and the cleft on Cannon become a bottomless pit. 11	is environment had been less kind to him; perhaps, too, his mind was less nat- urally pictorial. If I tried to explain poetry to him, he had an even harder time trying to explain mathematics to me. But I feel sure that the poverty of his memory in co-ordinating details, so essen- tial to the visualization of poetry, was in 110 small measure due to bis urban child- hood. lie had never been turned looso on the edge of the wilderness, never pushed adventurous footsteps into the mystery of the mountain night or brushed the moonlit dew from the clearing. Moonlight! How its soft, obliterating glory remakes tlie world, and remakes it “nearer to the heart’s desire”! George Moore called the songs of Schubert and Schumann “ tlie moonlit lakes ami night- ingales of music.” Moonlight is the il- lumination of Romance. There is some- thing lyric and lovely about it, something akin to the magic of the last act of The Merchant of Venice, which is sat- urated with moonlight. Quaintly, too. the moon, symbol of tlie chaste goddess, is in The Night Gloom of the Waters reality the patroness of the mating pas- sion. But the child ns yet feels nothing of that. For him moonlight on familiar fields is hut the revelation of a strange, mysterious, exquisite half-world concealed somehow in tho glare of day, and made manifest once a month for his wonder and delight. When, like the good king in the carol, he looks out of the window after tea. “And the snow lien round about. Deep and crisp and even," it is a different world that he sees, Line and dimly suffused with misty gold. The fence rails are reproduced on the snow as they climb over the ridge, and long shadows creep out from the trees and hushes, like spirits. As the snowy world rolls into distance, it grows dimmer, more mysterious. It is very cold. Perhaps the child slips out-of-doors ami stands on tlie snow crust, which squeaks faintly under his boots. There is no other sound. Silently, coldly, beautifully, the misty golden moonlight at once floods and obliterates his universe. lie has a strange sensation of unreality, of unreal- ity that would yet be very sweet could it bo real. Is this not, after all, the essence of Romanticism? Once, in our same mountain home, we drove down the Landaff valley to see the moon rise. Over the ridge of Kinsman fancy could detect a lighter space in tho dark sky, but tlint was all for several miles. The road ahead was almost in- visible, the horse a Iwibbing blur. Pres- ently the liirht behind the mountain be- enme more definite. The last slope was outlined behind a golden halo. Then the road plunged down between high, wooded banks into utter darkness, and wo emerged, suddenly, abruptly, beyond tho last ridge of the mountain, into brilliant moonlight. The harness glittered, long shadows stretched westward, distances be- came luminous and distinct, everything was bright and clear-cut as by a sudden flood of artificial light. And there at (lie left, just across the meadow in a gap The Swamp-BROOK Bridge of low hills, only a few hundred yards away, hung the full moon. “We could get out and touch it!" I cried. My father smiled, but he did not laugh at me. He was a wise man. and never laughed at children. “ If it doesn’t hurry, it will pet caught in the tree tops," he said. But it esca|ied their entanglement, and rode higher and higher behind us all the way home, making a quiet splendor of the night. Could the little boy who carried this picture treasured vividly in hi?* memory thereafter meet the wort! ‘■moonlight" without an instant association ? I> it sensible to suppose that such scenes and experiences in childhood do not color and enrich the whole future of tlie man? Our enjoyment of most things in this world depends largely upon our private stock of associated ideas, upon the extent, as it were, to which the new stimulus can find friends in our brain. Our enjoyment of art in all its forms depends tremendous- ly upon. the. images of beauty in our memories, by which we test, compare, and appreciate. Keats’s “ The moving waters at their priest-like ta«k Of pure ablution round earth's human shore*.” Against the Sky a delicate black Tracery is sheer magic only to the imagination which can project itself, at the stately call of the verso, into the void and see the earth hall rolling under from the sun while tho starlight glooms its many waters, or which can survey, as from a great cliff, the dark plain of the sea and the curl of foam along a dim shore, stretching endlessly into the night. To answer the call of Keats, the imagination must have its materials of memory to work with, and only Nature can have supplied them. No one, I fancy, who has «ot, stood at night high above the seashore will ever know the full magic of this immortal couplet. No one, too, whose memory does not hold a picture of that in- finite curve of the sea rim, who has not brooded upon the last red topsail sinking " below the vertre." will ever know the full magic of Shakespeare’s “ On such a night Stood Dido, with a willow in her hand. I'pon the wild sea hanks, and waved her love To come again to Carthage.” The sensitive child that is permitted at all hours and all seasons to wander by sea margin and forest, over fields and under the moon, is laying by treasures that are not made with hands. The cruelty of keeping a child iu the city 57*5 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. i9 not alone 11 matter of his bodily health. And it is especially at night, when the daylight pastimes are put aside and the child walks hand in hand with mys- tery, that bis little soul is touched, his dawning memory stocked with immor- tal recollections. There comes a later period of life when night has a |>eenliar charm, because in some subtle way it seems to shut the youth into a great, sweet chamber of darkness, alone with his beloved. She may be far away, but thoughts of her bridge the sleeping world. He may leave her side, but her presence walks with him. and he fears no prying eyes. Night is sacred to lovers no less than to thieves. Shall you, as long as you live, forget the intrm chill of that dark pond across which you nightly paddled, while a guiding light was set in a wiudow behind you? Sometimes the pond was ghostly with n white mist steaming up into the star- light, and your body was enveloped while your head rose above tlie vapor. Now and then a lisli j u m p e d unexpectedly, with a flash of silver and a loud splash. Though it seemed light 011 tho jHind. and you had tho lamp l>ehind for beacon, tlie farther shore, under the woods, was utter black, and you made your landing bv some primitive instinct, glid- ing under the shadow of the trees where the prow of your own canoe was invisible, and hearing at tin* expected moment tlie friendly grate of gravel under the keel. On the shore a path glimmered dimly, and fireflies glinted in the grass. The frogs wore singing. Five miles away you heard tlie faint whistle of a locomotive. Y o u yourself whistled o	n e long - drawn note which went out, over the water, and the lamp twinkling in the distant wiudow disappeared and appeared again, three times. It was essential, you remember, that you prove you hadn’t been drowned! Then you felt your way home through the dark pines, which were warm, like a chamber; felt your way unerringly, for in the night old powers wake, dulled by long dis- use. so accustomed are we to depend al- most exclusively 011 sight. We do not A UlACK CKDAH CUTS THE SKY NIGHT. 577 know till there- is need to walk in the darkness, lor instance, that the soles of our feet have senses. Again it was night when white arms released you, reluctant to be released, and you crossed the cropped lawn which liespoke a more urban neighborhood, and passed through deserted streets and down a short cut over the railroad tracks by the roundhouse. The last train from the city had come in, the trainmen departed. That shocking confession you will have To make! But the locomotives bad a little steam up, and were gently panting as though iu sleep, waiting for morning. There were cracks of light about the doors of their fire-boxes. They were warm, al- most human, and often you paused be- side one. patting its iron flanks, as if you greeted a comrade of the night. A little farther on, your way took you past a cemetery, which by long familiarity held no depression. But once, very late, after the white arms had released you with tears for the terror that hot love has of its own too possible brevity, you saw the moon set behind that cemetery ridge— and you will never forget it. There is no twilight of the moon. As it catches in the trees lief ore setting, a pallor comes over the landscape. Then the moon is seen visibly to plunge down out of sight, as you may see the long hand on a great clock jump the minutes. All the light shivers off the world, and instant- ly tin; body seems to feel a chill and the spirit a strange depression. At. that mo- ment when tlie moon vanished behind the desolate graveyard ridge, you knew a despair such as you pray you may never know again. The reaction from a perhaps too romantic passion was violent and abrupt. You felt “chilly and grown old." You knew you should never love in tlie future with tlie old. ardent heart of youth. That was forever behind you! What a pity, too. your poor heart held for itself! Could there be any morning for this black world? Almost you hoped that tlie re was not. And in this new, utter dork of the spirit you found a strange new thrill. Ah, happy youth—too happy, happy youth— it is not till later that the moon sets for our ardent passions and our hearts of hot Romance! And generally we are al>ed, soundly sleeping, and do not know that, anything ot all has happened. Vol. CXXI.-No 7M.-7-2 The beauty and charm of the outdoor stage (which is slowly gaining favor iu America) are immeasurably enhanced by night. I’nder the kindly cover of the dark, obliterating fences, telegraph poles, and the neighbor’s house, almost any garden grove may become a Forest of Arden or Titania’s abode. Effects of il- lusion are possible unknown to tlie stage of sharp wing pieces and definite pro- scenium. 1 once saw a performance of The Old 1V.Y.V Tale in the orchard back of the Raddiffo College dormitory, where the calcium illuminated a spot between two apple trees, and tho characters came and went by a process of drifting into tho light or melting back into the dark. At first we heard the lost shepherds hallooing in the distance, -and caught the crunch of their feet liefore they drifted bewil- dered into the illumination. Wliat a magic of mystery is here, what a fairy atmosphere, what a fluent, ethereal plas- ticity is possible, when no character is ••lit suddenly and sharply off by a wing piece or a door, but all melt away or prow into being, like the figures in a dream! And yet we sit eternally for our dramatic entertainment in on artificial theatre and let this magic border-land of drama lie unexplored! Only the young people iu our colleges know bet- tor. They are still fwets and lovers of the night. Yet none of us is ever quite so far from childhood, perhaps, that the night has wholly lost for him its charm and its mystery. Still it must remain, at least, the symbol of the Eternal Mystery, which is why, possibly, we grow with advancing years less eager to contemplate it. But there is no man who does not now and then walk by night on the edge of the woods, where the trail is a dim gray rib- lion, and in the moon-deepened shadows see the white nymphs of the Heart’s De- sire. There is no man who. on a summer night, does not now and then pause to listen for the myriad tiny sleigh-bells of the crickets, chimes of elf-land faintly ringing, which fall into one chord at regular intervals, and bring to the heart an inexpressible calm, to the turbid spirit a sleepy hush of peace. There is no man who. somewhere, somehow—it may be over o lawn in Central Park, or in his own garden, or just on the deserted pave 578 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. of a city street—does not watch the moon obliterate the ugliness of the world with a soft suffusion of its golden light, and does not hear for an instant the whisper of the old Romance. Perhaps there is no man, when the insect cares of life annoy and the Pilgrim’s pack is galling and heavy, who does not one night throw open his window and gaze into the im- mensity of silent space, into the great garden of the patient stars. The man meditates in silence, carried out of him- self. How small he feels, and yet how large! How petty his selfish interests nnd worries in the face of this infinity of worlds! How large his soul which can roam the interstellar spaces! New strength pours in upon him from tlie deeps of heaven. The insect cares have ceased to sting, the heavy burden is for- gotten. He is one with the brooding mystery of the night, he has joined Orion in the infinite march with God. To-night there has been a thaw. I stepped out on tlie city square before my dwelling. The slushy snow, fouled al- most beyond recognition by human traffic, lay in tho gutters and in patches on the grass. The air was warm, almost like ' spring, but there was no spring smell iu it. Instead, there was a heavy, stale, ] dead odor, at best as of a world warmed over. But I looked up. Against the misty silver of the arc-lamps the trees threw a delicate tracery of black, as lovely as those swamp maples against the twilight when I was a little boy. Still higher, the electric cross on the church tower blazed upon the sky like a constellation. The stars were overhead. It was late, and the city’s roar was stilled. A far- off bell flung a chime to me over the housetops. It seemed as if the cows were calling from the upland pastures. The mind takes wings under the silent dome of night. Sleep is but the lesser part of our sunless hours, and day itself, perhaps, the lesser part of what in future times unguessed we shall most delight to remember. The Judgment Tree BY ANTOINETTE A. BASSETT TWO souls stood up before tho Lord As we must do. “ Israfil, what dost thou record Against these two?” The little blossoms shone like gold Upon the tree— The- angel read the book that told Of destiny. “ The first—O Lord—achieved success. But bore it ill; And tlie last failed, but through distress Perceived Thy will.” The little leaves of heaven shook fast Upon the tree. “ Brother,” the Lord said to tlie last. “ Remain with me.” With That Measure of Love BY NORMAN DUNCAN IT was snowing: tlie flakes wore shaken to the wind from a thick sky to which the moon save a nar- rowing circle of misty light. The gale came from the farther northwest. It ran over the pines, broken free of the mountains, and, careering unaware, tum- bled headlong into the little clearing at Kettle Camp of the Cant-book Cutting, where it swirled bewildered and angry. Having rattled the windows of the btink- housos in a flush of indignation—and having shaken the floors in complaint— and having beaten the roofs in a vicious prank of the night—and having poked cold and searching fingers with impudent curiosity into every smallest crevice of these low log habitations—and having howled in the lustiest fashion through all the agitated experience—it rushed away to the big woods, whisking off the smoke of the cabin fires and their short- lived sparks. The smoke found good company and an engaging adventure with the roistering wind, it seemed; but tho aspiring little sparks, flashing gladly in the free wind’s wake, died of frosty hardship in the first eager flight. It was Sunday night: an idle time—with cold weather and a blinding gale to keep men close to encouraging company and to the fires. Bowl, the scaler, weathered to the knot and grain of his tall nature by forty years of forest labor, nnd grown vastly sentimental in the selfsame silence and isolation and forming companionship, kicked open the door of the super- intendent’s stove, and Hung in more wood, growling contemptuously in answer to the wind’s big roaring, his broad face scowl- ing and red in the furnace glow. “ The trouble with you. Bowl,” said the young superintendent, blandly, “is that you’ve been in the woods all your life. You see—” “Rut.” Rowl interrupted, indignantly, it ain’t 110 trouble t,’ me. I'm satisfied.” “ What 1 mean.” the superintendent patiently explained, “ is that you don’t know nothing about the great big world which doesn’t know nothing about you— nor cares a water-soaked hoot about you, nor about me, nor none of the boys, just so long as the big sticks gets in the river and down to the mill. You see,” he added, with an indulgent little laugh. “ you don’t know the world.” “ T know my world,” Rowl answered, in a flash. “Yes-s,” the superintendent drawled; “ but there ain’t much in your world.” “Just me and the woods,” said Rowl. “Just me and the woods,” he repeated, in a muse, “ and—” “ 1 suppose,” said the superintendent, interpreting the pause, “ that you mean Gawd?” “ I don’t mean what you mean,” Rowl replied, “ but only what you say. I mean God; but what that means t’ me,” he added, without intention to wound. “ doesn’t mean nothin’ much of the same simple, every-day, common-sense sort o’ thing t’ you.” “There’s a lumber-jack or two?” the superintendent inquired. “Oh. aye!” Rowl answered. “There’s a lumber-jack or two, as you say, in my world; and I’m reminded by that that there’s also just one parson.” We could in politeness make 110 answer to all this sentimentality. “ Now.” said Rowl. warming to the eloquence by which he was occasionally distinguished (he had in these years been a great reader of grave books), “ it’s all very well for you young lusty bucks t’ squat here at this fire on a windy night an’ guess about men an’ women. Tt’s all very well for you t’ warm your shanks, an’ toast your soles, an’ gab an’ declare about men an’ women. It’s all very well for you t’ take a child’s chart o’ the world in your hands an’ discover the worth of a man to a woman an’ the service she owes him. It’s all very well for you, 580 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. I’ve no doulit, t’ look for God’s purposes, in the dark an’ troubled hearts of us all, with a lantern o’ half-baked experience an’ selfish wishes. It’s youth t’ guess— t' guess, an’ t’ have no obligation, an' t’ pay nothin’. It's youth t’ take without tbinkin’ an’ t’ complain o’ burnt fingers; it’s youth t’ blame God for its own stupidity; it’s youth t’ plan a better world than the Ancient of Days Himself could make with His own Almighty Hands out o' the knowledge of 11 is years and all the pain o’ them; it’s youth to excuse itself, an’ t’ find fault, an’ t’ whine of injustice, an' t’ curse the law it has of- fended in stupidity. It’s age t' laugh at guesses; it's age t’ content itself with wonder—t’ find wisdom in visions—t’ know the law—to accept an’t’ be still. “An’ as for Gingerbread Jenkins, an’ the parson, an’ the woman,” he conclud- ed, his emotion breaking in a quiet chuckle, “ why—” The superintendent laughed. “ Well.” the sealer drawled, “ I never could quite figure it out that a sot o’ Thirty Drinks hail much t’ spare in the same room with the mother of a child.” “What child?” “ Why. any child!” Rowl burst out. “ Anybody’s child! Don’t you under- stand ?” We listened. . . . “ ’Tis a big and curious world, 110 doubt,” Rowl began, after a little brood- ing pause, with a chuckle in which was more of melancholy than of laughter, “ an’ no discredit t’ the reputation of its Maker, as I do grant an’ believe. I’ve been a lover o’ books in my time, though no great reader o’ the hearts o’ livin’ men; but ’tis doubtless true o’ cities, as ’tis the almighty truth o’ these woods, that a man’s soul gives him small bother ’til lie's strangled it. ’Tis right there on the job, mindin’ its own business, workin’ overtime, with as little fuss as may be an’ no thanks at all, t’ turn out courage an’ hope an’ kindness fresh for the day’s need. But in all the world ’tis God help a man once lie’s seen his soul lyin’ dead at his feet! There’s always a land left, no doubt, where the law can’t find a man. a new place, on the face o’ the earth, t’ hide from what can’t follow; but there’s no new land for the man who’s once clapped eyes 011 his own dead soul. An’ ’twas so with poor Gingerbread Jenkins. He come blithe from the North Coast, by way o’ the Maine woods, t’ log on Bottle River, out here in the West, n lad as clean as morning, with a taste for stars an’ trees, an’ the habit o’ chuckles, an’ with the same word for all women as for the mother he’d write to every Sunday night by the light of a lantern in his bunk. But ’twas 110 great tale o’ years, as the years fall upon care- ful men. before Pale Peter’s whiskey an’ the lights o’ Thirty Drinks had turned him into a gray - headed, shrivelled, frowsy, mouthy little grouch of a swamper in the meanest camps o’ the State. “ ‘ Good God!’ they’d say. that knew him once; ‘is that young Gingerbread Jenkins?’ “‘Jus’ tlie lcavin’s,’ says I. ‘That used t’ be Gingerbread Jenkins. The devil’s picked him t’ the bones.’ ‘“Quick work,’ says they. “ ‘ The devil feeds fast on a good man,’ says T, ‘ when not interrupted.’ “ But Gingerbread didn’t know. *	Rowl,’ he’d whine, when he’d como crawlin’ back t’ camp from Thirty Drinks, all a-jump an’ coughin’, ‘ I’ve had my fling, now, an’ I’m through. I know when I got enough.’ “ ‘ Huh!’ says I. “‘Yes. 1 am,’ says he. ‘I’m through.’ “‘You’re through, all right, ’til you make another stake,’ says I, 1 an’ get the stomach t’ hold it just where you’ll put it.’ “ ‘ I’m gettin’ too old t’ travel with the boys,’ says he. ‘ I’m tired, too, Rowl; an’ I want t’ get somebody t’ take care o’ me.’ “‘Who might that lie?’ says I. “ ‘ Well,’ says he, ‘ a woman.’ “ ‘ It’s been done before,’ says I. “‘Jus’ about time I married,’ says he, ‘ an’ settled down.’ “ ‘ It’s been done before,’ says I. ‘ by men like you.’ “‘Yes,’ says he; ‘that’s the way it goes, as a usual thing. You see, Rowl. it’s natural. When a man gets t’ my age lie’s pretty much always had his fill: 1111’ then he just naturally marries an’ settles down.’ “ ‘ What you gettin’ married for?' says I. I KNOW MY WORLD,” ROWL ANSWERED IN A FLASH HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. “ ‘ Well,’ says he., ‘ nothin’ like a good woman t’ steady a man. You lake a good woman, Rowl, an’ if she’s been well fetched up an’ careful of herself, she’ll be clever at that, as well as useful in other ways. That’s the business o’ women. A good woman, Rowl—a sweet little womanly sort o’ girl who’s lived all her life in her own home an’ not seen too much o’ the world—is jus’ the sort o’ wife a man who’s lived too free will get for himself if he knows what he’s about. An’ a man who’s lived too free isn’t the sort to be fooled in a little mat- ter like that. I know you, Rowl,’ says he, ‘ an’ 1 know you’re no hand for matri- mony ; but you’re makin’ a big mistake. There ain’t nothin’ in the world like a good woman t’ take care of a man, an’ steady him. when lie’s had his fill. I been thinkin Y says he, ‘that if I went slow, an’ picked 'em over, on’ chose with my eyes open, I might get the rijrht sort t’ look after me. I’d be a sight better off,’ says he, ‘ with a little homestead out here, an’ a wife t’ keep it, than I am sleepin’ in a bunk-house an’ pushin’ my stake over the bars o’ Thirty Drinks. An’, any- how.’ says he, ‘ I’m tired o’ liquor.’ “‘You got a little woman handy?’ says I. “‘Not handy,’ says he; ‘but back where I come from. Rowl, there’s a little girl tlmt used t’ be wonderful fond o’ me. She’s a comfortable little thing, too, Rowl. an’ might answer very well, if I cive her a fair show in the beginning. A man ought t’ give a little girl like that a chance t’ get the hang o’ things before he passes judgment on whether she’s goin’ t’ do or not. There’s many a man that, doesn’t; but as for me, I’m not o’ that kind—I got feelin’s. T been thinkin’ o’ the little thing back home,’ says he, ‘but I haven’t quite made up my mind.’ “ ‘ How long is it since you’ve saw her?’ says I. “ * She’s not overly old yet,’ says he. “ ‘ What I meant t’ say,’ says I, ‘ is how long is it since she’s saw you?' “ ‘ A man.’ says he. ‘ don’t change much in fifteen year.’ ‘“That’s all ripht.’ says I; ‘but the tliinp for you t’ do, jus’ now. Ginger- bread, is t’ report t’ the office an’ go swampin’ the new road t’ the landin’ 011 Round Island Lake.’ “‘Swampin’!’ says lie. ‘Me—swamp- in’ again! You jus’ wait ’til I get mar- ried, Rowl, an’ I'll show you what a man like me can do.’ “‘Nothin’ like a little swampin’,’ says I, ‘ t’ show a man jus’ what he really can do.’ “ Well.” Rowl went 011, “ Gingerbread Jenkins went home, after the drive o’ that year, t’ fetch a wife t’ keep the home- stead of his poor mean dream. “ ‘ I’ll be back in the fall, boys.’ says he. * with a comfortable little wife t' make home attractive an’ keep me straight. I’ve had my fill,’ says he. ‘an’ I’m goin’ t’ settle down. I’m wise,’ says he, ‘ t’ what’s good for me.’ “‘God help him!’ thinks I; ‘lie’s a harsh lesson t’ learn at. the hand o’ the Almighty’s law an’ may take unkindly t’ the teach in’.’ “What the little pirl that used t’ love the young eyes an’ soul of him said. God knows! but I’m thinkin’ she blushed ashamed, when the leavin’s o’ young Gingerbread Jenkins croaked o’ love, an’ that she was frightened, too, an’ sick at heart, an’ that she prayed with tears, that night, in her white little bed. be- cause the Almighty had piven her new an’ sadder knowledge o’ the mystery o’ men. There was never a word of her from Gingerbread Jenkins when lie turned up alone at the Big Chance camps in the fall o’ the year; nor lias there been since. She’s back there now, I’m think- in’, with the grief an’ loneliness that come t’ women who love an’ are ill- taught about love by the men they glorify. As for Gingerbread Jenkins, he’d been back home, not only t’ old places, but to other years; an’ memory had taught him the change in his own soul, an’ lie was broken down when lie come again t’ the woods. ‘“I been back home. Rowl,’ says he; ‘ but T didn't stay overlong.’ “ ‘ You stopped at Thirty Drinks, any- how,’ says I. ‘ 011 the way back.’ “‘.Tus’ for a little liquor,’ says he. ‘ You see, Rowl, liquor’s like medicine to a man like me.’ “ ‘ Yes ?’ says I. “‘I don’t care nothin’ about it no more.’ says he. ‘It ain’t a beverage; it’s jus’ medicine—for a man like me.’ WITH THAT MEASURE OF LOVE. “‘ ’Tis a poor euro.’ says I, ‘for a man’s soul.’ “* Well. Rowl,' says he. ‘ I got a good deal t’ forget.’ “ ‘ See tlie folks V says I. “‘Spent most o’ my time.’ says he, *	with a little hoy.' “ ‘ That's queer,' says I. “ ‘ No.’ says he; ‘ it ain't queer at all.’ “‘Never knew,' says I. ‘that you was much of a hand for children.’ “ ‘ Well,’ says he, ‘ I used t' know this little feller real well.’ Your nephew?’ says 1. “* No.’ says lie; ‘ not my nephew. Hut 1 used t’ know him,’ says lie. ‘ real well.’ “‘ A ol' chum’s kid?’ says I. “‘No, Rowl/ says he; ‘no—not a ol' chum’s kid. Jus’ a little feller T used t’ know.’ ‘“'Tis a wonder ho knew you.' says I. “ ‘ Well,’ says lie, ‘ he had some doubts.' “‘ He must be growed up by this time,’ says I. “ ‘ Well, no,’ says he; ‘ ho wasn’t growed at all. Somehow or other.’ says lie, ‘ ho was jus’ the same jolly little feller I used t' know—real well.’ “ ‘ That’s queer,’ says I. “ ‘ You see, Rowl.’ says he, ‘ all my folks is dead, an’ the folks that used t,’ know Jimmie Jenkins, an't’ be real fond of him, too, has boon so busy, the last fifteen years, that they couldn’t quite lake t’ Gingerbread Jenkins. After T made a little call on—on—well, on a old friend o’ mine—I passed a good deal o’ time alone; an' one day when I was pass- in’ the oandy-shop I found this little feller—this same little feller I used t' know—lookin’ in the window. The little monkey! There he was. Rowl. lookin' in the window o* the oandy-shop an’ pickin’ an’ choosin’ like mad. The little tyke! I used t’ know him real well. A nice lit- tle feller, Rowl—jus’ a real nice little boy I used t' know—with blue eyes an’ freckles—an’ a little grin. Rowl, an' a little laugh, an' a little head full o’ the nicest kind o’ mischief. Ho didn’t know •10 wickedness. Rowl; an’ he didn't know no trouble, an' everybody loved him. too. you bet! So after that me an' him passed a good deal o’ time together. We went t’ the woods. Rowl. an’ t’ Sunday-school, °n’ t’ the circus lot. an’ down the river. an’ over t’ the ball-gronnds, an’ up t’ the Gingerbread Jenkins school-yard when the boys was in. an' jus’ everywhere else where the boys used t' go when I was a boy like him. An' then. Rowl. it struck me that he was a bit too young an' nice t' be loafin’ around with a man like me. Seemed t' mo. some- how, that I might spoil him. I wanted (<• keep him friendly and good: an’ so I thought I'd better ooirte back t’ the woods where Gingerbread Jenkins was bom.’ “ * Seems t’ me,’ says I. ‘ that I. too. used t’ ki'.ow that little feller.’ “ ‘ You did.’ says he; * but he was a bit older then.’ ‘“He was a niee clean boy,’ says I. ‘ when I first knowed him.’ 584 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE “ * Was he ?’ says he. * Really mean it. Rowl?’ ‘“A good boy.’ says I. “ ‘ Rowl,’ sa.vs he. ‘ I’ve lost my soul!’ “ ‘ It may be lyin’ around somewheres handy,’ says I. ‘ I wouldn’t worry.’ “ ‘ I’ve lost it!’ says he. “ ‘ Well,’ says I, * when a man once misses his soul, an’ wants it back again, he can usually find it, if ho takes the trouble t’ look for it right away.’ “ * I’ll never find mine,’ says he. “ ‘ Not,’ says I, 4 if you carry your can- dle in a bottle.’ ” Rowl paused to sigh. “ They care no more for a man’s soul in the shanty saloons of a Western lumber town,” the scaler continued, presently, “ than for a sour tin can. They toss ’em into the garbage-pail, or throw ’em into the back yard, with the same wish t-’ keep their barrooms ready for business. In Pale Peter’s place at Thirty Drinks, an’ in every other ramshackle, squattin’, packin’-box-an’-tar-paper dive o’ the town, from llio Cafe of Egyptian De-lights t’ the Lnmber-jack’s Rest, they never give Gingerbread Jenkins a show. When Thirty Drinks goes west-b.v-north on the trail o’ the lumber-camps. I’m tliinkin’, there’ll lie a marvellous heap o’ castaway souls left with tho tin cans an’ ol' shoes on the site of it. Gingerbread Jenkins worked at the Big Chance camps that winter, an* wasted in the saloons o’ Thirty Drinks. ‘You see. Rowl,’ says he, ‘I got a good ileal t' forget.’ ’Twas a week’s harsh labor to his middle in snow for a night’s waste lined up at Pale Peter’s bar with a drove o’ squealin’ swine. ‘ You see, Rowl, I’ve lost my soul,’ says he. ‘ an’ I jus’ got t’ forget it.’ A wonderful fuss he made about that soul when well gone in liquor. There was never a man so drunk—none so foul— that he. wouldn’t buttonhole an’ bore him with a whimperin’ tale of his state an’ condition an’ what he used t’ be. But that was Gingerbread Jenkins: ’twas spree in town t’ forget the shivers in camp. That was Gingerbread Jenkins before the Reverend John Fairmeadow followed him out t’ the middle o’ No Man’s Lake an’ opened his bottle in a blizzard o’ wind an’ snow. “ I mind I encountered Gingerbread Jenkins, shakin’ with the liquor o’ three days gone, an’ drunk with the day’s drinks, leaniu’ over Pale Peters bar, that night. A mad night, too: Christmas week—with the crews from Kettle an’ Big Bend paid off an’ upendin', an’ an Irish outfit from the Yellow Tree works t' raise hell. “ ‘ Come out o’ this!' says I. “ ‘ No time,’ says he. “ ‘ No time, ye fool!’ says I. ‘ You’ve no time?’ “ ‘ You see. Rowl,’ says be, ‘ I’m busy.’ “ ‘ ’Tis no strange occupation,’ says T. ‘You’ve worked hard at it heretofore an’ might rest.’ “ ‘ All the same,’ says lie. ‘ I’m busy.’ “‘Gingerbread,’ says I, ‘what’s this new job. anyhow ?’ “ ‘ Well. Rowl.’ says he. ‘ I’m insultin’ tlie devil.’ “‘Why?’ says I. “ ‘ I don’t like him,’ says he. ‘ He irritates me. An’, anyhow,’ says he, ‘I want t’ get even.’ “ ‘ ‘Tis a thankless profession,’ says I. “‘You see,’ says he, ‘ I'm doin’ jus’ as much damage as I can in tlie time I got left.’ “ ‘ You’ll never get even,’ says I. “‘Not if I waste my time like this,’ says he. ‘ I ain’t got much time,’ says he; ‘but by God! Rowl, I'll make tlie ol’ man squirm while T can. I’ll sauce him. by God! I’m fightin’ mad, Rowl. Never was so mad before. I want t’ get even. God knows!’ says he. ‘ I want t’ get as near even as I can with the devil that misled me. I ain’t got much time left, neither, t’ do it in: but I’m usin’ my time t’ tlie best advantage.’ With that he turned t’ the bar. ‘ What’s t’ become o’ all you boys, anyhow?’ says he, lookin’ the length of it. ‘Eli?’ says he. ‘ Is you boys got t’ tliinkin’ you can dodge the lightnin’ o’ the Lord God A’mighty? All hands at this here bar.’ says he, ‘ is a-goin’ t’ hell. That’s what! You’re hell-bent, you poor damn’ fools an’ sots an’ pigs. Haven’t I warned you? Eh? Haven’t I been bangin’ over this here bar for the last half-hour a-tcllin’ you you’re goin’t’ hell ? You can’t blame me for it.’ He called the bartender then. ‘ Charlie, boy,’ says he. in a whisper, hardly able t’ talk on account of his cold. ‘ pass the bottle. T’m athirst an’ parched WITH THAT MEASURE OF LOVE. for rum. Look here, boys,’ says he, when he’d swallowed his whiskey. ‘ There’ll be pome o’ you get t’ hell before I do if the rum holds out air the signs read true. An’ when you come face t’ face with 01’ Nick—an’ when the choir o’ wee black imps waves their little pitch- forks an’ strikes up the hymn o’ wel- come—an’ when Ol' Nick takes you by the hand—you may give him a dig in the ribs for me, boys, if you’ve the mind. “‘“Hist, your Honor!” says you; “there’s a hand back there at Thirty Drinks that isn’t no friend o’ youru.” “‘“I’ll never believe it,” says he. “ ‘ “ You’d best beware,” says you; “he's insultin’ you daily, an’ he’d knife you in the back if he got tlie chance.” “*“ At Thirty Drinks?” says he. “ An’ no friend o’ mine?” “‘“The same.” says you. “‘“Huh!” savs he. “Well, well! Much ’bliged. I'm sure. I’ll have t’ look into this. They’re doin’ poorly in the lumlwr-woods these times, it seems.” “‘“Gingerbread Jenkins lie’s called,” says you. “‘“I’ve many friends o’ the name,” says he. ““‘He’s doubtless down on the books,” says you. “as James Alfred Jenkins, of Arg.vle Harbor, on the North Coast. Don’t you make no mistake about the Jenkins,” says you, “ or you’ll rue it. An’ don’t, you let him in hr re. You let Gingerbread Jenkins go Aloft in peace. Otherwise, your Honor,” says you. “ there’ll be a mutiny in hell before you got time t’ clap Gingerbread Jenkins in irons.” ’ “ ‘ I reckon,’ says Pale Peter’s wee lit- tle boy, who was sittin’ on the bar at. my elbow, ‘ that Gingerbread Jenkins would never get in if I kep! hell.’ “Well, well!” Rowl laughed, in a larjn* and hearty way, “ the boys howled with delight an’ bought Gingerbread Jenkins another drink.” He sighed. “ God help him!” said he. “I left him then, preach- •n’ hell an’ damnation, between coughs, in that roarin’ barroom, t’ get even with *be devil, while time was left. He'd struck bottom, all right—an’ struck hard, too: tlu> little Jimmie Jenkins that Cingerbread Jenkins used t.’ know an’ still loved. Voi CXXI.-No. m—73 " It vwfc- snowin' too hard for me t' take •-tlie.-f4}ig Chance trail that night. Th<yS^ yat.' a big gale blowin’ down—a thick fior’wester at thirty below-. Lord I but ’twas a nasty cold night in the open. I’d small stomach for the tote-load from Grass Landin’ through the Blasted C-ednr muskeg: I’d none at all for the frost an’ the sweep o’ the wind on No Man’s Lake. So I sat in the window o’ Pale Peter’s place—-I’m no hand with a bottle—an’ v.atched the snow drive through the light that fell warm an’ yellow from the office. I	thoupht a deal about Gingerbread Jen- kins—perhaps overmuch an’ softly for the harsh kind o’ man I am. I rcmein- bered the day t luit .cpine t’ the Bottle River camp: Irrememljefed tlie clean, live, young look of him, an’ fhe hope he had. an’ tin- morning song on his lips, an’ the love o’ life in his heart, an’ the unspoiled soul that was his. Well, well! lie was a good boy, was Gingerbread Jenkins, in them days—a boy with a straight back, an’ free shoulders, an’ a head held up. an’ eyes that never shifted, an’ a laugh that wasn’t afraid of itself. I’m older than him; an’ I used t’ think, I remcm- ber, that t’ Bottle River at last had come a boy they couldn’t spoil of bis youth an’ his wages. I was young then, after all. I was only a poor damned fool. I didn’t know, as I know now, that never a boy was bom they wouldn’t ruin on Bottle River. Ruin? Ay; never a boy' they wouldn’t ruin for the sheer sport! An’ I kep’ right on believin’ in young Gingerbread Jenkins, in them old days, when lie was a boy, until, one Satur- day night, he went out t’ Thirty Drinks, with ol’ Bum Lush an’ Billy the Beast, t’ learn about life. “‘T’ learn jus’ a little,’ says he. •	about life.’ “ ‘ Don’t you go. Jimmie,’ says I. “ ‘ Jus’ this once,’ says he. ‘ I want to.’ “‘ Don’t you do it.’ says I. “‘Jus’ once,’ says be, ‘won’t do no harm.’ “ ‘ Don’t you go.’ says I. “‘Jus’ this once,’ says he. ‘I’ll only look on.’ “ ‘ No. no!’ says I. “‘.Tus’ this once,’ says he. “ * God help you, Jimmie!’ says I. “ ‘ Jus’ once,’ says he. “ They fetched him back on Monday HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. •Hi- WENT OUT TO LEARN ABOUT LlFF morn in’,” Rowl sighed, “ pretty well in- formed. After thut," he added, repeating tlie sigh. *• he was what you might call a fairly inquirin’ student. An’ that’s the way it goes,” he declared, scowling, “with all the boys that come loggin’ t' these woods.” It was still blowing high. The fire in the superintendent’s office had burned to expiring coals. No comfortable glow of light—no red warmth—110 genial sparkle and crackling—proceeded from it. The room was cold. And now the frosty gale intruded upon us who had forgotten it. And it was blowing a blizzard outside; all the world of the woods was hitter with cold and wind and driven snow— inimical with night. Tho superintendent coaxed the fire to a blaze, and heaped it with dry wood; and while it sputtered and roared with tho lusty intention of recovering itself, we waited for tlie senti- mental old scaler to resume the tu!e of Gingerbread Jen- kins. “ T h e Reverend John Fairmeadow,” he went 011, “ tracked Gingerbread Jen- kins from Pale Peters place t’ the middle o’ Xo Man’s Lake, that night I told you of, an’ fetched him home on his back; and within five days from that time, Ginger- bread Jenkins was converted.” “ Was what?” said the superintendent, “Converted; ’tis the only word I know for the thing.” “Who?” “Gingerbread Jenkins, I’m fellin’ you!” The superintendent laughed. “You may call it what you like.” Rowl replied, in a growl, “ an’ you may lauph to suit the won!; but you don’t prove nothin’ t’ me. I know that John Fairmeadow tracked Gingerbread Jen- kins t’ the middle o’ No Man’s Lake, that night, in a gale that chased me indoors, an’ you wouldn’t face t’ save life, an’ that John Fairmeadow found him then-, half crazy with what he’d had. tryin’ t’ open a bottle o’ whiskey with frozen bands, an’ that he carried him home on his own back. God knows how! What John Fairmeadow done t’ Gingerbread Jen- kins, when he got him home, I don’t know, no more’n you do; but I do know that he kep’ Gingerbread Jenkins in his own room over One-Eyed Mag’s for five •lays, an’ that at the end o’ that time Gingerbread Jenkins was converted, for John Fairmeadow tol’ me so, an’ Ginger- bread Jenkins didn’t deny it. An’ T know, too,” Rowl went 011, his voice rising, “that Gingerbread Jenkins would- n’t stir out-o’-doors without havin’ Mag’* little Angel by the hand, an’ that not a man o’ Thirty Drinks would ask Ginger- bread Jenkins t’ take a dram when little WITH THAT MEASURE OF LOVE. Angel was along. An’ I know, more- over,” he concluded, “that in four weeks Gingerbread Jenkins was himself again —that he come back t’ the Bin Chance camp—that in three months he was rosy, an’ clean, an’ strong, an’ happy, an' no more afraid—that lie was a boss on tho Big River drive o’ that spring—an’ that in the fall o’ the year he was of- fered a superintendent’s job by 01’ Hat Walhveathcr o’ the Yellow Forks Lum- ber Company.” “ That's a good deal t’ know,” said tho superintendent. “ No, it ain’t,” snapped Rowl. “ It’s a good deal t’ know.” “ It’s the kind o’ thing that any fool can find out an’ know that wants to.” “Well.” drawled the superintendent, “I ain’t much up 011 miracles.” “ It’s nothin’ t’ know at all,” said Rowl; “ but it’s a devil of a lot to ex- plain.” The superintendent laughed. “The Reverend John Fairmeadow,” Howl resumed, “ is the parson that preaches in the bunk-houses o’ these woods. God knows where he come from! We’ve no notion hereabouts. But you can bet your life the devil is aware that he is on the spot.. John Fairmeadow’s 011 the job, my boy. from (lie Big River to the camps o’ the Logosli Reservation; there isn't a barroom in four hundred square miles where he can’t call the bartender Johnnie, nor a bunk-house where he isn’t at home. He’s a big man. I mean it: lie’s a great big man—a man of our kind and big by our scale. It took a man big in body an’ heart an’ faith—a bigger man than me in the ways that we know as bigness—t’ put Gingerbread Jenkins 011 his back in tlie middle o’ No Man’s Lake un’ fetch him t’ Thirty Drinks through the wind an’ snow an’ frost o’ that night; an’ it takes a bigger man than any other big man I ever knew t’ operate in a religious fashion, without cant an’ all manner o’ foolishness, in the bunk- houses an’ bars an’ dives o’ these woods. I’m no judge o’ Christians, havin’ han- dled none in my business, an’ I’ve beard ill tales o’ their state in these days; but I know that an ounce o’ John Fair- meadow t’ the gallon o’ this generation’s Christianity would cure the wrongs o’ 587 the world in a day—an’ I draw my own conclusions. ’Tis said by the boys from the East that men dou’t go t’ church no more. I don't know: maybe not. I don’t care. Anyhow, John Fairmeadow’s a minister for men: he’s no little sister o’ the rich. “At this time he had headquarters with One-Eyed Mag, which kept the Mother-Used-t’-Make-It Restaurant, near tin? depot at Thirty Drinks, a large an’ flabby lady, not open t’ suspicion, a per- fectly respectable person, poor soul! 011 account o’ one eye an’ various other varieties o’ looks—these same head- quarters bein’ a home-made institution o’ one room with a barred window for the confinement an’ cure o’ the snakes. There was a bit of a mystery at Mag’s, too, with which the parson had nothin’ to do. ’Twas in the shape of a wee small girl—a pretty little rogue called Angel— which Mag foster-mothered like a lonely hen; an’ ’twas this child that had led Gingerbread Jenkins around by the hand at Thirty Drinks while the wish for liquor was yet on him. ’Twas a mys- tery flint couldn’t be accounted for by 110 guessin’ the boys o’ Thirty Drinks was able for. ’Twas said that a lady from Big Hapids come t’ see the child when nobody was lookin’—a real lady o’ fashion with reasons of her own—an’ I’m able t’ say, as it turned out. that a lady from nearer than Big Hapids would often slip in at the kitchen door of a dark night t’ see little Angel put t.’ bed; but it wasn’t no lady o’ fashion. “ ‘ I’m a converted man. parson,’ says Gingerbread Jenkins, one day in the fall. ' but I’m jus’ as much ashamed o’ my- self ns T used t’ lie. Seems t’ me,’ says he, ‘ that a converted man ought t’ lie doin' somethin’.’ “‘You’re workin’, Gingerbread,’ says the parson. “‘ Oh. shucks!’ says Gingerbread; * any fool can work. I mean somethin’ big an’ real.’ “ ‘ For example, what ?’ says the parson. “ * Well,’ says Gingerbread Jenkins, ‘ takin’ care o’ somebody.’ “ ‘ For example, who V says the parson. “‘Well.’ says Gingerbread, ‘somebody, anyhow.’ “‘But whof “ ‘ Well,’ says Gingerbread, ‘ a woman.’ 58ft HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. “ The parson looked Gingerbread in tho eye for a long time. ‘So?’ says he. “ ‘ Yes,’ says Gingerbread; ‘ seems t’ mo that every decent man ought t’ be rnkin’ care of a woman, whether lie’s a converted Christian man or not. What’s a man fur?’ says he. An’ so I’m fixed an’ determined in this,’ says he, * that a decent man ought t.’ get married, an’ settle down, an’ take care o’ somebody, an’ be somebody/ “‘Are you able t’ take care of any- body?’ says the parson. “‘I’m able,' says Gingerbread, ‘if I’m fit. But that’s what’s botherin’ me. I’ve lived free, in my time,’ says he. ‘ an’ as I figure it out there isn’t much coinin’ t’ the man that’s lived free. So I'm not askin’ much in the way of a woman. ’Most any woman would be good enough for me. I '< I lie able t’ keep the dogs off. anyhow. An’ the more she’d need tnkin’ care of,’ says he, ‘the better I’d like it. You see,’ says he. ‘ that’s a man’s business.’ “‘Say that again,’ says the parson. “‘I says,’ says Gingerbread Jenkins, ‘that the more she’d need takin’ care of the better I’d like it.’ “ The parson jumped up an’ put his hands on Gingerbread’s shoulders. * Do you mean it V says he. ‘ Do you mean it ? —or is this jus’ talk ?’ “‘Talkin’ he hanged!’ says Ginger- bread Jenkins. ‘ I’m not give t’ talkin'. O’ course I mean it!’ “ ‘ You’re a big man. Gingerbread,’ says the parson. ‘ I wonder how big.’ “ ‘ I don’t know,’ says Gingerbread. “‘How big?’ says the parson. “ ‘ Well,’ says Gingerbread, * you bet- ter measure an’ see.’ “ The parson walked the floor in a deal o’ trouble. By an’ by he come up t’ Gingerbread Jenkins again an’ looked him right in the eye. It was then toward the evenin’. John Fairmeadow says. An’ John Fairmeadow turned Gingerbread Jenkins’s face t' the window, an’ looked into his eyes, an’ tried t’ search the last places of his soul. Gingerbread Jenkins says that, he couldn’t stand it 110 longer, by an’ by, an’ that he looked away from John Fairineadow’s eyes t’ the sunset clouds beyond the pines, an’ that he was afraid, but didn’t quite know why. “ ‘ Jimmie,’ says John Fairmeadow, ‘ listen t’ me well: I’m goin’ t’ measure ........... I believe you. I believe in your humility an’ in your love o’ the world for Love's sake. I don’t misunder- stand : I know. Love healed you. whether you know it or not in these words; an’ now ’tis in your heart t’ love, that some other one may be healed by Love also. I believe that you want a woman t’ take care of—t’ guard an’ cherish from the ills o’ life—because you believe it t’ be tlie duty o’ men t’ care for women. Listen t’ me well, Jimmie Jenkins: I’m goin' t’ measure you, now. You may do, if you will, what no other Christian man I know or ever knew—not I, most of all, God help me!—not I—would do for Love’s sake. Stand up, Jimmie Jenkins,’ says he, ‘ an’ be measured by the measure o’ Love!’ “Gingerbread Jenkins was frightened. ‘ What’s all this, parson ?’ says he. ‘ What you mean ?’ “ ‘ I know a woman.’ “ ‘ What woman ?’ “ ‘ A needy woman with a heart turned toward n love just like this.’ “‘Then,’ says Gingerbread Jenkins, ‘fetch her out. If I’m fit. I’m willin’.’ “ ‘ There’s little Angel.' says the parson. “ ‘ I love her.’ says Gingerbread Jen- kins. “ ‘ She has a mother.’ “‘The mother o’ little Angel!’ says Gingerbread Jenkins. ‘ The mother o’ little Angel—an’ me! I'm not fit. She’s a lady!’ The mother of little Angel.’ says the parson, ‘ is no lady.’ “ Gingerbread Jenkins jumped away from him. ‘What you sayin’?’ says he. ‘I can’t do that! I can’t! Man, I tell you T can’t! I’m jus’ not able.’ “‘No,’ says John Fairmeadow; ‘no man could do that.’ “‘Speak plain.’ says Gingerbread Jen- kins. ‘ Little Angel’s mother no lady ( What is she, then?’ “ ‘ What have you been. James Jen- kins?' “‘I’m not what I was,’ says Ginger- bread Jenkins. “ ‘ Nor is she,’ says the parson. “‘Parson,’ says Gingerbread Jenkins. ‘I guess it’s jus’ about time for you t’ lead in prayer. Prayer’s a pretty good thing in a case like this. An’ I’m tired,' says he. ‘I’m all tired out. an’ I want t be prayed for. My heart’s fixed on doin’ I M NOT WMAT 1 WAS. SAID Gl.SGERMREAD Je.VKINS right,’ says lie; ‘but I don’t know what is right.’ Nor do I,’ says the parson. “Gingerbread Jenkins says that at that very minute a flood o’ sunshine broke over the clouds an’ made the whole world light” “ And so.” said the superintendent, “they were married?” “ They was, in course o’ time,” Rowl fcplied, gravely; “an’ John Fairmeadow done it.” The young superintendent whistled. “She tvas a sweet little woman,” Rowl went on, in a muse. “ She was sweet, an’ pretty, an’ modest as ever a bride could he, an’ shy in tlie company o’ so much joy. Never a bride whose eyes shone briirhter! “‘God bless her!’ said T. in my heart; ‘nn’ God bless ol’ Gingerbread Jenkins!’ “ An.” Rowl concluded, “ God has.” “ The tale has a happy ending,” the superintendent laughed. “ Accordin’ t’ the last word from Saskatchewan,” Rowl agreed. “ An’ I've observed.” be added, “ that a man o’ good courage will usually unravel a happy endin’ from the tangle of his life.” “A Lady in Black,” by William M. Chase WHILE portrait-painters portray things seen, in every work of the highest rank the element of individuality, the subconscious self of the sitter, rises above external likeness and awakens a lasting in- terest. Portraits in which this quality is vividly brought out will interest beholders years hence to whom the sitter is wholly unknown. Great portrait-painters always reveal deep consciousness of the personality of their sitters, hinting at things thought, felt, and dreamed about. Knowing such portraits, one never confuses them. They stand forth as distinct revelations, showing the painter’s gifts of perception and power to lift his work upon a plane beyond the ability of common mortals, and to send forth some message that will meet the needs of the soul. From this point of view it will be seen that it is not the subject but the artist, and what he contributes, which gives the abiding interest to a portrait. The range of Mr. Chase’s achievements is remarkably varied. In bis portraits, which are now under con- sideration. his expression has striven to meet the demands made by the individuality of his subject. His visual perception is extraordinary. Hut with all he may do of set purpose in recording what his eye sees, more is accom- plished by the eliminating aud harmonizing process of the unconscious mind in its effort to express the hidden im- port of character. Hut fashions in feeling and in the way of seeing men and things change with the ages. That is why the art of to-day is unlike the art of the eighteenth or the sixteenth century. The glory of Chase or Sargent differs from the glory of Gainsborough or Van Dyck or Titian. The taste of to-day demands of the painter truth and vigor rather than courtly elegance, hence from Chase or Sargent we never look for the grace- ful, flattering portrait of those earlier times. But we do expect a likeness marked by vitality, showing the artist’s individual gifts of perception, but without arti- ficial embellishment or idealization. W. Stanton Howard. "A LADY IN BUCK," BY WILLIAM M CHASE Engraved on Wood by Henry Wolf from the Original Painting  The Microbe as Social Reformer BY ROBERT W. BRUERE General Agent of the New York Association for Improving the Condition of the Poor IX the sumraei of 1892 the startling: news Hash,m! across the world that tho hosts of Cholera had risen up in Persia, that they had inarched through Russia and western Europe, destroying thousands; that Hamburg: was under siege, and that the scourge was about to invade America. On the 31st of Au- gust the cholera-ridden steamship Mo- ravia was reported at quarantine in New York. with the Normannia, Itugia, Scandia, Heligoland, Bothnia, all from Hamburg, following in close order. Had the Pied Piper threatened the de- faulting burghers of Hamelin with a re- turn of all the rats he had piped into the river Weser, with all the rats of Hanover eity besides, those over-thrifty Bruns- wickers could not have matched the terror of New York—and, for that, matter, of the entire menaced nation—seventeen years ago. Yet. strangely enough, it was this very intensity of the popular fear that was destined to make tlie cholera of 1892 remarkable for its be- neficent consequences. For fully a decade the officers of the New York Health Department, instruct- ed by the discoveries of such scientists as Pasteur and Koch, had asked in vain for a bacteriological laboratory as a base from which to make thoroughgoing war. not only upon epidemics such as cholera and yellow fever, but also upon all forms of endemic contagion—diphtheria, tuber- culosis. and the like. But in those days even the medical profession were disposed *o ridicule the idea that myriads of “little bugs ” could flourish upon the minute corpuscles of the blood to our bodily de- duction. And ns for the people at large ~who were in the last analysis respon- sible for the denial by the stolid financial nuthorities of the Health Department’s request—their state of mind was pre- cisely like that of the dwellers in the nneient Turkish city of Van. of whom Mr. F. I). Greene, then a missionary of the American Board, tells me the follow- ing story: A caravan had brought cholera into the city over the route travelled centuries before by Xenophon and his Ten Thou- sand. The disease spread rapidly, for its progress was greatly facilitated by tlie water-supply that came from a near- by mountain and ran through the streets in open ducts. The population of the eity was equally divided between Mohammedans and Ar- menian Christians. The missionaries knew that cholera entered the body only through the mouth, and that the microbes might be destroyed by high temperature; they determined accordingly to persuade the people to boil their food and drink, ami sterilize their cooking utensils. The Mohammedans were impervious to ad- vice; they declared that inasmuch as Allah had written upon every man’s fore- head the precise moment and manner of his death, it was both useless and blas- phemous to try to thwart His will by infidel precautions. The Armenians, while not equally fatalistic, showed, like their contemporaries in New York, the indifference born of ignorance. It was only when people began to die by the hundred that the fear of death stirred their lethargy. Then they turned to their priest. Hovsep Vartabed, for help. Now when the missionaries had asked Hovsep V art a lied to explain to his congre- gation the nature of cholera, he had re- plied that the lives of the people were in the hands of the women who prepared the food, and that they were too ignorant to comprehend the difference between a germ and a mountain-lion. But the in- genious priest had resources of his own. He gathered his flock into the great Arme- nian church, and when they were packed as close as they could sit upon the floor, he put on his flowing clerical robes, mounted the pulpit, and shaking his long, bony fin- ger, began to harangue them as follows: HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 592 “ Have 1 not told you, miserable sin- ners, that unless you repented and were more zealous in your religious duties. God would surely punish youBehold, He has permitted the water to swarm with little snakes, so that the people per- ish. Whence came these snakes ? Verily I say unto you that they are nought but devils that God has unloosed from hell to chasten you sinners. Disguised as lit- tle snakes, they hove fled to the water to cool off. Woe unto them that drink tho cup of Satan, or cook in unhallowed water, for them the devils will surely seize and destroy. There is only one way of escape: make the water so hot that the imps will be glad to run back to Gehen- na. whence they came. When the water boils, you may know that every bursting bubble is a devil that, leaps from the pot!” This announcement was received with cries of alarm and moans of repentance. The women did not wait for the benedic- tion; they arose like startled pigeons, rushed home, and began boiling busily. And it was fully two months after the last case of cholera was reported that the kettles of Van cooled down. The New-Yorkers of 1S92 were quite as benighted in respect to public health as these Armenian Christians, only they were far less religious; so that when the cholera-ridden ships ot their gates ter- rified them with the fear of death they turned to the Health Deportment, as the people of Van turned to their priest, for protection. The department did not answer with a fable; its officers simply renewed their request for a bacteriological laboratory. They explained again that cholera was nothing but a microbe, or rather swarm- ing myriads of microbes, as destructive to man as the seventeen-year locusts to the plants of the field, but so infinitesi- mally small that they might easily elude the utmost vigilance, unless the depart- ment were equipped with the powerful lenses essential to microscopic research. And this announcement, too. was received with expressions of alarm and repent- ance—and the Hoard of Estimate and Apportionment voted the requisite funds. Thus it was that the cholera of 1892 caused the establishment of the first municipal bacteriological laboratory in the world, and not only inaugurated a new era in governmental methods of con- serving public health, but also gave a fresh impulse to the revolution that science had already initiated in the popular, fatalistic conception of disease and death. To-day the scouts of tlie laboratory keep sharp watch not only of the ships entering the port, but also over the milk and water supply, the oyster beds, the meat and vegetable markets, and all the various channels within and without the city through which destructive mi- crobes can enter. Already the results have been inspiring, and justify the department in adopting the motto of Pasteur, that it is within their power to rid the city of every para- sitic disease, hardly excepting old age itself. There is a certain dramatic in- terest in the mere recital of some of the tacts of achievement. In November. 1848, tlie packet-ship New York arrived from Havre with cholera on board; during the remainder of that and the following year 5,073 peo- ple died in a population of 380,000. In November, 1865. the steamship Atlanta. also from Havre, arrived with cholera on board; during the remainder of that and the following year 1,147 people died in a population of 750,000. In 1892, the date of the bacteriological laboratory, only nine people died in a population of 2,000,000! And. what is of special sig- nificance, the disease was not only re- stricted to a few coses, but. to quote the con temporary report of the Health De- partment, “each case was confined prac- tically to the room in which it occurred,” \ showing that epidemics can be prevent- ed by isolation, scientific care, and dis- infection when the microscope definitely reveals the whereabouts of the disease- hrecding germs. Since 1892 cholera has been unknown in New York. Moreover, typhus fever, that before 1892 took many lives each year, has entirely disappeared. Typhoid, though its annual toll is still high, owing to its ability to steal into the city in milk, on fruit, on the legs of the common house-fly, and especially in the bodies of so-called “ typhoid - carriers ” — bakers, dairymen, and others, who. once having had the disease, retain it in their systems after recovery, and spread it through the food and drink they touch—is no longer T1IE MICROBE AS SOCIAL REFORMER. 593 nn epidemic disease. When it pulls off an “outbreak,” an the Health Depart- ment calls its sporadic appearance, it is swiftly localized, thanks to the micro- scope, and usually as swiftly suppressed. In 1892 diphtheria destroyed in what is now Greater New York 3.243 lives, and 4,530 in 1894. Then in 1895 the bacteri- ological laboratory reinforced its micro- scopic work with the manufacture of diphtheria antitoxin. The deaths from the disease immediately diminished, until in 1907 they had dropped to 1.(114, al- though the city had added a million to its population. In brief, the microbe, by appearing as the true cause of pathological conditions, has shown how disease may he conquered. In New York, as elsewhere when similar methods have been adopted, the general death rate has splendidly fallen—only from 20.68 in the thousand iu 18(i!i to 20.11 in 1891; but then to 25.38 iu 1892, when the laboratory began its work; to 19.81 in 1897; nnd to 18.10 in 1903. If the death rate of 1892 prevailed to-day, the city’s annual mortality would be in- creased by 25.000 souls! Surely this is an inspiring record. And yet since 1903 the general death rate has again become almost stationary. What is the trouble? There has been no slack- ness iu the administration of the Health Department. But an examination of tlie departmental records reveals a curious faet: the diseases that are stationary, or whom* destructiveness is actually grow- ing, nre the diseases of poverty: pneu- monia, that preys upon the fatigued ami those whose resistant vitality is low; tuberculosis, that haunts the huddled tene- ments; and those diseases of infancy that multiply where mothers are frail, or over- worked. or cannot for various reasons nurse their children—diarrhea and so- called “ congenital debility.” With these, and especially with tuber- culosis and the aforenamed diseases of infancy, sanitary science alone has seem- ed unable to cope. Accordingly, as pecul- iarly the diseases of poverty, they have opened the doors of the Health Depart- ment to “ social ” workers—that is, to tlie servants of organized charity, the mod- ern Samaritan. Soon after the establishment of tlie municipal bacteriological laboratory a Vol. CXXI —No TU.—14 change took place in the theory of phi- lanthropy no less radical than that in- augurated iu the popular theory of dis- ease by the cholera microbe itself. The paid social workers, who had begun to be entrusted with the administration of the great charities, were abandoning the idea of poverty as the heaven-inflicted penalty of moral turpitude, the perpetual harvest of Eve’s great transgoession; under the influence of social economic thinkers, they were shifting the respon- sibility for human waste, as poverty was coming to be called, to social environ- ment aud adverse economic conditions. Moreover, they held the doctrine of “surplus wealth,” based upon the knowl- edge that industry directed by science was producing more of the necessaries than tho race required for its vigorous and healthful sustenance. If some part of this surplus wealth could lie applied to the wretched environment of the poor, poverty, these social workers had begun to believe, would iro the way of epi- demic disease. An analysis of the records of the great charities shows that disease is a serious disabling factor in fully three-fifths of their eases of dependency; the records of the Health Department show that fully three-fourths of the cases of tuberculosis and infant mortality are related to pov- erty. Clearly there was need for an al- liance between these two divisions of the city’s human repair-shop. The Samaritan took the initiative and brought to the problem a point of view somewhat different from that of tlie of- ficers of the Health Department. The health officers, with their bacteriological laboratory, were primarily interested in the detection and annihilation of rui- c robes; the philanthropists were con- cerned with improving environmental conditions and with lightening tlie load of the poor, so as to increase their fund of vital resistance. In 1902 the Charity Organization Society created a special committee to look into the “ social, as dis- tinct from the medical, aspects of tuber- culosis, and to study the relation between this disease and overcrowding, infected tenements, and unhealthful occupations.” It was soon found that tuberculosis flourished most rankly where rooms were overcrowded, budgets were small, and 594 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. people were ignorant of the laws of hygiene. Bail housing and ignorance were set down as the chief social causes of the disease. The Charity Organiza- tion Society had been largely responsible for the creation of the new Tenement House Department and for the new tene- ment law tliat was intended to put an end to dark unsanitary dwellings. What seemed now most needed was a campaign of education, especially among the poor. Accordingly there began a shower of tracts and pamphlets that for number were like the sands of the sirocco. Cir- culars were issued by the hundreds of thousands, the public bill-boards became familiar standards of the double red cross, lectures were delivered and handbills distributed in schools and settlements, in churches and vacant stores—even the street-car transfers bore mottoes of advice and warning, which were thus published to the number of fifty millions in a single year. People were told not to spit, to keep themselves and their homes clean, to eat good food and enough of it. to ventilate their bedchambers thoroughly, and in case they themselves were already infected, to move from dark rooms to rooms that were bright and sunny; to sleep in the open air when possible, and if their disease were for advanced to leave their occupations betimes and to seek a cure in a sanatorium, public or private. The gospel of the anti- tuberculosis campaign—“ tuberculosis is curable, communicable, preventable”— was carried into tho tenements for the inspiration of the prior by the visitors of a hundred charities, it was repeated to them at the public dispensaries, and preached to them from the pulpits. But iu spite of so much admirable effort, at the end of seven years the Com- mittee on the Prevention of Tuberculosis issued a booklet, in which it declared that. “ contrary to the popular impression, the tuberculosis death rate has not mate- rially decreased during the last seven years . , . the problem is quite beyond the grasp of private philanthropy, and can be properly dealt, with only by the forces of government.” Now. why this remarkable admission 011 the part of the modern, scientific Sa- maritan? Because charity, however ex- cellent its resources, can only deal with those who voluntarily turn to it for aid, whereas the microbe has taught us that, disease is war. anil can only be fought successfully by an organization that is permanently 011 a war footing. With the growth in the public knowledge of contagious disease, the police powers of the Health Department have been stead- ily strengthened both by law' and by pub- lic opinion. The Health Department can compel physicians to report every case of contagion from leprosy and smallpox to tuberculosis and measles; it has au- thority to enter the homes of the infected, it can take sputum and specimens of blood for examination at the bacteriolog- ical laboratory, it can compel disinfection and cleanliness, and in extreme cases, where the patient is a menace to the health of his neighbors, it can remove him forcibly to an appropriate hospital. If disease is to be conquered, charity has concluded, it. must be by the will of the people working through government. It is impossible to exaggerate the im- portance of these official prerogatives. Rut heretofore they have been largely ineffective because the Health Depart- ment has not been granted sufficient funds. The facts in tho case are aston- ishing. The records of the department show that there are at least 44.000 con- sumptives in the city, that of this number only 16,000 are in the care either of private practitioners or of physicians at public dispensaries, and that even the whereabouts of 20.000 are entirely un- known. It is as if the enemy had stolen through the pickets at night and there were no police or soldiers to follow them. The tuberculosis bacilli swarm through the city 011 silent wings, grimly laugh- ing at pamphlets and lectures anil scat- tered deeds of charity, which they find it so easy to elude. Accordingly. last year the Committee on the Prevention of Tuberculosis con- centrated its energy and that of the al- lied Samaritans upon the city budget, with the result that the yearly ap- propriation for the war on tuberculosis was increased by a quarter of a million, making the total of approximately $500.- 000	available for the tuberculosis work alone. The Division of Commuhieable Diseases, in addition to reinforcing the bacteriological laboratory, will have TIIE MICROBE AS SOCIAL REFORMER. 595 twenty-five disinfectors, thirty-six med- ical inspectors, fifty-five attending phy- sicians, and the imposing number of one hundred and fifty-nine trained nurses! Tho city has been thoroughly dis- tricted. Each one of the 24.000 new cases of tuberculosis that are reported yearly will be visited by a nurse. The diagnosis will be confirmed by the labora- tory. When tuberculosis exists, the pa- tient will be urged to put himself under medical care, and if this is financially impossible, to attend one of the clinics of the department. His children will lie examined by the physicians of the de- partment. Incipient cases will he taught how to prepare their food, how to dress, how to ventilate, how to devise inexpen- sive outdoor dormitories. For many of I hose in the first stages of the disease provision is being made at the magnif- icent sanatorium maintained by the city in the hills of Otisville. Those who are a public menace will be removed to the department’s isolation hospital on North Brother Island, or otherwise provided for. Never was there such an army for I he building up of health put in the field by a municipality. Except once. For many years the diseases of infancy have lieen even more destructive of hu- man life than tuberculosis. In New York, for all its high rank among health- ful cities, approximately	infants die annually, ninety per cent, of them, ii is estimated, from preventable causes. In 1906 the New York Association for Improving the Condition of the Poor inaugurated a campaign against infant mortality, whose contributory results quite parallel those of the anti-tuber- culosis campaign. Tlie roots of the campaign against in- fant mortality strike back to that earlier time when compassion and chivalry, rather than vital economy, were the domi- nant motives in charitable practice. In 1883 the association secured a beautiful seaside property, named Sea Breeze, on the south lieach of Coney Island, to which parties of women and children, shop-girls, and occasional work-worn men were in- vited for a day’s outing. The legend is that these “ ocean parties" were sug- gested by the gracious practice of the European landed nobility who, like Sir Walter Vivian in The Princess, are ac- customed once a year to give their “ broad lawns all a summer’s day up to the people.” In the morning the parties gathered at the Hudson piers and were taken by steamer down the majestic bay an hour’s journey to tho beach, where, on open pavilions and beneath a cluster of ailantus trees, food was set before them. In the afternoon they went in swimming, splashed along the beach as the waves dashed in, or lay in the warm sand, blissfully watching the sails go eastward. Toward four o'clock, having received further refreshment, they took the boat again for the noise and worry of their tenement homes, reluctant and yet happy, like Pippa at the end of her New-Year Day. and grateful to those who, enjoying the higher lot, had shared it. for a few hours with them. To give these mothers one happy day. and then, when necessary, to pay the funeral ex- penses of their children, seemed in those days to satisfy the Good Samaritan’s spirit of mercy. Then came that revolution in the philanthropic point of view to which re- peated reference has already been made. The paid social workers, discounting a multitude of frailties imputed to the poor, and holding that if their environment were changed and they were relieved of the terror of want, they would prove themselves made of tlie universal day, converted Sea Breeze into an experiment station to illustrate the truth of their theory. The picnic parties of a day were supplemented by “stay” parties; mothers with little children were invited for two days, four days, and finally a week or more. Thus it became possible to show that tlie poorest mothers, when relieved of the oppression of a sordid environ- ment. had in them the divine breath, that they were both eager and able to learn, that when given even a brief oppor- tunity they quickly took a fresh hold upon life. Classes were organized in in- fant and personal hygiene, cooking, and domestic economy. The experiment grew like rich fields well sown, until the sum- mer of 1908, when, in addition to 28.717 day guests. Sea Breeze entertained 4.412 mothers with little children for periods varying from one week to six. Of the 4.412 mothers and children, seven hun- dred women and “ runabouts.” as those 590 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. who can walk are called, required special convalescent, care, and five hundred and ninety-nine infants were more or less dangerously sick. What simply a change of environment and relief from hunger can do is indicated by the fact that all of the mothers and runabouts rapidly recovered and ninety-nine per cent, of the babies got well. But the accommodations of Sea Breeze are at most those of a picnic-ground and summer experiment station. The wait- ing list grew year by year, until it at times reached twenty thousand. This circumstance and the association’s de- termination to bring home to the public the enormity of the human waste in- volved in tho yearly holocaust of seven- teen thousand infants to ignorance and poverty, prompted a further experiment to test tho methods of Sea Breeze within the tenements themselves. From a base on a el ill overlooking the tide-washed East River, where six “ shacks ” were opened for the hospital care of sick babies and where classes for mothers were regularly held, a corps of trained nurses was sent from tenement door to tenement door, in quest of all children under two, not with the pur- pose of Herod’s men, but to win the con- fidence of the mothers, to educate them in the elements of infant hygiene, to bring such of them as were in obvious need to the attention of relief agencies, and especially to see to it that sick babies received proper medical or hospital care before their illness became acute. In the summer of 107 these Junior Sea Breeze nurses visited one hundred and two thou- sand tenement families, found thirty-five thousand five hundred and seventeen babies under two years of age, and in- structed their mothers in cooking, infant bathing and dressing, household sanita- tion and ventilation, and kindred subjects. And that summer, while the infant death rate in the city at large increased, the deaths in the ward where the nurses worked fell off eleven per cent. The demonstration was accepted on all hands as conclusive, and had as its major result the concentration of philanthropic interest upon the Health Department’s request for funds to establish a compre- hensive child-saving service. In 1897 the department, taking advantage of the growing public realization of the menace of contagious disease, had secured the appointment of one hundred and fifty medical inspectors to examine suspected cases of contagion in tho schools. Owing largely to the opposition of private prac- titioners, who disliked seeing the public service encroaching upon the field of medicine, the appropriation allowed only thirty dollars a month for these first school physicians. In 1902, however, their salaries were increased to one hun- dred dollars, and they were required not only to examine children in school, but to visit absentees in their homes. The same year a small group of nurses was added to aid in the war on the microbe. Then in 1908, largely as the effect of the Junior Sea Breeze experiment on tho public mind, the department secured approximately $350,000 for the creation of a Bureau of Child Hygiene. To this division there are now attached 142 nurses and 103 physicians. Again the city has been thoroughly districted. The children’s corps examines every school child, not only for symptoms of con- tagion. but also for every possible physical defect, and a system lias been devised by which the department can see to it that all diseases are treated and all phys- ical defects corrected or removed. In addition to the school children it is the plan to have this staff of civil servants attend to the babies within their re- spective districts. Last April they began to visit all infants whose births were reported by midwives (tlie law compels the reporting of all birt hs, nndcr penalty), and whose addresses made it doubtful whether their parents could afford proper medical attendance. At present the school children are monopolizing the strength of the division of child hygiene during the school term; but the plan pro- vides that in time no child shall be born to the city whose mother may not com- mand expert nursing and medical counsel. A far cry this from the priest in Van working on the superstitious fears of his congregation. More than six hundred men and women devoting their lives to a municipal campaign for human con- servation ! And in a very immediate sense it all grew out of the cholera invasion of 1892. Surely the microbe deserves to rank well among social reformers. The Way to the Wedding BY MARGARET CAMERON IT was tlie Wednesday after Easter. The year, being unimportant, need not lie specified. Suffice it to say that although the. subway had ceased to be a novelty in New York, it had not yet been extended to Long Island, and Brooklyn Bridge was still the greatest thoroughfare across the East River. Ned McEwen, strolling along the sec- ond level of the great bridge on his way to that part of the Borough of Brook- lyn known as Bay Ridge, where he was going to see Howard Forbes married, caught sight of a large bulletin an- nouncing the train he sought, and near it an ascending stair toward which he turn- ed. A moment later his attention was attracted and held by a young woman who stood just beyond the ticket kiosk; first because hers was the fine, free, uncon- scious type of beauty of which he had dreamed much during his long absence from his native land, and later because she seemed, although in evening dress, to l)c alone and watching for some one. As he approached and her scrutinizing glance passed from other faces to his she started, stared for an incredulous moment, and moved swiftly toward him, smiling and holding out her hand. “ Ned McEwen. of all men!” she re- joiced. “1 can’t be mistaken! You are Ned McEwen ?” “ I never doubted it before,” he warmly assured her. and there was nothing in his manner to indicate, even to a keen ob- server, that he had not the faintest idea who she was or where they had met, “ but >t’s so long since anything as delightful as this has happened to me that it makes ine question my own identity.” “ Oh yes,” she nodded, laughing and withdrawing her hand from his. “you’re manifestly Ned McEwen! And neither tune nor tide has changed you a bit.” “ Nor you,” said he. TIis congenital inability to remember faces was a failing concerning which McEwen was extremely sensitive, and so cleverly had he learned to conceal it. so expert had he becomo in tracing connec- tions during an apparently casual con- versation. that only his closest friends realized how often he was at a disadvan- tage. It was instantly apparent to him, from this girl’s manner, that he had at some time known her rather well, and he hoped, by dissembling his perplexity and by careful probing, to discover her identi- ty without betraying his own weakness. So he smiled cordially down at her, re- peating, “ Nor you.” “ Of course you’re going to the wed- ding,” she affirmed rather than ques- tioned; and here, he congratulated him- self, was his first clew. Since he hod never met Florence Keeler, the bride of the evening, this ready inference as to his destination argued that he was in- timately connected in his companion’s mind with Howard Forbes. Straightway ho began calling to mind girls whom both he and Forbes had known, and they were many, but into none of those memories could he fit this woman. Meanwhile ho responded: “ Of course T am. And you?” “ Naturally. But. what I want to know is how you happen to be here? I thought you abode in some outlandish tropical clime. Cuba, was it? Or—somewhere in Central America?” “ Neither. I live in Mexico. I hope you know the difference.” he whimsically commented. “ Few people do, I find.” “ I think I’ve heard that Cuba is bounded by San Juan Hill and Havana Harbor,” was the dry retort, “but as to just where Mexico leaves off and Central America begins—frankly, I shouldn’t care to lie asked. Your home is still in Mex- ico, then?” “ My work is still in Mexico,” he dis- criminated. “ Home I have none, except " Ned McBwen. of all Men l” in the broad sense. Perhaps one has to live some time in foreign countries to realize that ‘ home,’ in the last analysis, really means almost anywhere within the boundaries of one’s own country.” “ Yes, I know,” said she, and imme- diately set Hi in wondering whether she had lived abroad. “ Then you don’t like Mexico?” “ On the contrary. T like it very much.” he declared, conscious that she was learn- ing a pood deal about him and telling nothing of herself. “ Tt’s the most pic- turesque—and in many ways the most interesting—country in this hemisphere. But I'm an American and this is ‘ home.’ And I hadn't been here in so long that the social side of me was getting atro- phied, so when I received Howard’s letter urging me to come to the wedding and meet some of the old crowd again, I de- cided that the moment was auspicious— and here I am. Now that’s enough about me. Tell me of yourself.” “ Oh, there’s nothing about me that you don’t already know from Howard and the THE WAY TO THE WEDDING. rest,” she carelessly returned. “ When did you arrive?" “ This afternoon.” “Then you haven't seen Howardi” “ I haven’t, seen anybody but you. And I don’t think you realize what abomi- nable .correspondents ‘Howard and tho rest ’ are.” “Oh — really! Haven’t they told you anything about me?” A flicker of amuse- ment came into the woman’s eyes, and she looked at him so quizzically that he quaked lest he had made a false step. Her next words relieved him. “ You’re sure the fault; wasn't with the postal service? Because I seein to remember hearing rumors, from time to time, that you must be either dead or paralyzed— or married.” “ Well—guilty,” he confessed, and they both laughed. “ I like to get letters— and I always intend to answer them.” “Virtuous person! That’s so enlight- ening to your friends! Still—good in- tentions are said to make excellent pave- ment. By the way, we’re going to a wed- ding. and inasmuch as Tempus has prob- ably not abated his usual pace, don’t you think we should be fugitting ourselves?” “ By all means! But—are you alone? I thought—you seemed to l»e waiting for some one.” “ I half promised to meet the Taylors here—you don’t know them, I think—but as they're always late I warned them that I should go on with any acquaintance who come along—and yon came.” She shot a roguish glance at him. to which lie promptly replied: “Then let’s go quickly, lest they arrive aud s|M>il my tete-a-tete with you.” “Do you know that this is the way?” she demurred as he turned again toward the near-by stair. “ Would it be better to ask and make sure?” “ Oh no. this is all right.” asserted MeEwen. “ You’ve been over to the Keelers’ be- fore. then?” “ Never. But Howard sent me most explicit directions. This is right.” He began to realize that lie had entered upon a path beset with dangers unforeseen, and that if lie was to be alone with this girl all the way to Bay Ridge be must cither Hud out quickly who she was or be igno- niiniously detected. Therefore, as they climbed together to the upper platform, he hazarded, " From your unfamiliarity with Brooklyn trains, I take it you have- n’t seen a great deal of Miss Keeler.” “ No—not a great deal.” she admitted, and again her amused, speculative glance disquieted him. “ To be sure, 1 called upon her”—this was apparently a casual afterthought—“but that time I drove over, with Bobbie and some other people, so 1 learned nothing about trains—except that it's wiser to take one.” She chuc- kled reminiscently. “Our driver didn’t know Brooklyn—aud of course none of us diil! Wo got lost, and drove all over the place, and were disgracefully late when we finally arrived at the Keelers’.” “ I begin to understand why Howard wrote me that I could drive if I wished, but that he. strongly advised the train,” said MeEwen. laughing. At the time this conversation took place, it, will be remembered, taxicabs were unknown in New York, and automobiles were com- paratively few. “ Did he? Good for Howard! I’ll tell Bobbie that. Bobbie was furious—indeed, we all but came to blows—because I simply would not have a carriage to- night. Having had one experience in driving from New York to Bay Ridge, I knew I’d have to start liefore dark, with my dinner in a basket and a map of Brooklyn in my hand, or else risk miss- ing the ceremony, and T much preferred to come this way—especially as I ex- pected to meet the Taylors here. By the way, Bobbie’s sick to-night. That’s the reason I’m alone.” “Oh? Then 1 shall not sec him at the wedding,” he regretted, racking his brain for memory of anybody named Robert among Forbes’s friends. Then, to explain what must seem to her an unpardonable oversight. “ I—I hoped he might be com- ing over later.” “ Oh, you remember about Bobbie, then? You waited a long time before mentioning it!” “ I've been far too busy thinking about you to waste any time on ‘ Bobbie,’ ” he avowed, truthfully enough. Was the man her brother? Her cousin? Then, for the first time, it occurred to him that sin* might be married. Could this “Bobbie” be her husband? A line of cars wound toward them around the loop, and he HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. added: “ We’re in luck. Here comes our particular serpent.” “Are you sure?” she queried. “There are so many of these trains. Woiddn’t it be well to ask some one about it ?” “ It isn’t necessary. This is the one.” he affirmed. “ * Fifth Avenue ’—you see the sign on the front? That’s the train Howard told me to take from this plat- form. It’s all right.” “ Brooklyn Bridge always was n mystic maze to me,” said she, preceding him into the ear. “ I have never crossed it with- out asking directions of every uniform in sight. Men never do that, do they? But then,” slyly, “ there are so many things we women don’t know that it doesn’t mortify us particularly to acknowledge our ignorance of one more.” At this McEwen turned a penetrating glance upon her, but. she smiled back at him with such frank amusement that he de- cided it must have been a random shot. “ Now,” he enjoined as they found seats and settled down for a long chat, “tell me all about yourself.” “ What do you want to know?” “ Everything.” “ That’s rather a large order. Ned,” she parried, laughing. “ Shall I begin with my name, age, color, and previous condi- tion of servitude?” “Do!” he lightly recommended, de- voutly hoping that she would, and, at the same time, wondering uneasily how well this smiling woman had known him and liis weaknesses. “ Why not lie thorough ?” “Why lie obvious?” she tossed back. “ My name you know: my age—you should be able to approximate; my color speaks for itself; and my servitude, past and present, I prefer to forget—when I can. Still, I was prepared to offer them all up in identification when I saw you coming.” “Why?” he boldly challenged. “Did you think my memory so much less trust- worthy than yours?” “ Everybody’s memory is treacherous sometimes, isn’t it?” she submitted, sim- ply. “ I know mine is. And it wasn’t to be expected that you should recognize me so promptly.” “ Again, why?” He was watching her narrowly, suspecting mockery; but. al- though she was laughing a little, her eyes and lips seemed guileless. “Oh—because. It’s so many years—” “ J ust how many ? Do you remember he interrupted, grasping at this opportu- nity. “ I confess to being a little shaky.” “ It’s tactful of you to forget some tilings,” she commended. “ It isn’t tact; it’s fact. I’m afraid I’ve really forgotten. Do you know just how long it i» since we last met?” “ Yes, I remember exactly—but it’s more years than you should ask me to count. To be sure, they haven’t made much outward and visible impression upon you, but people say I’m changed. You don’t find mo so?” She looked at him with a doubtful half-smile, and he felt that perhaps he had entangled himself in this web quite needlessly. Apparently she had not expected him to recognize her. However, nothing remained to him now but to persevere in tlie course he bad chosen, so he stoutly declared: “Not a bit. You look just as you always did. Or else it’s your voice—or possibly your smile. There arc so many characteristics by which one may rec- ognize a friend that it’s a little diffi- cult sometimes to decide which is the most potent.” Indeed, he was honestly puzzling over just that point. Something about her a smile, an inflection, a trick of the eye, lie could not quite make out what it was— tormented him by its elusive familiarity, but when lie thought ho had captured it and fitted it to a memory, it was gone. Having failed to elicit from the lady any direct information about herself, he now determined to try negative methods. If ho could not learn who she was. he would endeavor to find out who she was not, and thus, by a process of elimination; possibly solve the riddle. Meanwhile, though she would not talk about herself, there might be other bait which would tempt her to disclosures. “ You said ‘ Bobbie ’ was ill.” he re- minded her, positive that he had never called any man by that name, but un- certain whether he had ever known this one well enough to allude to him a-s Bob. “ I hope it’s not serious—but of course if it were you wouldn’t be here.” “ Oh no, it isn’t serious—only uncom- fortable. It’s lumbago. 1 offered to stay home from the wedding, but Bobbie wouldn’t listen to it. so I said I’d come with the Taylors. My conscience hurts. The way to the wedding. R0i though. Lumbago’s such a wicked thing to he left alone with!” “ Salvo your conscience, then, by tell- ing mo all about ‘ Bobbie,’ ” lie suggested, smiling again over the name. “ Remem- ber how long I’ve been away, and how I hunger and thirst for news of people. Begin with him, won’t you?” “ Oh, it wouldn’t be modest for me to talk about Bobbie,” she laughingly pro- tested. “ Bobbie’s mine, you know, and it isn't pretty to brag. Ask somebody rise. No, really,” replying to a gesture, “ I couldn’t trust myself to talk about Bobbie. It would be all in superlatives.” McEwen was beginning to have an un- comfortable conviction that his companion was perfectly aware of his embarrassment ami that he was being skilfully baited, and he resolved that if this were true he would heat her at her own game, dis- cover her identity by hook or by crook, and never admit, that he had been puz- zled. But to accomplish this he must walk warily. “Very well.” said he. proceeding 011 the theory that she might, be Marion Dcering. whom he rememberer! as a par- ticularly attractive girl, with a facile wit, although his mind retained no more im- pression of her physical appearance than as if it had been a schoolboy's slate, washed clean. “If you won’t talk about 1 Bobbie,' perhaps you’ll consent to tell me about Tom—who. by the way. is even a worse correspondent than 1 am.” “ Tom J” she questioned, her head tipped to one side, like a bird’s. “ Yes. Tom.” “Tom—0I1. Tom Dcering?” “Precisely. Tom Dcering.” Through half-closed, laughing eyes he watched her. “He bought a fruit ranch in California several years ago, and has lived on it '■ver since,” she glibly told him. “ lie's married, you know.” “Yes. I know. When did you see him last ?” “I? Oh—I haven’t seen him for— for a long time.” “No?” He felt that he was closing in "pon her. “ No." “I thought lie came East every lit- tle while?” “So he does. But it happens that I’ve never been here when he was.” Vo. CXXt-No “No?” “ No. By the way. Marion—of course you remember his sister Marion ?” “ Rather!” “ She's in California now, visiting Tom,” she informed him, in a casual tone. “ I had a letter from her yesterday, bit- terly lamenting that she was not to he with us to-night, and sending her love to any of tin- old set who appeared. I suj>- poso that includes you.” “ Thanks.” McEwen gave no sign of defeat. “ I’m sorry she isn’t here, but |H*rhaps she’ll return before 1 go away. She was a good sort in the old days.” Another girl whom he remembered as possessed of sense, sympathy, and humor was Ethel Knapp, who had latterly de- voted herself, lie had been told, to work in one of the social settlements. Ac- cordingly, he turned the conversation to- ward philanthropy, and found his friend so responsive that he was confident he had her accounted for at last. But when he left the field of i.bstract discussion and asked a question touching specific details, she shook her head. “ I don’t know anything about that.” she declared. “ Ask Ethel Knapp. She lives iu one of the settlement-houses, you know, and can probably give you all the statistics you want. I think she’s to be at the wedding.” “ Foiled again!” thought McEwen. amused, despite the awkwardness of his predicament. All he said, however, was: “Good! I always liked Ethel. Apparent- ly there are others going to the wedding also.” he added, as a party of young peo- ple boarded the train and were hailed by friends at the other end of the ear with joyful cries, above the confusion of which detached phrases concerning bridesmaids, old slippers, and rice were distinctly audible. Twice again he cautiously felt his way toward sirls whom he and Forbes had known, and each time, just as she seemed within grasping distance, his companion swung away from him. and out of the haze surrounding her came that tantaliz- ing. familiar call from the past, whether accent or inflection or smile he could not yet determine. He was desperately east- ing about for memory of another girl who could possibly have grown into this woman, rejeetinir this one as too literal HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 602 and that one as too insipid, when the lady asked, somewhat uneasily: “Aren’t wo going a long way? Do you know where we should get off ?” “ We go to Sixty-fifth Street, the end of the road,” he told her. “ It will be a case of ‘all out’ there, so we can’t miss it. Then we take a trolley-car for a few blocks, and walk a block. Don’t worry. I’ll get you there all right.” “ Will you ?” She let him see a droll twinkle. “ Do you remember the night you undertook to pilot a sleighing party from Yonkers to White Plains?” Then they laughed together. “ Well—we got there, anyway,” he re- minded her. “ Yes, but think of all the other places you meandered into first,” she riposted. “ Oh, not so many,” he defended, think- ing fast. Of whom had that party con- sisted? Jack Alden. who was the host, and probably Tom Peering, as the two were chums. .lack’s mother had chaper- oned them, he remembered, and the girls—? “ Not so many—considering.” “ ‘ Considering,’ I suppose, that, being a perfectly normal man. you preferred to wander all over the countryside rather than ask directions?” she teased. “ What’s the. use of depending upon somebody else to tell you what you can find out for yourself?” he demanded, his mind far away on that road from Yonkers to White Plains. Marion, he now re- membered. had been of the party, and— Dolly Bain. The third girl eluded him. “ Wo found that road finally, didn’t we?” “ Yes, but not by the Socratic method,” she laughed. “No; it sounds nice and superior and masculine, your reasoning does, but I’m afraid it’s superficial. Either you haven’t gone to the bottom of the matter and analyzed it, or you’re dodging the issue—-and of course you wouldn’t do that.” She regarded him with mocking gravity. “Never!” “ * What! Never ?’ ” she quoted. “ By George!” exploded MeEwen. “ Do you remember that amateur Pinafore we gave? Deerine was Raekstraw. and Dolly Bain did the soprano—what’s her name? I was Dick Deadeye, and Buttercup—” He stopped short, staring at her. “ Polly Lancaster was Buttercup.” she supplied. “Don’t you remember Polly?” “ Remember!” he ejaculated. If he had not known that Polly Lancaster was some- where in the Orient, slaking her thirst for travel as the secretary and companion of a wealthy and peripatetic spinster with literary aspirations, he would have sworn that she was here beside him, going to a wedding in Brooklyn. She had spent only one winter in New York, visiting her friend Frances King—and in a flash ac- companying that memory came the con- viction that the puzzle was solved. This must be Frances King. But it was Polly’s voice and Polly’s laughter and Polly’s lilting personality that she recalled to him, which was not surprising, inasmuch as Polly had engaged his attention to the exclusion of pretty much everything else i except study that winter, lie had fre- quently assured himself that he was not in love with her, but neither had lie been in love with any one else since; and he now realized that in all these years he had never thought of Frances King except as a sort of inoffensive and colorless ap- panage of Polly. Even now, when he met her face to face and found her anything but colorless, it was still Polly whom he remembered. “ When I forget Polly Lan- caster, I’ll be dead.” he found himself saying, boyishly. “ That was a great winter, wasn’t it?” “ It was the jolliest winter I ever spent," she assented, a trifle wistfully. “ And Polly was the life and soul of it. I wonder where she is now?” “ She’s been travelling in the Orient j for three or four years with Miss—with a literary woman.” “ Yes, of course I kno%v that. But 11 mean to-night. I wonder where she is to-night ?” “I heard Howard say a day or two ago_ that he had had a letter from her re- cently, congratulating him, and so on. and saying that they were just leaving for Central India.”	I “ Yes, he told me that in his last letter.” “Oh, did he?” Her eyes were hidden behind drooping lids, and a fleeting sinile played around her lips. “ But doesn’t she ever say anythin? about coming home?” he demanded. “ Not a word.” “ I suppose she likes it. She always | wanted to travel. I wish she woidd con* home. I’d go a long way to see Polly.” THE WAY TO THE WEDDING. “All the way from Mexico here?” “By George! I just about would 1" “Really? I think that would inter- est Polly.” “Do you? Why I” “ Oh—just because. Few people are so well remembered through time and ab- -••iice.” She gave him a glimpse of laugh- ing eyes. “All right: I’ll write to her and tell her so. What’s her address?” He felt for his note-book. “ 1—I don’t think I can give you her address—offhand, this way. I’ll send it.’’ “ Will you. please! Thanks.” Then it occurred to him that, as had always been the ease, he was allowing Polly Lancaster to obliterate Frances King in his con- sciousness. which was hardly civil, under the circumstances. Except for his in- ability to remember faces. McEwen had au uncommonly retentive memory, and now that it had a clew to work from, it quickly reproduced for him tho frag- mentary gossip about Frances that hail reached him from time to time. She bad broken her engagement to Jack Alden— whereupon be remembered, clinching his certainty of her identity, that sho had been the other girl of that sleighing party —had married an Englishman whom be hail never met, probably ‘ Bobbie.’ and had spent at least the first year or two of her marriage somewhere out of New York. More than this he had not heard, or, if he had. had forgotten. “ You’ve been away from New York a good deal, too, since the old days." he suggested. “Oh? Then ‘Howard and the rest’ did tell you something about me. after all?” Again the quizzical, amused little smile, but this time it did not fright- en him. “ Indeed they did,” he hastened to claim. “ but not as much as they should. And I’d like to know the rest.” “ Oh? Well—if you’ll tell me what you already know about me I'll try to fill in the gaps.” “ I’m afraid I don’t know much aliout you since your marriage.” lie confessed, eag. r to show that he really had recog- nized her. “ They wrote me about the wedding and that you had gone away, and after that I rather lost track of you. I didn’t even know you were back.” “ But isn’t that quite as it should be? Don't all good stories end with a wed- ding and ‘ they lived happily ever after ’?” “ I hope you’ve lived happily ever after?” he ventured. “Oh, quite!” And she looked as if sho had. “ But where have you lived?” “ Does that matter? Isn’t how one lives the inqiortant thing?” “ Now. see here. Frances.” he remon- strated. “stop your dodging and answer questions for a minute.” “With pleasure,” said she. “Will you first permit me to remark that it’s very interesting to learn that you have at last found out who 1 am?” “ What on earth do you mean by that ?” “ ’Fess up, Ned! ’Fess up!” she urged. “ First you tried Marion, and then you hinted at Ethel, and then you wriggled carefully toward Grace—” “Suffering Mike!” he scoffed, “can’t a returned prodigal ask a lady about a few other ladies without being accused by the lady of not knowing any lady from any other lady? You’ll be telling somebody next that I took you for Polly Lancaster just because I mentioned her name!” “ No. I won’t! T acquit you of that!’’ she declared, laughing. “ So you still say that you knew me from the first?” “ Look here. Frances, are you serious?” He grew suddenly grave himself. “ I wouldn't like to have you think I’d for- get an old friend. Now, bow can I prove to you—why, there’s ‘Bobbie’! Didn’t I rememl>er all about him?” At this a delighted little gurgle of laughter broke from her. “ Is there any ‘ Bobbie ’ con- nected with any of those other girls?” “ Not one!” she assured him. “ I have the ouly Bobbie there is. And you did remember him. didn’t you? I’d forgotten that for the moment. I’ll forgive you mui-h for that!” “ Well, are you satisfied now?” he de- manded. “ Perfectly! Perfectly! Ned. you’re adorable! Such a proper, upstanding. man-ny sort of man!” “ Thank you kindly! Now go on. Tell me all about yourself since I lost sight of you.” “ Well—you beard about the wedding. For a year or two we travelled. Then Mr. Chichester—” HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 004 Bobl.ie ’?” “Who else?” She smiled happily, “lie is. os you may know, an English- man. nnd he became enamored of Austra- lia, so he bought a big place there and settled down to farming on a large scale.” “The deuce! You don’t look like a farmer’s wife.” She wrinkled her nose at him saucily. “Do you like it?” “Didn't I tell you in the beginning that. I preferred to forget my servitude? Why force me to talk about it?” “ Then you don’t like it.” “ I like—Bobbie.” “ Lucky beggar! So you’ve settled down in Australia! How long have you been here ?” “ Only a few days.” “ When did you see Polly last? You've 110 idea how you remind me of her!” “ Polly and I haven’t met in—long- er than you’d believe. Why do you keep insisting 011 dates? They’re so un- pleasant !” “ Well, let’s talk about happy things, then. Do you remember—” They drifted into reminiscences, over which they were still laughing when the train stopped and the guard called, “All out.” On the platform they found sev- eral surface ears waiting, and toward one of them McEwen guided his old friend. “ Ned. would it Ik* of the slightest use to ask you to inquire about this ear and be sure it’s the one we want 5” she plain- tively questioned. “ Not a bit.” said he. with amusement. “ You haven’t any faith at all in me, have you? Do you see the illuminated sign this car flaunts? That same legend is writ out clear and fair in the directions Howard sent me. Moreover, do you lie- bold all these other festive wedding- guests piling in ahead of us?” They entered the ear and dropped again into their reminiscent chat. Presently she asked if they were not going too far. and he replied, easily, that it was “ all right.” A moment later tho ear stopped and they left it. immediately behind the younger party whom they had noticed on the train and whom they now followed to a large, gayl.v lighted house in the next street. As they passed under the carriage awn- ing McEwen felt his companion hesitate, and he asked, looking down at her: “ What’s the matter ?” “Nothing — much,” she replied, and moved on toward the steps. They had almost reached the top of the stairs leading to the dressing-rooms, when some one above them exclaimed: “Oh, do hurry! It’s almost, time for the ceremony now!” “ Hear that?” whispered McEwen. “Can you go down at once?” “ Don’t wait for me,” she hastily returned. “No—I insist! Somebody stepped on my gown as we came in and it may have to be fixed, but that’s no reason why you should miss the ceremony. Go down immediately—you can find me later. Please!” Nodding brightly, she disap- peared in the ladies’ dressing-room. McEwen found 110 one whom he knew in the men’s cloak-room, which was not surprising, but he was a little puzzled when, on descending to the main floor, he met 110 one who knew him. One or two faces among the men looked vaguely familiar, but as his half-smile won no response he was afraid to trust his un- certain memory and did not venture to claim acquaintance. He bowed over the hand of the woman receiving and mur- mured his name, but others pressed close behind him and there was time for noth- ing more. He drifted with the current through the rooms, feeling a little lonely nnd dreary, watching in each face he met for signs of recognition, and at the same time assuring himself that one never does know any of the people one meets at weddings. Presently there was a stir and a whis- per. the |>eople crowded back toward the walls, the first, strains of Lohengrin came from the hall, and the ushers marched iu. two by two, carrying ribbons. A white- cassocked clergyman appeared near "the altar, but among the men about hint McEwen looked in vain for a familiar face. A pink mist of bridesmaids floated past him, and the bride, a very young girl, with starry eyes fixed on a youth who presently received her from her father’s arm. It was all rhythmical and measured, but to McEwen it seemed a riotous jiiiii- ble. with the unreality and inconsequence of a dream, and before his dazed wit* cleared enough to show him that he bad followed the party of young people to the 'She said ye'd be racin' up here' wrong house nnd was attending tlie wed- ding of people he had never seen before, the music had ceased and the priest had begun to speak. MeEwen gave one desperate, hunted glance around him. but he was hemmed in r'n all sides; every one else was intent on the ceremony, and to force his way out then would lie but to increase the offence "f which he was guilty. There was noth- ing for it but to remain until these pretty children were married and then to get away as quickly as possible. He tried to see Frances Chichester in the crowd near the door, hoping she had not come down in time to make her way into the rooms, but lie failed to descry her. It seemed to him that of nil the in- terminable marriage ceremonies to which he had ever listened, this was the longest, but in time it was over, and he struggled ngaiust the chattering, congratulatory 606 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. tide to the hall, whence he despatched a servant to find the host, while he busied himself vainly trying to discover the woman who had come there with him. Mr. Denslow, whose house it was, ar- rived duly, and to him MeEwen presented his card, bis explanation, and his apolo- gies, after which he hurried up-stairs. At tho door of the ladies’ cloak-room he was met by a smiling maid, who asked: “ Arre you Mr. McEw’n ?” “ I am, yes. Is there a lady—” “ No, sor; she’s gon’.” “ Gone!” “ Yis, sor. But she lift this f’r ye, sor. She said ye’d be racin’ up here di- rectly ’twas over.” MeEwen opened the note, merely a half- sheet of paper, folded, and read: “ Dkau Ned,—I’ve gone to Howard’s wedding. The man at the door will tell you the way—if you’ll ask him.” “ I low long has she been gone?” ho demanded. “ Oh. she niver tuk her t’ings off at all. at all. She said she forgot somethin’, an’ I was to give you this, an" off she wint, almost runnin’.” “1 see. Thank you.” He gave the girl a coin, thrust himself into his hat and coat, and tied. At the outer door he paused to ask of a man in livery: “Can you tell me where Mr. Keeler lives?” “ Yes, sir. Four blocks down to the left and one to the right, sir.” Four blocks to the left and one to the right MeEwen went, and there he eanu* to another ga.vl.v lighted house with awn- ings and carriages and sounds of mirth and music. lie slipped in quietly and managed to get up-stairs unobserved by any but the servants, but as soon as he showed himself again in the lower hall n man started out, of a group, crying: “As I live, there’s Ned MeEwen!” “ Say, you fellows, has anybody seen Frances come in?” demanded the new- comer as soon as he eoubl make himself heard over the babel of welcome. “Frances?” The other men looked blankly at one another. “Who’s Frances?” “ Frances King—Frances Chichester she is now.” she is!” said he to the men <4 *ri ? T’	it I i hit* illy “ Frances King! Good lord, man, she’s in the Antipodes,” somebody told him. “ She lives in Australia.” “ Yes, I know, but she's here to-night, Yes, she is. She came over on the train with me, but we—we got separated, and if she isn’t here, I’ve got to find her.” Waiting for no further argument, ho strode into tho drawing-room, two or three of his old comrades wondering at his heels. As they approached the thicker crowd about tlie newly married pair. MeEwen paused. “ There with him. “ There’s Frances King, talk- ing to that young woman in yellow.” “Frances King your grandmother! That’s Polly Lancaster.” MeEwen gave the speaker one stricken look, and marched straight to judgment, j “ We had all our plans made to gfl into Central India.” she was saying, aw be paused behind her, “ but then the cable came saying Miss Robertson’s play w» to be put into rehearsal at once, so hurried home immediately.” “ They’re all saying that it’s really your play,” said tlx? woman in yellow. “It isn’t my play at all,” indignantly disclaimed Polly. “ I never created any- thing in my life—except a playwright and I'm very proud of her. She was try-1 ing to write a poor novel and I mad her see that it was a good play. That all 1 had to do with it.” Well, Polly Lancaster ?” said McEweo in her ear. “ Oli,” said she, calmly turning toward him, “ are you quite sure of me tliia time? You must have asked somebody.* “ I didn’t,” said he. “ You always find out if you wait a little and use you gray matter.” “ If you don’t die first,” added Mis Lancaster. “ Was it a pretty wedding* “ Hang the wedding!” “Oh no! It’s Easter week, Ned, and the proper time for weddings. Tin1 one on nearly every bush to-night,” “ ll’m! So I’ve learned.” “I dare say you might locate a fe» more in this neighborhood—if you’d ask. she soberly reflected, a laughing devil i" her oye. “ Or you might even discov< a belated wedding-guest whom’you cold'' follow to the door and so save y6w pride.” Lunu, W. Huchccck	*	H.U-too. pLU ,n*r,vod by W. H. Clark "OH. HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN AGAIN?" 008 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. “ Only one wedding will ever interest me very much now,” he said, “ and that will lie yours. Polly, who’s ‘ Bobbie'?” “Oh. have you forgotten again?” she grieved. “ You were so sure of him a little while ago.” “ ‘ As you are strong'—” be begged, nnd left the quotation unfinished. “ Haven’t you reduced me to pulp? Am I not asking? Who is * Bobbie'?” “ Bobbie is my own private and par- ticular pet-name for Eleanor Roliertson, tlie woman I work for.” “ Tlie woman—thank the Lord!” fer- vently breathed .McEwen; anil then, no less fervently: “You imp!” End of Day BY .4. WARD Earthly toil is done,— Come and sit iu sun. While the last ray lingers in the west: Empty hands may be Folded on the knee. Work is ended, it is time to rest. Noonday heat is o'er. Labor calls no mow. Sit and watch the crimson turn to gray; Sweet upon the car Iu the quiet clear Falls the thrush’s farewell to the day. Rest is earned at last. Feel how space grows vast! In th’ eternal depths a star leaps bright; Faithful sentinel, All is well—is well— Naught, we fear the coming of the night. Now regrets but seem Fancies of a dream. Shapes of mist that fret us not nor grieve; Through the tranquil sky Homing pigeon* fly. Hopes that strayed at morn return at eve. Dim the landscape grows. Like a mantle close Veiling all we knew and loved before; All the voices cease. Darkness falls, and peace,— And the dial points to Time no rnftre. A September Day on the Shore BY HOWARD NO other season by the sea is com- parable to the late summer, when the warmer months slowly, almost imperceptibly, merpe through days of a nameless tranquillity into the more seri- ous period of autumn. Yet, before this transition really begins, most summer visitors desert the shore, leaving the world of sand and wide-spread oeean to its season of inviolable solitude. Indeed, if Nature were conscious of this with- drawal, and now more openly and un- reservedly informed t lit- visible creation, she could not disclose a pri nter splendor— such a deep and quiet splendor as mid- summer days have only suggested or par- tially and intermittently revealed. Nor is it necessary to look out upon the royally carpeted marshes, whose hitherto unbroken summer emerald now quietly plows with orange and saffron, russet and golden-green; nor need’ we explore the flowering hedgerows along the creeks—the unfenced. Nature-sown gardens of rose- blossomed mallows and yellow star-flowers —to realize that this is the crowning season. For. as I traverse the inter- vening strip of sand, push a way through dried shrubs and through goldenrod stalks, whose filmy seeds, shaken free by my passage, lightly float away upon the soft breeze-—as I pass through this tide- made gateway in the wall of the dunes and come out under the broad light of the beach, the wide aspects of the ocean - shorc itself are seen to have experienced a preat transforming change. Owing to the sun’s lower position in the southern heavens, its reflection, even at midday, shines more broadly over the waters and farther out to sea. spreading fields of glimmering radiance even to the horizon. Then, too. slow flocks of cirrus clouds drift upward from the west over the sun’s otherwise intolerable rays, softening and veilinp their keen intensity and luminously diffnsing the light; so that the deep, amethystine blue of the Vol. CXXI.-No VU -76 J. SHANNON upper heaven is irradiate—even the zenith is flooded with lipht, as the lower shining reflection silvers the blue sea, and there lives along the shore, on this September day, a subdued and splen- did radiance. How far one can see in this clarified and crystal-clear atmosphere! how more penetrative and comprehensive the vision has become over other times and seasons! Usually the mainland is invisible, or its presence guessed, rather than certainly discerned in the quiverinp heat-baze of summer; but to-day it lies clear and dis- tinct. a low, waved line of blue along the western rim of the sea Fishinp-boats in the offing seem closer inshore than they really arc; even the far blue shades of square-rigged sails, that poise for a time above the dim horizon,have a realized form more distinct than previous months would show; and, beyond them all. farther still, trails a misty ribbon of pray, the after- math of some ocean steamer’s passage. Golden-green sedges such as rustle above my head, and clothe the dune-slopes about me. also crown the higher sand- hills down the shore, except where the steeper sides of shining white face sea- ward. Bayherry shrubs, at the ba«e of the bills, spread patches and irregular dark clumps of russet-olive foliage against pale reaches of finer grasses which clothe the low mounds far away. Upon them, and over all this withdrawn realm, the low sun sheds a quiet radiance, that, like some rare, supernal solvent, seems to remove all harsh, obtrusive appear- ances from tlie natural world, reveal- ing its purest self, perfect in its in- trinsic excellence. And the sea! how tempered and yet deeply expressive sound its rhythmic thunders! Perhaps it is only the after- effect of yesterday’s storm which so strong- ly swells beneath this heaving, labor- ing surf that landward rolls; but an almost conscious power seems to initiate A SUBDUED AND SPLENDID RADIANCB LIVES AIO.NO THE SHORE the rising water-walls that advance and, with earnest intention, slowly plunge to their thundering fall, as if the great ele- ment, like nn errant, unwieldy instru- ment. were ot last attuned to and unmis- takably informed with the overmastering concord of the hour. To-day there is little disposition to explore the shore, or to search along the water-line for tide-cast, curious forms. It is enough to look about and to breathe this salt-tinctured atmosphere. It is enough just, to rest here within the shadow of the dunes, between these two great tranquillities that lie all aliout me upon either hand—tlie wide-spread world of sleeping marsh whose winding creeks show never a soil, and this other world of the wide-spread sea whose surface waves move over motionless depths—and listen to tlie faint and far-called cries of their respective inhabitants. Softened by distance come the faintly audible, musical callings of gulls which are gatliercil iu great flocks upon on offshore island. At intervals they disturbedly fly upward from some momentary alarm, then again settle down upon the level beach; or A SEPTEMBER DAY ON THE SHORE. Oil {toppingly rise in more wildly disordered companies that take multitudinous flight for narrow sand-spits which tlie receding tide exposes over against my hiding- place. Here they settle down and quietly Iced: henceforth disturbing clamors only occasionally rise. Meanwhile, from the landward side, from sedges which border the marsh, are faint, twittered songs begun—and re- peated, then quickly suppressed; as if their authors were conscious of un- familiar, even unfriendly fields, and of the mysterious forces which have brought them here and will continue to urge them until they set forth upon their long southward journey. For these are well-known birds— robins, sparrows, and meadow* larks — already gathering to their autumnal migration; but these hesitating notes hardly suggest tlieir usual confident souks—they seem hardly more than a memory of some long- distant and half - forgotten spring. Except for this there is no sound. No, not one. For I am now so far removed from the shore that even the muffled crescendos of the surf, heard but a moment ago, have grad- ually become fainter nnd faint- er, until they have ceased alto- gether; there falls a sense of pause, a great silence. Such stillness supernal in a hushed universe always wins from the thoughtful mind its deepest response. For this withdrawn shore, however solitary; this water-immensity, so slowly, majestically moving in its eternal round; and this late summer sun. although it is indeed the very apotheosis of serenity — all these could not alone and of themselves apprise one, in this place of absence, of a Presence rather, and one not far removed; in unseen worlds the tidal seas of peace are rising ami are overflowing their bounds, benef- icences, too vast to be con- tained there, instill their es- sence into our world. After a time one desires to explore the beach, for last night’s storm may have east curious soa-creatures there; perhaps some of those notable ones in harmony with the day and with our mood—those most beautiful members of all the ocean’s progeny, which September gab* so often bear to the land. It seems curious that tlie ctenophores, the animal forms 1 have in mind, should have been mentioned ■o rarely in general literature; and, ex- cept to the scientist, are so little known. Even the technical descriptions by Louis Agassiz are interspersed with expressions of wonder and admiration awakened by the study of our living ctenophores. lie STRANGE ANIMALS OF THE S|:A The ctenophore I'lrurobrachia swimming free near the surface r.f tin- ocean These notable forms, which autumn Kates often bear to the land, are the most beautiful of alt the ocean's progeny C12 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. writes of one species, Pleurobrachia, “I can truly say. I have not known in the nniinal kingdom an organism exhibiting more sudden changes and presenting more diversified and beautiful images, tho ac- tion meanwhile being produced in such a way as hardly to be understood.” What is true of this variety, respecting its curious ami beautiful activity, is true of all. Although extremely tenuous, the eten- ophores are readily visible to an eye focussed to discern the delicate bodies as they float in the ripples of the receding tide. lie. half submerged, upon the beach. or swim about in such basined hollows as often appear along the pliable shore. Here is such a hollow, filled with limpid water. I bend down to scrutinize the clear depths, and see, among drifting seaweed particles, the glinting shimmer- ing globes of almost impalpable form— tho Plcurohror.hin’a irideseing, quivering .-'plicres. Several half-inch globes are idly floating near the surface, as if in temporary lassitude; others, glittering with the spectrum colors which break in brilliant waves along tlieir moving, sun- lit sides, are playfully diving, as if intent 1o	show their wondrous powers; and ever and again, as they move along, are jerkily, retractivel.v, drawing inward the two streaming, pink- fringed tentacles, that soon again unfurl to trail gracefully back- ward in motile evolutions of their own. After a brief contraction, the bell again puts forth the wonder- ful strands, which drop down- ward with tho rapidity of a plummet - line, and unfold to softly trail in still further grace- ful lengthenings of ductile tissue. Then lateral processes appea r. and, in finger-like extensions of web - fine tissue, lino all the length of each drifting strand with a gossamer fringe. Now here, now there, these delicate threads contract into minute, tightly tangled bundles; then again, after a moment, uncurl to stretch wide their rose-tinged threads, like tactile organs, inde- pendently moving and exploring the liquid near by. Or they stiffly bend in curious, angular directions; or slowly, almost insensibly, lift; and. as if drawn by a powerful current, stream upward. Another change, and they gracefully conform to wavering curves that passively float. Suddenly, as if by a con- juror’s art.. tho two widely wan- dering fabrics of displayed tissue are withdrawn; are caught up; as if some wonderful secret ha«l been inadvertently shown, and are retracted into tho two lateral pockets which the bell provides. The Gtbnophorb rising h»om tho Under-Sha Six of the eight systems ot minute swimming-platcs lire visible os bands of glittering light As waves of ■notion pour down those systems they break into brilliant Iridescence The great Element seems attunhd to the overmastering Concord of the Hour Often the globe widely swings in con- centric orbits, then turns upon itself and travels toward the bottom to plunge against the sand with vis- ible impact and elastic rebound. It becomes entangled with others resting there, and one expects dismemberment and injury; but. in unbroken integrity, every detail id drapery is elastically with- drawn and streamingly follows whither the parent body leads. Hardly has the mounting liell released the drooping tissues, till they deviously float below, be- fore it withdraws them unto itself, par- tially staying its course meanwhile; then, again, the linked cords are unloosed to plumb the depths, while tlie glittering sphere, with renewed energy, and with swimming systems beating in unison, ' ictoriously rises toward the surface of the water and the light. As I observe Pleitrobrachin circling alxuit. or diving far below’, or steadily ascending through the employment of most individual powers. I almost fancy that I am witness of some initial attempt in adventurous flitrht.. and am pleased by it- successful consummation. Perhaps the emotion awakened is due in part to the creature’s comparative unfamiliarity; nevertheless no other frame in the lower creation prompts, in its contemplation, a greater feel in it of wonder and of rever- ence, a more immediate impulse to earnest apostrophe. Hoping to discover a- larger species (for the swimming parts are very small in these specimens) I travel farther flown the beach, passing, a- I go. many other basined hollows containing the small, rainbow-hued inhabitants. Soon many familiar translucent bodies are seen half stranded along the shore; but. although several inches in length, they are so tenuous as to dismember if removed from their element. So 1 hollow away the sand beneath one 1*11; then, when tlie in- flowing water floats it free, a jar is brought beneath, and. water and all. lifted to the sunlight for observation. The webbed globe of gossamer, light as a cloud, half floats in .the liquid. It seems impossible that a structure so tenuous could have withstood the break- er’s turmoil. Yet, although no pulsa- tions. such as a jellyfish initiates, are awakened in the bell, although the pli- cated and multiplied folds of tissue droop dependent and motionless in the water, the curious body rests secure in its liquid 614 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. medium, as if sensitively adjusted there- to, and ready to float free when an im- pulse decides. Now the impulse awakens. For see! like a globe of light, the im- palpable, irregular sphere soars aloft, and, propelled by invisible means, passes, almost with a sense of translation, even to the very top of the vessel and reats in light contact with the water surface. At tirst this mysterious Hight bears no evident* of lieing effected by material Iriokscb.nt Bells drifting to the Autumn Shore Pair <-rim*on canals which delicately vein Herat's tissue* flurtli the entire body with rose-color. It often attains a height of over four inchos means: it seems as if a body, counting gravitative force as nothing, had by its own desire lx>en propelled. Closer examination, however, will re- veal definite propulsive structures which exhibit tho very quintessence of co- ordinated motion. Watch the bell which has again drifted to the bottom and now reposes there in uneven balance. Quiver- ing movements are visibly passing along filaments, or tul>e-like channels, in the globe’s interior; but these have to do with the vital processes. It is upon tho surface of the bell that our attention really centres. For, along eight band-like structures, which sweep from the 1 Hill's summit to its lower border, waves of mo- tion are shimmering and shining in tlie sun, and are iridescing as continual motile waves sweep over the minute, lunged plates that overlap in a multiplied series down these wonderful borders. Now, along tho under- most systems, do the flooding ripples more vigorously and un- restrainedly pour, until the body’s almost imponderable inertia is overcome, ■when it tilt«~ upward nearly perpendic- ular; then all eight systems more vividly waken and pour their down-trending showers of propulsive intention in waver- ing rainbow-cascades that break in prismatic flashes and in scintillating gleams, until, all radiant and ablaze with brilliant iridescence, the body floats light- ly aloft. We are told of the im- pulses that pass like messages along sensitive nerve-traets, and it almost seems as if here we saw some otlierwise hidden life-aetivity in virgin purity. With all reverence be it said, one almost imagines that the Power which brought tlie visible world into !>eing. bad reviewed its other creations—the star forms of snow crystals, the transparent plates of mica which flake from the insensate rock, and the rose-liued and purple- dyed tissues of flowers, and then, through the desire for a body combining the structures and delicate nature of these, but more mobile and intimately expressive, tho ctenophores were conceived and were bom in glolx*s of palpable cloud—ribbed, and robed with living light they Hon ted free, to bo, for- ever, a symbol of the Invisible. A SEPTEMBER DAY ON THE SHORE. «15 What degree of sentiency informs these creatures? Microscopic examination‘will disclose certain structures of special sense whose office has been ascertained. A small glittering grain, or pellet, is sit- uated ot the base of a pit in the bell’s depressed summit. This is the cten- ophore’s so-called eye. or. more properly, organ of direction. The minute, cal- careous grain is delicately supported upon four spring-like arms which equally hear its weight. A ciliated groove proceeds outward from the base of each support and separates into two divisions which extend to the swimming-plates of the respective sides of the bell. As a slight lilting of the bell, one way or the other, causes the pellet to press with greater force upon the spring-like arm of the lilted side, the impulse, so generated, is carried along the ciliated groove to the corresponding swimming system, which quickens to increased activity, and the animal’s equilibrium is restored. Before being cast on shore, the eten- ophores usually liberate their eggs, which develop through the late summer and au- tumn; then the young bells probably sink to the deeper ocean beyond the reach of wintry gales. Very little is known of this winter history: science cannot tell in what abysses of the dark ocean they are harbored. But let imagination in place of cer- titude and of observation be our guide, and we will see these creatures drifting through the dusk of the dctep, with the curious animals of that place obscure, in cold, under-sea currents that move in undefined channels over the Atlantic ooze. One hardly knows how to conceive of these creatures wandering among the lower life-forms of our globe, so great a contrast do they present to their com- panions. But this sojourn is only transi- tory. Por. when the seasons in their revolution bring us to spring again, when the upper world universally responds, then do the ctenophores, also, quicken with new life, as if they realize their pale, wandering season over. From the informing Spirit of the bell impulsive waves of motion more vigorously run; from the unseen vitol centre eight crystal- pure rivulets, as of a great- and a visible gladness, well up and rise to the summit of the bell and overflow, pouring down its veiled and globed sides a glistening suc- cession as of tremulous and half-spent desires. Wave upon wave floods down those gleaming borders, and wave upon wave succeeds, until, through this in- spired power, as of an inexhaustible emo- tion—through its ineffable impulsion the ctenophore slowly ascends. A magnified Portion of a Swimming System The minute, glassy plates (of Plnlt’obrachia) arc liintiwl at the base ami fringed at their outer extremity. Each plate partly overlaps the one beneath, producing a scries which sucxcsts over- lying plates of prismatic mica Wo trace its course through the ocean’s depths, peopled with strange in- habitants that, dully moving through the ooze, are ready to devour and destroy, would this winged creature only pause in its flight and grow still. But, guided by the sense that distinguishes the height from the depth, the above from the below —guided by this one faithful sense alone, the ctenophore steadily rises through zone after zone of ocean, each concerned with its own commerce of life and of death, until the region of the upper sea is reached, where the denizens that we know ore fore-gathering to the spring— and, with soft contractions and with quiet expansions as of inbreathings, the veiled body rises still! Only when the sunlight shines across the green water, only when those eight quivering systems of material- ized light are struck across by the Greater Radiance to break into rainbowed irides- cences of crimson and of purple fire, only HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. in the sense of this great and glorious transfiguration do tho veiled and con- volved wings grow still anil fold them- selves in |>enee and repose. Still other eteuophores drift ashore, sometimes in such numbers as to clog tlie nets of fishermen. The balloon- sbaped body of Heroe ova/a is delicately flushed with pale crimson owing to the mul- tiplied veinings of minute canals which branch out from the m a i 11 trunks, situated behind the swim- ming systems, and commingle, cover- ing the bell with rosy ramifications. In this species the swimming-p lates are mom robust, a n d arc; readily watched under the microscope. How they reflect and flash back the light in brilliant spectrum colors, each a separate note in the won- derful, chromatic harmony! Pure crimson, or scar- let, orange, yel- low', bottle-green, or violet light blazes back from each glassy plate as it rises to the sunlight; and these prismatic fires run into each other and change with kaleidoscopic variety. Under the microscope the colors soon fade, for. with the close confinement, the body processes wane. Now. only pale, rainbow tints waveringly waken over transparent plates that rise and sink in feeble rippling motions, then feebly quiver and cease. The wonderful structures are still. Last crimson and lilac gleams blanch and fade from the glassy surfaces, and the ctenophore dies, faintly alight and irradiate with such visionary, celestial colors as the return- ing sunlight strikes from dark rain- clouds after the storm. One other impressive power, inherent in these creatures of the sea. will soon be made plain; for the storm-clouds, which have shut down in thunderous blue over the early sunset, are al- ready spreading a deeper gloom over tho dark ocean. As I lift the hooded cover from my carry- ing-case. hardly seeing it in tho obscurity, and disturb tho jars which are packed there, they gleam as if afire and a s p a r k 1 e with blue and emerald light. I lift one vessel containing Mnemiopsis nota- ble for its bril- liant phospho- rescence. I shake the vessel. A brilliant blue- green glow tin res up. brightening all the water and the sandy l>ottoni with a spectral glimmer. Again I shake it. Points of living fire break forth, anil loop and bead and festoon them- selves in dependent clusters and in columns, u transitory uplifted fabric of undecipherable design flares out against the darkness and dies, for these indicate certain inner centres, possibly the seat of vital powers which tlie daylight hid. now revealed in the darkness of night. I cease to agitato them, and the fire dis- appears; but, ever and again, as, moving here and there, rising or descending in the vessel, the bodies hapi>eu to brush tin- cloudy sides of their fellows, a mo- mentary soft light of exclamation glows. A gathering gloom, such as sombrely A Jar containing Phosphorescent CTtNOPHORts On cloudy nights the crest of a breaking wave will sometimes show a flare of green fire where a ctenophore glow* Occasions have been re- ported when the entire surf rolleii shoreward a waterfall of fire, owing to the thousands of animals involved THE CITY’S CRY. G17 darkens the shore to-night, was advancing over the sounding ocean the first time I ever held a jar of ctenophores in visible phosphorescence. And, upon that occa- sion, as now, when I held the vessel before nie, hardly seeing it in the obscurity, when the mysterious bells glowed and flared again in intermittent fire, the dark, drift- ing curtains of the storm-clouds were themselves momentarily illumined by the lightnings* lambent glow. Within my hand’s reach glowed the veiled, cloudy tissues: out upon the dim horizon, upcast, irradiating reflections of interstellar tire brightened along the wind-swept borders of the storm. And, as 1 watched, again die ctenophore brightened; and once more the sky replied; for this life-cloud finds, in the vast, a great similitude to its fiery body of night, as to its raiubow-hued vestment of day, suggesting that greater similitude and veritable identity which our humanity believes it discovers in great powers not its own. The City’s Cry BY FANNIE STEARNS DAVIS THE City cries to me all day And cries to me all night. I do not put its voice away Wien I put out the light. With stars and frost and windy things, Eternal things and still. The City laughs and sobs and sings Across my window-sill. 0	Shy of Stars, how wide you are! How swept with light you lie! Yet never any leaning star Can heed the City’s cry. 1	lay awake when past the roofs The planets all were strange. I heard the City’s wheels and hoofs. The City’s shift and change. The planets all were greater far Than when I went to sleep; And one long splendor of a star Across the dark did leap. But, oh, for all they were so proud I heard the City cry. And in my dreams I saw a crowd Of wan folk herded by. O	Sky of Stars, though you arc great. Though dreams are heaven-high. Monotonous and -old as Fate I hear the City cry! The Eclectic BY OLIVIA HOWARD DUNBAR IT was already after ten, although no one had remarked it but Mrs. Archi- bald, who always impatiently lived a day ahead and who, even in this curious- ly intimate atmosphere, could not en- tirely surrender herself to tho moment. To any one watching us, it would have seemed as if this group of men and women, talking, not in the least lightly, of other men and women, of the “ ad- venture of life,” and of the essential ad- venture of love—it would have seemed as if we were gathered about some common vessel, perhaps some invisible loving-cup, from which each eagerly drank, and which each in his turn as eagerly replenished. For it wasn’t merely that by such par- ticipation thirst was stimulated rather than assuaged;—the desire, with each of us, to distil, and pour within the cup, the pungent liquid of his own experience, was no less obviously feverish. There was not one of us. of course, who did not suppose that he had effectually dis- guised his contributed essence. Yet it was almost like eavesdropping, I remem- ber. to listen to the transparent general- izations of young Reese, who had been married only a year—and who, until the last absorbing hour, had found us rather an indifferent solace for his temporary bachelorhood. And once or twice I could see that discreet Mrs. Seabury’s whole being was wrenched with the effort to translate an apposite bit of auto- biography into something decently cloaked and impersonal. O’Neill, who was the only professional dinner-guest among us, did. as usual, a good share of the talking, but even he had yielded to the spell of veiled confession, and had laid aside his anecdotal habit. A remarkable and con- tagious intoxication prevails at such mo- ments. One knows that he must speak; but does not ask himself why, and is far from considering what. “ That merely illustrates,” Mrs. Sea- bury had offered, in her spirited way, in comment upon a story of O’Neill’s, “ that our best energy goes to verify platitudes! We’re all rebels when we’re twenty. Our lives aren’t going to swing tamely around the same old tethering-stake that kept our ancestors in that tiresome circular groove of theirs! But by the time we’re thirty we see that our most profound ex- periences have had what result? Why, merely that of making some drab old com- monplace stand out in letters of fire! It’s so humiliating to have to rank one- self among the spiritual bourgeois. That’s why the mpst ravaging experience is less painful than the sober, sensible conclusion it drives one to!” She looked about her in whimsical defiance. Dwight, the widower, who was the only stranger among us, gave his hostess an understanding glance. “ But that’s not the whole story, Mrs. Seabury!” he re- minded her, half lightly. “ You know of course that there’s an endless succes- sion of such phases—rebellion and assent, rebellion and assent!” “ Oh, but I knew I hod some advan- tage over you people who stop to think!” chattered Mrs. Archibald, within whose extravagant comments lay usually .what to me was a quite fascinating kernel of truth. It had often been observed that ideas seemed constantly to be scampering through this vivacious lady’s head like mice through an empty room; but she had no contrivance for detaining them. So she had to talk very fast and fever- ishly or the notion she pursued would escape her altogether. “I never think; ond so. instead of having your morbid experiences. I have always the sensation of being original and unfettered. Re- flection is the most unsalutary practice!” “ If we had all reached ninety,” Sidney Reese gently ventured, “ I suppose we couldn’t disagree about these things; we couldn’t even discuss them. Having bad the same emotions and experiences, and reached the same conclusions—we should THE ECLECTIC. 019 tuerel.v sit nodding in the sun and assent- ing to one another's tritenesses.” “ There aren’t many of us that es- cape,” O’Neill pursued. “ And yet there are instances. For example, I know of a man who thought all this over when he was very young, and thereupon chose to discard all the notions that the rest of us shape our lives by—chose, indeed, to discard life itself, as we live it, and to frame another that might or might not be superior. Interesting experiment.” There were encouraging murmurs from most of us, but from Dwight, who until this moment had given an impression almost of languor, the challenge shot with a painful directness, “ Do you mean that you knew Rendell ?" “ Knew him ? Why, no,” drawled O’Neill, evidently veiling astonishment at the manner of the question, which immediately had altered and sharpened the quality of our atmosphere. “ He was a Princeton man, I remember, somewhat before my day. and I knew several fel- lows who used to talk about him. But I never saw him and haven’t heard of him for years. I’ve often wondered if he arrived at anything. Can you tell us?” “ I knew him.” was all that Dwight conceded, his swarthy, haggard face un- heeding our curious glances. “ A sane man who refused life,” Mrs. Seabury smoothly summed up. “I think we shall have to hear about him. That is—was he sane. Mr. Dwight?” “ Entirely so,” Dwight answered, with a certain grimness. “ That, after all, was what differentiated him. The rest of us, of course, are mostly delusion-fed.” “It's not a quality that recommends him!” Mrs. Archibald decisively ob- served. “ I never like a man whom other men praise for his sanity. As for women—but who ever describes a wom- an as sane?” With this she rose to leave, but her hostess insisted that she stay—that she spend the night, indeed, inasmuch as our conclave seemed scarcely to have begun. And the rest of us were briskly informed that we might leave only when the story was finished. At which we all turned thirstily toward Dwight. But it proved not so easy to induce him to begin. From the start it had of course been evident that the subject was far from agreeable to him—but the man had an odd sort of literalness that made him helpless before our persistence. I am sure that if he could have thought of an excuse for declining which would have been both honest and sufficient, we should never have heard the story. But we were i>11 patient, and Mrs. Seabury was‘co- gently persuasive; and at last our friend yielded. “I knew Julian Rendell at college,” he began, in a voice that had a sugges- tion of harshness: and then paused. “ If I told you about him as he was then, you would think him a prig; but he was very far from that. I was one, however, and that was why I preferred sitting in Rendcll’s room, listening to his talk, to playing football with fellows who were more of my own calibre. I supplied the only need he had at that time, which was that of an audience, and he expounded, as boys do, upon pretty nearly every subject in the uni- verse. From what I can recall of his talk. I can see very plainly that this idea of bis. that O’Neill has mentioned, and that was to dominate his life, arose from 110 chance whim. It represented an essential part of his nature. Not that he was j»erverse—nor was lie a natural ascetic. But be was extravagantly fastidious, incredibly eclectic—I think that best expresses him. “ Of course a lad of that sort didn’t take college seriously. He was too ma- ture and too positive. And yet he was more reluctant to leave it than I, who thought it a very heaven. When I first knew him. I used to protest, after the manner of boys, that I was tired of lecture-rooms, and that I longed .to go aWay and lire/—and I remember how he used to smile. It interested and aston- ished him. he -iaid. to observe that other people desired ‘ life.’ For him the reason for tolerating college was that it wasn’t life—that it eliminated so many gross and painful features of life. Its restric- tion and artificiality were what he com- mended in it. It hadn't any misery, or vulgarity, or garishness—he would point out to me—or social puerilities, or do- mestic dulness; and these lacks lie in- tensely valued. I believed such an at- titude to be highly admirable, and though HARPERS MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 020 at the time it was beyond iny reach, I hoped some day to imitate it. I believe even now that Reudell really was an astonishingly developed youth for his years, and he must have found the cub- bishness of even the most precocious of us hard to boar. “ One day I remember that. I was still artless enough to breathe to him the word Adventure. It, was a noun for which I had great awe. “ * Do you know what people mean by adventure ?’ he demanded. ‘ They mean an opportunity of violently hating a man or violently loving a woman; if possible, a tangle of both.’ •	“ I digested this respectfully, as usual. I could understand that my enlightened young preceptor was not interested in the emotion of hate; it was far too rudi- mentary—” “Nor in love?” innocently questioned Sidney Reese. “ Yes. He admitted love,” said Dwight, slowly. “ But tlie notion he had then was scarcely an idealistic one. . . . Oh, Rendell had everything wonder- fully settled. He hadn’t an uncertainty in the world. “ Though Rendell’s was always a tutelary attitude toward me, we were re- markably close together as long as we were in college. I became very dependent 011 him; and I believe lie was fond of me. But after our Commencement, when we all disappeared like so many drops of water spilled from a jug, I didn’t see or hear from him for two years. Nat- urally. there was 110 activity he could logically engage in. He belonged to a brilliant and rather conspicuous family. If he had been the usual sort, they would have • arranged a diplomatic career for him. But, of course, with Julian—! In my own case, and in that of most of the other men, there wasn’t much question as to what we should do with ourselves. We simply settled down to our cut-and- dried professions. I went in with.a firm of architects, and at the end of two years felt myself a middle-aged citizen. Meanwhile I had heard that Julian was in Egypt. But he never confirmed this— and to this day I don’t know’ where he spent those years. “ As soon as I heard that he was back, I hunted him up withotit delay. My af- fectionate awe of him was as strong as ever. Besides, I hadn’t gotten that no- tion of the importance of ‘life’ out of my head, and I was eager to know if he. with his magnificent free opportunity, hadn’t seen the shining light or felt the great emotion. 1 had 110 doubt as to the experiences that would have befallen me, had I been at large for two years—my idealism was incurable. But Rendell as- sured me, with a smile for my imma- turity, that he had found nothing of the sort. And indeed he bore no be- traying signs of it. If he had changed, it was merely that he had found more things to dislike. The usual pursuits of civilized men—society, sport, theatres, clubs—he regarded with contempt. He scorned the professions, and he recog- nized that he had no supreme vocation for any of the arts. As a matter of fact, lie seemed to me to have an extraordinary gift both for music and for letters, but he thought it futile to be less than the greatest. I suggested to him at this time that he devote himself to making books of his philosophizings. But he main- tained, in a spirit that was very far from modesty, that no work of his could be of permanent significance. Nothing that he could do seemed worth while, because lie saw beyond everything. That was his curse, I think. An unclouded vision *is rather more than any of us can bear. “ It was never until this time that he had put into so many words, in speak- ing to me, his intention to decline ‘ life.’” Dwight paused a little here and spoke these sentences with a slow irony. “ It seemed to me a sublime course. Julian himself I regarded as an anointed being. My own content with an ordinary exist- ence appeared nothing short of despicable. “ Nor did it ever occur to me that he might weaken. That was the sort he was; he compelled belief. So I was not surprised when, shortly afterward, he told me that lie had bought a place down 011	the Maryland shore where he intended to live alone indefinitely. And to me and to several other men he said quite casual- ly that if we cared to see him be should be glad to have us hunt him up; but that he should never invite us. “ The following summer I took him at his word. His place wasn’t easy to find; and staying with him wasn’t much like THE ECLECTIC. 621 the usual visit. He didn't, of course, go in for horses, dogs, sport, fancy garden- ing, or any of the customary ‘ country gentleman ’ pastimes. No newspapers or magazines ever came there; in fact, he had no post-office address. I must re- peat, however, that he had no ascetic ideal. He merely chose to withdraw himself from the vulgar, the trivial, the irrational. And in his view most ele- ments in the lives of the rest of us fell under those categories. He was by no means without his luxuries in that hermitage of his; but they were of the most delicate and sublimated character. Two Japanese servants took care of the whole establishment. My host and I didn’t eat together, I remember, for Julian regarded that as a barbarous custom. When one of us was hungry, he merely helped himself from stores that included the choicest fruits, the most delicate wines—” “ When the invader came.” coolly de- manded Mrs. Archibald, as though there had been some transition, “ did she ac- cept all this fantastic arrangement or did she disturb it?” “ The invasion,” Dwight answered, slowly, “ was too brief to allow of any—rearrangement. The invader was cast out.” “ But so very many ladies must have been supplicants for his hand,” suggested O’Neil], no longer able to suppress his habitual flippancy. “ This lady was not,” Dwight grimly stated, without looking up. “ I see how it was—he was in love with her,” announced Mrs. Seabury. “ I have every reason to believe that he was.” Dwight seemed to measure his syllables. We all waited. “. . . . But his scheme had not in- cluded the indulgence of that emotion. So he—declined her, with the rest of life.” “He was a fanatic, of course,” said Sidney Reese. “ No, he was not. But he was so con- stituted that in the most blinding of hu- man crises he still retained the power of choice.” “And she?” asked Mrs. Seabury, soft- ly. “ You’ll have to tell us. I think.” Dwight now looked as though he had been swept so far backward by his remi- niscence that he was scarcely longer con- scious of the listeners who groped after him. Nor did his narrative from this point cost him further effort. It was rather the easier course. I surmised, for him to continue. And we all forbore further interruption, for in some way I am sure we all knew that he was tell- ing us something that he had never told before. “ The one pastime that Rendell counte- nanced,” Dwight resumed • his thread again, “was sailing the seas. It had for him none of the childishness or bar- barity of other forms of sport. Indeed, in his attitude toward the sea he was something more, I used to think, than coolly reasonable. It brought out a kind of mystical fervor in him that noth- ing else in the world elicited. And, al- though he would never leave his place for any other purpose, he was not un- willing to board a comfortable deck. So one summer, a year or so after my visit to him, a friend of his and of mine took us both cruising on a yacht. There were only a dozen of us on board. And one was a young woman who— “ Oh, well, it’s not necessary for me to describe her. But any match-maker would have delighted in bringing this girl and Julian Rendell together. Any- body could see what obvious complements they were. However, no manipulation was necessary in their extraordinary ease. They discovered each other within an hour after sailing. And from that time on, though without any suggestion of coquetry on her part or mere dal- liance on his, they spent all their time together. The other people on board leered amiably, with an assumption of understanding. But those two noticed nothing. They were too desperately serious. I was the only one, I think, who understood how serious they were. I knew that they were having their supreme adventure. But it didn’t in- spirit me. I knew Julian too well. I had too well-founded a fear of the out- come. . . . We were on the yacht two weeks. And when, at the end, we came ashore and exchanged our cheerful, com- monplace farewells, Julian and—Julian and the girl smiled and shook hands. . . . They never saw each other again. “ I think perhaps I may be pre- HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 622 senting his case too gently when I say that he declined her. As a matter of fact, he did nothing of the sort. He accepted her. He accepted her radiant and measureless love. But he made his own use of it. “ You see, it was the girl’s miserable fate not to offend him iu any particular —and nothing less than what he consid- ered consummate perfection could do that. There wasn’t a point in which she didn't -satisfy his cruelly exigent taste. Nor was his the only judgment that found in her every imaginable grace —of body, of mind, of spirit. It would have been very well if he had been con- tent with approving. But he chose to love her. And he intended that his love —the astonished rapture, that is, of those weeks on board the yacht—should not wane. He intended to preserve the lu- minous thing forever, in the crystal of his imagination—and her presence near him was by no means a necessary adjunct to that feat. It was something he was quite capable of doing; he knew his powers. All the poetry of love he made his; he merely rejected the prose. “ We all know that the prose is less desirable—” Dwight looked at the faces about him —at the gallant mask that was Mrs. Sea- bury’s, the anxious triviality of Mrs. Archibald’s, the smooth, hard disillusion- ment of O’Neill’s, the sudden dismay in Reese’s. . . . Oh. it was quite plain that his audience understood! “ —The barrenness of conversation five or ten years afterward,’’ he went on, “ the tiresome, inelastic matters that mar- ried people are foroed to have in com- mon, the sometimes sordid familiarity— we all know this. But we don’t speak of it much. We don’t constantly face it; we don’t, above all things, throw it in the scales together with tlie one price- less experience of life! But Rendell did. He wouldn’t have the woman he loved on those terms. For him it was infinite- ly easier to lose her. Her side of it, of course, he didn’t dream of considering. So they shook hands, as I say, and Ren- dell went back to his place and read Plato and took sea-baths and—well, at all events, he kept himself quite free from the disturbing or the commonplace. His existence remained entirely undefiled.” “I suppose she went into settlement work,” Mrs. Archibald unemotionally interposed. “ She—married another man," Dwight Corrected, very slowly. “ You see—she was a woman of great kindness. And there was an unfortunate chap hanging about who had also been hanging about a good while previously, and with whose sentiments toward herself she was entire- ly familiar. So when she caught her breath after the cruel thing Rendell did, she was so thoroughly a woman, she had such a passion for conferring happiness, that she chose to confer it on the one who seemed to her most to need it.” “ Oh, but that’s so comforting.” Mrs. Seabury smiled. “ I was afraid you were going to tell us something much worse.” “ It couldn’t have been worse. I menu, she couldn't have made a more serious mistake. There was no high and just appropriateness in the marriage she made, as there would have been had she mar- ried Rendell. She was too superior n creature, she had always to stoop—oh, I don’t mean that it wasn’t always in the most beautiful way—but nevertheless she stooped. But of course that wasn’t the greatest difficulty. “ The reason the thing was so horribly wrong was that she was still, of course, in love with Rendell. And there he was in the same world with her, still alive, still, as she well knew, loving lier. At every moment of her life she was con- scious of the man to whom in imagina- tion she belonged, yet who had denied her. who had shut her out. And that was no fault of hers. It was inevitable. She and Rendell did belong to each other. . . . And under those circumstances you can see that it wasn’t much solace for her to have always a secondary sort of chap at hand. As for the chap himself . . .” Dwight had filled the loving-cup to overflowing now. Silently we sham! in the draught. I fancied I detected the others striving, as I strove, not to be- tray how deeply the man’s singular rev- elations had moved us. And an hour l>efore I had thought him an agreeable but slightly arid companion! “ It was an odd sort of invert'd jealousy that afflicted him. I do not be- lieve there was anything base in the emo- tion. Tf jealousy was ever justified, his SONG. 023 must have been. He had, of course, mar- ried the woman he loved. Your common- place observer would tell you that should have satisfied him—that his own attitude was fantastic in not surrendering himself to happiness. But the wisest of you will understand the wretched falseness of his position. You will see that his torment —though having, as he did, her com- panionship, nnd the privilege of constant- ly beholding her loveliness, accepting her acts of kindness—was undoubtedly far greater than that of -Rendell, who never raw her, yet who effortlessly controlled her life and thought. Oh, Rendell knew! Jt’s absurd to imagine ho didn't know— as she knew—as her husband knew. But not a word of it could bo spoken. They spent their lives in a dusk of silence—a dusk so deep that it seemed at times they eould scarcely see each other. “ Oh, well, I needn’t go any further. I have told enough to show you how wrongly it all turned out. Three lives, and not unimportant lives, were utterly wrong. And all through the whimsies of a fellow who thought too much. We muss life so terribly — the important things at least—when we think too much about it. We ought to approach them simply—accept them naturally. Perhaps Rendell knows this now. Perhaps it all seemed different to him when she died. I don’t know how that may have been. But he can never know how wrong he was. Only one man knows that. Nor would there be any virtue in his knowing, now that it is irremediable. He may still be comparing, selecting, declining. . . . At all events ”—Dwight looked at Mrs. Seabury with clear candor—“ I’ve told you all I know of him. You may form your own opinions of his theory—and of his applications.” “ There’s more than one deduction to Ije drawn from that story,” remarked O’Neill, trying to restore a natural tone to our atmosphere. “ Only one important one,” said Sid- ney Reese, with conviction. “ Sidney, you’re all youthful aggressive- ness,” began Mrs. Archibald, in a fa- miliar manner; and ended, surprisingly, “ If you were older, you’d understand— oh, well, you’d understand that there isn’t one of us that doesn’t agree with you!” Song BY RICHARD LE GALLIENNE ALL the words in all tlie world Cannot tell you how I love you, All the little stars that shine— To make a silver crown above you; All the flowers cannot weave A garland worthy of your hair, And not a bird in the four winds Can sing of you that is so fair. Only the spheres can sing of you; Some planet in celestial space. Hallowed and lonely in the dawn. Shall sing the poem of your face. The Woman Who Was Ashamed BY MARGARITA SPALDING GERRY TIIE house stood out among its weather - beaten neighbors strung along the shady road tliat for al- most a hundred years had been for the village the highway of life and death. During tlie years the journeying of many feet had left traces in tlie deep grooves of stone door-steps; while the ebbing life- flood of the countryside had left, its tide- mark of an occasional windowless, door- less tenement, the shell of a dead family, flung high by a grassy wayside. But this house was newly painted, glaringly, cheerfully bright with its reds and yellows, beside the soft melancholy of weather-tinted shingles. The walk that led to the door was dazzlingly white with powdered clam-shells. Through the wood- shed door there was a glimpse of the winter’s thrifty store of wood, already piled high, although the flowers of the brief summer were in their glory beside the road. Back of tho house was the orchard, the trees heavy with still green fruit; stunted, domestic, familiar trees they were, that seemed to hump gnarled shoulders and stretch limbs distorted bearing fruit for man—longing for the careless caress that should be the reward of their service. The only disorderly region of the whole snug domain was where the old stone wall that formed its boundary from the road was buried under the load of eager summer life that had flung itself forward in search of a foot- hold where it could bloom and bloom and bloom its unthrifty, prodigal joy into thrifty brownness and seed. But seed-time was far distant on the morning when it caught my vagrant eye. and there was no trail of brown in all the sweet tangle of wild-rose and morning- glory and blackl)erry vine. It was the wild roses that held me, the glory and the pathos of the northern summer—un- matched, ineffable in their morning blush and melting curves—and to bj shattered at the violence of another day. As I wondered at them, a little gray figure like a shadow was visible for an instant between the house and the wood- shed, then disappeared. But in that in- stant I caught sight of a spiall, peering face in the aperture left by a close- clutched shawl, and was gripped by the drowning eagerness of the eyes. I waited, with an odd sense of obliga- tion to remain—my eyes for the pink and green of the rose hedge, my nostrils full' of the delicious compound of salt and balsam and faint, sun-distilled flower- perfumes, my ears busy with the melody wrought by the chorus of small chirping voices and the deep organ-song of the telegraph wires overhead, chanting of the eager work of the hurrying, growing world. But my mind was concerned with the human life that had somehow sent me its appeal. As the minutes passed, with no return of the small gray figure, tho uneasy sense grew that eyes were on me from behind the closed shutters. I began to cast around for some plausible reason for knocking at the door. I was not con- victed in my own mind of curiosity; it was merely that I knew it was meant I should enter. When one has been friendly with elemental things for long vacation-weeks impulse grows to have the authority it was intended to have. Fortunately, lacking noon as it was, a woman came from her door across the road, put a huge coneh-sbell to her lips— for which bit of the old time I secretly blessed her—and called for the midday meal. Then the reason came to me—that hunger which we at the Camp so care- fully cultivated and concerning which we exchanged exultant meal-time notes. I reconnoitred. There was a milk-pan sunning on a bench by the side door, and n half-submerged pail in a tiny spring- house by the side of the brook. The house looked neat and trim and prosperous— I would ask for a glass of milk. Drawn by J. A. Williams	Half-tone plate engraved by P. A. Pettit THE DOOR OPENED ALMOST AT THE INSTANT OF MY KNOCK  THE WOMAN WIIO WAS ASHAMED. 025 The door opened almost at the instant of my knock—it must, then, have been her eyes that I had felt watching me. And yet. when I entered, she blotted her- self against the wall, with her shawl still protecting her, in the attitude of one who persuades herself she is concealed! <f I wonder if you could spare me a glass of milk? 1 have been walking—” I had said so much, when I was halted by the amazing effect of my words. Her breath came in short, frightened gasps, her wondering, wide-opened eyes were on my face. What had there been so ex- traordinary in my request? Was she in- sane? But I had heard nothing of any madwoman in the locality; and there is usually not much concerning one an- other’s deficiencies that neighbors arc not willing to impart. “ If you have none that you can spare—” I was turning to go. when a small claw of a hand was darted out. It seized my sleeve feverishly. “Just come in—and wait—in—in the pa’lor!” she gasped. Her voice had the creak and rasp of the door she threw open. The damp, earthy air of the closed and shuttered room enfolded me as I groped around in the dim light for a seat. I found it in a stiff, horsehair-covered chair beside the centre-table. In the gloom I dimly saw three other chairs and a small sofa against the wall, framed photographs, a crayon of a larger size, a picture of a large ship under much mathe- matically exact sail, the oval frame and glass that sheltered a stiff wreath of funeral flowers. Big shells were sta- tioned at either end of the empty hearth, and a china dog and a small spangled fig- ure bearing a basket were placed mathe- matically distant from a fan-like spray of coral 011 the centre of the mantel- shelf. There were, in fact, all of the objects absolutely necessary to proclaim to the world respectability—and the cheer- less order of non-use. Before the chill had had time to pene- trate, my hostess was back. One hand held out the brimming glass of milk, the other ''hitched closer to her haad the shawl. I could see, even in the dark that made of her form a black instead of a gray shadow, that she watched me. while I drank it, with an anxiety that had in it something feverish and even tragic. The Vot_ CXXI —No. 724 — 78 chilling presentiment of the abnormal that pervaded me did not keep me from realizing that the milk was delicious, rich, creamy; and that, when we summer peo- ple who scoured the country for milk and cream were becoming accustomed to the dismal blue that must servo for all but the babies. “ Thank you so much,” I said, as I put the glass back in her hand. “ It’s evident the drought hasn’t affected your cows.” There was a pause before she responded to my trivial remark—a pause that car- ried with it something of the awkward effect of unused machinery, and some- thing of what would have seemed to me, had it not been so evident that there was nothing in the situation to justify it. panic. “ I—haven’t any cow,” she said final- ly, as if a confession had been wrung from her. “ That saves you trouble.” I was fum- bling with the clasp of my chatelaine bag—surely I had placed some small change there. Again there was the pause that seemed more freighted with meaning than com- mon sense could justify. And again the unwilling speech: “1 haven’t any menfolks to do stable chores. And since the rheumatiz got to my hands—•” A glance at the small knotted hand that still held the shawl together completed her sentence. “ But how lucky you are to be able to get such good milk from your neighbors!” There is a human instinct that makes one cram a cheerful truism down the most unwilling throat. “ I wish you would let me know who furnishes it. Maybe we can beg some from him at the Camp—” How much, I was wondering, should I offer? It seemed to bo as heinous to give too much to our business-like country hosts as to give too little. “ Most of the cows are drying up.” she said, her eyes uneasily on my hand and the chatelaine bag. ifIt’s l>ecn awful dry —and then the pasturage ’s eriving out ’most everywhere about here.” “ But they let you have it—” There was a long pause. “ Yes. They’re—kind—I suppose you’d call it. But then ”—was there a touch of defiance in her tone ?—“ I don’t use much.” HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 620 1 had found tho coin I sought and had risen with my hand outstretched, when for the first time she raised her eyes and met mine fairly; small eyes hers were, twinkling warily far back in their nest of wrinkles. And they held roe while I was made to know that a sick soul waited, fearing, hoping, some decision of my own. What was it? Why was she so furtive, so strange, so hidden away, yet so wist- ful? The instinct that sometimes saves us from cruel blunders made me finger undecidedly the coin that, in every other house of the whole region, would have been accepted without question. And I pot it away. A sigh escaped her. and her face quivered for an instant into satisfaction. She turned and eagerly beckoned me into the room across the entry. It was a homely, worn place, kitchen and living- room together. There was a small round table covered with a red cotton cloth, a painted pine sideboard with a few pieces of glassware on it, a tarnished old “ castor ” with its vinegar cruet and salt and pep- per, a flaring glass cake-dish on a long standard, a tumbler or two. In the built- in cupboard were a few coarse plates and cups and saucers, and drawn up to the table was a cane-bottomed chair, while a black-painted rocker with a cushion of cotton patchwork was under the window —geraniums blooming cheerfully in old tomato-cans. Poor as it was, the room was cheerful with the noontide snn flooding it. ‘•'Won’t you—sit down?” There was a new decisiveness in my hostess’s man- ner. While she pulled the rocking-chair invitingly forward, her shawl fell to the floor, and she picked it up with a gesture of finality and hung it on a nail behind tlie door. I glanced at the small drab calico-gowned figure with still growing curiosity. Her head was erect and her eyes were bright and excited. “ Won’t you—sit a while and take a dish of tea with me?” Her breath came fast in an anxiety I could not disappoint. But the sense of bewilderment deepened as I assented, trying to let none of the effort with which I spoke creep into my voice. Then she began to bnstle feverishly about. There was at first uncertainty in tho movements with which she raised a leaf of the table, set on it a cracked sugar-bowl with one handle gone, two horn-handled knives, and plates. But confidence had come when she paused and looked undecidedly from me to the lowest shelf of the corner cupboard. There was a dawning cliild-pleasure in her look, struggling with secretive cunning. “ I ’most believe—” Sho paused and drew a long breath. “ But there ain’t anybody about here that knows.” She looked at me dubiously. “ But ”—with a sudden dash of desperate resolution— “ I'll get it out 1” There was an interval of rummaging, from which she emerged holding an ex- quisite Royal Canton cup and saucer deli- cately between the thumb and finger of either hand. She set them down on tho table before me. “ There! I had the whole tea-set once. My gran'tlier brought it to me when lie came home from his China v’.vage the year after I was married. He was a sea- captain and he owned the best ship in the lm’bor. And the China trip was the biggest thing any one about here cal’lated to do then.” “ Was your husband a sea-captain too? And is that the picture of his ship in the parlor?” I was admiring tlie rich yet delicate coloring of the deco- ration and the warm, transparent tone of tlie china. “Yes; but it was all tl»e coast trade when he went to sea. But that’s played out now—for any but the big companies —was before he died—” She caught her- self up with a frightened glance at me. “ And the china ?” I prompted her gently. Was there, then, some disgrace of the husband ? I seemed to be merely repeating lines in a play, the outcome . of which I knew but had mysterious- ly forgotten. “ Well—I sold most of it. Not that there was anybody would give me any- thing like what it was worth. There ain’t anybody here that has the money to—” A queer gleam of malicious pleas- ure shot across her face. “ My gran’ther could have bought and sold any of— Them in his day. But I kept this one and hid it. so—They wouldn’t know I had it.” “ * They ’ ?” I had suggested the ques- tion before I had realized how imperti* THE WOMAN WHO WAS ASIIAMEI). 027 ncnt it was. She gave me another of her quick, dubious glances. “ Any of the neighbors’ children. They might break it; it’s so thin.” she ex- plained. breathlessly. “ Sometimes they come in to pile vfp the wood or bring it in for mp.” “ That's kind—” I had l>egun. when I saw her wince. “ They haven’t any call to do it—un- less they want to,” she said, sullenly. “ And I eal’lnte to pay their mothers— someway. I darn their stockings some- times, or sew buttons on for them—that is. I used to. But now—my hands—” Slie gave an angry look at the knotted little fingers. “ It’s because of my hands— They—” She checked herself again, and wiped the cup and saucer daintily be- fore she put it down before me. Then she went to rummaging again, until she brought out a tiny canister of tea, with a strange sprawl of Chinese characters upon it. “ What tea is that t” I asked. “ I never saw that before.” “ Nor ever will.” she amended, with an attitude of growing dignity. “ That’s some I’ve had put a way for years. And it isn’t the kind that loses its strength, when it’s properly wrapped up. either. You needn’t mind drinking that. It was given to me before—” She caught the look of wonder that must have been on my face, and stopped herself with a sharp note of impatience in her voice. “ I’ll go out and get a stick of wood.” she said, dryly, and went out of the room. But she tiptoed back again in a mo- ment to ask me. with an elaborate care- lessness that I have seen equalled only when my little daughter prepares for me some gigantic “s’prise ”: “ I suppose you haven’t seen any straw- berries up here since you came?” “ No.” I answered, taking the cue with the ease that comes of long practice. “ They were all gone. I believe, when We got here.” “ Too bad. isn’t it?” she said. “And I’ve heard the rusticat.ors mainly like the flavor of the wild strawberries, too! Well. I’ll set the kettle to draw in a minute now.” I heard her chuckle slyly as she dipped back again. When she came back, to place before tee a plate of ginger cookies and a tiny jug of cream, the excited color had risen to her face. But, although her voice shook with nervousness, there was a sweet dignity in her manner as she said: “ Will you draw up your chair, please ?” Wc were seated. She bent her head to pour out my cup of fragrant tea. “ I will take as many cups as I can swallow,” I vowed to myself as I saw her face. No little girl at her first tea-party with a new set of Christmas dishes could pos- sibly have been more rapt. Tt was a real party as we sipped our tea together—it actually was the most deli- cious brew I have tasted for many a day. But she directed sly glances toward a mysterious covered dish she had slipped on the table at her side. The first instant when 1 had stopped dilating on the tea she whisked off the cover. There was a dish of fresb strawberries, red against a wreath of their own green leaves! “ How lovely!” I cried out with pleas- ure—it really wasn't any effort at all to play my part—the “s’prise” was un- doubtedly charming. “ They grow right back here in Cap’n Beasley’s wood-lot.” she beamed. “ Yo\i needn’t mind about eating them at all. They're anybody's for the picking. And I’ve had so many of them I’m tired.” Naturally it was my role to linger over each berry, expatiating over its perfection, the exaefc difference in flavor between it and the cultivated varieties, the reasons for the difference. With the last berry, however. I found it necessary to change the topic. “ These are delicious cookies,” I said. But there evidently was a false step. A pall fell over the party. She hurried in her explanation: “ Mrs. Adams—across the road—sent them to me. She baked this morning. I don’t cook, myself—anything fancy. I never was much of a hand to eat—and it's little I need—now. Just bread and butter and tea and a mite of fish or pork now and then.” She seemed trying to justify herself in my eyes. “What kind neighbors you have!” I said. “ Yes. they’re—kind.” she replied. And then it dawned on me that I had before insisted on the “ kind ”- ness of her neighbors; and that she bin! 628 HARP KB’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. answered me with th© same half-sullen, half-ironical intonation. Hunting around for another topic, my eyes fell on the neat and plentiful wood- piles that I could see as I sat facing the window. So I was eloquent concerning the pleasure of the big wood-fires at the Camp, and wondered who would bring us more bard wood. That made her wince again. " I don't know—I’d ruther not say—I— get mine from Cap’n Beasley. But he don't oal’late to—sell—to every one.” I realized at last that my mission in her house, for some mysterious reason, was merely to eat—that what she wanted was to feast her eyes upon a guest at her table. So. while she herself merely pre- tended to be eating, I dallied over every ginger cookie, and ruthlessly ate up every one of them. And I drank three cups of tea. With each mouthful that I ate—nnd with each word that I didn't say—the little woman opposite me seemed to grow in stature and dignity. I could see her shoulders straighten before my eyes; hollows in her cheeks were filled out; the dend gray of her skin took on a living tone; her eyes came out of their ambush and were gentle and benignant as Nature must once have intended them to be; she seemed to look at me with affection; the scant gray hair shone with a silver lustre—the recollection came to me of the last sunset I had saei), when the stark rocks of the island opposite had been wrought into softened splendor by the passing miracle of the afterglow. At last, when it seemed to me that there was no possible reason for not go- ing, I rose to take my leave. The old woman put out her hand to detain me. She withdrew it in an instant, but the motion had made its record. It was the despairing clutch on companionship of a desolate soul. So I paused again at tho threshold, in view of the living beauty of the outside world, the jewel-studded green, the romping waves, the sky’s in- nocent blue. She would not follow me farther than to the door, and cowered into the shadow of its side. She cast an uneasy glance up and down tho road, muttering to herself: “ If—Tliey should see her!” The sin- ister shadow that had been dispelled while we sat at table fell again. Why was it that she so clung to mo? And of what was she afraid? “ A charming site you have here,” I said. “ My husband set store by it,” she said, dully. “ But I never could abide the water when I was young.” “He made you care for it?” I scent- ed romance. “ Oh, I suppose I turned fool like all the rest when my time came. I used to go for a sail with him sometimes when I'd let my scholars out and he was home from a cruise. You’d think he would have had enough of the water, being first off"cer on the bo-ut he bought the next year. I mind how the girls used to plague me with having a beau that didn’t know any better way of keeping comp’ny than tliat. But he never \yould buy a proper buggy. And he never had any eye for a horse.” The sting of the ancient disappointment was in her voice. “ Was he lost at sea ?” “ No, Bert died in his bed at last—and after a good long spell of sickness that used up everything we had been able to put away.” Was she really callous, or was it that feeling had been for a long time dead? “But little Bert wa’n’t a mite like him. He was afraid of the sea —like I’d been, I guess. But then he was never quite right—” I gasped with horror. “ Oh—wasn’t that worse than—death?” She looked at me curiously. “I don’t know. He was a great one to work. It was kind of queer, too. lie would work and work, and the only way you knew he wa’n’t just like other boys was that you had to tell him when to stop. He’d keep right on till he dropped.” “And he died, too?” I asked, a great pity for the desolate mother flooding my heart. “Yes— There was a fall when the mortgage fell due—we’d had to put it back on after his father died. So little Bert knew, in his way, that I needed money. And lie had a job of clam-digging that paid him real well. He worked awful hard, early and late. One day—I was away, quilting comforts down the road a spell. 1 told Mis’ Allen, who lived next door, to look after little Bert, but she forgot. So there wa’n’t any one to tell him when to stop. And lie worked straight T1IE WOMAN WHO WAS ASHAMED. through the night and part of the nest day. When Mis' Allen found him he was beat out; he had fallen down in a heap. He never seemed to get over it.'’ “ Poor little Bert—” I was wondering how mothers bear such things. “ My boy was a good boy. if he xva'n’t just right,” she said, dully. “ And he was a great one to work. If lie had lived— There’s Mis’ Adams across the road—for all she puts on so much—send- ing me ginger cookies—all she’s got ex- cept her farm—and that isn’t dear—and her two pair of hands, is that boy of hers. If she should lose him. I eal'late she'd be on the town fast enough!” “Where is your poorliouse?” I asked, to change her thought—the expression on her face was not pleasant. She drew herself up proudly. “ ‘ Poor- house’? We never had to have a poor- house! Everybody here has all he wants and money in the bank. Why, our town has money at interest! They may liave to have places like that far south—or where there are a lot of shiftless for- eigners. But here we eal’late to take care of ourselves!” The stern independence of her bearing was inspiring, harsh as it was. “ No, we have never had any one on the town since—” She stopped abrupt- ly. then took up her story again hurriedly. “ Even after little Bert died I used to make as much as the best of them dig- ging clams, before the rheumatiz wont to m.v hands. I had the mortgage ’most paid off. They pay two dollars a barrel for clams at the factory.” I looked for a moment at the slight figure, the bands, and turned away my head. “ It used to be real handy,” she reflect- ed. “ There’s a fine clam-bed down there, just under the bank. And I was real thankful Bert had built the house here.” A gay little sloop lilted into view around the curve of the clam-bed she pointed out. It was the Zephyr, and I knew the party would be on board that I had refused to make one of, saying I must work. As it swept past, lee scup- pers properly under water, sails bellying, some one eausrht sight of me on the door- step above them and waved me an ironical salute. Then the whole party stood Tip and groaned in chorus, expressing sym- pathy with the slave I had represented myself 'to be. Marion went through a vigorous pantomime of toil at a wash- tub, which would have been more success- ful had she the slightest idea of the process; Tom Parker thumped at an im- aginary typewriter; Louise gave a real- istic touch by dusting violently the deck cushions; Perry turned himself into a street laborer breaking stones; Billy Sands—always the monkey of them all— ground oxit a concert on a street-piano. They were still careening around in cyn- ical joy when the sail disappeared around the headland. My hostess looked at them with unnoting eyes. “If it wa’n’t for the rheumatiz—and if little Bert had lived—They would have had to leave me alone. I could have managed a bo-ut as well as any man; and they pay well for fish at the factory. There’s Mis’ Adams looking at us! I suppose she’s wondering what I’m doing with a visitor. And if she knew you’d been to eat with me!” Her face wrinkled into a thousand lines of malice—and alarm. “ Thank you so much for the deli- cious tea,” I said, awkwardly. “ I feel so much refreshed.” She bent her head with the ghost of her gracious manner. “It was a real pleasure.” Again I tried to resist her unspoken appeal and go. Sl»e shook hands with me. I went reluctantly down the two steps that led to the dazzlingly white walk. Then I turned; she was still peering at me—a drowning look. “ Tell me!” I had said before I knew I was going to speak. She shrank deeper into her corner, with a look of scared wonder upon her face. I climbed the steps again, and was at her side. “ Indeed, it will do you good.” I said, taking the little knotted hand in mine. “You need to talk to some one.” An ugly suspicion came into her face. “What have yon heart!? Who has been talking to you ?” she whispered. “ I have never heard your name.” I looked earnestly at her to make sure she would believe. “ But I have felt, every moment, as if there were something you wanted to say to me.” She made a pitiful effort at indigna- tion. “ I don’t know what you mean, coming here like this! I don’t need any HARPER'S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. one to talk to—I have all I want. Just because you’re a rusticator—” She jerked her hand away. 1 smiled at her while I was waiting to think what would move her. Then an inspiration came to me that went to tho root of the matter. “ In a few days I am going away. I shall probably never be here again. You need never see me face to face another time. And even if I wished to speak, there is no one of your neighbors with whom I have ever exchanged a word. If you like, I’ll give you my promise—” She shook her head—but I felt her wavering. “ There are times when it is safer to tell some one.” I spoke as gently as I cotdd. “ I know—because I have felt it—” “ Come in,” she said, drawing me to- ward her with feverish impatience. “ Come in where—They can’t see us!” She pulled me into the cold and dark parlor and thrust me into a corner of the slippery sofa. She herself leaned for- ward from the chair opposite. There was just light enough for me to see tho desperate purpose animating the mea- gre shadow. I lied to you!” Slie wrung her hands until I winced. “I lied to you because I was ashamed! And I will be scourged with nis wrath—if there’s anything left for Him to do!” The sterile despair that is tho dregs of the bitter draught of Puritanism was in her face. T tried to pull her hands apart. “Don’t feel this way,” T said, in distress. “You had a perfect right to keep anything that pains you to tell from a stranger like me. I’m sorry I spoke. I have been impertinent—intruding.” She disregarded mo entirely. “ I lied to you,” she repeated. “ Wait—I’ll tell you.” “ Don’t say anything unless it will do you good to talk. I’m afraid Fve been wrong—” “No, I guess it’s meant I should tell you—you’re right—I’vo got to talk to some one. If I don’t—! Pve gone around nil locked up. lying to myself and every one else since—It happened. I hate every one—and I don’t believe I used to. T think it over and over. Why should—They look at me that way? You will—when you know.” “ Oh no, no! How could any one pos- sibly feel anything but—liking? See how kind you were to me—how sweet! I was tired and faint, and you took me in and made me welcome at your table, a stranger—” “ That’s just it.” she whispered, hoarse- ly. “ You could come bccause you didn’t —know. But perhaps I don’t look at things right—I can’t. It has hurt me so here!” She struck her narrow chest so cruelly that I wondered she did not cry out with the pain. I tried to keep her hands in mine. She let them stay a minute. “ For a little while,” site moved her hands restlessly, “it seemed as it used to do when I could give things and not feel that—They were looking at me— wondering. You see, you didn’t think you had to pay me for the milk! I had to—right or no right. And then the tea was a present to me years ago, and the berries I’d picked. There was only the sugar and the cream—but you didn’t take that—and the cookies—” I was trying to follow her and try- ing, so hard, to understand. She must have seen— “ Just let me tell you in my own way,” she said, with some calmness. “ Perhaps I can make you understand. I was the kind of a girl that had to earn my own money as soon’s I had finished my school- ing, even though my father was a sea- captain that owned his ship and had money in the bank. Most of the girls around here are like that—or used to be. I don’t know much about them—now. And it never comes amiss to have a little more coming into a house—or even to just have the expense of board and keep taken out. Why, T wouldn't even let them give me my setting-out, but earned enough to furnish my house myself, linen and everything. This pa’lor set I bought with my school money two years before we were ninrried. And that china dog— I mind now what a good time Bert and I had the day I bought that! There was a fair over to Rockport. And he did tease me so about getting even the orna- ments for my mantel-shelf!” Her tone was merely reminiscent. There were no tears in her eyes, although, foolishly enough, there were in mine. “ So Bert and I were real forehanded. Drawn by J. A. Willuims • I HAVEN'T BUT ONE FEELING IN ME IT'S—SHAME I"  TIIE WOMAN WIIO WAS ASHAMED. 631 and paid off tlie mortgage on this house and had money in the bank. The day little Bert was born, Bert put twenty-five dollars in the bank to begin saving for him to go to college. The baby was never real strong—I guess I didn’t rest enough before he came—I never could do much resting. And, of course, we wanted our boy to have it easier than we had had it. Then Bert was sick and tlie savings were used up.- And then Bert died and I had to put a mortgage on the house again. Then I knew little Bert wa'n't just right; and then he died—just as I told you. “ But I got along all right until last winter, when the rlieumatiz went to my hands. Even then I had everything I wanted—I was never one to spend much for foodstuffs, anyway. But—one day— Amanda Adams—I used to go to school with her—and she and I always used to run each other to stay at the top, and I ’most always won—came in to visit. I was just a mite tired and had lain down on my bed. But she said—I—was— hungry!” She could go no further. T wouldn’t, of course, look at her. But I felt that, even in the darkness, her face was darkly flushed. “ It wa’n’t so at all. But Amanda al- ways was one to pry. And. of course, it made her feel good to pretend she thought so—when I had always beaten her before —and Bert had used to go with her once —before we sung together in the choir and he began to keep comp’ny with me. She brought something in—her bread is always sour, too—and made me eat when T hadn’t any appetite at all. Then she went and spread it everywhere. And they called a meeting of the selec’men. And they voted to take up the mortgage on my house. There never was a poorhonse here. That was true I told you. But if there had been one, I suppose—They’d have sent me there!” For the first time she faltered—and I could do nothing but take the poor clutching hands and hold them softly. At last she went on—her voice gathering in tragic intensity with her story: “ They portioned me out. I can see the words of the letter they wrote; they dance before my eyes sometimes as if they were written in running fire: ‘The community will assume responsibility for your support.’ And they had written down what each one would do—how Mis’ Adams would send me something of every baking, and Cap’n Beasley give me wood and send his boys to pile it up, and Mrs. Sawyer send me in all the milk I need, and Ed Wells down at the store let me get sugar and calico and shoes without paying for them, and Deacon Williams paint my house and fix up my walk. And Doctor Ford—he used to want to keep comp’ny with me before Bert did—he would furnish * medical attendance.’ But ”—she raised her head proudly—“ if T do have to eat, I don’t have to get sick —or let any one know of it if I do. So T don’t ever have a call to go to him to ask—charity!”' “But surely,” I said, gently, “they are kind.” She turned on me in fury. “ So’d I be kind if it was for me to give instead of being give to! I used to do a sight of sitting up with the sick—before— now I won’t stir to go in one of their houses—nor They wouldn’t want me to. ‘Kind’!” She choked for a minute be- fore she could find words. “ They’re pry- ing and spying every day to see what I’m doing and what I have. They feel as if they owned me. Do you suppose I buy a calieo-dress pattern at the store that every woman hero ain’t looking at it and wondering if I couldn’t have made out with one yard less? Tliey ask to look at my account at the store—I don’t need to see them to know they do it. And Ed Wells lets them—I know he does—ami shakes his head at his own ' kindness * in letting me have white sugar as well as brown! They come nnd look at my wood-pile when they think I’m asleep! Many a night I’ve waked up at two o’clock in the morning and heard noises and known, just as well as if I’d got up and looked out of the window, that it was—Them. It makes them all feel rich to think they’ve ‘contributed to my sup- port ’! C'ap'n Beasley ain’t painted his own house for fifteen years—but he conies nnd gives mine a coat of paint this spring, when it looked five times as well as his— and such colors, too! And Mis’ Adams forgets she has to get up at four in the morning to wash for the summer people when she sends me over a batch of bread. I’m better than bank stock or pnid doc- tors bills to them nil! They look at me 63 -2 HARPER'S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. and feel rich when they know there is one person in the world they’re giving charity to. I’m their luxury! And then I’m expected to how down to Amanda Adams and Cap'll Beasley and thank them for being ‘ kind ’ to me now I'm on the town. Yes. that’s it. That’s where I lied to you. I'm on the town!” —her voice failed her. But her gray lips worked. And something in me rose to feel, at that moment, not grief, but exultation for the tempest of righteous pride that tore her. Still, it seemed to me tliat the room rang with my baffled silence. “ Are you sure that this is as you say? Isn’t it really a gentle kindness that has moved them to do this for you ? Don’t you think they are trying to do what they can in the way they think will bo easiest for you ?” Her lips quivered and she passed her hands uncertainly over her face. “ I— don’t know—maybe it ain’t so—but that’s the way it seems to me—most times. But somehow it ain’t right for me—living so: queer things come into my mind, being alone so much, with every one I cared for once gone—that is, I know I must have cared for them once—but it seems a long time since—there hasn’t been any- thing but—This. I try sometimes to think different—but somehow I can’t think anything else. I guess it’s dif- ferent from most anything else—to be— on the town. There ain’t any other trouble you can’t share with other people. I remember when my husband died—I must have felt awful bad—for Amanda Adams just came and stayed with me for weeks and took care of me like a baby. And I let her. And when she left we kissed each other and cried. But—This eats every other feeling out and makes you hate everybody. And there’s noth- ing, either, you can look forward to— for it’s the one thing people never forget. It’s worse than stealing or killing people, I guess—for at least there’s always some one who believes that you haven’t really done anything wrong—your mother or your child perhaps. But every one knows —This. There’s no way of getting over it except by dying. And that seems to take an awful long time. I had feelings once—I remember them. But since It happened—I haven’t had but one feeling in ine. And it’s tlie mother of every wicked and low thought in the whole world. It’s—Shame!” She stood, blazing wrath, a small slight figure, stooped and knotted. But the fire that filled her invested her with the power of one of the ancient Hebrew prophets when he stood, he alone, a frail bulwark against a rising tide. One moment I halted, searching for the word. At the end of that moment the whole figure lessened, sank into im- potence. I tried to grasp her—she eluded my touch—she was crouching back in the shadow, seeking to blot herself against the wall. She spoke once: “ When you go, pretend you're picking flowers—lots of the summer people do that. Don’t tell—Them you were here—to eat.” I tried to answer. But she was looking at me sullenly out of eyes of mean sus- picion. Alas and alas! The moment had passed. Tn the instant of doing the only sendee I could perform for her I had lost the power to help. I had become one of Them. I knew. As I went down the dazzlingly white walk of clam-shells the little gray figure crept away from the door to watch me l>ehind the shutters. I felt her there. At the rose hedge I paused, marvelling at the green-massed, rose-flecked beauty, with the vital blue of speeding waves l>e- neatli it, and the innocent blue of the sky overhead. As I picked the wild roses I	wondered at the joyousness with which, the Earth Mother sent them forth, un- mindful that her other children were starving at her failing breast. And the full summer chorus of small chirping voices swelled out jubilantly, sustaining the deep organ tones of the telegraph wires as they chanted the exultant tri- umph of tho growing world. WIIAT did you mean,” we asked of our July familiar, “by saying, the other month, when you were talking of the pair whom you saw walking hand in hand in the Park, that the girl’s brother was not a Bos- tonian. if the girl was?” “ Ah, that was very curious, wasn’t it?” our friend returned. “It was ap- parently a contradiction in terms; but it was really only a paradox.” “ Would a paradox he so verv much bettor?” “ I’m not saying it would be. I’m stating a fact, not arguing a point. What I wish to convey by the fact is that the male Bostonian seems to want the witchery often so immanent in the female. lie is very well; he has done most of the right, and high, and clear thinking which has got the country for- ward. He has always been unscrupulous- ly brave, with often a tender conscience against fighting; and he is apt to bo patrician, if not aristocratic, while all his convictions are for democracy. He is not winning; bis cold, snubbing man- ner fails to make you instantly at homo with him, or even to desire his further acquaintance; if you wish to know more of him, it is at the distance which he seems, instinctively, to have put between you. In other words, and fewer of them, he wants charm.” “Well?” “ Well, and this young fellow, this putative brother of that most charming half of the unmistakable pair of lovers, did have charm.” “ Oh. now we see.” Our friend did not amplify on the point. lie accepted our acquiescence without comment. “ He was so intel- ligible, his position was so clear, that I gavo him rather more of my heart than 1	gave the lovers. In fact, why aren’t the immediate witnesses of any love- affair, the next of kin to it. actually more interesting than the lovers them- selves? The lover* themselves are the mere exponents of an iustinct. Apart from it and from each other, they may have every claim upon your respect, ad- miration, and affection, but together they do not move either in you, and they do not need cither; they have got as much from each other as their lives can hold." “Oh. come!” we revolted. “This won’t do. You have said this girl was charming, that she was Bostonian, and you have made out tlint her lover was, either as a practically romantic South- erner or an idealistic Westerner, capable equally of great success, and entirely worthy of her. You pretend to have been enamoured of their amour, impas- sioned of their passion, in such meas- ure. that it was an intolerable hurt to you when they dropped each other's hands, indignantly resentful of your stare, and passed separately out of your sight and knowledge.” “ Yes, all that is true. But I have since realized that I could not have bomo their rapture a moment longer. At the same time I could have dwelt forever, with hungry pity, in an endless famine of sympathy, upon that lwred brother’s countenance, liis weary brow, bared with its beads of perspiration to the after- noon air, his tired eyes, spent with the tense avoidance of the mawkish spectacle in his reluctant, yet conscien- tious charge. He was such a good broth- er. so magnanimous, so superlatively patient! Since T told you about him. I	have been imagining such heart- breaking martvry of him. in what detail you never can know! I don’t believe the brothers of girls in love have ever lieen truly appreciated in life or in lit- erature. The passive part assigned to them is supposed so easy, so simple! But is their part necessarily passive? If objectively passive, isn’t it often subjectively active? Suppose the brother and sister arc good comrades, as they frequently are, and they have comc to HARPER'S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. know each other's characters as lovers never can. He has learned to know in her the noble qualities which many women so successfully conceal throughout married life: her beautiful unselfishness, her wise prudence, her exquisite judgment, her knowledge of people, her studied behavior, her inspired discretion, her flashing wit, her saving humor; and suddenly he sees such a sister as this gone silly, silly about a man, and silly about a man who con never be known to her as he is known to her brother! Do you call that a simple part, a part easy to play in the tremen- dous drama suddenly staged in his life?” “No, it isu’t simple, it isn’t easy; it has its difficulties. Go on. But don’t exaggerate its difficulties,” we said, catching our breath in unexpected in- terest. “ What good would it do to go 011 in a world so besotted that it * loves a lover,’ as it loves children, geuerically, in the lump?” our friend returned. “What I want is a novel, a truthful, righteous epic, which shall take the fact that there is a love-affair, and leave it centrical and motionless,‘while all the family motives wheel round it like planets in an orrery. Father, mother, sisters, brothers, grand- fathers and grandmothers (if surviving), auuts, uncles, and cousins, these are the people sensibly affected, these are the prime parties in interest; and yet how our purblind fiction blinks them, glances at them casually over its shoulder, as it were, while it follows the fortunes of the infatuate pair who have no sense of things beyond themselves. Is love so im- portant that it must be treated to the exclusion, or the subordination, of all the other affections: parental anxiety, sisterly interest, brotherly companion- ship, cousinly criticism? The family, the family is the supreme expression of humanity. The Latin civilizations em- body that notion. In them the youthful pair are strictly secondary, wholly a minor consideration.” “And yet,” we thoughtfully suggested, “ without the youthful pair there could be no family. The Greeks had the in- stinct of this; their very language em- bodied it in that dual number interposed in its accidence between the singular and plural.” “ You are wandering, not to say maundering. The Greeks are too far off to be taken into account. The family, as we have had it, began with the Romans, and the family as we are getting to have it, ended with them. Monogamy flow- ered with them, and it faded in facile divorce, just as it is practically doing with us. But, as we have agreed, the pair I saw holding hands were not di- vorced people; they were, to be sure, rather mature young persons bringing to their second or third love the ripened, but not over-ripened, experience of their first; or—such things may happen at their age—they were really in their first love. How would you like the brother and sister to have come by the midnight train in the kind fiction that she wished to do some of that spring shopping in New York which I’ve heard some Bos- ton women do not find their city quite equal to?” “ We see no objection to that,” we replied, “ unless the fact is going to take you too far afield, and tempt you to spend your fancy on the girl’s be- wilderment among the flowers of our spring openings.” “ Tliere is no danger of that,” our friend explained, “if the fact is not a fact, but a fiction accepted by both the brother and the sister, and duly authorized by the father and mother, who are so well affected toward tlie young man that they see no harm in her com- ing for a few days to the city where be has suggested that he will be at complete leisure for as much of the May-time as she likes. The May-time in New York, you know, is something very different from the May-time in Boston; tho east wind, which is a blessing here, is a bane there. The family consider her perfectly ehaperoned; and neither she nor her brotlier objects to adding a few galleries and theatres to the shops. The Boston galleries and theatres are not so satisfy- ing. or not so permanently satisfying—’ “ You needn’t go into the reasons for a merely supposed case like that,” we put in. “ Ah,” our friend sighed, “ I was be- ginning to believe in it. But if, as you say, it is only a supposed case, what is the matter with having the young man come in gayly, and with the air of being altogether unexpected by the brother and EDITOR’S EASY CHAIR. 635 sister, at the breakfast which they are having a little late after repairing the ravages of a night on the sleeping-car in a toilette involuntarily elaborated to the imagined metropolitan standard. Their own standard is very good, from their English experience and authority, but New York—something in the air— tempts a blossom here and there in places where life would not flower in the Boston May. Her costume lias ad- vanced the season by slight touches, im- perceptible to the young man’s senses but not his soul, a fortnight, and an inner sunshine bursts out of him and irradiates him from head to foot.” “ If you go on at that rate you will never reach the climax, and when you do, it will be through the consciousness of the lovers and not of the brother.” So we declared, and our friend assented. “You’re right. We will drop them from this point; spoiled children of fic- tion as they arc, they shall not be flat- tered in this study of the affair. We will leave them at the table, and go out with the brother for a paper, which implies a cigar. When the cigar has been smoked, we go back with him, and find the young people still at the breakfast table, and we learn that it has been ar- ranged that they shall all go for the morning to tho Metropolitan Museum. The girl asks what time it is. and it seems that brother’s watch can l>cst re- ply; then everybody but he is surprised to find how late it is. The girl goes up to her room to add some further petals to her efflorescence—a strictly tempered, Bostonian efflorescence—and the young man and the brother find themselves wonderfully short of conversation in her absence. They like each other well enough, but neither has any use for the other. When the girl comes down, the young‘man eagerly possesses himself of her umbrella, her purse, her catalogue— which a friend has lent her and she lias brought on from Boston with her. He wishes to take her gloves, but she is put- ting them on—” “ Stop, stop!” we cried, indignantly. “ There you go again, devoting yourself in spite of all your own theories and principles to the lovers, and leaving the brother out altogether. Really, really!” “ But it’s tho last touch I’m putting on them, don't you see? It completes the brother’s elimination, and now we follow him gladly into his exile. It’s no longer a party of three, but one party of two, and another party of one. From this on our business is with the party of one. We make him our battle-ground, where the emotions are fought out, our theatre where the drama is played.” Our friend paused, and then he resumed with a dreamy air: “It is very curious about brothers. Take one of them, take the most liberal-minded of them, the wisest, and be cannot put himself in his sister’s place when she is in love. It is entirely conceivable, and it is beautifully right and fit that some other brother’s sister should be in love with him. He finds in her tender affinitions toward him, whether obviously combated, or openly but un- consciously indulged, a charm which is altogether wanting in his own sister’s attitude; he feels in that a foible, a want of dignity, a derogation of char- acter. a disappointment of the ideal, which all ends in making him sick. As tlie day wore on, say. in this instance, the brother became worse and worse. At the Museum his experience was very re- laxing. He went about with the lovers through the wonderful collections—for they are wonderful: pictorial, sculptural, architectural, numismatic, arehteologieal —and if you haven’t been there lately—” “ We go there constantly,” we replied, with perhaps more enthusiasm than veracity, “ and only yesterday we went to see the Whistlers. Before we got to them, we stopped to look at so many tliings that we felt the old familiar back- ache and neckache of European galleries, and perceived that here in powerful con- centration. though perhaps in tabloid form, we had the effect of the National Oallery, tho Louvre, the Pitti, and tho Vatican. And the Whistlers, when we came to them, how they took the marrow out of our spine, as if they had been so many Tiepolos, Velasquezes, Van Dykes, Reynoldses! Yes, it is a marvellous place; but we are not getting 011! Where is that brother, that man and brother, you put yourself in charge of?” “ Abandoned on any chair or bench that ho could find. From time to time ho followed hard upon the lovers’ steps, and then again he lost them, and when be HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. hunted them up he found them rapt before some miracle of art, but really looking at each other and held in breath- less wonder at such reciprocal miracles of nature. The brother hardly knew liis sister in these transports—the keen- witted. humorous, satirical girl, the stu- dent of human nature, the observer of character, the somewhat haughty specta- tor of life, lapsed to the level of a debutante, and wreaking her delight like a village person flirting at a church fair, or a summer silly at a picnic or in a moonlight shadow on the veranda of a seaside hotel. He was not only sick, he was ashamed; he wanted to go away and leave them to their fate; but that would not do; and the forenoon dragged along with him through sloughs of ex- haustion in which the pair seemed mo- mently to renew their strength and youth. They talked gayly and incessantly; they whispered, they cried out, they laughed. To the brother it was simply loathsome, and he could scarcely keep his patience when, at the end of the long morning hours, he came up with them after a vain search and she suddenly asked what time was it, and being told it was one o’clock, declared she was hungry as a bear; and the young man, fixing her with a look of adoration, as if she had declared a supernal merit, said they would go to the Casino for lunch.” “ Look out, now,” we warned the nar- rator, “you’re getting back to forbidden ground. The lovers, you know, have nothing to do with your story.” “ Don’t be afraid; my story has noth- ing to do with them, except pivotally. The brother is always the hero of my tale. He noted that though as hungry as a bear she ate no more than a bird, but chattered throughout the long lunch like an anthropoidal ancestress. But he himself ate for the pair, and he was pi ad the young man had ordered the lunch so ridiculously long and large. lie en- joyed eating in the open as they were doing on that pleasant northward ter- race, and he didn’t mind the company being rather common, and tacitly dubious in some groups or couples; it was often so in Paris; and it was not lurid, as he knew it was apt to be in that place at din- ner; it was saved to his respect by the harmless parental presences, with children rejoicing in a holiday, and going and coming with their mothers’ leaves. The conversation of the lovers did not embrace him. except by compulsory fits and starts, and after catching himself in a doze, he said, if they did not mind, he would go off for a stroll in the Mall. If they minded, they did not say so; they did not say anything; and he went off to the Mall, where he found a shady seat, and watched the children roller-skating, and shouting and shrieking up and down the stretch of asphalt; and the nurses with their go-carts pushing their babies back and forth from the benches, and the goat- carriages making tours of the Mall with proud little boys and girls bound to the seats. It was not quiet, but it was peace- ful, and the brother slumbered again. When he woke, he walked back to the terrace, but the pair looked as if they had not moved, and he instructively felt that he had not been missed. He went for a stroll in the Ramble, and found the warm day friendlier to sitting than walk- ing. He wished he had a newspaper, or even a book, but he managed to drowse again without one. He did not think he was very well used; but on the whole he decided not to go back at once. When he woke from one of these generous oblivions, he found it was four o’clock, and he hurried back to the Casino, for now surely they must have talked out and become aware that they had been talking solely to each other. When lie saw them last, they were talking very seriously; he seemed to be laying down the law, and she taking it for gospel. Her brother disliked the bird-like gaping of her attentive mouth; but now he saw them very gay. They had long ago had demi-tasses, and apparently had lingered over them till it was time for afternoon tea. They had ordered tea, and they hailed him hilariously and said he was wonderfully opportune. But as they had to make the waiter bring another cup. they were apparently not expecting him. and he unmolestedly figured up the tip that the young man would have to give that waiter. ALMOST we might say that the LA writing of fiction is properly a *	feminine rather than a masculine accomplishment. The great story-tellers in prose and verse, where invention and a broad range of the constructive faculty are necessary to the entertainment, have always been men. But fiction, as we mod- ems understand it, is a more delicate and intimate portraiture of real life, quite alien to the story-telling art, and more native to women; it began in the kind of letters women wrote, naturally, pic- turingly, no stray thought interfering with direct embodiment. In the play the story is removed by the dramatic art from the plane of ordinary life, and by the distinctive requirements of that art—elaboration of plan, concen- tration of action, and variety and detail. of characterization—from the straight- forward method of the story-teller. An illusion is to be created and maintained, involving the acceptance of the play- wright’s premises by the audience. Near- ly all of the successful plays have been written by men. The earliest fiction—all before the middle of the eighteenth century—was written by men, but it was not fiction in the modern sense; it did not attempt real social or individual portraiture. No woman would ever have been tempted to undertake what was so magnificently done by Apuleius, or Rabelais, or Cer- vantes, or Lesage, or by John Lyly and Robert Greene in the Elizabethan era, or by Defoe and Swift in the early eight- eenth century. Even Steele’s and Ad- dison’s character-sketches were as much beyond her natural inclination as all their essays were. Tlieir essays were social, as distinguished from those of a more speculative order in the preceding century—such as Cowley’s, Bacon’s, and Sir Thomas Browne’s—they dealt with Ulanners and so inclined to the concrete presentment of types of human character, preparing the way for the social novel. Isaac Bickerstaffe ” is even concerned with affecting domestic scenes, feelingly portrayed, but always with the distinctly masculine detachment, which is still more evident in the portraits of Sir Roger de Coverley and Will Honeycomb. The humorous whimsicalities so characteristic of Addison in sketches of this sort, and perpetuated later, with variations due to individual temperament, by Fielding, Sterne, Lamb, and Thackeray, have never been adopted by women in essay or fic- tion. The few women who wrote essays in the eighteenth century, even after the essay had become more picturesque and concrete, were more formal and didactic and far less entertaining than men. In our own day Vernon Lee—not to mention other women who have won distinction in this field—has written essays which in matter and manner have not been sur- passed by her masculine contemporaries. It must be conceded that, as a rule, women, since their advent into literature, have shown an aversion to essay-writing— at least to that kind which gains a per- manent place in literature. It is a fact significant of disinclination rather than of disability. Women have chosen to leap directly from letter-writing to fiction, finding no compelling allurement in the intermediate field of the essay. Fiction, as we of to-day understand it, is an entirely new art of expression, meeting a new need; and what is new in it has been creatively developed chiefly by women. We do not mean that they initiated this new art, or each new note marking the points of departure from an cider style of fiction; on the contrary, we think that such initiative must be conceded to men. In the generic sense men are more original than women, even determining feminine fashions. It is the originality of the master, and in the arts men have been the masters—in this new art of fiction as in all others. In the representative arts, including the drama, this mastery was essential to the supreme HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. effect. It was equally effective in story- telling for the simple purpose of enter- tainment. But in tlie representation of life by creative embodiment of its reality —by creative realism, for it comes to just that—this mastery was in the way; not because of it, but in spite of it, have men been creative realists in fietion. When women began to write fiction they portrayed life as they saw it and felt it. They were quickly and keenly ob- servant and had deep sensibility. They cherished intimacies with living things— brooding intimacies—and were naively creative of situation and character. They were not so much inclined as their brotlier novelists to freedom of adventure, to loose invention of incident, to elabora- tion of plot, or to the masterful exploita- tion of human passions. They were womanly, but they were eighteenth- century womanly, and we cannot say that they initiated or illustrated creative realism, or, indeed, that their work fur- nished convincing proof that fiction was distinctively a feminine accomplishment, though it strongly suggested woman’s peculiar fitness for the deft, vivid, and truthful portrayal of social life. Men had undertaken the novel of so- ciety and were followed by women who. in so far as they had any conscious aim. meant to follow in the path of Richard- son. They were as much under the in- tellectual influences of their time as the men were, quite as sophisticated, within their range of thought, and not less the victims of the tyranny of abstractions. They were more formal moralists, and thus excluded from their fietion a wide range of vital human experience. They easily assumed the masculine detachment from the material they wrought with— though it was something less remote than the masculine—because the entanglements and involvements they bound and loosed were superficial, pertaining to social types in a rigidly classified order, and only lightly touching any adventure of the individual soul. Woman had never got so far away from primitive naturalism as in that eighteenth century. Step by step she had been wrenched nway from it by man’s pro- gressive civilization, until now she was stranded in the dry air of a Common Sense world which had accepted Pope as the greatest of poets and was now yielding to the literary dictatorship of Doctor Johnson. In such an atmosphere her fiction gave 110 clear prophetic intimation of a new naturalism to come. But even out of this dry ground the fruit of woman's imagination yielded native flavors. Woman in any age, if she creates at all, must confess to her peculiar natural bond, whatever may be her conscious aim or her environment, including the stimulus of masculine fel- lowship and inspiration. She has, as we have said, a brooding intimacy with liv- ing things; she has always had it, else there would never have l>eeu possible the domestication of animals. It may be that, in the mysterious course of heredity, only a small proportion of women have it, growing perhaps less with every gen- eration, but at least those women who create, in life or literature, must have it and, with it, the sense begotten of it which invests the commonest thing that life has dwelt in, or has touched, with the sacredness of an ancient familiarity. In woman this heritage is one of feel- ing and, in her creative work, is shown in close and .natural intimacies, vivid description and portraiture of what is nearly seen and felt, fancies bred in the heart, and an almost physiological archi- tectonic. Her lightest gossip is born of vital sympathy. All this, along with animatel.v natural graces and humors, i* apparent in her eighteenth-century fic- tion, mingled with an intolerable deni of sophistry, for which she was not ac- countable. She dealt with life directly, though externally and in typical repre- sentation, and we have, therefore, a feel- ing of reality in the portraiture, with no dramatic exaggeration, 110 caricature or distortion or grotesque whimsicality of any sort. If she did not disclose a new- art of fiction slie made it seem new by bringing to it fresh resources from her own nature, and through the development of these resources she made a distinct departure from the methods employed by her masculine contemporaries in the de- piction of social life. She did not revolt against the old devices and, herself abounding in artifices, she consciously reinforced rather than resisted the arti- ficial in literature, so that her every departure from it was inevitable rather EDITOR'S STUDY. than contemplated—a fresh path that sho must take because she could take no other. This necessity proved to be a blessed limitation, a diviue opportunity, the condition of a peculiar and sur- passing excellence. It might reasonably have been expected that the protest against the formal civilization of the eighteenth century would have come from woman; but it was Rousseau who sounded the note of revolt; and the new Romanticism was initiated and developed by men and readied its high tide in the first quarter of the nineteenth century with but a slight and passive response from women, except as its mystical side appealed to a few of them, notably to Mrs. RadclitTe. It was just this side of the movement— its reversion to medievalism—which re- pelled Jane Austen, the finest and sanest artist in pre-Waverley fiction, who gave the old type of social portraiture its ut- most naturalness and charm. Romanticism helped to give fiction its modern subjectiveness. It laid stress upon individualism, and it developed, in philosophy, poetry, and criticism, sur- prising variations of individual genius, contrasting with the manifest uni- formities of eighteenth-century literature in these fields. Conventions were relaxed. Religious and political movements among the people showed new impulses at work, subversive of long - established forms. Poetry and philosophy were transformed. But fiction, as a portraiture of contem- I>orary social life, was violently arrested. The story-teller reasserted his claim. He does so in every age; but here the story- teller was Sir Walter Scott, a master- magician for entertainment who for many years had the monopoly of this ancient art. Generous as Scott was in the con- fession of his limitations as compared with Jane Austen; modestly as he pro- fessed to follow Miss Edgeworth in an attempt to do for Scotland what she had done for Ireland; gladly as lie hailed Miss Ferrier as a sister artist in the Scottish field—yet he drove every woman novelist to cover, until tlie gentle emer- gence of Miss Mitford with Our Village in 1824, and, after that, there was no woman of distinction in English fiction before the middle of the century. Scott, by virtue of his genius, deserved to hold tlie field which be so splendidly enriched and glorified. For the moment he. paralyzed novel-writing of tho Field- ing and even of the Jane Austen sort— the sort which concerns itself with con- temporary manners, with the comedy sense of life—he turned to the past and told stories; and there had been no such masterly creation, not only of a story but of the living men and women enact- ing it, between his historical romances ami Shakespeare’s historical plays. He was followed, not by women, but by men who also were story-tellers rather than novelists, in our modern sense of the novel—men like Ainsworth and Lever, G. P. R. James and Marryat. The novel proper was continued by Bulwer, Dick- ens, and Thackeray, all of whom entered the field at tho beginning of the Vic- torian era—none of them prophetic of the creative realism of the next genera- tion, though widely differing from the eighteenth-eentury society novelists to whom they were the legitimate suc- cessors. They met the needs, emotional and intellectual, of a vastly more re- lined society, profoundly changed by the ferment of revived romanticism; but, while they were less superficial than Fielding and Smollett, they indulged in no subtle analysis of character and aimed at no intimate psychical disclosures. The fact that the dramatic and melodramatic Dickens was tlie dominant personality in the world of fiction, as Scott bad been before him, shows how nearly allied the novel, as written by men, was to tlie older forms of masterly entertainment. So, too, when we advance another step, to a wholly new order of creative work iu George Meredith’s fiction, while we feel ourselves lifted into a psychical world, where the comedy of life is heightened by poetry and illuminated by philosophy, and tlie whole entertainment is trans- formed, still under these so novel con- ditions we note not merely the old mas- tery which counted for greatness iu masculine achievement since art was born, but the consciously brilliant trick of it. He penetrated to tlie minds of his men aud women as no other novelist be- fore him had, bnt often his philosophy obscured rather than illuminated, proving a will-o’-the wisp to his own imagination and to bis reader’s. Thomas Hardy, in HARPER'S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. liis more gigantic and naturalistic dra- matic mastery, was, if more modest, quite as wilful. Wo ask ourselves, then, if there can be a new art of fiction quite free from the devices which men have used with more or less of magic since they liegan to give creative imagination embodiment in the set forms of human speech and for the purposes of human entertainment. Is creative realism, pure and simple, pos- sible? Can there be a representation of life which does not lift it, by dramatic or poetic tension or picturesque enhance- ment, out of what we deprecat ingly call its commonness—a representation of life creatively embodying its inherent charm, its native beauty, humor, bounty, and pathos, in all its commonness, ami need- ing no didactic purpose, no speculative in- tention, for its justification? That would indeed be creative realism, but so remote from all which we have been accustomed to call art that we must refer it to the esthetic of a new naturalism. Every step in the advance of fiction since tho middle of the nineteenth cen- tury has been toward this new natural- ism—toward the representation of life in the light of its native unfolding, just as during the same period every advance in science has been toward the disclosure, not of wonders attributable to Nature, but of those which natively belong to her and which she herself reveals to man’s waiting vision. Meredith and Hardy were, in different ways, the prophets of this ultra-modem fiction, and tho dis- ciples of Meredith, or at least his natural successors in the lines of his prophecy— such men as Conrad and Hewlett and Henry James—have been masterly crea- tors and interpreters; but the real de- velopment in this new field has been due mainly to women, because of their more intimate sense of life iu its near and common aspects and in its natural be- comings, and because that kind of mas- tery which made the old art did not come in the way of their progress toward the new naturalism. They have given us, therefore, more examples of unadulterated realism since their fresh advent into fiction—after a considerable interval— at about the same time that Meredith appeared with his whimsical bravura. The Shaving of Shagpat. We need not point to tho work done by Mrs. Gaskell, George Eliot, and Mrs. Oliphant, dealing directly with con- temporary common life within closely parochial limits, or show how natively real it was as compared with the ex- amples furnished by Anthony Trollope and other men portraying life within such limitations. George Eliot’s fiction, so far as realism is concerned, went to pieces when she wrote /lomola, following the masculine fashion of art. The majority of women novelists since her time have attempted the same fashion with less admirable results, having little perception of what is distinctively the office of mod- em fiction—the disclosure of life as it is in its own natural procedure and not as wo would sentimentally or with specula- tive ingenuity refashion it. Perhaps a true knowledge of heredity would show that most women are not born distinctive- ly women—that is, as having the intimate sense of things in a creative way—and are to be regarded as a social class rather than as a sex, it being indifferent what place they take either in literature or in tlie world’s business. It seems almost paradoxical that in our own generation, when there seems to be an increasing number of women belonging to this indifferent class, there are more genuine examples of creative realism in women’s fiction than ever be- fore. This realism, in its simplest terms, has been exemplified chiefly in short stories, because tlie elaboration of the novel usually leads to the adoption of the old contrivances necessary to a “ plot."’ These stories have shown what a range of variations is possible in the reaction of the creative imagination upon tho common material of every-day life. Tho creations of Miss Wilkins, Miss Jewett, Mrs. Deland, Edith Wharton, Mary Austin, and Georg Sebock stand out vividly in the American field; there aw fewer in the English, but the work of Mrs. Dudeney most instantly recurs to our mind. If in some of these women’* stories it is the native quality which im- presses us, we feel that is bom of life! and if in those of others it is a dramatic or poetic tension which heightens the charm for us, we feel that it is life’s o«® tension. We nro removed as far as pos- sible from the old story-teller's art. Beverly’s Benevolent Hairpin Reclamation Society BY THOMAS .4. JANVIER A LL that you have urged, Bishop, in /\ regard to infusing practicality into philanthropy,” said the Colonel, “ would have been listened to with a warm interest by my friend Mr. Beverly.” “ Unless Beverly ’d gone to sleep at the Bishop's • fourthly,' same as I did, put in the Doctor, stretching himself and yawning. “ Practicality,” continued the Colonel, ig- noring the Doctor's interpellation, “ was Mr. Beverly's dominant characteristic. Just as it was the essence of his many curious and useful mechanical inventions, so was it the essence of his many humane projects for the amelioration of the condition of his fellow men. His Benevolent Hairpin Recla- mation Society, for instance—” “ l’ardon me. my dear Col- onel.” interrupted the Bishop. “ Before we go farther I must beg that you will favor us with at least a partial expla- nation of the eccentric, I may even say the incongruous, name of Mr. Beverly's society. Frankly, I do not see how a hairpin can be benevolent. True.” continued the Bishop, musingly. “ we still find— lingering in obscure nooks and corners of the world—survivals of the medieval custom of en- dowing inanimate objects with vital characteristics. Equally, a like disposition is found everywhere among children. A child, for example, will as- sail with angry objurgation the knife with which it has cut its own fingers; precisely as though—” “ You needn't snip down that medieval survival to only children, Bish,” interposed the Doctor. “ I guess it's in the bed-rock of the race. You just ought to have heard me swear- ing away last night at a chair I banged into in the dark!” _ “ I am very well pleased, sir.” replied the Bishop, stiffly. “ that I was not in a position to overhear those regrettable Vol. CXXT—No Tit -80 lapses of speech on your part, which could not but have been most offensive to one of my cloth. I will admit, however, that your unhappy outburst of profanity, directed at an inanimate object, does illustrate the curious ethnological reversionary trait now under discussion.” " 1 beg your pardon, Bishop,” said the Colonel, coldly. “ I am under the impression that the matter now under discussion—at least, of elucidation—is the philanthropic project of my friend Mr. Beverly. I even venture to remind you that your request for an explanation of the name given by Mr. Useful Employment was provided for a neglected Class of In digests " 042 IIAKPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. Beverly to his society remains unanswered— awaiting the termination of your own and the Doctor's rambles in the mazes of your respective verbosities.” " My dear Colonel.” replied the Bishop, with ii genial courtesy, “ we offer you our sincere apologies. Tell us. 1 beg of you, about Mr. Beverly's benevolent hairpins, and why and how they were reclaimed.” “ Subject, of course", to further irrelevant interruptions,” said the Colonel, his tone still chilly. “1 shall endeavor to continue my little’ story. I must premise that in naming his society Mr. Beverly sought to exhibit its broad purpose in the fewest pos- sible words. The outcome was a slight sacrifice of clarity to brevity. He did not mean, of course, "that hairpins were benev- olent, but that through the ogency of a society organized on philanthropic lines their reclamation led directly to benevo- lent results. “ In effect, these results were dual: First, useful employment was provided for a neglected class of indigents. Second, from such employment a liberal fund was created by the indigents themselves for their own moral and material betterment. Mr. Bever- ly's plan, in brief, was that the hundreds of homeless little waifs unhappily existing in every great city should be drilled and organized, under the Society's officers, to rotluim—that is, to collect and to place in the Society's depositories, whence they would be withdrawn, refoundcd into merchantable pig-iron, nnd sold for the Society's benefit— the hairpins which are dropped in the streets of every great city and there go to waste. Obviously, this project—being, as were all of Mr. Beverly'b projects, strictly practical —gave assured promise of benevolent results which fully justified the Society's name.” “ About" how many waifs did Beverly mean to keep on one hairpin*’’ asked the Doctor. “I reckon three waifs, putting in all their time at it. might find as much as one hairpin a day.” “ Your trivial question, sir.” replied the Colonel. " would be passed unnoticed did it not indicate a lack of observation on your part that, living common to minds of the medium order, must be reckoned with in properly presenting Mr. Beverly's scheme. Few people will observe the general preva- lence of hairpins in the streets until they l>e- gin consciously to look for them: and even then no considerable numbers of hairpins will be noted until tin- eyes of tlie observer have been educated to the search. This secondary fact is in accordance with the law in optica that requires the eye to be taught, when search is made for small objects of an unusual sort, to convey notice of what it sees to the brain. Xot until the education of the eye has been perfected will physical sight aiid mental perception go hand in hand. To be quit© frank, I will admit that 1 myself did not perceive that the streets of New York literally are cluttered up with hairpins until, under my friend's guid- ance, I came to look for them with a trained eye. “ Believe me, Mr. Beverly’s Benevolent Hairpin Reclama- tion Society was not a chimer- ical project, sprung from fancies for which support had to be created by a quibbling array of perverted facts. On the contrary, it was the -an* outgrowth of substantial fact* acutely observed: and then— in the’ crucible of his extraor- dinary mind — resolved into fossibilities of benevolent usc- ii I ness. In other words, his carefully cultivated habit of minute observation having led him to note the hairpin- encumbered condition of the streets of this city, his nat- ural detestation of waste in- stantly prompted him to search for some practical plan by which so consider- able an annual loss of valu- able metal might bo ed. Then, in one of the Hashes of his inventive gciiiu1*- came the thought of setting the waifs—he was deeply teres ted in waifs—to reelaine ing the hairpins; and so **/ ”He counted all the Hairpins that he saw'* EDITORS DRAWER. 643 raising the funds necessary for the accomplishment of that benevolent purpose—to reclaiming themselves. “ Rashness, however, had no part in Mr. Beverly's composi- tion. His conservative and cautious nature ever withheld him from essaying any venture until lie Imd submitted its possibilities to the severest practical tests. While himself satisfied that his philo- economic hairpin-waif-redemp- tion project rested on a secure foundation, he recognized the necessity of obtaining irre- futable dnta which would en- able him to present it con- vincingly to minds of the aver- age mediocre order—and so to win for it a generous financial support. To this end—pain- fully, laboriously, through many successive weeks—he counted all the hairpins that he saw in the course of liis walks about the city; and, in keeping with his cautious habit, so arranged his walks as to time and locality and weather conditions—this last Wing a most important factor, because of the increased droppings of hairpins on windy days—as to make the details and the sum of his findings broadly exemplary. “ The data thus secured abundantly justified his intuitively per- ceived conclusion. Incidentally, it brought out a mass of curious and important facts, previously unknown to ethnological statis- ticians, in regard to the distribution of liair- S'in waste in New York. Fifth Avenue, he ound, yielded incomparably the richest harvest—so extraordinarily rich in the gusty neighborhood of the Flatiron Build- ing that Mr. Beverly decided to station a waif at that point permanently—but the hairpins observed on that 'fashionable thoroughfare, and throughout the fashion- able portions of the city generally, for the mu-t part were of a delicate thinness and small. On the East Side the findings, rela- tively. were few—|x>saibly due to the frugal Old World habit of picking up dropped hair- pins and using them over again—but the pins were of so massive a make, being adapted to the heavy hair of the foreign population there resident, that the scanty pickings to lie had in that region fully equalled in weight the numerically far larger pickings to l*e had in the more ele- gant portions of the town. The region be- low the City Hall, he found, practically was negligible. It yielded almost nothing— implying a business-like tenacity in hair- pin sticking on the part of ladv typists that Was in commendable contrast with the care- ts methods of their affluent sisters of the Ten Miuioss of Hairpins a Year" Avenue. One of Mr. Beverly's daily counts will exemplify this matter of distribution lucidly: Below the City Hall..... ............ 2 On the Bowery. Houston Street to Four- teenth Street....................... 4 On Broadway, Seventeenth Street to Twenty-third Street................. 12 On Fifth Avenue. Twenty-seventh Street to Forty-seventh Street.............. 45 Total ......................... 63 “ The total of (13 hairpins observed on this occasion must not Is- regarded as exemplary. It was much in excess of the eventually determined daily average. In- deed. in the beginning—interestingly illus- trating the law of psycho physics in regard to the untrained eye to which I have made reference—Mr. Beverly almost was led to abandon his admirable project because of the smallness of the returns. Xot until he had carried his daily countings through a lunar month—he adopted the lunar month as his statistical unit because of its ready divisibility into weeks—did he feel assured that the working basis of his scheme was sound. With his customary precise busi- ness methods, he tabulated his returns in such a way as to show the total findings 644 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. of each dnv. week, ami lunar month at a glance. The record for that first month, so gratifying to him in its reassuring re- sults*, stood: Days Sunday .. Monday. . Tuesday .. Wednesday Thursday . Friday ... Saturday . Totals .. 59 242 202 271 774 " As in the case of tlie single day's count. 03, that I have cited in illustration of the important matter of hairpin distribution, even the highest of the weekly totals here noted frequently was exceeded in the course of Mr. Beverly’s wearily continued months of exact enumeration. But—induced by his habitual conservatism to reduce his basic figures to the most cautious minimum—he accepted the result of his first four weeks as determinative: and thence drew the ultra-prudent conclusion, based on a simple arithmetical calculation (774-^28=27.64 X ), that each waif would find (for caution's sake he ignored the appreciable decimal) not less than 27 hairpins a day. “ As conservatively planned by Mr. Bever- ly. the Benevolent Hairpin Reclamation So- ciety would pive employment to not less than 1,000 waifs: whence it followed, as the result of a simple arithmetical calculation (27 X1.000 X 28=750.000), that the net lunar monthly total of hairpins reclaimed by waifs (again for caution's sake he ig- nored the now very considerably increased decimal) actually would exceed three- quarters of a million. Adverting from the lunar monthly to an annual reckoning (ad- mitting the previously ignored decimal, now so greatly augmented as no longer to be negligible; and allowing for the quadrennial increase, 27.040, incident to an extra day's collection) Mr. Beverly arrived, by a simple arithmetical calculation (27.04X1,000 X 365 +27,640=10,115,640), at the overwlielm- ly convincing result that the 1,000 waifs, on an average, would reclaim—for conversion into merchantable iron, to be sold and the proceeds benevolently applied to the amelio- ration of their unhappy condition—not less, in round numbers, than ten millions of hair- pins a year!” Pausing for a moment impressively, the Colonel added: “These amazing figures, gentlemen—easily verified by any observant person who will devote a few days to hair- pin counting—are a sufficient answer to the Doctor's characteristically coarse pleasantry as to one hairpin affording support for three waifs. I trust, indeed, before I go farther, that you, Doctor, will admit—and that you, Bishop, sympathetically will approve—and that you, Judge, from the standpoint of your exact legal training, will admire—the sane soundness, the severely uncompromis- ing practicality, of Mr. Beverly’s benevo- lent scheme?” But the Colonel did not go farther. Re- ceiving no response to his several appeals, he regarded bis companions attentively— and perceived that, collectively, they were sound asleep. This fact also explained why no irrelevant interruptions—to his anticipa- tion of which he had made caustic reference —had punctuated the latter portion of his discourse. First Second Third Fourth _ , . Week Week Week Week 1010,3 8  1  7   11 27 18 83 3!) 69 209 10 10 60  12 107 1  22 22  60 105 10 08   3  6 87 1  47 51  51 150 5  11 11  62 89 The First-Born In the eyes of the Parents	In the eyes of the \eighbors rs v-'-.J***' Clebk: '• Have a straw for your ice-cream noilat” CUSTOMER: “ //aren’t you any more big 01 ten like i/r. Elephant is usingt" The Old Marine BY BURGES JOHNSON *■	1 were once a marine,” said he, 1 “ An’ a most remarkable one. An’ you’ve little idee, from the looks of me. Of the bravery deeds I done. “ But I stirred up sort of a jealous rage In the buzzums of all the rest. Till I had ter resign fer the good of the line. As the admiral thought were best.” “ But it isn’t an admiral’s job.” said I, “To tell a marine to skid!” He started slightly and answered politely, “ This kind of an admiral did. " And you’ve no idee of the things.” he said, “ I seen in my long campaign. From Mindaneeo to Chiny and Kio And all through the swamps of Spain.” “ There ain’t anv swamps in Spain.” said I. He answered in tone serene. “ Hev I got ter explain there’s tnor’n one Spain, An’ there’s swamps in the one I mean? “ But speakin’ o’ swamps—in the Philippines The mud it eomes down in showers. And you’d certainly laugh ter see the giratTe 1 rode fer his wadin’ powers.” :’s bird, an’ the rest—my “Giraffes in the Philippines’” I cried— Perhaps I was too abrupt. For he sorrowfully sighed and at length re- plied, “ A gent doesn’t interrupt. “ But speakin’ of beasts—in the 'Strailian bush Is a thing called a Pattyplus; One-half of it’i word!— Looks terrible much like us. “ It can throw a stick called a rangaboom With secli a peeculiar swing That the thing it hits has curious fits And runs around in a ring. “ But speakin' of runnin’ around." said he, “ When you come to the isle of Guam, The women you meet ain’t got any feet, And yet they is brave an' calm. “ An’ my huz/.um bleeds fer their helpless state, Fer none of ’em ever begs. So I asks j'our aid fer a fund I’ve made Fer buyin’ ’em wooden legs.” “ But I am a native of Guam." I said. And he growled, as he shuflled by. “ I’ve wasted enough of expensive guff On such a cheap sort of a guy.” 640 HARPER’S MONTHLY MAGAZINE. Her Original Intention TIIK curlv-haired little sprite of the house caine running to her fnther in the study and, throwing her arms nbout his neck, whispered confidentially in his ear: “Oh, papa, it's raining!” Papa was writing on a subject that oc- cupied his mind to tho exclusion of mat- ters aside, so he said, rather sharply, “Well, let it rain.” “Yea, papa; I was going to,” was her quick response. Keeping It Quiet SMALL Caroline’s home was unfortunately located in a very gossipy neighborhood, and, being an observant child, she had drawn her own conclusions. After an un- usually naughty prank her mother sent her up-stairs to confess her sins in prayer. “ Did you tell God all about it?” she was asked on coming down again. Caroline shook her head decidedly. “’Deed I didn't!” she declared. “Why. it would have been all over heaven in no time!” Not by an Alien IT was a little Cleveland boy, American Ixirn, who rebelled fiercely when his Italian father whipped him for some misde- meanor. “ But, Tony, your father has a right to whip you when you are naughty.” said his teacher, in an effort to uphold parental authority. Tony’s big eyes Hashed. “ I'm a citizen of the’ I'nited States.” he declared. “ Do you think I'm going to let any foreigner lick me?” His Hobby A GENTLEMAN formerly attached to the American Embassy at London tells how an old country sexton in a certain Knglish town, in showing visitors round the church- yard, used to stop at one tombstone and say: " This ’ere is the tomb of 'Enry 'Ooper an’ ’is eleven wolves.” “ Eleven!” exclaimed a tourist, on one occasion. '' Dear me! That’s rather a lot, isn't it?” Whereupon the sexton, looking gravely at his questioner, replied: “ Well, inum, yer see, it war an 'obby of ’is’n.” His Epitaph TN Zanesville, Ohio, they tell of a young 1 widow who, in consulting a tombstone- maker with reference to a monument for the deceased, ended the discussion with: “ Now, Mr. Jones, all I want to say is, ‘ To My Husband ' in an appropriate place.” “ Very well, ma'am.” said the stone- cutter. When the tombstone was put up the widow discovered, to her amazement, that upon it were inscribed these words: TO MY HUSBAND. IN AN APPROPRIATE PLACE. For the Best Ethel. “ Men are so lacking in self-con- trol.” Claire. “ Don't become feverish about it, my dear. If they weren’t, most of us would die old maids.” Getting Into Deep Water EDITOR’S DRAWER. 047 Asking Papa AFTER calling faith- fully for about a year, Percy finally man- aged to fulfil expecta- tions by proposing, and was promptly accepted. “ Now, dear, I think you should go right in and see papa, and every- thing will be all right!” Alice remarked, fondly brushing a speck from his shoulder. “ Er, yen! Of course!’’ Percy gasped, looking yearningly toward the door. “ He’s in the library— go right in!” Alice said, giving him a playful little push. “ Of course he is fond of me, and may feel a little cut up, but I am sure you can convince him that our happiness depends on his consent. He was real rough with—er, that is, I mean. I am sure he will be just sweet about it!” With his brain in a whirl, and regretting bitterly the occasions on which he had laugh- ed—yes, actually laugh- ed—at jokes, so-called, of young men who had been kicked down the front steps by large and unappreciative fathers, Percy entered the li- brary. Subconsciously Percy noted that papa's shoes were of terrible thickness, and numbered at least eleven. He trembled, and tried to speak. “ Hello. Percy! Got through with it at last, have you?” Papa remarked, pleasantly. “ Sit down and have a smoke. You young fellows certainly are slow these days! I was married three months after meeting Alice's mother. What’s the matter!” Percy had swooned away. Q. E. D. Far from the Madding Crowd On the Face of It A YOUTHFUL contributor to a Western journal one day received the manu- script he had a few days before sent the editor. Instead of the usual rejection slip, ■the young man was amazed to find the following brief note from the editor: “ 1 venture to observe that the super- scription to your MS. seems best to ex- press our reason for declining it." The title-page read as follows: “ His Great Sin. about twenty thousand words.” A MEMBER of the faculty of a New Eng- land university tells of a freshman, who was asked by one of the professors whether he had proved a certain proposition in Euclid. 41 Well, sir,” responded the freshman. “' proved ’ is a strong word. But I will say that I have rendered it highly prob- able.” And He Gave It “ VOU may say what you like against 1 young ministers, but I have nothing but praise for our young pastor,” the pomp- ous Mr. Brown remarked, as he passed out of the church. “ Nothing but praise!" “ So I observed,” dryly retorted the deacon who had passed the plate. In the adversity of our best friends tcc often find something that is not exactly dis- pleasing.-ROC IIEFOU CAULD. The Quarrel BY n't LB UK D. NESB/T NOW, Willie Johnson, yesterday, He make a face at me, an' say He’s glad he ain’t a little girl, ’Cause he don’t have no hair to curl An’ his face don’t have to be clean— An’ so I tell him ’at lie’s mean, An’ I make faces at him, too, An’ stick my tongue out! Yes, I do! Ken me an’ Willie Johnson fight. I	know 'at girls must be po lite An’ never get in fights—but he Got in the fight; it wasn’t me. An’ so I tored off Willie’s hat An’ give him just a little pat Up ’side his face, an’ lie just cry An’ run home like lie’s ’fraid lie’ll die! So pretty soon his mama, she Corned to our house—an’ looked at me!— Xen goed right in where mama is— She tooked ’at tored-up hat o’ his. An’ Missus Johnson she just told My mama lots o’ things, an’ scold About me. too^—'cause I’m outside An’ hear—th’ door is open wide. Xen Willie eomed out wif his pup An’ say “Hullo!” So we maked up, Xen get to playin’ an’mal show— His pup is a wild li’n. an’ so, W’y, lie’s a-trainin’ it, an’ I’m Th’ aujence mos’ near all tli’ time. An’ nen our mamas bofe eomed out. His mania she still scold about Me slappin’ him—an’ they bofe say: “ Hereafter keep your child away!” An’ nen they see us playin’ there An' they bofe say: “Well, I declare!'* n ARPER'B U AO AZINB ADVERTISER. Old Age a Condition Really within Control To a Great Extent A man with a healthy body feels young, whatever his years. The Secret of retained youth is in the food that builds and sustains the body, and a healthy mind. The elasticity and “bound" of prime manhood is designed to last through after years. Premature old age one brings upon himself through thought- less living. Scientists agree that most folks eat much more meat than the body needs. The excess means body work and body waste. Premature de- cay follows. A well-known food expert, knowing this, produced Grape-Nuts A scientific, predigested food containing the vital body- and brain-building elements of natural food grains. It is quickly assimi- lated, and nourishes in the right way. Persons who have been careless in their living find the body promptly responds to the use of Grape-Nuts— 44 There’s a Reason ” Postum Cereal Company. Ltd., Battle Creek, Michigan, U. S. A. 7 When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. HARPER'S UAOAJSItfB ADVERTISER. ^.iro;g: r*CCT»::oi The Charm of By-Gone Times THERE is an attraction hardly to be resisted in the furniture of bv-gone times. But to gather together enough to fitly furnish even one room takes years of sleepless vigilance and a liberal expenditure. Our Replica-reproductions of such pieces preserve all the charm of the originals and facilitate the immediate plenishing, not of one room only, but of the entire home. Our productions arc offered for sale in New York only. Here they may Ik- seen in the Twelve Galleries of the Building especially designed and built for the Grand Rapids Furniture Company. The individuality of these admi- Of actual assistance to those furoish- rable examples of the modem Cabinet-	ing, however, will be found our book* Maker's craft is such that an illustrated “The House and Its Plenishing, Catalogue would l>c misleading rather	which will be sent to all who write us than helpful.	of their exact needs. Furniture Company * w	INCORPORATKDJk 34 and 36 West Thirty-Second Street, New When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine HARPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. You’ll enjoy Maud Powell's exquisite violin solos ^	“Our” Maud Powell, as her admirers love &-t0 Cal1 ,ier' 'S °ne of t,ie ft" ar,ists wll° shows year after year greater development M	in tone, technique and interpretation. £ There is nothing of pose or virtuoso affectation ^al>out her—she loves the work she is doing and her heart and mind are wholly in it. / Y® i ip*	So eminent a musical authority as Henry T. Finck says: “When Maud Powell plays, one thinks m3	not of bowing and fingering, of staccato or legato. V M	of ,iarnionics or double-stops, of trills—though they ir* vaI kfu	*,e’ as *iers are* Melba-like in their perfection; one 'V*T	thinks only of the music. Like a great actor, she i	\ <1	v I	makes one foreet tlie player in the art”. fa\~¥	gA'-i	Vi	And the perfection reached by the now Victor process of j t\ j	.A .	'11	recording was never shown to better advantage than in these f. |	Dm	three marvelous new records, which reproduce perfectly every *	I	V r \ jW	little detail and delicacy of tone with all the original brilliancy. 111! \ a	Ten-inch, accompaniment by I'.mrge Falkenstein. SI. /I y{1 W|jlJ iT^B	H154 Traumerei......................................Schumann 'jk. ™ ft W j	Twelve-inch. accompaniment l>y Cieorce I-'alkenslein. $1.50. fo	74173 Capriecio Valae, Op. 7........................Wieniawnki Ka^ JHjI	74179 Komnnco from Concerto No. 2, Op. 21.........Wieniawski Mine. Powell makes records only for the Victor. Four splendid concert songs by John Barnes Wells This noted young tenor always charms his audiences not only because of his lovely voice, but because of the absolute clearness of his enunciation, which enables every word to be understood. The unusual qualities of his superb tenor voice are fully apparent in the numbers he has sung for the Victor,	y Tcn-inch. accompaniment by Victor Orchestra. 60 cents. 5781 In Maytimo ...........................................OlerSpralu 522 2??* S2.n*--i........ ...............................Harriet Ware	' 5/89 Thine Eyes So Blue and Tender...........................Lassen Twclvc-inch. accompaniment by Victor Orchestra. $1. 31791 Beloved, It is Morn................................Hiekey-Aylward Hear the,,, records at any Victor dealer’s. Ask him for a September supplement which contains the complete list of new sinele- and double-faced records, with a detailed description ot cach. And be sure to hear the Victor-Victrola Victor Talking Machine Co., Camden, N. J., u. S A. Berliner Gremoptume Co.. Montreal. Cuudisa DlUrltiulon. To get best results, use only Victor Needles on Victor Kecords. /i^^A On sale America on August 27 iiS?	_	1.1. O__a___1____1* a. mur SThis masters voiff" with the September list of new Victor Records New Victor Records are on sale at all dealers on the 28th of each month When writing la advertisers kindly mention Harper's Magazine. II ARPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. This Letter (i) (2) (3) (4) That the Hoover cleans thoroughly. That it does not harm but actually benefits fabrics. That it cleans with a minimum of effort. That it is the only machine which does ail these things. " However Clean Hoover Cleaner" StJCTlGN SWEElllC . „e reasons for the Hoover Sweeper * effectiveness, on furnishings as well as floor-coverings, arc contained m that little Hoover book. Write for it. THE HOOVER SUCTION SWEEPER CO. General Office*	109 Maple Street, New Berlin, O. NEW YORK MwbridKe Bldg. Broadway at 34th St. CHICAGO 24 East Monroe St. PHILADELPHIA Store 12 Mint Arcade CLEVELAND 33 Taylor Arcade DETROIT Waahinstton Arcade NEWARK Lyric Bid*. 11	Bc»««» Sold by Principal Stores Throughout the Country lias a message for you. It was written hy one of the world s greatest authorities on rugs, to a woman who wanted to know how test to care for them. You have known the Vantine reputation for years. You know the value of such an opinion from such a firm. The Important Points rtt treatneot cf Oriental Sago »ith oc-ierr ol«o- trlcalljr oparatad oleacer# piavta tin* or! effort. flaotior, ahoeld be ixf, !o«nr, Ib -eleo-.:;,; *.n. cethol, for cachinoo ara dfatniCtlTo to tb* fabric. *» (iott itTOa'. looted the rarioM alensera led art wtflnotd (ha*, tho Hosier ileotrlc Soatlon C-ao^ar la the oclj saohloo «hloh clenr.n thoro^jhly *1 tb a EiEiau: of »(fort and aith aaacrad jrotactiCB to floor co»«riegt. 1b foot onr uoo of tno Hooter loaln o* to b«- liera It »ill orolon.; tho life of Oriental Suss. Verj respectfully. A. A. Tar.tino 4 Co. Par	rf*'t Sterttar>. Dear Haiar.- Vx*, 0. Kerrey ffalkar, ?or'« Oitjr. When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. HARPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. INTROD UCIN G GOOD FURNITURE TO A CONTINENT. AN ANNOUNCEMENT WORTH $17.50 OR MORE TO EVERY PERSON WHO ACTS UPON IT. I Is *                ll_ 1         { Myr- • J       1 - -   1 1 iW:. 1       1 •<  . I ’'' / ^ 1. - it* -* T This is the day of big things, done quickly. Men no longer wait on the slow process of time. This advertisement speaks to other millions while you are reading it. Ten years ago a man who imported much fine foreign furniture for his fellow Americans decided to make American furniture the standard of the world. This man has doubled his facilities over and over again, until he now has the largest and most perfect workshops of their kind in the world — making COWAN CABINET WORK—and yet he is not supplying one- tenth of the demand which will arise when all the people know about Cowan furniture. He is planning to double his workshops again and again. The old way would have been to advertise conservatively and wait years. The modern way is The Cowan Special Offer, to Induce Immediate Acquaintance with Cowan Furniture. The Special Offer for September is the Cowan Colonial Four Poster Bed (the famous old pineapple pattern shown herewith) on which we offer you a saving of $17.50 on the single, or 827.50 on the double size. This offer holds good for the month of September only. The beds arc shown in our own retail store in Chicago, and bv all the stores throughout the country where Cowan furniture is sold. If you do not know the nearest Cowan agency, the name will be furnished upon request, or you may order the beds by mail direct from the Cowan shops. There is only one Cowan quality. You can buy other four post beds of similar appearance at our reduced price or near it, but do not do so expecting to get Cowan quality. You will be disappointed. These beds no doubt are worth what is asked for them. The whole point of our special offers is that whatever we offer will be worth much more than the price at which we offer it temporarily. Hundreds of Cowan beds of this famous old pattern are now in the finest American homes, and they have been sold uniformly heretofore at £55.00 for the single, and 865.00 for the double size. They cannot be sold for less, at a profit, and will not be sold for less after September 30th. During September we offer them for 837.50 in cither sinule or double size. The beds are of the very finest of selected solid mahogany, each board selected for its beauty of gmin and texture. The posts are hand carved and the head board is five-ply mahogany, veneered upon solid mahogany, to prevent warping. We sell our special offerings to our agents at less than our shop cost to enable them to fulfill the terms of this offer. We make the same offer through our retail store and by mail, F. O. B. Chicago, to make the opportunity nation-wide. We make these offers solely to stimulate your first interest in Cowan furniture. Once interested, we know you will do as hundreds of others have done—furnish your home entirely with it—all at once if you can—piece by piece if you must. There is no other furniture like it, and no other /fnir furniture made in a sufficient number of patterns so that a home may be furnished entirely with it. The Cowan line now numbers more than a thousand patterns, all in mahogany or Circassian walnut, reproduced from the masterpieces of historic design—Sheraton, Chippendale, Heppel- white, Adam, American Colonial, etc. You can take advantage o£ the September special offer only in September. Call upon our nearest agent if you know him, or write to us at once for information. Dresser, dressing table, chiffonier, costumer, commode and cheval glass to match can be had if desired. W. K. COWAN & COMPANY Shops—(513 The Lake Shore Drive, Chicago. Retail Store—203-207 Michigan Ave,, Chicago. Agencies—throughout the country. When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. HAMPER’S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. PIANOLA PIANO Hundreds of people will return from the country this year with the intention of buying a Pianola Piano. In the home of some neighbor or friend they have been greatly entertained by hearing one of these instruments—per- haps even played one themselves. They have listened to people who literally knew nothing whatever of music play the Pianola Piano with a beauty—an expressiveness—a brilliancy of execution only surpassed by the greatest pianists. Discernment Necessary But not all these people will exercise the care they should when they come to make their purchase. Some of them may fail to realize until after they buy—that all player-pianos are not Pianola Pianos. Too late they will learn that the musical results accomplished with the Pianola Piano are possible on no other piano- player whatsoever. That only on the Pianola are those wonderful features, the Afe/rosty/e— Pianola Pianos cos! from $550 upwards. They may Y. will be mailed free upon request, together with which shows in ever)’ piece the mood of the composer and how to interpret it; The Them odist—which brings the melody or “ theme ” clearly out above the accom- paniment; The Graduated Accompaniment, The Sustaining Pedal Device, etc. Pianola Pianos Radically Different From Player-pianos A player-piano is any piano with any player in it. A Pianola Piano is either a Steinway, a Weber, a Steck, a Wheelock or a Stuy- vesant Piano containing the world famous Pianola itself. Practically all piano manufacturers now have instruments on the market for which they claim results similar to the Pianola Piano. The fact is, that not one of these instruments approaches the Pianola Piano either in the artistic nature of its perform- ance—the simple yet complete control it offers the performer, or in the expe- rience and skill which shows in its construction. be purchasedon monthly payments. Illustrated catalog Q 1 information as to where the Pianola may be obtained. THE AEOLIAN COMPANY, nta,i^17n?tLmr7i"^ih< world Aeolian Hall, 362 Fifth Ave., New York When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. HARPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper's Magazine. An Invitation to the Dance" quoted a well-known music critic watching a hundred children dancing to Baldwin Player-Piano accompaniment. All the waltz kings, all the music monarchs from Strauss to Sousa, from Chopin to Chaminade, are your subjects— )t JSalbtmn $la|>er=33tano furnishes fingers of fairy fleetness and the power to accent like an artist, you control the performance; your rythmic feeling rules. Try the Viennese waltzes on a Baldwin Player-Piano. Here is swing, enticement, color as when the master leads the band. Every composer is yours to interpret with art. The Catalogue, describing Baldwin player construction, is complete with player facts. Let us semi it. Comparison between the “Baldwin" and other piano-playing inventions emphasizes Baldwin superiority. (The lal&min (JTompanti CINCINNATI Chicago 262 WnWh Ave. IndiannpolU 18 N. I'cnn'a St. Krw York 8 E. J«th Street Louisville *25 S- Fourth Ave St. Louia 1013 Olive Street Boston 40 Huntington Ave. ■ .. mmm ■■ 8nn Francisco 310 Suiter Street Denver 1626 California St. HARPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. NIGHT LETTERS BRIDGE DISTANCE The new “NIGHT LETTER” service of The Western Union Telegraph Company offers manifold advantages as a means of unabbre- viated correspondence by wire. It enables those who are traveling to keep in close touch with conditions in their homes— the "NIGHT LETTER” of information or inquiry being delivered early next morning. Fifty words sent for the price of a con- densed day message. THE WESTERN UNION TELEGRAPH COMPANY Prompt, Efficient, Popular Service. When writing to advertiser/s kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. IHII I’fJC'S MAGAZINE AOVHUTlSElt. The Problem of Time An Advertisement by Elbert Hubbard IIME has always been a strange and baffling puzzle to philoso- phers. They could never explain, or account, or trace its beginning and end. While we can calculate the end of worlds and of solar systems, time stretches away illimitable, unfettered and uncontrolled. 480. The principal thing that differentiates man from the animals is his cognizance of time. Animals know when they are hungry, but they never look at the sun or make any sign which shows that they are speculating about time. We divide life up into periods of time, and thus make it endurable. You lend a man money and in a year he pays you back with something additional—or he doesn't. Anyway, ne should. Where did the extra money come from ? Time produced it. How can time cease? By no leap of mind can one imagine. But all the time that the individual can call his own is while he lives. When will Fate with her scissors clip the thread of time for you ? You do not know, and this very uncertainty should make you prize time and work while it is called the day. To limit the shock of your passing, and to ease your affairs over the shallows when your hand and brain can no longer guide them, Life Insurance comes in. Death, for most, comes without warning. By Life Insurance, those dependent upon us are cared for, and the result of our foresight and prudence is the possession of those we love after we are gone. •32 Life Insurance is not a duty: it is more than that—it is a privilege. Life Insurance does not actually insure you against death, but it insures your loved ones against want when you are no longer here. That very fact gives peace, Oise and power to the man who is insured. It makes for length of days, fe Insurance is an extension on time. And being wise we provide through the Equitable Life against the time when time shall be no longer ours. The Equitable Life Assurance Society OF THE UNITED STATES “Strongest in the World” The Company which pays its death claims on the day it receives them. Paul morton, president 120 Broadway, new york city AGENCIES EVERYWHERE! None in your town ? Then why not recommend to us some good man—or woman—to represent us there— Great opportunities to-day in Life Insurance work for the Equitable. When writing to advertisers kindly mention IJarper’s Magazine. 11.It 1‘E It'S UAUAZISL ADVEltTISBU. f FIDELITY OP CASUALTY GO. OF NEW YORK 107c	GEORGE F. SEWARD, President	IQ in IO W	ROBERT J. HILLAS. Vice-President and Secretary	*** 1 U FIDELITY LIABILITY ACCIDENT HEALTH STEAM BOILER ELEVATOR PLATE GLASS BURGLARY FLY-WHEEL CAPITAL, $1,000,000	SURPLUS, $3,378,033.64 DIRECTORS WM. P. DIXON,	W. G. LOW.	WM. J. MATHESON,	WILLIAM H. PORTER, ALFRED W. HOVT. FRANK LYMAN. ALEXANDER E. ORR,	ANTON A. RAVEN, geo. e. ide,	j. g. McCullough, henry e. pierrepont. john j. riker, W. EMLEN ROOSEVELT.	GEO. F. SEWARD. Principal Office, 92-94 Liberty Street, New York Agent* in all considerable towns The experience of this Company under Its liability policies, covering 25,000 accidents a year, has been studied in order to determine what industrial accidents are preventable. From such data and from data gathered from other sources, we believe that fully sixty percent, fall within the preventable class. How these accidents may be prevented is told in a pam- phlet of about 200 pages, prepared by us. A first edition of thirty thousand copies was exhausted, and a second edition of twenty thousand copies is now being dis- tributed. A copy has been sent without charge to each of the Company’s industrial policy-holders. The price to the public Is nominal—twenty-flve cents. A copy will be sent on receipt of remittance. When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. terbroo. teel Pens 50 Style WW You •M want r Esterbrook’s Easiest writing Longest wearing Their reputation extends over half a century. The Eaterbrook Steel Pen Mfg. Co., 95 John Street. New York Works: Camden, N. J. Hotel St. Denis BROADWAY and 11th ST. NEW YORK CITY Within Easy Access of Evciy Point of Interest. Half Block from Wana- maker’s. 5 minutes' walk of Shopping District. NOTED FOR Excellence of Cuisine. Comfortable Appointments. Courteous Service and Homelike Surroundings. Rooms $1.00 Per Day and Up EUROPEAN PLAN Table d’Hote Breakfast 50 cents Win. Taylor & Son, Inc. ALSO HOTEL MARTINIQUE BROADWAY and 33d STREET HARPER'S SI AO AX I Si: ADVERTISER. One Telephone, Dumb; Five Million, Eloquent. If there were only one telephone in the world it would be exhibited in a glass case as a curiosity. Even in its simplest form tele- phone talk requires a second instru- ment with connecting wires and other accessories. For real, useful telephone service, there must be a comprehensive system of lines, exchanges, switch- boards and auxiliary equipment, with an army of attendants always on duty. Connected with such a system a telephone instrument ceases to be a curiosity, but becomes part of the great mechanism of universal com- munication. To meet the manifold needs of telephone users the Bell System has been built, and today enables twenty- five million people to talk with one another, from five million telephones. Such service cannot be rendered by any system which does not cover with its exchanges and connecting lines the whole country. The Bell System meets the needs of the whole public for a telephone service that is united, direct and universal. American Telephone and Telegraph Company And Associated Companies When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. HARPER’S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. U as J Cylinders, 20 H. Sliding Gears Bosch Magneto P. $750 ( F.O. B. Detroit), including Three Oil Lamps, Horn and Tool*. Top. Gas Lamps, Tank and Speed- ometer extra. 25 cents a day is all it costs most people to run this car There are 7500 Hupmobile owners in America. The great majority Iceep their cars at home and run them for about 25c a day. That means everything — oil, gasoline, repairs — everything. You may moralize all vou like about the expense of keeping automobiles—but you'll not find a Hupmobile owner who will admit that his car is an expense at all. At 25c a day, he maintains that his Hupmobile is cheaper than street cars—infinitely less expensive than a horse. Cheaper, because it covers so much more ground. An economy, because it enables the owner to do two or three times as much work and still have leisure. The Hupmobile is just the right size to save money in first cost: and it saves money, because it is just the right size, on tires, gasoline, and repairs. And isn't it the handsomest, smallest car of its type in the market > At least 100,000 more people can afford to own » Hupmobile—in the sense that it would prove itself an actual investment in lime saved and the pleasure it would bring. Chat with a Hupmobile owner (doubtless your acquaintances include one or more). Note his enthusiastic talk. Then look up the Hupmobile dealer ; or write for the catalog. HUPP MOTOR CAR COMPANY, Desk 20, DETROIT, MICH. Licensed under Se/den Patent. '■4 When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. HARPER'S U AO AX! SB ADVERTISER. WO short words, and com- monplace—“the best ”— completely describe the Stevens- Duryea Landaulet as it is today. The more you know about auto- mobiles, the more readily you will agree that this is so. It has true beauty in every line, grace in every motion; the fleetness of a fawn; the com- parative strength, the powerful silence of an ocean liner; all the comfort and protection that could be desired. These qualities give the Stevens-Duryea Landaulet dis- tinct preference for theatre, shopping and country-house use. We believe there is no car equal to it. Our Literature Sent On Request ms Ices plain every reason lot Stevens-Duryea superiority. It U interesting, complete and •peaks will) authority. May we send it) Stevens-Duryea Company, Chicopee Falls, Mass. Licenced Under St I Jen Paten! When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. HARPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. Get these Varnish Facts Solid It Is Like Picking Up Money The labor of varnishing costs more than the varnish. Lower-price varnish requires more labor than Fine Varnish. Fine Varnish covers more Surface than lower- price varnish. The Varnish Maker and the Dealer have larger profits on lower-price varnish. Two big profits out of a low price leave little for value. Murphy Varnishes are the Cheapest to use because they are the finest. “Quality and Economy in Varnish and Varnishing ’ ’ Free — gives facts and figures that prove it. Murphy Varnish Company, FRANKp^^,urphy’ NEWARK, N. J. boston Cleveland st. louis chicago Associated with Dougall Varnish Company, Limited, Montreal, Canada The Varnish That Lasts Longest When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. HAJtPBK'8 MAGAZINE ADVERTISEIt. K /A\ Iq- When you motor with the TRUFFAULT - HARTFORD SHOCK ABSORBER on your car, inequalities of the road, however pronounced, cease to manifest themselves. Your car travels along with an easy, wavy motion over the roughest places. There's neither jolt nor jar. neither bouncing nor skidding. You enjoy solid comfort under all conditions of travel. Every road becomes a boulevard. Over and above all these advantages, wear and tear arc decreased materially. Repair bills, tire bills, dwindle to a degree most pleasing. The Truflault-Hartford Shock Absorber is guaran- teed to makegood or its purchase price will be refunded. The standard shock absorber of motordom. Used in all impor- tant motoring events. Regular equipment on such cars as Pierce- Arrow, Thomas. Apperson. Stevens- Duryea, American. Studebaker-Garford. Chadwick, etc., etc., etc. We can fit any car and make any car fit for any road. Write us. mentioning make, model, and year, and we will <vr/4,	send you some very interesting particulars about the Truffaut/- ffarifard Agtuey TrufTault-Hartford applied to your car. HARTFORD SUSPENSION COMPANY, 159 Bay St., JERSEY CITY, N. J. EDW. V. HAKTFOKU, Pr«*l«l.nt. «... . vr.-,Fs tXcw York. 212-21 » 8WI1 Si. Philadelphia, 850 N. Broad Si. RotUm. 3II* Coiutntm* Ave. Chicago, 1460 Michigan Ave. When writing to advertisers kindhj mention Harper's Magazine. IIA RI’ER’S JIAOAZIXE ADVERTISER. is proverbial. With health comes strength—and both go far to make a successful life. Thousands of American women know that ^HEVJSER BUSc/fJj has brought them the priceless boon of health. To poorly nour- ished and anaemic women it is of inestimable value. Declared by U. S. Revenue Department A Pare Malt Product and NOT an alcoholic beverage. Sold by druggists and grocers. Anheuser-Busch	St. Louis, Mo. of the Outdoor Woman When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper's Magazine. HARPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. We began in one small store, figuring our business in the hundreds. To-day we count sales by millions and have three of the greatest of stores devoted to outfitting men and boys. H ovv ? Ask the Man from New York. Good clothing for men and boys—clothing that must make good under any test, and the supreme test is “your money back if you want it." We 're retailers, who whole- sale to a few good clothiers in the larger cities. Fall styles are ready at our Broadway stores. If Broadway is far off and your home dealer hasn’t our clothing—write us. Rogers Peet & Company New York City *58 Broadway 84} Broadway 1302 Broadway at Warren St. at «jth St. at J4th St. When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper's Magazine. UiHPHR'a MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. Dealing Directly With Principals We sell New York Citv Surface Car and J 5th Avenue Auto Bus Advertising and noth- ing else. We work constantly with our advertisers to make the advertising thev are doing with us a success, because our success depends upon theirs. Under these circumstances a third party would be a clear case of “two’s company—” We have the exclusive control and sale of all advertising space in the New York City Surface Cars And 5th Avenue Auto Busess Study the Cards — IV e Have a Standard Write for rates and information New York City Car Advertising Company 225 Fifth Avenue, N. Y. When writing to advert iters kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. U Altl'Klt'sS UAOAZISK AVVEUTlSEll. 1 to 10,000! It is estimated that one man in ten still wears custom made clothes. It is a fact that not one man in ten thousand has his shoes made to order. The average man you meet is wearing today a better look- ing, more comfortable and more durable shoe than was worn by the millionaire of yesterday. Just one thing has made this possible: Goodyear Welts Here is a picture of the shoemaker of your youth you have seen him at work with almost precisely the same tools that were used at the time the pyramids were built. But within your memory he has vanished into history. His place has been taken by a system of almost human machinery. The making of shoes has been revolutionized in the past ten years by the marvelous development and the general use of the Goodyear Welt system of shoe machinery, which results in: Satisfaction to the wearer; Better business for the dealer ; |i ‘ Prosperity for the manufacturer; Improved conditions of tabor. No matter where sold, or under what name, all really good Welt shoes today are made by this process—ask the salesman (next time) if the Welt shoes he offers you are “ Goodyear Welts ”—refuse them if they are not. You want the best—get it. Wc have prepared an alphabetical list of all “Goodyear Welt" shoes sold under a special name or Trade Mark. We send it on request, without charge, and with it a book which describes the “Goodyear Welt" process in detail and pictures the marvelous machines employed. United Shoe Machinery Company, Boston, Mass. When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper's Magazine. HAMPER'S UAGAZlSt: AUVERTI8KK. Seaside Painters know by experience that nothing but Oxide of Zinc Paints will give satisfaction. Seashore exposure is only an n accelerated paint test." Paint that wears well here will wear better elsewhere. A proper percentage of Oxide of Zinc is essential to the life of Paint. Does your paint contain, Oxide of Zinc? Oxide of Zinc is unalterable The New Jersey Zinc Co. even under the blowpipe	,, ... „ _	„	v __55 Wall Street, New YorK, N. Y. We do nol grind Zinc in oil. A list of manufacturers of Oxide of Zinc Paints mailed free on request. USE PAINTS MADE WITH OXIDE of ZINC JAP-A-LAC is made	sta‘ns an(^ varnishes in Seventeen beautiful	jdi ca/be used^oT'any- colors and Natural	thing of wood or metal "1 t xp-A-L JL f1 K3 Pa I It I Diattn.	brush. Start Your Library with Slobc^Vcroickc Bookcases —made in units or sections, permitting grail uni expansion as the number of volumes increase. Conformity to styles that are distinctive without being intrusive, and a strict adhercnic to a high standard of quality, have firmly established tlie leadership of Slobc^Vcrmckc Elastic Bookcases The latest edition of "The World’* Beat Books" contains lists of the j. io. 2*. so and *oo "best books" selected by distinguished «cholj*rs. 11 For reference, or for	stiy one who is.ptanninc to CStabUfth a libr.irr. 'The World'* Best Books will be found very compact and cxcc'dinjr'y useful.Eag\if. It will be sent you free, with the new 6lob«^N*%rnickc catalogue, containing many illustration* of library interiors in colors. Address Department T. 3k< Slobs ^Vftrnlckc Co. Cincinnati, U. S. A. THE GLIDDEN VARNISH COMPANY 5970 GLIDDEN BUILDING	CLEVELAND. OHIO When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. ItAKPKieS UACIA/.IXt: Al)\ KltTISBIt. (—Fire Destroys— Many Country Homes Because the Fire Department is too fur away and nn efficient extinguisher is ready for prompt use. Chemical FIRE ENGINE Throws a stream 75 to 85 feet. Better than a thousand gallons of water. Extinguishes fire in Oil or Gasoline. May be operated by one man. Costs almost nothing to maintain. Absolutely Safe—Lasts a Lifetime. Free Trial Offer explained ami Booklet 11 sent on u|'l'lte<uiim. BADGER FIRE EXTINGUISHER COMPANY 32 II Portland Street, llowlnn, Mh»». THE WAR. OF THE WORLDS A NOVEL By H. G. WELLS Author of "Tho Futuro In Amorlca” The demand for this novel by Mr. Wells has been so continuous and comes from so many different quarters that reprinting it has been made a necessity. No ad- mirer of Mr. Wells, whether of his serious works or his novels, can afford to be without this fine story. Post 8vo, Cloth. SI.50 Harper ® Brothers. New York (PcL^rCtr M ANY house- owners put off badly needed painting last spring because of the rainy weather in April and May. Ifyou have done so, paint this fall. It was wise not to paint in the wet weather but don’t put it off longer. Fall is an excellent painting season. The atmosphere is clear and bright and free from moisture. Insects are not prevalent. Surfaces are dry — in short, every condition favorable to good painting is found in the fall. When you paint, specify Dutch Boy Painter White Lead and have the painter mix it fresh with pure linseed oil at the time of painting. Then the right paint is assured — paint which penetrates the surface and dries with a tough, elastic, durable film. We have prepared our “Dutch Boy Pairt Adviser No. B” for property owners who want authori- tative help on painting. Free to all who write for it. National Lead Company Am offic* iH each of lk$ following cititt: New York Boston Buffalo Cincinnati Chicago Cleveland Si. Louia (John T. Lewis & Broa. Co.. Philadelphia) (National Lead & Oil Company. Pittsburgh) When writing to advertisers kindly mention TT nr pet's Magazine. BAIIPMR'S MAO AXIS K AUVRRTISUR. Sanatorium The only private Institution of mag- nitude In the United States fur the eaclaslve treatment of Cancer asd otltfr malignant and benign new growth*. Conducted by a physician of ataadlng. Establishes! 3? years. M & M PORTABLE HOUSES and GARAGES Substantial, beautiful summer and winter Cottages and Bun- galow*. Ineiprntivc, complete in every detail. Save worry snd material. Wind and weatherproof. Built on Un'» Plan, no naiii, no carpenter. Everything fit*. Anyone can set up. We are the pioneer reliable poriable hou*e builders. Hare longest experience, mo*t skillful labor, lateat facilities, kccp«o*»* ftantly on our docks, and in our yard* and dry kilns, 50 Million Feet Seasoned White Pine best weather-resisting timber known—enabling ul '» ■*** quickest shipments and lowest prices.	. . ,, m I	-. Enclose 4 cents loi our Handsom* book of P'*n* — * '■ ,—	*-—----—--—-~ -■ and Dosigns which also gisea names and addresses o* «*•”* Tbe Original. Reliable and I.sreesl Manulacturets ol Portable Houses wh„ h,,t owncd ,nd occupied 0UI houses lor years. Doo'l ■>“» * We Pay the Freight and Deliver our Houses to any R. R. Station In U. S. Portable House till you knowwhai ibe lattest.oldestmakersoo MERSHON & MORLEY CO.,700Main St..Saginaw,Mich.N„. When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. For Ihc Scientific and KlfcctW. Trratmrnt of Cancer Without Rr.orting to Murglral I’rorfdure F*r	ini*rm*t\mn addrttt BERKSHIRE HILLS SANATORIUM North Adorn-, Mmn»achu»«’tla your WORKSHOP EQUIp- With outfits of Barnes Wood ami Metal Working W FOOT POWER -&# Machinery you cau successfully compete with Factories that use steam power, lK»th in quality and profit on prod* uct. Thr only complete line of such machines made. Have stood the test t»enty years. Send for catalogue. Address: W. F. 6. JOHN BARNES CO.. 5t»3 Ruby St.,	Kook ford. III*. of Navigation By W. J. HENDERSON It Is a very dear anil concise statement of essential fact** con- cerning the handling of a ship at sea, and furnishes Informa- tion Indispensable to every one connected with the navigation of a vessel.—A rmy and Navy Journal, New York. With Diagram*, fl.00 HARPER <5r» BROTHERS, PUBLISHERS, N. Y. The “BabcocK” Electric Is safer and easier to kandle; is faster on tke level and stronger on tke kills and will go fartker on a single ckarge tkan any otker"Elec- tric.” Tkey cost less in tke first place and tkey cost less to keep up. 42c was tke average cost of repairs on “Bakcock Electrics for 1909. Write for Catalogue today Babcock EJectric Carriage Co. 226 West Utica Street Buffalo, N. Y. Engleside beach Haven. N.J Beach Haven has the best combination of sea shore features on the Atlantic Coast. <L Matchless bay for sailing, al- ways good fishing, perfect beach anti bathing- <L The ENGLESIDE has all modern conveniences, private baths with salt and fresh water, and is a home as well as a hotel. Sure relief from hay fever. Open June 18th (o October 1st. Send for booklet. THE ENGLESIDE COMPANY. Inc.. Owners ROBT. F/ENCilE. Treat, and M<r. BEACII HAVEN. N. J. HAMPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. Believing that a great many in- telligent people have little definite knowledge regarding the construc- tion and merits of different carpets and rugs, we have prepared an interesting little book for national distribution and will be glad to send it gratis on request. We suggest tkat every housekeeper write for " Carpets, as it is to ber interest to know wbere economy begins and ends in floor coverings. Address. Bigelow Carpet Co.. New York. The Servant in the House (.4 PLA >') By CHARLES RANN KENNEDY HERE is an uplifting drama so great, so compelling, so reverent, so akin to all the beautiful things in life, that it is more than a play, more than a novel, more than a mere book." With Eight Photographs from the Play. Post 8vo. Cloth, S 1.25. The Man from Home By BOOTH TARKINGTON and HARRY LEON WILSON FRESH vein of American humor, easy and natural, and a dashing love story as well. Illustrated with Photographs of Scenes in the Play. Post Svo, Cloth, S 1.25. The Winterfeast * By CHARLES RANN KENNEDY 'T’ME events transpire on the evening of the 1 Winter Night's Feast, a.d. 1020, within the homestead of Thorkel, an old Iceland Viking. It is a drama of retribution for an old lie. With Eight Photographs from the Play. Post Svo, Cloth, St.25. HARPER & BROTHERS, NEW YORK Right Light There is a good deal in this lighting question — whether it be for a hotel, a barn, a store, a church, a factory, an office or a home. A light isn’t a good light until it has the right glass. The glass makes or mars the light. A bare light dazzles. With the proper glass it is changed to soft, agreeable, artistic illumination. I	make a globe, shade or chimney for every kind of light—electric, gas and oil. I make over three thousand styles of electric lighting glass, in all shapes and colors, and in silk, satin and velvet finishes. This is exclusive of my globes for gas, and my lamp- chimneys. My latest invention is “Alba Glass.” It is particularly adapted to outdoor lighting and large spaces. It refines the brilliancy and gives perfect dif- fusion. Every lighting glass I make is perfect in its place, and each proves that the glass is as important as the light itself. Write for my catalogue. It tells all about my product. Macbeth, Macbeth-Evans Glass Company	Pittsburgh When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. HARPER'S il.\VAXI\E ADVERTISER. An EVOLUTION A REVOLUTION and a REVELATION Do you know thal there will be a revolution in the periodical subscription methods next fall—more sim- plicity, uniformity, and more friendly co-operation ? Do you know that the business will be conducted with the same dignity and exactitude that marks the conduct of a great railroad, bank, or trust company ? Do you know what this means to you if you are in the magazine business—bookstore, newsdealer, or agent ? First: If you give all or part of your time to getting subscrip- tions for a living- Write us! Second : If you never took a subscription but want to know how the business is made pleasant, dignified, and profitable— Write us! Third: If you want to do a kindness to some one who needs "an opportunity"—Write us! (Srujlae lilt name a ml infdrrxf.) Fourth: If you are running a bookstore or a news-stand and want to increase your business in subscriptions for any and all periodicals—profits also- Write us! Fifth: For four years the "Harper Plan" has been the best. We have a better one for next season. If you want to know about it, just ask us to tell you about the “Harper Plan" for 1910-11.—Write us to-day! Address HARPER & BROTHERS, Franklin Square, NEW YORK When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper's Magazine. I TRAVCLCRS I CHCQUCS__ <**<7t£.Amcrican Bankcrs Association AROUND THE WORLD Cook * 39lh Annual Series of Touri leave Sept. 13. 27. Nov. 5. 24. 1910; Jan. 7. 1911. for the GRAND TOUR OF THE WORLD Six months leisurely travel de luxe. Small private patties: comprehensive Itineraries; superior excluiive arrangements. The standard for 38 years, and still the best; our illustrated booklet tells why. TH OS. COOK & SON NEW YORK, 245 Broadway, 264 Fifth Ave. BOSTON', 332 Washington St. PHII.AUEI.PHIA, 830 Climtnnl St. CHICAGO, 2»l S<*. Clark St. SAN IK AN CISCO. 689 Market St. MONTKKAI, TORONTO, litc. 140 OFFICES Ml mu It.	r»iubll*hc<J 1*41. British East Africa & Uganda Tour, Nov. 1 trookV Traveller*' (Ihoqiifh Are titKxl All Over the World When Traveling Carry “A. B.A.” Cheques and thus avoid all travel-fund annoy- ances. They are safe, self-identifying and good everywhere — Abroad and At Home. Take a book of assorted denomi- nations ($10, $20, $50 and $100) on your next trip. Descriptive Booklet Free on Requeit BUY THEM FROM YOUR OWN BANKER OR IF MORE CONVENIENT APPLY TO ■AHHIPS TRUST COMPANY 7 WALL ST. N£V* YORK CITY SSotel S^cmterjeret HAHI-KHS UAUAZINB A1) VKIITI8ER. COMMONWEALTH AVENUE AND CHARLESGATE EAST Boston, Mass. A Select Hotel conducted on European Plan. Terrace Restaurant Open during Summer Months Bookings lor Fall and Winter may be mode now	Special inducements (or families and permanent guests COMPLETE EQUIPMENT FOR BALLS. BANQUETS. CONCERTS AND SOCIAL EVENTS OF ALL KINDS FRANK C. HALL. M.nu«r When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper's Magazine. HARPERS MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. 17 Jewel Elgin—Our Great Special $| Q75 Sent Anywhere on FREE TRIAL 1 liiiKHW l« lw| Knrm Ml FMa4 i. IwMt nut pM hM nu, ■hihM far 78 run. You do not pay on* penny until you have seen and examined this High- Grade 17-lawal Elgin Watch. In hand-engraved case, right In your own home. You are to be the Judge. Let us send It to you. all charges ra'sVu PAY ONLY $1.50 A MONTH. Wi iwl mrj tmil pmh No matter how far away you livo. or how amall your salary or income. »• •« *nrtl ft. for a hiffh^rriuio Kltfin Watch, in Bold raae. warranted for 25 yeara. and fruaranu**! to pau any Railroad m.pection. *>.u l>a>H w.i.l D.i...d cm**- It tells all about oui THE OUJ RELIABLE 0RI6IN4L DIAMOND AND WATCH CREDIT HOUSE Dot K 27,92lo 98 STATE ST.. CHICAGO. ILL I BROS.ft CO. Branches: I*\tUburv. t\i.. Sl.Loni».Mo. Ea%y Payment Plan — the •• Loftit Sywcra 1 am! how we send lUgln. Illtnort am! Waltham Watche*. 1$. Is 15, and •• O” sire*. I>, SI, and S3 Jewel, any- where in the world, without security or one cent deposit, 'mil for th# I.«f1l« Ma^asUr, Vrff 164 PRIZES worth *1000.00 Given for the Best Specimens of Silk Embroidery Every woman who is skilful with her needle is invited to enter specimens of her hand embroidery in this big Prize Contest. Here is a chance to win a valuable prize, including large cash sums, handsome sets of books, etc., etc. You have everything to gain and nothing to lose, because every piece entered, including all the Prize winners, will be promptly returned to the owner soon after the close of the Contest on November loth. Harper’s Bazar for September (at all news-stands) contains full particulars, including illustrations of the 18 Official Prize Contest Patterns which are now on sale by di v-goods and fancy-goods stores, stamped on suit- able material ready to embroider. All pieces must be embroidered in pure silk. A sheet giving the Conditions and Rules of the Contest may be had of the above dry-goods stores, or will be sent free on request bv Prize Contest Editor, HARPER’S BAZAR, Franklin Square, New York City CHENEY SILKS INCLUDE "SHOWER-PROOF” FOULARDS. FLORENTINES, DECORATIVE SILKS. UPHOLSTERY GOODS. VELOURS. VELVETS. RIBBONS. CRAVATS. VELVET RIBBONS, SPUN SILK YARNS. REELED SILKS. ETC. Cmkncv Bhothim, Silw M.numctumh.. When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. Candies Have never been equalled in Purity Quality aver JAPAN AUSTRALIA EGYPT and INDIA Around the World Trips Cosl lro« $617.70 up-Two-Year Tickets NORTH GERMAN The PHILIPPINES SIAM BURMA CEYLON LLOYD Travelers’ Checks Good All Over the World. Fast, Comfortable, Modern Steamers. Write lor “Around The World” Booklet, Dept. F. OELRICHS a CO., General Agents. S Broadway. New York SOUTH SEA ISLANDS JAVA J AROUND the WORLD Two Separate and Distinct Parties Big Journeys with Little Care The out-of-the-way and unfamiliar nooks and corners — arrangements rather exclusive. Information tree upon request. RAYMOND (SL WHITCOMB CO. 275 Fifth Avenue. New York 1005 Chestnut Sued. 1'Iiila.lclphla 304 Washington Street. Itotfon 214 Oliver Blit*.. HlwlMK Magnificent S. S. “Arabic” leaves Feb. 4: na.es $400 up, including shore excursions : 71 cnchnnting days. Stop over privileges. 3 high-class 0 mos. Bound World Tours Oct- and Nov. Program ready. FRANK C. CLARK. CLARK'S ORIENT CRUISE School Outfits for Children School Days bring mothers face to face with the difficult task of fitting out the children in serviceable, suitable and stylish clothes, at an economical price. Thousands of mothers save worry, expense and delay by clothing their children, from head to foot, from this large establishment, devoted completely and exclusively to the outfitting of boys, girls and infants. School Clothes, Hats, Shoes, Hosiery, Underwear, Furnishings for Boys and Girls are pictured, described and priced in our new Fall and Winter Catalogue which we mail free to any address upon request. This guide to correct clothes for children aids mothers in deciding upon any article of dress for school, street, house, or special occasions. Shopping by Mail is made as satisfactory as a personal visit to the store, by the helpful offices of our Long Distance Shopping Bureau, under experienced house buyers. You are safe in outfitting your children from here, because we guaran- | tee satisfaction, or promptly refund your money. | Please address Dept. 6. 60-62 West 23d St, New York HA RPKR'B MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. One of the Vacation Luxuries. Take it alonq with you or purchase it from any of our Sales Agents When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. HAltl-Uir# VAUiXIXK MH'HUTIVHtt. OFFER A NEW Only an Amorlcan Is situated to write an impartial account of the Napoleonic period. As an American, he Is exposed to no Influence which would tend to swerve him from historical truthfulness. The Life of Napoleon Bonaparte The eminent author John S. C. Abbott lias written this Napoleonic biography in his most brilliant style and has imbued the whole work with the genius of his profound historical studies. The story of Napoleon has never been told in a more authoritative and entertaining narrative, It reads like a romance. It is the long-needed American life of Napoleon. As every American expects some day to visit Paris, so every American should possess the story of Napoleon by John S. C. Abbott. What the books are These volumes arc authentic histo- HARPER .V "V rlCS' BROTHERS,	They read like a romance. FKA*K£wYokk\ They are by an eminent Gentlemen:-Ptoa«\ «Ulhor who writes send me, all charter, pre-	With a rare, Cl is- paid, The Life of Napoleon	tinctive style. What the books contain In all about thirteen hundred pages. 4 illustrations in duotonc, and 252 original wood-cuts by celebrated engravers. 37 maps and plans. Extracts from state papers, proclamations in full, facsimile reproductions of Napo- leon's letters and documents, etc. What the books look like Bonaparte, by John S. C. Ab* bott, (our volumes, subject to ten days' approval, and nlso enter my ILARPER’S* MAGAZINCFiPl,'H A°R•	The set consists of four magnificent volumes of roval- PER’S WEEKLY, and HARPER’S	octavo size. BAZAR. I enclo* *1.00 and »ia« to send \ Xhc ,ypc js ,ar and c|ear ,he _aper is of *1.00 a month until the price. *13.00. is paid, if	K ' the book* are accepted by me.	M-9	cellent quality. The binding is handsome and durable—an Namr....................................................... \ imperial blue vellum book cloth with appropriate design on back and side. Addrtts. North American Review may be nUiiiuud lor Magazine ot Weekly. \ HARPER & BROTHERS A Catalogue of Our Standard Sets of Books will be aent upon request By JOHN S. C. ABBOTT When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. M. P. DURABLE FLOOR VARNISH LIST PRICES (In tb« UnlU.1 SuIm)	(In th* Douilnloo of Canada) Imperial Mnum L 1 GaL Cans. #2.?5 each	l Gal. Gins. *8.25 rath J I Quart	.HO ** Qtiart	.05 •• J A Exhaustive leu* conducted during many yean show ^ M thl» vnrnUh to I*: the mo*t durable and elastic Flow Varnish on the market. l! i« Impervious to water and dnea not mar nor scratch white. It Is light In t«lor. lhu« preserving the natural 1-eauty of the grain It ran txr i*cd with equally good result* over painted or grained surface*. It dries haid In from IS to .*4 hours, ami can lie rubied and polished or left In the gloss.	WjR §||| >'or s«de by |« nt dealers everywhere. II ZgSxi M «« vwif». «*•* Will send 1>> prepaid exprrs*. upon	;u r | i,l| «lcwnp:.ve price- list upon application.	fe ill	\	< o. ^Bl£ IV C0?O (• lldden Building. Cleveland, O. FASHIONABLE MEN WEAR THE NEEDRAW Boston FITS BEST WEARS BEST FEELS BEST LOOKS BEST If you want the best garter insist on the Conforms to contour of leg per- fectly. Cotton. Nickel PSaic. 25c. Slllc Pendant. Gold Plate. SOc. Mailed on Receipt o! Price. Soft, non- elastic Knit Leg Band with adjustable Pendant. Wear with either knee or full length drawers. No metal touches the leg. GEOBGE FBOST CO. Mtluri, Boston. For Occasional or Habitual Constipation s irtrvRN GREEN LABEL VARNISHES LII/I/LI1 GRAY MOTOR CO. HR STATIONARY "I™" GASOLINE ENGINE s76~ ForFarmwork, Irrigation or Pumping, Factory use and Electric Lighting. 3 lo 20 h.p.—perfectly governed - guaranteed by a responsible firm. Write for full description. . 105 Leib St.. DETROIT. MICH. HAMPER'S AIAUAZI.SE ADVERTISER. Hot Spring*. Ark. Denver, Colo. Went IIiiven, Conn. Washington, |». ©. Jacksonville* Fin. Atlanta, Co. AT THE FOLLOWING KEELEY INSTITUTES: IlnlKlil. 111. Marion. Ind. l.exlngton, Mom. Portland, Me. Grand Itapld*. Mlcb. Kaiimia City. Mo. St. LouU, Mo., 8801 Locust St. Manchester, X. II. Buffalo. N.Y. White Plalas, X. Y. Columbu*, Ohio. Portland, Oregon. Philadelphia, Pa.* 812 X. Broad St. Pittsburg, Pa., 4240 Fifth Ave. Providence, It. I. Winnipeg, Manitoba. I^ondon, Kngland. When writing to adrcrlisers kindly mrntion Harper's Maya:inr. Jenkins Bros. Valves Hie most practical and economical. Deigned tn meet the requirements of exacting every day service. In metal and In workmanship care Is taken to produce a valve that will Rive maximum amount of strength and durability. IIV shall hr glad to utai/ catalogue oh rttiutxl. JENKINS BROS., eSffiJ,;&,%}£. For Liquor and Drug Using A scientific remedy which has been skilfully and successfully administered by medical specialists for the past 30 years HARPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. SKIN LUXURY CUTICUEA SOAP It does so much for poor complexions, red, rough hands and dry, thin and falling hair. It does even more for skin-tortured and disfigured infants. Sold throughout the world. Depots London. 27. Charterhouse Sq.; Paris. 10. Hue do In Chaussee d'Antln. Australia. II Towns A Co..Sydney: India. B K Paul. Calcutta: China. Hong Kong Drug Co : Japan. Maruya. I.td.. Toklo. 80. Alrlra, l.ennon. Ltd.. Cape Town, etc.: U 8 A. Potter Drug A Cham. Carp, Sole Props. 133 Columbus Ave. Huston. •a-32-page Cutlrura Book, post-tree, a C.ulde to the Best t aro and Treatment of Skin und Hair 0 preserve your Complexion - A PINK powdcr-nol a rouge. This pow- der is a scientific prep- aration for the soften- ing and beautifying of the skin. Sold every- where or mailed for 25c Sample Free. His Period and His Pictures By ALBERT BIGELOW PAINE A BIOGRAPHY AND A HISTORY— Nast the man, Nast the Cartoonist, and a review of his share in the great events his pcncil treated in criticism—often as the voice of the country shaping those events. Mr. Paine had wonderful opportunities to know Nast, and the book is filled with a rich store of biographical material and historical side-light. The book is additionally valuable as a history of the cartoon and its development, along with the changes in processes of engraving and re- production. Hundreds of Nast’s cartoons and other draw- ings arc given, as well as many additional illustrations, historical and personal. Large Octavo. Gilt Top. 600 pp. $5.00 net. HARPER & BROTHERS, NEW YORK When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. HARPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. yfhiteifock^ “The World’s Best Table Water” Best Printing Inks MANUFACTURED OY J - M - HUBER /V£T W V'ORK HARPER PERIODICALS show actual results iu great, variety 8Q5TON	CHICAGO	P H I LA DELPMIA	ST. LOUIS HARPER & BROTHERS, PUBLISHERS. N. Y. THE RIDDLE of the UNIVERSE By Ernst Haeckel fTTHE noted achievements of the nine- V£/ tecnth century in their relation to the “riddle of the universe,” Pro- fessor Haeckel has a world-wide reputa- tion, and this work is generally conceded to be his supreme, masterly effort. Cloth, $1.50 The Wonders of Life ANEW, supplementary volume to The Riddle of the Universe, a popular study of the mysteries of life. A noteworthy book by the world-famous scientist. Cloth, net $1.50 Manning- Bowman ALCOHOL Gas Stoves The Alco/He Wick-Feed Burner burns denatured alcohol Manning-Bowman Alcohol Gas Stoves can be used interchangeably with Chafing Dish or Coffee Pot Style Percolator and in addition will take any cooking utensil and cook as complete a meal as can be done on a kitchen range. These stoves are supplied with Manning-Bowman Chafing Dishes or may be bought separately. All dealers have them and the Manning-Bowman Quality Coffee Percolators. Chafing Dishes, "Eclipse Bread Mixer, etc.	* Write for free Book of Recipes and Catalog 'J-24 ’ MANNING. BOWMAN S CO., Meriden, Conn When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. Cf>prrifht !>r Hart Schaffner .t Mar* VHE Style Rook for fall shows New England scenes; and inciden- tally our new fall models; these clothes seem to go well anywhere. 1 be above UlotffBtfcra ia not ihc cover of Ihe Style Itooki it la an advance potter of il. Sen<l «U cenia for a copy of (he book ami look it through. Hart Schaffner & Marx Good Clothes Makers Chicago	Boston	New York BARPERa UAQAZ1SB ADVERTISER. When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. GODIVA AJAX Best Brushes Made SAMSON Write for this booklet Brushing is Life to the Hair Every stroke of a Howard Brush reaches through and brushes each layer of hair, keeping it clean, healthy and vigorous and makes the scalp tingle with a healthy glow, exciting vitality and encour- aging a luxuriant growth. Howard Brushes are scientifically con- structed. Their stiff, penetrating bristles and beautifully finished backs of Turtle Ebony, or other precious woods, com- bi ne elegance, tility and du- rability to a s u rpass- ing de- gree. cA(>i«wiAJAX Jhe Handy Traveller 'gPtoOPeac/i The ease w i t h which the hair may be kept luxuriant and beautiful will be fully appreciated by any person reading our interesting, in structive booklet entitled THE HAIR. ITS GROWTH AND HYGIENE This book contains simply stated, scientific .facts about the life and growth of the Hair. It will be sent free to anyone addressing Dept. M. GODIVA BRUSH POWDER cMnvwrd GODIVA The Brush Dainty is a specially prepared powder with which a Hair Brush may be thoroughly cleansed without the slightest injury to the Bristles. If your merchant cannot sup- ply you with "Godiva Brash Powder," we will send a sample tube on receipt of five cents, or box of six tubes for a quarter. chhuwrd 5AM SON Military De Lux S32-5 to *6 9-° per pair The name JJourturd is on the handle of every Howard Brush HA HI'lilt‘d MAGAZINE Alt\KHTIkMU. The Howard Brush Co.. 15 West 24th St,New York When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper’s Magazine. HAi:i‘i:tcs UAOA7.1HK a u yeictihek Ask the man who owns one % MOTOR CARS PACKARD MOTOR CAR COMPANY DETROIT When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper's Magazine. HARPER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER. *JFfr yggg NABISCO SUGAR WAFERS Refreshments served at five o’clock teas should never be elaborate. The hostess who serves NABISCO Sugar Wafers displays her knowledge of the conventions * as well as respect for the likes of her guests. NABISCO Sugar Wafers are always good form—always appreciated. In ten cent tins Also in twenty-five cent tins NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper's Magazine. HARP Ell'S XI AG AXIS E ADVERTISER. When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper's Magazine. You can have an object lesson in the use of the Gillette on any sleeping car in America. Most men who shave on the train use the Gillette. They can shave quickly—with no stropping, no hon- ing—shave smoothly and clean up all the corners, with no danger from the lurch or motion of the car. A bridegroom on the Canadian Pacific acquired a three-days’ growth of beard. Despair was written on his face. A kindly old gentleman loaned him a Gillette —and received the united thanks of two fond hearts. Men who travel much become very practical. They go in for efficiency—get down to necessities. GILLETTE SALES COMPANY, 44 W. Second Street, Boston New York, Times Building Chicago. Stock Exchange Building Gillette Safety Razor. Ltd.. London Eastern Office. Shanghai. China Canadian Office, St. Alexander Street. Montreal IIA It PER'8 MAtlAXIXR ADVBRTI8BR. Tourists and travellers are the staunchest advocates of the Gillette. It would be interesting to know how many thousand Gillettes are sold every year through their example and recommendation. Be progressive. Keep a Gillette on your home washstand—take it with you when you travel. Spread around some of the Gillette sunshine. Wear the smile of the man who can shave without stropping or hon- ing. Life is brighter when a clean face is an every- morning habit. Standard Set, - - - $5.00 Gillette blades, 50c. and $1.00 GILLETTE SALES COMPANY, 44 W. Second Street. Boston Fuctoriet: Boston. Monti vol. Leicester. Berlin, Paris When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper's Magazine. HARPER'S MAOAZIXE ADVERTISER. When writing to advertisers kindly mention Harper's Magazine. “About once in two months,” writes a California woman, “I give my mahogany pieces a good bath. With a dry cloth, I wipe off the dust. Then, with warm Ivory Soap suds and a piece of chamois, I begin the washing. After washing well, I wipe lightly with a piece of cheesecloth, polishing with a chamois. I wash just what 1 can dry and polish at one time. By doing this and a little dusting every day, I am able to keep my furniture in good condition.” Ivory Soap . . 994%o Per Cent. Pure. Swift’s Premium Sliced Bacon Crisped, makes a delicate, savory, appetizing dish for breakfast any morning, no matter what the temperature. It is every bit choice meat. There is no waste. A streak of lean and a streak of fat, together with Swift’s exclusive method of “ Premium ” curing, makes it firm and flavory. Sliced thin and evenly by machinery and put up in sealed glass jars, it reaches your table with all its original goodness unimpaired. At All Dealers r <?' AND '<* PASSEDUNDER ° THEACTOF CONGRESS OF <* JUNE 30. 1906 ,4 Swift & Company, U. S. A. Absolutely Pure The only baking powder made with Royal Grape Cream of Tartar No Alum,No Lime Phosphate A PURE PRODUCT OF A PERFECT PROCESS BAKER’S BREAKFAST COCOA is made from the best cocoa beans, scientifically blended. Absolutely pure, healthful, and delicious. Get the genuine wilh our trade-maik on the package 52 Highest Awards in Europe and America Walter Baker & Co. Limited Established 1780 DORCHESTER, MASS. RenlBteinft, U.S. fat. OS. Prove Things Hold Fast That Which Is Good. A ten days’ change from coffee to well-made POSTUM Tells its own convincing story. “There’s a Reason” Wkterm&iis f Ideal ^ fountain ren Use 'this pen during the POSTUM CEREAL COMPANY, LTD., Battle Creek, Mich., L". S. A. years^ help you ough the Earning Years . --- All DpbIpi-c P'^™==S j^t.E.Wa'erman Co, 173 Broad wayN-y]!